Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Apple, Facebook, Snapchat, and Twitter have legally opposed Trump's travel ban Shona Ghosh Feb. 6, 2017, 4:00 AM 6,324 facebook linkedin twitter email print People protest against President Donald Trump's travel ban in New York. Thomson Reuters Legal challenges to President Donald Trump's travel ban are flying in thick and fast. The latest is a brief from 97 tech firms, including Microsoft, Apple, Facebook, and Google, filed Sunday as part of a case brought by Minnesota and Washington state against the ban, which temporarily bars travel to the US from citizens of seven majority-Muslim countries and from all refugees as the US reviews its vetting procedures. The companies have filed an amicus brief, a legal document that can be filed by parties that have a strong interest in the case but aren't directly taking part. According to Bloomberg, the brief outlines the importance of immigrants to the US economy. It says: "Immigrants make many of the Nation's greatest discoveries, and create some of the country's most innovative and iconic companies. America has long recognized the importance of protecting ourselves against those who would do us harm. But it has done so while maintaining our fundamental commitment to welcoming immigrants—through increased background checks and other controls on people seeking to enter our country." Other companies listed include Netflix, Spotify, Lyft, and LinkedIn. Amazon is not among the companies on the amicus brief, but executives at the company have filed legal documents acknowledging that some Amazon employees would be directly affected by the ban. Tesla is also missing from the list. CEO Elon Musk sits on Trump's business advisory council, which had its first meeting Friday. The meeting is not public, and Musk subsequently tweeted that he had put immigration top of the agenda. At my request, the agenda for yesterday's White House meeting went from not mentioning the travel ban to having it be first and foremost — Elon Musk (@elonmusk) February 4, 2017 Uber does appear on the list. CEO Travis Kalanick dropped out of Trump's council a day before its first meeting after a massive outcry among Uber's users. Trump's team is appealing the case in the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals after a federal judge temporarily suspended the travel ban last week. Trump used Twitter over the weekend to attack the judge, James Robart, calling his decision "ridiculous." The appeals court is expected to decide on Monday on whether to block Robart's order. Here's the brief in full: NOW WATCH: Here’s everything we know about the iPhone 8 Loading video... More: Immigration ban Donald Trump Apple Google Facebook Microsoft facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Apple, Facebook, Snapchat, and Twitter have legally opposed Trump's travel ban Apple, Facebook, Snapchat, and Twitter have legally opposed Trump's travel ban Legal challenges to President Donald Trump's... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured How this astronaut overcame failure and rejection to land his dream job More "Idea Factory" » We just created the best Google Chrome extension on the market for latest news headlines More "BI Innovations" » Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Apple beat Samsung in smartphone shipments for the first time in 5 years Eugene Kim Feb. 6, 2017, 3:18 PM 5,902 facebook linkedin twitter email print More Charts   Apple reclaimed the top spot of the smartphone market last quarter for the first time since 2011, in large part due to the release of new iPhones and Samsung's exploding Galaxy Note 7s. According to new data from IDC charted for us by Statista, Apple shipped 78.3 million units in the fourth quarter, up 4.7% year-over-year, and slightly surpassed Samsung's 77.5 million units shipped. IDC pointed to the success of the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus for Apple's comeback. Apple, in fact, had a record for iPhone sales last quarter, although for the full year, it saw declining iPhone shipments for the first time in 2016. Samsung's exploding Galaxy Note 7 phones likely played a part too, as Samsung previously disclosed the "Batterygate" cost it $3 billion in lost sales. Statista SEE ALSO: Here’s how Snapchat compares to Facebook and Twitter before their IPOs NOW WATCH: Science says parents of unsuccessful kids could have these 6 things in common Loading video... Follow Tech Chart Of The Day and never miss an update! Get updates in your Facebook news feed. Get updates in your inbox. Privacy Policy Get updates in your inbox Subscribe to Tech Chart Of The Day and never miss an update! Privacy Policy More: COTD Chart Of The Day Samsung Apple Smartphones facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Apple beat Samsung in smartphone shipments for the first time in 5 years Apple beat Samsung in smartphone shipments for the first time in 5 years Apple reclaimed the top spot of the smartphone... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured How this astronaut overcame failure and rejection to land his dream job More "Idea Factory" » We just created the best Google Chrome extension on the market for latest news headlines More "BI Innovations" » Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
  Home U.K. News Sports     U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines U.S. Showbiz U.K. Showbiz Headlines Arts Pictures Showbiz Boards Blogs Video TV Listings My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad 'I love all my moms': Hundreds of polygamists and their families led by the 'Sister Wives' descend on the steps of Utah Capitol to demand the legal right to plural marriage Black high school basketball players are harassed by 60 students dressed up for 'Hick Night' chanting 'Build that wall' and 'Get them out of here!' during game World's eighth biggest spammer, who is responsible for sending more than a million spam emails, faces decades in jail after being arrested 'He's gone. He's blue': Frantic 911 call from George Michael's lover reveals that he had been trying to wake him for an hour before calling The Supper Bowl! The Trumps, the Japanese prime minister and his wife are joined by New England Patriots owner for dinner at Mar-a-Lago after the First Family fly to Florida on Air Force One Hundreds of illegal immigrants arrested across six states this week in what officials say are 'routine' roundups of people who would also have been detained under Obama Trump says a 'brand new' immigration order could come as soon as MONDAY - as the White House looks to avoid a Supreme Court fight and craft a new plan From Russia with love: Vladimir Putin 'is considering returning Edward Snowden' to the US as a 'gift' to Trump more than three years after he was granted asylum in Moscow Michael Flynn's top aide is fired from National Security Council as tensions escalate over his discussions with Russian ambassador  Protesters block newly-installed education secretary Betsy DeVos from entering the first school she tries to visit, forcing her to sneak in via a side entrance  That's cheeky! Calvin Klein plays This is Not America and Mexican immigrant designer sends 'f*** your wall' underwear down the runway as New York Fashion Week gets political Trump laughed and nodded along during the Japanese PM's speech during Friday's press conference because 'he knew what the speech was about' Welcome to the famous White House! Trump pulls in the Japanese prime minister for a bromantic greeting before he takes a very Donald tour of the President's home ahead of a weekend of golf at Mar-a-Lago Getting away from it all! Ivanka carries a purse and wears shoes from her own under fire label as she, Jared and their three young children take their first flight on Air Force One to Mar-a-Lago Gym owner goes after Ivanka Trump on Facebook after finding out the first daughter used an alias to sign up for a class Trump stuns lawmakers by claiming he and former Senator Ayotte would have both won New Hampshire if not for 'thousands of illegal voters who were bused in from out of state' Baby's day out! Chelsea Clinton and husband Marc take son Aidan on an afternoon trip to gourmet food emporium after a morning at a fashion show where she denied she's considering a Senate run Parts of Trump 'dirty dossier' HAVE been verified by investigators - but NOT the most salacious details including 'golden shower' claims How the West Wing was won: Kellyanne Conway dresses in head-to-toe leather day after travel ban ruling (and drops $6k on her boots and purse alone) Botox in her neck, an apple before every meal and lasers to wipe out knee wrinkles: How Christie Brinkley looks like this at 63 (and don't forget her daily washes with ACID soap)!  Jared Kushner's younger brother Joshua 'has a preliminary agreement to buy the Miami Marlins baseball team for roughly $1.6billion' Shia LaBeouf's anti-Trump museum exhibit is shut down after becoming a 'flashpoint for violence' Ole Miss student, 21, HEADBUTTS a cop, breaking his nose, as he is taken into a cell for 'robbing a store clerk while high on new drug gravel' Little Caesars creator and Detroit Red Wings and Tigers owner dies aged 87 after amassing a fortune worth $6BILLION Previous Next 7 questions that need answering after the finale of Apple Tree Yard, by Jim Shelley By Jim Shelley for MailOnline Published: 18:06 EST, 6 February 2017 | Updated: 02:31 EST, 7 February 2017 e-mail 103 shares 411 View comments The problem with Apple Tree Yard was simple but all encompassing: you couldn’t believe any of it. Not because, like even the classiest ‘psychological thrillers’, it was implausible nonsense (but also great television). No its fatal flaw was it transpired that not one but both of the protagonists were not just pathological, polished, liars but inveterate fantasists. In the clear: The dramatic events of Monday night's Apple Tree Yard finale saw Dr Yvonne cleared of murder The fact that Apple Tree Yard was told from the viewpoint of one of them (Dr Yvonne Carmichael) and narrated through her (terribly written) secret diary meant we couldn’t trust anything. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next A crisp, sexy drama? No, Apple Tree Yard is rotten at the... Reckless romantic or victim of her own self-destruction? 5... TV's steamiest drama is stripped bare: Gripped by the BBC's... 'It's excruciating': Apple Tree Yard star Ben Chaplin was... Share this article Share 103 shares Her hopelessly naïve inability to see through the deceit and delusion of her lover Mark Costley’s conduct only compounded things. So when the verdicts came in there were only from the jury, not necessarily the viewers. All's well: There were some parts of the way the drama was dealt with that made Yvonne easier to trust A relief: Mark Costley was found Guilty of manslaughter, not murder Mark Costley was found Guilty of manslaughter, not murder, having viciously killed George Selway the man who had brutally raped Carmichael. How many viewers felt that Carmichael was innocent of the same charges – or in general – we’ll never know. They could have been forgiven for feeling less certain they knew what had really happened, and why. The true nature of the protagonists’ personalities and their motives, particularly of the heroine, were still shrouded in secrecy and ambiguity. What Dr. Yvonne Carmichael was doing (or what she thought she was doing) was just as debatable/dubious in the finale’s final scenes as it had been in the very beginning of the first episode – when she had sex with the then-stranger. Too many questions: The true nature of the protagonists’ personalities and their motives, particularly of the heroine, were still shrouded in secrecy and ambiguity Even the significance of her parting glance to camera was Mona Lisa-elusive. If anything, the question of why she was so irresistibly, self-destructively, drawn to Mark Costley was more questionable now – after what she’d learnt during the trial about who he was (or wasn’t). This was pretty shocking – more for her than for us. As I suggested after Episode Two, the manner in which Costley killed George Selway (having knocked on his front door in broad daylight while Yvonne waited in the getaway car outside) was a huge clue that her mysterious lover was not a spy, as she’d assumed and been led by him to believe. He had been rejected by MI5 and was just a security officer at Westminster whose duties included (don’t laugh) Health & Safety. Where’s the glamour? Burning questions: The big question at the end of it was who was the maddest: Costley or Carmichael? Costley also had a reputation and a record for being violent and a sex pest, although not remotely as bad as his victim, whom Costley had kicked to death, shattering Selway’s voicebox by stamping and jumping on his face and throat. Nice. Despite this and the fact that Dr Carmichael’s dangerous liaison with Costley had only come out after he had revealed it to his lawyer – who used it against her, seriously undermining her case and jeopardizing her freedom – the finale ended with Carmichael visiting him in prison. Placing her hand over his (over the glass between them) she still seemed to believe their relationship was more about love than sex, that ‘the feelings were real’ - as she had before when she reiterated ‘I saw you and you saw me.’ It was a shame that she didn’t see he was not a spy then, that she wasn’t ‘f**king a spook’, that he was a fantasist, a married man with two kids, a failure, a liar, a vengeful, vicious, narcissist, a womanizer, more interested in satisfying his own predilection for sex in public than her romantic hopes. The big question at the end of it was who was the maddest: Costley or Carmichael? Or us for watching? She believes it: Placing her hand over his (over the glass between them) she still seemed to believe their relationship was more about love than sex Here are 7 questions thrown up by the finale. 1. Was the court case remotely plausible? The notion that the affair between the two lovers accused of murder would not have been discovered by the detectives who’d arrested and investigated them, by the lawyers prosecuting or defending them, or by any of their families, friends, and work colleagues, was ludicrous. Particularly as their sex life was conducted almost entirely in public (in the pub toilets and alleyways of Central London or crypts in the Palace of Westminster). As you do… Or don’t. Even the other characters didn’t believe Yvonne’s story. ‘Why DID your co-defendant kill George Selway?’ asked one legal advisor. ‘He was warning off him as a favour to me,’ Yvonne claimed blankly. ‘Quite a favour ! You hadn’t known him that long had you?’ he remarked. Yes you could that. 2. Why did such a strong, successful, intelligent, woman suddenly embark on this improbable descent of reckless sex, family betrayal, and delusion? Apart from some sudden, inexplicable, urge to self-destruct this wasn’t clear. ‘Why did you do it? Why with someone like that?’ asked her best friend, mystified, after it came out. ‘He didn’t seem the way he seems in court,’ Yvonne mumbled. Not much of an answer. ‘Please at least tell me that the sex was good.’ She didn’t answer that either. Even Carmichael seemed to know it was all rather forlorn and sordid – like the moment she sat on the loo taking her underwear at Mark’s behest. All she wanted was to go to a hotel. 3. Was Yvonne the worst diary writer of all time? ‘Just for that moment I doubted you. Forgive me my love… You are my knight in shining armour. You’ve admitted you acted alone. Keeping me safe.’ ‘If relationships are stories there is no happy ending for ours. But life as they say goes on.’ ‘Dear X. With good behaviour and help from your psychiatrist you’ll be free in five years.’ Frankly, her diary was so absurd it was hard to tell if she was serious. 4. Why couldn’t Carmichael ever accept she had done anything wrong, acted badly or out of character? When she was arrested for breaching the conditions of her bail, her immediate response was ‘I haven’t done anything.’ When her own lawyer pointed out she had texted Costley back twice, she merely complained ‘he’s not even supposed to have a phone in prison is he?’ Then when Costley’s QC destroyed her, branding her as a liar after Costley had revealed their affair, her voice-over merely commented: ‘courts aren’t about the truth. They’re about who tells the best story’ – as if their affair was irrelevant or she hadn’t driven him to Selway’s house and then away from the murder scene and kept it quiet. She ended up just convicted of perjury but spared prison. Even this only inspired self-pity rather than relief. ‘A suspended sentence ! Sounds about right. Suspended. Hanging above me - the sword that could fall on my neck at any time. And of course my good behaviour has to last a lifetime.’ This was a reference to the penance she had to pay with her husband Gary for her affair and enduring the trial. But even his support was not enough. She wanted him to tell their daughter about his own fleeting dalliance with his assistant. ‘Surely it’s only fair that she knows about you and Rosa?’ Hardly the same. 5. Why was Yvonne not affected by finding out what Costley had done? Yvonne was virtually indifferent to the violence he inflicted on Selway – as with most things so inured she was blank. ‘How did it go so far? Did he provoke you? I know you. You’re not a monster,’ she mused. Well he did stamp a man to death... For a supposed feminist heroine, she cared little about the way she or her lover affected other women? His wife, her own pregnant daughter, the colleague at Westminster that he lasciviously groped in public... Her wet lament ‘poor sergeant Johns’ was hardly an adequate response. 6. Why was she visiting Costley in prison? Even after the affair, the murder, and the trial – even after her daughter’s baby, and her husband’s forgiveness, Yvonne was still lying: to her husband, her family, herself… By now she knew that ‘two weeks after I told you that George Selway raped me you were in that pub with Sergeant Johns.’ She knew now she was not ‘f**king a spook’ but a man whose job was to ‘check the duty logs’ and ‘supervise the shifts for CCTV monitoring crews.’ But when Costley called it ‘the flat’, she still corrected him: ‘the safe house.’ Costley had told his lawyer about their affair after he had seen her look up at her husband in the public gallery to let her know her their daughter had given birth to their grandson. He argued feebly that his QC ‘twisted everything’ and that he had only told her ‘because how else would anyone know? How would they know that it had been real?’ She forgave him, still soppy and love-sick, drifting back into her fantasy. ‘You panicked. Is that what happened with George Selway. I know you wouldn’t have meant to kill him.’ Like he crushed his voicebox by accident... 7. Did Carmichael encourage Costley to exact violent revenge for the rape on her behalf, as he claimed? The final episode did not remind us that she had asked Costley: ‘can’t you warn him off for me?’ and he had eagerly replied: ‘Nothing would give me greater pleasure. Don’t tell me you wouldn’t like to put the wind up that pathetic piece of s**t.’ ‘I would. I want him to crap himself with fear. I want to feel half as terrified as he made me feel.’ So when she picked him up at the station and they set off heading for Selway’s house (with Costley’s only plan to escape detection seemingly being to wear a hoodie) what did she think was going to happen or they were doing? It seemed pretty clear. Sure enough at the end of the finale, when she visited him in prison, Costley whispered ‘I never told them what you said.’ A flashback showed them in bed together and he asked: ‘what do you want?’ ‘I want you to kill him !’ Yvonne giggled. ‘I want you to smash his f**king face in !’ Through the prison glass she looked at him in wide-eyed denial and just murmured: ‘people can say anything.’ Not exactly a the type of rebuttal you’d give to an accusation of inciting murder. ‘You really can’t tell the difference can you?’ she added. It was true of course, but was she much better? Emotional: The ending was every bit as nail-biting Share or comment on this article e-mail 103 shares Most watched News videos Danielle Bregoli throws punches while boarding Spirit Airways Cameraman 'zooms in' on woman's breasts in 'see-through' swimsuit Caught on camera: Bystanders watch topless men fighting in street Moment Lindsay Hoyle and Alex Salmond scream at each other Danielle Bregoli discusses fighting a 'crack head' with her mom 'I don't take no s***': Bus driver kicks drunk man off bus Watch Barack Obama wipe out in kite surfing battle McConnell blocks Warren from reading letter from MLK's wife Footage shows hostile environment that Alexander Blackman endured Melissa McCarthy nails screeching Sean Spicer on SNL Danielle went viral after appearing on Dr Phil in 2016 Moment woman pops open her shirt by flexing her boobs Socialite Tara Palmer-Tomkinson, 45, dies at her London... 'She hit my mom and I need to whoop her right now:'... Barack Obam-AIR! New photos show former president... San Francisco transit janitor who makes more than $250K a... Woman accused of Photoshopping an engaged stranger's face... 'My intestines were out... and she was grabbing hold of... Snow could hit London TONIGHT and it's set to be a white... Chilling moment four women are stranded on a rock in the... Tara's devastating secret illness in her own words: How... Thinking of her breaststroke? Distracted cameraman... The astonishing moment a Zebra's head is left poking out... Bridge of sighs: Disgusted mother, 19, spots a couple... Visiting daddy at work! Ivanka shares sweet snap of her... New male contraceptive jab that works for TWO YEARS:... Iraqi girl, 10, is 'bitten to death' with medieval... Manchester City star John Stones splashes out £3.4million... Mother is sentenced to 16 years in prison for incest,... 92% of left-wing activists live with their parents and... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments (411) Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated  View all The comments below have not been moderated.  View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. We are no longer accepting comments on this article. Who is this week's top commenter? Find out now More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Robin Thicke has emotional reunion with son under watchful eye of social worker as ex Paula Patton reluctantly hands him over in park Botox in her neck, an apple before every meal and lasers to wipe out knee wrinkles: How Christie Brinkley looks like this at 63  Ageless beauty All that glitters! Kylie Jenner flashes her midriff and legs in fringed gold crop top and matching skirt for Jeremy Scott's NYFW show You can't strut with us! Kendall Jenner, Bella Hadid and Hailey Baldwin make for a formidable fashion pack as they parade their way into the Fendi party Nicole Scherzinger puts on a busty display in cut-out blouse for night out at LA hotspot Catch Quite a catch Can a mattress help you have better sex? From keeping you cool to the perfect bounce, how your bed could hold the key to your love life SPONSORED Daddy's little girl! Tom Hanks' granddaughter's name revealed as the adorable tot steps out wearing an outfit picked out by father Chet  13 months old Daddy's biggest fan! Behati Prinsloo takes baby Dusty Rose to support Adam Levine as he is honored with star on Hollywood Walk of Fame 'The love of my life': Cassadee Pope announces engagement to Rian Dawson with sweet snap as she shows off huge diamond ring Sitting pretty: Charlie XCX shines in pink polka dots at the Variety Portrait Studio event with Noah Cyrus and Kat Graham Non-stop party Vanderpump Rules' Stassi Schroeder shows off her skivvies in sheer frock at Nicole Miller's NYFW runway show She sat front row at the show on Friday A vision in velvet! Jessie James Decker shows off her svelte figure in burgundy dress with thigh high boots for her Kittenish pop up shop Meow! Paris Hilton braves snow in quirky cat ear cap after walking the runway for New York Fashion Week Didn't let the snow ruin her trip  Lovebirds! Peter Facinelli and girlfriend Lily Anne Harrison pack on the PDA as they take a stroll in Los Angeles  Seems like things are still quite steamy Sealed with a kiss! Ariel Winter shares a cheeky peek with her gal pal after getting frisky with fires Locking lips at a Hollywood hotspot Shanina Shaik flashes MAJOR side boob in slinky black frock before celebrating 26th birthday with an adorable cake of her much-younger self  Look away Rob! Blac Chyna spotted without her engagement ring as she enjoys lunch date with a mystery man She did her best to keep a low profile Second-gen stunner! Andy Garcia's daughter Alessandra Garcia Lorido is a rising talent in the plus-size modeling world She is turning heads She was an American Girl! Kate Upton stuns in slinky silk ensemble at MusiCares event honoring Tom Petty She can't help but command the spotlight 'We are extremely happy': George Clooney's mom, Nina, gushes over what a 'great' dad her son will make as he and wife Amal expect twins She even stuns in sweats! Selena Gomez opts for comfort in cozy top and bell bottoms as she steps out in LA She looked gorgeous as ever New York minute! Romee Strijd steps out in super short skirt showing off long legs during chilly fashion week Braving the cold weather Forget something? Allison Williams wows in sparkly black blazer with no BRA at Get Out premiere in Los Angeles Seems to have forgotten an item of clothing Hailey Baldwin rocks rose colored glasses and leather for RtA FW 2017 presentation at New York Fashion Week Making a name for herself EXCLUSIVE: 'I was scared to come back because of my beliefs': Lindsay Lohan on returning to the US while studying Islam and wanting to meet Trump Coffee and cigarettes: Fresh faced Frenchwoman Vanessa Paradis stops to smoke after enjoying lunch with friends Johnny Depp's ex 'The older that you get ... less is more!': Makeup enthusiast Kim Zolciak touts virtues of using fewer cosmetics She's regularly seen with a fully made up face 'We're famous, Daddy!' Nick Cannon reveals his struggle to keep five-year-old twins with Mariah Carey grounded The America's Got Talent host spoke out 'So excited to shoot with women of all sizes!' Ashley Graham flaunts her cleavage in sizzling salsa-themed ad for her swimsuit line She's proud of her figure 'I could die': Mama June Shannon vows there is a 'skinnier person inside' her as she undergoes surgery in new From Not to Hot trailer Kim Kardashian works out with her sisters in LA while husband Kanye West prepares for fashion week in NYC Sweat session with Kourtney and Khloe Kourtney Kardashian shows off her pins in black leggings as she chats on the phone while running errands Spotted out and about in Los Angeles Nice puppies! Lena Dunham dons bold striped frock as she makes Tonight Show appearance with two cute furry guests Canine companions 'Babes!' Gwen Stefani gushes about beau Blake Shelton and pal Adam Levine as the Maroon 5 singer gets a star on the Hollywood Walk Of Fame 'You want to introduce some fear!' Tim McGraw reveals he scares his and Faith Hill's daughters' dates with a sledgehammer  Scary dad Big city pretty! Snooki, JWOWW and Christina Milian get dolled up at NYFW celebrity beauty bar They were seen getting their glam on Busting out! Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi flaunts VERY ample cleavage in bizarre video announcement for new movie Mischa Barton steps out for a rainy day drive in her convertible...one day after 'drinking and smoking until 3am' at West Hollywood bar Out with a friend Can't rain on her parade! Kelly Rowland braves LA downpour to celebrate birthday in showstopping beaded ensemble 36th birthday 'How pretty is this is?': Eva Longoria shares romantic Valentine's Day balloon display she made for husband Jose Bastón Loved-up That's not Selena Gomez! The Weeknd hits pre-Grammy party in LA with former Miss USA Rima Fakih...who's the spitting image of his girlfriend Well, it's not ALWAYS the happiest place on Earth! Drew Barrymore recalls her daughter Olive's spectacular tantrums at Disney World Ivanka, Jared and their three children take their first flight on Air Force One to Mar-a-Lago as she carries purse and wears shoes from her own embattled label Bella Thorne wears lacy crop top to join mystery man on double-date bike ride with sister Dani Thorne and boyfriend in LA Found someone new? Diane Kruger looks beautiful in blue as she joins Adriana Lima with a leggy display on front row at Jason Wu's New York Fashion Week show 'She's our guardian angel now': Katie Holmes' puts on a brave face at Fashion Week as she reveals her grandmother passed away  Naughty but nice! LeAnn Rimes sizzles in a black dress with a plunging, laced up neckline for pre-Grammys event Racy outfit The Crown creator is 'thinking about recasting everybody' as the plot progresses... meaning Matt Smith and Claire Foy would no longer star in the hit drama Looking tan-dy! Olivia Culpo and Madison Beer don color-coordinating outfits for Cushnie Et Ochs NYFW show Very similar color palettes Babymoon time! Whitney Port and husband jet out on vacation after the Hills star announced pregnancy    Expecting their first child Courtney Stodden makes out with a mystery man before revealing she has split from husband Doug Hutchison, 56 Blonde reality star is 22 Duggars welcomes 'son' Tyler to the family while celebrating his birthday three months after Jim Bob and Michelle were declared his legal guardians Lena Dunham bares midriff in crop top tracksuit after discussing her Trump diet again and how she 'drops weight with every move he makes' Amber Rose and Val Chmerkovskiy 'split' almost five months after falling in love on Dancing With The Stars  Reportedly 'just too different' New York's her runway! Kendall Jenner parades much shorter haircut as she struts around town during fashion week New hair 'It's truly a miracle': Family rejoice as Jamie Lynn Spears' daughter Maddie, 8, LEAVES hospital six days after girl almost died after flipping ATV into a pond Brielle Biermann enjoys a sweet early Valentine's Day celebration with boyfriend Michael Kopech and wins 'best girlfriend' award Bumping along nicely! Ciara protectively strokes her belly on casual outing in Beverly Hills Her dress emphasized her baby bump The Boy from Oz! Actor Hugh Jackman reveals that he STILL gets excited by snow despite years in the US as he braves New York snowstorm Rita Ora only has 'positive energy' for ex Rob Kardashian after he welcomes a baby with Blac Chyna... despite infamous Twitter spat following their ugly split Kate Upton looks prim and proper in pearls and blouse at LAX following claims of 'diva' behavior over Sports Illustrated shoot Classy look Drew Barrymore's ex Will Kopelman takes daughters for stroll with female companion... after actress admits their divorce was her 'worst nightmare' Katy Perry on why she's 'given up' caring what people think about her quirky style Used to spend hours reading comments about her appearance  How the West Wing was won: Kellyanne Conway dresses in head-to-toe leather day after travel ban ruling (and drops $6k on her boots and purse alone) Getting ready to roll! Irina Shayk shows bump in sweatshirt as she prepares for her little one's arrival with another driving lesson Bradley Cooper girlfriend Chelsea Clinton and husband Marc take son on an afternoon trip to gourmet food emporium after a morning at a fashion show DENYING she'd run for senate Trailer for 'racist' Netflix series Dear White People 'gets a million dislikes in just ONE day' - and sparks customer revolt  Backlash over show Trans teen Jazz Jennings is set to get her own DOLL as toy company announces the debut of 'genderless' toy made in the 16 year old's likeness Oh, what beautiful morning! Leighton Meester, Camilla Belle and Victoria Justice flock to Russian Tea Room for Kate Spade NYFW show 'He's gone. He's blue': Fadi Fawaz's frantic 999 call reveals that lover had 'been trying to wake George Michael for an hour' before calling  Call has been leaked Emotional fans praise Michael Bublé's new video about 'everlasting love'... as he makes his musical comeback amid his son Noah's cancer battle Next generation! Sofia Richie shows off her modeling chops as she gets VERY close to Anwar Hadid in Tommy Hilfiger's sultry new denim campaign Should Jamie Oliver be holding his baby so close to the cooker? Parenting expert's warning over photo of chef with his baby son River Rocket Effortlessly chic! Model Jessica Hart flashes a hint of cleavage as she goes BRALESS in plunging black outfit at New York Fashion Week The 30-year-old Aussie  'Your job is to get naked and say lines!' Debra Messing reveals  top director pressured her to do nude scene - after insisting she needed a nose job It's all in the wrist! Celebrity hairstylist Justine Marjan details the secrets to how she achieves perfectly lived-in waves on clients like Khloe Kardashian Family trip! Charlize Theron heads through LAX with her mother and her children Jackson and August South African actress adopted both kids Youthful looking Nicole Kidman, 49, flashes a hint of skin in a quirky polka dot dress with a thigh-high split as she attends Lion premiere in Paris Postcard from paradise: Kim Kardashian shares personal photo album of her wet and wild waterfall adventure in Costa Rica  While Kate Spade unveils a Parisian-inspired 2017 collection with the help of Victoria Justice, Tanya Taylor serves up pieces for the modern gal Oh so chic! Olivia Culpo and Nicky Hilton turn heads in black at white at LANYU Couture runway show Taking in New York Fashion Week Alec Baldwin roasts Ivanka Trump during Tonight Show saying he bought his suit from her collection for '95 per cent off' amid Nordstrom fiasco Putting their money where their mouth is: Celebs go on shopping sprees at Nordstrom after Trump bashed retailer for dropping Ivanka's clothing line Keanu Reeves looks dapper in a navy suit as he attends the gala screening of his latest flick John Wick in London Plays a brutal assassin  Richard Gere, 67, and girlfriend Alejandra Silva, 33, pucker up on the red carpet as they put on a besotted display at the Berlin Film Festival 'I thought about it and I was wrong!' D&G designer Stefano Gabbana backtracks after body-shaming Lady Gaga following her Super Bowl show Color in Kate! Kensington Palace joins the crayon craze with a book of the Duchess of Cambridge's outfits that is flying off the shelves  Features 31 outfits Kate and Wills planning a third baby? Harry and Meghan's engagement? Charles facing new embarrassment over Diana? What's going on behind the new hedge  How Fergie's now calling herself Margaret York and trying to run a business empire from a hotel bar  Sarah Ferguson is going by her middle name Prince Harry's ex Cressida Bonas cuts a demure figure in white dress as she cozies up to Olga Kurylenko at Harvey Weinstein's pre-BAFTA bash Hang on Sloopy rocker is charged with taking a loaded gun in his carry-on bag on a Delta flight to Atlanta Rick Derringer was flying from Cancun, Mexico Fancy seeing you here! Lily-Rose Depp bumps into her pal Tallulah Willis at popular LA lunch spot Two friends and daughters of A-listers  Movie theater says it won't let men in to watch Fifty Shades Darker 'until we see if women can control themselves'  Arousing passions Baby's first Chanel: Rob Kardashian posts sweet snap of baby Dream wearing designer outfit as she turns three months old Adorable photo  Trainspotting 2's Anjela Nedyalkova looks leggy in a nude semi-sheer minidress in Berlin... after getting naked with Ewan McGregor in steamy scenes Love you, baby! Maksim Chmerkovskiy kisses Peta Murgatroyd at fashion show as they take a night off parent duty one month after birth of son  Blondes have more fun! Allison Williams shows off platinum hair at LA screening of Get Out with director Jordan Peele and co-stars The Girls star, 28. Millie Bobby Brown joins the A-list front row fashion set at Calvin Klein after being named the new face of the brand at just 12 The Stranger Things star Ivanka's new life in DC: Visits to her kids' new schools, Flywheel classes, meetings with Mark Zuckerberg's wife and weekly date nights with husband Jared 'We connected really quickly:' Gigi Hadid reveals she tried struggled to play it cool after falling hard for Zayn when they first met Chatting on Ellen show   Revenge is best served HOT! Khloe Kardashian proudly models her ripped body in mirror selfie after officially dropping Odom from her name EXCLUSIVE: Anna Nicole's bodyguard 'Big Moe' tells how he frantically tried to revive her and admits he and star's inner circle were 'enablers'  Golden girls! Gwyneth Paltrow and Sarah Jessica Parker rock autumnal colors for Calvin Klein's Fall Winter show at New York Fashion Week Not wanted! NeNe Leakes jets out of New York amid claims RHOA co-stars are angry she's returning with Kim Zolciak Tensions are rising 'She threw me off!': Maria Shriver gets flustered after Lena Dunham says the word penis during live interview on Today show Things didn't go to plan 'It's been a double whammy': Whoopi Goldberg says she didn't realize how much she depended on her mother and brother as she discusses their deaths  Fifty Shades of Demure! Dakota Johnson cuts a casual figure in chic fur-trimmed coat as she jets out of London for her next movie premiere EXCLUSIVE Drake spends a whopping $750 on chicken takeouts in a late night visit to Leeds branch of Nando's fast food restaurant in England 'There was a baby boom!' Jamie Dornan admits erotic Fifty Shades sex scenes with Dakota Johnson led to pregnancy surge The hunky Irish actor Take a bow! Solange Knowles shows off a hint of cleavage in quirky plunging blazer at the Black Women in Music event in Hollywood  Beyonce's sister, 30 How Kate took ten years off her face: The Duchess has ditched her heavy eyeliner, and matte foundation since turning 35 (and looks a decade younger) So wild! Sofia Vergara wears zebra print blouse as she films Modern Family with Ed O'Neill Showing off some cleavage while playing Gloria  Shia LaBeouf's anti-Trump museum exhibit is shut down after becoming a 'flashpoint for violence' The actor's He Will Not Divide Us exhibit  Managers threatening to sue Blac Chyna for $3m target producers of her reality show with Rob Kardashian They've sent cease and desist letters Rosie O'Donnell transforms into Trump's adviser Steve Bannon on her Twitter profile after volunteering for SNL role Stunning likeness Naomie Harris is the picture of elegance in checked pants and chic white coat as she makes glamorous arrival at Calvin Klein NYFW show Suddenly shy? Rita Ora wraps up in an oversized shearling coat after flashing sexy underboob at Fifty Shades Darker premiere in London Can YOU identify these stars from their lips? Scientists say plump pouts like Kardashians' aren't the most desirable while Taylor Swift has perfect pair Getting a gift for the grandkids? Amal Clooney's mom Baria is pictured going into a children's bookstore as it's revealed A-listers are expecting twins PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tyga's ex Demi Rose sizzles in racy red lace lingerie for sexy Valentine's Day shoot as she reveals plans to move to America Tara Palmer-Tomkinson's family reveal she 'died peacefully in her sleep' as heartbroken sister visits tragic socialite's London apartment  Making an entrance! Fans go wild as The Bold and The Beautiful stars led by Jacqueline MacInnes Wood and Don Diamont make trip Down Under  Chelsea Handler mocks Trump and Ivanka by posing outside the White House clutching Nordstrom bags The talk show queen Charli Sexy-X! Popstar puts on very busty display in plunging bralet and tiny shorts as she performs new single on Jimmy Kimmel Live Flashed plenty of skin  When she's feeling blue: Selma Blair flaunts her legs in a patterned mini dress and matching pajama-style ensemble as she mixed up her look throughout the day Awkward! Suits stars Rick Hoffman and Sarah Rafferty look uncomfortable as they dodge TV show question about Meghan Markle and Prince Harry  NY Giants star Odell Beckham Jr is robbed of shoes, cash and jewelry after 'leaving a bag at a friend's house in Houston' during the Super Bowl 'Well today was a bit warm!' Pia Muehlenbeck flaunts her bikini body at the beach in scorching hot Sydney  The 25-year-old lawyer turned Instagram model  LEAFing little to the imagination! Charlotte McKinney flaunts her eye-popping cleavage in a sheer top as she accessorizes with a quirky clutch 'Sadder than any break-up': Lena Dunham talks about final season of her hit show Girls in candid chat on Inside The Actors Studio An emotional time Save the breast for last! Courtney Stodden sizzles in plunging bodysuit as she showcases major sideboob at pre-Grammys bash in LA Sheer daring! Kendall Jenner bares pert derriere in see-through gown as she hits catwalk for La Perla NYFW show Turning heads 'Amal's twins and Beyonce's twins will sit on the thrones of Narnia': Twitter reacts to George Clooney baby news Very exciting news Peekaboo! Emily Ratajkowski flashes side boob while Hailey Baldwin shows off her pert derriere at New York Fashion Week The stunning models  Richard Gere and his co-star Laura Linney cozy up to each other on the red carpet for The Dinner at the 67th Berlinale International Film Festival Good genes! Kelsey and Camille Grammer's daughter Mason, 15, struts her stuff on catwalk for NYFW It looks like talent runs in the family She's gone all Sporty Spice: Victoria Beckham wears head to toe Adidas in support to brand ambassador husband David following email hacking scandal Delighted Matt Damon reveals he was close to tears after George Clooney told him Amal's twin pregnancy secret when she was just 8 weeks along 'I'm in love!': Kourtney Kardashian bonds with niece Dream... and Penelope gets a squeeze in too Enamored with her brother Rob's daughter Aidan Turner puffs away on a cigarette before he resumes filming with Eleanor Tomlinson for Poldark season three The hit PBS show Fresh fears for Mischa Barton as she is seen drinking, smoking and partying until 3am just weeks after shocking 'meltdown'  Pictured drinking Little Mix singer Jade Thirlwall shows off enviably slender figure in racy tour costume... hours after bandmate Jesy Nelson flaunted her abs in saucy underwear  Katie Holmes shimmies up a storm in her fringed Marchesa frock at red-themed NYFW event Whipped her fringed frock into a frenzy Sister summit! TV siblings Jessica Biel, Beverley Mitchell, and Mackenzie Rosman meet up for 7th Heaven reunion It's been ten years  Brit bombshells! Suki Waterhouse goes braless in perilously plunging jumpsuit while Lottie Moss parades her toned legs in sexy mini dress for fashion event 'I have a right to make that judgment': The Bachelor's Nick Viall defends decision to keep free-spirit Corinne on the show Fiery words Bite me! Ariana Grande's brother Frankie chomps on chain as he storms down the runway in head-to-toe glitter during New York Fashion Week  Red hot! Iskra Lawrence displays her sensational curves in figure-hugging scarlet frock as she arrives at star-studded charity catwalk during NYFW Larry Birkhead says daughter Dannielynn is 'fearless' just like her mother Anna Nicole Smith as he opens up about the model on 10th anniversary of her death Kourtney Kardashian meets up with ex Scott Disick after reality star parties poolside with ladies in Miami Spotted at an office in West Hollywood 'I was very much the same': Khloe Kardashian empathizes with 'ride or die' Tiffany Morgan on Revenge Body Reality star's new show     DON'T MISS Legs eleven! Stella Maxwell showcases slim pins in strapless blue mini as she hits runway for La Perla NYFW show Accentuated her features Kate Moss flashes her racy leather bra as she unbuttons her shirt during dinner in London... before heading home in the early hours bleary-eyed Lady in leather! Smiling Queen Maxima of the Netherlands steps out in an edgy plum pencil skirt on a visit to a design school in east Germany  Gal pals! Jenna Dewan Tatum smiles broadly as she spends quality time with daughter Everly The 36-year-old Step Up actress wore a star print mini dress  Brooklyn Beckham heads out for a night out on the town amid father David's email hacking scandal The 17-year-old student and photographer  'There is certainly a lot more pressure on the girls to be thinner now': Cindy Crawford confesses to loving carbs and needing chocolate 'everyday'  'She's a mom with an insanely busy career': Jennifer Lopez and Drake's hot and heavy romance 'fizzled out' due to hectic schedules Amazingly ab-tatsic! Halle Berry's ex Gabriel Aubry puts on a muscle-bound show as he goes for a run  He got pulses racing with some cardio Good genes! Ashlee Simpson and husband Evan Ross coordinate in denim while running errands with daughter Jagger in LA Paris Jackson bonds with mother Debbie Rowe as she recuperates after finishing chemotherapy Posted a picture of the pair together Runway reveal! Paris Hilton flashes underboob on the Christian Cowan catwalk at NYFW Showcased her perky God-given assets Happy name change day! Khloe Kardashian celebrates no longer being an Odom with a drivers licence cake Dropped her ex husband Lamar Odom's moniker In the navy! Naomi Campbell looks fantastic in a blue nightie-inspired number on catwalk of La Perla NYFW event Beyonce has best seat at this Sunday's Grammy Awards... as Kanye and Bieber skip the 'irrelevant' ceremony Pregnant pop diva 'We're taking it slow': JoJo Fletcher dishes on life off-screen with Jordan Rodgers and shares Galentine's Day party tips with Access Hollywood Live Famously Single...again! Malika Haqq and Ronnie Magro have split after briefly hooking up on the reality show Met on Famously Single Ready FUR the runway! Keri Russell dons distinctive wintry hat and knit jacket for Rag and Bone NYFW party with partner Matthew Rhys So in love! John Legend holds Chrissy Teigen's hand as they take their little daughter Luna out for lunch The couple looked every inch the proud parents That must have been one long massage! Cameron Diaz leaves parlor with marks on her face from head rest after pampering session Mellow Thursday 'Finishing touches to my heart:' Christina Aguilera gives update on her new album with a breathtaking photo Shared a picture of herself sat at her piano Not so Shameless! Emmy Rossum cuts an elegant figure in a patterned silver midi at About Elly screening in New York Hit the red carpet 'I peed on a stick and I'm going to be a mom!' Hills' star Whitney Port reveals she is pregnant with her first child The star announced her big baby news Could it be a trio of pregnancies for The Hills? Speidi fuel rumors they are expecting as they congratulate Whitney Port and Lauren Conrad When Hermione fell for Voldemort... Hilarious Beauty and The Beast spoof trailer sees Emma Watson's Belle fall in love with Harry Potter's evil nemesis School's out for winter! Naomi Watts and her lookalike son Alexander, 9, spend a day in the snow as Winter Storm Niko closes schools down To dye for! Ashley Tisdale debuts new dark 'do and shows off her legs in thigh high boots during outing with niece Making her mark with good hair EXCLUSIVE: Chelsea Clinton's husband enjoys an afternoon at a bar with a friend after it's revealed his hedge fund closed last year  Marc Mezvinsky What a stylish squad! Olivia Culpo, Alexa Chung and Leigh Lezark coordinate in neutral tones for Noon By Noor's Fall 2017 fashion show Fashionable beauties A twist on the classic LBD! Courteney Cox shows off her sculpted legs in belted dress for a trip to the salon  Wore a button-up black dress with ballet flats 'Are you being watched?': Emma Watson and Tom Hanks deal with the dark side of technology in new trailer for The Circle It runs in the family! Miley's little sister Noah Cyrus rocks stylish black maxi dress at Billboard Power 100 celebration in LA A night to remember Model look! The Bold and the Beautiful's Jacqueline MacInnes Wood channels Gigi Hadid in midriff-baring sweater and drop crotch pants Scandalous! Kerry Washington slips into a sexy leather zip-up dress for Jimmy Kimmel Live Welcomed her second child four months ago Kim Kardashian shares adorable throwback snap of her soccer team... which was coached by her late father Robert Points out herself Mariah Carey 'struggling to sell tickets for upcoming tour' following her disastrous New Year's gig Upcoming tour might be shaping up to be a flop 'He's tense, he's angry, he's p*ssed off': Alec Baldwin tells wife Hilaria that playing President Donald Trump is 'not fun' Making SNL a hit again Throwback Thursday! Zayn Malik channels James Dean with edgy shearling jacket and classic quiff at Billboard Power 100 celebration 'She did a great f***ing job': Selena Quintanilla's widower Chris Perez gushes over Jennifer Lopez's portrayal as he watches Selena film for first time Michael Jackson's cousin Trent claims restraining order filed by aunt Katherine is a result of family money grab Hitting back Joan Smalls stuns in lacy black romper as she rocks runway at La Perla NYFW show She looked absolutely stunning as she strutted down the catwalk 'Stay humble': Sailor Brinkley Cook posts flashback to her childhood after revealing she struggled with body image growing up  She had 'baby fat' Her boogie shoes! Elle King is ready to jive in sparkling platform heels at star studded Grammy celebration in LA The remarkably talented 27-year-old songstress Olivia Palermo takes on New York's snow in a fur coat for fashion duty at Banana Republic The reality star was seen on the streets of New York in a black fur coat Shining star: Jennifer Lopez lights up the stage while paying tribute to her kids during Las Vegas residency concert Instagram video Beaming beauty! Amy Adams shows off toned legs in skintight jeans with a floral top and taupe blazer during shopping trip in LA Bare-faced  DJ Khaled faces lawsuit for allegedly stealing beats for 2016 hit single I Got The Keys featuring Jay Z and Future Rapper has been sued New mom Janet Jackson covers up her post-baby figure with a lavish fur cloak as she steps out in London carrying a $60,000 Hermes bag She's all paid up! Teresa Giudice has completely restored the $414,588 tax debt that was part of her sentence Fraud charges Let's get spiritual! Kourtney Kardashian reunites with former fling Justin Bieber at church after Scott's romps with models She's 37, he's 22 Love Game! Lady Gaga is dating CAA talent agent Christian Carino Mystery man's identity revealed days after they were spotted cozying up Looking a bit of all white! Supermodel Cindy Crawford, 50, shows off her age-defying beauty and svelte frame in a sexy cut-out frock at Sydney event It's official! George Clooney, 55, and wife Amal, 39, are expecting TWINS in June  The human rights lawyer has been showing off a baby bump Rosie Huntington-Whiteley, 29, finally confirms she's PREGNANT with fiance Jason Statham, 49, as she shares burgeoning bikini bump snap  'Go find another cause to exploit': Joshua Sasse SLAMMED for his opportunistic 'support' of gay marriage during engagement to Kylie Minogue Madonna arrives home with her newly adopted twins from Malawi who are welcomed to NYC with their first blizzard  The pop star, 58, adopted  four-year-olds  Nina Dobrev puts on a thigh-skimming display in a green patterned minidress as she attends xXx: Return of Xander Cage press event in Beijing   Are you feeling all-white, Rita? Ora trades her VERY busty premiere dress for conservative polo neck as she changes for Fifty Shades afterparty Formula 1 heiress Tamara Ecclestone launches impassioned rant about 'sexualizing breastfeeding' as she continues to nurse Sophia at almost 3  Suddenly shy! Lady Gaga covers her face while leaving the Kardashian's favorite skin care and cosmetic surgery salon Under the radar Lady Gaga sensually drapes herself over car as she rocks thigh-high PVC boots and hot pants in new John Wayne music video Released full version  The Late Late Show's James Corden rolls out Grammys red carpet days ahead of hosting annual music awards Said he was 'honored to be hosting' the show 'I want to be the love interest, I want to put on heels!' OITNB's Danielle Brooks calls for the TV industry to change its stereotypical portrayal of women Debonair Colin Firth shows off his specs appeal as he cuddles up to wife Livia at BAFTA 2017 gala dinner They are still the picture of happiness Pregnant Amanda Seyfried takes her dog out for a walk and pampers herself at the hair salon She was dressed down in a pair of fitted sweats Hillary Clinton was 'replaced on Vogue cover by Gigi Hadid and Kendall Jenner after election loss' as fashion bible reveals it plans to cover First Lady Under Armour under fire: Celebrity endorsers Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson and Misty Copeland back Steph Curry in disavowing CEO's pro-Trump stance Like mother, like daughter: Actress Ruby Rose bears a striking resemblance to mother in tender Instagram snap Close bond 'I'm flattered': Todd Chrisley welcomes gay rumors while joking he will 'never have a drought' The reality star has been married for 20 years   As Erin Fetherston brings romanticism and ethereality to New York Fashion Week, Tadashi Shoji urges you to leave your inhibitions behind NYFW has begun 'Blame it on the other person!' Mariah Carey dishes break-up advice following split from James Packer The diva spoke about how to get over them Rachel McCord sizzles in teeny tiny bikini for beach photo shoot inspired by those racy Carl's Jr. commercials The 26-year-old actress was seen in Venice, CA 'From its dominant top to its submissive bottom, it's utterly ridiculous': Audience LAUGHS at 'Fifty Shades Darker' screening with critics panning the flick 50 shades duller! (And as erotic as a bluebottle landing on your bottom): BRIAN VINER gives his verdict on the sequel At times downright limp, writes Brian Viner Bristol Palin's husband Dakota Meyer shares photo of himself sporting a 'Hillary For Prison' cap, after she posts a sweet snap of their baby Sailor Grace Reese Witherspoon shares photo of herself posing with lookalike 17-year-old daughter Ava - and leaves the internet baffled about who is who He's Prince Popular! Charles is mobbed by celebrity admirers as he hosts a gala reception for his trust in London Prince Charles was the life and soul of the party 'They don't like hearing that back home': Ruby Rose hints at tall poppy syndrome in Australia saying she'll 'get in trouble' for calling herself 'famous' Kylie Minogue shows Joshua Sasse what he's missing as she reclines on a bed in a tiny satin nightie in her first photoshoot since split from ex-fiancé Jubilant Rocco Ritchie steps out with girlfriend Kim Turnbull... as he celebrates becoming a big brother again after mum Madonna's adoption The look of love! Anwar Hadid plants a kiss on new girlfriend Nicola Peltz...as he supports sisters Gigi and Bella at Tommy Hilfiger show New couple 'Never say never': Actress Miranda Otto teases Kiefer Sutherland's return as Jack Bauer in new 24 spinoff series Fans could be in for treat 'It's a bizarre situation': Blac Chyna and Rob Kardashian still living separately despite engagement and have not discussed wedding details Sports Illustrated's Hailey Clauson teases a glimpse of her ample bust as she models VERY raunchy swimsuit Used just her hands to protect her modest SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Sting's son's support act for sleepy dad: Bassist grabs some shut eye by using his shoulder as a head rest  'I was completely freaking out': Kelly Clarkson reveals she had a CANCER scare on the day of her first Grammy Awards win Opening up for first time  Selena Gomez continues her chic fashion streak in long white coat and black boots in snowy New York Has new Netflix show 'It feels like a racial issue': Jason Derulo slams American Airlines after being 'disrespected' by captain and met with 15 cops after disembarking 'I've always been a believer honest, frank conversations': Brooke Shields lands her own radio show on SiriusXM Something different for the 51-year-old actress  Viva Forever! Busy Philipps shares throwback snap of herself embracing Spice Girl glamour in 1998 The 37-year-old chanelling girl group Christie Brinkley's ex, 58, pictured cuddling up to a 21-year-old college student who he pursued through Instagram and she's just three years older than his daughter Today's headlines Most Read 'I love all my moms': Hundreds of polygamists led by the family from 'Sister Wives' descend on steps of Utah... Black high school basketball players are harassed by 60 students dressed up for 'Hick Night' chanting 'Build... World's eighth biggest spammer, who is responsible for sending more than a million spam emails, faces... 'He's gone. He's blue': Leaked recording of Fadi Fawaz's frantic 999 call reveals that George Michael's... The Supper Bowl! The Trumps, the Japanese prime minister and his wife are joined by New England Patriots... Hundreds of illegal immigrants arrested across six states this week in what officials say are 'routine'... Trump says a 'brand new' immigration order could come as soon as MONDAY – as the White House looks to avoid... From Russia with love: Putin 'considering returning Edward Snowden' to the US as a 'gift' to Trump Michael Flynn's top aide is fired from National Security Council as tensions escalate over his discussions... Protesters block newly-installed education secretary Betsy DeVos from entering the first school she tries to... That's cheeky! Calvin Klein plays This is Not America and Mexican immigrant designer sends 'f*** your wall'... Trump laughed and nodded along during the Japanese PM's speech during Friday's press conference because 'he... Trump pulls in Japanese prime minister for a handhold as Shinzo Abe arrives at White House for bilateral... Getting away from it all! Ivanka carries a purse and wears shoes from her own under fire label as she, Jared... Gym owner goes after Ivanka Trump on Facebook after finding out the first daughter used an alias to sign up... Trump stuns lawmakers by claiming he and former Senator Ayotte would have both won New Hampshire if not for... Baby's day out! Chelsea Clinton and husband Marc take son Aidan on an afternoon trip to gourmet food... Parts of Trump 'dirty dossier' HAVE been verified by investigators - but NOT the most salacious details... How the West Wing was won: Kellyanne Conway dresses in head-to-toe leather day after travel ban ruling (and... Botox in her neck, an apple before every meal and lasers to wipe out knee wrinkles: How Christie Brinkley... Jared Kushner's younger brother Joshua 'has a preliminary agreement to buy the Miami Marlins baseball team... Shia LaBeouf's anti-Trump museum exhibit is shut down after becoming a 'flashpoint for violence' Ole Miss student, 21, HEADBUTTS a cop, breaking his nose, as he is taken into a cell for 'robbing a store... Little Caesars creator and Detroit Red Wings and Tigers owner dies aged 87 after amassing a fortune worth... Babysitter, 28, who took two kids to rob a Colorado bank because she needed money to pay fines for another... 'He put a chain around my neck': Woman held captive for two months in a metal shipping crate breaks her... The 'selfie paradox': Study finds people hate looking at them on other people's feeds - but still post their... Upping your intake of fruit and vegetables can improve your mood within just TWO weeks, study finds Bounty hunters chasing immigrants on horses, a 110-mile razor fence and bans on new mosques: ANDREW MALONE... MORE HEADLINES Furious wife frogmarches a love rival NAKED through the streets after catching her in bed with her husband  Screaming in pain in front of a cheering crowd before collapsing in agony, a woman is lashed with a cane in rare footage of Indonesia's brutal Sharia law punishment Trump says a 'brand new' immigration order could come as soon as MONDAY – as the White House looks to avoid a Supreme Court fight and craft a new plan The Supper Bowl! The Trumps, the Japanese prime minister and his wife are joined by New England Patriots owner for dinner at Mar-a-Lago after the First Family fly to Florida on Air Force One ISIS guard reveals he quit the group after witnessing a 15-year-old sex slave raped so horrifically that she bled to death Gym owner goes after Ivanka Trump on Facebook after finding out the first daughter used an alias to sign up for a class Protesters block newly-installed education secretary Betsy DeVos from entering the first school she tries to visit, forcing her to sneak in via a side entrance  EXCLUSIVE: 'I am haunted by the moment I saw her slipping away.' Anna Nicole Smith's bodyguard 'Big Moe' tells how he frantically tried to revive her and admits he and star's inner circle were 'enablers'  'He put a chain around my neck': Woman held captive for two months in a metal shipping crate breaks her silence about being raped and tortured by a suspected serial killer White Louisiana judge is banned from a local restaurant after he 'called a black customer the N-word' College freshman, 18, is found dead in her dorm room after a night of binge-drinking vodka and 'pre-gaming' with champagne 'It's truly a miracle': Britney Spears and family rejoice as Jamie Lynn's daughter Maddie, 8, LEAVES hospital six days after girl almost died after flipping ATV into a pond Cash Me Ousside girl's father speaks: Florida Sheriff's deputy who had stormy relationship with teen's mother says he is 'appalled' by the videos as she reappears on Dr Phil Why you should never annoy an elephant! Tourist who tried to wash beast’s trunk is sent flying through the air in display of incredible power (and rage) Snakes alive! Terrifying moment a wild Cobra HEADBUTTS a window to get at kittens cowering inside No point in shoveling out! ANOTHER storm is set to hit the Northeast just three days after storm dropped up to two feet of snow on the region  EXCLUSIVE: Child sex abuse victim who sued Netflix for 're-traumatizing' her by releasing a documentary on human trafficking using her real name and personal photos has dropped the suit in what her lawyer calls a 'strategic decision' From Russia with love: Putin 'considering returning Edward Snowden' to the US as a 'gift' to Trump Every day's a school day for these kids! Family of five move into a disused SCHOOL BUS which they bought for $3,000 and converted into their home  'Ever since her death, she sends me butterflies': Anna Nicole Smith's daughter Dannielynn reveals how the mother she never knew stays close to her heart on 10th anniversary of her death Kate and Wills planning a third baby? Harry and Meghan's engagement? Charles facing new embarrassment over Diana? What's really going on behind the royals' new £20,000 hedge  Two Afghans are arrested after 'trapping two girls in a swimming pool water-chute so they could sexually abuse them' in latest alleged migrant sex attack Ole Miss student, 21, HEADBUTTS a cop, breaking his nose, as he is taken into a cell for 'robbing a store clerk while high on new drug gravel'  Tara Palmer-Tomkinson's family reveal she 'died peacefully in her sleep' as heartbroken sister visits tragic socialite's £1.6million apartment  Woman, 80, was stopped by the TSA because her cane concealed a SWORD - and she had no idea How the West Wing was won: Kellyanne Conway dresses in head-to-toe leather day after travel ban ruling (and drops $6k on her boots and purse alone) 'He's gone. He's blue': Leaked recording of Fadi Fawaz's frantic 999 call reveals that George Michael's lover had 'been trying to wake the singer for an HOUR' before finally calling an ambulance  Alec Baldwin roasts Ivanka Trump during Tonight Show saying he bought his suit from her collection for '95 percent off' amid Nordstrom fiasco MOST READ IN DETAIL SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures Discounts My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Get ready for Apple's iWear! Apple could launch augmented reality glasses for the iPhone this year The device would show images and may use augmented reality  Snapchat launched its own video-camera sunglasses last year By Mark Prigg For Dailymail.com Published: 12:32 EST, 6 February 2017 | Updated: 14:24 EST, 6 February 2017 e-mail 56 shares View comments Apple may be moving into the world of augmented reality sooner than you think. A leading expert has claimed Apple's plans have been accelerated, meaning the firm could reveal its first AR glasses this year. It is believed the iPhone maker is working on lightweight glasses with a small display that would link to a user's iPhone. Scroll down for video  Apple looks like it may be moving into the world of augmented reality, by considering expanding into wearable glass headsets. Chief Executive Tim Cook, said earlier this year that the company would continue to invest a lot into augmented reality Robert Scoble, who shot to fame when he was pictured in the shower wearing Google's Glass, and is a respected blogger, made the predictions during the 'This Week in Tech' online show. Citing 'many sources' situated 'at the highest levels,' Scoble reiterated his previous speculation that Apple would release an augmented reality headset soon.  'This is Tim Cook's legacy,' Scoble said regarding a possible announcement.  'In fact, it's Steve Jobs's legacy too.' RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Could this be a way to reverse blindness? Revolutionary stem... The world's oldest SILK: Evidence of the luxury material is... The disturbing moment a wild monkey mounts a DEER and tries... Fascinating footage of a polar bear hunting seals is... Share this article Share 56 shares The blogger believes an announcement may be made as Applefinally moves into its new 'Spaceship'HQ later this year, or alongside the unveiling of the 10th anniversary of the iPhone in September, where the iPhone 8 is set to be unveiled. He said he expects a very lightweight pair of glasses, with the electronics on other places on your body, such as in an iPhone or other wearable. The wearable headset would connect wirelessly to iPhones and show information that is superimposed onto a user's view of the real world. The iPhone maker is believed to be working with Carl Zeiss on the project, which could go on sale this year.  As rumours continue to circulate about Apple's next move for its iOS systems, a new patent suggests augmented reality mapping could be underway. The app that could use the iPhone's sensors to generate real-time views of the surroundings with information superimposed THE END OF GOOGLE GLASS  Alphabet discontinued its own wearable glass headset, Google Glass, and closed the social media account linked to the device earlier this year. This ends its attempt to popularise the expensive devices with consumers. The device received plenty of attention when it was launched in 2012, but quickly ran into problems with its awkward appearance and privacy concerns over video recording.  'A Zeiss employee confirmed the rumors that Apple and Carl Zeiss AG are working on a light pair of augmented reality/mixed reality glasses that may be announced this year,' blogger Robert Scoble wrote.  'I thought it was next year but now that I saw this I believe it will happen this year.'  The firm has talked about the project with potential suppliers for Google Glass-style headsets.  A recent report by Bloomberg cites 'people familiar with the issue' who asked not to be identified.  . Chief Executive Tim Cook, who has been struggling with a slowdown in iPhone sales in recent quarters, said earlier this year that the company would continue to invest a lot into augmented reality (AR). Augmented reality is a tool that overlays digital information with the user's environment in real-time.  The glasses would be Apple's first product targeted directly at AR, according to the report.  The firm has built up its AR research through the acquisition of several firms, including PrimeSense, which developed motion-sensing technology in Microsoft's Kinect Gaming syste. 'AR can be really great, and we have been and continue to invest a lot in this,' Mr Cook said in a conference call with analysts.  'We are high on AR for the long run. We think there are great things for customers and a great commercial opportunity.' Alphabet Inc's discontinued its own wearable glass headset, Google Glass, and closed the social media account linked to the device earlier this year, ending its attempt to popularize the expensive devices with consumers Apple, the world's largest technology company, has ordered a small number of near-eye displays for testing but has not obtained enough for production on a larger scale, the report added. Apple declined to comment. The move would make Apple the latest technology company to venture into wearable glasses. Snap, an $18 billion (£14 billion) company which makes the popular messaging app Snapchat, also launched its own video-camera sunglasses last year Alphabet Inc's discontinued its own wearable glass headset, Google Glass, and closed the social media account linked to the device earlier this year, ending its attempt to popularize the expensive devices with consumers. The device received plenty of attention when it was launched in 2012, but quickly ran into problems with its awkward appearance and privacy concerns over video recording. Snap, an $18 billion (£14 billion) company which makes the popular messaging app Snapchat, also launched its own video-camera sunglasses last week.  As rumours continue to circulate about Apple's next move for its iOS systems, a new patent suggests augmented reality mapping could be underway. The firm was granted a patent for 'Augmented reality maps' last week, revealing an app that could use the iPhone's advanced sensors to generate real-time views of the user's surroundings with digital information superimposed. The system could even overlay directional indicators to the live video stream, visualising the course and any upcoming turns on the way to a given location, and letting the user know if they're facing the wrong direction.  Read more: Apple Considers Wearables Expansion With Digital Glasses - Bloomberg Update Your Browser | Facebook This Week in Tech 600 Bloviating Blowhards | TWiT Share or comment on this article e-mail 56 shares Most watched News videos Danielle Bregoli throws punches while boarding Spirit Airways Cameraman 'zooms in' on woman's breasts in 'see-through' swimsuit Caught on camera: Bystanders watch topless men fighting in street Moment Lindsay Hoyle and Alex Salmond scream at each other Danielle Bregoli discusses fighting a 'crack head' with her mom 'I don't take no s***': Bus driver kicks drunk man off bus Watch Barack Obama wipe out in kite surfing battle McConnell blocks Warren from reading letter from MLK's wife Footage shows hostile environment that Alexander Blackman endured Melissa McCarthy nails screeching Sean Spicer on SNL Danielle went viral after appearing on Dr Phil in 2016 Moment woman pops open her shirt by flexing her boobs Socialite Tara Palmer-Tomkinson, 45, dies at her London... 'She hit my mom and I need to whoop her right now:'... Barack Obam-AIR! New photos show former president... San Francisco transit janitor who makes more than $250K a... Woman accused of Photoshopping an engaged stranger's face... 'My intestines were out... and she was grabbing hold of... Snow could hit London TONIGHT and it's set to be a white... Chilling moment four women are stranded on a rock in the... Tara's devastating secret illness in her own words: How... Thinking of her breaststroke? Distracted cameraman... The astonishing moment a Zebra's head is left poking out... Bridge of sighs: Disgusted mother, 19, spots a couple... Visiting daddy at work! Ivanka shares sweet snap of her... New male contraceptive jab that works for TWO YEARS:... Iraqi girl, 10, is 'bitten to death' with medieval... Manchester City star John Stones splashes out £3.4million... Mother is sentenced to 16 years in prison for incest,... 92% of left-wing activists live with their parents and... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments (0) Share what you think We are no longer accepting comments on this article. Who is this week's top commenter? Find out now More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read The truth about supermarket salmon: It's come 22,000 miles from Alaska to your plate (via China, Suez and... Look up tonight! Stunning snow moon eclipse and a mysterious green comet are set to appear in the night sky Change your WhatsApp security settings NOW: App rolls out an extra level of privacy for your messages Can YOU identify these stars from just their lips? Scientists say plump pouts like the Kardashians' aren't... B-52 set for 'Star Wars' weapons upgrade: Veteran bomber could get laser pods to shoot incoming missiles out... Ancient signals from the early universe: Scientists calculate gravitational wave sources that appeared right... The 'selfie paradox': Study finds people hate looking at them on other people's feeds - but still post their... US Army reveals smart sight that could give EVERY soldier the aim of a supersniper The amazing 'wizard's hat' amoeba: Arcella gandalfi named after Lord of the Rings character Samsung's Galaxy S8 'infinity screen' revealed in new leaks: Photos show curved design and tiny bezels Samsung's Galaxy S8 to be launched in New York next month in two sizes  - and both will have curved screens 'They have given me freedom': The heartwarming moment a cerebral palsy sufferer who uses her iPhone and iPad... Why Tinder is 'evil but satisfying': Expert finds the fun of swiping doesn't always carry over into the... Forget Google Maps, radical swarm of 148 mini satellites set to capture a 50-trillion-pixel image of Earth... Finding the same things funny is the secret to satisfaction in a relationship, scientists say MORE HEADLINES Look up tonight! Stunning snow moon eclipse and a mysterious green comet are set to appear in the night sky Change your WhatsApp security settings NOW: App rolls out an extra level of privacy for your messages US Army reveals smart sight that could give EVERY soldier the aim of a supersniper The 'selfie paradox': Study finds people hate looking at them on other people's feeds - but still post their own Do YOU dread going into the office? Getting ill is the only time we feel worse than being at work Revealed: 3,000-year old footprints of children are found alongside rare painting fragments at the site of a mysterious Egyptian palace Samsung's Galaxy S8 to be launched in New York next month in two sizes  - and both will have curved screens Samsung's Galaxy S8 'infinity screen' revealed in new leaks: Photos show curved design and tiny bezels Mark Zuckerberg reveals Oculus virtual reality gloves that let you TYPE in thin air Why Tinder is 'evil but satisfying': Expert finds the fun of swiping doesn't always carry over into the real-world B-52 set for 'Star Wars' weapons upgrade: Veteran bomber could get laser pods to shoot incoming missiles out of the sky The rise of the LAT: Experts spot big rise in older adults choosing 'living apart together' and keeping their own homes Forget Google Maps, radical swarm of 148 mini satellites set to capture a 50-trillion-pixel image of Earth DAILY following Valentine's Day launch Apple may have stored 'deleted' Safari searches in iCloud: Glitch meant private data was shown across multiple devices Did a DOUBLE plume of magma wipe out the dinosaurs? Experts suggest a new theory for the historic mass extinction 65 million years ago MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Robin Thicke has emotional reunion with son under watchful eye of social worker as ex Paula Patton reluctantly hands him over in park Botox in her neck, an apple before every meal and lasers to wipe out knee wrinkles: How Christie Brinkley looks like this at 63  Ageless beauty All that glitters! Kylie Jenner flashes her midriff and legs in fringed gold crop top and matching skirt for Jeremy Scott's NYFW show You can't strut with us! Kendall Jenner, Bella Hadid and Hailey Baldwin make for a formidable fashion pack as they parade their way into the Fendi party Nicole Scherzinger puts on a busty display in cut-out blouse for night out at LA hotspot Catch Quite a catch Can a mattress help you have better sex? From keeping you cool to the perfect bounce, how your bed could hold the key to your love life SPONSORED Daddy's little girl! Tom Hanks' granddaughter's name revealed as the adorable tot steps out wearing an outfit picked out by father Chet  13 months old Daddy's biggest fan! Behati Prinsloo takes baby Dusty Rose to support Adam Levine as he is honored with star on Hollywood Walk of Fame 'The love of my life': Cassadee Pope announces engagement to Rian Dawson with sweet snap as she shows off huge diamond ring Sitting pretty: Charlie XCX shines in pink polka dots at the Variety Portrait Studio event with Noah Cyrus and Kat Graham Non-stop party Vanderpump Rules' Stassi Schroeder shows off her skivvies in sheer frock at Nicole Miller's NYFW runway show She sat front row at the show on Friday A vision in velvet! Jessie James Decker shows off her svelte figure in burgundy dress with thigh high boots for her Kittenish pop up shop Meow! Paris Hilton braves snow in quirky cat ear cap after walking the runway for New York Fashion Week Didn't let the snow ruin her trip  Lovebirds! Peter Facinelli and girlfriend Lily Anne Harrison pack on the PDA as they take a stroll in Los Angeles  Seems like things are still quite steamy Sealed with a kiss! Ariel Winter shares a cheeky peek with her gal pal after getting frisky with fires Locking lips at a Hollywood hotspot Shanina Shaik flashes MAJOR side boob in slinky black frock before celebrating 26th birthday with an adorable cake of her much-younger self  Look away Rob! Blac Chyna spotted without her engagement ring as she enjoys lunch date with a mystery man She did her best to keep a low profile Second-gen stunner! Andy Garcia's daughter Alessandra Garcia Lorido is a rising talent in the plus-size modeling world She is turning heads She was an American Girl! Kate Upton stuns in slinky silk ensemble at MusiCares event honoring Tom Petty She can't help but command the spotlight 'We are extremely happy': George Clooney's mom, Nina, gushes over what a 'great' dad her son will make as he and wife Amal expect twins She even stuns in sweats! Selena Gomez opts for comfort in cozy top and bell bottoms as she steps out in LA She looked gorgeous as ever New York minute! Romee Strijd steps out in super short skirt showing off long legs during chilly fashion week Braving the cold weather Forget something? Allison Williams wows in sparkly black blazer with no BRA at Get Out premiere in Los Angeles Seems to have forgotten an item of clothing Hailey Baldwin rocks rose colored glasses and leather for RtA FW 2017 presentation at New York Fashion Week Making a name for herself EXCLUSIVE: 'I was scared to come back because of my beliefs': Lindsay Lohan on returning to the US while studying Islam and wanting to meet Trump Coffee and cigarettes: Fresh faced Frenchwoman Vanessa Paradis stops to smoke after enjoying lunch with friends Johnny Depp's ex 'The older that you get ... less is more!': Makeup enthusiast Kim Zolciak touts virtues of using fewer cosmetics She's regularly seen with a fully made up face 'We're famous, Daddy!' Nick Cannon reveals his struggle to keep five-year-old twins with Mariah Carey grounded The America's Got Talent host spoke out 'So excited to shoot with women of all sizes!' Ashley Graham flaunts her cleavage in sizzling salsa-themed ad for her swimsuit line She's proud of her figure 'I could die': Mama June Shannon vows there is a 'skinnier person inside' her as she undergoes surgery in new From Not to Hot trailer Kim Kardashian works out with her sisters in LA while husband Kanye West prepares for fashion week in NYC Sweat session with Kourtney and Khloe Kourtney Kardashian shows off her pins in black leggings as she chats on the phone while running errands Spotted out and about in Los Angeles Nice puppies! Lena Dunham dons bold striped frock as she makes Tonight Show appearance with two cute furry guests Canine companions 'Babes!' Gwen Stefani gushes about beau Blake Shelton and pal Adam Levine as the Maroon 5 singer gets a star on the Hollywood Walk Of Fame 'You want to introduce some fear!' Tim McGraw reveals he scares his and Faith Hill's daughters' dates with a sledgehammer  Scary dad Big city pretty! Snooki, JWOWW and Christina Milian get dolled up at NYFW celebrity beauty bar They were seen getting their glam on Busting out! Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi flaunts VERY ample cleavage in bizarre video announcement for new movie Mischa Barton steps out for a rainy day drive in her convertible...one day after 'drinking and smoking until 3am' at West Hollywood bar Out with a friend Can't rain on her parade! Kelly Rowland braves LA downpour to celebrate birthday in showstopping beaded ensemble 36th birthday 'How pretty is this is?': Eva Longoria shares romantic Valentine's Day balloon display she made for husband Jose Bastón Loved-up That's not Selena Gomez! The Weeknd hits pre-Grammy party in LA with former Miss USA Rima Fakih...who's the spitting image of his girlfriend Well, it's not ALWAYS the happiest place on Earth! Drew Barrymore recalls her daughter Olive's spectacular tantrums at Disney World Ivanka, Jared and their three children take their first flight on Air Force One to Mar-a-Lago as she carries purse and wears shoes from her own embattled label Bella Thorne wears lacy crop top to join mystery man on double-date bike ride with sister Dani Thorne and boyfriend in LA Found someone new? Diane Kruger looks beautiful in blue as she joins Adriana Lima with a leggy display on front row at Jason Wu's New York Fashion Week show 'She's our guardian angel now': Katie Holmes' puts on a brave face at Fashion Week as she reveals her grandmother passed away  Naughty but nice! LeAnn Rimes sizzles in a black dress with a plunging, laced up neckline for pre-Grammys event Racy outfit The Crown creator is 'thinking about recasting everybody' as the plot progresses... meaning Matt Smith and Claire Foy would no longer star in the hit drama Looking tan-dy! Olivia Culpo and Madison Beer don color-coordinating outfits for Cushnie Et Ochs NYFW show Very similar color palettes Babymoon time! Whitney Port and husband jet out on vacation after the Hills star announced pregnancy    Expecting their first child Courtney Stodden makes out with a mystery man before revealing she has split from husband Doug Hutchison, 56 Blonde reality star is 22 Duggars welcomes 'son' Tyler to the family while celebrating his birthday three months after Jim Bob and Michelle were declared his legal guardians Lena Dunham bares midriff in crop top tracksuit after discussing her Trump diet again and how she 'drops weight with every move he makes' Amber Rose and Val Chmerkovskiy 'split' almost five months after falling in love on Dancing With The Stars  Reportedly 'just too different' New York's her runway! Kendall Jenner parades much shorter haircut as she struts around town during fashion week New hair 'It's truly a miracle': Family rejoice as Jamie Lynn Spears' daughter Maddie, 8, LEAVES hospital six days after girl almost died after flipping ATV into a pond Brielle Biermann enjoys a sweet early Valentine's Day celebration with boyfriend Michael Kopech and wins 'best girlfriend' award Bumping along nicely! Ciara protectively strokes her belly on casual outing in Beverly Hills Her dress emphasized her baby bump The Boy from Oz! Actor Hugh Jackman reveals that he STILL gets excited by snow despite years in the US as he braves New York snowstorm Rita Ora only has 'positive energy' for ex Rob Kardashian after he welcomes a baby with Blac Chyna... despite infamous Twitter spat following their ugly split Kate Upton looks prim and proper in pearls and blouse at LAX following claims of 'diva' behavior over Sports Illustrated shoot Classy look Drew Barrymore's ex Will Kopelman takes daughters for stroll with female companion... after actress admits their divorce was her 'worst nightmare' Katy Perry on why she's 'given up' caring what people think about her quirky style Used to spend hours reading comments about her appearance  How the West Wing was won: Kellyanne Conway dresses in head-to-toe leather day after travel ban ruling (and drops $6k on her boots and purse alone) Getting ready to roll! Irina Shayk shows bump in sweatshirt as she prepares for her little one's arrival with another driving lesson Bradley Cooper girlfriend Chelsea Clinton and husband Marc take son on an afternoon trip to gourmet food emporium after a morning at a fashion show DENYING she'd run for senate Trailer for 'racist' Netflix series Dear White People 'gets a million dislikes in just ONE day' - and sparks customer revolt  Backlash over show Trans teen Jazz Jennings is set to get her own DOLL as toy company announces the debut of 'genderless' toy made in the 16 year old's likeness Oh, what beautiful morning! Leighton Meester, Camilla Belle and Victoria Justice flock to Russian Tea Room for Kate Spade NYFW show 'He's gone. He's blue': Fadi Fawaz's frantic 999 call reveals that lover had 'been trying to wake George Michael for an hour' before calling  Call has been leaked Emotional fans praise Michael Bublé's new video about 'everlasting love'... as he makes his musical comeback amid his son Noah's cancer battle Next generation! Sofia Richie shows off her modeling chops as she gets VERY close to Anwar Hadid in Tommy Hilfiger's sultry new denim campaign Should Jamie Oliver be holding his baby so close to the cooker? Parenting expert's warning over photo of chef with his baby son River Rocket Effortlessly chic! Model Jessica Hart flashes a hint of cleavage as she goes BRALESS in plunging black outfit at New York Fashion Week The 30-year-old Aussie  'Your job is to get naked and say lines!' Debra Messing reveals  top director pressured her to do nude scene - after insisting she needed a nose job It's all in the wrist! Celebrity hairstylist Justine Marjan details the secrets to how she achieves perfectly lived-in waves on clients like Khloe Kardashian Family trip! Charlize Theron heads through LAX with her mother and her children Jackson and August South African actress adopted both kids Youthful looking Nicole Kidman, 49, flashes a hint of skin in a quirky polka dot dress with a thigh-high split as she attends Lion premiere in Paris Postcard from paradise: Kim Kardashian shares personal photo album of her wet and wild waterfall adventure in Costa Rica  While Kate Spade unveils a Parisian-inspired 2017 collection with the help of Victoria Justice, Tanya Taylor serves up pieces for the modern gal Oh so chic! Olivia Culpo and Nicky Hilton turn heads in black at white at LANYU Couture runway show Taking in New York Fashion Week Alec Baldwin roasts Ivanka Trump during Tonight Show saying he bought his suit from her collection for '95 per cent off' amid Nordstrom fiasco Putting their money where their mouth is: Celebs go on shopping sprees at Nordstrom after Trump bashed retailer for dropping Ivanka's clothing line Keanu Reeves looks dapper in a navy suit as he attends the gala screening of his latest flick John Wick in London Plays a brutal assassin  Richard Gere, 67, and girlfriend Alejandra Silva, 33, pucker up on the red carpet as they put on a besotted display at the Berlin Film Festival 'I thought about it and I was wrong!' D&G designer Stefano Gabbana backtracks after body-shaming Lady Gaga following her Super Bowl show Color in Kate! Kensington Palace joins the crayon craze with a book of the Duchess of Cambridge's outfits that is flying off the shelves  Features 31 outfits Kate and Wills planning a third baby? Harry and Meghan's engagement? Charles facing new embarrassment over Diana? What's going on behind the new hedge  How Fergie's now calling herself Margaret York and trying to run a business empire from a hotel bar  Sarah Ferguson is going by her middle name Prince Harry's ex Cressida Bonas cuts a demure figure in white dress as she cozies up to Olga Kurylenko at Harvey Weinstein's pre-BAFTA bash Hang on Sloopy rocker is charged with taking a loaded gun in his carry-on bag on a Delta flight to Atlanta Rick Derringer was flying from Cancun, Mexico Fancy seeing you here! Lily-Rose Depp bumps into her pal Tallulah Willis at popular LA lunch spot Two friends and daughters of A-listers  Movie theater says it won't let men in to watch Fifty Shades Darker 'until we see if women can control themselves'  Arousing passions Baby's first Chanel: Rob Kardashian posts sweet snap of baby Dream wearing designer outfit as she turns three months old Adorable photo  Trainspotting 2's Anjela Nedyalkova looks leggy in a nude semi-sheer minidress in Berlin... after getting naked with Ewan McGregor in steamy scenes Love you, baby! Maksim Chmerkovskiy kisses Peta Murgatroyd at fashion show as they take a night off parent duty one month after birth of son  Blondes have more fun! Allison Williams shows off platinum hair at LA screening of Get Out with director Jordan Peele and co-stars The Girls star, 28. Millie Bobby Brown joins the A-list front row fashion set at Calvin Klein after being named the new face of the brand at just 12 The Stranger Things star Ivanka's new life in DC: Visits to her kids' new schools, Flywheel classes, meetings with Mark Zuckerberg's wife and weekly date nights with husband Jared 'We connected really quickly:' Gigi Hadid reveals she tried struggled to play it cool after falling hard for Zayn when they first met Chatting on Ellen show   Revenge is best served HOT! Khloe Kardashian proudly models her ripped body in mirror selfie after officially dropping Odom from her name EXCLUSIVE: Anna Nicole's bodyguard 'Big Moe' tells how he frantically tried to revive her and admits he and star's inner circle were 'enablers'  Golden girls! Gwyneth Paltrow and Sarah Jessica Parker rock autumnal colors for Calvin Klein's Fall Winter show at New York Fashion Week Not wanted! NeNe Leakes jets out of New York amid claims RHOA co-stars are angry she's returning with Kim Zolciak Tensions are rising 'She threw me off!': Maria Shriver gets flustered after Lena Dunham says the word penis during live interview on Today show Things didn't go to plan 'It's been a double whammy': Whoopi Goldberg says she didn't realize how much she depended on her mother and brother as she discusses their deaths  Fifty Shades of Demure! Dakota Johnson cuts a casual figure in chic fur-trimmed coat as she jets out of London for her next movie premiere EXCLUSIVE Drake spends a whopping $750 on chicken takeouts in a late night visit to Leeds branch of Nando's fast food restaurant in England 'There was a baby boom!' Jamie Dornan admits erotic Fifty Shades sex scenes with Dakota Johnson led to pregnancy surge The hunky Irish actor Take a bow! Solange Knowles shows off a hint of cleavage in quirky plunging blazer at the Black Women in Music event in Hollywood  Beyonce's sister, 30 How Kate took ten years off her face: The Duchess has ditched her heavy eyeliner, and matte foundation since turning 35 (and looks a decade younger) So wild! Sofia Vergara wears zebra print blouse as she films Modern Family with Ed O'Neill Showing off some cleavage while playing Gloria  Shia LaBeouf's anti-Trump museum exhibit is shut down after becoming a 'flashpoint for violence' The actor's He Will Not Divide Us exhibit  Managers threatening to sue Blac Chyna for $3m target producers of her reality show with Rob Kardashian They've sent cease and desist letters Rosie O'Donnell transforms into Trump's adviser Steve Bannon on her Twitter profile after volunteering for SNL role Stunning likeness Naomie Harris is the picture of elegance in checked pants and chic white coat as she makes glamorous arrival at Calvin Klein NYFW show Suddenly shy? Rita Ora wraps up in an oversized shearling coat after flashing sexy underboob at Fifty Shades Darker premiere in London Can YOU identify these stars from their lips? Scientists say plump pouts like Kardashians' aren't the most desirable while Taylor Swift has perfect pair Getting a gift for the grandkids? Amal Clooney's mom Baria is pictured going into a children's bookstore as it's revealed A-listers are expecting twins PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tyga's ex Demi Rose sizzles in racy red lace lingerie for sexy Valentine's Day shoot as she reveals plans to move to America Tara Palmer-Tomkinson's family reveal she 'died peacefully in her sleep' as heartbroken sister visits tragic socialite's London apartment  Making an entrance! Fans go wild as The Bold and The Beautiful stars led by Jacqueline MacInnes Wood and Don Diamont make trip Down Under  Chelsea Handler mocks Trump and Ivanka by posing outside the White House clutching Nordstrom bags The talk show queen Charli Sexy-X! Popstar puts on very busty display in plunging bralet and tiny shorts as she performs new single on Jimmy Kimmel Live Flashed plenty of skin  When she's feeling blue: Selma Blair flaunts her legs in a patterned mini dress and matching pajama-style ensemble as she mixed up her look throughout the day Awkward! Suits stars Rick Hoffman and Sarah Rafferty look uncomfortable as they dodge TV show question about Meghan Markle and Prince Harry  NY Giants star Odell Beckham Jr is robbed of shoes, cash and jewelry after 'leaving a bag at a friend's house in Houston' during the Super Bowl 'Well today was a bit warm!' Pia Muehlenbeck flaunts her bikini body at the beach in scorching hot Sydney  The 25-year-old lawyer turned Instagram model  LEAFing little to the imagination! Charlotte McKinney flaunts her eye-popping cleavage in a sheer top as she accessorizes with a quirky clutch 'Sadder than any break-up': Lena Dunham talks about final season of her hit show Girls in candid chat on Inside The Actors Studio An emotional time Save the breast for last! Courtney Stodden sizzles in plunging bodysuit as she showcases major sideboob at pre-Grammys bash in LA Sheer daring! Kendall Jenner bares pert derriere in see-through gown as she hits catwalk for La Perla NYFW show Turning heads 'Amal's twins and Beyonce's twins will sit on the thrones of Narnia': Twitter reacts to George Clooney baby news Very exciting news Peekaboo! Emily Ratajkowski flashes side boob while Hailey Baldwin shows off her pert derriere at New York Fashion Week The stunning models  Richard Gere and his co-star Laura Linney cozy up to each other on the red carpet for The Dinner at the 67th Berlinale International Film Festival Good genes! Kelsey and Camille Grammer's daughter Mason, 15, struts her stuff on catwalk for NYFW It looks like talent runs in the family She's gone all Sporty Spice: Victoria Beckham wears head to toe Adidas in support to brand ambassador husband David following email hacking scandal Delighted Matt Damon reveals he was close to tears after George Clooney told him Amal's twin pregnancy secret when she was just 8 weeks along 'I'm in love!': Kourtney Kardashian bonds with niece Dream... and Penelope gets a squeeze in too Enamored with her brother Rob's daughter Aidan Turner puffs away on a cigarette before he resumes filming with Eleanor Tomlinson for Poldark season three The hit PBS show Fresh fears for Mischa Barton as she is seen drinking, smoking and partying until 3am just weeks after shocking 'meltdown'  Pictured drinking Little Mix singer Jade Thirlwall shows off enviably slender figure in racy tour costume... hours after bandmate Jesy Nelson flaunted her abs in saucy underwear  Katie Holmes shimmies up a storm in her fringed Marchesa frock at red-themed NYFW event Whipped her fringed frock into a frenzy Sister summit! TV siblings Jessica Biel, Beverley Mitchell, and Mackenzie Rosman meet up for 7th Heaven reunion It's been ten years  Brit bombshells! Suki Waterhouse goes braless in perilously plunging jumpsuit while Lottie Moss parades her toned legs in sexy mini dress for fashion event 'I have a right to make that judgment': The Bachelor's Nick Viall defends decision to keep free-spirit Corinne on the show Fiery words Bite me! Ariana Grande's brother Frankie chomps on chain as he storms down the runway in head-to-toe glitter during New York Fashion Week  Red hot! Iskra Lawrence displays her sensational curves in figure-hugging scarlet frock as she arrives at star-studded charity catwalk during NYFW Larry Birkhead says daughter Dannielynn is 'fearless' just like her mother Anna Nicole Smith as he opens up about the model on 10th anniversary of her death Kourtney Kardashian meets up with ex Scott Disick after reality star parties poolside with ladies in Miami Spotted at an office in West Hollywood 'I was very much the same': Khloe Kardashian empathizes with 'ride or die' Tiffany Morgan on Revenge Body Reality star's new show From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Affordable, robust and surprisingly responsive: Samsung's Galaxy A5 With the eagerly awaited Galaxy S8 having been pushed back, South Korea-based Samsung has plugged the gap with the Samsung Galaxy A5, a high-end device with a mid-range price tag. Is it really worth paying £280 for Nintendo's Switch? MailOnline's verdict While the design is impressive and easy to use, the game line up is disappointing. Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The iPad grows up: Apple's iPad Pro The iPad Pro is, for many, a real laptop replacement - and a way to combine work and play in a gadget that will last all day and won't break your back to carry. 'A glimpse into the future of the living room': The new Apple TV Apple says apps are the future of TV, and while its new $149 box does have some issues, its combination of streaming services, games and other apps make it the best way to make your TV smart. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story 'I love all my moms': Hundreds of polygamists led by the family from 'Sister Wives' descend on steps of Utah Capitol to demand the legal right to plural marriage 90 comments 1 video SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
TechRepublic Search GO CXO Cloud Big Data Security Innovation More Software Data Centers Networking Startups Tech & Work All Topics Sections: Photos Videos All Writers Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Editions: US United States Australia United Kingdom Japan Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Membership Membership My Profile People Subscriptions My stuff Preferences Send a message Log Out TechRepublic Search GO Topics: CXO Cloud Big Data Security Innovation Software Data Centers Networking Startups Tech & Work All Topics Sections: Photos Videos All Writers Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Editions: US United States Australia United Kingdom Japan Membership Membership My Profile People Subscriptions My stuff Preferences Send a message Log Out Cloud How to use iCloud to migrate files between Macs There's more than one way to transfer files to a new Mac, and Apple's iCloud offers a quick and easy option. Here's a walk-through of the process. By Erik Eckel | February 6, 2017, 2:18 PM PST RSS Comments Facebook Linkedin Twitter More Email Print Reddit Delicious Digg Pinterest Stumbleupon Google Plus Image: Erik Eckel Seasoned Mac users are likely familiar with iCloud Drive, Apple's cloud-based file storage feature that enables storing documents, spreadsheets, presentations, photos, audio recordings, videos, and other files. Users less familiar with Macs, iCloud, and Apple IDs might enjoy learning that iCloud also permits sharing and moving such files among multiple devices, including iPads, iPhones, and Macs. Users only need to log in to iCloud on a corresponding device and enable iCloud Drive. Here's a quick walk-through for those new to Macs or unfamiliar with iCloud. SEE: Apple iCloud: The smart person's guide (TechRepublic) iCloud requires an Apple ID Must-Read Cloud Microsoft offers free Windows 10 upgrades to certain customers Video: The hybrid cloud 'condition,' and what Amazon is doing to address it How Mark Shuttleworth became the first African in space and launched a software revolution (PDF download) Subscribe to our Cloud Insights newsletter Before you can log in to and leverage an iCloud account to store files in the cloud and migrate files between Macs, you need an Apple ID, a personal account created with Apple that enables integrated operation of Apple's App Store, iTunes Store, iCloud, iMessage, FaceTime, and more on a Mac, as well as iPhones and iPads. Apple IDs are free. One quick recommendation: Once you create an Apple ID, be sure to implement two-factor authentication to help keep the account secure. Enabling iCloud on a Mac Now that you have an Apple ID, enabling iCloud operation on a Mac is straightforward. Open System Preferences either from the Mac's Dock or by opening Finder, selecting Applications from the left-pane Favorites menu, and double-clicking System Preferences. Next, select iCloud. Enter your Apple ID credentials. iCloud permits specifying which applications can access iCloud directly for file access and storage. Apple, Inc. With iCloud enabled, users can access files stored within the cloud via Finder. The iCloud Drive option appears within Finder's left-pane navigation window. Using Finder, files can be migrated between Macs by dragging the files from an old Mac into the iCloud Drive directory, enabling iCloud Drive on the new Mac, and configuring iCloud to leverage the user's same Apple ID within iCloud on the new Mac. If a user commonly stores files directly within the iCloud directory, on the new Mac, a user just needs to enable iCloud, log in to iCloud using the same Apple ID on the new Mac, and the files will appear within the iCloud directory in Finder. Alternatively, users may choose to only associate certain files and applications with iCloud. With iCloud open in System Preferences, clicking the Options button opens the iCloud options window, from which specific applications and services can be enabled (by checking the corresponding box) or disabled (by deselecting the corresponding box). Select the choices you wish to use, and then click the Done button when you're finished. Using iCloud, Apple users can specify which applications and features receive iCloud integration. Apple, Inc. Additional iCloud information In the event a Mac user wishes to access iCloud files using an iPhone, iPad, or Windows system, the process should be quick and easy; Apple maintains iPad and iPhone instructions and Windows system steps on its website. Any files created or edited by an iPad, iPhone, or Windows system that are stored within iCloud become available to a new Mac, once mated to the iCloud account, including for purposes of migrating files to the new system. iCloud is a time-saving feature that simplifies file migration between multiple devices, while also adding cloud-based backup assurance. If a Mac's hard drive fails, for example, files stored in iCloud will be available on the replacement system, once mated to the corresponding iCloud account. With 5 GB of free storage, and 50 GB of additional storage space available for just $0.99 a month, iCloud offers compelling cloud services value that eases daily computer tasks, while also simplifying the burdens of migrating files and deploying new systems. To get more tips about iCloud, iOS, and macOS, subscribe to our Apple Weekly newsletter. Subscribe Also see Set up iCloud on all your devices (Apple) iPhone lock: Did hackers drive Apple to kill iCloud activation checker? (ZDNet) How to migrate settings, printers, and networks between Macs (TechRepublic) How to migrate applications between Macs (TechRepublic) How to transfer data between Macs with Migration Assistant (CNET) End-of-the-year cleanup checklist for Macs (TechRepublic) Data Backup Policy (Tech Pro Research) Comments Facebook Linkedin Twitter More Email Print Reddit Delicious Digg Pinterest Stumbleupon Google Plus About Erik Eckel Erik Eckel owns and operates two technology companies. As a managing partner with Louisville Geek, he works daily as an IT consultant to assist small businesses in overcoming technology challenges and maximizing IT investments. He is also president o... Full Bio Contact See all of Erik's content Google+ erikeckel × Full Bio Erik Eckel owns and operates two technology companies. As a managing partner with Louisville Geek, he works daily as an IT consultant to assist small businesses in overcoming technology challenges and maximizing IT investments. He is also president of Eckel Media Corp., a communications company specializing in public relations and technical authoring projects. Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Editor's Picks Inside Amazon's clickworker platform: How half a million people are paid pennies to train AI How K9s became a secret weapon for solving high-tech crimes How driverless cars will be the first robots we learn to trust #WeAreNotWaiting: Diabetics are hacking their health Latest From Tech Pro Research Quick glossary: Robotics Hiring kit: Data architect Drug and alcohol abuse policy Enterprise IoT Research 2017: Benefits, Trends, and Security Concerns Services About Us Membership Newsletters RSS Feeds Site Map Site Help & Feedback FAQ Advertise Reprint Policy Explore Blogs Downloads TechRepublic Forums Meet the Team Tech Pro Research Resource Library Photos Videos © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement A ZDNet site | Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBS InteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundClickerCNETCollege NetworkGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTech Pro ResearchTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Feb 11, 4:09 AM EST Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology Apple iPhone 8 Production To Start Earlier Than Expected, But September Release Date Will Not Be Changed By Corazon Victorino On 02/06/17 AT 6:33 PM Close Apple is known for sticking with its timetable for production and releases of its products. But as the Cupertino giant celebrates 10 years of its famous smartphone this year, the company could also be making some changes with regard to the production of its upcoming iPhones. New information from a research firm is now suggesting that Samsung’s biggest rival could start production of the iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus earlier than the usual.  On Monday, boutique research firm BlueFin Research Partners wrote about a strong indication that Apple could be commencing production of its new iPhones earlier than expected. “Early indication AAPL trying to pull in next generation iPhone builds as much as possible,” the firm wrote, according to Barron’s Tech Trader Daily. “The most intriguing data points that we have uncovered suggests that AAPL is ramping the next generation iPhones earlier than historical norms.” The firm now believes that production will ramp up in June, which is earlier than the usual.   Despite the possible change in Apple’s production timetable, BlueFin noted that there is no credible information to prove that Apple could be moving the release of the iPhone 8 models to an earlier date. “We have no indication that there has been any change in release plans for the iPhone 8/X,” the firm explained. BlueFin also mentioned the decrease in production of the current iPhones — iPhone 7, 7 Plus and SE — as a clear sign that Apple is already preparing for the launch of its new iPhones.  Related Stories Apple Launches New Betas Save For New macOS 10.12.4 Build New iOS 10.3 Beta Comes With App Store Changes Apple's Maps App Updated With New Orleans Transit Data According to MacRumors, the earlier production will be beneficial to Apple as this would give the company enough time to improve yield rates and address manufacturing problems should any surface along the way. On the whole, this move is expected to ensure that Apple will have better supply of its iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus smartphones by the time they are officially launched to the public this September.  As previously reported, Apple is skipping iPhone 7s and iPhone 7s Plus to release the iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus in celebration of the smartphone series’ 10th anniversary. Just like the current models, the new iPhones will not come with the 3.5mm audio jack. There are also rumors of a significant redesign on the device’s display that would make it stand out from its competitors.  Join the Discussion Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Business US Companies Continue Moving Jobs To Mexico Despite the threats of a 35 percent tariff, American companies are moving forward to lay off hundreds of US jobs. Technology Leaked Branding Hints At Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus A popular tech informant has shared the name of one of the Galaxy S8 models. World Snowden Says Report Proves He Never Spied For Russia Edward Snowden, who was given refuge in Russia in 2013, is facing espionage charges in the U.S. for leaking documents about secret mass surveillance programs. National Dossier On Trump-Russia Ties Gaining Credibility: Report While people didn't take the documents seriously when they first came to light, a large number are reassessing their stance following Trump’s stand on Russia during his campaign. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: muscatinejournal.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $10.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Customer Service Subscribe Sections e-Edition Customer Service Contact Us Subscriptions Place an ad News Crime Opinion Sports Submit news Calendar Hometown Sports High school College Entertainment Games & Puzzles People Weekly Ads Classifieds Business Directory Jobs Cars Real Estate Place an ad Newspaper Ads Special sections Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 34° Muscatine, IA (52761) Today Intervals of clouds and sunshine in the morning with more clouds for later in the day. High 52F. Winds NE at 5 to 10 mph.. Tonight Cloudy. Slight chance of a shower throughout the evening. Low 33F. Winds NNW at 10 to 20 mph. Updated: February 11, 2017 @ 2:55 am Full Forecast Obits Opinion Local Crime & Courts Classifieds Sports Close 1 of 7 Alexander F. Yuan Iranian bioengineering researcher Nima Enayati walks out of a gate after arriving at John F. Kennedy International Airport in New York, Sunday, Feb. 5, 2017. The Ph.D. candidate at a university in Milan, was prevented from boarding a flight to the U.S. on Jan. 30. He had a visa to conduct research on robotic surgery at Stanford University in California. (AP Photo/Alexander F. Yuan) Alex Sanz Nazanin Zinouri, 29, is greeted at the Greenville-Spartanburg International Airport in Greer, S.C., with kisses from her dog Dexter and well-wishers holding signs reading "Welcome Home" on Monday, Feb. 6, 2017. Zinouri, an Iranian engineer and Clemson University graduate, had been unable to return to the United States because of the executive order President Donald Trump signed that limited travel to the U.S. from seven Muslim-majority countries. (AP Photo/Alex Sanz) HONS This photo provided by Airbnb shows a still image from the company's Super Bowl 51 spot. Airbnb is following up its Super Bowl ad calling for acceptance with a campaign to provide short-term housing over the next five years for 100,000 people in need. An announcement on the rental service's website says it plans to start with refugees, disaster survivors and relief workers, but wants "to accommodate many more types of displaced people over time." (Airbnb via AP) Jeff Chiu FILE - In this April 19, 2016, file photo, Airbnb co-founder and CEO Brian Chesky speaks during an event in San Francisco. Airbnb is following up its Super Bowl ad on Feb. 5, 2017, calling for acceptance with a campaign to provide short-term housing over the next five years for 100,000 people in need. (AP Photo/Jeff Chiu, File) Russell Contreras Sen. Tom Udall, D-New Mexico, speaks to immigrant rights advocates at the New Mexico Statehouse in Santa Fe, N.M., Monday, Feb. 6, 2017. Udall told advocates on Monday that President Donald Trump's travel ban on seven Muslim-majority countries is "illegal and unconstitutional" and vowed to fight it with other Democratic senators. (AP Photo/Russell Contreras) Russell Contreras Sen. Tom Udall, D-N.M, right, speaks to an immigrant rights advocate at the statehouse in Santa Fe, N.M., Monday, Feb. 6, 2017. Udall told advocates on Monday that President Donald Trump's travel ban on seven Muslim-majority countries is "illegal and unconstitutional" and vowed to fight it with other Democratic senators. (AP Photo/Russell Contreras) Elaine Thompson Isahaq Ahmed Rabi, left, smiles as he stands with his wife during a news conference shortly after Rabi's arrival Monday, Feb. 6, 2017, at Seattle Tacoma International Airport, in SeaTac, Wash. Rabi was blocked from entry to the U.S. last week due to President Donald Trump's immigration order. Rabi is a citizen of Somalia. His wife is a U.S. citizen. (AP Photo/Elaine Thompson) AP Tech firms take stand against travel ban, risking backlash By MAE ANDERSON and MICHAEL LIEDTKE AP Technology Writers Feb 6, 2017 Updated Feb 6, 2017 0 Alexander F. Yuan Iranian bioengineering researcher Nima Enayati walks out of a gate after arriving at John F. Kennedy International Airport in New York, Sunday, Feb. 5, 2017. The Ph.D. candidate at a university in Milan, was prevented from boarding a flight to the U.S. on Jan. 30. He had a visa to conduct research on robotic surgery at Stanford University in California. (AP Photo/Alexander F. Yuan) Alex Sanz Nazanin Zinouri, 29, is greeted at the Greenville-Spartanburg International Airport in Greer, S.C., with kisses from her dog Dexter and well-wishers holding signs reading "Welcome Home" on Monday, Feb. 6, 2017. Zinouri, an Iranian engineer and Clemson University graduate, had been unable to return to the United States because of the executive order President Donald Trump signed that limited travel to the U.S. from seven Muslim-majority countries. (AP Photo/Alex Sanz) HONS This photo provided by Airbnb shows a still image from the company's Super Bowl 51 spot. Airbnb is following up its Super Bowl ad calling for acceptance with a campaign to provide short-term housing over the next five years for 100,000 people in need. An announcement on the rental service's website says it plans to start with refugees, disaster survivors and relief workers, but wants "to accommodate many more types of displaced people over time." (Airbnb via AP) Jeff Chiu FILE - In this April 19, 2016, file photo, Airbnb co-founder and CEO Brian Chesky speaks during an event in San Francisco. Airbnb is following up its Super Bowl ad on Feb. 5, 2017, calling for acceptance with a campaign to provide short-term housing over the next five years for 100,000 people in need. (AP Photo/Jeff Chiu, File) Russell Contreras Sen. Tom Udall, D-New Mexico, speaks to immigrant rights advocates at the New Mexico Statehouse in Santa Fe, N.M., Monday, Feb. 6, 2017. Udall told advocates on Monday that President Donald Trump's travel ban on seven Muslim-majority countries is "illegal and unconstitutional" and vowed to fight it with other Democratic senators. (AP Photo/Russell Contreras) Russell Contreras Sen. Tom Udall, D-N.M, right, speaks to an immigrant rights advocate at the statehouse in Santa Fe, N.M., Monday, Feb. 6, 2017. Udall told advocates on Monday that President Donald Trump's travel ban on seven Muslim-majority countries is "illegal and unconstitutional" and vowed to fight it with other Democratic senators. (AP Photo/Russell Contreras) Elaine Thompson Isahaq Ahmed Rabi, left, smiles as he stands with his wife during a news conference shortly after Rabi's arrival Monday, Feb. 6, 2017, at Seattle Tacoma International Airport, in SeaTac, Wash. Rabi was blocked from entry to the U.S. last week due to President Donald Trump's immigration order. Rabi is a citizen of Somalia. His wife is a U.S. citizen. (AP Photo/Elaine Thompson) SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — Through a Super Bowl ad, public statements and court filings, Silicon Valley's biggest companies are taking a strong stand against President Donald Trump's travel ban, saying high tech needs immigrants' creativity and energy to stay competitive. Although the companies are risking a backlash from customers who side with Trump, they say the pushback is necessary for an industry dependent on thousands of highly skilled foreign workers. About 58 percent of the engineers and other high-skill employees in Silicon Valley were born outside the U.S., according to the Silicon Valley Leadership Group, an industry trade group. "Immigration and innovation go hand in hand," said Carl Guardino, the group's CEO. "This cuts so deeply into the bone and marrow of what fuels the innovation economy that very few CEOs feel the luxury of sitting on the sidelines. So people are going to stand up and speak up." The tech industry contends there aren't enough Americans with the specialized skills these companies need. Though critics contend that companies favor immigrants because they can pay them less, tech companies argue that the ban would pressure them to move some operations abroad. "A lot of these companies will really struggle if all of a sudden we turn off the spigot," said Greg Morrisett, dean of computing and information sciences at Cornell University. In a court filing Sunday against the ban, 97 companies, including such major tech players as Google, Apple, Microsoft, eBay, Netflix, Facebook and Twitter, also spoke of the entrepreneurial spirit of "people who choose to leave everything that is familiar and journey to an unknown land to make a new life." Google CEO Sundar Pichai and Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella both came from India. Google co-founder Sergey Brin is a Russian refugee who moved to the U.S. as a boy. The father of Apple's late co-founder, Steve Jobs, immigrated from Syria. Tech worker Ehsaan Taeb, 28, said his whole family is in Iran and knowing his parents won't be able to visit him has added stress to his life. But seeing his company and other tech companies taking a stand against the ban has heartened him, he said. "When you see your employer and other companies make that kind of effort, that makes me feel very supported and in a community that's thoughtful and caring," said Taeb, who works in support at Checkr, a software company that provides background checks for businesses. The Silicon Valley Leadership Group estimates that half the companies in the region were co-founded by an immigrant or are now led by a CEO from outside the U.S. In signing an executive order Jan. 27 that would temporarily ban people from seven Muslim-majority countries, Trump said he was trying to protect Americans by preventing terrorists from slipping into the country. The administration says the president has the constitutional authority to decide who can enter. During the Super Bowl, several companies ran ads that promoted diversity and inclusion, as marketers tried to reach both sides of a consumer base roiled by the election. One of the most overtly political was from Airbnb, a company that matches travelers with places to stay. The San Francisco company showed close-ups of people with different ethnicities. A narrator says: "We believe no matter who you are, where you're from, who you love or who you worship, we all belong. The world is more beautiful the more you accept." Airbnb followed up with a campaign to provide short-term housing over the next five years for 100,000 people in need, starting with refugees, disaster survivors and relief workers. The company also said it will donate $4 million over four years to the International Rescue Committee, joining many tech brethren in making financial contributions. Google set up a $4 million "crisis fund" in January to support organizations that are helping immigrants and refugees, while ride-hailing service Lyft pledged $1 million over the next four years to the American Civil Liberties Union, one of the groups challenging the ban. And workers from Google and Comcast workers have staged walkouts over the restriction. Get breaking news sent instantly to your inbox Sign Up! MuscatineJournal.com Breaking News Obituaries I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. "I wouldn't be where I am today or have any kind of life that I have today if this was not a brave country that really stood out and spoke for liberty," Brin told a crowd of Google employees who walked out in protest last week. Tech companies risk alienating the many Americans who support Trump and his policies. But the risk is lower than that of, say, a company that makes consumer products with plenty of alternatives. It's much harder to boycott a Facebook or Google, where you have friends or your email address, said digital marketing analyst Rebecca Lieb. She added that people are less likely to toss out a $2,000 laptop or pricey mobile phone than change soft drinks. In fact, tech companies might be more wary of backlash from the anti-Trump side. Last week, Uber CEO Travis Kalanick quit Trump's council of business leaders after an outcry from Uber customers and employees who were upset about the ban. In addition, most tech companies have operations around the world and risk alienating customers abroad if they stay silent. "We interact with a large global ecosystem and our businesses would not be here or be able to thrive without it," said Aaron Levie, CEO of Box Inc., an online storage service. "So our businesses are extremely sensitive, by default, to things that affect immigration and things that affect our relationship with the broader world." ___ Associated Press Writers Barbara Ortutay in New York and Chris Grygiel in Seattle contributed to this report. Mae Anderson reported from New York. Tags Wire Business General News Technology Travel Laws And Regulations Government Regulations Government And Politics Travel Lifestyle Religion And Politics Religious Issues Religion Social Affairs Social Issues Political Refugees Human Welfare Corporate Legal Affairs Corporate News Social Media Online Media Media Courts Judiciary Corporate Management Personnel Immigration Temporary Workers Labor Issues × Post a comment Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. More sports headlines Slow start dooms Muskie girls at North Muskie boys make big plays, hold off North in 2OT Friday's prep report: Columbus, Wapello girls pick up big wins PREP SCOREBOARD | Friday, Feb. 3 Saturday's sectional wrestling tournaments at a glance More on this topic Mexico gets Trump's trade ire. Japan and Germany, a pass Smiles, a hug set tone for Trump's meeting with Japan's Abe Detroit Tigers, Red Wings owner Mike Ilitch dies at age 87 Detroit Tigers, Red Wings owner Mike Ilitch dies at age 87 Panama raids homes of law firm partners in Brazil bribe case Local Companies | FindTheCompany Dow Jones Industrial Average Value Over Time | FindTheCompany Nasdaq Composite Index Value Over Time | FindTheCompany S&P 500 Value Over Time | FindTheCompany Most Popular 2002 Muskie boys honored 15 years after unexpected run to state Connie L. Meixner-Smith Vickie Webber Anderson L-M trio seize chances to continue careers in college "Just go be funny": MHS grad to record first comedy album in Iowa City Michael Dean Cubbage Hy-Vee Mainstreet provides ride vouchers to Southend residents ahead of WFO closing Woman charged after stabbing at Hotel Muscatine Limoges: Store closure brings back flood of memories Local veteran gets national VFW award Currents +14 World Afghanistan's groundbreaking female Shaolin fighters, in 14 photos Music Ranking the most successful album of the year winners Home and Garden 7 Valentine's Day deliveries that aren't flowers Green gets rare triple-double as Warriors beat Grizzlies Mariners constantly in motion with Jerry Dipoto in charge Adam Rosales is mentor for Hawaiian high school shortstop Kings rally from 22 down to beat Hawks 108-107 TODAY'S TOP VIDEO Video: Benefits of Rio's Olympic investment diminish Will Rosie O'Donnell play Bannon on 'SNL'? McConnell disagrees with Trump fraud claim Ex-NFL player: Athletes should speak out Sites & Partners muscatinejournal.com qctimes.com Hawkmania Topics & Features Obituaries E-Edition Weather Contact Us River Levels Online Features Tools & Services Buy Photos © Copyright 2017 The Muscatine Journal, 301 E. 3rd St Muscatine, IA | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: lacrossetribune.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $12.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer Service Sections News Nation/world Wisconsin Minnesota Iowa Business Sports Area high schools Area colleges La Crosse Loggers Auto racing Badgers Outdoors Scoreboard Weather Opinion Letters to the editor Submit a letter Obituaries Calendar of events Entertainment Puzzles & Games Dining People Lifestyles Advice Health Home & garden Food Travel Celebrations Submit a Celebration Anniversaries Births Birthdays Congratulations Engagements Misc Thank You Weddings River Valley Media Group Onalaska Holmen Courier-Life Coulee News Houston County News Vernon County Broadcaster Westby Times Tomah Journal Jackson County Chronicle Winona Daily News Chippewa Herald Dunn County News Buy & Sell Business Directory Car Soup Real estate Jobs Classifieds Place an Ad Weekly Ads e-Edition Activate your subscription Jobs Contact Us Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 40° La Crosse, WI (54601) Today Mainly cloudy. Tonight Partly cloudy skies early will give way to cloudy skies late. Low 33F. Winds light and variable. Updated: February 10, 2017 @ 6:53 pm Full Forecast News Sports Obituaries Opinion Buy & Sell Close 1 of 7 Alexander F. Yuan Iranian bioengineering researcher Nima Enayati walks out of a gate after arriving at John F. Kennedy International Airport in New York, Sunday, Feb. 5, 2017. The Ph.D. candidate at a university in Milan, was prevented from boarding a flight to the U.S. on Jan. 30. He had a visa to conduct research on robotic surgery at Stanford University in California. (AP Photo/Alexander F. Yuan) Alex Sanz Nazanin Zinouri, 29, is greeted at the Greenville-Spartanburg International Airport in Greer, S.C., with kisses from her dog Dexter and well-wishers holding signs reading "Welcome Home" on Monday, Feb. 6, 2017. Zinouri, an Iranian engineer and Clemson University graduate, had been unable to return to the United States because of the executive order President Donald Trump signed that limited travel to the U.S. from seven Muslim-majority countries. (AP Photo/Alex Sanz) HONS This photo provided by Airbnb shows a still image from the company's Super Bowl 51 spot. Airbnb is following up its Super Bowl ad calling for acceptance with a campaign to provide short-term housing over the next five years for 100,000 people in need. An announcement on the rental service's website says it plans to start with refugees, disaster survivors and relief workers, but wants "to accommodate many more types of displaced people over time." (Airbnb via AP) Jeff Chiu FILE - In this April 19, 2016, file photo, Airbnb co-founder and CEO Brian Chesky speaks during an event in San Francisco. Airbnb is following up its Super Bowl ad on Feb. 5, 2017, calling for acceptance with a campaign to provide short-term housing over the next five years for 100,000 people in need. (AP Photo/Jeff Chiu, File) Russell Contreras Sen. Tom Udall, D-New Mexico, speaks to immigrant rights advocates at the New Mexico Statehouse in Santa Fe, N.M., Monday, Feb. 6, 2017. Udall told advocates on Monday that President Donald Trump's travel ban on seven Muslim-majority countries is "illegal and unconstitutional" and vowed to fight it with other Democratic senators. (AP Photo/Russell Contreras) Russell Contreras Sen. Tom Udall, D-N.M, right, speaks to an immigrant rights advocate at the statehouse in Santa Fe, N.M., Monday, Feb. 6, 2017. Udall told advocates on Monday that President Donald Trump's travel ban on seven Muslim-majority countries is "illegal and unconstitutional" and vowed to fight it with other Democratic senators. (AP Photo/Russell Contreras) Elaine Thompson Isahaq Ahmed Rabi, left, smiles as he stands with his wife during a news conference shortly after Rabi's arrival Monday, Feb. 6, 2017, at Seattle Tacoma International Airport, in SeaTac, Wash. Rabi was blocked from entry to the U.S. last week due to President Donald Trump's immigration order. Rabi is a citizen of Somalia. His wife is a U.S. citizen. (AP Photo/Elaine Thompson) AP Tech firms take stand against travel ban, risking backlash By MAE ANDERSON and MICHAEL LIEDTKE AP Technology Writers Feb 6, 2017 Updated Feb 6, 2017 0 Alexander F. Yuan Iranian bioengineering researcher Nima Enayati walks out of a gate after arriving at John F. Kennedy International Airport in New York, Sunday, Feb. 5, 2017. The Ph.D. candidate at a university in Milan, was prevented from boarding a flight to the U.S. on Jan. 30. He had a visa to conduct research on robotic surgery at Stanford University in California. (AP Photo/Alexander F. Yuan) Alex Sanz Nazanin Zinouri, 29, is greeted at the Greenville-Spartanburg International Airport in Greer, S.C., with kisses from her dog Dexter and well-wishers holding signs reading "Welcome Home" on Monday, Feb. 6, 2017. Zinouri, an Iranian engineer and Clemson University graduate, had been unable to return to the United States because of the executive order President Donald Trump signed that limited travel to the U.S. from seven Muslim-majority countries. (AP Photo/Alex Sanz) HONS This photo provided by Airbnb shows a still image from the company's Super Bowl 51 spot. Airbnb is following up its Super Bowl ad calling for acceptance with a campaign to provide short-term housing over the next five years for 100,000 people in need. An announcement on the rental service's website says it plans to start with refugees, disaster survivors and relief workers, but wants "to accommodate many more types of displaced people over time." (Airbnb via AP) Jeff Chiu FILE - In this April 19, 2016, file photo, Airbnb co-founder and CEO Brian Chesky speaks during an event in San Francisco. Airbnb is following up its Super Bowl ad on Feb. 5, 2017, calling for acceptance with a campaign to provide short-term housing over the next five years for 100,000 people in need. (AP Photo/Jeff Chiu, File) Russell Contreras Sen. Tom Udall, D-New Mexico, speaks to immigrant rights advocates at the New Mexico Statehouse in Santa Fe, N.M., Monday, Feb. 6, 2017. Udall told advocates on Monday that President Donald Trump's travel ban on seven Muslim-majority countries is "illegal and unconstitutional" and vowed to fight it with other Democratic senators. (AP Photo/Russell Contreras) Russell Contreras Sen. Tom Udall, D-N.M, right, speaks to an immigrant rights advocate at the statehouse in Santa Fe, N.M., Monday, Feb. 6, 2017. Udall told advocates on Monday that President Donald Trump's travel ban on seven Muslim-majority countries is "illegal and unconstitutional" and vowed to fight it with other Democratic senators. (AP Photo/Russell Contreras) Elaine Thompson Isahaq Ahmed Rabi, left, smiles as he stands with his wife during a news conference shortly after Rabi's arrival Monday, Feb. 6, 2017, at Seattle Tacoma International Airport, in SeaTac, Wash. Rabi was blocked from entry to the U.S. last week due to President Donald Trump's immigration order. Rabi is a citizen of Somalia. His wife is a U.S. citizen. (AP Photo/Elaine Thompson) SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — Through a Super Bowl ad, public statements and court filings, Silicon Valley's biggest companies are taking a strong stand against President Donald Trump's travel ban, saying high tech needs immigrants' creativity and energy to stay competitive. Although the companies are risking a backlash from customers who side with Trump, they say the pushback is necessary for an industry dependent on thousands of highly skilled foreign workers. About 58 percent of the engineers and other high-skill employees in Silicon Valley were born outside the U.S., according to the Silicon Valley Leadership Group, an industry trade group. "Immigration and innovation go hand in hand," said Carl Guardino, the group's CEO. "This cuts so deeply into the bone and marrow of what fuels the innovation economy that very few CEOs feel the luxury of sitting on the sidelines. So people are going to stand up and speak up." The tech industry contends there aren't enough Americans with the specialized skills these companies need. Though critics contend that companies favor immigrants because they can pay them less, tech companies argue that the ban would pressure them to move some operations abroad. "A lot of these companies will really struggle if all of a sudden we turn off the spigot," said Greg Morrisett, dean of computing and information sciences at Cornell University. In a court filing Sunday against the ban, 97 companies, including such major tech players as Google, Apple, Microsoft, eBay, Netflix, Facebook and Twitter, also spoke of the entrepreneurial spirit of "people who choose to leave everything that is familiar and journey to an unknown land to make a new life." Google CEO Sundar Pichai and Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella both came from India. Google co-founder Sergey Brin is a Russian refugee who moved to the U.S. as a boy. The father of Apple's late co-founder, Steve Jobs, immigrated from Syria. Tech worker Ehsaan Taeb, 28, said his whole family is in Iran and knowing his parents won't be able to visit him has added stress to his life. But seeing his company and other tech companies taking a stand against the ban has heartened him, he said. "When you see your employer and other companies make that kind of effort, that makes me feel very supported and in a community that's thoughtful and caring," said Taeb, who works in support at Checkr, a software company that provides background checks for businesses. The Silicon Valley Leadership Group estimates that half the companies in the region were co-founded by an immigrant or are now led by a CEO from outside the U.S. In signing an executive order Jan. 27 that would temporarily ban people from seven Muslim-majority countries, Trump said he was trying to protect Americans by preventing terrorists from slipping into the country. The administration says the president has the constitutional authority to decide who can enter. During the Super Bowl, several companies ran ads that promoted diversity and inclusion, as marketers tried to reach both sides of a consumer base roiled by the election. One of the most overtly political was from Airbnb, a company that matches travelers with places to stay. The San Francisco company showed close-ups of people with different ethnicities. A narrator says: "We believe no matter who you are, where you're from, who you love or who you worship, we all belong. The world is more beautiful the more you accept." Airbnb followed up with a campaign to provide short-term housing over the next five years for 100,000 people in need, starting with refugees, disaster survivors and relief workers. The company also said it will donate $4 million over four years to the International Rescue Committee, joining many tech brethren in making financial contributions. Google set up a $4 million "crisis fund" in January to support organizations that are helping immigrants and refugees, while ride-hailing service Lyft pledged $1 million over the next four years to the American Civil Liberties Union, one of the groups challenging the ban. And workers from Google and Comcast workers have staged walkouts over the restriction. "I wouldn't be where I am today or have any kind of life that I have today if this was not a brave country that really stood out and spoke for liberty," Brin told a crowd of Google employees who walked out in protest last week. Tech companies risk alienating the many Americans who support Trump and his policies. But the risk is lower than that of, say, a company that makes consumer products with plenty of alternatives. It's much harder to boycott a Facebook or Google, where you have friends or your email address, said digital marketing analyst Rebecca Lieb. She added that people are less likely to toss out a $2,000 laptop or pricey mobile phone than change soft drinks. In fact, tech companies might be more wary of backlash from the anti-Trump side. Last week, Uber CEO Travis Kalanick quit Trump's council of business leaders after an outcry from Uber customers and employees who were upset about the ban. In addition, most tech companies have operations around the world and risk alienating customers abroad if they stay silent. "We interact with a large global ecosystem and our businesses would not be here or be able to thrive without it," said Aaron Levie, CEO of Box Inc., an online storage service. "So our businesses are extremely sensitive, by default, to things that affect immigration and things that affect our relationship with the broader world." ___ Associated Press Writers Barbara Ortutay in New York and Chris Grygiel in Seattle contributed to this report. Mae Anderson reported from New York. Get news headlines sent daily to your inbox Sign Up! LaCrosseTribune.com Daily Headlines Obituaries I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. Tags Wire Business General News Technology Travel Laws And Regulations Government Regulations Government And Politics Travel Lifestyle Religion And Politics Religious Issues Religion Social Affairs Social Issues Political Refugees Human Welfare Corporate Legal Affairs Corporate News Social Media Online Media Media Courts Judiciary Corporate Management Personnel Immigration Temporary Workers Labor Issues × Post a comment Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching View (0) comments (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. loading... POPULAR IN THIS SECTION Steve Cahalan: Global Grounds opens in former McCaffrey’s Coffee After half-century, flags are still mainstay at Nelson Flag & Display Obamas join Richard Branson for private island getaway Kellogg cites costs in New York distribution site closure Disney's wonderful world may be too good to last Dow Jones Industrial Average Value Over Time | FindTheCompany Nasdaq Composite Index Value Over Time | FindTheCompany S&P 500 Value Over Time | FindTheCompany News and Features Obituaries Business Entertainment Lifestyles News Opinion Sports River Valley Business Report Online Features Buy & Sell Advertise with Us Buy & Sell Car Soup Real estate Jobs Classifieds Celebrations Shop Local Businesses River Valley Media Group La Crosse Tribune Onalaska Holmen Courier-Life Coulee News Houston County News Vernon County Broadcaster Westby Times Tomah Journal Jackson County Chronicle Winona Daily News Chippewa Herald Dunn County News Print and digital advertising © Copyright 2017 La Crosse Tribune, 401 N. Third Street La Crosse, WI | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Advertise with Us www.RVMG.biz
obsessions our picks latest popular like us on facebook follow us on twitter quartz index about us register log in log out Events Atlas quartz quartz India quartz Africa Change your edition back to menu WHY PODS Apple is reportedly going to introduce yet another type of cable into our lives Written by Mike Murphy February 06, 2017 Here is a $160 workaround. (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez) Share Written by Mike Murphy February 06, 2017 In case you didn’t have enough dongles in your life, it looks like Apple is adding another type of cable to its devices in the future. Here’s the issue at hand: If you own, say, a new iPhone 7, a pair of (Apple-made) Beats headphones, and a brand-new MacBook Pro, none of these devices can connect easily. In 2016, Apple killed the headphone jack on its smartphones, replacing it with headphones that plug directly into the Lightning charging port. The company also removed every port other than USB-C from its new laptops, meaning you can’t charge a new Apple phone, or Beats headphones (which have a regular USB connector) on a new Apple laptop, at least not without buying a few adapters. As if this wasn’t confusing enough, Apple appears ready to invite another connector to the party. According to a report from Apple news site 9to5Mac, the company has introduced a new standard to third-party companies in its MFi program. Short for “made for i,” (as in iPods, iPhones, iPads, etc.), the program’s participants pay Apple a licensing fee to make products to the company’s standards; in return, they receive support from Apple to actually build those products, and an early heads-up on new standards. According to 9to5Mac, MFi participants were recently introduced to the “Ultra Accessory Connector,” or UAC. It’s about half as wide as a USB-C or Lightning connector, meaning it’ll take up a lot less space in devices, although it’s not entirely clear which Apple devices it would appear in. According to The Verge, the connector is actually a standard that’s been used in digital cameras for years, and Apple could potentially use it for specific headphones in the future. Right now, Apple uses the USB-C standard for its laptops, and the Lightning standard on its mobile devices. If someone buys a pair of Lightning headphones that they then want to plug into their MacBook, they’d need an adapter, but there isn’t yet one that works between Lightning and USB-C. This is where the UAC would come in, to act as an intermediary connecting the two standards—sort of a dongle for your dongle. The Verge added that Apple said it has no plans to replace its Lightning or USB-C cables on devices. AppleInsider, another Apple news site, spoke with an MFi manufacturer who said they “weren’t sure what Apple has in mind, what the port would be specifically used for, or how it would be an improvement over anything currently on the market.” Perhaps if Apple hadn’t rid its smartphones of the 100-year-old standard that was the headphone jack, or if its (otherwise excellent) AirPods wireless headphones had longer battery life, we wouldn’t need multiple standards just to connect headphones to other devices. But this is 2017. Things just aren’t that simple. Most Popular Three signals that Donald Trump isn’t going to renegotiate NAFTA Read full story home our picks popular latest obsessions search
iDownloadBlog Home Jailbreak How to Jailbreak Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Cydia Unlock How to Unlock Unlock News Apps iOS Apps Mac Apps Widgets Best Apps App Finder Tips Tips How to Tutorial iPhone Photography iPhone iPhone News iPhone 6s iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6 iPhone Photography iPad Mac Watch Apple Watch Guide TV Apple TV guide Download Deals Daily Deals: 15% off iTunes gift cards, $107 UE BOOM 2 speaker,... The best HomeKit accessories Let’s Talk Jailbreak 158: The ends and the means The best iOS 10 jailbreak tweaks   skip to main content skip to main menu     Apple taps an old plug to ease connectivity and adapter woes with Lightning headphones By Christian Zibreg, Feb 6, 2017 Tweet 5 Comments Apple will soon allow vendors who design MFi-certified accessories to build support for an obscure but already-existent port in order to ease some of the connectivity and adapter woes associated with Lightning-based headphones. 9to5Mac reported that the company might market UAC, an intermediary in headphone cables, as “Ultra Accessory Connector” (UAC). Citing sources at Apple, The Verge adds that UAC is an old plug you might have seen with your Nikon DSLR camera rather than a proprietary new connector type from Apple. Apple’s ultimate goal with UAC, The Verge claims, is making Lightning and USB-C work better together rather than replacing them with a brand new I/O port. The developer preview supplied to accessory designers is light on details regarding the new space-saving connector, but an Apple spokesperson did confirm to Ars Technica that support for UAC is being added to the MFi specification at the request of MFi program licensees, not because Apple is trying to push licensees to support a new kind of proprietary connector. UAC is Apple’s marketing name for a port that’s being used in some digital cameras. Different vendors call it different names: Mitsumi, for instance, calls it “Ultra Mini Connector” while Nikon refers to it as “UC-E6”. The iPhone maker has offered UAC to MFi vendors as part of a developer preview so they can prepare for the new component. The non-symmetrical connector has eight pins and measures 2.05mm by 4.85mm, or slightly thinner than USB-C and almost half as wide as both USB-C and Lightning. By comparison, Lightning I/O is 1.5mm thick, 6.73mm wide and 7mm deep. The Verge explains that UAC would let the firmware in your headphones adjust on the fly, “recognizing whether it’s receiving audio from a Lightning or USB-C connection and playing it back appropriately.” As such, UAC should help with headphone interoperability while easing connectivity and adapter woes commonly associated with MFi-certified Lightning headphones. Currently, Lightning headphones don’t work on USB-C devices. Likewise, USB-C headphones only work with USB-C audio sources. By inserting UAC in the middle, users will be able to swap between Lightning-to-UAC and USB-C-to-UAC cables with the same pair of headphones. Apple’s official specification for UAC currently defines both male and female connectors for cables used on headphones. 9to5Mac reports that Apple will let MFi-certified vendors design Lightning to UAC, USB-A to UAC and 3.5mm to UAC adapters. Apple already provides female Lightning ports for MFi-certified accessories like headphones. For example, the AirPods charging case and the upcoming BeatsX earbuds are outfitted with a Lightning port for charging. Other Beats products have not yet transitioned from micro-USB to Lightning for charging purposes. Apple’s mobile devices originally used the 30-pin Dock connector, which debuted in the original iPod. After nearly a decade, the Dock connector was succeeded by the reversible Lightning I/O port, first used on 2012 iPhones and iPads. Image: Apple’s existing Lightning connector. Source: 9to5Mac, The Verge, AppleInsider, ArsTechnica Share: Tweet Follow: Follow @iDownloadBlog We Recommend iPhone 7 might ship with Lightning EarPods and 3.5mm headphone jack adapter Fully assembled Lightning-based EarPods shown on leaked images Apple supplier Cirrus Logic releases MFi Lightning headphone development kit Photographs of claimed Lightning-based EarPods leak on the web Related Topics Accessories, Apple, Headphones, Lightning, MFI, News, Rumors, Ultra Accessory Connector, USB-C disqus_L64g658FVD Does anyone else find it absurd that Apple removed the headphone jack and go back on a standard that has existed for decades? I estimate that less than 1% of people could even tell the audio quality difference between the standard headphone jack and these new ports. Instead we have to wade through a quagmire of dongles, adapters and other nonsense.. all so that a phone can be 1mm thinner… so what!? Jeff K I mean no one is really forcing you or anyone else to upgrade to the 7 and newer phones. ravinigga True but other companies follow the trend so we have no other choice but hey a phone can live for years. (If they pull the plug like iPhone 2g iPhone 3 with 2g data Jeff K Let’s also think about a time that Apple didn’t follow the pack and made their phones not have removable batteries or allow external storage, seems a lot of other vendors followed suit. burge Apple have reduced production costs for the 7 and future devices.   Search Connect with iDownloadBlog Facebook Become a fan RSS Get the latest news YouTube Watch Us Twitter Stay up to date Newsletter News delivered to you Google+ Add us to your circle   The most recent headlines Daily Deals: 15% off iTunes gift cards, $107 UE BOOM 2 speaker, and more Is iPhone 7’s matte black finish susceptible to chips and peeling? How to enable and use two-step verification on WhatsApp iPhone 8 again rumored to sport iris scanning and wireless charging Following delay, Apple’s W1-equipped BeatsX are now available for purchase   The latest jailbreak news FingerTouch lets you assign gestures to the Touch ID sensor SmartVPN toggles your iPhone’s VPN automatically on a per-app basis CRSettings lets you apply an image background to the Reachability view Solution to 7-day signing for Yalu may be coming: avoid other methods! HapticKeyboard enables haptic feedback as you type on your iPhone iDownloadBlog           iDownloadblog.com About About Advertise Contact Keep in Touch Twitter Facebook RSS Feed Newsletter Push Notifications Podcasts Let's Talk iOS Let's Talk Jailbreak Site Stuff Disclosure Privacy Policy   Copyright iDownloadBlog 2017. This website is not affiliated with Apple.
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 2081 120 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest The 127 companies on the immigration amicus brief The full list of companies that signed the brief opposing Trump's immigration executive order. Post to Facebook The 127 companies on the immigration amicus brief The full list of companies that signed the brief opposing Trump's immigration executive order.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2kG8iPO {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 3 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Buzz Video podcasts The 127 companies on the immigration amicus brief Elizabeth Weise , USATODAY Published 3:25 p.m. ET Feb. 6, 2017 | Updated 6:19 p.m. ET Feb. 6, 2017 1.8k Shares CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share The list includes big names like Apple, Google and Facebook. Video provided by Newsy Newslook The full list of tech companies (and a few others) that signed the amicus brief opposing President Trump's executive order on immigration. The full brief is available online. 1. AdRoll, Inc. 2. Aeris Communications, Inc. 3. Airbnb, Inc. 4. AltSchool, PBC 5. Ancestry.com, LLC 6. Appboy, Inc. 7. Apple Inc. 8. AppNexus Inc. 9. Asana, Inc. 10. Atlassian Corp Plc 11. Autodesk, Inc. 12. Automattic Inc. 13. Box, Inc. 14. Brightcove Inc. 15. Brit + Co 16. CareZone Inc. 17. Castlight Health 18. Checkr, Inc. 19. Chobani, LLC 20. Citrix Systems, Inc. 21. Cloudera, Inc. 22. Cloudflare, Inc. 23. Copia Institute 24. DocuSign, Inc. 25. DoorDash, Inc. 26. Dropbox, Inc. 27. Dynatrace LLC 28. eBay Inc. 29. Engine Advocacy 30. Etsy Inc. 31. Facebook, Inc. 32. Fastly, Inc. 33. Flipboard, Inc. 34. Foursquare Labs, Inc. 35. Fuze, Inc. 36. General Assembly 37. GitHub 38. Glassdoor, Inc. 39. Google Inc. 40. GoPro, Inc. 41. Harmonic Inc. 42. Hipmunk, Inc. 43. Indiegogo, Inc. 44. Intel Corporation 45. JAND, Inc. d/b/a Warby Parker 46. Kargo Global, Inc. 47. Kickstarter, PBC 48. KIND, LLC 49. Knotel 50. Levi Strauss & Co. 51. LinkedIn Corporation 52. Lithium Technologies, Inc. 53. Lyft, Inc. 54. Mapbox, Inc. 55. Maplebear Inc. d/b/a Instacart 56. Marin Software Incorporated 57. Medallia, Inc. 58. A Medium Corporation 59. Meetup, Inc. 60. Microsoft Corporation 61. Motivate International Inc. 62. Mozilla Corporation 63. Netflix, Inc. 64. NETGEAR, Inc. 65. NewsCred, Inc. 66. Patreon, Inc. 67. PayPal Holdings, Inc. 68. Pinterest, Inc. 69. Quora, Inc. 70. Reddit, Inc. 71. Rocket Fuel Inc. 72. SaaStr Inc. 73. Salesforce.com, Inc. 74. Scopely, Inc. 75. Shutterstock, Inc. 76. Snap Inc. 77. Spokeo, Inc. 78. Spotify USA Inc. 79. Square, Inc. 80. Squarespace, Inc. 81. Strava, Inc. 82. Stripe, Inc. 83. SurveyMonkey Inc. 84. TaskRabbit, Inc 85. Tech:NYC 86. Thumbtack, Inc. 87. Turn Inc. 88. Twilio Inc. 89. Twitter Inc. 90. Uber Technologies, Inc. 91. Via 92. Wikimedia Foundation, Inc. 93. Workday 94. Y Combinator Management, LLC 95. Yelp Inc. 96. Zynga Inc. ADDED Feb. 6, 2017 97. Adobe Systems Inc. 98. Affirm, Inc. 99. Ampush LLC 100. Brocade Communications Systems Inc. 101. Bungie, Inc. 102. Casper Sleep, Inc. 103. Cavium, Inc. 104. Chegg, Inc. 105. ClassPass Inc. 106. Coursera 107. EquityZen Inc. 108. Evernote 109. Gusto 110. Handy Technologies, Inc. 111. HP Inc. 112. IAC/InterActive Corp. 113. Linden Lab 114. Managed by Q Inc. 115. MobileIron 116. New Relic, Inc. 117. Pandora Media, Inc. 118. Planet Labs Inc. 119. RPX Corporation 120. Shift Technologies, Inc. 121. Slack Technologies, Inc. 122. SpaceX 123. Tesla, Inc. 124. TripAdvisor, Inc. 125. Udacity, Inc. 126. Zendesk, Inc. 127. Zenefits Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2kG8iPO Most Popular 5 products under $10 that changed my life 3.6k Shares Pokémon Go is doing something special this Valentine's Day 536 Shares Trump lauds Intel's $7B plan to finish closed plant 533 Shares Trump adviser Peter Thiel says he's not running for California governor 104 Shares Massive Mars volcano erupted for 2 billion straight years 889 Shares Twitter diversity chief to leave, HR chief gone 247 Shares
Skip to main content area Social media links Find us on Facebook Connect with us on Twitter Sections Home News Reviews Rumours VS Bests User Guides Deals Wearable Tech Apps Newsletter Search Search Secondary menu IPHONE 7 NOTE 7 ONEPLUS 3T Android N iOS 10 IPHONE 6S Nexus 5X Galaxy S7 Nokia C1 Sections You are here: Home » Mobile Phones » Apple iPhone 7 Plus » iPhone 7 Plus Review: The ONLY iPhone You Should Buy iPhone 7 Plus Review: The ONLY iPhone You Should Buy Reviews Damien McFerran 13:04, 9 Feb 2017 The iPhone 7's bigger brother proves to be the better option overall. Today we look at the iPhone 7 Plus Rating:  4 Typical Price:  £720.00 Pros:  Great build quality, Waterproofing, Amazing cameras, Super-powerful chipset Cons:  No 3.5mm headphone socket, No quick-charging capability Verdict:  More RAM, a bigger battery and a serious impressive dual-camera setup makes the iPhone 7 Plus a much better purchase than the standard model - assuming you have no issue with the increased cost and larger size facebook twitter google+ The signs were there a long time before the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus launched, but as much as the rumour mill hits the mark year-on-year there's always an element of not being quite sure what will arrive on announcement day. We, and many others, gave Apple the benefit of the doubt  despite the fact that plenty of rumours consistently said that 2016's iPhones will be incremental updates, and the big release to watch is the iPhone 8 (if it is indeed called that) launching for the iPhone's 10th birthday in 2017. So, sure enough, the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus look very much like last year’s models, despite a tweak here and there, plus  a couple of new colour options in the form of “Jet Black” (gloss) and “Black” (matte). They have slightly updated internals, and an impressive new camera. And one other big rumour turned out to be true, also one we were hoping would not be. Neither handset has a 3.5mm headphone jack, which really does suck despite Apple’s claims to the contrary about being “brave” for removing it. The workaround Apple has come up with is an adapter which will ship with all iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 units, but for audiophiles who love their own carefully chosen headsets, it's another layer of faff. Apple says its sold a billion iPhones since 2007, which is impressive. The pace of adoption over the years has been frankly insane. But that party is drawing to an end. As we saw earlier this year, things, while still very respectable, are beginning to slow down. Tim Cook glossed over dipping sales in 2016 but that’s to be expected. Apple’s main MO for the event was simply to show off how many brands it is now associated with – brands like Nike, Pokemon, Nintendo and, err… James Cordon. Apple's sales improved in late-2016, however, as demand for iPhones picked up again.  “During the first eight months of 2016, Apple saw its smartphone market share remain at a record low compared to the last few years. However, the iPhone 7 series launch has been able to offset most of the previous decline. The iPhone 7 series demand was healthy through the holiday period, especially in markets such as USA, Western Europe and Japan somewhat offsetting a softer than expected performance in China. Apple surpassed Samsung in December 2016 capturing a 19% share of the global smartphone sell-through volumes," said Jeff Fieldhack, Research Director at Counterpoint Research. He added: "Furthermore, Apple’s share of the $400+ segment crossed the 70% mark in December 2016 from a low point of 47% in May 2016, which is commendable considering the premium segment growth has been flat annually. A healthy sell-through of iPhones in the channel points toward a strong holiday quarter from a shipments perspective and strong wholesale ASP as the mix shifted towards higher capacity and larger screen iPhone models. In markets, such as the USA, Apple’s share in the premium segment has reached close to a record 80% in this peak season.” Apple’s decision to move to a three-year hardware cycle has been met with a lot of resistance. Many feel the iPhone 6 design language the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus are based on are tired and in need of a refresh. Whether you agree is entirely subjective. Personally, I don’t mind the way they look, though I definitely wouldn’t buy one of these right now as I am infinitely more interested in the Google Pixel XL – but that’s just me. Apple has implemented a few key changes but for the most part the average consumer will struggle to tell the iPhone 7 Plus from the iPhone 6s Plus – and even the iPhone 6 Plus for that matter. And herein lies the rub: Apple’s switching to a three-year hardware cycle, which is all well and good, but aside from a few key changes to imaging and performance, there’s not a lot on show here to get really excited about. This is the kind of update I’d expected to follow the iPhone 6 – the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus feel very much like an S-update. Not a whole number bump, which are traditionally the more innovative releases for Apple, showcasing new design attributes and advanced technology. I like that the iPhones are now waterproof, that’s a solid move by Apple, but I just can’t help but feel a lot of people, those upgrading from 6s models, especially, might feel short-changed by what’s on offer here. The are some big pluses like the camera and waterproofing, but beyond this it almost feels like the same handset we saw released in 2014 and 2015. And this is not something I expect from a company that claims to be the most innovative brand in technology. Apple knows what its users like, so it says, and it knows how to give it to them. This is why it is the biggest tech brand in the world. The split in features between the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, however, is only getting bigger. I mean, save for size, I cannot think of a good reason not to get the Plus over the standard model. Case in point: for the first time ever, shipments of the iPhone 7 Plus model have out-paced the standard iPhone 7 model. This is significant because it not only shows a maturation inside Apple’s traditional user base, they’re warming to the idea of larger phones, but it also shines a light on just how important consumers see the cameras on their phones. Apple says the iPhone 7 Plus is the best camera it has ever created. Whether this is the case will be detailed later on. We've already delivered our verdict on the standard iPhone 7, but for those who crave a big-screen experience, the 7 Plus is likely to be of more interest. We'll be covering the key differences between the two siblings in this review, but won't be going into as much detail on the elements which are common across both phones - you can refer to our iPhone 7 review for those points. iPhone 7 Plus Review: Design & Display The 7 Plus shares an almost identical design to the smaller model, with the only significant difference - aside from the dimensions - being the fact that it has a dual camera setup on the back, which we'll cover later in this review. In every other regard this is simply just a bigger iPhone 7, so we advise you to refer to that review for more information. It goes without saying that the iPhone 7 Plus boasts a larger screen than the standard model. Its 5.5-inch backlit LED panel has a resolution of 1080 x 1920 pixels, which is a jump from the 4.7-inch, 750 x 1334 pixel screen on the smaller model. A 1080p display on a phablet isn't all that impressive in 2016, and many smaller Android phones have sharper screens. However, as was the case with the standard iPhone 7, it's impossible to pick out individual pixels so it's not that much of a concern. The panel is brighter and better at replicating colours than the one seen on the iPhone 6S Plus, which should give existing iPhone fans reason to upgrade. Next year, however, is when things will get really interesting as Apple is moving over to AMOLED panels and that will bring a whole host of benefits to the iPhone 8 or iPhone X or whatever next year’s handset is called, the least of all being a bump to QHD resolution. Like most things iPhone 7, the display technology on show here is just about par for the course. Apple has made some tweaks and improvements to the overall quality of the panel, which is expected, but it pales in comparison to the displays you find aboard the Galaxy S7 and Google Pixel XL. iPhone 7 Plus Review: Hardware Specifications In terms of technical specifications, the 7 Plus is an exact match to the iPhone 7, aside from RAM - the larger model has 3GB while the smaller version has 2GB. To be honest, it's hard to notice any real difference in day-to-day use, although the additional gigabyte should ensure smoother performance on the 7 Plus in the long run. The powerful A10 Fusion chipset is something of a beast, and we weren't able to make it stutter or stumble during the review period. It's that good. Apple has an immense command over the silicon inside its phones and the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus are no exception. The A10 chipset is the most advanced chipset in the world right now – nothing else comes close to what Apple is able to do with this chipset. But like the design, this bump in performance just sort of fades into the background. For most consumers it is not a standout feature, as the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6 before it were also pretty exceptional in this regard as well. In fact, for the last three generations of iPhones I don’t recall anyone saying they weren’t potent enough in the performance department. The A10 is more power-efficient as well but in my experience the battery life of the iPhone 7 Plus, in the long term, is pretty similar to what I experienced on the iPhone 6s Plus and iPhone 6 Plus before that. It’s good, solid and will see you through a full day with heavy usage but compared to what I’m regularly getting on my Pixel XL it’s nothing to right home about. iPhone 7 Plus Review: Camera Aside from the screen, this is one of the key areas where the 7 Plus differs from the normal iPhone 7. It has the same 12 megapixel lens as its smaller stablemate, which boasts an aperture of f/1.8 and OIS, allowing for really effective low-light shooting. However, the 7 Plus is packing a second 12 megapixel, f/2.8 telephoto lens which gives x2 optical zoom and works in conjunction with the other camera to create some impressive depth-of-field effects. When taking a photo, the phone uses the data from both lens to create a depth map and then applies a nifty "Bokeh" effect to blur out the background and bring the subject into sharper focus. While the effect is artificial to degree, it's convincing - and to achieve it via normal means you'd need an expensive DSLR camera with a wide aperture, so what Apple has achieved here is remarkable. The telephoto lens also allows for incredible macro shots, and once you've taken a few snaps with the 7 Plus, you'll wonder how you ever coped without it. iPhone 7 Plus Review: Audio So yes, the 3.5mm headphone jack is gone in favour of the Lightning port and a new set of Lightning-based headphones bundled-in with the phones. What's also bundled-in is an adaptor dongle allowing users to keep using their 3.5mm headphones with the new devices. However, the iPhone 7 series non-headphone audio setup has also been upgraded; it's the first set of iPhone devices with stereo speakers! On top of this, Apple has also developed a set of wireless "Airpods" allowing you to free yourself from wired headphones altogether. The Airpods feature a 24 hour battery life and are button-less, their setup is also synchronised across iCloud between devices. They use a dedicated W1 chip for audio and wireless, while built-in infrared sensors detect when you place them in your ears. Motion accelerometers detect touch to activate Siri and Voice accelerometer enhance your voice for calls and commands. They will ship in October and cost $159.  iPhone 7 Plus Review: Battery Life There's a 2900 mAh battery inside the 7 Plus, which is a big jump from the 1960 mAh cell seen in the smaller model. Stamina could be something of a concern with the standard iPhone 7, but that's not the case with the Plus model - even by the end of the day, our review unit still had juice in the tank and we were able to push it a lot more in terms of playing games, watching movies and surfing the web. Apple’s larger iPhones have always been good in the battery department and the iPhone 7 Plus is no exception. Even with very heavy usage the handset can still take a full day in its stride. Nothing really fazes the handset, whether gaming, video or streaming.   iPhone 7 Plus Review: Conclusion If you must buy an iPhone in 2016 the iPhone 7 Plus is the model to go for. The standard iPhone 7 model is just, well… disappointing on too many fronts. Battery performance isn’t great, the display pales in comparison to cheaper Android alternatives and it lacks the iPhone 7 Plus’ main USP, the dual-lens camera. For this reason it’s impossible to recommend the iPhone 7 over the iPhone 7 Plus. The Plus model, as always, is the vastly superior model. But you will have to pay a premium to access these benefits – and also use a larger phone as well. Then there’s the case for whether or not you NEED to upgrade. If you’re using an iPhone 6s I would 100% say wait for Apple’s 2017 release. There’s nothing too new here to get massively excited about. It’s an iPhone and it works great, just like the iPhone 6s before it. I don’t see any major USPs on this handset that you can’t get elsewhere for less. I tend to use iPhones on occasion, I used the iPhone 4, iPhone 5s an iPhone 6 Plus as well as the iPhone SE, but I have no desire to use either the iPhone 7 or iPhone 7 Plus. Instead, I’m waiting for next year’s model and filling the interim with the awesome Google Pixel XL. You might feel differently, and if you’re using an older iPhone – say, the iPhone 5s or iPhone 6 – then the case for an upgrade is slightly different. If you’re using an older iPhone model then the case for an update is strong – you will notice the difference. For everybody else, though, hold tight for 2017’s release as that one will be very impressive indeed! Read More About: Mobile Phones Apple Apple iPhone 7 Plus Apple iPhone 7 Apple iOS 10 Sponsored Links Related content 1 Sony Xperia M5 Review 4.5 BlackBerry Passport Review: New Silver Edition Announced 4 iPhone 7 Plus Review: The ONLY iPhone You Should Buy 12 Brilliant, Ultra-Affordable Android Phones Moto G4 Review: Do You Really Need Anything Else? View the discussion thread. Trending Nokia WILL Release Two Android Phones In 2017: Nokia 6 Was Just The Beginning Mobile Phones Xbox Project Scorpio: True 4K Gaming is COMING To Xbox In 2017 Games Consoles Best Place To Buy Cheap PS4 Controller Games Consoles Hot Handsets Android 4.4.3 Apple iOS 8 Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Mini 2 Apple iPhone 5S Apple iPhone 6 HTC One Max LG G3 Motorola Moto X+1 Samsung Galaxy S5 Latest Reviews 1 Sony Xperia M5 Review Reviews 4 Samsung Gear VR Review: The Beginning of Something BIG Reviews 4.5 BlackBerry Passport Review: New Silver Edition Announced Reviews Sponsored Links Contact Dennis Publishing Editorial Offices 30 Cleveland Street London, W1T 4JD T: +44 (0)20 7907 6000 Read our Privacy notice Useful links Home News Reviews Rumours VS Bests User Guides Deals Wearable Tech Apps Newsletter Company's site Contact us About us Privacy Note Feeds Authors Sitemap Affiliate Link Policy Our Websites Know Your Mobile Auto Express Evo Fortean Times IT Pro Coach Micro Mart Alphr Expert Reviews Channel Pro Digital SLR Photography Den of Geek The Week Magazines Health & Fitness Women's Fitness CarBuyer Cloud Pro MagBooks Cyclist Classic & Performance Car TablePouncer Sites we like Android Authority GSM arena IntoMobile Eurodroid PocketNow WinRumors Social media links Find us on Facebook Connect with us on Twitter © Copyright Dennis Publishing Limited. Know Your Mobile is a trademark of Felix Dennis. Jobs Media Information Subscription Enquiries Books Apps Your Online Choices
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Feb 11, 4:09 AM EST Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology macOS 10.12.4 New Build Missing From Apple’s Beta Releases This Monday; watchOS 3.2, tvOS 10.2 Second Betas Now Out By Corazon Victorino On 02/06/17 AT 5:52 PM Close Apple is always hard at work in improving its different operating systems for its slew of products. The Cupertino giant is known for constantly releasing beta updates to developers and testers for them to try out the new features and changes found in upcoming software updates. In typical Apple fashion, these beta updates are rolled out around the same time. But it’s also not impossible for these betas to launch on different dates. Such is true for this week’s beta releases.  According to Apple Insider, noticeably missing from the beta updates Apple rolled out this Monday was the new beta build for macOS 10.12.4. The first beta was released in late January to developers and public beta testers, around the same time when the first beta build for other operating systems were also rolled out. It isn’t clear why the Cupertino giant missed the chance to seed the second beta of macOS 10.12.4 on the first day of the week, but the update is very likely to surface this Tuesday or at a later date this week.  Many are anticipating the next macOS 10.12.4 beta since the first one teased the changes that are coming to Mac devices soon. A previous report from 9to5Mac stated that the first beta came with dictation support for Shanghainese, cricket support for Siri and updated PDFKit APIs that improve the display of PDFs in apps. A new feature that is also part of the official update is called Night Shift. This automatically adjusts the Mac display to warmer colors after sunset so as not to disturb the users’ circadian rhythm. The display then returns to its regular settings when morning comes.  Related Stories Apple Stores Have Beats X Earbuds In Stock iPhone, Siri, CarPlay And Other Apple Products Expected To Grow In 2017 Google Assistant Coming To Nexus 5X, 6P Meanwhile, Apple released the second beta build for iOS 10.3, watchOS 3.2 and tvOS 10.2. (We covered iOS 10.3 beta 2 in a separate article, so check it out here.) The new beta for watchOS 3.2 has the build code 14V52114d, while tvOS 10.2 beta 2 is identified with the build code 14E5239e. Based on the beta releases so far, the upcoming watchOS 3.2 update will come with the Theater Mode — a new feature designed to mute the sound of the Apple Watch and adjust the display of the timepiece when the user is inside the movie theater.  When it comes to tvOS 10.2, MacRumors has learned that the fourth-generation Apple TV will have improved scrolling when the official update arrives. From the beta alone, this improvement in the scrolling behavior of the device is very noticeable. Users can now scroll through large lists of information faster than the usual. Certain scrolling gestures have been assigned to perform specific commands as well. For instance, swiping on the far right will enable users to navigate specific indexes.  Join the Discussion Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Business US Companies Continue Moving Jobs To Mexico Despite the threats of a 35 percent tariff, American companies are moving forward to lay off hundreds of US jobs. Technology Leaked Branding Hints At Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus A popular tech informant has shared the name of one of the Galaxy S8 models. World Snowden Says Report Proves He Never Spied For Russia Edward Snowden, who was given refuge in Russia in 2013, is facing espionage charges in the U.S. for leaking documents about secret mass surveillance programs. National Dossier On Trump-Russia Ties Gaining Credibility: Report While people didn't take the documents seriously when they first came to light, a large number are reassessing their stance following Trump’s stand on Russia during his campaign. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Skip to main content Hard National Security Choices Support Saturday, February 11, 2017 Menu Topics AUMF Covert Action Cybersecurity Detention & Guantanamo Drones Homeland Security Interrogation Laws of War Military Commissions Secrecy Surveillance War Powers View All Home Reviews Book Reviews Brief Reviews Readings Foreign Policy Essay Aegis Omphalos Privacy Paradox DayZero Special Features The Lawfare Podcast Rational Security The Steptoe Cyberlaw Podcast Jihadology Podcast Security By the Book Litigation Documents & Resources Related to Trump Executive Order on Immigration Lawfare Research Paper Series Intelligence Studies Essay Military Commission Coverage Declassified CIA Documents—Studies in Intelligence Snowden Revelations Who is on Board with “Unwilling or Unable”? More Masthead About Lawfare Comments Policy Subscribe to Lawfare The Job Board Calendar Donald Trump Draining the Valley Instead of the Swamp By Andrew Keane Woods Monday, February 6, 2017, 5:03 PM Google+ Reddit LinkedIn Yesterday, most of the U.S.’s biggest technology firms joined the legal fight in the 9th Circuit over the President’s immigration ban, filing a brief arguing that the ban imposes “significant harm” to U.S. businesses.  Over ninety firms signed the brief, including Airbnb, Apple, Box, Citrix, Dropbox, eBay, Facebook, Google, Intel, Lyft, Microsoft, Netflix, PayPal, Snap, Twitter, and Uber, and many more.   The brief is notable for a few things.  First, it makes a few weak legal arguments but focuses mostly on the policy and economic arguments against the immigration ban.  Second, the brief is notable in that it was filed at all.  American tech firms have been in a delicate balancing act, attempting to assuage their customers’ concerns on the one hand without going so far as to “poke the bear” on the other; the brief is a sign that the balance has tilted. President Trump has tried very hard to make his White House both (1) friendly to American technology companies, and (2) intolerantly isolationist.  But as the tech sector’s brief highlights, these are increasingly incompatible goals.   Isolationism is Bad for Tech In Particular The brief makes a big deal out of the fact that we live in a globalized world (“The marketplace for today’s businesses is global.”) This is hardly news.  One need not be a regular at Davos to recognize that the tech sector, more than others, depends on access to global markets.  This is so for a number of reasons.  First, isolationism makes it hard to attract top talent. Internet firms are constantly searching for the best talent worldwide, and that often means hiring immigrants.  President Obama was the regular recipient of calls from the tech community to reform draconian immigration policies that made work visas unusually hard to get. Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg even helped found a lobbying group, FWD.US, which filed an amicus brief in the Supreme Court in connection with the litigation over Obama’s deferred action policies. Of course, part of the challenge is that isolationist immigration policies make it hard to actually hire people who already want to come to the U.S.  But just as importantly, even if you can manage to jump through all of the bureaucratic hoops, policies like this make it hard to get people to want to come.  If you had a choice—as you likely do if you are being recruited by Google—why would you choose to come to the U.S., if this is how we treat even those immigrants who do everything by the book?  As Matt Levine over at Bloomberg put it: One upshot of Trump's executive order is that United States lawful permanent residents, who have jumped through years of hoops to comply with the intricate immigration rules enshrined in U.S. law, are no longer protected by that law. They can be deported at the whim of the President, or his advisers, or a Border Patrol agent. Matt’s point is that this is “bad for business.”   Isolationism is Particularly Bad for American Internet Firms While the brief makes the business case against an immigration ban in a globalized world, it does not fully explain how isolationism hurts American internet firms in particular.  What the brief leaves out is the simple fact that American efforts to exclude are inconsistent with the message of American internet firms—Facebook, remember, wants to “connect the world”—and the fact that American firms dominate the global internet.  The U.S. makes up a tiny percentage of total internet users (around eight percent), yet in many, many countries, at least half of the most popular websites are managed by American firms.  In France and India, the figure is eight of the ten most popular websites.  In Brazil, it is six of ten.  In Nigeria, it is five of ten.  Website statistics like these do not tell the whole story, of course, but they are corroborated by other evidence.  One estimate suggests that only 13% of Facebook’s users are in the U.S. If you want evidence of how isolationist policies can harm internet firms, ask yourself how many Chinese apps are running on phones outside of China.  China is a huge country with a massive tech sector, yet so far its global reach is largely limited to hardware (much of which is made on behalf of foreign firms like Apple or Samsung).  One effect of China’s isolationist internet policies—some of which are technological and some of which are jurisdictional—is to effectively cleave China from much of the global market for internet services.  Perhaps you look at China and draw the opposite conclusion: just look at that their hardware firms, which are thriving despite strict government oversight!  Good point.  But Foxconn could never survive under Trump-style isolationism.  China’s hardware sector thrives because labor costs are low, and while China is isolationist with regard to internet content, it is decidedly not isolationist with regard to trade of manufactured goods.  (You probably don’t have a Chinese app on your phone, but your phone probably was made in China.)  So American firms that make most of their money-making hardware—firms like Tesla and Apple—also depend on easy access to a global market.   The Tech Industry’s Uneven Response Given the above, it is somewhat surprising that it took this long for the tech industry to react to Trump’s policies. Don’t get me wrong—plenty of the employees at top firms have been vocal in their opposition to Trump’s policies, but this could simply suggest that tech firms employ liberals who dislike Trump.  It was hardly industry-level recognition of the threat posed by Trump’s proposed policies.  And while some tech firms have issued statements ranging from furrowed brows to hair-on-fire outrage, others in the tech sector have not done much to distance themselves from Trump.  Elon Musk blandly tweeted that the President’s Executive Order is, like, probably not great:  The blanket entry ban on citizens from certain primarily Muslim countries is not the best way to address the country’s challenges — Elon Musk (@elonmusk) January 29, 2017 But one wonders how much of this concern is mere posturing to reassure customers in the U.S., rather than recognition of a long-term threat to the industry.  For example, Uber was caught flat footed this weekend by a #deleteUber campaign after the firm appeared to drop surge pricing in order to bypass the taxi boycott at JFK—a campaign that quickly vaulted Lyft to the top of the most-downloaded apps list this weekend.  Uber, scrambling, pledged to do nice things for immigrants—the behavior of a firm that listens to its customers, but does not see the immigration ban as bad for the firm independent of public outrage. Perhaps the industry’s response has so far been tamer than it might otherwise be because the stock market rally has people feeling pretty good. Or perhaps tech leaders are looking hard for silver linings.  Let’s consider the possible silver linings for the tech sector of a Trump presidency. It is true, in theory, that not all of the Trump administration’s stances are bad for the entire sector. For example, if the Trump administration makes good on its pledge to invest in infrastructure, this could spur innovation in certain fields—such as robotics and autonomous vehicles.  But to hold onto the hope that this infrastructure plan (if it can even be called a plan) will (a) become a reality and (b) be such a boon for the industry that it merits ignoring the costs outlined above—that is really to grasp at straws. Perhaps, then, some Silicon Valley leaders are thinking that Trump, whatever the merits of his policies, will radically change the status quo, and that will create opportunities to innovate or, in Valley lingo, to “disrupt.”  And hey: disruption is good!  One problem with this view is that it is far from clear that disruption is in fact good for the tech sector as a whole, and it is especially not clear that disruption is good for the more established firms like Microsoft, Google, and Apple—that is to say, the firms that are established enough to have gone public and now be a part of your retirement portfolio.  The only people that I can imagine would take such a view about widespread disruption are those poised to take advantage of it.  That is to say, the nimble and capital-rich—folks like billionaire Trump advisor Peter Thiel.  As Thiel told Maureen Dowd: “Everyone says Trump is going to change everything way too much …Well, maybe Trump is going to change everything way too little. That seems like the much more plausible risk to me.” That statement has not aged well. The bigger problem with the disruption-brings-opportunity thesis is that it seemingly justifies anything – including self-destruction. Here, the target of the disruption is the very mechanism by which we ensure that the United States is able to attract talent, disseminate its technology, and engage in cross-border collaboration and innovation. It would be perverse to welcome the decimation of U.S. norms of inclusiveness and connectedness as a form of innovation. Indeed, of all the areas where the U.S. actually needs to innovate, one would think that the last place is its norms of inclusiveness and connectedness.  We can imagine innovators coming up with creative ways to narrow the delta between our current practices and our strongest principles in a number of areas – such as in our elections, our classrooms, and our healthcare system, to name just a few.  But to revisit the very principles themselves—principles that created an environment where refugees like Sergey Brin could find asylum, an education, and the capital to create the world’s most innovative technology firms?  I can’t think of a better way to drain the Valley. Topics:  Donald Trump Tags:  Annals of the Trump Administration Andrew Keane Woods is a Visiting Professor at the University of Texas School of Law, a Cybersecurity Fellow at the Robert Strauss Center, and an Assistant Professor at the University of Kentucky College of Law. In his previous position, he was a postdoctoral cybersecurity fellow at Stanford University. He holds a J.D. from Harvard Law School and a Ph.D. in Politics from the University of Cambridge, where he was a Gates Scholar. @andrewkwoods More Articles Published by the Lawfare Institute in Cooperation With Related Articles Thoughts on a Strange Day—and a Very Strange Presidential Tweet Benjamin Wittes Fri, Feb 10, 2017, 9:35 PM The Ninth Circuit on the Refugee EO: The Government’s Least Bad Option Peter Margulies Fri, Feb 10, 2017, 4:14 PM Congress's Role in the Debate over Trump's Executive Order Jessica Brandt Fri, Feb 10, 2017, 12:42 PM How the Ninth Circuit Did It: Due Process Sinkhole Swallows Trump’s Executive Order Whole Jane Chong Fri, Feb 10, 2017, 12:21 PM Summary: Trump Issues Three Executive Orders on Crime and Law Enforcement Rick Houghton Fri, Feb 10, 2017, 11:31 AM Support Lawfare Explore View all Topics Asia Pacific Book Reviews Brief Reviews Civil Liberties and Constitutional Rights Covert Action Targeted Killing Bits and Bytes Cybersecurity Drones International Governance Detention & Guantanamo Interrogation Foreign Policy Essay Homeland Security International Law ISIS Terrorism Trials & Investigations FISA Surveillance AUMF Al Qaeda War Powers Military Commissions The Meaning of Lawfare Iran Middle East Ticker Middle East and North Africa Media Criticism Podcasts Rational Security Steptoe Cyberlaw Podcast Russia and Eastern Europe Secrecy & Leaks Appointments, Confirmations & Budgets Politics & National Security Readings Hard National Security Choices About Lawfare Masthead Comments Policy Job Board Upcoming Events Subscribe Support Lawfare Published by the Lawfare Institute in Cooperation With © 2017 The Lawfare Institute
CNET Reviews Best Products Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Networking Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Phones Printers Software Smart Home Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Best smart home devices How To News Tour our smart apartment Tour our smart house Product Compatibility Amazon Alexa Apple HomeKit Belkin WeMo Google Home Lutron Nest Philips Hue Samsung SmartThings Wink Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET Signed in as My Profile My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español No, iPhones aren't dropping Lightning connectors. Here's what that UAC story really means. Several blogs reported that Apple was developing a new "Ultra Accessory Connector" (UAC) that's smaller than USB-C and Lightning, but Apple says it isn't new at all. Phones by David Carnoy February 6, 2017 1:58 PM PST @DavidCarnoy Big news! Apple is not killing off a port Misinterpretation of an online report led some to believe that Apple might do what it's done in the past. We talked to Apple to clear things up. by Iyaz Akhtar 1:20 Close Drag Enlarge Image Apple's alleged new connector is an old off-the-shelf connector used with such products as Nikon cameras. http://www.jcshop.co.uk/ Apple blog 9to5Mac reported today that Apple was planning a "new smaller Ultra Accessory Connector (UAC) for Made-for-iPhone accessories," which created a small uproar in the blogosphere. Another Apple connector? There's Lightning for iPhones and iPads, and USB-C for Macs. Why do we need another connector, and a potentially proprietary one at that? Aren't we already using too many dongles? But hold on. Apple told CNET that the alleged new connector isn't new at all and has been around for years and used with such products as Nikon cameras. The problem is it doesn't have a standard name. Foxlink calls that Nikon connector the UC-E6 while Mitsumi calls it the Ultra Mini Connector. To help standardize the name, Apple said it dubbed it the "Ultra Accessory Connector." So, new name, but not a new connector. Apple is simply supporting the off-the-shelf connector as part of its MFi ("Made for iPhone") certification program. Companies don't need to use the connector, but it's one Apple will support in the program, Apple told CNET. 9to5Mac reported that "Apple will allow accessory manufacturers to make Lightning to UAC, USB-A to UAC, and 3.5mm headset jacks to UAC, which would allow headphones with a UAC port to connect to various Apple devices." That part of the article is accurate, CNET confirmed. So, rest easy, folks: There isn't a totally new proprietary Apple connector in the works -- that anybody knows about yet, anyway. Share your voice 0 comments Tags Apple Phones Apple All the latest Apple news, featuring developments on the iPhone, iPad, Macbooks, OS X and much more. Feb 10 iPhone 8's iris scanner, wireless charging rumors pick up steam Feb 10 All new iPhones will feature wireless charging, analyst says Feb 10 Apple's W1 Bluetooth chip, explained Feb 10 The iPhone 10th anniversary edition could cost $1,000 All Apple Stories More stories LG G6 teasers emphasize battery life, artificial intelligence All new iPhones will feature wireless charging, analyst says LeEco's one-day sale includes phones, large-screen TVs Best Phones of 2017 Close   Discuss: No, iPhones aren't dropping Lightning connectors.... Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: Here's why tech has taken over our relationships CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
printed February 11, 2017 See this page online at: http://www.phonescoop.com/articles/article.php?a=18705 ≡ Reviews Phones Phone Finder News Carriers OSes Glossary Forums Register Log In Advertising Licensing About Contact Privacy Terms of Use Home  ›  News  › Apple Makes New iOS and WatchOS Betas Available to Devs Article Comments   Monday, 1:47 PM   by Eric M. Zeman   @phonescooper Apple today made available a handful of new beta builds of its core operating systems. The new releases include iOS 10.3 beta 2, watchOS 3.2 beta 2, tvOS 10.2 beta 2, and Xcode 8.3 beta 2. The most notable new feature of iOS 10.3 is a tool called Find My AirPods, which helps people locate lost earbuds via an audio alert. iOS 10.3 also makes the jump to the Apple File System (APFS), refreshes the Apple ID profile, tweaks animations, and provides more details concerning iCloud storage use. WatchOS 3.2 includes two core additions to the platform: theater mode and SiriKit. Theater mode lets Watch owners disable sound and raise-to-wake functions while retaining haptic vibrations for notifications. SiriKit, available to iOS since last year, lets developers add Siri to their own watchOS apps. These new betas are meant for developers. Apple normally makes public beta builds available a day or two after it releases the developer betas. more info at Apple » Related Apple news   Apple phones iOS news AD Comments Start a new discussion You must log in to post. No messages yet     Page  1  of 1 Tweet this Follow @phonescoop on Twitter Email this Subscribe to news & reviews with RSS     Subscribe to Phone Scoop News with RSS Follow @phonescoop on Twitter Phone Scoop on Facebook Subscribe to Phone Scoop on YouTube Follow on Instagram   About Contact Terms of Use All content Copyright 2001-2017 Phone Factor, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Content on this site may not be copied or republished without formal permission. 1 OK This is a preview. Click for full glossary page. Log In  or  Register Forgot password By registering, you agree to our Terms of Use. We value your privacy and will never share your email address. (full privacy policy)
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 6 February 2017 by Military News Citius Systems Introduces qCharge, A Compact Apple Watch Charger for Your Active Lifestyle TUSTIN, Calif., Feb. 6, 2017 /PRNewswire-iReach/ — The qCharge is a portable, wireless, and compact Apple Watch charger that provides easy and quick charging from anywhere, and boasts a built-in CPU for smart battery life management. Designed to hook onto a key ring, fit into a pocket, or tuck neatly inside of a purse or briefcase, the qCharge operates with a fully integrated magnetic charging module and battery to effortlessly provide multiple Apple Watch charges. The qCharge’s own battery is charged via a micro-USB connector from an external power source. Its high input current and efficiency ratings significantly reduce unit charging time, giving users maximum charging capability more often. With the qCharge, there’s no need to be confined to messy wires, bulky equipment, or electrical outlets. The qCharge ensures a fully charged Apple Watch anywhere, anytime. “The qCharge has integrated the latest technologies in portable battery management with an aesthetically attractive design for your on-the-go lifestyle. We hope that the qCharge will give Apple Watch users the opportunity to fully utilize all the features the Watch has to offer,” said Andrew Baek, CEO and founder of Citius Systems, the company that developed and manufactures the qCharge. The qCharge’s 1200mAh battery doubles the battery life for Series2 42mm watches and extends it by 3.5 times for Original Series 38mm watches. The qCharge unit itself charges quickly and features an auto shut-off functionality to minimize battery drain. A four-light LED display indicates the qCharge battery-charging status and alerts the user when the qCharge is fully charged. The qCharge is available in black, white, or silver, and is compatible with all series of the Apple Watch. The qCharge will be available for single item or bulk order purchase at special Indiegogo pricing for a limited time during its launch campaign beginning February 15, 2017. Apple Watch owners and accessories retailers have the opportunity to enjoy substantial savings on a revolutionary way of charging the Apple Watch while on the go. About Citius Systems, Inc. http://www.citius-sys.com/ Citius Systems, based in Tustin CA, has provided a full range of advanced custom electronic solutions to a number of the leading research institutions and top-tier technology companies.solutions to a number of the leading research institutions and top-tier technology companies.  Citius is an authorized Apple MFi development licensee. More information on qCharge, visit http://qcharge.co/ Media Contact: Jana Free, Citius Systems, (818) 269-8925, jfree@citius-sys.com News distributed by PR Newswire iReach: https://ireach.prnewswire.com SOURCE Citius Systems CategoriesUncategorized Tagsbattery, Companies, company, Lifestyle, Technology, Uncategorized, unit Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Ascent Audiology & Hearing Earns Coveted 2016 Angie’s List Super Service Award Next PostNext Bacon Market Sales Growth, Recent Trends by Regions, Type, Application and Geographical Analysis to 2021 Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts Operation Food Search to Hold Fourth Purses for Pantries Fundraiser Operation Food Search to Hold Fourth Purses for Pantries Fundraiser Keller Williams Realty Memphis Announces Kiana Lee Keller Williams Realty Memphis Announces Kiana Lee Attendee List Released Ahead of RNA Therapeutics Industry Summit Featuring MHRA, Silence Therapeutics and GSK Business Contacts aBusiness contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
CNET Reviews Best Products Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Networking Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Phones Printers Software Smart Home Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Forums News Apple Computers Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Best smart home devices How To News Tour our smart apartment Tour our smart house Product Compatibility Amazon Alexa Apple HomeKit Belkin WeMo Google Home Lutron Nest Philips Hue Samsung SmartThings Wink Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Games Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET Signed in as My Profile My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español No, iPhones aren't dropping Lightning connectors. Here's what that UAC story really means. Several blogs reported that Apple was developing a new "Ultra Accessory Connector" (UAC) that's smaller than USB-C and Lightning, but Apple says it isn't new at all. Phones by David Carnoy 7 February 2017 8:58 am AEDT @DavidCarnoy Big news! Apple is not killing off a port Misinterpretation of an online report led some to believe that Apple might do what it's done in the past. We talked to Apple to clear things up. by Iyaz Akhtar 1:20 Close Drag Enlarge Image Apple's alleged new connector is an old off-the-shelf connector used with such products as Nikon cameras. http://www.jcshop.co.uk/ Apple blog 9to5Mac reported today that Apple was planning a "new smaller Ultra Accessory Connector (UAC) for Made-for-iPhone accessories," which created a small uproar in the blogosphere. Another Apple connector? There's Lightning for iPhones and iPads, and USB-C for Macs. Why do we need another connector, and a potentially proprietary one at that? Aren't we already using too many dongles? But hold on. Apple told CNET that the alleged new connector isn't new at all and has been around for years and used with such products as Nikon cameras. The problem is it doesn't have a standard name. Foxlink calls that Nikon connector the UC-E6 while Mitsumi calls it the Ultra Mini Connector. To help standardize the name, Apple said it dubbed it the "Ultra Accessory Connector." So, new name, but not a new connector. Apple is simply supporting the off-the-shelf connector as part of its MFi ("Made for iPhone") certification program. Companies don't need to use the connector, but it's one Apple will support in the program, Apple told CNET. 9to5Mac reported that "Apple will allow accessory manufacturers to make Lightning to UAC, USB-A to UAC, and 3.5mm headset jacks to UAC, which would allow headphones with a UAC port to connect to various Apple devices." That part of the article is accurate, CNET confirmed. So, rest easy, folks: There isn't a totally new proprietary Apple connector in the works -- that anybody knows about yet, anyway. Share your voice 0 comments Tags Apple Phones Apple All the latest Apple news, featuring developments on the iPhone, iPad, Macbooks, OS X and much more. Feb 10 iPhone 8's iris scanner, wireless charging rumors pick up steam Feb 10 All new iPhones will feature wireless charging, analyst says Feb 10 Apple's W1 Bluetooth chip, explained Feb 10 The iPhone 10th anniversary edition could cost $1,000 All Apple Stories More stories LG G6 teasers emphasize battery life, artificial intelligence All new iPhones will feature wireless charging, analyst says Apple patent points to potential iPhone 8 camera capabilities Best Phones 2017 Close   Discuss: No, iPhones aren't dropping Lightning connectors.... Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: Here's why tech has taken over our relationships CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Feb 11, 4:09 AM EST Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology Maps For iOS, macOS Gets New Orleans Public Transit Directions Ahead Of Mardi Gras Festival By Corazon Victorino On 02/06/17 AT 4:56 PM Close Last week, Apple helped tourists traveling around Houston, Texas for Super Bowl LI by updating its Maps app for iOS and macOS with the city’s public transit data. This week, the Cupertino giant is doing the same for tourists heading to New Orleans for the Mardi Gras festival. Apple Insider reported that because New Orleans is expecting an influx of tourists ahead of its Mardi Gras parade on Feb. 28, Tim Cook’s company grabbed the opportunity to help these tourists find their way in the city by updating its Maps app. The update comes with transit directions that will help iPhone and Mac users reach their destinations within the city.  The transit data seeded to the app include a mix of bus, train, streetcar and walking directions. Amtrak information is also available for tourists who plan to go to places within the city via train. Jefferson Transit buses are supported by the feature as well. The different routes are color-coded to make it easier for users to keep track of their itinerary. Users are advised not to head to areas with missing transit directions.  Related Stories Apple Stores Have Beats X Earbuds In Stock iPhone, Siri, CarPlay And Other Apple Products Expected To Grow In 2017 Google Assistant Coming To Nexus 5X, 6P Apple originally introduced transit data to its Maps app in the earlier versions of iOS. Unfortunately, it was removed from the app when iOS 6 was launched. Then, it was reintroduced in 2015 when iOS 9 debuted. At the time, transit data was made available to select cities all over the world, including Los Angeles, Berlin, New York, London, Chicago, Toronto, San Francisco, Boston, Philadelphia and more than 300 cities in China, according to MacRumors.  In iOS 10, transit data can be viewed via its own tab in the Maps app. It has also been expanded to many destinations within the country, such as Miami, San Diego, Dallas, Portland, Kansas City, Seattle, Honolulu and Denver. The feature has also expanded to show transportation data of England, Scotland, Wales, Manchester, Bristol, Nottingham, Newcastle, Liverpool and Glasgow, among many others.  Join the Discussion Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Business US Companies Continue Moving Jobs To Mexico Despite the threats of a 35 percent tariff, American companies are moving forward to lay off hundreds of US jobs. Technology Leaked Branding Hints At Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus A popular tech informant has shared the name of one of the Galaxy S8 models. World Snowden Says Report Proves He Never Spied For Russia Edward Snowden, who was given refuge in Russia in 2013, is facing espionage charges in the U.S. for leaking documents about secret mass surveillance programs. National Dossier On Trump-Russia Ties Gaining Credibility: Report While people didn't take the documents seriously when they first came to light, a large number are reassessing their stance following Trump’s stand on Russia during his campaign. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Feb 11, 4:09 AM EST Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology Apple Rolls Out New iOS 10.3 Beta Update With Find My AirPods Feature, App Store Changes To Developers By Corazon Victorino On 02/06/17 AT 4:59 PM Close Just over a month since releasing iOS 10.2 to the public, Apple is back to working on the next major update for its mobile operating system. This week, the Cupertino giant is rolling out the second beta build for iOS 10.3 to developers in order for them to test out the new features and changes that are coming with the official update.  On Monday, MacRumors learned that registered Apple developers received iOS 10.3 beta 2 via the Apple Developer Center or as an OTA update for their properly configured devices. Since the new beta is still in the process of being seeded to registered developers, details about its contents are still scarce. However, it is already expected to come with the features and improvements outed by the first beta build.  One such feature that was discovered by developers in the first iOS 10.3 beta is Find My AirPods. Like what its name suggests, this new feature is designed to help AirPods owners track their wireless headphones should one piece or the pair go missing. What this feature does basically is record the location of the AirPods when they are connected to an iOS device via bluetooth. The last known location of the headphones is then shown to iOS users to better their chances at finding their lost earpiece.  Related Stories Apple Stores Have Beats X Earbuds In Stock iPhone, Siri, CarPlay And Other Apple Products Expected To Grow In 2017 Google Assistant Coming To Nexus 5X, 6P The new beta with build code 14E5239e also boasts of a new Reviews API, as per Apple Insider. This update is said to limit the times apps send out pop-up notifications asking for App Store reviews to users. The pop-ups are reportedly limited to three times a year only. Should users want to disable these notifications entirely, there is also an option for them to do so.  Also part of the App Store changes is the feature that allows users to label app reviews as “Helpful” or “Not Helpful.” This would be helpful to other users who are also checking out the labeled apps in the App Store. Another implementation enables developers to directly respond to customer reviews.  As a significant update, iOS 10.3 is expected to bring more new features and system changes to the table. Fixes for bugs found in the previous beta are also imperative. Apple has yet to reveal the release date of the next major update. However, it won’t be a stretch to presume that it is due to come out next month.  Join the Discussion Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Business US Companies Continue Moving Jobs To Mexico Despite the threats of a 35 percent tariff, American companies are moving forward to lay off hundreds of US jobs. Technology Leaked Branding Hints At Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus A popular tech informant has shared the name of one of the Galaxy S8 models. World Snowden Says Report Proves He Never Spied For Russia Edward Snowden, who was given refuge in Russia in 2013, is facing espionage charges in the U.S. for leaking documents about secret mass surveillance programs. National Dossier On Trump-Russia Ties Gaining Credibility: Report While people didn't take the documents seriously when they first came to light, a large number are reassessing their stance following Trump’s stand on Russia during his campaign. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Apple is preparing for the iPhone 8 launch to be the biggest in history Chris Mills BGR NewsFebruary 6, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share By all accounts, this year’s iPhone launch will be a big deal. Unlike the last few years, which have seen mostly-incremental improvements, Apple is expected to blow the doors off with the 10th anniversary iPhone. We already have some idea of what the handset will look like, thanks to the endless leaks, but a supply chain report now suggests that Apple will be ramping up production months before it usually does. That hints at one thing: Apple is expecting the iPhone 8 to sell like crazy. Don't Miss: Here’s the full list of 97 companies that just filed against Trump’s immigration ban The report comes from BlueFin Research via Barron’s, and suggests that Apple will ramp up production in June, months ahead of the usual schedule: Interestingly, our present reads suggest a 300% increase in iPhone 8/X builds in the June quarter, now sitting at 9M. As a result, overall June quarter builds have increased from 45M to 48M, with the sharp increase in iPhone 8 offset somewhat by modest declines in legacy models. In the past, builds of upcoming releases began in earnest early in the September quarter, so this is a departure from AAPL’s normal build cadence. The report specifically says that Apple will not release the phone earlier than usual, so ramping up production presumably means that Apple is planning for bigger sales than usual. That would line up well with the rumored specs and features of the handset. We’re expecting to see an edge-to-edge display with very little bezel, including at the top and bottom. That would mean integrating the home button, speaker and front-facing camera into the phone. But it would also mean a serious design upgrade, and provide a big selling point for a phone line that’s been very samey for the last three years. Trending right now: 10 paid iPhone apps on sale for free today Here’s the full list of 97 companies that just filed against Trump’s immigration ban Report claims Apple’s next revolutionary product might be released later this year See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next Your first look at 'Avengers: Infinity War' CNET McKayla Maroney Looks Completely Unrecognizable AllRookieSponsored Wristband monitors your blood alcohol content while you drink Yahoo Tech The White House employee who ensures Trump doesn’t get hacked has been fired BGR News The Galaxy Note 7 disaster is forcing Samsung to make the Galaxy S8 worse BGR News Why Customers Will Be Back For DIRECTV. DIRECTV for BUSINESS™Sponsored Target’s big Apple Watch sale is still happening right now BGR News Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo Finance
Close Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Navigate Videos Features Reviews Ars Approved RSS Feeds Mobile Site About Ars Staff Directory Contact Us Advertise with Ars Reprints Filter by topic Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Settings Front page layout Grid List Unified Wide Site theme Black on white White on black Sign in Comment activity Sign up or login to join the discussions! Stay logged in | Having trouble? Sign up to comment and more Sign up Ars Technica UK Infinite Loop — Apple’s “new” UAC port wasn’t made by Apple, and it isn’t new "Ultra Accessory Connector" is Apple's name for an obscure but already-existent port. Andrew Cunningham - Feb 6, 2017 9:33 pm UTC Enlarge / This connector, sometimes called an "Ultra Mini Connector" or "UC-E6," isn't new and it's not an Apple creation. Mitsumi reader comments 148 Share this story A 9to5Mac report making the rounds today claims that Apple would be adding support for a new connector to its "Made For iPhone" accessory licensing program. Dubbed the "Ultra Accessory Connector" or "UAC" in Apple's documentation, the report claims this is a new port, smaller than Lightning or USB-C, that could be used to charge devices or transfer data. In reality, the UAC is just Apple's name for a port that is already used in some digital cameras and other accessories—Apple has just given it a new moniker. Currently, it goes by a few different titles: Mitsumi calls it an "Ultra Mini Connector" and Nikon calls it a "UC-E6" cable. In any case, it appears to be just another connector for the regular-old USB spec. When contacted for comment, Apple told us that it was adding the port to the MFi program at the request of licensees, not because it's trying to push licensees to support a new kind of connector. It's understandable that Apple's users would get worked up over the idea of a new port—the company's iDevices just made the jump from 30-pin connector to the small reversible Lightning connector in 2012. The Mac is still in the process of moving from a mix of USB, power, Ethernet, and Thunderbolt ports to USB-C and Thunderbolt 3. And Apple's iPhone 7 grabbed a lot of headlines for removing its standard 3.5mm headphone jack in favor of Lightning and wireless headphones. The "UAC" port could add yet another connector to your life if you buy an accessory with it built in, but at this point, it looks like it's not something that Apple developed itself or something that Apple is pushing as a replacement for either Lightning or USB-C. Apple is simply allowing makers of MFi products to use the port and to develop Apple-blessed cables and adapters for UAC to USB-A, UAC to USB-C, and UAC to 3.5mm headphone jack connections. Promoted Comments TomWestrick Wise, Aged Ars Veteran jump to post From what I hear, vendors want to offer a way for Android phones with USB-C and iPhones with Lightning to use the same wired headphones. If only there was a universal port for audio, something in the 3-to-4 millimeter range that would be small enough for a phone... 375 posts | registered 5/24/2016 Andrew Cunningham Andrew has a B.A. in Classics from Kenyon College and has over five years of experience in IT. His work has appeared on Charge Shot!!! and AnandTech, and he records a weekly book podcast called Overdue. Email andrew.cunningham@arstechnica.com // Twitter @AndrewWrites reader comments 148 Share this story You must login or create an account to comment. ← Previous story Next story → Related Stories Sponsored Stories Powered by Today on Ars RSS Feeds View Mobile Site Visit Ars Technica UK About Us Contact Us Staff Advertise with us Reprints WIRED Media Group Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012). Your California Privacy Rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
Startup Launch! Best Industries Funding Incubators Business Plans Naming Home-Based Business The UPS StoreView Grow Strategy Operations Sales Marketing Customer Service Franchises Build Lead Company Culture Productivity Public Speaking Hiring HR/Benefits Women Entrepreneurs Rising Stars T-MobileView Innovate Creativity Invent Design Pivot Technology Cloud Computing Social Media Security Big Data Money Bootstrapping Crowdfunding Venture Capital Borrowing Business Models Personal Finance Inc. 5000 The 2016 US List The 2016 Europe List Apply Inc. 5000 US Special Reports Founders 40 Small Business Week The Inc. Life Icons of Entrepreneurship Hot Spots Spread the Wealth Vision 2020 Secrets of the Inspired Traveler Main Street Video Founders Forum Inspiration Chronicles World's Coolest Offices Lift Inc. Live How I Did It Drinks With… Idea Lab Playbook Productivity Playbook Tip Sheet Origin Stories Ask Marcus Lemonis Events Full Schedule Inc. Women's Summit Inc.5000 Conference & Gala Iconic GrowCo Conference Inc. BrandView NEWSLETTERS MAGAZINE PARTNER CONTENT Inc. BrandView Inc. Branded Content Inc. Franchise LAUNCH! PODCASTS SUBSCRIBE ADVERTISE INC. RADIO BUSINESS TOOLS Send Press Releases Plan for your business Secure Funding Get Published OTHER EDITIONS Inc. ASEAN Inc. Arabia SITEMAP PRIVACY PRESS QUERIES AD CHOICE Search Newsletters Follow Subscribe Today's Must Reads Startup Inc. Events & Offers Inc. Partner Events & Offers Forgot Password? Enter your email to reset your password Or sign up using: New member? Sign up now. Sign in if you're already registered. INC. 5000 EUROPE European Nations Appoint 'Digital Ministers,' Recognizing the Clout of Tech Titans In countries including Denmark and Poland, governments have appointed special representatives to negotiate with global tech companies. By Zoë Henry Zoë Henry is a staff reporter at Inc. and a graduate of Brown University. She lives in Brooklyn, New York. @ZoeLaHenry Reporter, Inc.@ZoeLaHenry WRITE A COMMENT (Danish Foreign Affairs Minister Anders Samuelsen, L, and British Foreign Affairs Minister Boris Johnson, R.) Denmark recently announced the creation of a 'digital minister' to maintain a favorable relationship with tech companies. CREDIT: Getty Images Advertisement As technology companies continue to demonstrate their political influence, a number of European governments are appointing their own 'tech ambassadors,' whose job it is to maintain favorable relationships with businesses such as Apple, Facebook and Google. Last month, Denmark announced the creation of a so-called 'digital minister' to serve alongside Danish diplomats. The position has yet to be filled, though insiders say the person will be tasked with maintaining a good relationship with large, foreign companies, discussing hot-button issues such as data security and customer privacy. "Just as we engage in a diplomatic dialogue with countries, we also need to establish and prioritize comprehensive relations with tech actors, such as Google, Facebook, Apple and so on," explains Denmark Foreign Minister Anders Samuelsen, in an interview with the Washington Post. "The idea is, we see a lot of companies and new technologies that will in many ways involve and be part of everyday life of citizens in Denmark. And some also have a size that is comparable to nations." To his point, consider that Apple booked nearly $234 billion in 2015 fiscal year revenues--or roughly the size of Finland's economy, according to World Bank data. Digital Ambassadors Abroad Although the Danish Foreign Ministry claims that this is the first true 'digital minister' in the world, a number of foreign governments have created similar roles. In the U.K., Matt Hancock serves as minister of state for digital and culture, overseeing cyber-security and digital markets, among other things. Back in 2014, France appointed Axelle Lemaire to the post of 'digital minister,' where she's now pushing for more companies to startup locally. (Lemaire recently oversaw the creation of a special Tech Visa for bringing foreign investors and entrepreneurs to French soil. Her job, translated from her LinkedIn profile, is to ensure that "technology serves innovation, job creation and growth, while respecting users' private lives.") Meanwhile, Poland's digital economy minister, Anna Strezynska, recently accused Facebook of censorship, after the social network suspended some Polish users' profiles for using a little-known far-right symbol, the Falanga. The Polish Ministry of Digital Affairs, founded in 2015, says it's responsible for developing broadband infrastructure and supporting the creation of web content. Yet Denmark's position may well be unique, inasmuch as American tech companies are taking more notice of the nation's business ecosystem. Just last month, Facebook said that it would build a 600,000 square-foot data center in the Danish town of Odense, and last year, Apple announced that it would invest 1.7 billion euros ($1.8 billion) in new data centers in Denmark and Ireland. Unofficial Emissary Although the U.S. does not have a designated digital minister at present, some have pointed out that Peter Thiel effectively serves this role. The billionaire venture capitalist and co-founder of PayPal is a top advisor to President Trump--having been a vocal, if lone Trump supporter in Silicon Valley during the 2016 election--and he's a member of the President's transition team. In December, Thiel helped to broker a meeting between Trump and roughly a dozen tech executives, and has been responsible for crafting technology-centered government policy, according to a Wall Street Journal report. Published on: Feb 6, 2017 Advertisement
x BBC America By BBC AmericaGET IT NOW Search for: Search Full EpisodesMoviesSchedule Social Follow BBC America Get caught up in the latest full episodes of BBC America shows See Full Schedule On Now: Live TV Search for: Search All Shows Movies Anglophenia Doctor Who The Graham Norton Show 16 Full Episodes Planet Earth II Dirk Gently's Holistic Detective Agency Orphan Black 40 Full Episodes Top Gear 14 Full Episodes Full EpisodesMoviesSchedule Now Trending: Doctor Who, Sherlock, Tom Hiddleston Search (Photo: BBC) 5 Shows to Watch if You’re Jonesing for ‘Apple Tree Yard’ Anglophenia (Photo: BBC) Copy the link below To share this on Facebook click on the link below. Open Facebook By Brigid Brown | 4 days ago Here at Anglophenia, we’re currently craving a look at the new BBC drama, Apple Tree Yard. The teaser trailers are filled with so much intrigue and mystery, with Emily Watson (Dr. Yvonne Carmichael) to Ben Chaplin, who plays her lover, Mark. Waitaminute, have we gotten ahead of ourselves? Are you thinking to yourself, “Erm, what the bleep is Apple Tree Yard?” It’s understandable if the title is new to you, with the four-part series only just premiering in the U.K. on January 22. As of now, there’s no set date for the series to air in the U.S., but that doesn’t stop us wanting to know more. For the moment, we’ll have to make do with an intriguing clip or two: <noscript><iframe style="border: none; overflow: hidden;" src="https://www.facebook.com/plugins/video.php?href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.facebook.com%2FBBCOne%2Fvideos%2F1354974747856273%2F&amp;show_text=0&amp;width=560" width="560" height="315" frameborder="0" scrolling="no" allowfullscreen="allowfullscreen"></noscript> Upon further investigation, (SPOILER ALERT) we learn the first episode depicts a violent act. The treatment of the material is, however,  being applauded for handling the graphic scene with an honest and realistic tone, and not sensationalizing or sexualizing assault. This second trailer hints at what happened, and the events that follow: <noscript><iframe style="border: none; overflow: hidden;" src="https://www.facebook.com/plugins/video.php?href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.facebook.com%2FBBCOne%2Fvideos%2F1366711076682640%2F&amp;show_text=0&amp;width=560" width="560" height="315" frameborder="0" scrolling="no" allowfullscreen="allowfullscreen"></noscript> Watching the above previews remind us of when we first saw Emily Blunt in the Girl on the Train trailer, and thought, “Must. Know. What’s. Happening.” Well, there is one way to go about that: If you’re so inclined, you can get a head start on the series by reading Louise Doughty‘s novel by the same name (which is exactly what we did before the film adaptation of Girl on the Train hit the big screen): Desperately trying to finish #AppleTreeYard by @DoughtyLouise asap so I can watch it on @BBCOne tonight pic.twitter.com/nKVVGxh490 — Alice Graham (@alicevgraham) January 22, 2017 Now that that we’ve piqued your interest, here are five shows you CAN watch right now that explore similar themes as those seen in Apple Tree Yard, including betrayal, anguish and, ultimately, survival (well, we hope). Here are five shows that don’t fall far from Apple Tree Yard (sorry, we couldn’t help ourselves): 1. Marcella You may recognize Anna Friel from the 2007 dark comedy Pushing Daisies, where she starred opposite Lee Pace. Now she takes on the role of detective Marcella Backland in the crime drama Marcella. The detective sergeant was in a happy marriage, or so she thought; until one day she found herself replaced by someone who could do it “better.” Whatever that means. There’s only so much one can do to get past such an isolating experience, but Marcella finds purpose by throwing herself into her detective work, tracking a serial killer who has become active again, reopening an 11-year-old cold case. Marcella is available for streaming via Netflix. <noscript><iframe width="500" height="281" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/UIQns-OO5dw?feature=oembed" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></noscript> 2. The Night Of Life as we know it can change in but an instant, as we see in The Night Of, starring Riz Ahmed as Nasir Khan. The story began when Nasir borrows his father’s taxi. Mistaken for a cab driver, he picked up a young woman as a passenger. The two hit it off, he spent the night at hers, only to wake up to her bloodied murdered body. He soon finds himself behind bars, not knowing himself what exactly happened. You can catch up with The Night Of via HBO Go. <noscript><iframe width="500" height="281" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/556N5vojtp0?feature=oembed" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></noscript> 3. The Politician’s Husband By coincidence, our third item also stars Apple Tree Yard‘s Emily Watson. But the story itself is what attracted us to The Politician’s Husband. Anglo fan favorite David Tennant (Doctor Who) plays Senior Cabinet Minister Aiden Hoynes. His career takes a tumble when he resigns from his post to take on a different position. Except, those plans are upset when his friend betrays him. His wife, played by Watson, picks up the pieces of their life by going back to work as a politician herself. Watson delivers more great lines with this series, like when calling her husband out for getting them in a fix, saying, “I am not the reason that you did this. I am just the excuse.” To find out exactly what “this” is and what he did, you can catch the three-part miniseries over at iTunes. <noscript><iframe width="500" height="281" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/W2oJPUeVNoc?feature=oembed" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></noscript> 4. Paranoid When people are sneaking around and lying to you, as seen in the above clips, it’s easy to be suspicious. We thought the four-part series Paranoid would be appropriate for this list. The series revolves around a woman being murdered in the middle of the day at a playground, with a number of witnesses, including her young son. Indira Varma (Game of Thrones) stars as detective Nina Suresh, and takes the lead on the case. In addition to her work, Nina struggles with her love life, wanting to have children but knowing she may be running out of time due to her age. Per usual, it’s not as straightforward as it seems, with Paranoid star Robert Glenister (Close to the Enemy) saying, “Paranoid starts off as a generic police procedural and then develops into something else.” Paranoid is available over at Netflix. <noscript><iframe src="https://player.vimeo.com/video/172725077" width="640" height="360" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="allowfullscreen"></noscript> 5. Crashing You’re probably picking up on a pattern here: these people’s lives are coming crashing down, and they all have different ways of coping. We’re not going to veer from that theme even though our final item is a comedy. Pete Holmes learns his wife is cheating on him in his new TV series. And what is it called? Oh, Crashing. And how does Holmes (no relation to Sherlock) deal with this news of infidelity? He takes it to the stage, venting about how his life is in shambles as part of his standup comedy routine. Ultimately, he turns his act into self-therapy, proving you can make light of personal trauma. Crashing premieres on Sunday, February 19 at 10:30pm Eastern on HBO. <noscript><iframe width="500" height="281" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/U1vPbiStGAg?feature=oembed" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></noscript> You never know — this post might get Apple Tree Yard stateside earlier than expected. If you talk about it, it will come… Who is reading Apple Tree Yard now?  Maybe it’s time to start a book club! Read More Filed Under: Apple Tree Yard, Ben Chaplin, Emily Watson Copy the link below To share this on Facebook click on the link below. Open Facebook By Brigid Brown Advertisement Topics Mind the Gap Whoniversity Trending ‘Doctor Who’: 10 Things You May Not Know About ‘Journey’s End’ ‘Victoria’ Season Two is in Motion with Table Reading WATCH: Tom Hiddleston Masters a Range of British Accents While Getting Dressed WATCH: One Woman, 17 British Accents 10 Things To Know This Week 1 WHAT TO WATCH WHETHER YOU HAVE A DATE FOR VALENTINE’S DAY OR NOT 'Michael Bolton's Big Sexy Valentine's Day Special' 2 WHAT TO WATCH WITH A LARGE CUSHION TO HIDE BEHIND 'David Brent: Life on the Road' 3 WHAT TO WATCH IF YOU LIKE A HIGH-STAKES LOVE STORY 'A United Kingdom' See More! Video Series WATCH: What’s Hot in Coffee? Let’s Hit Shoreditch’s Cafés SEE ALL VIDEOS Choose your provider to watch Live TV & Full Episodes See All Providers To watch full episodes, you must have a cable provider that supports BBC America's full episode service and you must have BBC America as part of your cable package. BBC America Schedule FAQ Contact Newsletter Shop Copyright © 2010-2017 New Video Channel America, LLC. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Cookies Privacy Policy Deactivated Account Your account has been deactivated. Change password {* #changePasswordForm *} {* currentPassword *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* /changePasswordForm *} Deactivate your Account Are you sure you want to deactivate your account? You will no longer have access to your profile. {* deactivateAccountForm *} No {* /deactivateAccountForm *} BBC America Sign In Thank you for creating an BBC America account A verification email has been sent, please verify your account to post comments. Continue Continue to log in for full episodes. BBCAmerica.com Password Reset An email has been sent with instructions for resetting your password. If you do not see it in your inbox, please check your junk or spam folder. Close BBCAmerica.com Password Reset {* #forgotPasswordForm *} Please enter the email address associated with your account, and we'll send you an email with instructions on how to reset your password. {* signInEmailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} {* mergeAccounts {"custom": true} *} {| rendered_current_photo |} {| current_displayName |} {| current_emailAddress |} {| foundExistingAccountText |} {| current_emailAddress |}. {| moreInfoHoverText |} {| existing_displayName |} - {| existing_provider |} : {| existing_siteName |} {| existing_createdDate |} {| moreInfoText |} {| rendered_existing_provider_photo |} {| existing_displayName |} {| existing_provider_emailAddress |} Created {| existing_createdDate |} at {| existing_siteName |} {| connectLegacyRadioText |} {| createRadioText |} {| current_provider |} Validating {| connect_button |} {| create_button |} Full Episodes Sign In Choose your provider to watch Live TV & Full Episodes Choose your provider to watch Live TV & Full Episodes See All Providers To watch full episodes, you must have a cable provider that supports BBC America's full episode service and you must have BBC America as part of your cable package. Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for link to verify your account. Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. Sign In Change password {* #changePasswordFormNoAuth *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* /changePasswordFormNoAuth *} Account Sign In Sign in to get more from BBCAmerica.com Select an account Sign in | Sign Up {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Forgot Password Sign In {* /signInForm *} New to BBC America? Sign up now. {* loginWidget *} New to BBC America? Sign up now. Resume full episodes where you left off Receive BBC America tune-in reminders Discuss your favorite shows with other fans Back Skip This Step Account Sign In Let us know more about you {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* displayName *} {* emailAddress *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* cableProvider *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} {* backButton *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} BBC America Sign In Create your BBC America Account {* #registrationForm *} {* displayName *} {* emailAddress *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* cableProvider *} Cancel By clicking Continue, I agree to the Privacy Policy {* /registrationForm *} You did it! Thank you for verifiying your email address. Continue Verify Your Email You must verify your account in order to post comments. Please enter your email address and you'll receive a verification link to proceed. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *}
  Choisissez la langue de votre document : bg - български es - español cs - čeština da - dansk de - Deutsch et - eesti keel el - ελληνικά en - English (Selected) fr - français ga - Gaeilge hr - hrvatski it - italiano lv - latviešu valoda lt - lietuvių kalba hu - magyar mt - Malti nl - Nederlands pl - polski pt - português ro - română sk - slovenčina sl - slovenščina fi - suomi sv - svenska Parliamentary questions 30 January 2017 P-000533-17 Question for written answer to the Commission Rule 130 Dariusz Rosati (PPE)  Subject:  Apple's failure to comply with EU norms In 2009, 14 mobile phone manufacturers, including Apple, signed a memorandum of understanding on harmonising chargers for all mobile phones available on the EU market. In 2010, the Commission said that micro-USB would be the official standard charger for portable devices. Most manufacturers have adapted their products to EU standards and changed the charging port for all mobile phones entering the market as from 2011 to micro-USB. Apple, alone, has not changed its charging port. What is more, it replaced its 30-pin charger with Lightning for the iPhone 5, which was released onto the market in 2012, which means that customers who wanted to buy a new model also had to buy a new charger. Apple offers adapters, but these are not so much a solution as yet another item adding to the 51 000 or so tonnes of electronic waste the EU generates each year. In 2013, the internal market and Consumer Protection Committee drew up a proposal to minimise the volume of electronic waste and make life easier for users by bringing the universal charger into rules on the marketing of telecommunications equipment. To this day, however, Apple phones still have not been fitted with micro-USB charging ports. 1. Has the Commission given up on trying to harmonise chargers for all mobile phones on the EU market? 2 How is it planning to tackle the above issue? Original language of question: PL   Last updated: 6 February 2017 Legal notice
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iPad Air 2 iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS Sierra tvOS 10 watchOS 3 Buyer's Guide Forums iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air Apple VR Project iMac iPad Air 2 Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > Target Discounting Series 1 Apple Watch Models by $70 Monday February 6, 2017 12:35 PM PST by Juli Clover Target is currently discounting its entire Series 1 Apple Watch lineup by $70, dropping prices as low as $199.99 on 38mm models and as low as $229.99 on 42mm models. Regular pricing is at $269.99 for 38mm Apple Watches and $299.99 for the 42mm Apple Watches. Note: MacRumors is an affiliate partner with Target and may earn commissions on purchases made through these links. A total of eight models are available at the discounted price, which is a solid deal for customers looking to pick up an Apple Watch. The Series 1 Apple Watch models feature the same faster processor that's available in the Series 2 models, but lack the GPS, improved display, and superior waterproofing. For customers who do not swim and do not need GPS positioning for fitness purposes, the Apple Watch Series 1 is ideal. A full list of discounted models is below: 38mm Space Gray Aluminum with Black Sport Band - $199.99 38mm Silver Aluminum With White Sport Band - $199.99 38mm Rose Gold Aluminum With Pink Sand Sport Band - $199.99 38mm Gold Aluminum With Concrete Sport Band - $199.99 42mm Space Gray Aluminum with Black Sport Band - $229.99 42mm Silver Aluminum with White Sport Band - $229.99 42mm Rose Gold Aluminum With Blue Sport Band - $229.99 42mm Gold Aluminum With Cocoa Sport Band - $229.99 Target is only discounting Apple Watch Series 1 models at this time, with no discount available on the Series 2 models. Free shipping is available on the Series 1 models, and many brick and mortar Target stores have them in stock. Related Roundup: Apple Deals Tag: Target 37 comments Top Rated Comments (View all) DaveOP 5 days ago at 01:39 pm Brand new Stainless Steel (Series 0) or Brand new SG (Series 1) -- both for $199. Which one would you choose? Definitely the sport. I had a SS with Link, purchased launch day, and my taptic engine is so weak that it barely works anymore. I really only wear my watch to workout, and occasionally at work where I would like the Space Gray Sport a lot better. The S1 watch makes a lot more sense now, with the speed improvements. The S0 is frustratingly slow in any apps. Rating: 2 Votes jonnysods 4 days ago at 02:53 pm More proof that series 3 will be DOA It's just proof that apple shouldn't fragment their product line. When a new watch comes out, discontinue the old one. Same with iPads. So many iPads... Rating: 1 Votes rvinny 5 days ago at 01:38 pm Brand new Stainless Steel (Series 0) or Brand new SG (Series 1) -- both for $199. Which one would you choose? A vote for stainless S0. I have an aluminum sport S0 and the processor is fine. I've swam with it * a lot* and after 18 months, no issues. I've found that once well calibrated, even without GPS, the accuracy is "good enough". My thoughts after having one all this time is on looks; If you're trying to make it your everything watch, stainless looks more professional and acceptable. I plan to use the S0 until I see what Series 3 looks like. Personally hoping for a round watch next time but probably not likely. One thought on S0 vs S1 is with S0 we may get cut off on the OS upgrade sooner. If you plan on keeping for 2-3 years, go with the S1 for that reason alone. Rating: 1 Votes Larry The L 4 days ago at 08:32 pm More proof that series 3 will be DOA That is a completely absurd and ridiculous statement that has absolutely no proof behind it other than a strange logic that escapes common sense and rationality. Rating: 1 Votes satchmo 3 days ago at 04:08 pm Interesting. Neither companies showed detail specs in size. But the weight is not much difference where the Sony is 45g for the core unit, and the Apple Watch 2 range from 28.2g for the aluminum case 38mm all the way to 45.6g for the ceramic 42mm case. But the battery life difference is like 3 times! Something does not add up. I believe the Sony Smartwatch 3 is around 51mm, doesn't have a heart rate sensor, 320 x320 vs Apple's 42mm, 390 x312 display. Don't know the nits on the Sony. Not sure if that answers anything. Rating: 1 Votes Soccertess 4 days ago at 09:53 pm Brand new Stainless Steel (Series 0) or Brand new SG (Series 1) -- both for $199. Which one would you choose? I find series 0 very slow and unresponsive. Rating: 1 Votes Relentless Power 4 days ago at 01:57 pm Definitely the sport. I had a SS with Link, purchased launch day, and my taptic engine is so weak that it barely works anymore. I really only wear my watch to workout, and occasionally at work where I would like the Space Gray Sport a lot better. The S1 watch makes a lot more sense now, with the speed improvements. The S0 is frustratingly slow in any apps. If you recall, There was a report where when the first Apple Watch was in production was haulted due to issues with failing haptic engines or Taptic engines that were exhibiting weak vibrations. Perhaps you received one with this issue. I remember reading Apple tried to stop as many as they could from resale for that specific reason. I'm Wondering if that was part of the issue for you. Third party applications can be a plague, but it still affects both versions being the third party applications can be an issue with the developer end of things. Plenty of Watch threads discuss this as well. But yes, Series 1 has an improved processor, its incremental without any major leaps over Gen One. And for comparison, I own both Watches from both Generations. The Sport definitely is a money saver, but the stainless has a premium appeal (As you know) and the sapphire display is worth the extra money in my opinion. It's paid for Itself with the protection, which I didn't care for the Ion-X Glass on the Sport model. Rating: 1 Votes Relentless Power 4 days ago at 12:02 am I find series 0 very slow and unresponsive. I definitely think experiences very. I own two models in the first generation Apple Watch, and it's plenty fast. I have no third-party applications installed. And it runs stock and I think it has little lag. And for comparison, I own the second Apple Watch generation and it's not that much faster than the first one. I think it depends on how you use your Apple Watch and for what purpose. But third-party applications are not always optimized as they should be for the Apple Watch and that can contribute slowdowns. And watchOS 3 has greatly improved the performance the speed of the first generation Apple Watch. Rating: 1 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming iMac Early 2017 Updated models with AMD graphics options expected in early 2017. iPad Pro Early 2017? New ~10.5-inch model with nearly bezel-free design rumored. MacBook Q2 2017 Faster Kaby Lake processors and up to 16 GB of RAM expected in second quarter 2017. iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 Front Page Stories Hands-On With Apple's New BeatsX Earphones 10 hours ago on Front Page Apple's long-awaited BeatsX Earphones became available for purchase this morning, giving Apple customers an alternative to the hard-to-find AirPods. Priced at $149.95, BeatsX Earphones... 60 comments Tim Cook Thinks Augmented Reality is a 'Huge' Idea Like Smartphones 11 hours ago on Front Page Apple CEO Tim Cook has been on a whirlwind of a trip in Europe this week, making stops in France, Germany, and the United Kingdom to meet with everyone from students and developers to Apple retail... 59 comments Apple's Jennifer Bailey Says Customers Are Willing to Switch Banks to Use Apple Pay 14 hours ago on Front Page Apple Pay vice president Jennifer Bailey believes that Apple Pay is valuable enough that "customers will say they are happy to switch banks to use it." Bailey claims Australians are... 153 comments Matte Black iPhone 7 Users Complain About Chipped, Peeling Paint 15 hours ago on Front Page A number of customers who purchased the matte Black iPhone 7 or iPhone 7 Plus have noticed that the anodized finish on their devices has started chipping or peeling off in areas where there has... 237 comments iPhone 8 Said to Feature Iris Scanner to Authenticate With Your Eyes 19 hours ago on Front Page Apple is widely rumored to launch a high-end iPhone with an edge-to-edge OLED display this year, which has been variously called the "iPhone 8" or "iPhone X" to commemorate the... 261 comments BeatsX Earphones Launch on Apple Store for $150 23 hours ago on Front Page Apple today officially launched its much-anticipated BeatsX Earphones on its online store for $149.95, after initially delaying the earphones from Fall 2016 and into February 2017. With the delay... 192 comments Apple Delays Sales of UltraFine 5K Display as LG Works on Shielding Fix 1 day ago on Front Page As LG works on a fix for a Wi-Fi router issue plaguing its UltraFine 27-inch 5K Display, Apple has delayed shipments for the accessory and removed in store pickup options. New orders for the LG... 104 comments iCloud Was Storing Deleted Safari Browser History for Months, but Apple Fixed the Issue 2 days ago on Front Page When clearing Safari browser history, iPhone and iPad users expect all records to be permanently deleted from their devices, but it appears Apple's cross-device browser syncing feature caused... 128 comments • All Three New 2017 iPhones to Feature Wireless Charging (298) • 12.9-Inch iPad Pro in Short Supply Ahead of Rumored March Update (96) • The 2017 iPhone Could Cost Upwards of $1,000 (658) • Google Debuts Android Wear 2.0 Alongside Two New LG Smart Watches (106) • T-Mobile and Verizon Are Basically Tied in Network Speeds and So-Called 'Availability' (169) • Apple Hires Amazon Fire TV Head to Spearhead Apple TV Business (86) • Tim Cook Visits 'Kitchen Stories' Developers and Furniture Maker Dula on German Trip (50)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Husain Sumra Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade Winding the Clocks Back to 'Pocket God' - The TouchArcade Show #294 TouchArcade Needs Your Help - Tell Your Friends and Support Our Patreon TouchArcade Game of the Week: 'Postknight' 'Gravity Galaxy' Looks Like a Fun Orbital Action-Puzzle Game 'Wobblers' Is a Unique High Score Chaser From the Developer of 'Down the Mountain' 'Feudal Feud' Is a Promising Multiplayer Diplomacy/Conquest Game AppShopper Apple Announces New iPhone 6s with 3D Touch Apple Announces iPad Pro with 12.9-inch Retina Display Apple Announces iOS 9, Bringing Split-Screen Multi-tasking to iPad Apple Announces Mac OS X 10.11 'El Capitan' Apple Watch Pre-Orders to Open on April 10, Available Starting on April 24 Apple Announces New 12-inch MacBook with Retina Display Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
null
Mobile iPhone iPad Android Wearables Mac TV Music #THEHOTLIST Movies Deals Connect with us RAZMAG.com Mobile iPhone iPad Android Wearables Mac TV Music #THEHOTLIST Movies Deals Apple Seeds Latest Developer Betas [What’s New] Share Tweet 5 Tracks You Need To Hear This Weekend Cue, Iovine, Saint John Make Billboard Power 100 Apple To Launch 3 New iPhones This Year? [RUMOR] iOS LEGO Adventures Drop To $0.99! [HURRY] iOS Apple Seeds Latest Developer Betas [What’s New] By Arron Hirst 6th Feb 17 8:40 pm Share Tweet Continuing its development drive for each version of software, Apple on Monday seeded new builds of iOS 10.3, tvOS 10.2 and watchOS 3.2 to registered developers. Jump below to learn what’s new. iOS 10.3 (Beta 2) Among the most notable changes in iOS 10.3 is the introduction of Find My AirPods – a new way to locate those lost wireless earbuds. There’s also a brand new file system. Called “Apple File System,” the upgrade will aim to address the core issues of the existing HFS+ file system in use on iOS – today. Other changes in this version: – Reduce Motion option added to Safari – A Podcasts widget – CarPlay improvements – Several developer-only improvements tvOS 10.2 (Beta 2) Meanwhile, Apple’s latest version of its built-from-the-ground-up OS designed for Apple TV has its focus specifically on further improving the platform for developers, with additions such as accelerated scrolling support for UIKit and TVMLKit apps, plus ‘Device Enrollment Program’ support, expanded mobile device management support, AFS (Apple File System) … and more. watchOS 3.2 (Beta 2) Finally, there’s watchOS. The upcoming update to the company’s wearable includes a new Theatre Mode that, once activated, will see users still able to receive all their usual notifications while the smartwatch’s screen is off. The update also features support for SiriKit – which finally extends the virtual assistant’s reach and capabilities to work with third-party apps, for things like messaging, payments, ride booking, workouts, calling, and searching for photos. Each of this week’s updates are available from Apple’s Developer Center -or over-the-air (in the case of iOS and those running a previous version of the beta)– and require a valid Apple Developer Program membership in order to download. In order to install the latest builds of watchOS and tvOS, the usual installation instructions apply – with those looking to test the newest version of watchOS, specifically, first required to install Apple’s provided beta provisioning profile. Continue Reading You may also like... 5 Tracks You Need To Hear This Weekend Cue, Iovine, Saint John Make Billboard Power 100 Apple To Launch 3 New iPhones This Year? [RUMOR] iOS LEGO Adventures Drop To $0.99! [HURRY] Related Topics:2017, AirPods, Apple, Apple TV, Apple Watch, Beta, Dev, Developer, Development, Feb 6, Find My AirPods, iOS, iPad, iPhone, Mobile, Software, SW, tvOS, watchOS, Wearables, What's New, Wrist Tech Arron Hirst In an attempt to merge the worlds of music, design and journalism, Arron is perhaps best known for founding online news brand: RazorianFly; a hobby which grew to attract a monthly audience of 120K. Today he can be found designing and writing for RAZMAG.com whilst also managing #THEHOTLIST - a weekly updating playlist of the hottest new artists, now streaming on Apple Music. More in iOS iOS iOS 10.2.1 – Now Available By Arron Hirst24th Jan 17 12:04 am Apple has released a new version of its iOS operating system to the public. iOS Apple Seeds New Software To Developers [What’s New] By Arron Hirst9th Jan 17 8:34 pm While it remains unclear if Sonny Dickson was right about Apple’s reported plans to introduce a... iOS iOS 10 Reaches 76% User Adoption [STATS] By Arron Hirst5th Jan 17 10:04 pm Apple has announced this week that user adoption of its latest and greatest mobile OS is... iOS Is Apple Prepping To Introduce iOS Dark Mode? [RUMOR] By Arron Hirst2nd Jan 17 11:14 pm That’s the rumour currently swirling. iOS Twitter Sends 360 Video Live for Partners, (Wider Roll Out in a Few Weeks) By Arron Hirst30th Dec 16 3:30 am “With 360 video on Periscope, you can experience moments with the broadcaster and take a look... iOS iOS 10.2 – Download Here [DIRECT LINKS] By Arron Hirst12th Dec 16 7:35 pm Arriving as the second major update to iOS 10 since the software first saw its introduction... iOS Devs: Swift 3.1 Set To Take Flight in Spring 2017 By Arron Hirst12th Dec 16 2:15 am Announced on the project’s official website over the weekend, Apple’s everyone-can-do-it coding language Swift is expected... Apple TV Apple Seeds New Developer Betas [What’s New] [UPDATED] By Arron Hirst8th Dec 16 8:21 pm Apple continued its development drive, earlier this week, seeing the fifth betas of macOS 10.12.2, watchOS... iOS MacID – Unlock Your Mac With iPhone, Apple Watch and More … [Now, just $0.99!] By Arron Hirst26th Nov 16 10:14 pm The app sales continue to pour in as Black Friday weekend pushes on … and if... The RAZBlast™ A weekly roundup of what's new, breaking and trending — Coming Summer 2017. Get in early and subscribe today ... It's FREE! Email Address Buy Now on Amazon UK Weekly Pick (iPhone) Version: 1.0.0 iPhone + iPad Fire Emblem Heroes FREE Trending Now iPhone Apple To Launch 3 New iPhones This Year? [RUMOR] Music Following Super Bowl Performance, Gaga Announces #JoanneWorldTour Beats BeatsX and AirPods Face Off in New Review [VIDEO] Games iOS LEGO Adventures Drop To $0.99! [HURRY] Music Cue, Iovine, Saint John Make Billboard Power 100 Music 5 Tracks You Need To Hear This Weekend Where to Next? iOS | Apple's mobile operating system. iPhone | The phone that changed it all. iPad | Cupertino's magical tablet. Mac | Insanely Great. Wearables | That's a word, right? Music | Beats 1 ... and beyond. TV | See what's hot on the big-screen. Movies | ... and the silver screen! You May Also Like … Movies Just Added: May 2014 Sources: Apple Halts Plans Over Online TV Service The Last-Minute #PrimeDay Deals Are Here! [LIST] [UPDATED] What To Watch This Weekend [August 2] Deals: Daniel Craig Movies. Now $9.99 HD. [Limited Time] ﻿﻿﻿﻿ Top PAID BUY Minecraft: Pocket Edition BUY Enlight BUY OK Golf More Charts ﻿﻿﻿﻿ Top FREE GET Bitmoji - Your Personal Emoji GET Instagram GET Messenger More Charts Hot Movies Explore these trending movies. ﻿ BUY Trolls $19.99 BUY John Wick $4.99 BUY Hacksaw Ridge $14.99 ABOUT POLICY RSS Copyright © 2017 RAZMAG.com. The Apple® logo, App Store®, iPhone®, iPod®, iPad®, Mac®, iTunes®, watchOS® and tvOS™ are trademarks of Apple Inc. iOS is a trademark or registered trademark of Cisco in the U.S. and other countries. All other content remains the property of its respective owners. Emoji art supplied by EmojiOne. version 10.0 To Top
× Weather Alert Information Alert data provided by http://alerts.weather.gov/ Close Contact Us Register Login DayExtra Classifieds Deals Jobs Homes Magazines Wheels Advertise Membership E-Paper High/Low: Humidity: Wind: Sunrise: Sunset: Visibility: View Full Forecast starting , ending . Powered by Forecast.io A&E/Music Toggle SECTIONS NEWS SPORTS OPINION COLUMNS & BLOGS ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT PHOTOS & VIDEO OBITUARIES News Sports Opinion Columns & Blogs Arts & Entertainment Photos & Video Obituaries DayExtra Classifieds Deals Jobs Homes Magazines WHEELS Advertise Membership E-Paper Police/Fire/Courts Business Local State/Northeast Nation/World Special Reports Maps & Data Military UCONN High School Local Colleges Professional GameDay Editorials Letters Columns Op-Ed Guest Opinions Sports Features News Opinion Horoscopes Dear Abby Games & Puzzles Lifestyle Events & Exhibits Food & Drink Arts & Music Movies & TV Live Lunch Photo Galleries Videos GameDay Place an Ad Today's Listings Pets Garage & Yard Sales Map Jobs Day Saver Coupons Deal of the Day Rewards Business Directory Job Fair Local Jobs Homes of Distinction Find Local Listings Homes of Distinction Your Good Health Sound & Country Products Milestones Legal Obituary Classified Contact Us My Account Passport Rewards Subscribe Electronic Edition The Day's App Newspapers in Education Archives WARNING: This site requires JavaScript enabled to provide the best user experience possible. Please enable JavaScript within your browser for this site! LATEST NEWS Federal agents conduct immigration enforcement raids in at least 6 states 02-11 12:46 am Local News Local Sports Local Entertainment all day, every day Thank you for visiting theday.com. You've read 3 free articles. To continue reading up to 10 premium articles, you must register, or sign up and take advantage of this exclusive offer: Full Digital Access 12 weeks of savings $1 for 12 weeks Enjoy the benefits of membership for less. ACT NOW Already registered on theday.com? Login. Not registered? Register. No, thank you. ×Close A digital deluge: Sorting out music streaming plans Published February 06. 2017 3:22PM  By Randall Roberts, Los Angeles Times This winter, hip-hop frontiersman Chance the Rapper made music history when he earned seven Grammy nominations for a release that is not available for purchase. The Chicago artist issued his “Coloring Book” as a stream. That’s it. You couldn’t buy it if you wanted to. His feat was the most recent indication of yet another seismic shift in online music retail. From instant downloads to all-you-can-stream plans, the state of digital music consumption has been in flux. Whether it receives trophies or not on Feb. 12, “Coloring Book,” with its nominations, portends a new norm. Streaming music on audio and video platforms now represents 38 percent of total audio consumption, according to Nielsen Music. That’s a jump from 23 percent in 2014. Eventually the big players — Spotify, Apple and Tidal — would like to do for music what the likes of Netlfix, Hulu and Amazon Prime did for TV, only there’s a catch: They offer virtually identical catalogs. “Coloring Book,” for instance, is on Apple Music, Tidal, Google Music, Spotify, iHeartRadio and Deezer. Constant rumors of consolidation are coming to pass. Recently, phone carrier Sprint announced the purchase of a 33 percent stake in the Jay Z-owned Tidal, and Web radio innovator Pandora has unveiled its much-delayed intention to enter the market with an on-demand plan of its own. Each service in the increasingly crowded field is working frantically to overcome the perception that the main distinction among the uniformly priced $9.99-a-month offerings is little more than font style, quirky playlist title and color scheme. In contrast to the vast programming differences among Hulu, Netflix, HBO Go and other video streaming services, music platforms have long fought against the perception that they’re selling a nearly interchangeable product, said Mark Mulligan of Midia Research. “You’re getting sold the same car. It’s just got a different lick of paint on it.” In turn, some are banking on exclusive releases. Subscribe to Spotify? Forget, then, about hearing the latest Frank Ocean “video album.” Others are betting fans want innovative content that merges playlist, podcast and radio station. In 2017, personalization engines claim to deliver sounds with the adeptness of an expert record store clerk. Playlists don’t just recommend music, they attempt to “tell stories,” in the words of Apple’s Zane Lowe, who oversees the company’s Beats 1 radio initiative. It’s perhaps one reason why, in announcing the return of hip-hop duo Run the Jewels’ “WRTJ” radio show, Beats 1 is tagging it a “season premiere.” Yet as services attempt to diversify, there’s also the risk of alienating fans. Online exclusives, for instance, can lock an artist into a particular outlet — and lock nonsubscribing fans out of hearing new music. (If only until their friend AirDrops them a copy.) Apple Music stormed into the market in 2014 with a seemingly bottomless budget, not to mention famous executives, and has shown itself willing to invest in exclusives, most notably in its relationships with Taylor Swift, Ocean, U2 and Travis Scott. For its part, Amazon jumped in with its own marketing coup: exclusive access to country superstar Garth Brooks’ music. Such deals have proved controversial. According to a 2016 report in Bloomberg News, Apple-only artists have been threatened with being excluded from key Spotify playlists. “We think exclusives are bad for artists and bad for fans,” said Jonathan Prince, Spotify’s head of communications and public policy, in a statement. “Artists want as many fans as possible to hear their music, and fans want to be able to hear whatever they’re excited about or interested in — exclusives get in the way of that for everyone.” But even with all-access, can a playlist generator peek into your psyche? It’s possible, said David Bakula, music analyst for Nielsen Music. “People get paralyzed by the amount of choice out there.” Spotify’s “Discover Weekly” playlist recommendations are as impeccable as an indie shop’s most well-rounded snob. For example, this music fan’s Monday-delivered recommendations recently tipped fantastic unheard music by artists including Brazilian singer Elza Soares, young singer-songwriter Faith Elliott and the ethereal instrumental music of Syrinx. “We’re past the discussion that we’re a bunch of robots that just don’t have a heart,” said Doug Ford, Spotify’s director of editorial and music programming. He describes its approach as “man loves machine,” adding that the machine team “is made up of the biggest music fans in the company. We’re all humans.” The competition has taken note. Apple Music’s “My New Music Mix” attempts to work its magic in a similar way. Tidal calls its weekly recommendation playlist “The Weekly Brew.” The leaders in the always-on, on-demand music era are also taking cues from podcasts. Last year, Apple Music premiered what its vice president of content and media apps, Robert Kondrk, described as “Apple Music 2.0,” a massive makeover of its 15-month-old service that simplified and refined its key offerings like Beats 1 and curated playlists. Apple’s Lowe, DJ and creative director of Beats 1, described the objective as musical storytelling. “We help tell the story to keep the conversation moving,” Lowe said, “and give artists and audience something that’s more layered and deeper than just the idea that music is functional.”   Previous Article Next Article Loading comment count... Commenting is closed. Comment threads are monitored for 48 hours after publication and then closed. READER COMMENTS Loading comments... Hide Comments MOST READ 1 Fire at East Lyme apartment building displaces 11 residents 2 Federal agents conduct immigration enforcement raids in at least 6 states 3 Some people aren't paying their vehicle taxes in New London 4 Movie “Little Pink House” hammers Connecticut 5 More snow on the way as region struggles to dig out 6 Gales Ferry man injured in boom lift fall remains in hospital 7 Study: 2.5 million immigrants living illegally in NYC, L.A., Chicago 8 Renovations nearly complete at State Street building damaged in 2013 fire 9 Trump may issue a new, narrower travel order 10 Local roundup: Rowe leads Conn men past Colby 70-60 MOST VIEWED MEDIA 1 Responding in a whiteout 2 GameDay preview: East Lyme at Waterford boys basketball 3 A look at the foreign-born population of Connecticut 4 Highlights: New London 70, East Lyme 64 5 Waterford's Mikey Buscetto: a point guard in his father's mold MOST DISCUSSED STORIES 1 Groton leaders stunned by proposed state cuts 35 2 Federal appeals court refuses to reinstate Trump travel ban 31 3 Boy Scouts face renewed push to let girls join the ranks 30 4 Trump lashes out at Blumenthal on Twitter following Gorsuch remarks 23 5 Meteorologists say storm was a blizzard 22 Back to Top About The Day The Day Publishing Company 47 Eugene O'Neill Drive P.O. Box 1231 New London, CT 06320-1231 USA Staff Profiles FAQs Jobs at The Day Contact Us Connect with us Quick Links DayExtra E-Paper Contests Lottery Numbers Horoscopes Puzzles TV Weather Calendar Milestones Today's Headlines Advertising About Our Ads Advertise Place a Classified Ad Contacts Find New London Area Jobs Services Full-page Reprints Photo Reprints The Day Collection Privacy Policy/Terms RSS Text/SMS Alerts
NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE Matte Black iPhone 7 Owners Complain of Chipped Paint [Photos] Apple CEO Tim Cook Says Augmented Reality is 'A Big Idea Like the Smartphone' BeatsX Wireless Earphones vs. Apple AirPods [Video] Solution to 7 Day Cert for Yalu Jailbreak May Be Coming Soon Sprint Offers 5 Unlimited Lines for $90/Month Through March 2018 Robot Perfectly Applies an iPhone Screen Protector [Video] New 10th Anniversary iPhone to Feature Iris Scanner? Apple Campus 2 is Being Built With Astonishing Attention to Detail Apple's New 10th Anniversary iPhone Will Likely Cost Over $1000 [Report] Get 20-40% Off These Anker Products for Valentine's Day [Deal] Apple Pay Surpasses PayPal to Become Most Popular Mobile Payment Solution in the U.S. [Chart] WhatsApp is Rolling Out Two-Step Verification to Everyone Apple Launches $199 Pro Apps Education Bundle in 35 Countries All Three New iPhones to Feature Wireless Charging? Production of the Next Generation iPhone May Be Starting Earlier Than Usual Google Announces Android Wear 2.0, New LG Watch Style and LG Watch Sport Smartwatches [Video] Apple Releases Safari Technology Preview 23 [Download] B&O Play Unveils New Beoplay H4 Wireless Headphones T-Mobile and Verizon Tied in Network Speeds [Chart] Facebook App Gets Weather Forecasts Apple Launches Back to School Promotion in Australia, New Zealand, and Japan LIKE   TWEET   SHARE   PIN   SHARE   POST MAIL MORE Posted February 6, 2017 at 8:15pm by iClarified · 3794 views · Translate Apple has launched a back to school promotion in Australia, New Zealand, and Japan. Australia You’ll get a A$100 Apple Store Gift Card when you buy an eligible Mac for uni. Or a gift card worth A$70 when you buy an iPad Pro. You’ll also save with education pricing. New Zealand You’ll get a NZ$105 Apple Store Gift Card when you buy an eligible Mac for uni. Or a gift card worth NZ$75 when you buy an iPad Pro. You’ll also save with education pricing. Japan 学生のみなさん。いま対象のMacを買うと8,500円分の、iPad Proを買うと5,500円分のApple Storeギフトカードをさしあげます。もちろん学生・教職員価格も同時に利用できます. Students. You'll get a 8,500 yen Apple Store Gift Card when you buy an eligible Mac. Or a gift card worth 5,500 yen when you buy an iPad Pro. You’ll also save with education pricing. The promotion runs from 7 February 2017 to 16 March 2017 in Australia and New Zealand and from February 7, 2017 to April 13, 2017 in Japan. Follow iClarified Comments Add Comment Recent Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder News Tutorials Answers Wizards Search Comments Bookmarks Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified Send Us a Tip Contact Us Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder, News, Tutorials, Answers, Wizards, Search, Comments, Bookmarks, Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified, Send Us a Tip, Contact Us Copyright © iClarified. All rights reserved. Privacy. Content.
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Apple will reportedly introduce a new connector exclusively for accessories Kif Leswing Feb. 6, 2017, 3:14 PM 9,116 facebook linkedin twitter email print Gavin Schaefer/Flickr All of Apple's current products use two different kinds of connector types: Lightning, which is found on iPhones, and USB-C, which is used on the new MacBook Pro to attach accessories and charge the laptop. But Apple recently introduced a third connector in a developer preview for Apple's accessory makers, according a report from 9to5Mac's Jordan Kahn. Apple does not plan to include this new kind of connector on iPhones, iPads, or Macs, a source familiar with Apple's plans told Business Insider.  The new connector is called the "Ultra Accessory Connector," the person said. But it's not a completely new connector — it's been around for years. It can be found on Nikon cameras, where it is called the UC-E6 port.  The Verge writes that the UAC will be used "as an intermediary" so that headphones can be compatible with both Lighting and USB-C, with additional dongles.  According to 9to5Mac, accessory manufacturers could make additional dongles that allow iPhones to connect to UAC accessories, such as a 3.5mm jack to UAC adapter or a dongle that converts Lightning to UAC.    SEE ALSO: Jony Ive, not Tim Cook, now has the role Steve Jobs once did, an Apple analyst says More: Apple usb-c facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Apple will reportedly introduce a new connector exclusively for accessories Apple will reportedly introduce a new connector exclusively for accessories All of Apple's current products use two... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured How this astronaut overcame failure and rejection to land his dream job More "Idea Factory" » We just created the best Google Chrome extension on the market for latest news headlines More "BI Innovations" » Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Target is having a big sale on eight different Apple Watch models Zach Epstein BGR NewsFebruary 6, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Opinions are still divided when it comes to the future of wearables. Market research companies take every opportunity they can to draw linear growth lines and get their tech industry clients excited, but they were clearly a bit overzealous when it comes to smartwatches. Only a small handful of companies have found any success at all in the emerging space, but Apple is definitely at the top of that short list. In no time at all, Apple managed to catapult itself to the No. 2 position globally in watch sales, coming behind only Rolex. No other smartwatch company is anywhere to be found on that list. While the Apple Watch Series 2 is the latest and greatest offering from Cupertino, Apple also released a second series of new models alongside the Series 2. Dubbed Apple Watch Series 1, this series offers a lower-cost alternative with still sports an upgraded processor compared to the original Apple Watch, but doesn’t feature water-resistance or GPS. If those features aren’t on your list of must-haves, you’ll be excited to learn that Target has a big sale going on right now covering eight different Apple Watch Series 1 models, while supplies last. Don't Miss: Here’s the full list of 97 companies that just filed against Trump’s immigration ban If you want to buy a new Apple Watch Series 1 model from Apple, prices start at $269. You can also save a tiny bit of cash by shopping on Amazon, where prices typically start at around $255. At Target right now, however, you’ll find fantastic Apple Watch Series 1 deals with 38mm models priced at just $199.99 and 42mm versions priced at $229.99. You won’t find better pricing at any big-name retailer right now. There are eight different Apple Watch Series 1 models covered in this big sale, including four 38mm models and four 42mm models. As you might have guessed, each of the two Apple Watch Series 1 sizes come in four different aluminum finishes, and they’re all covered in this sale. You can shop the full sale right here on the Target website, or you’ll find direct links to each of the eight different models listed out below. Apple Watch Series 1 38mm Space Gray Aluminum Apple Watch Series 1 38mm Silver Aluminum Apple Watch Series 1 38mm Rose Gold Aluminum Apple Watch Series 1 38mm Gold Aluminum Apple Watch Series 1 42mm Space Gray Aluminum Apple Watch Series 1 42mm Silver Aluminum Apple Watch Series 1 42mm Rose Gold Aluminum Apple Watch Series 1 42mm Gold Aluminum Trending right now: 10 paid iPhone apps on sale for free today Here’s the full list of 97 companies that just filed against Trump’s immigration ban Watch Melissa McCarthy make Sean Spicer great again on SNL See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next Your first look at 'Avengers: Infinity War' CNET Unlimited Data Talk and Text Sprint®Sponsored Wristband monitors your blood alcohol content while you drink Yahoo Tech The White House employee who ensures Trump doesn’t get hacked has been fired BGR News The Galaxy Note 7 disaster is forcing Samsung to make the Galaxy S8 worse BGR News McKayla Maroney Looks Completely Unrecognizable AllRookieSponsored Target’s big Apple Watch sale is still happening right now BGR News Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo Finance
iDownloadBlog Home Jailbreak How to Jailbreak Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Cydia Unlock How to Unlock Unlock News Apps iOS Apps Mac Apps Widgets Best Apps App Finder Tips Tips How to Tutorial iPhone Photography iPhone iPhone News iPhone 6s iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6 iPhone Photography iPad Mac Watch Apple Watch Guide TV Apple TV guide Download Deals Daily Deals: 15% off iTunes gift cards, $107 UE BOOM 2 speaker,... The best HomeKit accessories Let’s Talk Jailbreak 158: The ends and the means The best iOS 10 jailbreak tweaks   skip to main content skip to main menu     Apple’s 2017 Back to School promo launches in Australia, New Zealand & Japan By Christian Zibreg, Feb 6, 2017 Tweet Leave a Comment Apple today kicked off its annual Back to School promotion across Australia, New Zealand and Japan. Advertised under the “Back to Uni” tagline, these deals offer students, teachers and university staff members an Apple Store credit in exchange for a qualified iMac, Mac Pro, MacBook/Air/Pro or iPad Pro purchase made from February 7 to March 16. The promotion is combinable with educational pricing discounts on Macs, iPads and AppleCare products. Built-to-order Mac models qualify for these deals as well, but refurbished devices and lower-cost computers like Mac mini do not. Australian customers will get a A$100 Apple Store gift card when purchasing a qualifying Mac model for university, or a gift card worth A$70 when buying an iPad Pro. In Australia, the promotion is available to: Full-time or part-time students aged 18+ Lecturers Staff members Those who are not studying at accredited Australian universities or Apple-approved educational institutions are not eligible for “Back to Uni”. Eligible customers can call 133-622 in Australia or read the full promo terms on Apple’s website. New Zealanders buying an eligible Mac model will get a NZ$105 Apple Store gift card, or a gift card worth NZ$75 on any eligible iPad Pro purchase. In New Zealand, the promotion is available to: Students attending or accepted into a higher education institution Faculty members Staff members of higher education institutions Employees of public or private K–12 institutions Parents purchasing on behalf of a current or accepted student Eligible customers in New Zealand are instructed to dial 0800-692-7753 and learn about the official terms on the website, including sales and refund policy. Keep in mind that student discount in Australia and New Zealand require university enrollment verification by UNiDAYS, which lasts for up to four years. Students, teachers and university staff members in Japan shall receive a 8,500 yen Apple Store gift card when buying a Mac, or a 5,500 yen Apple Store gift card if they opt for an iPad Pro. Eligible Japanese customers can read the full terms here. If past years are an indication, Apple will kick off 2017 Back to School promotion in the United States, United Kingdom and other major markets around summer. Share: Tweet Follow: Follow @iDownloadBlog We Recommend Apple kicks off Back To School promo in Australia and New Zealand Back to School promo goes live in New Zealand and Australia with free Beats Solo2 headphones Annual Back to School promo launches in New Zealand and Australia with $25-$100 gift cards Apple launches Back to School promotion in Australia and New Zealand Related Topics Apple, Australia, Back to School, Japan, New Zealand, News, Promotion   Search Connect with iDownloadBlog Facebook Become a fan RSS Get the latest news YouTube Watch Us Twitter Stay up to date Newsletter News delivered to you Google+ Add us to your circle   The most recent headlines Daily Deals: 15% off iTunes gift cards, $107 UE BOOM 2 speaker, and more Is iPhone 7’s matte black finish susceptible to chips and peeling? How to enable and use two-step verification on WhatsApp iPhone 8 again rumored to sport iris scanning and wireless charging Following delay, Apple’s W1-equipped BeatsX are now available for purchase   The latest jailbreak news FingerTouch lets you assign gestures to the Touch ID sensor SmartVPN toggles your iPhone’s VPN automatically on a per-app basis CRSettings lets you apply an image background to the Reachability view Solution to 7-day signing for Yalu may be coming: avoid other methods! HapticKeyboard enables haptic feedback as you type on your iPhone iDownloadBlog           iDownloadblog.com About About Advertise Contact Keep in Touch Twitter Facebook RSS Feed Newsletter Push Notifications Podcasts Let's Talk iOS Let's Talk Jailbreak Site Stuff Disclosure Privacy Policy   Copyright iDownloadBlog 2017. This website is not affiliated with Apple.
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Run-up to Budget 2017 Budget Quiz Budget Chat Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Run-up to Budget 2017 Budget Quiz Budget Chat Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Run-up to Budget 2017 Budget Quiz Budget Chat Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Run-up to Budget 2017 Budget Quiz Budget Chat BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #BudgetSpeech #Personal I-T rate #Budget2017 #PopulistBudget #IRCTC News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Technology » News » Mobiles & Tablets Robots may replace 250K public sector UK workers by 2030: Think tank Asus Zenphone 3S Max launched in India, priced at Rs 14,999 Business Standard No country for Apple? Local brands edge out global giant in China Apple and Samsung have steadily ceded ground in China to aggressive local manufacturers Bloomberg  February 7, 2017 Last Updated at 09:07 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UTMU0j Apple ALSO READ Apple topples Samsung as top global smartphone player in Q4: Report How Chinese smartphone brands are trouncing competition in India Chinese brands take 50% of India's smartphone market Smartphone imports to miss estimates Chinese smartphone brands Oppo and Huawei are tightening their grip on the world’s largest market, grabbing local share and squeezing out Apple Inc and Samsung Electronics. After including Vivo, Chinese vendors held the top three slots and accounted for 48 per cent of shipments in the country during 2016, research firm IDC said. With a line-up of flexible- and curved-screen devices, they look set to dominate the market in 2017. A decline in Apple shipments in the fourth quarter highlighted how the iPhone 7 failed to make as big a splash in the face of escalating competition. Apple and Samsung have steadily ceded ground in China to aggressive local manufacturers since Xiaomi  came on the scene around 2011. Xiaomi itself was ranked fifth in 2016, as Oppo, Huawei Technologies and Vivo phones were the top three sellers, accounting for 48 per cent of shipments last year and relegating the US company to fourth spot, IDC said in a report released Monday. “Even though the new black coloured iPhones caught the attention of consumers, overall, the new launches did not create as much of a frenzy compared to the past,” IDC said in its report, a regular and closely watched release. Chinese vendors are marketing higher-end gadgetry that appeals to consumers seeking Apple-like quality and innovation. IPhone shipments plummeted 23.2 per cent in 2016, shrinking Apple’s market share to just 9.6 per cent — the lowest in about two years. Samsung didn’t even figure in the top five. China had for years driven Apple’s spectacular growth even as smartphone demand elsewhere faltered. But the country’s slowdown, regulatory tangles and — critically — the ascendancy of cheaper but just-as-good local alternatives took its toll. The country remains pivotal to the company’s business, especially with developed markets saturated and Apple still exploring promising countries such as India, where price is king and the US company barely registers in market rankings. Apple may regain ground with the next iPhone later this year, the 10th anniversary of the device that ushered in the modern smartphone industry. Apple is expected to showcase the best features it can bring to bear in an increasingly commoditised market. “Apple’s 10-year anniversary iPhone will also likely attract some of the high-end Android users in China to convert to an iPhone,” IDC said. In the meantime, local brands hold sway. Oppo, Huawei and Vivo took advantage of vast store networks as online handset sales plateaued. Along with improved customer service and a push to open their own retail stores, especially in smaller cities, Chinese smartphone makers have moved away from budget devices. Front runner Oppo saw shipments grow from a little more than 35 million units in 2015 to 78.4 million last year, IDC estimates. Vivo also nearly doubled its annual shipments. Overall, 467.3 million units smartphones were moved in China last year, up 8.7 per cent from 2015. Now local vendors are setting their sights overseas. Huawei, which sells about half its smartphones abroad, is targeting $33 billion in 2017 revenue for its consumer electronics division, which sells smartphones, wearable devices and tablets. Chinese brands, led by Vivo, have already muscled out local rivals in India and are increasingly challenging Samsung, the leader there. “We expect these vendors to increase their shipments in the international market, with India as a key target for these top Chinese vendors,” IDC said its report. Read More On Apple | Samsung | Chinese Smartphone | Smartphone Industry | Technology News | Technology | Mobiles & Tablets PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements No country for Apple? Local brands edge out global giant in China Apple and Samsung have steadily ceded ground in China to aggressive local manufacturers Apple and Samsung have steadily ceded ground in China to aggressive local manufacturers Chinese smartphone brands Oppo and Huawei are tightening their grip on the world’s largest market, grabbing local share and squeezing out Apple Inc and Samsung Electronics. After including Vivo, Chinese vendors held the top three slots and accounted for 48 per cent of shipments in the country during 2016, research firm IDC said. With a line-up of flexible- and curved-screen devices, they look set to dominate the market in 2017. A decline in Apple shipments in the fourth quarter highlighted how the iPhone 7 failed to make as big a splash in the face of escalating competition. Apple and Samsung have steadily ceded ground in China to aggressive local manufacturers since Xiaomi  came on the scene around 2011. Xiaomi itself was ranked fifth in 2016, as Oppo, Huawei Technologies and Vivo phones were the top three sellers, accounting for 48 per cent of shipments last year and relegating the US company to fourth spot, IDC said in a report released Monday. “Even though the new black coloured iPhones caught the attention of consumers, overall, the new launches did not create as much of a frenzy compared to the past,” IDC said in its report, a regular and closely watched release. Chinese vendors are marketing higher-end gadgetry that appeals to consumers seeking Apple-like quality and innovation. IPhone shipments plummeted 23.2 per cent in 2016, shrinking Apple’s market share to just 9.6 per cent — the lowest in about two years. Samsung didn’t even figure in the top five. China had for years driven Apple’s spectacular growth even as smartphone demand elsewhere faltered. But the country’s slowdown, regulatory tangles and — critically — the ascendancy of cheaper but just-as-good local alternatives took its toll. The country remains pivotal to the company’s business, especially with developed markets saturated and Apple still exploring promising countries such as India, where price is king and the US company barely registers in market rankings. Apple may regain ground with the next iPhone later this year, the 10th anniversary of the device that ushered in the modern smartphone industry. Apple is expected to showcase the best features it can bring to bear in an increasingly commoditised market. “Apple’s 10-year anniversary iPhone will also likely attract some of the high-end Android users in China to convert to an iPhone,” IDC said. In the meantime, local brands hold sway. Oppo, Huawei and Vivo took advantage of vast store networks as online handset sales plateaued. Along with improved customer service and a push to open their own retail stores, especially in smaller cities, Chinese smartphone makers have moved away from budget devices. Front runner Oppo saw shipments grow from a little more than 35 million units in 2015 to 78.4 million last year, IDC estimates. Vivo also nearly doubled its annual shipments. Overall, 467.3 million units smartphones were moved in China last year, up 8.7 per cent from 2015. Now local vendors are setting their sights overseas. Huawei, which sells about half its smartphones abroad, is targeting $33 billion in 2017 revenue for its consumer electronics division, which sells smartphones, wearable devices and tablets. Chinese brands, led by Vivo, have already muscled out local rivals in India and are increasingly challenging Samsung, the leader there. “We expect these vendors to increase their shipments in the international market, with India as a key target for these top Chinese vendors,” IDC said its report. Bloomberg Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 No country for Apple? Local brands edge out global giant in China Apple and Samsung have steadily ceded ground in China to aggressive local manufacturers Chinese smartphone brands Oppo and Huawei are tightening their grip on the world’s largest market, grabbing local share and squeezing out Apple Inc and Samsung Electronics. After including Vivo, Chinese vendors held the top three slots and accounted for 48 per cent of shipments in the country during 2016, research firm IDC said. With a line-up of flexible- and curved-screen devices, they look set to dominate the market in 2017. A decline in Apple shipments in the fourth quarter highlighted how the iPhone 7 failed to make as big a splash in the face of escalating competition. Apple and Samsung have steadily ceded ground in China to aggressive local manufacturers since Xiaomi  came on the scene around 2011. Xiaomi itself was ranked fifth in 2016, as Oppo, Huawei Technologies and Vivo phones were the top three sellers, accounting for 48 per cent of shipments last year and relegating the US company to fourth spot, IDC said in a report released Monday. “Even though the new black coloured iPhones caught the attention of consumers, overall, the new launches did not create as much of a frenzy compared to the past,” IDC said in its report, a regular and closely watched release. Chinese vendors are marketing higher-end gadgetry that appeals to consumers seeking Apple-like quality and innovation. IPhone shipments plummeted 23.2 per cent in 2016, shrinking Apple’s market share to just 9.6 per cent — the lowest in about two years. Samsung didn’t even figure in the top five. China had for years driven Apple’s spectacular growth even as smartphone demand elsewhere faltered. But the country’s slowdown, regulatory tangles and — critically — the ascendancy of cheaper but just-as-good local alternatives took its toll. The country remains pivotal to the company’s business, especially with developed markets saturated and Apple still exploring promising countries such as India, where price is king and the US company barely registers in market rankings. Apple may regain ground with the next iPhone later this year, the 10th anniversary of the device that ushered in the modern smartphone industry. Apple is expected to showcase the best features it can bring to bear in an increasingly commoditised market. “Apple’s 10-year anniversary iPhone will also likely attract some of the high-end Android users in China to convert to an iPhone,” IDC said. In the meantime, local brands hold sway. Oppo, Huawei and Vivo took advantage of vast store networks as online handset sales plateaued. Along with improved customer service and a push to open their own retail stores, especially in smaller cities, Chinese smartphone makers have moved away from budget devices. Front runner Oppo saw shipments grow from a little more than 35 million units in 2015 to 78.4 million last year, IDC estimates. Vivo also nearly doubled its annual shipments. Overall, 467.3 million units smartphones were moved in China last year, up 8.7 per cent from 2015. Now local vendors are setting their sights overseas. Huawei, which sells about half its smartphones abroad, is targeting $33 billion in 2017 revenue for its consumer electronics division, which sells smartphones, wearable devices and tablets. Chinese brands, led by Vivo, have already muscled out local rivals in India and are increasingly challenging Samsung, the leader there. “We expect these vendors to increase their shipments in the international market, with India as a key target for these top Chinese vendors,” IDC said its report. Bloomberg Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE Matte Black iPhone 7 Owners Complain of Chipped Paint [Photos] Apple CEO Tim Cook Says Augmented Reality is 'A Big Idea Like the Smartphone' BeatsX Wireless Earphones vs. Apple AirPods [Video] Solution to 7 Day Cert for Yalu Jailbreak May Be Coming Soon Sprint Offers 5 Unlimited Lines for $90/Month Through March 2018 Robot Perfectly Applies an iPhone Screen Protector [Video] New 10th Anniversary iPhone to Feature Iris Scanner? Apple Campus 2 is Being Built With Astonishing Attention to Detail Apple's New 10th Anniversary iPhone Will Likely Cost Over $1000 [Report] Get 20-40% Off These Anker Products for Valentine's Day [Deal] Apple Pay Surpasses PayPal to Become Most Popular Mobile Payment Solution in the U.S. [Chart] WhatsApp is Rolling Out Two-Step Verification to Everyone Apple Launches $199 Pro Apps Education Bundle in 35 Countries All Three New iPhones to Feature Wireless Charging? Production of the Next Generation iPhone May Be Starting Earlier Than Usual Google Announces Android Wear 2.0, New LG Watch Style and LG Watch Sport Smartwatches [Video] Apple Releases Safari Technology Preview 23 [Download] B&O Play Unveils New Beoplay H4 Wireless Headphones T-Mobile and Verizon Tied in Network Speeds [Chart] Facebook App Gets Weather Forecasts Apple Seeds tvOS 10.2 Beta 2 to Developers With Support for Apple File System [Download] LIKE   TWEET   SHARE   PIN   SHARE   POST MAIL MORE Posted February 6, 2017 at 7:47pm by iClarified · 3046 views · Translate Apple has seeded tvOS 10.2 beta 2 to developers for testing. The build number is 14W5231d. This beta adds support for Apple File System (APFS) which was recently added to the iOS 10.3 beta as well. You can learn more about APFS here. tvOS 10.2 includes includes new features, bug fixes, and improvements in the OS and SDK What's New in tvOS 10.2 Beta 2 ● Accelerated Scrolling support for UIKit and TVMLKit apps ● Device Enrollment Program support ● Expanded Mobile Device Management support ● Support for the VideoToolbox framework ● Support for Apple File System (APFS) Developers can download tvOS 10.2 beta from the link below... Download Follow iClarified Comments Add Comment Recent Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder News Tutorials Answers Wizards Search Comments Bookmarks Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified Send Us a Tip Contact Us Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder, News, Tutorials, Answers, Wizards, Search, Comments, Bookmarks, Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified, Send Us a Tip, Contact Us Copyright © iClarified. All rights reserved. Privacy. Content.
NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE Matte Black iPhone 7 Owners Complain of Chipped Paint [Photos] Apple CEO Tim Cook Says Augmented Reality is 'A Big Idea Like the Smartphone' BeatsX Wireless Earphones vs. Apple AirPods [Video] Solution to 7 Day Cert for Yalu Jailbreak May Be Coming Soon Sprint Offers 5 Unlimited Lines for $90/Month Through March 2018 Robot Perfectly Applies an iPhone Screen Protector [Video] New 10th Anniversary iPhone to Feature Iris Scanner? Apple Campus 2 is Being Built With Astonishing Attention to Detail Apple's New 10th Anniversary iPhone Will Likely Cost Over $1000 [Report] Get 20-40% Off These Anker Products for Valentine's Day [Deal] Apple Pay Surpasses PayPal to Become Most Popular Mobile Payment Solution in the U.S. [Chart] WhatsApp is Rolling Out Two-Step Verification to Everyone Apple Launches $199 Pro Apps Education Bundle in 35 Countries All Three New iPhones to Feature Wireless Charging? Production of the Next Generation iPhone May Be Starting Earlier Than Usual Google Announces Android Wear 2.0, New LG Watch Style and LG Watch Sport Smartwatches [Video] Apple Releases Safari Technology Preview 23 [Download] B&O Play Unveils New Beoplay H4 Wireless Headphones T-Mobile and Verizon Tied in Network Speeds [Chart] Facebook App Gets Weather Forecasts Apple Seeds watchOS 3.2 Beta 2 to Developers [Download] LIKE   TWEET   SHARE   PIN   SHARE   POST MAIL MORE Posted February 6, 2017 at 7:53pm by iClarified · 3633 views · Translate Apple has seeded watchOS 3.2 beta 2 to developers for testing. The build number is 14V5214d. watchOS 3.2 brings a new Theater Mode, SiriKit, and other improvements. Theater Mode Introduced in watchOS 3.2, Theater Mode lets users quickly mute the sound on their Apple Watch and avoid waking the screen on wrist raise. Users still receive notifications (including haptics) while in Theater Mode, which they can view by tapping the screen or pressing the Digital Crown. SiriKit watchOS 3.2 includes SiriKit. Users can ask Siri on their Apple Watch to book a ride, send a message, make a payment, or make other requests that your app can handle. Apps that provide services in specific domains can use SiriKit to make those services available through Siri on watchOS. Making your services available requires creating one or more app extensions using the Intents and Intents UI frameworks. SiriKit in watchOS supports services in the following domains: Messaging, Payments, Ride booking, Workouts, Calling, and Searching photos WatchKit Framework Enhancements The WKAudioFilePlayerItem class introduces the setCurrentTime: method, which lets you specify an offset in an audio file. Existing APIs Now Available in watchOS AVAudioPlayer is now available on watchOS. Use AVAudioPlayer for simple playback of audio data from a file or memory. Developers can download the watchOS configuration profile directly to receive OTA updates from the link below... Download Follow iClarified Comments Add Comment Recent Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder News Tutorials Answers Wizards Search Comments Bookmarks Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified Send Us a Tip Contact Us Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder, News, Tutorials, Answers, Wizards, Search, Comments, Bookmarks, Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified, Send Us a Tip, Contact Us Copyright © iClarified. All rights reserved. Privacy. Content.
Politics | Arts & Entertainment | Style & Design | Business & Technology | Search for: Submit Observer Politics National New York New Jersey International Editorials Arts & Entertainment Art Movies Music Performing Arts TV Style & Design Fashion Food & Drink Health & Wellness Home Design Real Estate Travel Business & Technology Deals Innovators Internet Culture Media Startups Subscribe to Newsletters Why Is Venture Capital Still Stuck in 1989? By Adam Root • 02/06/17 2:51pm The fraudulent, failing VC culture is fixable, but we have to let go of the ’80s. Pixabay In the ’60s and ’70s, venture capitalists made startup investing into a science. Their formula was simple: Spot promising startups, get to know their leaders, invest early, and go public only when they’re ready. With this model, mid-century venture capitalists turned upstart tech companies like Apple into household names. Then the 1980s happened. While economists celebrated “the decade of the entrepreneur,” venture investments grew from $3 billion in 1980 to $31 billion in 1989. As the space became more crowded and cutthroat, bloated funds struck pre-revenue and even pre-product deals. Funds grew top-heavy, with managers relying on one or two investments out of 100 to float the fund. For VCs, the ’80s was a time of plenty. For their investors and entrepreneurial partners new to venture capital, it was just the opposite. The Past Is Present But when entertainment moved past Pac-Man and fashion ditched tracksuits, venture capital didn’t change. Today, if you swap “Apple” or “Cisco” with “Uber,” VCs are dreaming the same dreams they were 30 years ago. This year, first-time venture investments hit a record high. New business creation, however, has fallen far below ’80s levels. In short, more VCs — with even more money — are competing for fewer investments. They stand atop swollen funds, blindly deploy capital, and pray one investment becomes tomorrow’s Snapchat. Frankly, that approach creates more losers than winners, and the losers aren’t VCs: They’re companies like Mode Media. Two years ago, Mode’s founder called it a “pioneer” in native advertising and the “seventh-largest” U.S. media company. Peaking at a $1 billion valuation, Mode raised almost $225 million in VC money. What went wrong? To start, Mode’s leaders hid its financial woes to protect its fundraising prospects. Its VC backers, for their part, ignored unchecked growth’s true price because — as usual — the costs didn’t fall on them. Instead, Mode and its VCs left tens of thousands in unpaid debts to its content-creator “partners.” For everyone else, it left a cautionary tale: ’80s-style venture investing is inherently flawed and dangerous, and it must end. Lessons From the ’80s If we’re to modernize venture capital, we must begin by cleaning up its misconceptions. First, let’s drop the idea that fund size correlates with return rates. As a new manager, ’80s-era veterans preached that I needed $100 million or more in my fund to make money. Now, thanks to the age of data, we know that’s patently false. When Mattermark columnist Jason Rowley looked at 476 Bloomberg-listed funds, he found no correlation between fund size and return profile. In other words, that tiny $25 million fund is just as likely to generate great returns as China’s $6.5 billion venture fund. Another vestige of the ‘80s is internal rates of return. Investing sites like FundersClub post insanely high IRRs, which make investors feel warm and fuzzy. The problem? IRRs are bullshit. IRRs serve to inflate valuations for subsequent funding rounds. Startups need more cash, and VCs need to protect their egos. Fortunately, the root problem — illiquidity — is fixable. VCs can create three- to five-year funds. Once a fund’s return metrics are met, its assets can be converted to equity classes salable to private buyers. Then there’s the unicorn-chasing problem. Unfortunately, while the get-big-fast ‘90s are over, founders are still crossing their fingers that a star investment will save a fund full of poor performers. In Q3 of 2016, VCs deployed $15 billion to 1,800 companies. I get it. I was a founder once. I wanted to a billionaire and brag about finding the next Facebook. But a lot of money is flooding very few companies, and much of it is going down the toilet. In first-quarter 2016, for example, venture capital posted a negative 3.3 percent return. Both parties need to wake up. Early-stage investor and Strategic Exits Corp CEO Basil Peters recommends investors exit after investments’ fastest growth phase. Smaller wins yield better results. Founders need to learn this, too. About 18 percent of founders believe their companies will, one day, fetch $1 billion valuations. In reality, less than 1 percent of seed-funded startups ever post billion-dollar valuations. End the Cycle VCs dangle the unicorn carrot in front of founders, encouraging them to work 100-hour weeks on low salaries in high-rent cities. They do so hoping that maybe — maybe — their funds post fictional IRRs and one of 100 companies returns their investments. When I saw this reality, I thought of George Orwell’s final line in “Animal Farm”: “The creatures outside looked from pig to man, and from man to pig, and from pig to man again; but already it was impossible to say which was which.” The fraudulent, failing VC culture is fixable, but we have to let go of the ’80s. We’ve got to realize that when we fail to treat one another as farmers, we all become pigs. Adam Root is a founding partner at Tricent Capital, a venture capital firm based in San Francisco, California, that makes data-driven investments to deliver frequent, consistent, and rapid returns for investors while creating life-changing economic events for founders. Formerly the co-founder, CTO, and COO at SocialCentiv, Adam supports Tricent’s portfolio companies by mentoring executive teams on software engineering, user experience (UX), marketing, sales, and customer service. Up Next‘Fifty Shades Darker’ Review: Porn Without Pain, Plot or Point Article continues below More from Culture ‘Fifty Shades Darker’ Review: Porn Without Pain, Plot or Point Must Reads Up Next‘Fifty Shades Darker’ Review: Porn Without Pain, Plot or Point Observer About Newsletters Advertise Contact Privacy Terms Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Sections You are not signed in.Sign inRegister HomeDevelopmentPublishingPolitics & LawMedia & MarketingMobileVR & ARFinancialeSportsEventsGames Industry JobsNordic Game 2017 Tech and gaming giants challenge Trump's immigration order Apple, Facebook, Microsoft, among 97 companies filing amicus brief over recent ban, say new rules already hurting US businesses Brendan Sinclair Senior Editor Monday 6th February 2017 Share this article Recommend Tweet Share US President Donald Trump's executive order on immigration is proving unpopular in Silicon Valley. A group of 97 companies including tech giants like Apple, Facebook, Google, Microsoft, Twitter, and Wikimedia yesterday filed a court brief lending their weight to the Washington Attorney General's lawsuit seeking to overturn the order. According to the companies' brief, "The Order represents a significant departure from the principles of fairness and predictability that have governed the immigration system of the United States for more than fifty years-and the Order inflicts significant harm on American business, innovation, and growth as a result. The Order makes it more difficult and expensive for U.S. companies to recruit, hire, and retain some of the world's best employees. It disrupts ongoing business operations. And it threatens companies' ability to attract talent, business, and investment to the United States." Trump's executive order created a number of new immigration policies, a handful of which have sparked controversy. Two of the order's most contentious policies--a ban on immigration from seven predominantly Muslim countries and a 120-day freeze on the refugee admissions program--were shelved on Friday when a federal judge sided with the state of Washington and placed a temporary restraining order preventing their enforcement. The Trump administration filed an emergency motion to allow the bans to be enforced while it prepared an appeal; the court refused to grant Trump an immediate administrative stay, but has yet to issue a final ruling on the motion, having just received Washington's counter-argument this morning. While the companies signing on to the amicus brief leaned heavily into the tech space, there were some outliers, including yogurt maker Chobani and jeans company Levi Strauss. Gaming-related firms also included Zynga, Scopely, Autodesk, Github, Indiegogo, Patreon, and Kickstarter. A number of other publishers and developers--including Blizzard, Insomniac, and Harmonix, were not on the brief but have already made their feelings on the ban clear. "Businesses and employees have little incentive to go through the laborious process of sponsoring or obtaining a visa, and relocating to the United States, if an employee may be unexpectedly halted at the border," the amicus brief states. "Skilled individuals will not wish to immigrate to the country if they may be cut off without warning from their spouses, grandparents, relatives, and friends- they will not pull up roots, incur significant economic risk, and subject their family to considerable uncertainty to immigrate to the United States in the face of this instability." It adds, "Highly skilled immigrants will be more interested in working abroad, in places where they and their colleagues can travel freely and with assurance that their immigration status will not suddenly be revoked. Multinational companies will have strong incentives, including from their own employees, to base operations outside the United States or to move or hire employees and make investments abroad. Foreign companies will have significantly less incentive to establish operations in the United States and hire American citizens, because the Order will preclude the ability of those companies to employ their world-class talent within their U.S. subsidiaries. Ultimately, American workers and the economy will suffer as a result." UPDATE: Outsourcing specialist Streamline Studios is the latest to join the ranks of those speaking out against the executive order. The team put together a video expressing their thoughts on the matter, calling for unity in the games industry. Meanwhile a spokesperson offered GamesIndustry.biz the following statement: "As an American company based in Malaysia, a predominantly Muslim country we are appalled by this executive order. Streamline employs over 200 people from 28 different nationalities have offices in the U.S., Malaysia, Japan and Germany. Trump's immigration ban is an act of injustice that directly affects our company as well as countless others in the industry. We stand against the order with the rest of the industry and do not intend to stay silent about it." Sign up for The Daily Update and get the best of GamesIndustry.biz in your inbox. Related stories "Any pressure on visas getting into the US is worrisome" - Valve Erik Johnson and Gabe Newell explain how Trump's immigration policies could prompt The International to be moved out of the country By Brendan Sinclair 17 hours ago Political chaos threatens the whole games business From Trump to Brexit to the rise of anti-globalisation rhetoric, the conditions that allow games companies to do business are under attack By Rob Fahey 23 hours ago Latest comments There are no comments on this article yet. Why not be the first to post one? Sign in to contribute Email addressPasswordSign in Need an account? Register now. Now hiring Improbable IconImprobable blog Sponsored Making a MMO in seven days Among the Sleep developer Krillbite used SpatialOS to prototype a MMO in just a week. 4 days ago SpatialOS in San Francisco - Improbable heads to GDC Improbable to deliver impressive speaker line-up and new partner, program and product news at GDC. 15 days ago
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures Discounts My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Samsung's Galaxy S8 will have a fingerprint sensor on the rear and a 'Bixby' button for its AI assistant Two models expected , with 5.8- and 6.2-inch QHD Super AMOLED screens VentureBeat says they will be revealed on March 29th Both models still have headphone socket - despite claims they would not  By Mark Prigg For Dailymail.com Published: 13:53 EST, 6 February 2017 | Updated: 14:05 EST, 6 February 2017 e-mail 97 shares View comments As Samsung's unveiling of its make or break Galaxy S8 approaches, the firm's official cases for the handset appear to have leaked online. The leather cases, complete with a Samsung logo, show the S8 will have a fingerprint sensor on the rear - backing previous claims it will have no home button but an 'infinity screen' on the front. It also reveals the firm may have added a button just for its new Siri-killer smart AI, called Bixby. Scroll down for video  The leather cases, complete with a Samsung logo, show the S8 will have a fingerprint sensor on the rear - fitting with previous claims it will have no home button but an 'infinity screen' on the front. SAMSUNG'S BIXBY Bixby could be used for a wide variety of functions in a similar way to Apple's Siri.   The latest rumors suggests Bixby will have visual search capabilities to analyze the image, identify objects and performing optical character recognition on visible text. Once activated, a search tool will appear allowing users to search for specific objects or ‘use optical character recognition to process any text you point the phone at.  And will be equip with ‘a high degree of interconnectedness to other applications’  For example, the technology will show you where to buy an object in and image and can also complete the transaction for you. And will be activated once users open the handset’s camera app.  'Today, we have one more leak which are images of the alleged official cases for Samsung Galaxy S8, claims  Androidpure. 'The images of the alleged official Galaxy S8 show one slot for the Flash, main Camera and another slot for Fingerprint sensor at the back.'  Samsung is expected to officially It claims they will be unveiled on March 29th.  The first pictures claiming to show off Samsung's Galaxy S8 phone have  been posted online. They reveal the majority of the rumours surround the phone are correct - showing a larger device with no home button. The image, obtained by VentureBeat, shows the larger of the two expected models, which are believed to have 5.8- and 6.2-inch AMOLED screens.  'Samsung is preparing to unveil a pair of Galaxy S8 smartphones significantly different from past models, according to someone familiar with the company’s plans,' VentureBeat said. The new range is expected to have processors made using Samsung's new 10-nanometer fabrication methods, which VentureBeat says makes them 11 percent faster than the Galaxy S7 overall, with 23 percent faster graphics processing, but still 20 percent more energy efficient.  RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next How to win an Oscar (according to science): Researchers say... 'It's a playground for paedophiles': Perverts are luring... 'Our Google Home just went bonkers!' Firm's Super Bowl... The billionaire so tired of being stuck in traffic he is... Share this article Share 97 shares The Galaxy S8: This picture shows the larger version of the handset, which has a 6.2inch 'infinity' curved screen and no home button. The fingerprint sensor used to unlock it is on the rear (right image). the pictures also reveal a USB-C charging port and a headphone socket, scotching rumours Samsung was set to follow Apple and abandon it. With no Home button to house the fingerprint sensor, it has been moved to the rear.  The leather cases, complete with a Samsung logo, show the S8 will have a fingerprint sensor on the rear - backing previous claims it will have no home button but an 'infinity screen' on the front. Here, the embossed Samsung logo can clearly be seen. The Guardian first revealed details of the phone's 'infinity display'. 'The two smartphones are codenamed Dream and Dream 2, representing the smaller and larger Galaxy S8 respectively, according to two sources,' it said. 'Both versions will have screens that curve down at the left and right sides of the device similar to the Galaxy S7 Edge, two sources have said.' Earlier this week it was revealed Samsung will not unveil its Galaxy S8 smartphone at the Mobile World Congress (MWC) trade show in February this year as expected, it has been revealed. The make or break handset will be the firm's first flagship launch since the disastrous Galaxy Note 7 launch, which led to a $4.5bn recall. Samsung mobile chief Koh Dong-jin confirmed the phone would not get a launch event at the MWC event in Barcelona, which begins on Feb. 27, unlike the previous Galaxy S smartphones.  According to the images, the Galaxy S8 Plus (pictured) measures 152.38 x 78.51 x 7.94mm, which would make it taller that the Samsung S7 edge. It would also have a 6.3 inch screen with curved sides Koh did not comment on when the company planned to launch the new handset, the first premium model Samsung is due to release since the failure of its Note 7 flagship device in October over safety issues. The firm showed off the Galaxy S7 on the sidelines of MWC in February 2016, and started selling the phones in March.  It comes as Samsung has blamed two separate battery issues for the fires that hit its flagship Galaxy Note 7 device last year, as it sought to draw a line under the humiliating recall. The world's biggest smartphone maker was forced to discontinue the smartphone, originally intended to compete with Apple's iPhone, after a chaotic recall that saw replacement devices also catching fire. The fiasco cost the South Korean company $5.3 billion (£4.2 billion) in lost profit and reputational damage.   It came during a torrid period when it has also been embroiled in a corruption scandal that has seen President Park Geun-Hye impeached.  Internal and independent investigations 'concluded that batteries were found to be the cause of the Note 7 incidents', Samsung said in a statement. Samsung has blamed two separate battery issues for the fires that hit its flagship Galaxy Note 7 device last year, as it sought to draw a line under the humiliating recall  TWO MAJOR FLAWS The first issue was that the battery components in the Galaxy Note 7 did not fit in the battery's casing.  This caused the battery cell's upper right corner to be crimped by the casing.   The second round affected the devices sent to replace the original faulty phones. These were caused by manufacturing issues, including poor welding at the battery manufacturer. 'We sincerely apologise for the discomfort and concern we have caused to our customers,' Koh Dong-Jin, the head of its mobile business, said bowing before hundreds of reporters and cameramen at a press conference in Seoul. The first issue was that the battery components in the Galaxy Note 7 did not fit in the battery's casing.  This caused the battery cell's upper right corner to be crimped by the casing.   The second round affected the devices sent to replace the original faulty phones. These were caused by manufacturing issues, including poor welding at the battery manufacturer. Samsung is the most prominent unit of the giant Samsung group, South Korea's largest conglomerate with a revenue equivalent to about a fifth of the country's GDP. Samsung has blamed lithium-ion batteries for causing its Galaxy Note 7 mobile phones to overheat and catch fire  It announced a recall of 2.5 million units of the oversized Galaxy Note 7 in September 2016 after several devices exploded or caught fire, with the company blaming batteries from a supplier, widely believed to be its sister firm Samsung SDI. SAMSUNG'S GALAXY S8 RUMORS New renders of what could be Samsung Galaxy S8 have surfaced and they suggest the device will incorporate a dual-lens camera design and remove the home button for an edge-to-edge screen. It's speculated that Samsung could design a fingerprint-sensing display or place the feature behind the tempered glass. Because levels of concentration will be increased with a 'full screen', pictures and videos should be much clearer and even go so far as to produce a 3D effect. A recent render of what Samsung's Galaxy S8 is believed to look like. Samsung mobile chief Koh Dong-jin confirmed today the phone would not get a launch event at the MWC event in Barcelona, which begins on Feb. 27, unlike the previous Galaxy S smartphones. Rumors suggest that pixels of the dual-cameras will support 16 megapixels and 8 megapixels. Another new addition to the Galaxy S8 could also be an upgraded Application process (AP) that corresponds to handset's brain. Sources say Samsung is going to start mas-producing 10-nano Snapdragon 830s, which will be used for Galaxy S8, at the end of this year at the earliest. The artist impression also shows the handset in four vibrant shades of red, blue, purple and yellow - another feature yet to be seen by Samsung users.  When replacement phones - with batteries from another firm, largely thought to be Chinese manufacturer ATL - also started to combust, the company decided to kill off the Note 7 for good. The first issue was that the battery components in the Galaxy Note 7 did not fit in the battery's casing. This caused the battery cell's upper right corner to be crimped by the casing The world's biggest smartphone maker was forced to discontinue the smartphone, originally intended to compete with Apple's iPhone, after a chaotic recall that saw replacement devices also catching fire. Pictured is a test in which the Galaxy S7 battery caught fire under pressure  As many as 1.9 million of the phones were sold in the US, where authorities banned the device from use on planes and even from being placed in checked luggage. Airlines around the world issued similar prohibitions. The firm has since embarked on a campaign to restore its battered reputation, issuing repeating apologies and putting full-page advertisements in prominent US newspapers including the Wall Street Journal, New York Times and Washington Post admitting that it 'fell short' on its promises. Analysts said that Samsung was looking to move on from the crisis with the announcement, which did not implicate other devices. 'Consumers tend to be forgiving the first time,' said Tom Kang, research director at Counterpoint Technology. 'But if it happens again, it will leave a lasting mark on Samsung's quality and brand image.' Samsung had concentrated on innovative design, thinness and battery capacity rather than safety, he said. The firm's next model, the Galaxy S8, had been expected to be unveiled at next month's Mobile World Congress in Barcelona, but Samsung's Koh said it would be delayed to ensure that it had no safety issues.  The second round affected the devices sent to replace the original faulty phones. These were caused by manufacturing issues, including poor welding at the battery manufacturer Koh Dong-Jin, president of Samsung Electronics¿ Mobile Communications Business apologises for the faults in its Galaxy Note 7 devices that led to their recall  Analysts said that Samsung was looking to move on from the crisis with the announcement, which did not implicate other devices. Pictured is the Galaxy S7  Customers whose devices spontaneously set on fire shared their pictures since the first incidents were reported in August Samsung deployed around 700 researchers and engineers on its investigation, testing more than 200,000 fully-assembled devices and more than 30,000 batteries, it said. It did not identify the battery makers on Monday, but independent investigators UL and Exponent agreed with the findings. Battery A had a design issue that pushed down the right corner of the battery, while Battery B had defective internal welds, said Kevin White, principal scientist at Exponent. But Koh dismissed the possibility of suing the manufacturers.  'Whatever parts we use, the overall responsibility falls to us for failing to verify its safety and quality,' he said. 'At this point, I don't think it's right to seek legal action. GIRL, 13, SUFFERS MINOR BURN FROM NOTE 7 REPLACEMENT   A Minnesota father says his daughter suffered a minor burn to her thumb when her replacement Samsung smartphone melted in her hand last week. Andrew Zuis of Farmington, Minn., said his daughter, Abby, was holding the Galaxy Note 7 in her left hand Friday when it melted. Zuis saidthat the family had acquired the new phone on the day the replacement phones were released. There had been no problem with the original phone, he said. 'She's done with Note 7s right now,' Zuis said of his daughter. Reports of more replacement phones catching fire continued  'It's very fortunate Abby was not injured and was holding the phone,' Zuis said. 'If it was in her pocket, I think it would have been a whole different situation. I'm just very disappointed in Samsung and their product.' Zuis provided KSTP-TV with receipts showing that the family bought a Galaxy Note 7 in August and then exchanged it Sept. 21 after Samsung announced the recall. Andrew Zuis, of Farmington, Minn., showed the replacement Samsung Galaxy Note 7 phone belonging to his 13-year-old daughter Abby, that melted in her hand 'She's done with Note 7s right now,' Zuis said of his daughter. A Samsung representative told KSTP that an investigation is underway. 'We want to reassure our customers that we take every report seriously and we are engaged with the Zuis family to ensure we are doing everything we can for them and their daughter,' the representative said in a statement.  Around 1,000 different parts from some 450 suppliers were needed for each Galaxy Note 7. Samsung acknowledged that it provided the specifications for the batteries, adding in its statement: 'We have taken several corrective actions to ensure this never happens again. The lessons of the past several months are now deeply reflected in our processes and in our culture.' The firm, which is set to announce fourth-quarter and full-year results on Tuesday, has estimated the cost of the recall at $5.3 billion. But investors welcomed today's announcement with Samsung shares trading up 1.9 percent at 1.90 million won in Seoul in the afternoon. The firm has separately been caught up in South Korea's wide-ranging political corruption scandal, with prosecutors last week seeking the arrest of its vice-chairman Lee Jae-Yong on charges of bribery, embezzlement and perjury. Lee, who became Samsung's de facto head after his father suffered a heart attack in 2014, is accused of bribing Choi Soon-Sil, Park's secret confidante at the centre of the scandal, and receiving policy favours from Park in return. Samsung is the single biggest contributor to two non-profit foundations controlled by Choi, but a court rejected the arrest request on grounds of insufficient evidence. Read more: This is the Samsung Galaxy S8, launching March 29 | VentureBeat | Mobile | by Evan Blass Samsung Galaxy S8 to have bigger 'infinity' display, insiders say | Technology | The Guardian Alleged Samsung Galaxy S8 official cases leak | AndroidPure Share or comment on this article e-mail 97 shares Most watched News videos Danielle Bregoli throws punches while boarding Spirit Airways Cameraman 'zooms in' on woman's breasts in 'see-through' swimsuit Caught on camera: Bystanders watch topless men fighting in street Moment Lindsay Hoyle and Alex Salmond scream at each other Danielle Bregoli discusses fighting a 'crack head' with her mom 'I don't take no s***': Bus driver kicks drunk man off bus Watch Barack Obama wipe out in kite surfing battle McConnell blocks Warren from reading letter from MLK's wife Footage shows hostile environment that Alexander Blackman endured Melissa McCarthy nails screeching Sean Spicer on SNL Danielle went viral after appearing on Dr Phil in 2016 Moment woman pops open her shirt by flexing her boobs Socialite Tara Palmer-Tomkinson, 45, dies at her London... 'She hit my mom and I need to whoop her right now:'... Barack Obam-AIR! New photos show former president... San Francisco transit janitor who makes more than $250K a... Woman accused of Photoshopping an engaged stranger's face... 'My intestines were out... and she was grabbing hold of... Snow could hit London TONIGHT and it's set to be a white... Chilling moment four women are stranded on a rock in the... Tara's devastating secret illness in her own words: How... Thinking of her breaststroke? Distracted cameraman... The astonishing moment a Zebra's head is left poking out... Bridge of sighs: Disgusted mother, 19, spots a couple... Visiting daddy at work! Ivanka shares sweet snap of her... New male contraceptive jab that works for TWO YEARS:... Iraqi girl, 10, is 'bitten to death' with medieval... Manchester City star John Stones splashes out £3.4million... 92% of left-wing activists live with their parents and... Mother is sentenced to 16 years in prison for incest,... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments (0) Share what you think We are no longer accepting comments on this article. Who is this week's top commenter? Find out now More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read The truth about supermarket salmon: It's come 22,000 miles from Alaska to your plate (via China, Suez and... Look up tonight! Stunning snow moon eclipse and a mysterious green comet are set to appear in the night sky Change your WhatsApp security settings NOW: App rolls out an extra level of privacy for your messages Can YOU identify these stars from just their lips? Scientists say plump pouts like the Kardashians' aren't... B-52 set for 'Star Wars' weapons upgrade: Veteran bomber could get laser pods to shoot incoming missiles out... Ancient signals from the early universe: Scientists calculate gravitational wave sources that appeared right... The 'selfie paradox': Study finds people hate looking at them on other people's feeds - but still post their... US Army reveals smart sight that could give EVERY soldier the aim of a supersniper The amazing 'wizard's hat' amoeba: Arcella gandalfi named after Lord of the Rings character Samsung's Galaxy S8 'infinity screen' revealed in new leaks: Photos show curved design and tiny bezels Samsung's Galaxy S8 to be launched in New York next month in two sizes  - and both will have curved screens 'They have given me freedom': The heartwarming moment a cerebral palsy sufferer who uses her iPhone and iPad... Why Tinder is 'evil but satisfying': Expert finds the fun of swiping doesn't always carry over into the... Forget Google Maps, radical swarm of 148 mini satellites set to capture a 50-trillion-pixel image of Earth... Finding the same things funny is the secret to satisfaction in a relationship, scientists say MORE HEADLINES Look up tonight! Stunning snow moon eclipse and a mysterious green comet are set to appear in the night sky Change your WhatsApp security settings NOW: App rolls out an extra level of privacy for your messages US Army reveals smart sight that could give EVERY soldier the aim of a supersniper The 'selfie paradox': Study finds people hate looking at them on other people's feeds - but still post their own Do YOU dread going into the office? Getting ill is the only time we feel worse than being at work Revealed: 3,000-year old footprints of children are found alongside rare painting fragments at the site of a mysterious Egyptian palace Samsung's Galaxy S8 to be launched in New York next month in two sizes  - and both will have curved screens Samsung's Galaxy S8 'infinity screen' revealed in new leaks: Photos show curved design and tiny bezels Mark Zuckerberg reveals Oculus virtual reality gloves that let you TYPE in thin air Why Tinder is 'evil but satisfying': Expert finds the fun of swiping doesn't always carry over into the real-world B-52 set for 'Star Wars' weapons upgrade: Veteran bomber could get laser pods to shoot incoming missiles out of the sky The rise of the LAT: Experts spot big rise in older adults choosing 'living apart together' and keeping their own homes Forget Google Maps, radical swarm of 148 mini satellites set to capture a 50-trillion-pixel image of Earth DAILY following Valentine's Day launch Apple may have stored 'deleted' Safari searches in iCloud: Glitch meant private data was shown across multiple devices Did a DOUBLE plume of magma wipe out the dinosaurs? Experts suggest a new theory for the historic mass extinction 65 million years ago MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Robin Thicke has emotional reunion with son under watchful eye of social worker as ex Paula Patton reluctantly hands him over in park Botox in her neck, an apple before every meal and lasers to wipe out knee wrinkles: How Christie Brinkley looks like this at 63  Ageless beauty All that glitters! Kylie Jenner flashes her midriff and legs in fringed gold crop top and matching skirt for Jeremy Scott's NYFW show You can't strut with us! Kendall Jenner, Bella Hadid and Hailey Baldwin make for a formidable fashion pack as they parade their way into the Fendi party Nicole Scherzinger puts on a busty display in cut-out blouse for night out at LA hotspot Catch Quite a catch Can a mattress help you have better sex? From keeping you cool to the perfect bounce, how your bed could hold the key to your love life SPONSORED Daddy's little girl! Tom Hanks' granddaughter's name revealed as the adorable tot steps out wearing an outfit picked out by father Chet  13 months old Daddy's biggest fan! Behati Prinsloo takes baby Dusty Rose to support Adam Levine as he is honored with star on Hollywood Walk of Fame 'The love of my life': Cassadee Pope announces engagement to Rian Dawson with sweet snap as she shows off huge diamond ring Sitting pretty: Charlie XCX shines in pink polka dots at the Variety Portrait Studio event with Noah Cyrus and Kat Graham Non-stop party Vanderpump Rules' Stassi Schroeder shows off her skivvies in sheer frock at Nicole Miller's NYFW runway show She sat front row at the show on Friday A vision in velvet! Jessie James Decker shows off her svelte figure in burgundy dress with thigh high boots for her Kittenish pop up shop Meow! Paris Hilton braves snow in quirky cat ear cap after walking the runway for New York Fashion Week Didn't let the snow ruin her trip  Lovebirds! Peter Facinelli and girlfriend Lily Anne Harrison pack on the PDA as they take a stroll in Los Angeles  Seems like things are still quite steamy Sealed with a kiss! Ariel Winter shares a cheeky peek with her gal pal after getting frisky with fires Locking lips at a Hollywood hotspot Shanina Shaik flashes MAJOR side boob in slinky black frock before celebrating 26th birthday with an adorable cake of her much-younger self  Look away Rob! Blac Chyna spotted without her engagement ring as she enjoys lunch date with a mystery man She did her best to keep a low profile Second-gen stunner! Andy Garcia's daughter Alessandra Garcia Lorido is a rising talent in the plus-size modeling world She is turning heads She was an American Girl! Kate Upton stuns in slinky silk ensemble at MusiCares event honoring Tom Petty She can't help but command the spotlight 'We are extremely happy': George Clooney's mom, Nina, gushes over what a 'great' dad her son will make as he and wife Amal expect twins She even stuns in sweats! Selena Gomez opts for comfort in cozy top and bell bottoms as she steps out in LA She looked gorgeous as ever New York minute! Romee Strijd steps out in super short skirt showing off long legs during chilly fashion week Braving the cold weather Forget something? Allison Williams wows in sparkly black blazer with no BRA at Get Out premiere in Los Angeles Seems to have forgotten an item of clothing Hailey Baldwin rocks rose colored glasses and leather for RtA FW 2017 presentation at New York Fashion Week Making a name for herself EXCLUSIVE: 'I was scared to come back because of my beliefs': Lindsay Lohan on returning to the US while studying Islam and wanting to meet Trump Coffee and cigarettes: Fresh faced Frenchwoman Vanessa Paradis stops to smoke after enjoying lunch with friends Johnny Depp's ex 'The older that you get ... less is more!': Makeup enthusiast Kim Zolciak touts virtues of using fewer cosmetics She's regularly seen with a fully made up face 'We're famous, Daddy!' Nick Cannon reveals his struggle to keep five-year-old twins with Mariah Carey grounded The America's Got Talent host spoke out 'So excited to shoot with women of all sizes!' Ashley Graham flaunts her cleavage in sizzling salsa-themed ad for her swimsuit line She's proud of her figure 'I could die': Mama June Shannon vows there is a 'skinnier person inside' her as she undergoes surgery in new From Not to Hot trailer Kim Kardashian works out with her sisters in LA while husband Kanye West prepares for fashion week in NYC Sweat session with Kourtney and Khloe Kourtney Kardashian shows off her pins in black leggings as she chats on the phone while running errands Spotted out and about in Los Angeles Nice puppies! Lena Dunham dons bold striped frock as she makes Tonight Show appearance with two cute furry guests Canine companions 'Babes!' Gwen Stefani gushes about beau Blake Shelton and pal Adam Levine as the Maroon 5 singer gets a star on the Hollywood Walk Of Fame 'You want to introduce some fear!' Tim McGraw reveals he scares his and Faith Hill's daughters' dates with a sledgehammer  Scary dad Big city pretty! Snooki, JWOWW and Christina Milian get dolled up at NYFW celebrity beauty bar They were seen getting their glam on Busting out! Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi flaunts VERY ample cleavage in bizarre video announcement for new movie Mischa Barton steps out for a rainy day drive in her convertible...one day after 'drinking and smoking until 3am' at West Hollywood bar Out with a friend Can't rain on her parade! Kelly Rowland braves LA downpour to celebrate birthday in showstopping beaded ensemble 36th birthday 'How pretty is this is?': Eva Longoria shares romantic Valentine's Day balloon display she made for husband Jose Bastón Loved-up That's not Selena Gomez! The Weeknd hits pre-Grammy party in LA with former Miss USA Rima Fakih...who's the spitting image of his girlfriend Well, it's not ALWAYS the happiest place on Earth! Drew Barrymore recalls her daughter Olive's spectacular tantrums at Disney World Ivanka, Jared and their three children take their first flight on Air Force One to Mar-a-Lago as she carries purse and wears shoes from her own embattled label Bella Thorne wears lacy crop top to join mystery man on double-date bike ride with sister Dani Thorne and boyfriend in LA Found someone new? Diane Kruger looks beautiful in blue as she joins Adriana Lima with a leggy display on front row at Jason Wu's New York Fashion Week show 'She's our guardian angel now': Katie Holmes' puts on a brave face at Fashion Week as she reveals her grandmother passed away  Naughty but nice! LeAnn Rimes sizzles in a black dress with a plunging, laced up neckline for pre-Grammys event Racy outfit The Crown creator is 'thinking about recasting everybody' as the plot progresses... meaning Matt Smith and Claire Foy would no longer star in the hit drama Looking tan-dy! Olivia Culpo and Madison Beer don color-coordinating outfits for Cushnie Et Ochs NYFW show Very similar color palettes Babymoon time! Whitney Port and husband jet out on vacation after the Hills star announced pregnancy    Expecting their first child Courtney Stodden makes out with a mystery man before revealing she has split from husband Doug Hutchison, 56 Blonde reality star is 22 Duggars welcomes 'son' Tyler to the family while celebrating his birthday three months after Jim Bob and Michelle were declared his legal guardians Lena Dunham bares midriff in crop top tracksuit after discussing her Trump diet again and how she 'drops weight with every move he makes' Amber Rose and Val Chmerkovskiy 'split' almost five months after falling in love on Dancing With The Stars  Reportedly 'just too different' New York's her runway! Kendall Jenner parades much shorter haircut as she struts around town during fashion week New hair 'It's truly a miracle': Family rejoice as Jamie Lynn Spears' daughter Maddie, 8, LEAVES hospital six days after girl almost died after flipping ATV into a pond Brielle Biermann enjoys a sweet early Valentine's Day celebration with boyfriend Michael Kopech and wins 'best girlfriend' award Bumping along nicely! Ciara protectively strokes her belly on casual outing in Beverly Hills Her dress emphasized her baby bump The Boy from Oz! Actor Hugh Jackman reveals that he STILL gets excited by snow despite years in the US as he braves New York snowstorm Rita Ora only has 'positive energy' for ex Rob Kardashian after he welcomes a baby with Blac Chyna... despite infamous Twitter spat following their ugly split Kate Upton looks prim and proper in pearls and blouse at LAX following claims of 'diva' behavior over Sports Illustrated shoot Classy look Drew Barrymore's ex Will Kopelman takes daughters for stroll with female companion... after actress admits their divorce was her 'worst nightmare' Katy Perry on why she's 'given up' caring what people think about her quirky style Used to spend hours reading comments about her appearance  How the West Wing was won: Kellyanne Conway dresses in head-to-toe leather day after travel ban ruling (and drops $6k on her boots and purse alone) Getting ready to roll! Irina Shayk shows bump in sweatshirt as she prepares for her little one's arrival with another driving lesson Bradley Cooper girlfriend Chelsea Clinton and husband Marc take son on an afternoon trip to gourmet food emporium after a morning at a fashion show DENYING she'd run for senate Trailer for 'racist' Netflix series Dear White People 'gets a million dislikes in just ONE day' - and sparks customer revolt  Backlash over show Trans teen Jazz Jennings is set to get her own DOLL as toy company announces the debut of 'genderless' toy made in the 16 year old's likeness Oh, what beautiful morning! Leighton Meester, Camilla Belle and Victoria Justice flock to Russian Tea Room for Kate Spade NYFW show 'He's gone. He's blue': Fadi Fawaz's frantic 999 call reveals that lover had 'been trying to wake George Michael for an hour' before calling  Call has been leaked Emotional fans praise Michael Bublé's new video about 'everlasting love'... as he makes his musical comeback amid his son Noah's cancer battle Next generation! Sofia Richie shows off her modeling chops as she gets VERY close to Anwar Hadid in Tommy Hilfiger's sultry new denim campaign Should Jamie Oliver be holding his baby so close to the cooker? Parenting expert's warning over photo of chef with his baby son River Rocket Effortlessly chic! Model Jessica Hart flashes a hint of cleavage as she goes BRALESS in plunging black outfit at New York Fashion Week The 30-year-old Aussie  'Your job is to get naked and say lines!' Debra Messing reveals  top director pressured her to do nude scene - after insisting she needed a nose job It's all in the wrist! Celebrity hairstylist Justine Marjan details the secrets to how she achieves perfectly lived-in waves on clients like Khloe Kardashian Family trip! Charlize Theron heads through LAX with her mother and her children Jackson and August South African actress adopted both kids Youthful looking Nicole Kidman, 49, flashes a hint of skin in a quirky polka dot dress with a thigh-high split as she attends Lion premiere in Paris Postcard from paradise: Kim Kardashian shares personal photo album of her wet and wild waterfall adventure in Costa Rica  While Kate Spade unveils a Parisian-inspired 2017 collection with the help of Victoria Justice, Tanya Taylor serves up pieces for the modern gal Oh so chic! Olivia Culpo and Nicky Hilton turn heads in black at white at LANYU Couture runway show Taking in New York Fashion Week Alec Baldwin roasts Ivanka Trump during Tonight Show saying he bought his suit from her collection for '95 per cent off' amid Nordstrom fiasco Putting their money where their mouth is: Celebs go on shopping sprees at Nordstrom after Trump bashed retailer for dropping Ivanka's clothing line Keanu Reeves looks dapper in a navy suit as he attends the gala screening of his latest flick John Wick in London Plays a brutal assassin  Richard Gere, 67, and girlfriend Alejandra Silva, 33, pucker up on the red carpet as they put on a besotted display at the Berlin Film Festival 'I thought about it and I was wrong!' D&G designer Stefano Gabbana backtracks after body-shaming Lady Gaga following her Super Bowl show Color in Kate! Kensington Palace joins the crayon craze with a book of the Duchess of Cambridge's outfits that is flying off the shelves  Features 31 outfits Kate and Wills planning a third baby? Harry and Meghan's engagement? Charles facing new embarrassment over Diana? What's going on behind the new hedge  How Fergie's now calling herself Margaret York and trying to run a business empire from a hotel bar  Sarah Ferguson is going by her middle name Prince Harry's ex Cressida Bonas cuts a demure figure in white dress as she cozies up to Olga Kurylenko at Harvey Weinstein's pre-BAFTA bash Hang on Sloopy rocker is charged with taking a loaded gun in his carry-on bag on a Delta flight to Atlanta Rick Derringer was flying from Cancun, Mexico Fancy seeing you here! Lily-Rose Depp bumps into her pal Tallulah Willis at popular LA lunch spot Two friends and daughters of A-listers  Movie theater says it won't let men in to watch Fifty Shades Darker 'until we see if women can control themselves'  Arousing passions Baby's first Chanel: Rob Kardashian posts sweet snap of baby Dream wearing designer outfit as she turns three months old Adorable photo  Trainspotting 2's Anjela Nedyalkova looks leggy in a nude semi-sheer minidress in Berlin... after getting naked with Ewan McGregor in steamy scenes Love you, baby! Maksim Chmerkovskiy kisses Peta Murgatroyd at fashion show as they take a night off parent duty one month after birth of son  Blondes have more fun! Allison Williams shows off platinum hair at LA screening of Get Out with director Jordan Peele and co-stars The Girls star, 28. Millie Bobby Brown joins the A-list front row fashion set at Calvin Klein after being named the new face of the brand at just 12 The Stranger Things star Ivanka's new life in DC: Visits to her kids' new schools, Flywheel classes, meetings with Mark Zuckerberg's wife and weekly date nights with husband Jared 'We connected really quickly:' Gigi Hadid reveals she tried struggled to play it cool after falling hard for Zayn when they first met Chatting on Ellen show   Revenge is best served HOT! Khloe Kardashian proudly models her ripped body in mirror selfie after officially dropping Odom from her name EXCLUSIVE: Anna Nicole's bodyguard 'Big Moe' tells how he frantically tried to revive her and admits he and star's inner circle were 'enablers'  Golden girls! Gwyneth Paltrow and Sarah Jessica Parker rock autumnal colors for Calvin Klein's Fall Winter show at New York Fashion Week Not wanted! NeNe Leakes jets out of New York amid claims RHOA co-stars are angry she's returning with Kim Zolciak Tensions are rising 'She threw me off!': Maria Shriver gets flustered after Lena Dunham says the word penis during live interview on Today show Things didn't go to plan 'It's been a double whammy': Whoopi Goldberg says she didn't realize how much she depended on her mother and brother as she discusses their deaths  Fifty Shades of Demure! Dakota Johnson cuts a casual figure in chic fur-trimmed coat as she jets out of London for her next movie premiere EXCLUSIVE Drake spends a whopping $750 on chicken takeouts in a late night visit to Leeds branch of Nando's fast food restaurant in England 'There was a baby boom!' Jamie Dornan admits erotic Fifty Shades sex scenes with Dakota Johnson led to pregnancy surge The hunky Irish actor Take a bow! Solange Knowles shows off a hint of cleavage in quirky plunging blazer at the Black Women in Music event in Hollywood  Beyonce's sister, 30 How Kate took ten years off her face: The Duchess has ditched her heavy eyeliner, and matte foundation since turning 35 (and looks a decade younger) So wild! Sofia Vergara wears zebra print blouse as she films Modern Family with Ed O'Neill Showing off some cleavage while playing Gloria  Shia LaBeouf's anti-Trump museum exhibit is shut down after becoming a 'flashpoint for violence' The actor's He Will Not Divide Us exhibit  Managers threatening to sue Blac Chyna for $3m target producers of her reality show with Rob Kardashian They've sent cease and desist letters Rosie O'Donnell transforms into Trump's adviser Steve Bannon on her Twitter profile after volunteering for SNL role Stunning likeness Naomie Harris is the picture of elegance in checked pants and chic white coat as she makes glamorous arrival at Calvin Klein NYFW show Suddenly shy? Rita Ora wraps up in an oversized shearling coat after flashing sexy underboob at Fifty Shades Darker premiere in London Can YOU identify these stars from their lips? Scientists say plump pouts like Kardashians' aren't the most desirable while Taylor Swift has perfect pair Getting a gift for the grandkids? Amal Clooney's mom Baria is pictured going into a children's bookstore as it's revealed A-listers are expecting twins PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tyga's ex Demi Rose sizzles in racy red lace lingerie for sexy Valentine's Day shoot as she reveals plans to move to America Tara Palmer-Tomkinson's family reveal she 'died peacefully in her sleep' as heartbroken sister visits tragic socialite's London apartment  Making an entrance! Fans go wild as The Bold and The Beautiful stars led by Jacqueline MacInnes Wood and Don Diamont make trip Down Under  Chelsea Handler mocks Trump and Ivanka by posing outside the White House clutching Nordstrom bags The talk show queen Charli Sexy-X! Popstar puts on very busty display in plunging bralet and tiny shorts as she performs new single on Jimmy Kimmel Live Flashed plenty of skin  When she's feeling blue: Selma Blair flaunts her legs in a patterned mini dress and matching pajama-style ensemble as she mixed up her look throughout the day Awkward! Suits stars Rick Hoffman and Sarah Rafferty look uncomfortable as they dodge TV show question about Meghan Markle and Prince Harry  NY Giants star Odell Beckham Jr is robbed of shoes, cash and jewelry after 'leaving a bag at a friend's house in Houston' during the Super Bowl 'Well today was a bit warm!' Pia Muehlenbeck flaunts her bikini body at the beach in scorching hot Sydney  The 25-year-old lawyer turned Instagram model  LEAFing little to the imagination! Charlotte McKinney flaunts her eye-popping cleavage in a sheer top as she accessorizes with a quirky clutch 'Sadder than any break-up': Lena Dunham talks about final season of her hit show Girls in candid chat on Inside The Actors Studio An emotional time Save the breast for last! Courtney Stodden sizzles in plunging bodysuit as she showcases major sideboob at pre-Grammys bash in LA Sheer daring! Kendall Jenner bares pert derriere in see-through gown as she hits catwalk for La Perla NYFW show Turning heads 'Amal's twins and Beyonce's twins will sit on the thrones of Narnia': Twitter reacts to George Clooney baby news Very exciting news Peekaboo! Emily Ratajkowski flashes side boob while Hailey Baldwin shows off her pert derriere at New York Fashion Week The stunning models  Richard Gere and his co-star Laura Linney cozy up to each other on the red carpet for The Dinner at the 67th Berlinale International Film Festival Good genes! Kelsey and Camille Grammer's daughter Mason, 15, struts her stuff on catwalk for NYFW It looks like talent runs in the family She's gone all Sporty Spice: Victoria Beckham wears head to toe Adidas in support to brand ambassador husband David following email hacking scandal Delighted Matt Damon reveals he was close to tears after George Clooney told him Amal's twin pregnancy secret when she was just 8 weeks along 'I'm in love!': Kourtney Kardashian bonds with niece Dream... and Penelope gets a squeeze in too Enamored with her brother Rob's daughter Aidan Turner puffs away on a cigarette before he resumes filming with Eleanor Tomlinson for Poldark season three The hit PBS show Fresh fears for Mischa Barton as she is seen drinking, smoking and partying until 3am just weeks after shocking 'meltdown'  Pictured drinking Little Mix singer Jade Thirlwall shows off enviably slender figure in racy tour costume... hours after bandmate Jesy Nelson flaunted her abs in saucy underwear  Katie Holmes shimmies up a storm in her fringed Marchesa frock at red-themed NYFW event Whipped her fringed frock into a frenzy Sister summit! TV siblings Jessica Biel, Beverley Mitchell, and Mackenzie Rosman meet up for 7th Heaven reunion It's been ten years  Brit bombshells! Suki Waterhouse goes braless in perilously plunging jumpsuit while Lottie Moss parades her toned legs in sexy mini dress for fashion event 'I have a right to make that judgment': The Bachelor's Nick Viall defends decision to keep free-spirit Corinne on the show Fiery words Bite me! Ariana Grande's brother Frankie chomps on chain as he storms down the runway in head-to-toe glitter during New York Fashion Week  Red hot! Iskra Lawrence displays her sensational curves in figure-hugging scarlet frock as she arrives at star-studded charity catwalk during NYFW Larry Birkhead says daughter Dannielynn is 'fearless' just like her mother Anna Nicole Smith as he opens up about the model on 10th anniversary of her death Kourtney Kardashian meets up with ex Scott Disick after reality star parties poolside with ladies in Miami Spotted at an office in West Hollywood 'I was very much the same': Khloe Kardashian empathizes with 'ride or die' Tiffany Morgan on Revenge Body Reality star's new show From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Affordable, robust and surprisingly responsive: Samsung's Galaxy A5 With the eagerly awaited Galaxy S8 having been pushed back, South Korea-based Samsung has plugged the gap with the Samsung Galaxy A5, a high-end device with a mid-range price tag. Is it really worth paying £280 for Nintendo's Switch? MailOnline's verdict While the design is impressive and easy to use, the game line up is disappointing. Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The iPad grows up: Apple's iPad Pro The iPad Pro is, for many, a real laptop replacement - and a way to combine work and play in a gadget that will last all day and won't break your back to carry. 'A glimpse into the future of the living room': The new Apple TV Apple says apps are the future of TV, and while its new $149 box does have some issues, its combination of streaming services, games and other apps make it the best way to make your TV smart. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story 'I love all my moms': Hundreds of polygamists led by the family from 'Sister Wives' descend on steps of Utah Capitol to demand the legal right to plural marriage 90 comments 1 video SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Apple accuses Australian banks of seeking a free ride in Apple Pay battle Lulu Chang Digital TrendsFebruary 6, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share apple pay australia battleMore The battle down under over Apple Pay is raging on and it looks like Apple is ready to fight to the death. In its latest submission to the Australian Competition and Consumer Commission (ACCC), the Cupertino, California-based tech giant claims that a group of Australia’s largest banks is looking to “delay or even block” the expansion of Apple Pay at the expense of customers and other card issuers who might be able to use Apple’s technology “as a means of securing a digital presence in competition with the big banks.” For months, Apple has been arguing against the Commonwealth Bank of Australia, National Australia Bank, Westpac Banking Corporation, and Bendigo and Adelaide Bank over whether or not these large banks can access the near field communication (NFC) antenna. In essence, these banks want to place their own digital wallets on iOS, for which they would need to use the iPhone’s NFC antenna. Apple, however, is saying no. More: Look out, Apple Pay and Android Pay — here comes Target Pay According to its most recent filing with the ACCC, Apple says that the banks are looking to avoid paying fees in order to use the technology. Indeed, the tech giant claims, these four financial institutions want to be “allowed to continue to free-ride on the significant investments’’ Apple has made. The banks have already shot back at this charge, calling Apple’s assertions “incorrect and unsupported.” In a statement, the banks noted, “The application has never been about preventing Apple Pay from coming to Australia or reducing competition between wallets.” Rather, they continued, “It has always been about providing real choice and real competition for consumers and facilitating innovation and investment in the digital wallet functionality available to Australians.” A full formal response from the banks will be filed later this week and the ultimate conclusion to this battle royale has yet to be determined. Apple vs. Qualcomm: Everything you need to know Here are all the places that support Apple Pay Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next Your first look at 'Avengers: Infinity War' CNET McKayla Maroney Looks Completely Unrecognizable AllRookieSponsored Wristband monitors your blood alcohol content while you drink Yahoo Tech The White House employee who ensures Trump doesn’t get hacked has been fired BGR News The Galaxy Note 7 disaster is forcing Samsung to make the Galaxy S8 worse BGR News Why Customers Will Be Back For DIRECTV. DIRECTV for BUSINESS™Sponsored Target’s big Apple Watch sale is still happening right now BGR News Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo Finance
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Feb 11, 4:09 AM EST Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology Apple Beats X Earphones Release Date: Updated Inventory Hints They Are Coming Soon By Eric Chiu @eric_chiu On 02/06/17 AT 2:00 PM Close Audio company Beats’ new BeatsX earbuds could be dropping sooner than expected, according to a report from 9to5Mac. As 9to5Mac, MacRumors and others have noted, inventory for white and black BeatsX earbuds have been appearing as available online at various Apple Stores in New York. Through tracking sites like iStockNow, Apple Stores along the east coast in states like Pennsylvania and Maine have also updated the inventory. Best Buy quietly updated its listing for the BeatsX earbuds, replacing an older “Coming Soon” button with a new “Check Stores” one. While you can’t yet add the earbuds to your checkout cart through either retailer, the updated inventory is a likely sign a BeatsX release date is coming soon for the earbuds. The compact wireless earbuds were originally slated for a fall 2016 release, but after a delay last winter, they’ve since had an unspecified February release date.   Related Stories Apple Returns To Success By Beating Earnings Expectations Apple AirPods Could Release Soon The BeatsX earbuds cost $149 and have a slate of features in line with other high-end wireless models. Notably, they’re one of only a few products to feature Apple’s W1 chip that allows for improved Bluetooth audio performance and broadcast range. Other devices featuring the W1 include the Beats Solo3 headphones, the athlete-targeted Powerbeats3 earbuds and Apple’s own AirPods. The high profile and delay of the BeatsX rollout also echoes the release of Apple’s AirPod earbuds. Manufacturing delays pushed back the release of AirPods last year from October to the holiday season, but upon their release, Apple saw strong reviews and sales for the premium earbuds. Chinese manufacturers reportedly had to ramp up production in their factories and Apple CEO Tim Cook described them as a “runaway success” for the company. With Apple’s purchase of Beats in 2014, it’s also worth tracking if the premium earbud market can hold both AirPods and BeatsX. Currently, Apple’s W1 chip is expected to only be featured on Apple and Beats products. As with the Powerbeats3 — and unlike the AirPods — the BeatsX are connected with a single cable that make them easier to carry around without getting lost. Beats also touts an eight-hour battery life for the earbuds versus five hours for the AirPods. Most notably, AirPods retail for $159 -- only $10 more than the BeatsX. Join the Discussion Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Business US Companies Continue Moving Jobs To Mexico Despite the threats of a 35 percent tariff, American companies are moving forward to lay off hundreds of US jobs. Technology Leaked Branding Hints At Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus A popular tech informant has shared the name of one of the Galaxy S8 models. World Snowden Says Report Proves He Never Spied For Russia Edward Snowden, who was given refuge in Russia in 2013, is facing espionage charges in the U.S. for leaking documents about secret mass surveillance programs. National Dossier On Trump-Russia Ties Gaining Credibility: Report While people didn't take the documents seriously when they first came to light, a large number are reassessing their stance following Trump’s stand on Russia during his campaign. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Press Esc to close Saturday 11 February 2017 News updated at 2:40 PM IST Archives Weather Max: 32.6°C Min : 15.5°C In Bengaluru clear sky  Home   News   District   City   Point Blank - Bengaluru   State   National   International   New Delhi   Metrolife   Metro   Region   Business   Business Matters   DH Wheels   Supplements   Sunday   Sportscene   Sunday Herald   Travel   Articulations   Books   Art & Culture   Entertainment   Monday   Cyber Space   Family Finance   Economy & Business   Art Review   Metrolife   Tuesday   Spectrum   Science & Technology   Environment   Metrolife   Wednesday   Metrolife   Thursday   Metrolife   DH Education   Friday   Homes & Interiors   Metrolife   Saturday   Movie Review   She   Living   Metrolife   Sports   Entertainment   Videos   Opinion   Edits   First Edit   Second Edit   Main Article   In Perspective   Net mail   Right in the Middle   Columns   Oasis   Analysis   Panorama   Special Features   Sunday Spotlight   Kitchen   Recipe   ePaper    Akhilesh, Rahul release 10-pt common minimum programme for UP      Sasikala seeks appointment with Guv to parade MLAs      2 AIADMK Lok Sabha MPs join Panneerselvam camp      Trump's U turn on Taiwan shows he is learning: Chinese media      Sangeet Som's brother held for carrying gun inside polling booth      Modi likes peeping into bathrooms, not doing his job: Rahul Gandhi      Ambassador brand now gets a new owner in Peugeot      Interceptor missile successfully test-fired      17 dead in stampede at Angolan football stadium: police      ISRO to launch record 104 satellites on Feb 15      Trump says considering signing new order on Immigration      Hong Kong subway arson attack injures 18      30 pc votes polled till noon in Uttar Pradesh      Teacher 'pulls down nursery kids' underwear in classroom'      New IIMB director 'Rail Raghu' is transport, infrastructure expert      BBMP burdened with tonnes of waste-derived fuel      Bengaluru's first delivery girl flies with wings of fire      Australian police on hunt for Prabha's killer hit dead-end      HC seeks report on 'hostage' MLAs      Trump loses bid to restore travel ban      G Raghuram named IIMB director      Passenger opens plane's escape exit      Big-ticket Oracle, L&T projects get govt okay      PMO orders crackdown on deviant shell companies      Probe reveals I-T officer helped wife of scamster      SC not to hear plea on Sasikala's swearing-in      Centre hopeful of resolving H-1B visa row      Cong wary of meddling in Tamil Nadu affairs      HC allows wife of BSF jawan to meet him      All eyes on Jat, Muslim voters      Case of survival for RLD      Mulayam to address first rally today      PM invokes saint to woo farmers, Dalits      Rajnath defends Modi's remark on Manmohan      US policy review casts shadow on prospective fighter deal with India      Six-nation meet to discuss Afghan issue      Budgetary outlay for Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan falls short      SC rejects claims of man over sister's property      Rao appears to be waiting for SC judgement on Sasikala case      After 5 decades, Chinese soldier who crossed over to fly back      Wait for CM in TN gets longer      Sasikala's bid to capture power a daydream: Panneerselvam      No comeback plans, have right to question as shareholders: Pai      BSF jawan's Facebook accounts under scanner for 'Pak friends'      Need for maximum oppn unity, note ban a diversion: Nitish      I have expelled Sasikala, says Panneerselvam faction leader      Infy investor reposes faith in Sikka leadership      Be wary of families which looted UP,country: Modi to UP voters      More women in leadership would make world safer: Dalai Lama      SC declines urgent hearing on plea to promote national anthem      MLAs in Sasikala camp dismiss allegations of their detention      King Kohli climbs 'The Wall', eclipses 'The Don'      Sena hails development works of Congress since Independence      ISIS continues to recruit from Af-Pak border region: UN report      Jaya's soul will not forgive Panneerselvam: AIADMK      Row over food: HC allows wife of BSF jawan to meet him      Kohli doubles India's delight      SC declines urgent hearing on PIL against Sasikala      Trump agrees to honour 'One China' policy in call with Xi      Lockheed says U.S. may take 'fresh look' at its India F-16 plan      US federal court declines to reinstate Trump's travel ban     Next Story Mistry voted out as Tata Sons' director Read more >> You are here: Home » Business » Govt not sure on concessions to Apple Govt not sure on concessions to Apple New Delhi, Feb 7, 2017, DHNS Days after Apple announced it would set up a manufacturing unit in Bengaluru, the government on Monday said that there was no decision yet on certain ‘exceptional concessions’ sought by the company. This was revealed at a post-Budget press conference held by Commerce and Industry Minister Nirmala Sitharaman. To a query on Revenue Secretary Hasmukh Adhia’s remark that concessions sought by the iPhone manufacturer will not fit into the proposed GST regime, she said, “What he (Adhia) added was that when GST comes, it will be difficult to accommodate any exceptional demand.” Secretary in the Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion (DIPP) Ramesh Abhishek said that his department has moved the requests made by Apple to concerned ministries and departments including the Department of Revenue, but they were yet to discuss the same. “We had a meeting of all the concerned ministries and departments (on demands made by Apple), and we have asked them to look at those issues and take a view. No ministry has yet taken a final decision on any of those. But we are in touch with them,” he said. Abhishek said the government supported all manufacturing, including high-value manufacturing by companies in the country. “We are coordinating response from all the concerned ministries, but no final view has been taken yet on any of those,” he said. He, however, said the government does not take any policy decision for a particular company. “Decision is taken for everyone. So no company-specific decision can be taken,” he said. Among other things, Apple has demanded a 15-year custom duty exemption on manufacturing and raw materials, components and capital equipment for smartphone manufacturing in India.   Tweet Go to Top Videos Wall Street surges to record highs Trade deficit falls as exports raise Africa mining sector meets amid commodity price comeback 1972 Triumph Bonneville Custom Built by Analog Motorcycles Walkaround Part II Economy not in good shape: Manmohan Samsung blames batteries for exploding smartphones BSE organizes Bull Run 2017 on Sunday morning South Korea court rejects arrest warrant for Samsung heir China's Xi: globalisation not to blame Videos Meet Shawna Pandya: 3rd Indian-origin woman to... 'No roads no votes' posters surface in... Caught on camera: Govt. employee shot dead... Menthya Gojju Pudi (Methi Gravy powder) Subscribe - Deccan Herald's YouTube channel more videos Most popular stories now Commented Emailed Viewed 1.Should learn from Dr. Singh how to bathe in bathroom wearing a raincoat: Modi 2.Kejriwal to undergo treatment in Bengaluru for high blood sugar 3.PM remarks unheard of in parl democracy,he must apologise:Cong 4.Modi's raincoat jibe on Manmohan extremely demeaning: Vadra 5.Sasikala to become Tamil Nadu CM 1.Ford to invest $1 bn in artificial intelligence startup 2.500-kg Egyptian Woman reaches Mumbai for weight loss treatment 3.Why mosquitoes are attracted to people with malaria decoded 4.'Almonds may boost cardiovascular health in diabetic Indians' 5.Bubbling with stories 1. King Kohli climbs 'The Wall', eclipses 'The Don' 2. Italian woman donates Rs 28 lakh gold crown to Saibaba 3. Kohli doubles India's delight 4. SC declines urgent hearing on PIL against Sasikala 5. Passenger opens plane's emergency chute at Mumbai airport, 1 hurt Photo Gallery A boy spreads red chillies to dry at a farm on the outskirts of Ahmedabad... World's tallest sand castle on Puri beach created by Sand artist Sudarshan Pattnaik ... A view of snow covered mountains after heavy snowfall in Shimla... The Sunsets in the backdrop of parked IAF helicopters after a rehearsal ahead of AERO INDIA ... Ajinkya Rahane plays a shot in a match against Bangladesh... Virat Kohli celebrates his 200 runs during the test match against Bangladesh... Vijay Goyal with AIFF President Praful Patel during the launch of logo for U-17 FIFA world cup ... A bird quenches its thirst with the water dripping out of a water tap in Kolkata... Protesters throw stones on security forces during restrictions in Srinagar... IAF's aerobatic team 'Sarang' performs during a rehersal ahead of AERO INDIA 2017... more Like us on Facebook About Us | News | Business | Sports | Supplements | Contact Us | Subscribe | Privacy Policy Copyright 2017, The Printers (Mysore) Private Ltd., 75, M.G Road, Post Box 5331, Bengaluru - 560001 Tel: +91 (80) 25880000 Fax No. +91 (80) 25880523
Just In 35mins Former judge who banned Jallikattu moves SC against Madras HC notice 1hr Sasikala urges Governor to 'act soon' 2hrs Bangladesh struggle to reach 125 for 4 at lunch 3hrs Interceptor missile successfully test-fired 3hrs Trump, Abe pledge to strengthen U.S.—Japan relationship 4hrs Two MPs extend support to OPS 4hrs South Africa reclaims No.1 ranking in ODIs 5hrs Scanty voting so far in first phase of UP polls 6hrs Considering signing new order on immigration: Trump Not forced to stay at resort: AIADMK MLAs First phase of polling in U.P. today Erdogan approves referendum on reforms Swamy gets 2 weeks to prove ‘Chidambaram flouted law’ Save U.P. from the two families, Modi tells voters AIADMK power struggle: Movers and shakers CLOSE THIS MENU TRENDING TODAY Chennai Hyderabad Bengaluru Videos Entertainment Today's Paper ePaper News National International Elections Goa 2017 Uttar Pradesh 2017 Uttarakhand 2017 Punjab 2017 Manipur 2017 Business Agri-Business Industry Economy Markets Budget States Andhra Pradesh Karnataka Kerala Tamil Nadu Telangana Other States Cities Bengaluru Chennai Coimbatore Delhi Hyderabad Kochi Kolkata Mumbai Kozhikode Madurai Mangaluru Puducherry Thiruvananthapuram Tiruchirapalli Vijayawada Visakhapatnam Opinion Editorial Lead Comment Columns Interview Cartoon Open Page Readers' Editor Letters Sport Athletics Cricket Football Hockey Motorsport Other Sports Races Tennis Entertainment Art Dance Movies Music Reviews Theatre Society Faith History & Culture Books Reviews Authors Children Life & Style Fashion Fitness Food Motoring Travel Homes and gardens Technology Gadgets Internet Sci-Tech Agriculture Environment Health Education Careers Colleges Schools Multimedia Photos Videos Podcast Data Specials Crossword Resources Tags thREAD Archive Classifieds eBooks Subscribe Social About Us CONNECT WITH US CLOSE THIS MENU Home News National International States Cities Opinion Cartoon Columns Editorial Interview Lead Readers' Editor Comment Open Page Letters Business Agri-Business Industry Economy Markets Budget Stock Quotes Sport Cricket Football Hockey Tennis Athletics Motorsport Races Other Sports Entertainment Art Dance Movies Music Reviews Theatre Life & Style Fashion Fitness Food Motoring Travel Homes and gardens Society Faith History & Culture Books Reviews Authors Sci-Tech Science Technology Health Agriculture Environment Gadgets Internet Elections Goa 2017 Uttar Pradesh 2017 Uttarakhand 2017 Punjab 2017 Manipur 2017 Tech giants at the forefront of legal resistance Share On JUST IN 35mins Former judge who banned Jallikattu moves SC against Madras HC notice 1hr Sasikala urges Governor to 'act soon' 2hrs Bangladesh struggle to reach 125 for 4 at lunch 3hrs Interceptor missile successfully test-fired 3hrs Trump, Abe pledge to strengthen U.S.—Japan relationship 4hrs Two MPs extend support to OPS 4hrs South Africa reclaims No.1 ranking in ODIs 5hrs Scanty voting so far in first phase of UP polls 6hrs Considering signing new order on immigration: Trump Not forced to stay at resort: AIADMK MLAs First phase of polling in U.P. today Erdogan approves referendum on reforms Swamy gets 2 weeks to prove ‘Chidambaram flouted law’ Save U.P. from the two families, Modi tells voters AIADMK power struggle: Movers and shakers CLOSE News National International States Cities Chennai oil spill News International International Tech giants at the forefront of legal resistance VARGHESE K. GEORGE February 06, 2017 12:32 IST Updated: February 07, 2017 00:06 IST Share Article PRINT A A A Iranian student visa holder Sara Yarjani, who was sent back to Vienna last week after U.S. President Donald Trump's travel ban, talks with reporters after arriving at Los Angeles International Airport on Sunday.   | Photo Credit: Reuters VARGHESE K. GEORGE February 06, 2017 12:32 IST Updated: February 07, 2017 00:06 IST more-in 97 top companies, including Apple and Google, file motion in appeals court, calling the executive order harmful and discriminatory. Ninety-seven technology companies, including Apple, Microsoft and Google have joined the legal battle against the Donald Trump administration’s ban on travellers and refugees from seven Muslim-majority countries, now suspended by a federal court. Thousands of people from these countries with valid U.S. visas are trying to reach the country even as the the suspension of the travel ban is in effect. A U.S. federal appeals court is set to give an order this week, while the federal judge in Washington State who temporarily suspended the ban will also consider fresh arguments, both by the State that is opposed to the ban and the Trump administration, on Monday before its final order. Coordinated resistance A filing by the technology companies in the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 9th Circuit in California — which will also hear the challenge to the Washington order — showed a coordinated resistance. The appeals court had refused to reinstate the ban on Sunday, turning down a plea by the administration. These companies submitted that “American innovation and economic growth are intimately tied to immigration and …the executive order harms the competitiveness of U.S. companies.” They said the executive order was unlawful as it “discriminates on the basis of nationality” and “exercises discretion arbitrarily”. Meanwhile, Mr. Trump on Sunday accused the Washington judge of opening the country to terrorists, mounting a public campaign against the judiciary and stirring up public support for his executive decision. “The judge opens up our country to potential terrorists and others that do not have our best interests at heart. Bad people are very happy,” he said. He had earlier called the Washington judge a “so-called judge”, a remark that drew widespread criticism from all quarters including some Republican Senators, but Vice-President Mike Pence supported the President. The travel ban, like Mr. Trump’s other measures, has polarised the American electorate, according to opinion polls. While there has been a groundswell of resistance in coastal America, Trump supporters in the middle States are unfazed. Many of them appear to be supportive of the President’s move, according to media reports. At least 2,50,000 Muslims are estimated to be working in the Silicon Valley tech and many of them are from the seven countries direcrly affected by the travel ban. Post a Comment More In Newsletter International USA Related Articles << Previous Story Trump slams judge for halting travel ban, warns of peril Next Story >> Swirling spirals spotted at the north pole of Mars Please Wait while comments are loading... Comments will be moderated by The Hindu editorial team. Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published. Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters, or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text. (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and'). We may remove hyperlinks within comments. Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection. Printable version | Feb 11, 2017 2:47:15 PM | http://www.thehindu.com/news/international/Tech-giants-at-the-forefront-of-legal-resistance/article17201274.ece © The Hindu Trump’s Israel ambassador pick hopes to shift embassy to Jerusalem In March, at the annual conference of the American Israel Public Affairs Committee (AIPAC) Mr. Trump had promised to shift the embassy to Jerusalem. Varghese K George Ushering in 2017 Enthusiastic welcome to the New Year from India and around the world. Top Picks in The Hindu today AIADMK power struggle: Movers and shakers City welcomes Eman, world's heaviest woman at 500 kgs Why confidence is a stupid thing and ignorance is bliss Jayalalithaa vs Janaki: The last succession battle Shatabdi trains show off the colours of ability New Zealanders race to save stranded pilot whales Jolly LLB 2: The fun is in the detail Rings: Circle of strife King Kohli climbs ‘The Wall’, eclipses ‘The Don’ Couple delay flight with hoax bomb call to make it to their engagement Close X Next Story >> Swirling spirals spotted at the north pole of Mars Home News Opinion Business Sport Entertainment Life & Style Society Books Sci-Tech Elections THE SITE About Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contacts Archive Subscribe GROUP SITES The Hindu தி இந்து Business Line BL on Campus Sportstarlive Frontline The Hindu Centre RoofandFloor STEP Publications eBooks Images Classifieds Send your feedback to: web.thehindu@thehindu.co.inCopyright© 2016, The Hindu
E-BUSINESS | TECHNOLOGY | CRM | LINUX | ECTNEWS.COM Welcome Guest | Sign In Tech Buzz Computing Applications Data Management Hardware Chips Personal Computers Servers Operating Systems Internet Internet of Things Online Entertainment Search Tech Social Networking Web Apps IT Developers IT Leadership Network Management Mobile Tech Mobile Apps Smartphones Tablets Wearable Tech Wireless Networking Reviews Security Cybersecurity Hacking Malware Privacy Technology Audio/Video Emerging Tech Virtual Reality Gaming Home Tech How-To Photography Science Health Space Tech Buzz Tech Law Transportation Tech Blog  Reader Services  Account Management Discussion News Alerts Newsletters Reader Surveys RSS / Headline Feeds Search ECT News Network ECT News Network Map CRM Buyer Site Map E-Commerce Times Site Map LinuxInsider Site Map TechNewsWorld Site Map February 11, 2017 01:17:17 AM PST TechNewsWorld > Tech Buzz | Next Article in Tech Buzz OPINION Was Apple's Outstanding Q1 a Fluke? Print Email By Rob Enderle Feb 6, 2017 10:22 AM PT You dont need an army of developers to create segmented & personalized email campaigns. Klaviyo's advanced features  like automation, AB testing, auto reminders, abandoned cart flows, analytics & more - are designed to drive results. Sign up Free. Apple had a good quarter, but if you look under the numbers there is a ton of trouble. It just dropped behind Google in brand value, and some analysts have predicted valuation will crater in a few months. The iPhone 7 did well, but that shouldn't be a surprise, given that its biggest competitor, Samsung, saw its phone literally go up in flames last quarter. The Galaxy 8 is coming, though -- maybe sooner than anyone expects -- and it looks really impressive. This suggests Apple's one-up quarter is not repeatable, unless Samsung decides burning phones is a feature. (Just think of the marshmallows you could roast right in your car! Or "the Samsung S8 Burns Faster, Better, Hotter!") Apple has moved aggressively to get suppliers to cut costs -- even going to court in an effort to move some of Qualcomm's profit to its own bottom line (this rarely ends well). Apple apparently hit a wall on top line growth, even though it is threatening to raise prices. (Good luck with that, because raising prices in a very competitive market ALWAYS ends well.) Looking back, the Steve Jobs cycle really worked only once. It may not be Tim Cook's fault it is failing -- maybe working once was all it could do. I'll explain and then close with my product of the week: the Microsoft Surface Book 2, the halo product in the tablet family that is going up as the traditional iPad goes down. The Apple Cycle The Apple product cycle was an amazing thing to watch -- not least because it showcased how folks could have, but didn't, compete with the once unbeatable iPod. When the iPod was at its peak, Sony, Samsung, Dell -- and even Microsoft, with the Zune -- tried to make a dent in its sales, but they bounced off the product like it was made of diamonds. The only product that even worried Steve Jobs was a prototype from HP, and he was able to trick HP's then CEO Carly Fiorina into licensing the iPod instead. Then he really took advantage of her. Imagine how different history would have been for both HP and Carly if, instead of being screwed by Apple, HP had been the only company to displace the iPod. Maybe Fiorina, not Jobs, would have been CEO of the decade. (OK, I doubt it too.) As it happened, Jobs saw that the real risk to the iPod was the emergence of smartphones that could do what the iPod did better. Instead of defending the iPod, he did what Microsoft and Palm should have done, leading Apple to create the best MP3/phone bundle. That was particularly embarrassing for Microsoft's Steve Ballmer, because he'd disagreed with his internal team, which had wanted to do the same thing instead of creating the Zune. Ballmer wasn't alone, however. Palm's then CEO also killed a similar effort, saying something like "smartphones are just for business." There is some irony in HP buying Palm and then burning it to the ground, given its iPod mistake. The iPod became the iPhone -- an even bigger hit -- and suddenly we had what looked like an amazingly powerful cycle, which worked pretty well for a decade. When the Apple Cycle Broke That successful cycle broke with the iPad. You see, the iPhone was an iPod-plus, so the next product in the cycle should have built on the iPhone -- but it didn't. The iPad is built on the iPod -- it basically is an iPod with a bigger screen. The iPhone already had made the iPod redundant, and the iPhone's screen eventually grew, so instead of the iPad being an extension of the iPod, the iPhone became an extension of both. Instead of the iPad expanding the market like the iPhone did, it peaked and then went into an impressive nosedive. Granted, the iPad Pro, which is sort of trying to be a blend of the iPad and MacBook, is having some success -- but largely as a result of Microsoft's Surface efforts. It arguably is doing a better job of slipstreaming the Surface than Zune did the iPod, but a huge hit it isn't. Then the Apple Watch came along, breaking Apple's naming convention. It basically is a small iPod touch with limitations in screen size, features and platform compatibility. The iPod worked with Windows and the MacOS; the Apple Watch should work with Android as well as iOS but doesn't. As a result, the Apple Watch is a crippled wearable iPod, and there should be no surprise it isn't selling that well, even though it is considered one of the best smartwatches in the segment. Wrapping Up: One-Trick Wonder What all of this means is that Steve Jobs really only got this right once. Granted, he was increasingly sick after the iPhone and was gone for the Apple Watch, so he might have figured it out had he been alive and well. This makes me wonder if it even would be possible to extend the iPhone further. Could you create an iWonder product that would expand the smartphone to embrace the PC, for instance? That is what Microsoft imagined with Continuum -- the idea that a smartphone truly could become a PC -- and what makes this ironic is that once again, it didn't execute on what might have been a true iPhone replacement. If Jobs were around, I'd bet that's where he would go. What then would be the next step? Maybe some kind of Hololens-like product that could eliminate virtually everything else in its final form? I wonder who is going to get that right? The most memorable launch of this decade, for me, was the Surface Book. That's because it was introduced as a laptop computer -- and to look at it, it is hard to tell the screen becomes a tablet. With a flourish and the release of an electronic latch, the presenter mirrored what Jobs used to do with his "one more thing" surprise, and I haven't seen people get so excited about a PC since the 90s. I carried the Surface Book for months, and I had just one major complaint -- that it couldn't play any decent games. When you travel as much as I do, there is a lot of down time in airports or between meetings when time just drags. It's even worse on long flights, when you can't even move for hours. I do read a lot, but the way I can burn through hours is with video games. The typical trade-off is that you either get a notebook that is thin and light with good battery life, or you get one that is heavy and thick with lousy battery life, but that plays games. Games don't pay the bills for me, though. What is amazing about the Surface Book 2 is that it significantly ups the graphics performance and increases battery life by a third -- from 12 to 16 hours -- while adding only one-third of a pound of weight. Surface Book With Performance Base Granted, you still aren't at gaming laptop speeds, but this one now runs my current favorite game, Ashes of the Singularity, while the old one wouldn't. The Surface Book has never been a cheap date. It costs around US$2K for the sweet spot configuration of an i7 and 256M SSD drive, but the Surface Book 2 adds only $400 for a far more capable product with the same options. It has a couple of shortcomings. To get it out before Christmas, Microsoft had to miss Intel's latest Kaby Lake processor. Also, it doesn't have USB-C ports -- just the older USB 3.0 configuration. Still, given that most of what I have is still USB 3.0-compatible and that Kaby Lake was a minor upgrade, neither has been a problem. Carrying the Surface Book is like carrying art. To my eye, it is arguably the best-looking laptop in the market. It can transform into a very attractive tablet that I rarely use -- but most important, it will play games! As a result, the Surface Book 2 is my new carry box and my product of the week. It is a pretty thing. Rob Enderle is a TechNewsWorld columnist and the principal analyst for the Enderle Group, a consultancy that focuses on personal technology products and trends. You can connect with him on Google+. Get Permission to License or Reproduce this Article Print Email Reprints More by Rob Enderle Reader Comments Join the discussion! Re: Was Apple's Outstanding Q1 a Fluke? scarshiPosted 2017-02-08 The only real thing that compels to Apple is its branding. Everyone knows the "i" series of tech. It's all the same really, just with different size screens. The only problem facing Apple is that nothing has changed much since the invention of mp3 and mp4. Digital data is mainstream. Everyone has it and uses it, even without knowing what or how. For me, I'd always rather have an Android phone and an iPad. Not because I favour any particular one, but because I get the best of both worlds. I know how to use my phone widgets and keep it locked. Everyone else knows how to use my iPad. Both don't sync with each other, so no one messes with my phone by accident. Simple. Reply Re: Was Apple's Outstanding Q1 a Fluke? imthemobileguruPosted 2017-02-06 I didn't see the, "Opinion" until I read it and started asking myself, "What the hell is this?" And went up to read it again...just to make sure I didn't have an aneurysm and just made up something in my head. Reply Re: Was Apple's Outstanding Q1 a Fluke? jescott418Posted 2017-02-06 The question is if indeed Apple had a good iPhone quarter is will this take away buyers from the next iPhone release? The other question somewhat ignored is the flat line predicted for Mac sales going forward. Plus the decline in iPad sales, and the fact that Apple has now basically pegged all its positives on the iPhone, the app store, and iPhone accessories. Apple fans can argue all day long this is not happening but it is. Apple has become a one hit wonder and the rest of its product line like Mac's, Apple Watch, iPad, iPod, and so on are floundering. Plenty of people who ere once really positive on Apple are asking serious questions about their sustainability going forward. Reply Re: Was Apple's Outstanding Q1 a Fluke? gumdiggersPosted 2017-02-06 As soon as I started reading this article I thought, this is Rob Enderle's work. Scroll to the bottom, sure enough. No point reading any more. It's just another anti Apple rant by someone whose pet hate keeps upsetting his previous dire predictions. By his reconning Apple should just roll over and give up producing world class products that millions of deluded customers keep spending their own money on. Might as well subscribe to the Microsoft and Google newsletters as very soon Apple will be toast. Soon, very soon, just about now, maybe ? Time to unsubscribe before he really lets his Apple hating, biased opinions get to me. Cheers and goodbye Rob. I'll put my faith in Apple over you any day. Reply Related Stories Apple Goes on Record-Breaking Spree Feb 1, 2017 Apple's Great App Store Sales May Not Signify Much Jan 6, 2017 Fitbit May Pick Up Pebble Dec 5, 2016 News Alerts Google Activate Alert | Search Archives Samsung Activate Alert | Search Archives Dell Activate Alert | Search Archives Palm Activate Alert | Search Archives Apple Watch Activate Alert | Search Archives Android Activate Alert | Search Archives Create Your Own News Alerts More in Tech Buzz Tech Industry Reacts to Trump's Immigration Order Silicon Valley Up in Arms Over Proposed H-1B Overhaul BlackBerry, Microsoft and the Ever-Smarter Connected Car The US Press Corps vs. Trump: A Teachable Moment Did BuzzFeed Just Commit Suicide? Apple May Show Up Fashionably Late at the Original TV Party Free Newsletters from ECT News Network Don't Miss a Story. Get the Latest Headlines Delivered to Your Inbox. Tech News Flash Daily - View Sample E-Commerce Minute Daily - View Sample ECT News Network Weekly Newsletter - View Sample Editor's Pick - View Sample View All More by Rob Enderle Is Peter Thiel the Most Powerful Person in Tech? What Trump Should Do With Air Force One Isn't Fake News Propaganda? How AI Could End Stupid Thanksgiving Arguments One of the Best New VR Things: Buying a Car Why Trump May Be the Better Technology President Most Popular Newsletters News Alerts How do you find your way around? I rely on Google Maps. I rely on Apple Maps. I use Google but it needs improvement. I use Apple but it needs improvement. I use a different smartphone navigation app. I use my car's built-in navigation system. I use old-school paper maps. Vote to See Results E-Commerce Times Twitter Investors Bail Following Bleak Q4 Can Former Amazon Fire TV Exec Save Apple TV From Itself? Is Salesforce Getting Serious About the Back Office? Silicon Valley Firms Lock Arms Against Trump Immigration Order Snap Seizes the Moment Amazon to Build $1.5B Prime Air Cargo Hub in Kentucky EC to Take a Hard Look at E-Commerce Practices Wireless, Telecom and Pay TV: The Future Is Coming Into Focus CRM Buyer Quip Adds Serious Muscle Winning the Sales Talent War in the Big Data Era Ode to Sprint: Somebody Calls You, You Answer Quite Slowly Does Avaya Have a Post-Chapter 11 Prayer? Calling Facebook Customer Service? Beware of Fraudsters Tech Industry Gets Political Banking Customer Satisfaction Barometer Inches Up Top CRM Blogs of 2016: Countdown, Part 2 ECT News Network on Twitter Tweets about "TechNewsWorld" LinuxInsider SnapRoute Snags $25M With AT&T, Microsoft Backing How Linux Helped Me Become an Empowered Computer User SalentOS Switchers Will Have No Regrets LibreOffice Update Offers Fresh Experience Wine 2.0's New Delights Uncorked Asus Tinker Board Joins Raspberry Pi on the Bargain Table FastComputer: Fussy but Fixable Red Hat's OpenShift Container Platform Expands Cloud Options SPONSOR SHOWCASE Marketers - Fill Your Sales Funnel Instantly Access millions of IT and business decision makers. Our full-service global marketing program delivers sales-ready leads. Learn more. TechNewsWorld Headlines TechNewsWorld Gadget Ogling: Gaming's New Virtual Reality Frontier and Personal Cargo Robots Dozens of iOS Apps Vulnerable to WiFi Snooping Twitter Steps Up Efforts to Silence Trolls Anonymous Hacker Pulls Plug on Thousands of Dark Net Sites Tech Industry Reacts to Trump's Immigration Order Facebook Aims to Carve Out a Spot in the Living Room 3 Teams Qualify for Tube Test in Hyperloop Pod Competition Hackers Targeted DC Police Cams Days Before Inauguration Inside TechNewsWorld Applications Atlassian Scoops Up Trello for $425 Million Evernote Toes the Privacy Line CrateDB Launches Machine Data Innovations Computing Barra Leaves Post as Xiaomi's International Point Man The Old Man and the Tsunami: A Security Story Microsoft Hardens Latest Windows Version Against Hackers Data Management Commerce Dept Signs Up Private Sector IT Partners AvePoint CEO TJ Jiang: Innovation Through Collaboration Social Media Analytics, Meet Big Brother Emerging Tech Facebook Taps Barra to Push VR to the Next Level Luckey Dons Virtual Flak Jacket for Zenimax Testimony Pentagon Battle-Tests Micro Drone Swarm Exclusives Eagle Creek CRM Director Sandeep Kadam: What Today's Customers Want Engagio CEO Jon Miller: How to Land a Whale Radius CEO Darian Shirazi: Solve for Data Decay Hardware Customizing a Computer? Here's What You Need New Raspberry Pi Release Targets Industry, IoT Gadget Ogling: The CES Spectacular Edition Internet of Things The Crystallization of Salesforce's IoT Strategy CES 2017's Magic Norton Core Router Gives Home Security a New Design IT Leadership Clinton Issues Clarion Call to Boost Tech in the US Google's 'Area 120' Incubator Aims to Keep Innovation In-House A Dramatic 16 Years for 4 Tech Titans Mobile Tech Apple Goes on Record-Breaking Spree Trump Clings to Personal Phone Despite Security Risks Personalization, Simplicity Key to Smart Home Device Adoption Science Apple Formally Joins High-Powered AI Partnership St. Jude Medical Patches Cardiac Machine's Cybersecurity Flaw Gadget Ogling: Heightened Hearing, Toasty Toes, and Glass Speakers Spotlight Features Traversing the Social Media Minefield China's Business-Unfriendly Cybersecurity Stance Conspiracy Theories in the Information Age, Part 2 Tech Buzz Silicon Valley Up in Arms Over Proposed H-1B Overhaul BlackBerry, Microsoft and the Ever-Smarter Connected Car The US Press Corps vs. Trump: A Teachable Moment Publications E-Commerce Times TechNewsWorld LinuxInsider CRM Buyer Newsletters E-Commerce Minute Tech News Flash ECT News Network Weekly Editor's Pick Subscribe Reader Services Account Management Discussion Linking Policy Network Map News Alerts RSS / XML Feeds Search ECT News Network Company Info About Advertising Business Development Careers Contact Permissions Reprint Information Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | How To Advertise Copyright 1998-2017 ECT News Network, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
This site uses cookies. By continuing, your consent is assumed. Learn more News... but not as you know it 108m shares News Sport Trending Home Trending News UK World Weird Tech Sport Football Rumour Mill PL Table Oddballs Club Metro Entertainment Showbiz TV Film Music Gaming Celebrity Big Brother Soaps Lifestyle Sex Fashion Food Travel Video More Lifestyle Blogs Students Submit stuff Competitions Jobs Property Search Metro Follow us Apple which never goes brown could hit British shelves after Brexit Jen Mills for Metro.co.ukMonday 6 Feb 2017 6:24 pm Our new snack, post-Brexit? (Picture: Getty/Rex) For decades, farmers have been banned from growing GM crops in the UK. Described by some as ‘frankenfood’, people have worried that messing with the DNA of plants and seeds could have unintended consequences – like accidentally wiping out whole species or creating ‘super weeds’ by cross-pollination. Police want you to adopt the 'Dutch reach' to stop killing cyclists As part of the EU, the UK has strict laws about what GM foods can be sold. But after Brexit, that could all be about to change, with a potential trade deal with the US likely to include relaxing regulations. One of the most famous GM foods on sale across the Atlantic is the Arctic Apple, a green apple like the Granny Smith, which doesn’t go brown. It hit supermarket shelves in America for the first time this month. (Picture: Arctic Apples) The futuristic website for Arctic Apples claims ‘the perfect fruit just got even better’, saying that there’s no need to worry about slices in your fruit salad or for a pie topping turning brown anymore. Teenager jailed for stabbing boy to death in Notting Hill Normal apples release an enzyme called polyphenol oxidase (PPO) when cells are damaged – for example, when bitten or sliced into, which causes the flesh to go brown. To engineer the apples to stay looking pristine, scientists cut out the gene which codes for that enzyme from the DNA so they no longer produce it, although it still biodegrades as normal. As this is such a crowdpleaser (who wouldn’t want a non-browning apple?) some think that it could be the start of making GM crops mainstream, and breaking down the taboo about eating them. At the moment, GM crops are not grown in the UK, but can be imported for biofuel or animal feed. At the end of January, EU governments voted against allowing farmers to grow new strains of GM maize, which would have been the first new GM crops to be licensed since 1998. Many environmental groups oppose the use of GM crops and say we should resist calls to loosen regulations. GM in the UK At the moment GM crops are not grown commercially in the UK, however people are allowed to import: oilseed rape soybean cotton-seed oil maize sugar beet (These are generally biofuel or animal feed.) According to Friends of the Earth, the technology brings ‘unnecessary risks to both humans and nature’ and ‘increase the corporate control of the food chain’ while making it more difficult for people who want to use traditional methods. But with a global population projected to hit 9.7 billion by 2050, many others argue that we need to innovate the way we grow food. GM foods can give food a longer shelf life, a stronger flavour, resistance to pests or to extreme hot or cold. Scientists can also make them better for you, for example with the Golden Rice project, adding Vitamin A to rice to prevent malnutrition. ‘Golden rice’ (pictured right) is enriched with Vitamin A (Picture: Reuters) Last year, more than 100 Nobel prizewinners wrote an open letter to Greenpeace urging them to drop opposition to GM crops as people’s fears are not grounded in science. Have you seen this young bride's stolen wedding dress? ‘There has never been a single confirmed case of a negative health outcome for humans or animals from their consumption,’ they said. The UK government is already considering changes to GM laws after Brexit. In a written answer to parliament last October, agriculture minister George Eustice said that ‘as part of the preparations for EU exit’ the government was looking at ‘possible future arrangements for the regulation of genetically modified organisms’. This could include letting farmers grow GM crops here commercially for the first time – and maybe in future a non-browning apple too. MoreBrexitFoodScience Why is pizza from Domino's so expensive? SponsoredThis Valentine’s Day feast will put any restaurant deal to shame Shadow business secretary quits as Brexit bill reaches final stage Pizza Day: 15 pizzas ranked from worst to best Apparently most of us are cooking rice wrong and it could be harming us There's now an official petition for a bagel emoji MORE: Morrisons’ 25p oysters are the budget aphrodisiac you need this Valentine’s MORE: If you want the best curry in London then you need to head to this Brick Lane curryhouse MORE: Could you finish eating this 2ft-wide fry up breakfast challenge? Comments Must read What's trending nowMore trending stories » Police want you to adopt the 'Dutch reach' to stop killing cyclists Woman flogged until she passed out for having sex out of wedlock Girl, 11, died moments after saving three-year-old cousin's life Petition started to expel student who lit £20 note in front of homeless man Someone's £50,000,000 stash of cocaine has just washed onto Norfolk beachesMore trending stories » YOU ARE HERE: UK › Food Home News Sport Lifestyle Entertainment More Blogs Jobs Search Metro Trending MetroUK @MetroUK © 2017 Associated Newspapers Limited Powered by WordPress.com VIP Your ad choices ContributorsTerms and ConditionsPrivacy PolicySite map Back to top Get us in your feed Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Post to Cancel
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iPad Air 2 iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS Sierra tvOS 10 watchOS 3 Buyer's Guide Forums iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air Apple VR Project iMac iPad Air 2 Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > Apple Seeds Second Beta of tvOS 10.2 to Developers Monday February 6, 2017 10:04 AM PST by Juli Clover Apple today seeded the second beta of an upcoming tvOS 10.2 update to developers for testing purposes, two weeks after seeding the first tvOS 10.2 update and more than two weeks after releasing tvOS 10.1.1, the current release version of tvOS. Designed for the fourth-generation Apple TV, the second tvOS 10.2 beta can be obtained by connecting the Apple TV to a computer with a USB-C to USB-A cable, downloading and installing the software from a registered developer account via iTunes or Apple Configurator. Once a profile is installed, subsequent betas can be downloaded over the air. Given the tricky installation requirements, tvOS betas are limited to developers and will not be provided to the public. According to Apple's release notes, tvOS 10.2 introduces improved scrolling behavior, allowing tvOS users to scroll through large lists of information more quickly. A large swipe on the Siri remote automatically activates the new scrolling mode, and a swipe on the far right side of the remote allows users to navigate specific indexes. It's likely there are other small feature tweaks and bug fixes included in tvOS 10.2, even though additional changes have not been specifically outlined by Apple. We'll update this post should any new content be found in the second tvOS 10.2 beta. Related Roundups: Apple TV, tvOS 10 Buyer's Guide: Apple TV (Don't Buy) 8 comments Top Rated Comments (View all) Macrumorsnazis 4 days ago at 01:48 pm I really don't like that in that latest release, they changed the TV button functionality on the remote to go to the TV app instead of the home screen. Let us have control over this, please! You can change it in Settings. [doublepost=1486417724][/doublepost] Any chance background app refresh will make it onto tvOS? This is overdue & needed. Rating: 2 Votes BeefCake 15 5 days ago at 12:15 pm Any chance background app refresh will make it onto tvOS? Rating: 1 Votes d21mike 5 days ago at 10:40 am This second beta solved a problem I was having with HBO Go created in beta 1. I was unable to navigate the menu bar which goes from top to bottom on the left side of the screen. Works now as normal. Rating: 1 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming iMac Early 2017 Updated models with AMD graphics options expected in early 2017. iPad Pro Early 2017? New ~10.5-inch model with nearly bezel-free design rumored. MacBook Q2 2017 Faster Kaby Lake processors and up to 16 GB of RAM expected in second quarter 2017. iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 Front Page Stories Hands-On With Apple's New BeatsX Earphones 10 hours ago on Front Page Apple's long-awaited BeatsX Earphones became available for purchase this morning, giving Apple customers an alternative to the hard-to-find AirPods. Priced at $149.95, BeatsX Earphones... 60 comments Tim Cook Thinks Augmented Reality is a 'Huge' Idea Like Smartphones 12 hours ago on Front Page Apple CEO Tim Cook has been on a whirlwind of a trip in Europe this week, making stops in France, Germany, and the United Kingdom to meet with everyone from students and developers to Apple retail... 59 comments Apple's Jennifer Bailey Says Customers Are Willing to Switch Banks to Use Apple Pay 14 hours ago on Front Page Apple Pay vice president Jennifer Bailey believes that Apple Pay is valuable enough that "customers will say they are happy to switch banks to use it." Bailey claims Australians are... 153 comments Matte Black iPhone 7 Users Complain About Chipped, Peeling Paint 15 hours ago on Front Page A number of customers who purchased the matte Black iPhone 7 or iPhone 7 Plus have noticed that the anodized finish on their devices has started chipping or peeling off in areas where there has... 237 comments iPhone 8 Said to Feature Iris Scanner to Authenticate With Your Eyes 19 hours ago on Front Page Apple is widely rumored to launch a high-end iPhone with an edge-to-edge OLED display this year, which has been variously called the "iPhone 8" or "iPhone X" to commemorate the... 261 comments BeatsX Earphones Launch on Apple Store for $150 23 hours ago on Front Page Apple today officially launched its much-anticipated BeatsX Earphones on its online store for $149.95, after initially delaying the earphones from Fall 2016 and into February 2017. With the delay... 192 comments Apple Delays Sales of UltraFine 5K Display as LG Works on Shielding Fix 1 day ago on Front Page As LG works on a fix for a Wi-Fi router issue plaguing its UltraFine 27-inch 5K Display, Apple has delayed shipments for the accessory and removed in store pickup options. New orders for the LG... 104 comments iCloud Was Storing Deleted Safari Browser History for Months, but Apple Fixed the Issue 2 days ago on Front Page When clearing Safari browser history, iPhone and iPad users expect all records to be permanently deleted from their devices, but it appears Apple's cross-device browser syncing feature caused... 128 comments • All Three New 2017 iPhones to Feature Wireless Charging (298) • 12.9-Inch iPad Pro in Short Supply Ahead of Rumored March Update (96) • The 2017 iPhone Could Cost Upwards of $1,000 (658) • Google Debuts Android Wear 2.0 Alongside Two New LG Smart Watches (106) • T-Mobile and Verizon Are Basically Tied in Network Speeds and So-Called 'Availability' (169) • Apple Hires Amazon Fire TV Head to Spearhead Apple TV Business (86) • Tim Cook Visits 'Kitchen Stories' Developers and Furniture Maker Dula on German Trip (50)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Husain Sumra Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade Winding the Clocks Back to 'Pocket God' - The TouchArcade Show #294 TouchArcade Needs Your Help - Tell Your Friends and Support Our Patreon TouchArcade Game of the Week: 'Postknight' 'Gravity Galaxy' Looks Like a Fun Orbital Action-Puzzle Game 'Wobblers' Is a Unique High Score Chaser From the Developer of 'Down the Mountain' 'Feudal Feud' Is a Promising Multiplayer Diplomacy/Conquest Game AppShopper Apple Announces New iPhone 6s with 3D Touch Apple Announces iPad Pro with 12.9-inch Retina Display Apple Announces iOS 9, Bringing Split-Screen Multi-tasking to iPad Apple Announces Mac OS X 10.11 'El Capitan' Apple Watch Pre-Orders to Open on April 10, Available Starting on April 24 Apple Announces New 12-inch MacBook with Retina Display Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iPad Air 2 iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS Sierra tvOS 10 watchOS 3 Buyer's Guide Forums iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air Apple VR Project iMac iPad Air 2 Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > Apple Seeds Second Beta of watchOS 3.2 to Developers Monday February 6, 2017 10:05 AM PST by Juli Clover Apple today seeded the second beta of an upcoming watchOS 3.2 update to developers for testing purposes, one week after seeding the first watchOS 3.2 beta and two weeks after the release of watchOS 3.1.3, the current public version of the operating system. The watchOS 3.2 beta can be downloaded through the dedicated Apple Watch app on the iPhone by going to General --> Software Update after installing the proper configuration profile on the iPhone. To install the update, the Apple Watch must have 50 percent battery, it must be placed on the charger, and it must be in range of the iPhone. Subscribe to the MacRumors YouTube channel for more videos. watchOS 3.2 requires an iPhone running iOS 10 to install and will only be available to developers. Apple does not make watchOS betas available to the public as there is no way to downgrade the software on an Apple Watch. watchOS 3.2 includes a "Theater Mode" designed to let customers quickly mute the sound on the Apple Watch and disable Raise to Wake, preventing the screen from lighting up with arm movement. Theater Mode, originally introduced in watchOS 3.1.3, is being made available in watchOS 3.2. Customers are still able to receive haptic feedback-based notifications, and information can be viewed by either tapping the screen or pressing down on the Digital Crown. watchOS 3.2 also brings SiriKit to the Apple Watch, allowing customers to ask Siri to do things like send messages, send payments, book a ride, log a workout, make a call, or search through photos. SiriKit has been available on iOS devices since the release of iOS 10, but is new to the Apple Watch. Related Roundups: Apple Watch Series 2, watchOS 3 Buyer's Guide: Apple Watch (Neutral) 21 comments Top Rated Comments (View all) Relentless Power 5 days ago at 11:49 am Watch OS is only going to get better and better. This is an undermined statement. And you're correct. It will and it has every step of the way. Even the first generation Apple Watch has increased in speed and battery management. I do think Apple needs to be more cautious when releasing these OS updates, to ensure they are ready for the public release and not have the bricking issues they did with OS 3.1.2. Rating: 3 Votes MrGimper 5 days ago at 10:53 am I had a bug closed as a duplicate, where in the UK theatre mode is referred to as both cinema mode and theatre mode in the UI. Hopefully this is fixed. [doublepost=1486410238][/doublepost]Excellent, so 2 of my requests have been fulfilled.... the terminology "Cinema Mode" is now used consistently throughout the UI, and my request to move the Cinema Mode icon down in Control Centre so that the water lock is back where it originally was. :) Rating: 1 Votes Relentless Power 5 days ago at 12:59 pm Weren't the majority of bricking issues where people were just impatient and removed their device from the charger and rebooted? There is always some who fail to follow simple directions. That said, other forum members reported Series 2 was the primary device bricking to an issue with the GPS. From my readings, it appeared Series 2 was the main device being victim to the 3.1.2 bricking. Rating: 1 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming iMac Early 2017 Updated models with AMD graphics options expected in early 2017. iPad Pro Early 2017? New ~10.5-inch model with nearly bezel-free design rumored. MacBook Q2 2017 Faster Kaby Lake processors and up to 16 GB of RAM expected in second quarter 2017. iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 Front Page Stories Hands-On With Apple's New BeatsX Earphones 10 hours ago on Front Page Apple's long-awaited BeatsX Earphones became available for purchase this morning, giving Apple customers an alternative to the hard-to-find AirPods. Priced at $149.95, BeatsX Earphones... 60 comments Tim Cook Thinks Augmented Reality is a 'Huge' Idea Like Smartphones 12 hours ago on Front Page Apple CEO Tim Cook has been on a whirlwind of a trip in Europe this week, making stops in France, Germany, and the United Kingdom to meet with everyone from students and developers to Apple retail... 59 comments Apple's Jennifer Bailey Says Customers Are Willing to Switch Banks to Use Apple Pay 14 hours ago on Front Page Apple Pay vice president Jennifer Bailey believes that Apple Pay is valuable enough that "customers will say they are happy to switch banks to use it." Bailey claims Australians are... 153 comments Matte Black iPhone 7 Users Complain About Chipped, Peeling Paint 15 hours ago on Front Page A number of customers who purchased the matte Black iPhone 7 or iPhone 7 Plus have noticed that the anodized finish on their devices has started chipping or peeling off in areas where there has... 237 comments iPhone 8 Said to Feature Iris Scanner to Authenticate With Your Eyes 19 hours ago on Front Page Apple is widely rumored to launch a high-end iPhone with an edge-to-edge OLED display this year, which has been variously called the "iPhone 8" or "iPhone X" to commemorate the... 261 comments BeatsX Earphones Launch on Apple Store for $150 23 hours ago on Front Page Apple today officially launched its much-anticipated BeatsX Earphones on its online store for $149.95, after initially delaying the earphones from Fall 2016 and into February 2017. With the delay... 192 comments Apple Delays Sales of UltraFine 5K Display as LG Works on Shielding Fix 1 day ago on Front Page As LG works on a fix for a Wi-Fi router issue plaguing its UltraFine 27-inch 5K Display, Apple has delayed shipments for the accessory and removed in store pickup options. New orders for the LG... 104 comments iCloud Was Storing Deleted Safari Browser History for Months, but Apple Fixed the Issue 2 days ago on Front Page When clearing Safari browser history, iPhone and iPad users expect all records to be permanently deleted from their devices, but it appears Apple's cross-device browser syncing feature caused... 128 comments • All Three New 2017 iPhones to Feature Wireless Charging (298) • 12.9-Inch iPad Pro in Short Supply Ahead of Rumored March Update (96) • The 2017 iPhone Could Cost Upwards of $1,000 (658) • Google Debuts Android Wear 2.0 Alongside Two New LG Smart Watches (106) • T-Mobile and Verizon Are Basically Tied in Network Speeds and So-Called 'Availability' (169) • Apple Hires Amazon Fire TV Head to Spearhead Apple TV Business (86) • Tim Cook Visits 'Kitchen Stories' Developers and Furniture Maker Dula on German Trip (50)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Husain Sumra Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade Winding the Clocks Back to 'Pocket God' - The TouchArcade Show #294 TouchArcade Needs Your Help - Tell Your Friends and Support Our Patreon TouchArcade Game of the Week: 'Postknight' 'Gravity Galaxy' Looks Like a Fun Orbital Action-Puzzle Game 'Wobblers' Is a Unique High Score Chaser From the Developer of 'Down the Mountain' 'Feudal Feud' Is a Promising Multiplayer Diplomacy/Conquest Game AppShopper Apple Announces New iPhone 6s with 3D Touch Apple Announces iPad Pro with 12.9-inch Retina Display Apple Announces iOS 9, Bringing Split-Screen Multi-tasking to iPad Apple Announces Mac OS X 10.11 'El Capitan' Apple Watch Pre-Orders to Open on April 10, Available Starting on April 24 Apple Announces New 12-inch MacBook with Retina Display Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iPad Air 2 iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS Sierra tvOS 10 watchOS 3 Buyer's Guide Forums iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air Apple VR Project iMac iPad Air 2 Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > New in OS X: Get MacRumors Push Notifications on your Mac Resubscribe Now Close Subscribe to the MacRumors Newsletter Apple Launches 'Back to Uni' Promotion in Australia and New Zealand, Offers Up to $100 Apple Store Gift Card Monday February 6, 2017 9:48 am PST by Joe Rossignol Apple today launched its annual "Back to Uni" promotion in Australia and New Zealand, offering students and select other educational employees a $70 to $100 Apple Store gift card with the purchase of a qualifying new Mac or iPad Pro. Apple is offering a A$100 or NZ$105 Apple Store gift card with the purchase of a new Mac, including the iMac, Mac Pro, MacBook, MacBook Pro, MacBook Air, and built-to-order versions of those models. Refurbished models and the lower-cost Mac mini do not qualify for the offer per usual. Meanwhile, students and teachers who purchase any new iPad Pro model will receive a A$70 or NZ$75 Apple Store gift card. In Australia, the promotion is available to full-time or part-time students aged 18 or over studying at an accredited Australian university or other Apple-approved institution. Lecturers and staff members at accredited Australian universities or Apple-approved educational institutions are also eligible. In New Zealand, the promotion is available to students attending or accepted into a higher education institution, faculty members and staff members of higher education institutions, any employee of a public or private K–12 institution, and parents purchasing on behalf of a current or accepted student. The promotion runs between February 7 and March 17 in both countries on Apple's website and at Apple Stores in Australia. Eligible customers can also call 133-622 in Australia or 0800-692-7753 in New Zealand. The promotion can be combined with Apple's standard educational pricing discounts. Apple today also launched a similar promotion in Japan, offering students an ¥8,500 Apple Store gift card with the purchase of a new Mac and ¥5,500 Apple Store gift card with the purchase of any new iPad Pro. Tags: Australia, New Zealand, Japan, Back to School promotion [ 14 comments ] Top Rated Comments (View all) WestonHarvey1 3 days ago at 03:03 pm Its so incredibly annoying how Australians end everything with EE sound. Uni, Sunnies, ugh... Who pissed in your brekkie this morning? Rating: 2 Votes appleofmyibook 5 days ago at 12:02 pm no one really cares about the down under LOL Only Apple does seeing as though they enjoy having one of the highest sell through rates of iPhone, iPad and Mac here than in many of their other markets including the US where people whinge about a $9 product. :) Rating: 1 Votes appleofmyibook 4 days ago at 02:15 pm It runs from late Jan for K-12 students and end of Feb for uni students. Start of the calendar year is also the start of the school year. Our end of Summer. Rating: 1 Votes hellopupy 4 days ago at 04:05 pm Its so incredibly annoying how Australians end everything with EE sound. Uni, Sunnies, ugh... Rating: 1 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming iMac Early 2017 Updated models with AMD graphics options expected in early 2017. iPad Pro Early 2017? New ~10.5-inch model with nearly bezel-free design rumored. MacBook Q2 2017 Faster Kaby Lake processors and up to 16 GB of RAM expected in second quarter 2017. iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 More Blog Stories Sprint Offering Unlimited Data on Five Smartphones for $90 Per Month for a Limited Time 6 hours ago on iOS Blog Sprint today introduced a limited time promotion that offers new customers—existing customers do not qualify—unlimited talk, text, and data for $50 per month for the first line, $40 per month... 10 comments Instapaper Back Online After 31-Hour Outage, Full Content Restore Will Take a Week 18 hours ago on iOS Blog Popular bookmarking service Instapaper faced an extended outage this week, beginning at 12:30PM PT on February 8th and remaining offline for 31 hours. Although the service is now back online, users... 7 comments Tim Cook Describes Fake News as 'One of Today's Chief Problems' 20 hours ago on iOS Blog As Apple CEO Tim Cook continues to make his rounds in Europe, Good Morning Britain managed to catch him for a quick interview while he was visiting Woodberry Down Primary School yesterday. Regarding... 142 comments WhatsApp Rolling Out Two-Step Verification Security Feature to All Users 23 hours ago on iOS Blog WhatsApp is in the process of rolling out a two-step verification feature for the messaging platform from today. The security option has been in testing for several months, but is finally going live... 14 comments Apple's Education Bundle With Final Cut Pro X and Logic Pro Now Available Around the World 2 days ago on Mac Blog Apple's new Pro Apps Bundle for Education, which launched in the United States last week, is now available for purchase in several other countries, including but not limited to Australia,... 26 comments BeatsX Earphones Come With Three Free Months of Apple Music 2 days ago on iOS Blog One day away from their official launch, new information is beginning to come out about the BeatsX Earphones thanks to a couple of hands-on videos and reviews that have been posted online. In... 42 comments Facebook Launches New Weather Forecast Section in Mobile App 2 days ago on iOS Blog Facebook has come up with another way to convince users to stay within the social networking app, recently introducing a complete weather forecast section that uses GPS location to present a detailed... 24 comments Tim Cook and UK Prime Minister Theresa May Discuss Apple's Presence in Country Amid Brexit [Update] 2 days ago on Mac Blog Continuing on his lengthy European tour today, Apple CEO Tim Cook has now stopped in London and had a chat with UK Prime Minister Theresa May. According to a spokesperson for May speaking with... 44 comments • Apple Exploring Data Sharing Gestures For Future Wearable Devices (14) • Apple Posts Job Listings For Retail Store in the Austrian Capital of Vienna (8) • B&O Play Announces $299 Wireless Beoplay H4 Headphones With Apple Watch App (8) • Apple Releases Second macOS Sierra 10.12.4 Public Beta for Public Beta Testers (29) • Tim Cook Chats With Students After Receiving Honorary Degree From University of Glasgow (41) • Pinterest Launches 'Lens' Visual Discovery Tool That Recognizes Real-World Objects (9) • Apple Releases Safari Technology Preview 23 With Bug Fixes and Feature Improvements (16)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Husain Sumra Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade Winding the Clocks Back to 'Pocket God' - The TouchArcade Show #294 TouchArcade Needs Your Help - Tell Your Friends and Support Our Patreon TouchArcade Game of the Week: 'Postknight' 'Gravity Galaxy' Looks Like a Fun Orbital Action-Puzzle Game 'Wobblers' Is a Unique High Score Chaser From the Developer of 'Down the Mountain' 'Feudal Feud' Is a Promising Multiplayer Diplomacy/Conquest Game AppShopper Apple Announces New iPhone 6s with 3D Touch Apple Announces iPad Pro with 12.9-inch Retina Display Apple Announces iOS 9, Bringing Split-Screen Multi-tasking to iPad Apple Announces Mac OS X 10.11 'El Capitan' Apple Watch Pre-Orders to Open on April 10, Available Starting on April 24 Apple Announces New 12-inch MacBook with Retina Display Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iPad Air 2 iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS Sierra tvOS 10 watchOS 3 Buyer's Guide Forums iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air Apple VR Project iMac iPad Air 2 Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > New in OS X: Get MacRumors Push Notifications on your Mac Resubscribe Now Close Subscribe to the MacRumors Newsletter Apple Seeds Second Beta of iOS 10.3 to Developers [Updated] Monday February 6, 2017 10:02 am PST by Juli Clover Apple today seeded the second beta of an upcoming iOS 10.3 update to developers, two weeks after seeding the first beta of iOS 10.3 and more than a month after the release of iOS 10.2, the last major update to the iOS 10 operating system. Registered developers can download iOS 10.3 beta 2 from the Apple Developer Center or over-the-air with the proper configuration profile installed. Xcode 8.3 beta 2 is also available with Swift 3. iOS 10.3 is a significant update, bringing several new features and some major changes to iOS 10. The biggest new consumer-facing feature is a "Find My AirPods" feature, which is designed to help AirPods owners locate a lost earphone. Find My AirPods records the last known location of when an AirPod was connected to an iOS device via Bluetooth and it causes a lost AirPod to play a sound. Apple's latest update also introduces a new Apple File System (APFS), installed when an iOS device is updated to iOS 10.3. APFS is optimized for flash/SSD storage and includes features like strong encryption. Apple plans to introduce some App Store changes in iOS 10.3, allowing developers to respond to customer reviews for the first time. iOS users are also able to label reviews in the App Store as "Helpful" or "Not Helpful," which should help surface the most relevant review content. Subscribe to the MacRumors YouTube channel for more videos. Apple also plans to limit the number of times developers can ask for a review, allow customers to leave app reviews without exiting an app, and provide a "master switch" that will let users turn off all app review request prompts (said to be included in beta 2). Also new in iOS 10.3 is a redesigned app open/close animation, an Apple ID profile in Settings, a better breakdown of iCloud storage usage, improvements to SiriKit, and more. For a full rundown of the changes introduced in the first beta, make sure to check out our dedicated "What's New" post. What's new in beta 2: - 32-bit app alert - The alert that warns customers legacy 32-bit apps will not work with future versions of iOS now includes a "Learn More" button. The button is not yet functional and simply takes users to the Settings app, but it may be updated in a future beta. - Three UK WiFi Calling - WiFi calling was enabled by British carrier Three late last month, and with today's beta 2 update, the feature is now available for users running iOS 10.3. Related Roundup: iOS 10 [ 92 comments ] Top Rated Comments (View all) Polaroid 5 days ago at 10:17 am anyone know what iPhone wallpaper Macrumors is using on their videos and screenshot in this article? I need to have it. Rating: 7 Votes Zirel 5 days ago at 10:13 am Can't wait for APFS for macOS! PLZ! Rating: 6 Votes Calby 5 days ago at 10:04 am Hoping for public beta too Rating: 3 Votes d5aqoëp 5 days ago at 10:19 am Having serious battery drain issues on beta 1 on 6S+ -- will randomly run very hot and tick down severely. Hopefully beta 2 more stable. I DFU installed 10.3 B1 and hence I had no heating or random battery drain issues. Rating: 3 Votes I7guy 5 days ago at 10:03 am Let's see if there are any goodies. Downloading now. Rating: 3 Votes b11051973 5 days ago at 11:03 am I look forward to being able to turn off being pestered about reviewing apps. I never review apps, and being asked to do a review just annoys me. Rating: 2 Votes acedout 4 days ago at 10:05 am Public dropped Rating: 2 Votes Ries 5 days ago at 10:11 am Having serious battery drain issues on beta 1 on 6S+ -- will randomly run very hot and tick down severely. Hopefully beta 2 more stable. Most likely converting the file system. Rating: 2 Votes CentralOffice 5 days ago at 10:07 am Having serious battery drain issues on beta 1 on 6S+ -- will randomly run very hot and tick down severely. Hopefully beta 2 more stable. Rating: 2 Votes mattan_lines 4 days ago at 07:32 pm I've found one thing: The Apple Pencil charging issue is fixed. I THOUGHT I WAS THE ONLY ONE. My Pencil only charges if I plug it in via lightning cable + female adapter. Let's see if this iteration fixes the issue... Rating: 2 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming iMac Early 2017 Updated models with AMD graphics options expected in early 2017. iPad Pro Early 2017? New ~10.5-inch model with nearly bezel-free design rumored. MacBook Q2 2017 Faster Kaby Lake processors and up to 16 GB of RAM expected in second quarter 2017. iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 More Blog Stories Sprint Offering Unlimited Data on Five Smartphones for $90 Per Month for a Limited Time 6 hours ago on iOS Blog Sprint today introduced a limited time promotion that offers new customers—existing customers do not qualify—unlimited talk, text, and data for $50 per month for the first line, $40 per month... 10 comments Instapaper Back Online After 31-Hour Outage, Full Content Restore Will Take a Week 18 hours ago on iOS Blog Popular bookmarking service Instapaper faced an extended outage this week, beginning at 12:30PM PT on February 8th and remaining offline for 31 hours. Although the service is now back online, users... 7 comments Tim Cook Describes Fake News as 'One of Today's Chief Problems' 20 hours ago on iOS Blog As Apple CEO Tim Cook continues to make his rounds in Europe, Good Morning Britain managed to catch him for a quick interview while he was visiting Woodberry Down Primary School yesterday. Regarding... 142 comments WhatsApp Rolling Out Two-Step Verification Security Feature to All Users 23 hours ago on iOS Blog WhatsApp is in the process of rolling out a two-step verification feature for the messaging platform from today. The security option has been in testing for several months, but is finally going live... 14 comments Apple's Education Bundle With Final Cut Pro X and Logic Pro Now Available Around the World 2 days ago on Mac Blog Apple's new Pro Apps Bundle for Education, which launched in the United States last week, is now available for purchase in several other countries, including but not limited to Australia,... 26 comments BeatsX Earphones Come With Three Free Months of Apple Music 2 days ago on iOS Blog One day away from their official launch, new information is beginning to come out about the BeatsX Earphones thanks to a couple of hands-on videos and reviews that have been posted online. In... 42 comments Facebook Launches New Weather Forecast Section in Mobile App 2 days ago on iOS Blog Facebook has come up with another way to convince users to stay within the social networking app, recently introducing a complete weather forecast section that uses GPS location to present a detailed... 24 comments Tim Cook and UK Prime Minister Theresa May Discuss Apple's Presence in Country Amid Brexit [Update] 2 days ago on Mac Blog Continuing on his lengthy European tour today, Apple CEO Tim Cook has now stopped in London and had a chat with UK Prime Minister Theresa May. According to a spokesperson for May speaking with... 44 comments • Apple Exploring Data Sharing Gestures For Future Wearable Devices (14) • Apple Posts Job Listings For Retail Store in the Austrian Capital of Vienna (8) • B&O Play Announces $299 Wireless Beoplay H4 Headphones With Apple Watch App (8) • Apple Releases Second macOS Sierra 10.12.4 Public Beta for Public Beta Testers (29) • Tim Cook Chats With Students After Receiving Honorary Degree From University of Glasgow (41) • Pinterest Launches 'Lens' Visual Discovery Tool That Recognizes Real-World Objects (9) • Apple Releases Safari Technology Preview 23 With Bug Fixes and Feature Improvements (16)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Husain Sumra Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade Winding the Clocks Back to 'Pocket God' - The TouchArcade Show #294 TouchArcade Needs Your Help - Tell Your Friends and Support Our Patreon TouchArcade Game of the Week: 'Postknight' 'Gravity Galaxy' Looks Like a Fun Orbital Action-Puzzle Game 'Wobblers' Is a Unique High Score Chaser From the Developer of 'Down the Mountain' 'Feudal Feud' Is a Promising Multiplayer Diplomacy/Conquest Game AppShopper Apple Announces New iPhone 6s with 3D Touch Apple Announces iPad Pro with 12.9-inch Retina Display Apple Announces iOS 9, Bringing Split-Screen Multi-tasking to iPad Apple Announces Mac OS X 10.11 'El Capitan' Apple Watch Pre-Orders to Open on April 10, Available Starting on April 24 Apple Announces New 12-inch MacBook with Retina Display Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
TechWhack Review Best Sites Here Top Free Music download Apps For Android February 10, 2017 By Harsh 94 Comments Top Free Music download Apps For Android 3.26/5 54 votes Welcome to all of you with a thirst for great music and quality music apps for your phone. If you feel that the apps on your phone are not delivering the music that you need, it’s time to get some new apps for free music download. At present, there are more music apps out there than any one phone can hold. With literally thousands of apps to sift through, where does one start? Thankfully, here at TechWhack we have done all the winnowing of the heaps of apps for you. With the featured apps on this post, you can avoid the long and complicated processes on your search, as well as the expenses for an average music download app. In this post today, I have done a little bit more than just lay out for you the best apps for free music downloads. I have included a review of each and every app. Feel free to browse through this cornucopia of information on free music apps, which will serve you up some great music within minutes without you having to dip into your bank. By sticking with these apps, your long attempts of searching for great music apps will become a thing of the past. Furthermore, I have included a top 10 table of my own personal apps for free music downloads for you to explore. Finally, beyond the review of each of the top 10 apps, I have also included a list and short review of many other good apps for free music download. So, enough of introductions and let’s get started … The Best Music Downloader Apps For Free Music Download: Top 10 Table APP NAME OVERALL RATING (On Google Play) Music Downloader APP ICON 4Shared 4.3 / 5 Spotify Music 4.5 / 5 Google Play Music 3.9 / 5 YouTube Music 4.4 / 5 Napster 3.9 / 5 RockMyRun 4.3 / 5 Gaana 4.2 / 5 SoundCloud 4.4 / 5 Saavn Music & Radio 4.2 / 5 MP3 Music Downloader 4 / 5 An Analysis and Review of Each Individual Top 10 App 4Shared Claiming the illustrious no.1 spot on the list is the 4Shared app. At the moment, according to Google Play online, this app has been downloaded over 4.5 million times. It goes without saying that this is an impressive number. Furthermore, with so many downloads and such a high rating, it is safe to say that this app is nothing short of great. To explain, 4Shared is basically a huge database in which everything, all files, are shared by its users. It may not be specifically designed for free music, but it certainly has large amounts of free music for you to download. Along with millions of music files, you can also share and download video files, images, and whatever other media which the app supports. Ultimately, 4Shared has thousands of media files in its grasp, a lot of which are great, free music files. 4shared 4shared is one of the best free music download apps for android. 4shared provides a nice user experience. I love this app and would recommend to all. Moreover, it is completely ads free music download app for android. 4shared is a very fast app. Rated 4.3 stars. Got 5 million downloads worldwide making it one of the best free music download apps for android. Keep on updating and last updated on June 14, 2016. Moreover, It’s size varies with the device because it has a full optimized theme. In conclusion, It is good for free mp3 music download. Also read: Watch free movies online Spotify Music Perhaps the most popular music-related programme in the world, Spotify has its own app form. Everyone has at least heard of Spotify, and millions of people across the globe use it as their go-to software for free music. The best part is, although it is technically a radio-streaming programme, you have complete control over what you want to listen to, unlike actual radio. SPOTIFY I personally use Spotify myself, and the reason is due to not just its huge wealth of great music, but because it is also legal and it contributes somewhat financially to the actual music artists. All things considered, this popular radio-streaming giant offers an incredible amount of free music. There are intermittent ads, but this doesn’t detract from Spotify’s quality and wealth of free, great music. Google Play Music This app, designed by Google, is essentially a free radio service. With Google Play Music you are given unrestricted (and legal) access to a whole bunch of free, great music. One of the best things about this app is that you can search for music depending on a certain mood. You can furthermore browse by genre or artist. Ultimately, the app is an easily straight-forward service which delivers some great music. It currently has around 2.5 million downloads recorded by the Google Play website, and a great overall rating of 3.9 out of 5. With this quality free app, you have nothing to lose but free great music by trying it out. So, guys since it was developed by google, it is one of the best free music apps for android. It has the latest technology. It completely ads free app. You can download this app from play store. It is a free music download apps for android which is fully bugfree, causes 0 no error. Works with google cloud hosting technology mean you can download music very fast. Google Music It is one of the best free music apps for android. It has been downloaded billions of times. Access youtube red with it but for its all features you need to take a paid plan. Has been rated 4.0 stars. Last updated on 8 June, 2016. You can even use its podcast feature. It seems like it has compatible with all the versions. YouTube Music We all know YouTube. This app, however, is a tiny bit different to the great website. With this app, you get “A YouTube built just for music”. Basically, this form of YouTube cuts out the non-music videos, leaving you with only the music. There are ads just like the actual website, but it’s worth the short ads to use this great app. With this app you can also create personalised stations which will adapt to your likes over time. In addition to all this, you can receive a full month of YouTube Red for free. This upgrade cuts out the adds and allows you to work offline. At present, YouTube Music has been downloaded around a quarter of a million times and holds a near-perfect overall rating of 4.4 out of 5. Youtube Music With this app you can also create personalised stations which will adapt to your likes over time. In addition to all this, you can receive a full month of YouTube Red for free. This upgrade cuts out the adds and allows you to work offline. At present, YouTube Music has been downloaded around a quarter of a million times and holds a near-perfect overall rating of 4.4 out of 5. Napster There was once a time when Napster was king of free music downloads. Although those days are gone, Napster has made a bit of a comeback. You can now download the Napster app for your phone and receive its free, great music, just like it once provided. Unlike most music-related apps and players, Napster has no irritating ads. Furthermore, you can listen to your music offline. Basically, with Napster, you can listen to your favourite playlist when travelling to work, without being interrupted by ads. Finally, the Napster app at the moment has been downloaded around 70,000 times. All things considered, although Napster is back in a new way, it still greatly delivers like its old ways. Napster Music Basically, with Napster, you can listen to your favourite playlist when travelling to work, without being interrupted by ads. Finally, the Napster app at the moment has been downloaded around 70,000 times. All things considered, although Napster is back in a new way, it still greatly delivers like its old ways. Rock My Run Are you perhaps interested in fitness? Does your week consist of regular workouts? If so, Rock My Run has been specifically designed for you. This app is manufactured for those who love to listen to music during workouts. Some of the best features about this app is that you can create some unique playlists. For example, you can make playlists which are moulded around a certain tempo or mood. If you wanted to create a fast playlist for running, for example, or an inspiring playlist for hill climbing, Rock My Run is the app for you. All in all, this app will certainly motivate you in the gym or in the great outdoors. ROckmyrun is an amazing free music app for fitness training app. You can hear your favourite music while running, jogging or exercising. You can hear some popular DJ’s with perfect beats for training. It will increase your confidence and enthusiasm and will motivate you to keep going. You just need to choose your favourite genre and then it will stream body driven music. I would really prefer his app as I am personally a sportsperson. Rock My Run Has been rated 4.3 stars which is amazing. Got 1 million+ downloads. Size is quite big. Finally, it’s size is 32 MB. It seems like it requires android version 4.0 or up. Furthermore, it even consumes fewer data. In conclusion, it is one of the best free music apps for android. Gaana This app is one of the most popular music apps for Hindi, Bollywood, Punjabi and other similar types of music. Most popular in India, Gaana also offers free streaming service for popular songs in English, Tamil, Telugu, Marathi, Kannada, and Malayalam. You can also browse through the charts and select your favourite tracks to listen to or place in your own personalised playlist. There are heaps of playlists on offer, ranging from collections of sad ballads to weekend party hits. Ganna: Music Ultimately, Gaana brings the best of India to your mobile phone, whilst also delivering some popular hits from the likes of David Guetta, Bruno Mars, and more. There are a recorded 10 million music tracks to choose from, as well as thousands of playlists. At present, Gaana has been downloaded more than 800,000 times according to Google Play. SoundCloud SoundCloud is a unique music programme used by millions of people and musicians for self-production. In other words, with SoundCloud, musicians everywhere are using this free platform to upload their music. Musicians everywhere are joining this free programme, and listeners everywhere likewise are tuning in to hear what common everyday people are producing. Once a music file is uploaded to SoundCloud, people from all over the world can tune in and listen to it for free. With SoundCloud, you can be either a listener or a giver of music, or both. Soundcloud is great music downloader free app. A lot of features. The enormous database of mp3 songs. Download your favourite music tracks or songs quickly from this app. Connect and share with your friend. Entirely ads free. Finally, you can download this Android app from the below link. It is an editor’s choice music downloader free app for Android. Furthermore, it has been downloaded billions of times. Sound Cloud Since it has been rated four stars, it is an amazing free mp3 download app for android. It seems like it requires Android 4.0 or up. It was last updated in June 2016. Furthermore, this free mp3 music downloader app was developed in Germany by SoundCloud. Finally, it is a fantastic music downloader free app for Android. I personally have many friends who record and upload their own music onto SoundCloud. The benefits of using SoundCloud is the fact that you can listen to undiscovered talent which the radio cannot deliver. You can listen to friends or upcoming breakthrough artists, before the music companies slap a copyright on the tracks. Of course, you won’t find top 50 artists through SoundCloud. This is why it doesn’t rank as highly on my list. Nonetheless, there is great music out there besides the popstars on the radio. Why not give it a try and perhaps you will find a local musician whose music you could love. Saavn Music & Radio Another Hindi-related app for free music downloads, Saavn is in contention for the best app for Bollywood music. Personally, I believe Gaana is a bit better, but Saavn nonetheless shouldn’t be ignored. Saavn gives pretty much everything that Gaana does, but there are some differences between the two apps. For example, with Saavn, you can also enjoy podcasts and audio programmes. By following your favourite artists, you will be notified when/if there are any updates. Saavn In addition, with Saavn you can listen to your favourite songs offline. Playlists are also in your control to create and then modify. Like Gaana, you still get the array of different music, from English to Bollywood, Hindi to Tamil. Saavn Music & Radio is proving to be quite popular, with around 750,000 downloads recorded on the Google Play site. MP3 Music Download An app as simple and effective as its title suggests, MP3 Music Downloader may not be as popular as the rest of these apps for free music downloads, but it certainly contends well. With this app, you have unlimited access to a bunch of music files, as well as unlimited music downloads. It’s all very simple with this app. Just search for the song, artist or genre you have in mind, let the app work its magic, and then begin your download. Download App You can alternatively just stream the track if you prefer. Ultimately, this app is one of the most basic music-related apps out there on the market. It has been downloaded only 8,356 times at present, but around 50% of users have rated the app a full 5 stars out of 5. Other Great Free Music Download Apps That Almost Made the Cut Apple Music From the mega power of Apple Music comes this useful app. There are approximately 30 million Apple tracks available to listen to through this app. However, I must declare early that this app is not completely free. On the other hand, if you subscribe you can use it for free for 3 months. The fact that Apple Music is not free has dropped it out of my personal top 10 apps for free music downloads. If it weren’t for this hick-up, however, Apple Music would have a fair shot at one of the highest positions on the top 10. There are thousands of playlists to go along with the huge library of 30 million Apple songs. You can create your own library of your favourite songs. Apple Music also offers regular recommendations depending on what you listen to. There are also radio stations and other audio programmes to delve within. Basically, if you don’t want to spend a penny, you can only have this app for a limited time. The Apple Music app currently holds an overall rating of 3.4 out of 5 on Google Play. Shazam I wrestled with myself for quite some time on where to put Shazam on this list. This app fully deserves a top 10 place, and 2 million people on Google Play would probably agree with that. At the present moment, Shazam has been downloaded almost 3 million times. Of these downloaders, around two-thirds of them have given Shazam the full 5 out of 5 rating. Another half a million have given the app a 4 star rating. Shazam has an overall rating of 4.4 out of 5 on Google Play. Besides these highly impressive statistics, what does Shazam have to say about itself? Apparently, top singers and celebrities like Adele and Demi Lovato are using the app for their own free music downloads. Some of the top features include: access to lyrics, identify music offline, add songs onto Spotify playlists from Shazam, and more. Shazam also uses amazing visual recognition scanning. This means if you see an album cover or poster, for example, which you want to know more about, use Shazam to scan it and the app will collect information about the music artist in question. There are many other little features which make Shazam a great free app to have. I highly recommend giving it a try, despite the fact that it has just slipped outside the top 10. Vevo In recent years, the Vevo corporation have placed their stamp on many of the biggest, most viewed music videos. Vevo is the result of the partnership between two of the giants of music distrubution: Sony Music Entertainment and Universal Music Group. From this we now have Vevo, the now-popular music video hosting service. So, what can their app do for you? This app as you may have already figured is focused solely on music videos. Due to the fact that this app deals with videos only, and not specifically free music download, it has thus crept out of the top 10 spot. With Vevo, you can watch your favourite music videos in HD and create playlists of the videos you like most. You can also favourite artists, and when a new music video is released by your favourited artist you will be notified. However, Vevo is only available in a select number of countries. The Vevo app is available in the following countries: Canada, USA, Brazil, Australia, Italy, Ireland, France, Germany, The Netherlands, UK, Spain, Mexico, Poland, and New Zealand. The app currently holds an overall rating of 4.2 out of 5 on Google Play. TuneIn Radio One of the most popular radio apps, TuneIn Radio offers an impressive 10,000 different radio stations for free. As a radio station app, it has thus fallen out of my top 10 apps for free music downloads. In addition to all this great music, you can also tune into the news, sports and weather broadcasts, as well as other radio programmes. With TuneIn Radio you can keep track of college basketball, the NFL, NBA, and the NHL. All of the radio is delivered live from the very sources. Therefore, you won’t be in complete control over what music artist or song you want to listen to. Nonetheless, you can choose a specific radio station out the thousands of quality stations on offer. Basically, TuneIn Radio sources thousands of top quality radio stations into one single app. There is an abundance of stations to choose from. The app currently holds an overall rating of 4.4 out of 5 on Google Play. Tidal This app combines high quality definition, high definition music videos, as well as valued information from music journalists. There are huge amounts of music on offer with Tidal. The app claims to offer over 40 million tracks, as well as more than 130,000 high definition music videos. As for the contributing journalists, you can try out the carefully selected playlists chosen by these musical experts. You can also read the well-crafted articles, recommendations and interviews provided by these music journalists. In addition to all this, there are no ads nor any ‘fuzzy images’. There is also an offline mode, which allows you to listen to your albums and playlists when you are out and about. The Tidal app currently holds an overall rating of 3.6 out of 5 on Google Play based on 38,653 votes. Heart Radio Again another radio app, Heart radio is a popular radio station situated in the UK. The app is plain and simple. This app is the official app of Heart Radio and thus brings the station to your device. With the app, you can also see what songs are playing next, re-listen to songs from the past week, view the top trending videos, get celebrity news, and more. Of course, this app isn’t exactly an app for free music downloads, hence why I haven’t included it in my top 10. It is, however, a good radio station nonetheless. The app currently holds an overall rating of 4.1 out of 5 on Google Play. Qello Concerts This app is quite unique. With Qello Converts, you can stream classic concerts and documentaries. This app is essentially a treasure chest full of old great live concerts which you can replay at any time. Some of the things which this app also provides are: One of more free tracks from each concert, more than 30 channels of continuous concert moments, and special free full-length shows. It may not be an app for free music downloads, but is is however an app for free music concert downloads. In addition, there are a whole bunch of award-winning music documentaries to feast your eyes and ears on. Qello Concerts currently holds an overall rating of 4.1 out of 5 on Google Play based on 23,233 user votes. Pandora Radio Unlike most radio apps, Pandora gives you complete control over what you want to listen to. With Pandora music, you can create individual stations or playlists for your favourite artists. Most Pandora apps allow you to store up to 100 different artist playlists. Once you have an artist playlist, you will be given anything by that artist on demand. Like I said, Pandora lets you create your own unique radio channels. Personally, I am a huge fan of Pandora, and it almost made its way into my top 10 favourite apps for free music downloads. You can upgrade to Pandora Plus, which will cut the ads, allow replays and skips, and offline playing. The Pandora Radio app currently holds an overall rating of 4.4 out of 5 on Google Play based on an impressive number of 2,651,882 user votes. I highly recommend this app, despite the fact I haven’t included it in my top 10. SongFlip The SongFlip app claims to offer its users the ability to stream millions of free songs online. I am unsure if there is actually millions on offer from SongFlip, but it does nonetheless offer a lot. The SongFlip app is one of the most basic apps for free music downloads. Simply search for your song or artist and begin streaming for free. There is a high chance that SongFlip has the exact song or artist that you have in mind. After all, it does claim to have millions of tracks to give. The SongFlip app currently holds an overall rating of 4.5 out of 5 on Google Play. Radio Player by Audials This app, yet another radio app, offers over 80,000 different radio stations across the USA. Simply search for an artist, a genre, song or album, and Audials will do its best to retrieve a station best suited to your search. In addition, you can record songs playing on any radio. In other words, if you hear a song which you happen to like but you don’t know the name of, you can choose to record the song right there and then. You can also connect your device to another computer belonging to you, thus allowing you to sync the selected music onto your home PC or laptop. The Radio Player by Audials app currently holds an overall rating of 4.4 out of 5 on Google Play based on 19,49 user votes. Radio Online – PCRADIO You’ve probably assumed by now that there are thousands of radio-related music apps. That assertion would be correct. However, Radio Online – PCRADIO is one of the best free radio apps out there, and the following is why. This app offers hundreds of free radio stations, which is not as many as the thousands offered by the above Radio Player by Audials, or, TuneIn Radio, for example. Nonetheless, Radio Online PCRADIO does have its own perks. With this app, you can use it even if you do have the lowest of internet speeds. Also, all the radio channels are categorised by artist and genre, making your searches easy. Furthermore, Radio Online PCRADIO also offers full discographies on several artists. The Radio Online PCRADIO app currently holds an overall rating of 4.7 out of 5 on Google Play based on 645,547 user votes. Other Great Music Downloader Apps For Free Music Downloads, and Apps Similar To Music Streaming The following apps are other apps for free music downloads. In addition there are some apps which are not quite designed to download free music. Some play music like many of the aforementioned apps and some are more unique in what they offer. SoundHound Picture yourself listening to a song, you don’t know who it’s by, and you have no way of finding out the artist. Well, these days we have SoundHound to do that for us. SoundHound can recognise voice clips, which will then generate heaps of results. You can save all your searches and import your findings into your Spotify account. The app comes with an embedded YouTube player so you can watch the music video of the found song (if there is one). You can also view the lyrics to the found song, or, if you wish, SoundHound will direct you to where you can purchase the track. There is also an abundance of information on numerous music artists to browse through. All this sounds great, but there is one snag. One version of SoundHound on the Google Play website is unfortunately not free ($3.99). On the other hand, there is another SoundHound app which is practically the exact same which is free. At the moment, I am trying to differentiate between the two apps and figure out if there is any difference. However, I can’t see any major differences, or a single difference at all. In short, search for the free version of SoundHound. This app currently holds an overall rating of 4.3 out of 5 on the Google Play website based on 623,731 user votes. Deezer – Songs & Music Player Deezer does everything that a good music app should do. One of the best features used on this app is called ‘Flow’.. Flow will suggest music based on your listening habits. You can also play unlimited playlists, tune into the radio and catch up on the news or sports, create your own playlists, and generally listen to some of the world’s leading musical icons. The Deezer app currently holds an overall rating of 4.1 out of 5 on the Google Play website. blinkbox Music A very basic app, blinkbox Music is an app specifically for android users. The app itself offers the essentials, such as unlimited streaming and a ton of free and popular hits. You can tune into top 40 playlists and other great additions. The blinkbox Music app currently holds an overall rating of 4.1 out of 5 on the Google Play website. YOUZEEK Free Music Streaming A great app which shouldn’t be ignored, YOUZEEK is offered in 16 different languages, and it has in store around 1 million music artists and 1,500 different genres to choose from. You can create and edit your own individual homepage, share playlists with friends and use the privacy settings. YOUZEEK is available in over 200 countries. The app currently holds an overall rating of 4 out of 5 stars on the Google Play website. Stingray Music This app is available for free if it is part of or related to a TV subscription which you have signed with. Stingray has around 2000 individualised music channels to select from. In total, there are around 100 different genres to browse through, and you can customise your very own channel. Stingray offers the basics of any other great free music streaming app. The app currently holds an overall rating of 4.3 out of 5 on the Google Play website. Torch Music With Torch music, you can experience all the pleasantries of listening to your favourite music without the interruption of ads. Think of Torch Music as an app similar to Spotify without the ads. You can also connect your Torch Music account with Facebook and share what you’re listening to with your friends online. The Torch music app currently holds and overall rating of 4.1 out of 5 on the google Play website. New Releases Ed Sheeran – Shape Of You Currently storming the charts across the world is the young English singer-songwriter Ed Sheeran. After a few years from his last album release, Sheeran is back from a brief break to release his new album, Divide. In the event of its release, Ed has given us two songs from his newest album, Castle on the Hill and Shape of You. Shape Of You is currently number 1 in the UK as well as other countries, and is the perfect track to ‘get down to’ in the clubs (if you haven’t already). Chainsmokers – Paris The Chainsmokers are the biggest DJ act to appear from the music scene within the past year or so, and their most recent single Paris is storming the charts. In recent weeks, these guys have produced big hits like Closer and Don’t Let Me Down. Paris has that same vibe, which has thus placed the track highly on the official charts throughout the world. The song has the same elements has other big tracks, which will make it an essentially tune on any weekend playlist. Rag’n’Bone Man – Human This rising artist is from England, and his most recent song Human is not only taking the UK charts by storm, but it also reached no.1 in several other European countries. Rag’n’Bone Man is certainly a name to remember for the future. To put a name on the genre, I would classify the song itself as Soul track with a modern touch of R & B.  This song may very well top the charts in the next few weeks, so get listening now.   Q & A: Music Downloader Free Apps In case you are unsure about a few things related to downloading music onto your many devices, this post will hopefully clarify a few things for you. This section will explain everything from music downloads, to music apps, legal music downloads, and more. (Please note: in regards to illegal downloads, we advocate nothing. The following information is gathered from sources across the internet. The risk and consequence is entirely your own). How do you download a song from YouTube to your computer? If you have never heard of a YouTube converter, now is the best time to start using one. YouTube converters are free to use and take only a matter of seconds to use. There are many YouTube converter websites online, all you have to do is search ‘YouTube converter’. Best youtube converters-  mp3 juice How do you get music from YouTube? As mentioned above, YouTube converter websites are the best way to go. So, what exactly do they do and how to use them? The whole premise is simple. A YouTube converter snatches an audio track from a music video. It then allows you to download and keep this audio track. In order to do this, choose a reliable YouTube converter website and copy and paste the video link. After choosing to convert, the website will take the audio track and you can then download the file. Some of the better YouTube converter websites will allow you to download the audio track in different formats. How do you download a song from YouTube to your phone? You can access YouTube converters on your mobile phone just as easily as you can on your computer. Alternatively, you may be able to find some reliable YouTube converter apps online. Apps like Converter Tube and Video to mp3 are some apps online right now which could do the job for you. Just visit either Google Play or the iTunes app store. Some of these apps will most likely be free to download. What is the best app for downloading music? There are literally thousands of free, great apps online which will download music for you. To name just a few of these free music downloads apps: 4Shared, Google Play Music, SoundCloud, Napster. But other apps reviewed here are good as well. These music downloader apps can be downloaded easily from google play. Where can I download music for free legally? Despite most of the music download websites being illegal, there are in fact some websites in which you can get music for free. To list a few of these free, legal music download websites: FreeMusicArchive, Jamendo, SoundCloud, and Internet Archive. Most of these websites are simple music search engines, in which all you have to do is search for your desired track and then click on ‘download’. Furthermore, most of the music displayed on these websites are property of the public domain. Alternatively, you can also use torrents. Torrents have received a lot of attention due to legal matters. Most torrent sites are illegal, but there are, however, legal torrent sites in which you can either torrent or download music directly from the site. Here are some of the best legal torrent sites which you can use for music: Frostclick.com, Legittorrents.info, and Panda.cd. How do I get free music on my iPhone? Use apps! There are tons of free, great apps out there which can download music onto your phone within seconds. As mentioned above, here are some of the best apps for music downloads: 4Shared, Google Play Music, Napster, and Soundcloud. Check out our post on the best music download apps here. In addition to apps which can download music onto your phone. Apps like Spotify and Radio by Audials won’t necessarily allow you to download the music directly onto your phone, but there isn’t much difference in listening to free music at anytime with a great radio app, and listening to music which you have downloaded from another app. What is a music download? This is a very broad question which may require a lengthy answer. In its simplest form, a download is a file which has been shared from another computer to your own computer (or device). Like giving an item to another person, a download is essentially like a computer giving an item to another computer. Files come in many forms. Some files are as tiny as a few bytes, whereas some are as huge as a few gigabytes. There are also dozens of different music file types, such as: mp3, mp4, wma, ogg, mpeg-1, wav, and more – all of which correspond to or are usable within different software programmes. For example, mp3 is perhaps the most common file type for music downloads. Mp3 files can be used in almost any music playing software programme, like iTunes or Windows Media Player. On the other hand, a file type like WMA is more common to music playing programmes like Windows Media Player. Conclusion That concludes the heaps of great apps for free music downloads. We have given you a big list of free music download app for android. You just need a smartphone with android. You can even download some of the apps on your ios device. If you want to discover even more apps for free music, simply visit either Google Play or the Apple app store and search for ‘free music’ there. You will find dozens of great free apps for you to choose from. Happy searching and best of luck choosing the right apps! Thanks for reading this article. Have a Good Day!! Related Posts Top 10 Best Android Launcher Apps Steps For Learning How To Save Snapchat Videos Check Snapchat Online Login Through Your Web Browser The 10 Best Sites To Play Games Online For Free Without Downloading A List Of Top Genealogy Websites To Help You Discover Your Ancestry Kisscartoon.se and 6 other top Anime websites reviewed +11 Tweet Share5 Share1 Pin14 Stumble1 Filed Under: Best Sites, Blog, Review Comments toko says June 26, 2016 at 11:05 PM An interesting discussion is worth comment. To the next! All the best!! Reply Harsh says June 27, 2016 at 4:14 AM Thank you for your good wishes Reply lords mobile says June 27, 2016 at 4:17 PM Нello! I could have sworn I’ve recognized tһis website earlier but after browsing through many of the artіcles I realized іt’s new to me. Anyhow, I’m certainly happy I came across it and I’ll be boоk-marking it and checking back regularly! Reply Harsh says June 27, 2016 at 4:52 PM Thanks for appreciation Reply perlengkapan bayi says June 29, 2016 at 12:07 AM Good info. Lucky me I found your site by chance (stumbleupon). I’ve book-marked it for later! Reply Harsh says June 29, 2016 at 3:43 AM Thanks for appreciation Reply Adidas says June 29, 2016 at 6:25 AM Tremendous things here. I’m very satisfied to see your post. Thank you so much and I’m having a look ahead to contact you. Will you kindly drop me a e-mail? Reply Harsh says June 29, 2016 at 7:14 AM Thanks for appreciation. Use contact form available in the menu Reply john says July 9, 2016 at 7:24 AM I am actually grateful to the holder of this web site who has shared this great piece of writing at at this place. Reply Harsh says July 9, 2016 at 1:22 PM Thanks bro Reply Maxim says December 3, 2016 at 8:07 AM One more app on Google Play to check out – MP3 Hunter: All the music is free and released under Creative Commons license. You can search and download around 1 million free songs of any genre possible. Rather minimalistic UI but with all the functionality needed – search, play, download, share. Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Search The Site LEGAL DISCLOSURE Home Best Sites Review Tips & Tricks Contact Archives February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 February 2016 free movies online dubbed anime free music download 123movies All rights are reserved. All the content and images belong to their respective owner. We have all the rights to modify & edit any comment which is found to be spammy or abusive. Pages About Contact Legal Disclosure PRIVACY POLICY SiteMap- User Friendly sitemap For Visitors Recommended Watch Free Movies Online Free Movie Downloads 123movies best torrent sites dubbed anime music downloader free Copyright © 2017 TechWhack.com +11 Tweet Share5 Share1 Pin14 Stumble1
Share Tweet iPhone 7s: 'Commercial' features bigger screen, dynamic Home button Search Macworld All All News Reviews Features How-Tos Downloads Apple Apple News Apple Reviews Mac Mac Reviews MacBook Reviews Mac News How To Mac Software Reviews Mac Software Downloads iPad iPad Reviews iPad App Reviews iPad News iPad How To iPhone iPhone Reviews iPhone App Reviews iPhone News iPhone How To News Apple Mac Mac Software iPad iPhone iOS Apps Reviews MacBook iMac Mac Pro Mac mini Mac Software iPhone iPad iPod iOS Apps Apple TV Apple Watch iOS and Mac Accessories How To Mac Mac Software iPad iPhone iOS Apps Forums Macworld forum Deals Open Menu Share This Twitter Facebook Google+ YouTube RSS Hot Topics AirPods review How to fix new MacBook Pro 2016 hardware problems iPhone 7s release date Apple Watch 2 Best iPhone buying guide 2017 Latest Apple Deals » Home News iPhone News New iPhone 7s release date rumours UK | iPhone 7s 2017 specs & new features New iPhone 7s release date rumours UK | iPhone 7s specs & new features: 'Commercial' for next iPhone features dynamic Home button, edge-to-edge screen New iPhone 7s release date rumours UK | iPhone 7s 2017 specs & new features Looking forward to 2017's iPhone 7s launch? We've gathered all the clues, hints and rumours related to the new iPhone 7s for 2017, from the iPhone 7s release date to tech specs, new features and design rumours. Latest: an Apple hardware partner confirms it is ready to supply curved screens, and an analyst predicts that the next iPhone will be branded as the 'iPhone X' by David Price | 06 Feb 17 Share Tweet Send ﻿ Hi. I saw this on Macworld UK and thought you should see it too. Comments Contents Release date Name Design New features Leaked photos and concept illustrations When will the iPhone 7s be released in the UK, and how different will it be from the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus? And what tech specs and new features should we expect from Apple's new iPhone 7s and iPhone 7s Plus handsets for 2017? Welcome to our iPhone 7s rumour roundup, in which we gather and analyse the latest clues and speculation about the iPhone 7s release date, tech specs, new features and more. If you've come here in search of information about the current iPhone range, allow us to direct you to our iPhone 7 review, iPhone 7 Plus review, iPhone buying guide 2016/2017 and best iPhone deals UK. Apple unveiled the new iPhone 7, alongside its bigger sibling the iPhone 7 Plus, during a special event on 7 September last year. But we're already looking ahead to the next iPhone in 2017. In this article we sift through the clues and evidence pointing to Apple's iPhone 7s launch later this year, and predict the iPhone 7s release date, tech specs, design and new features. We'll update this article whenever new information emerges, so check back regularly for the latest iPhone 7s rumours. Updated, 6 February 2017, with an awesome new concept video of the iPhone 7s; on 31 Jan, to add cool new concept illustrations of the iPhone 7s by Thadeu Brandao; on 26 Jan, with confirmation that one of Apple's hardware partners is ready to make curved screens; on 23 Jan, with a detailed report predicting a more sensitive second-gen 3D Touch in the iPhone 7s; on 20 Jan, with predictions that the late-2017 iPhone update will be rebranded as the 'iPhone X'; on 4 Dec, to add further detail to reports that the iPhone 7s will feature wireless charging, as well as claims (from Donald Trump) that Donald Trump is pressuring Tim Cook to build iPhones in the US; and on 17 Nov, to report on a source's claim that Apple is integrating augmented reality into its next iPhone Read more: iPhone 8 rumours | iPhone 9 rumours | Best cheap iPhone deals UK iPhone 7s release date rumours UK: Release date The iPhone 7 was announced on 7 September, and pre-orders began on 9 September; it went on sale on 16 September. (Read our list of the Best cheap iPhone 7 deals.) Which gives us some pretty strong hints about when to expect the iPhone 7s. Ever since the launch of the iPhone 4s, Apple has consistently updated its iPhones once a year, in autumn (with one exception: the smaller iPhone SE was launched in March 2016), so we're expecting the iPhone 7s to appear some time in September 2017. Here are our predictions of upcoming iPhone release dates over the next few years: Mar 2017: iPhone SE 2 Sept 2017: iPhone 7s and iPhone 7s Plus Mar 2018: iPhone SE 3 Sept 2018: iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus Mind you, it's possible that Apple might bring the iPhone 8 forward... as we discuss in the next section. iPhone 7s release date rumours: Donald Trump 'pressuring Apple to build iPhone 7s in the US' As part of his recent presidential campaign, Donald Trump complained about Apple's offshore manufacturing operations, and boasted that he would make the company build its iPhones in the US (and employ a bunch of Americans in the process). Now, as president-elect, he's trying to make his promises a reality. Speaking to the New York Times, Trump described a call he had with Tim Cook about the issue, and appeared to think he had been extremely persuasive. "I got a call from Tim Cook at Apple, and I said, 'Tim, you know one of the things that will be a real achievement for me is when I get Apple to build a big plant in the United States, or many big plants in the United States, where instead of going to China, and going to Vietnam, and going to the places that you go to, you're making your product right here.' He said, 'I understand that.'" Read next: Where are Apple products made? Apple has its reasons for building its smartphones in Asia, where labour costs are lower (and the relevant skills are more plentiful, according to Cook). But Trump thinks he can sweeten the deal with tax cuts and changes to regulations. "I said: 'I think we'll create the incentives for you, and I think you're going to do it. We're going for a very large tax cut for corporations, which you'll be happy about.'" What Trump did not claim is that Cook actually agreed to any of this, even in principle. And Tim Cook doesn't strike us as someone who could easily be cowed into taking a course of action that isn't in the best interests of Apple and its shareholders. More of this sort of vague thing has emerged since then. Trump stated in an interview with Axios that Tim Cook has his "eyes open" to the idea of building iPhones in the US, and that he "really believes [Cook] loves this country and I think he'd like to do something major here", whatever that means.  To be frank, these statements read less like an update on the progress of negotiations and more like a public blackmail campaign, but it might just work. Trump has been underestimated before. Other Apple products made in the US The idea of US manufacture isn't totally alien to Apple, although it is unusual and restricted to far lower-volume products than the iPhone. It has made a lot out of its US Mac Pro assembly, but this is a niche product - a flagship niche product, to be sure, but one that is made in comparatively low numbers. In January 2017 - a couple of weeks ahead of Trump's inauguration - Apple applied to expand the use of a manufacturing facility it owns in Arizona. (The plant was originally going to be used for sapphire screens, but that fell through.) It was understood, rather boringly, that Apple would be building data server cabinets for its own internal use, but the company has since stated that it will merely be receiving, configuring and distributing servers from this hub rather than building any products. Any increase in the company's US manufacturing footprint, no matter how seemingly unrelated to the iPhone, will add to speculation that Donald Trump's very public pressure is beginning to have an effect. (The President is quite canny at taking credit for things that are unrelated to - and sometimes precede - the actions he claims to have caused them, as the US automotive industry is currently discovering.) iPhone 7s release date rumours UK: Name Apple habitually follows what is known as a 'tick-tock' release cycle with its iPhones. One year it will release a full-number upgrade, featuring a significant physical redesign (iPhone 4, iPhone 5, iPhone 6); then the next year it will release an 'S' upgrade which has the same physical design as its predecessor but adds new features and spec boosts (iPhone 4s, iPhone 5s, iPhone 6s). For this reason many Apple fans choose to upgrade their phones once every two years. Given that the iPhone 7 appeared in 2016, the obvious conclusion is that Apple will unveil an iPhone 7s (and accompanying iPhone 7s Plus) in autumn 2017. But there have been increasingly widespread murmurs that it's about time for Apple to retire its tick-tock cycle, which deprecates the importance of its S releases and discourages regular updates. What's more, 2017 is the iPhone's 10th-anniversary year, and the iPhone 7 had a surprisingly similar physical design to the iPhone 6 and 6s (headphone port aside). For these reasons, quite a few of us suspect that Apple will go all-out with a blockbuster release, branded as the iPhone 8, next year. Indeed, a little extra weight was added to the 'iPhone 8 in 2017' theory in early October 2016. Business Insider reports that an Apple employee in Israel who solders components spoke to them about the next iPhone and referred to it as the iPhone 8 "unprompted in our conversation". iPhone X Timothy Arcuri, an analyst at the research firm Cowen and Company, has sent out a client note predicting among other things that the late-2017 iPhone update will be branded as iPhone X - the letter X in this case evidently signifying the Roman numeral for 10, since the iPhone is celebrating its 10th birthday in 2017. It's rather leftfield, and we'll count it as unlikely until we hear evidence to back it up, but it's actually not the worst idea in the world: those relentlessly rising model numbers draw attention to quite how long Apple has been churning out iPhones, and make each one seem like merely the latest update in a long line of identikit devices. This would be a statement of intent, a declaration that this one is different. We'll talk a bit about Timothy Arcuri's other predictions later in this article. Macworld poll: What will Apple call the next iPhone? iPhone 7s release date rumours UK: Design What physical changes can we expect in the iPhone 7s? Logically, an S upgrade would imply a lack of a physical redesign, but Apple has kept largely the same chassis for three iPhones in a row now and we'd be shocked if the company doesn't pull some kind of major revamp out of the bag. iPhone 7s design: Edge-to-edge screen, with no Home button Some while back Piper Jaffrey analyst Gene Munster suggested the iPhone 7 wouldn't have a Home button, reasoning that the new 3D Touch technology introduced with the iPhone 6s could largely take its place and allow Apple to use the space to make the screen bigger or the device smaller. (A corollary of Munster's theory is that the Touch ID fingerprint scanner would need to move - perhaps being built into the screen itself.) Munster's speculation about the iPhone 7 didn't prove to be true - indeed, Munster has made a few famously misjudged predictions in the past, along with some decent calls - but may yet happen on the iPhone 7s. Technology that could help with this development was recently announced by a biometric R&D company, Sonavation. Its tech would enable Apple to run the screen vertically edge-to-edge, with no cut-out for the Home button. The Home button could occupy the same position but appear only when needed, much like the software keyboard; and the technology for Touch ID would be bonded to the underside of the screen at the appropriate point. Last year Apple filed a patent that seems relevant to this concept. Patent application number 20150036065, for "a fingerprint sensor... incorporated in a display stack in an electronic device", was filed in April 2014 and published recently. Here are some of the illustrations: (The illustration in Fig. 1 above appears to show an iPhone that still has a Home button, and therefore doesn't increase the amount of screen area - what would be the point of that, you might wonder. But remember that this is to illustrate the concept itself, not to show what it would look like in practice or the way other elements of the product would change to adapt to it.) What's more, Apple has been granted another patent that also refers to a fingerprint sensor that can work through a screen. Patent 9,460,332 describes a "Capacitive fingerprint sensor including an electrostatic lens": more pertinently to this discussion, it states that "one or more other device components, such as a display stack and/or a touchscreen may be interposed between the contact surface of dielectric structure 202 and array 206 of capacitive sensing elements". In January 2017 yet another patent was added to the pile of evidence that Apple is plotting the use of an edge-to-edge screen. Patent 9,543,364, granted on 10 January, refers to "Electronic devices having displays with openings", and appears to cover various means by which Apple would be able to hide cameras, sensors and controls behind the screen and still allow the user to access them, thanks to small (and in most cases tiny) holes in the screen. This in turn means Apple can expand the screen outwards to cover the full face of the device, since it doesn't need to leave space around the edge for the various apertures and controls we've grown used to. The holes could be filled in with a material that doesn't block radio signals, for instance, although in many cases they will be so small that the user wouldn't notice them. iPhone 7s design: Larger screen Cowen and Company analyst Timothy Arcuri, who we quoted earlier, has also made some predictions about the screen to be included in what he predicted will be called the 'iPhone X'. There will be three models, Arcuri says: 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch phones, to match the existing iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, and a new 5.8-inch iPhone - the biggest ever iPhone screen. This latter, clearly flagship model, will have an OLED screen and a "wraparound" design with the Touch ID fingerprint sensor integrated under the glass, with no separate Home button. iPhone 7s design: Curved/flexible screen There have been consistent rumours, stretching back years, that Apple is going to make an iPhone with a curved or flexible screen - although flexible might be a misleading word to use here. Very few people imagine that an iPhone in the near future will actually be able to 'flex' in any meaningful way (being folded in half to fit in a pocket, for example); most pundits just mean that it will have curved edges so that the screen continues a little way down the sides, like the Samsung S7 Edge. Some relatively firm evidence was added to this theory in January 2017, when the screen maker Japan Display, which already works with Apple, confirmed [paywall article] that it is ready to start building flexible displays. (Again, this is understood to mean 'curved' rather than 'actively bendable by the user'.) While the company didn't mention Apple by name, it did say it is building the screens for hardware partners, and analysts are understandably putting two and two together. iPhone 7s design: Glass front and back 9to5Mac cites a report, from the generally reliable analyst Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI Securities, that predicts - based on the popularity of the (scratch-prone) Jet Black iPhone 7 - that the next iPhone will have a glass front and back that mimic that device's glossy looks but are better able to resist scratch damage. "If Apple does follow through with what KGI suggests," the site predicts, "an all-glass design could extend the glossy finish to all colours of the iPhone lineup depending on how Apple handles the design." iPhone 7s design: Stainless steel chassis DigiTimes (a Chinese-language site which Apple Insider describes as a "hit-or-miss publication", with polite savagery), is predicting that the chassis of the iPhone 7s will be made of stainless steel and supplied by Jabil rather than favoured manufacturing partner Foxconn, citing the usual anonymous sources in the supply chain. This would be a surprise, to be honest, given Apple's overwhelming recent preference for aluminium; the iPhone 4 and iPhone 4s were designed with steel bands around a glass body, but it's been all aluminium for the iPhone line ever since. And we're given to understand that the engineering method will be different this time around: whereas the iPhone 4-gen handsets were milled, the iPhone 7 metalwork will be forged, a technique that creates stronger components. iPhone 7s design: Colour options The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus are available in five colour options: silver, gold, Rose Gold (pink), (matt) black and Jet Black. The iPhone 7s will probably be available in the same colours, but it's believed that there will be a sixth red option as well. The (generally pretty reliable) Japanese-language site Macotakara has posted a report that cites a source in the Taiwanese supply chain and says it is highly probably red will be added to the colour line-up. (A slight complication here is that Apple has historically made red products as part of the Product Red HIV/AIDS charity, rather than as a cosmetic preference. Macotakara doesn't comment on whether this will be tied in with that charity.) Mockup illustration courtesy of Macotakara Before the launch of the iPhone 7 there were rumours about a Deep Blue colour option, but we've not heard much about that since then. iPhone 7s release date rumours UK: New features Pundits are increasingly looking ahead to 2017 for a big iPhone launch. Making predictions about the upcoming performance of Apple stock, analysts at Credit Suisse forecast that the 10th-anniversary iPhone released in 2017 (which they predict will be called iPhone 8 in recognition of its major updates, incidentally) will feature "significant innovations" such as a full-glass OLED screen, new and upgraded haptic feedback features, wireless charging and numerous major specs improvements including the camera and processor. Here are some more features we could see in the iPhone 7s. iPhone 7s new features: New 3D Touch AppleInsider is predicting that the late-2017 iPhone will feature second-gen 3D Touch with greater sensitivity and greater gesture versatility than the current version, thanks to changes in the underlying design. According to a research note from the respected Apple analyst Ming-Chi Kuo seen by the site, the next iPhone will have 3D Touch based around thin film instead of flexible printed circuit boards. While this would improve the way the technology works, it would create design headaches; for one thing, thin film sensors don't incorporate the metal conductive plate that protects the current screen from deformation, so Apple would have to add a passive metal backplate or risk a repeat of the Bendgate scenario. The development would also add to manufacturing costs, and with UK prices already up to account for the weakness of the pound, Apple hasn't got much room for manoeuvre if it wants to protect its profit margin. Read next: Best 3D Touch shortcuts iPhone 7s new features: Wireless charging Wireless charging didn't arrive with the iPhone 7 as some had predicted (it has also been predicted for previous iPhone models stretching back some years), but was introduced to the Apple Watch in the form of inductive charging... and this is significant. As iMore's Rene Ritchie points out, inductive charging hasn't been practical for the iPhone in previous years because the technology available at the time didn't work through an aluminium backplate - but the Apple Watch can offer wireless charging because it has a ceramic back. In July 2015 Qualcomm announced a wireless charging breakthrough that does work through metal. This came too late for the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, but the technology may appear in the 7s generation. Foxconn, a huge iPhone manufacturer, is reported to be testing wireless charging modules that will be included in some or all of the 2017 iPhones. (Apple likes to have at least one major feature that sets the Plus model apart, and so it would makes a certain sense to limit this to the large model only.) The questions at this point relate to yield rate and profitability: Foxconn is exploring the practicality of producing large batches of the component to a satisfactory standard. In November 2016, KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo predicted in a report that Apple will indeed bring wireless charging capabilities to the autumn 2017 iPhone handsets, thanks to the all-glass design, but warned that the firm may bundle the wireless charger with more expensive models only. The firm envisions a wireless pad for charging the phones, somewhat like the inductive charger that comes with the various Apple Watch models. Perhaps the iPhone 7s Plus will offer wireless charging out of the box, while iPhone 7s buyers will need to purchase the charging pad separately (in this scenario, obviously the phones would need to be chargeable via conventional means too); or it might be the lower storage capacity units that miss out on the bundled wireless charger. That's another accessory to put on your shopping list, then. Business Insider offers a little more detail from Ming-Chi Kuo's report on wireless charging; one aspect it mentions - which appears to contradict earlier rumours that Foxconn was leading the way in this area - is that Pegatron will be the exclusive supplier of this component.  iPhone 7s new features: Augmented reality and VR According to a source cited by Business Insider (described only as "a person familiar with the matter"), Apple is currently working on a new augmented reality feature for the 2017 iPhone update. "By adding AR technology into the iPhone's camera software, Apple wants consumers to be able to point the phone at a real-world object and have it be recognised," said the site. "Another early feature for Apple's AR integration into the camera app could be to recognise and manipulate people's faces." This fits with earlier predictions raised in a far-ranging and fascinating Facebook post by Robert Scoble which discussed the way VR and augmented reality will figure in Apple's upcoming iPhones. "Really amazing VR/AR/mixed reality is coming... and coming by the end of 2017," Scoble writes. "Apple's entrance into this new world is like when IBM came into the personal computing world. It is that important." He discusses the impact that a mixed-reality iPhone could have on the market, and predicts that users will "pop [the new iPhone] into a headset which has eye sensors on it, which enables the next iPhone to have a higher apparent frame rate and polygon count than a PC with a Nvidia 1080 card in it... The clear iPhone will put holograms on top of the real world like Microsoft HoloLens does. "You'll look through the glass in mixed reality modes (think of a new kind of Pokemon game) either in the headset, or in your hand." Read more: Apple VR and augmented reality rumours iPhone 7s release date rumours UK: Leaked photos and concept illustrations It's a little early to expect leaked photos from Apple's supply chain - we'd imagine the iPhone 7s is still in the design stages - we have seen our first concept illustrations. These are imaginative images created by talented artists and design illustrators with ideas about what they'd like to see in the next generation of Apple's smartphone. Thadeu Brandao has come up with some lovely, minimalist concepts for the iPhone 7s: Brandao described his thought process as "mixing the design of iPhone 4 and 7", and you'll note the lack of a headphone port once again, and the Home button integrated into the screen. Brandao also worked on the following concept video posted by the YouTube channel ConceptsiPhone: On the next page: Everything you need to know about 2016's iPhone 7 launch >> >> Read on… Pages 1 2 3 Tags: iPhone , Rumour , iPhone 6 , iOS 9 , iPhone 6s , iPhone 7 Share this article Share Tweet Send ﻿ Hi. I saw this on Macworld UK and thought you should see it too. Comments Comments Advertisement Android Wear 2.0 release date and new features: Google lists smartwatches getting upgraded 1995-2015: How technology has changed the world in 20 years VES Awards 2017: Watch VFX breakdowns for the winners including The Jungle Book and Game of Thrones Best free & cheap photo editing software for Mac: Free and low-cost alternatives to Photoshop,… Apple News Apple Reviews Apple How To Macworld Magazine Apple Deals Mac Forums Apple Mac iPhone Reviews iPad Reviews Mac Downloads About Macworld Contact Site Map Information for advertisers Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Cookies UK Tech Weekly Podcast:Soundcloud/ iTunes Follow Macworld on Twitter Follow Macworld on Facebook © Copyright 2017 IDG UK. All Rights Reserved.
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish Apple Outperformed The ‘Apple Of China’ Last Year By Adnan Farooqui on 02/06/2017 09:34 PST Xiaomi has been one of the fastest-growing smartphone companies on the planet these past few years. It remained the top smartphone vendor in its home country of China back in 2014 and 2015. Things took a turn in 2016, though, as the company’s rivals caught up and it also lost its initial edge. Xiaomi, often referred to as the “Apple of China,” was outperformed by the actual fruit company as it shipped more smartphones in China than the local hero. Latest data from market research company IDC reveals that Xiaomi was the No.5 smartphone brand in China after shipping 41.5 million smartphones in 2016. Apple outperformed it by taking fourth place after shipping 44.9 million iPhones in China, one of the most lucrative smartphone markets in the world. Interestingly, both Apple and Xiaomi saw their shipments contract in the previous year on an individual basis. Apple shipped 58.4 million iPhones in 2015 but was down to 44.9 million last year. Xiaomi came down from 64 million units to 41.5 million units, this amounts to a 23 percent and 36 percent drop respectively. Local contender Oppo stormed ahead and took the lead by shipping 78.4 million smartphones, almost double the 35.4 million units it shipped in the previous year. Huawei came in second place with shipments of 76 million units while Vivo also nearly doubled its yearly shipments from 35 million in 2015 to 69 million in 2016. Filed in Apple >Cellphones. Read more about China and Xiaomi. Source: idc Related Articles 2017-02-06 Xiaomi Wants To Be India's Top Smartphone Vendor In 3-5 Years 2017-02-02 Xiaomi Mi 6 Snapdragon 835 Processor Might Be Underclocked 2017-01-23 China Has Made Using Unauthorized VPNs Illegal 2016-12-11 China Seems To Have Abandoned Their Straddling Bus Experiment 2016-11-22 Meet The LingLong DingDong, China’s Answer To The Amazon Echo 2016-11-14 China Says iPhone Sales Will Be Cut If Trump Imposes A Trade War 2015-08-14 Xiaomi Brings On-Demand Roaming To Its Users In China 2015-05-11 Chinese Smartphone Market Has Reached Saturation, According To Study Your Netflix Binge Watching Isn’t Doing The Environment Any Favors Hasbro Is Letting You Vote For Monopoly’s New Tokens Online Nintendo Hid A Message For Hackers In The NES Classic Final Fantasy XV Glitch Exposes Unexplored, Unused Areas In The Game Razer Confirms Two Prototypes Were Stolen At CES Valve Apparently Prototyped Half-Life 3 As An RTS Tim Cook Teases ‘The Best Is Yet To Come’ For The iPhone Retro-bit Brings Nintendo’s Game Boy Back From The Dead User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Feb 11, 4:09 AM EST Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology Apple iPad Pro 2 Vs Samsung Galaxy Tab S3: Rumors, Release Date, Price And Specs Comparison By Fionna Agomuoh @FionnaatIBT On 02/06/17 AT 12:34 PM Close Both Apple and Samsung are expected to release new flagship tablets in 2017, the iPad Pro 2 and the Galaxy Tab S3 respectively. Neither of the tablet lines have been refreshed since late 2015 and are expected to feature several new tweaks and improvements. Neither Apple nor Samsung have confirmed specs for the tablets, but several rumors have given consumers an idea of what to expect. Check out how the iPad Pro 2 and the Galaxy Tabs S3 are likely to compare. Display And Design The iPad Pro 2 is expected to release in three display options: a 9.7-inch, 12.9-inch and a new 10.5-inch display. Apple may introducean OLED display with the Touch Bar feature first seen on the latest MacBook Pro models. The Touch Bar acts as a virtual function row on keyboards, and includes additional features, such as shortcuts to apps and emojis, among others. Rumors also suggest the iPad Pro 2 display may have no bezels and could be foldable. The iPad Pro 2 may also be accompanied by a new Apple Pencil 2, which may include a magnetic strip that allows users to attach the stylus onto the iPad Pro 2 for easy storage and carrying. Rumors suggest the attachment mechanism may also double as a charging dock for the Apple Pencil 2. The Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 is expected to feature a 9.6-inch 2048 x 1536 curved display, similar to many of the Galaxy Edge smartphones. While there have been few leaks of the tablet, Samsung’s press invite hints at a curved display for the device. Samsung may introduce a sold-separately S-Pen stylus for the Galaxy Tab S3. Hardware And Battery The iPad Pro 2 is expected to feature A10X chip, 4GB or 6GB RAM and 32GB, 128GB and 256GB internal storage options. Rumors suggest Apple may introduce color options first seen on the iPhone, such as rose gold, black and jet back. Specs rumors for the Galaxy Tab S3 include a Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 chip and 4GB of RAM 32GB and 128GB internal storage capacities Related Stories Apple iPad Pro Vs Samsung Galaxy Tab S3: Specs, Price And Release Date Comparison Target Offering Apple iPad Pro For $150 Discount Camera And Connectivity The iPad Pro 2 may feature a 12-megapixel main camera and 5-megapixel front camera. This would be a major upgrade from the original 12.9-inch iPad Pro, which released in 2015 with a 8-megapixel main camera and 1.2-megapixel front camera. However the 9.7-inch model released in 2016 with same camera specs now rumored for the iPad Pro 2. Apple may also include Live Photos and 4K video recording ability on the iPad Pro 2. The tablet will likely come in Wi-Fi and LTE cellular models with compatibility for the four major U.S. mobile networks. Rumors suggest the Galaxy Tab S3 may feature a 12-megapixel main camera and 5-megapixel front camera. Wi-Fi and LTE cellular models are expected with Verizon and US Cellular network compatibility. Price And Availability The iPad Pro 2 is expected to be priced similar to the original iPad Pro, meaning the 12.9-inch model may sell for around $799 and the 9.7-inch model for around $599. The 10.5-inch model will likely be priced in between the larger and smaller models. The tablet may release between March or April. The Galaxy Tab S3 is expected to sell for approximately $600. Samsung has invited press to a launch event Feb. 26 during Mobile World Congress in Barcelona. The tablet may hit stores in March. Join the Discussion Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Business US Companies Continue Moving Jobs To Mexico Despite the threats of a 35 percent tariff, American companies are moving forward to lay off hundreds of US jobs. Technology Leaked Branding Hints At Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus A popular tech informant has shared the name of one of the Galaxy S8 models. World Snowden Says Report Proves He Never Spied For Russia Edward Snowden, who was given refuge in Russia in 2013, is facing espionage charges in the U.S. for leaking documents about secret mass surveillance programs. National Dossier On Trump-Russia Ties Gaining Credibility: Report While people didn't take the documents seriously when they first came to light, a large number are reassessing their stance following Trump’s stand on Russia during his campaign. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Share Tweet What's the best smartphone? The best phones you can buy in the UK PC Advisor Phones Smartphone reviews Best smartphones Smartphone tips Smartphone buying advice Smartphone deals Laptops Laptops reviews Laptops tips Best laptops Laptops buying advice Tablets Tablet reviews Best tablets Tablet tips Tablets buying advice Deals Reviews Smartphones Laptops Tablets PCs Software Apps Printers Storage Devices Wearable Tech Digital Home Wi-Fi and Networking Games consoles Tech accessories Audio Displays Graphics cards Cameras Computer Mice and Keyboards How To Windows Security Apple Android Smartphones Tablets Software Laptops Broadband Gadgets Games Smart Home Audio Photo & Video Printing Components Desktop PCs Peripherals PC Upgrades Linux Business Enterprise Social Networks Tech Industry Internet 3D Storage Downloads Windows downloads Mac downloads Linux downloads iPad & iPhone downloads Android downloads Windows Mobile downloads Audio, Video & Photo downloads Backup & Recovery downloads Design & Illustration downloads Developer & Programming downloads Disc Burning downloads Finance & Accounts downloads Games downloads Hobbies & Home Entertainment downloads Internet Tools downloads Kids & Education downloads Networking Tools downloads Office & Business downloads Operating Systems & Distros downloads Portable Applications downloads Security downloads Social Networking downloads System & Desktop Tools downloads Forums Tech Helproom Windows Help Digital Home & Smartphones Help Consumer Rights Advice Apple Help Games Speakers Corner Beta Testing All All Features Reviews How-Tos Downloads Forums Search PC Advisor Reviews How to Group Tests Features Buying Advice New Products Deals Forums Advisors Games Entertainment Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Hot Topics Android Wear 2.0 MWC 2017 Windows Cloud Galaxy S8 Nokia Android phone LG G6 Latest Tech Deals » Home Test Centre Smartphones Test Centre Best phone 2017 UK: Which is the best mobile to buy? Best phone 2017 UK: Which is the best mobile to buy? The best iPhones and Android phones out right now Best phone 2017 UK: Which is the best mobile to buy? What's the best phone? The best smartphone is the Samsung Galaxy S7 edge, but there are 19 other best mobile phones in our round-up of the best phones 2017. We reveal the best Android phones, best iPhones and best Windows phones. Best phone reviews. There are so many phones out there, but you can have only one. We help you find the best smartphone for you By Chris Martin | 06 Feb 17 Share Tweet Send ﻿ Hi. I saw this on PC Advisor and thought you should see it too. Comments Best phone 2017 UK Best phone RRP Key specifications Samsung Galaxy S7 edge £639 Android 6.0 Marshmallow, Exynos 8890, 4GB RAM, 32GB storage, 5.5in Quad-HD, 3600mAh Samsung Galaxy S7 £569 Android 6.0 Marshmallow, Exynos 8890, 4GB RAM, 32GB storage, 5.1in Quad-HD, 3000mAh LG G5 £529 Android 6.0 Marshmallow, Snapdragon 820, 4GB RAM, 32GB storage, 5.3in Quad-HD, 2800mAh Jump straight to our full best phones chart  We help you choose your new smartphone with our guide to the 20 best phones you can buy in the UK in 2017. We round up the best smartphones including best Android phones and best iPhones - best phone reviews. Also see: Best Phone Deals Note: If you're looking for a new phone at the moment, you might want to hang on a little longer. MWC 2017 is around the corner and is when many new flagship phones will be launched. The current crop will soon be out of date so check out the best new phones coming in 2017. When we review smartphones we take into account their build quality and design, ease of use, features, performance and value, although the latter isn’t always such a big deal when it comes to a phone you are most likely to buy on a contract. Generally speaking a flagship phone will cost between £500- and £600, or between £40- and £50 per month on a contract. If you are buying SIM-free then you should also check out our best SIM-only deals. Value becomes more important when you consider older-generation phones. For example, we still think the Samsung Galaxy S6 is better than many of the phones in this chart, especially when you consider that it’s now available under £400 SIM-free. However, we move all older-generation smartphones to our best mid-range phones chart, and you’ll now find the Galaxy S7 and S7 edge sitting at the top of this best phones chart. We also have a best budget phones round-up if you're looking to minimise costs. Also see: Best kids' phones 2017. Note that we have removed the Samsung Galaxy Note 7 from our chart due to Samsung's discontinuation of it following battery problems. Best phone 2017: Android vs iOS vs Windows There are multiple mobile phone operating systems, but really only two worth talking about: Android and iOS. Windows phones account for around 1 percent of all phones sold, so it makes more sense to go with Android or an iPhone. If you do have your heart set on Windows, also see our list of the best Windows phones 2017. (Similarly, for purely Android choices see Best Android phones.) The vast majority of phones available run the Android operating system, with Marshmallow the latest version. While Apple’s iOS platform has a much lower market share, developers always release their apps on iOS so it has one of the best app stores you'll find. For more, see Android vs iPhone. Also, for a more in-depth look at each OS see our Android Marshmallow review, iOS 10 review and Windows 10 Mobile review. If you have an Android phone or and iPhone and want to move to the other type of phone, it's fair easy move your contacts and other data from one to the other. See How to move from Android to iPhone and How to move from iPhone to Android. What you can't move is paid-for apps, so keep this in mind if you're considering a change of platform. Best phone 2017: Why you should buy an unlocked phone An unlocked phone is one which is not tied to any particular mobile operator, such as Vodafone or EE. Buying unlocked usually means buying the phone outright without a SIM. The most important point is that an unlocked phone is almost always a better deal than buying a phone on contract. The only real exception to this are Apple's iPhones - because of their traditional popularity, operators do often subsidise the cost of buying an iPhone in order to lock you into a lucrative long-term deal. Generally speaking, however, if you can afford the upfront cost of the handset, you will pay less over the life of your phone by buying unlocked.  More importantly, you are not locked in. If you want a new handset at any time, you can buy one without having to up-purchase your way out of a contract, or commit to another two years.  SIM-free vs unlocked One thing to be sure of when purchasing an unlocked or 'SIM-free' phone is that not all SIM-free handsets are unlocked. The excellent Vodafone Smart Ultra 6 is a classic example of this. It is SIM-free, but if you want to use it for any network other than Vodafone you have to first use it for a month with a Voda SIM, and then pay £20 to get it unlocked. EE's own branded phones are similar. In both cases it may well still be better to buy network branded phones and go through the pain of getting them unlocked, than to buy on contract. But you should do your research before you take the plunge. We can help with that with our feature: 'How to unlock any phone'. The right SIM One other thing to consider is the size and shape of the SIM required for your phone. Make sure you get a nano-SIM if a nano-SIM is what your phone requires. If you get that wrong it is easily solvable - every network will gladly send over a different-sized SIM. SIM cards tend to come in all three sizes - you simply pop out the one you need. But that's assuming you are getting a new SIM, and if you're looking for a SIM-free phone or unlocked phone you probably already have one. You can buy adaptors that let you fit a Nano-SIM or Micro-SIM in a Micro-SIM or full-size SIM slot for a very small charge. More important is to make sure that if you want 4G you get a 4G-enabled phone and SIM. Best phone 2017: Smartphone material poll 20 best phones 2017 UK: Reviews Every single phone in our top 20 is here because we think it is an excellent device, with which few people will be disappointed. All are plenty fast for general tasks and gaming (see our benchmark results in What's the fastest phone?), have nice screens and decent photography capabilities. However, subtle differences mark them out in a fiercely competitive market. You can read the full, in-depth review of each of the 20 reviews below by clicking on the link. 1. Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Rating: Reviewed on: 12 January 17 RRP: £639 inc VAT Compare: all Samsung Galaxy S7 edge deals The Galaxy S7 edge is no longer the semi-gimmick it was before. Although some of the main features are things from the Galaxy S5 – Micro-SD and waterproofing – Samsung has given fans what they want. It's now a refined, sophisticated and highly desirable piece of technology. The battery isn't removable but the phone lasts longer than before and has seriously powerful specs under the hood. It has almost everything you could want from a phone even though the IR blaster is gone. We're also very impressed with the new camera and unless the screen is too big for you (despite some software features to help out) we think it's worth getting the S7 edge for the extra £70 with its gorgeous looks and extra functionality. Right now, this is the best smartphone money can buy. Read our Samsung Galaxy S7 edge review. 2. Samsung Galaxy S7 Rating: Reviewed on: 12 January 17 RRP: £569 inc VAT Compare: all Samsung Galaxy S7 deals The Samsung Galaxy S6 was the best phone of 2015 and, although it’s still early days, the Galaxy S7 is a serious contender for best phone of 2016. Samsung has taken into account what its fans want, addressing the three main areas of concern: removable storage, waterproofing and battery life. It’s also upgraded the core hardware and photography gear, added an always-on display and some useful software. Right now the Galaxy S7 is simply unbeatable. Read our Samsung Galaxy S7 review. 3. LG G5 Rating: Reviewed on: 5 May 16 RRP: £529 inc VAT Compare: all LG G5 deals The LG G5 is one of the most radical phones to come along in a while and we’re glad the firm has shaken things up with the modular design. The G5 is innovative and interesting with unique features but it’s a shame the design and build feels unfinished in areas. It’s a top-notch device which can hold its own with the best phones in performance and cameras, but it’s LG’s modular design which is the real selling point here. There is bags of potential but the future of this is unclear so it’s hard to be definite right now. The G5 is one of the best phones around but for completely different reasons to the Galaxy S7. Read our LG G5 review. 4. Apple iPhone 7 Rating: Reviewed on: 4 October 16 RRP: £599 (32GB), £699 (128GB), £799 (256GB)  The iPhone 7 is an evolution of the 6S, so if you were expecting a revolution you’ll probably be slightly disappointed. However, aside from the underwhelming battery life, it is an excellent phone. It’s waterproof, has fantastic cameras and performance, and the new stereo speakers sound great. There’s now 32GB of storage as a minimum, which helps to mitigate the higher prices. If you have an iPhone 6s, it’s hard to justify upgrading (even for some people with a 6) but if you’re out of contract and want a small phone, it’s the best Apple has made yet. Read our Apple iPhone 7 review. 5. OnePlus 3T Rating: Reviewed on: 10 February 17 RRP: From £399 Buy from OnePlus The OnePlus 3T will be unfairly compared, for now at least, to the phone that came before it. So let’s ignore it. On its own, the OnePlus 3T is everything a modern smartphone should be; slim, fast, and responsive, with above average battery life and cameras that produce stunning images. And then there’s the price. OnePlus may not like being known for it, but £399 remains an absolutely amazing price point for the phone on offer. As long as you don’t want an iPhone, this Android handset stands side by side with the Samsung Galaxy S7 as the best example of a smartphone on the market today – once we’ve all got over that it came a little sooner than we had expected. Read our OnePlus 3T review. 6. Xiaomi Mi5s Rating: Reviewed on: 29 November 16 RRP: £282.75 Buy from GearBest We cannot recommend the Xiaomi Mi5s enough. This is the smartphone every 2016 flagship wanted to be, and it comes with a price tag half that of theirs. Fantastic build quality, fantastic performance, fantastic storage, battery and connectivity options - the Xiaomi Mi5s gets a big thumbs-up from us. Read our Xiaomi Mi5s review. 7. Google Pixel Rating: Reviewed on: 9 December 16 RRP: £599 inc VAT The Pixel has plenty going for it: it’s small, well built, speedy and has excellent cameras. It also supports Google’s Daydream VR headset and runs the plain version of Android 7 – complete with Google Assistant - and will get timely updates. But it isn’t waterproof, doesn’t have a microSD slot or stereo speakers and we’d have preferred a quad-HD screen for VR use at this price. If those downsides don’t bother you, and the OnePlus 3T is too large, then the Pixel is a fine choice and a great Android phone. Read our Google Pixel review. 8. Apple iPhone 7 Plus Rating: Reviewed on: 19 October 16 RRP: £719 (32GB); £819 (128GB); £919 (256GB)   The iPhone 7 Plus is an excellent phone. It’s Apple’s best yet, but it is also Apple’s most expensive yet, with a huge starting price. In some respects, the upgrades seem to justify this, but at the same time some features are arguably only catching up with what the competition has been offering for a while now – water-resistance for one. Taken as a whole, the performance, battery life, camera quality and stereo speakers are all compelling reasons to upgrade. But our advice remains much the same as for the iPhone 7: if you already own the previous generation, there’s not enough here to justify ditching a 6S Plus, especially if you’re halfway through a two-year contract. Those just coming out of contract on the iPhone 6 or 6 Plus would do well to grab a 7 Plus.   Read our Apple iPhone 7 Plus review. 9. Huawei Mate 9 Rating: Reviewed on: 12 January 17 RRP: £599.99 Huawei’s Mate 9 is, in our opinion, the best in the Huawei line-up, boasting an impressively large battery alongside powerful internals, an improved dual-camera setup and a sleek, gorgeous design. The benchmark results were some of the best we've seen, bringing excellent value for money. EMUI 5 makes a huge difference to the overall experience too, and we can’t wait to see whether Huawei’s new technology will actually improve the performance of the smartphone over time. Read our Huawei Mate 9 review. 10. Google Nexus 6P Rating: Reviewed on: 28 April 16 RRP: From £449 inc VAT Originally, Nexus phones stood out for being excellent value at a price that was low, but not the lowest. They weren't an alternative to flagship phones, but they had the advantage of running stock Android and getting the next version more quickly. The 6P, though, is not only a flagship, but is arguably the best Android phone to buy at the moment. It won't suit everyone due to its size, nor those looking for a phone with dual-SIM slots or a removable battery. There's no support for wireless charging either. But the excellent screen, front-firing speakers, quick charging, great cameras, speedy performance and Android Marshmallow add up to make this a phone that's a pleasure to use. And yes, it's also cheaper than its rivals, so unless you think it's worth shelling out extra on the Note 5, Galaxy S6 Edge+ or iPhone 6S Plus, the Nexus 6P is the one to buy. Read our Google Nexus 6P review. 11. HTC 10 Rating: Reviewed on: 24 January 17 RRP: £569 inc. VAT There's a lot to like with the new HTC 10 including a number of hardware upgrades across screen, camera and audio, plus a Nexus-like stock Android experience. However, we're not totally sold on the design and it's tough at the top these days. While the HTC 10 is a solidly good phone and a respectible upgrade for M9 owners, it doesn't blow the competition out of the water. The features which appeal the most are more niche than mass market. Read our HTC 10 review. 12. Xiaomi Mi Note 2 Rating: Reviewed on: 8 December 16 RRP: £472.99 Buy from GearBest The Mi Note 2 was wrongly overshadowed at its launch. This is a gorgeous big-screen Android phone with very decent performance, a great camera and plenty of storage. We'd like to see a Quad-HD screen on Xiaomi's flagship phone, but this one should prove plenty sharp and clear. Google apps are not preinstalled, but there is a workaround if you are happy to do some tweaking. Read our Xiaomi Mi Note 2 review. 13. Huawei P9 Rating: Reviewed on: 27 April 16 RRP: £449 When comparing the P9 to other flagships, it’s important to remember the £449 price which makes it considerably cheaper than many of its rivals (but not the identically priced Nexus 6P that's also made by Huawei). Overall, we're impressed with the phone: it's well built, feels good and looks good. The cameras aren't the absolute best out there, it doesn't top the charts in game tests and the screen isn't Quad HD, but these minor quibbles are outweighed not only by the price but also because, unlike the Nexus, the P9 lets you stick in a microSD card to expand the storage. If you can afford it, the Galaxy S7 is a better phone overall, but this is a great choice if you can't. Read our Huawei P9 review. 14. iPhone 6s Plus Rating: Reviewed on: 9 September 16 RRP: From £619 inc VAT The iPhone 6S Plus is a remarkable phone, and it's still a fantastic phone 12 months on. The 16GB model has finally been banished and the new minimum storage of 32GB should be workable for a lot of people. 3D Touch can sound gimmicky, but it’s absolutely not. It requires effort to force yourself to use it to begin with, but it quickly becomes second nature and app developers have put it to use in apps and games. Read our iPhone 6s Plus review. 15. Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Rating: Reviewed on: 15 October 15 RRP: £484.99 Buy from Samsung So, what do we think of the Galaxy Note 5? We’re very fond of just about every aspect of the Galaxy Note 5, from its curved and sleek design to its vibrant display and high-resolution camera. It can handle almost anything you can throw at it thanks to its CPU, GPU and 4GB of RAM and we experienced no lag during our testing. The only bad point is that the Note 5 would sometimes falsely detect the S Pen detaching – and to point out such a minor fault says a lot about the quality of the handset. With this being said, we’re both surprised and sad that the Galaxy Note 5 won’t be heading to UK shores any time soon. Read our Samsung Galaxy Note 5 review. 16. Honor 8 Rating: Reviewed on: 5 September 16 RRP: £369.99 inc VAT The Honor 8 is a fantastic smartphone, but the price has gone up from the Honor 7. In return for the additional expense you get a fantastic dual-camera, a sleek and stylish design, a faster fingerprint sensor and a beautiful display, which combined make the Honor 8 a worthy competitor to the OnePlus 3. Read our Honor 8 review. 17. Google Pixel XL Rating: Reviewed on: 24 October 16 RRP: £719 (32GB) £819 (128GB) While the Pixel XL is an attractive phone (if you can get used to the glass section) with decent combination of hardware and software, we can't help but feel a bit disappointed. It's very similar to the much cheaper Nexus 6P and OnePlus 3. You can get plenty of other Android phones for less which have extra features like waterproofing and expandable storage. Sorry Google, but things have gone a bit wrong here. Read our Google Pixel XL review. 18. Sony Xperia XZ Rating: Reviewed on: 31 October 16 RRP: £539 inc VAT The Xperia XZ is an attractive phone in design if you can get on with the angular style and while it's cheaper than rivals such as the iPhone 7 and Google Pixel, you can get better value with some older phones like the Samsung Galaxy S7. While the hardware is decent, we can't help but mention the very similar Xperia Z5 will save you a lot of money. Read our Sony Xperia XZ review. 19. iPhone SE Rating: Reviewed on: 11 April 16 RRP: £379 inc VAT (16GB); £429 inc VAT (64GB) Buy from Apple The SE is what many iPhone fans have been asking for, and it's a great upgrade if you're still using an iPhone 5. For 5S owners, things aren't quite as clear cut. If you're not happy with the 5S's performance, the SE should solve that problem. However, unless you really want to shoot 4K videos, you're not going to notice a massive improvement in photo quality. There's a much bigger jump in quality if you're coming from an iPhone 5 (or earlier), however. Make sure 16GB is enough before you order: we'd recommend the 64GB version for most people. Read our iPhone SE review. 20. Motorola Moto G4 (2016) Rating: Reviewed on: 18 November 16 RRP: £169 Although the new Moto G4 is more expensive than the third-generation, Motorola is offering a Full HD screen, better processor, more storage and memory. Not everyone will enjoy the jump to 5.5in or the lack of full waterproofing but this is still a brilliant phone for under £200. Just bear in mind that the 3rd-gen Moto G is now a great buy at £149 and the Vodafone Smart Ultra 6 offers similar specs for just £125 (albeit SIM-locked). Read our Motorola Moto G4 (2016) review. Tags: Smartphones, Gadgets, Christmas Buying Guide 2016, Android Share this article Share Tweet Send ﻿ Hi. I saw this on PC Advisor and thought you should see it too. Comments Comments Android Wear 2.0 release date and new features: Google lists smartwatches getting upgraded 1995-2015: How technology has changed the world in 20 years Intel's next-gen Cannonlake chips "will be more than 15 percent faster" than today's Best iPhone games 2017 | Best iPad games 2017: 160 fantastic iOS games that you need to play right… SPONSORED LINKS Synology invites you to visit them at Insomnia on 26th – 29th August. Book your tickets now and visit Synology. Tech Reviews Tech News Tech How To Tech Buying Advice Laptop Reviews PC Reviews Printer Reviews Smartphone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearables Reviews PC & Laptop Storage Reviews Antivirus Reviews Best Tech Deals Tech Forums PC Advisor Magazine UK Tech Weekly Podcast: Soundcloud / iTunes Advertising & Partnerships Advisors Android Advisor Apple Advisor Blackberry Advisor Broadband Advisor Business Advisor Chrome Advisor Laptops Advisor Photo & Video Advisor Printing Advisor Security Advisor Smart Home Advisor Smartphones Advisor Storage Advisor Tablets Advisor Windows Advisor About Contact Site Map Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Cookies Follow PC Advisor on Twitter Follow PC Advisor on Facebook © Copyright 2017 IDG UK. All Rights Reserved.
gulfnews.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 8 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser.LEARN MORE ? Enter your keyword sign inorRegister now Mobile Site GN Network Aquarius The monthly women's lifestyle magazine offering real solutions for real women. Friday The most read magazine in the UAE. Lively, intelligent and thought-provoking. GN Focus Focused reports on events, business and lifestyle. In depth, insightful, influential. Inside Out An inspiring home interiors magazine showcasing the best interior design. tabloid! The No. 1 source for entertainment, lifestyle & fashion in the UAE. Weekend Review In-depth look at issues behind the news, with sections on people, books and art. Wheels A weekly motoring magazine packed with the latest local and global motoring news, reviews and views. GNTECH Gadget soup for the techy soul. News and reviews with our own irreverent spin Baby & Child From pregnancy to playdates in the UAE Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store Classifieds GNCars The UAE's first stop shop for buying and selling cars. GNCareers Give your career a boost. Find the best and latest jobs. GNClassifieds The site for buying and selling almost anything. GNproperty Region's leading property site for buying and renting. Apps App for iPhone The official Gulf News app tailored for iOs phones App for Android Mobile The official Gulf News app tailored for Android phones App for iPad Gulf News made highly readable for Apple's iPad Gulf News mobile Fast, lightweight, perfect for mobile browsing SMS alerts The fastest way to find out about breaking stories Cricket App Live cricket action direct to your phone Good Living App Hundreds of offers direct to your phone Subscribe Gulf News Subscribe Now Aquarius Subscribe Now Xpress Subscribe Now Inside Out Subscribe Now Wheels Subscribe Now Baby & Child Subscribe Now Quick Links E-Paper Digital version of today’s newspaper, exactly as it is in print. Mobile Version The fast and light-weight mobile version of GulfNews.com. Advertising Guide Get your brand seen in the region's most read newspaper. SMS News Alerts The fastest way to hear about major breaking stories. Goodliving 100s of offers, half price deals, 2 for 1s - and more. Contact Us Have something you want to tell us, a question, or complaint? Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store SHARES TECHNOLOGY February 11, 2017 | Last updated 2 minutes ago ---- 24KGold-- oil--   Hot Topics: UAE holidays 2017 UAE in India Gold Rate Weather Horoscope The GN Store UAE News Business Data Equities Commodities Currencies top stories in Data Dubai gold prices hit record high UAE shoppers go easy on gold jewellery Global gold jewellery demand fell to 7-year low Gold Rate Sectors11 Markets11 Automotives1 Banking Construction Employment Features1 General Investment Media Careers1 Energy66 Retail Shipping Technology1 Telecoms1 Tourism1 top stories in Sectors IEA says 90% compliance rate in Opec output cut Lithuania tourism chief quits over ‘fake’ ads Disney seeks full control of Paris subsidiary Renewables Aviation1 Live Flights top stories in Aviation EU readies to face Gulf carrier challenge Boeing wins $14b jet order from Singapore Air GCC defence spending ‘to rise’ in 2017 Economy7 Property GN Property top stories in Property Moody’s upgrades Aldar rating to Baa2 Inside Donald Trump’s Dubai golf course Meet Trump's sons at Dubai golf club Money2 Visas Analysis2 Sport Opinion Leisure Life&Style Culture Guides Multimedia Your Say In Focus Apple to replace 88,770 defective iPhone 6s batteries in UAE Some users have experienced sudden shutdown and drastic drain in batteries Image Credit: REUTERS One of the first customers holds his phones as Apple iPhone 6s and 6s Plus go on sale at an Apple Store in Beijing Published: 15:19 February 6, 2017 By Naushad K. Cherrayil, Staff Reporter   SMALL MEDIUM LARGE Dubai: Apple is replacing defective batteries in 88,770 iPhone 6s in the UAE that were causing unexpected shutdown, the UAE Ministry of Economy said in a statement on Monday. According the UAE Ministry of Economy, Apple send them a letter saying only specific phones that contained the defective battery manufactured between September and October 2015 in China will be recalled. Apple had announced its battery replacement program globally on November 30. In order for users to determine whether the battery needs to be replaced, Dr Hashim Al Nuaimi, Director of the Consumer Protection Department at the ministry, said that customers can visit a customer service centre or use the following link: https://www.apple.com/ae/support/iphone6s-unexpectedshutdown/. He pointed out that the process, carried out in cooperation and coordination between the Ministry and Apple, is an issue of consumer protection but is not a safety issue. Recall affects only some iPhones Some users have experienced a sudden shutdown when the battery drops to between 50 and 60 per cent and, sometimes, battery drains after attending each call. “If you have experienced this issue, please use the serial number checker below to see if your iPhone 6s is eligible for a battery replacement, free of charge,” Apple said. The batteries are lithium-ion batteries, which have faced a growing number of problems over the past year. Apple previously replaced the batteries in the iPhone 5 in 2013, and Samsung was forced to issue massive globally recall of its Galaxy Note 7 in October of last year. More from Technology Tech start-ups look to Lisbon with Brexit Watson represents a new era in computing Samsung’s mid-range phone has premium feel Standing alone in a virtual world iOS 50% more prone to fraud ads than Android Huawei unveils limited-edition Mate 9 smartphone Why firms fail to transform BlackBerry chases Twilio with app developer kit tags from this storyAPPLE follow this tag on MGNAbu Dhabi follow this tag on MGNChina follow this tag on MGN filed underGulfNewsBusinessSectorsTechnology tagsAPPLE follow this tag on MGN+ MGNAbu Dhabi follow this tag on MGN+ MGNChina follow this tag on MGN+ MGN Also In TechnologyTech start-ups look to Lisbon with Brexit Business Gallery Classic car collectors gather in Paris Look: Inside the most expensive home in US Business Videos PlayAbu Dhabi Ship Building enjoys growing success Strata UAE leads aerospace manufacturing FOLLOW US Most Popular ViewedCommentedVideosPictures 01Now, Tesla is rolling into oil-rich UAE 0288,770 faulty iPhone 6s batteries in UAE 03Samsung’s mid-range phone has premium feel Play Abu Dhabi Ship Building enjoys growing success Nov 24, 2016 Play Strata UAE leads aerospace manufacturing Oct 25, 2016 Play Video: Electronics fiesta as Gitex opens Oct 01, 2016 Play Emirates opens SkyPharma in Dubai Sep 18, 2016 11Images Look: Inside the most expensive home in US Feb 08, 2017 14Images In Pictures: Hatta Honey Festival Feb 02, 2017 20Images Highlights: SIHH luxury watch show Jan 18, 2017 10Images In pictures: Dubai International Boat Show 2012 Mar 13, 2012 TheNumber $3.7bn The figure Facebook's profit doubled to in final three months of 2016 Currency Converter first-currency currencyAEDDinarRupee= first-currency currencyINRDinarRupee Most Popular on Gulf News New UAE entry visa system approved Man who bought No 1 car plate goes on trial Meet Dubai's first female royal pilot Man tried to set himself on fire at Kaaba Jet ski scam costs tourists Dh20,000 2017 UAE holidays Watch: Emirates plane 'chases' Lamborghini Man arrested for filming women in Sharjah 88,770 faulty iPhone 6s batteries in UAE Close Recommended For You Praise UAE in charity doctor initiative!PUBLISHED ON Feb 10, 2017 Artificial Intelligence extends to stock pickingPUBLISHED ON Feb 10, 2017 Trump to Iran president: ‘Better be careful’PUBLISHED ON Feb 11, 2017 Feedback Get The Paper Our Apps Mobile friendly version Our location Advanced Search Sitemap MY GULF NEWS GulfNews.com is the most widely read newspaper, and online site in English in the Middle East. With a daily BPA audited paid circulation of over 108,000, and an online audience of 3.5 million uniques every month, it is your go to source for information on the region. Sign up below to begin personalising your experienceRegister now News Business Sport Leisure Guides Opinion Multimedia In Focus Life&Style Culture Your Say Enter your keyword follow usRssFollow us on FacebookFollow us on TwitterFollow us on google plus Sign up for newsletterSign Up PreviousNext © Al Nisr Publishing LLC 2016. All rights reserved GN Media How to follow Gulf News History of GulfNews Key Dates Community Advertise Print Direct Marketing About Gulf News Journalism ethics Ethics Policy Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Readers' Policy FAQs Open Calais Careers at Gulf News How to find Gulf News Contact Us Print Subscriptions MGN New GulfNews.com: A considerable step forward in terms of user experience
NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE Matte Black iPhone 7 Owners Complain of Chipped Paint [Photos] Apple CEO Tim Cook Says Augmented Reality is 'A Big Idea Like the Smartphone' BeatsX Wireless Earphones vs. Apple AirPods [Video] Solution to 7 Day Cert for Yalu Jailbreak May Be Coming Soon Sprint Offers 5 Unlimited Lines for $90/Month Through March 2018 Robot Perfectly Applies an iPhone Screen Protector [Video] New 10th Anniversary iPhone to Feature Iris Scanner? Apple Campus 2 is Being Built With Astonishing Attention to Detail Apple's New 10th Anniversary iPhone Will Likely Cost Over $1000 [Report] Get 20-40% Off These Anker Products for Valentine's Day [Deal] Apple Pay Surpasses PayPal to Become Most Popular Mobile Payment Solution in the U.S. [Chart] WhatsApp is Rolling Out Two-Step Verification to Everyone Apple Launches $199 Pro Apps Education Bundle in 35 Countries All Three New iPhones to Feature Wireless Charging? Production of the Next Generation iPhone May Be Starting Earlier Than Usual Google Announces Android Wear 2.0, New LG Watch Style and LG Watch Sport Smartwatches [Video] Apple Releases Safari Technology Preview 23 [Download] B&O Play Unveils New Beoplay H4 Wireless Headphones T-Mobile and Verizon Tied in Network Speeds [Chart] Facebook App Gets Weather Forecasts Apple is Still Pressing for Approval to Sell Refurbished iPhones in India LIKE   TWEET   SHARE   PIN   SHARE   POST MAIL MORE Posted February 6, 2017 at 5:04pm by iClarified · 4375 views · Translate Apple has again requested approval to sell used iPhones in India as part of its negotiations to begin iPhone production in the country, reports Bloomberg. The company has asked to bring in used iPhones to be refurbished and sold in India, saying it will have the manufacturing infrastructure needed to make them compliant with quality standards, said the person, who asked not to be named as the matter is private. The request is included in a list of concessions submitted by Apple to a panel of government officials that includes a 15-year tax holiday, the person said. Apple's last request was rejected with concerns that allowing the import and resale of used iPhones would undermine the 'Make in India' program intended to encourage local manufacturing. Since then, Apple has made plans to start assembling iPhones in India by the end of April, according to a statement from information technology minister Priyank Kharge. “These phones still have life in them,” said Anshul Gupta, Mumbai-based research director at Gartner Inc. He estimates that 70 percent of phones sold in India go for under $200. “In India and other emerging markets, buyers cannot afford the flagship model so opt for older generation iPhones whose prices drop.” More details in the full report linked below... Read More Follow iClarified Comments (2) Add Comment whitestraight - February 7, 2017 at 6:19pm Fucking Tim cook is lures Indian to buy his scum..!!Hahaha..!! Poor Indian..!!!! Reply · Like · Mark as Spam apple green - February 7, 2017 at 1:08am What??? Apple do not produce refurbished iPhones!!!! Why are you lie!!! Apple said that they make solar panels and BS from the used Iphones!!!! Check LiamGate on you tube!!! Reply · Like · Mark as Spam Recent Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder News Tutorials Answers Wizards Search Comments Bookmarks Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified Send Us a Tip Contact Us Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder, News, Tutorials, Answers, Wizards, Search, Comments, Bookmarks, Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified, Send Us a Tip, Contact Us Copyright © iClarified. All rights reserved. Privacy. Content.
﻿Celebrity Fashion Beauty Hair Love Lifestyle News Videos Festival Follow Us Celebrity Solo Star: Syd Takes Center Stage With New Album ‘Fin' Celebrity Awkward! Anthony Anderson Reveals His Mother Taught Him About Oral Sex Celebrity Tamron Hall Opened Up About The Challenges Of Finding Love In Interview Taped Prior To Today Show Exit Celebrity 'Orange Is The New Black' Star Danielle Brooks Opens Up About Diverse Female Leads And Beauty More ﻿Celebrity Black Celeb Couples Celebrity Moms Red Carpet ESSENCE Black Women in Hollywood ESSENCE Black Women in Music Entertainment Fashion Dope Stuff On My Desk: A Pair Of Swoon-Worthy Nine West Heels And More Fun Finds Fashion Front Row Divas: Celebs Taking New York Fashion Week By Storm Street Style All The Fabulous Street Style Looks During New York Fashion Week Fashion 14 Cozy Picks To Get You Through Winter In Style More Fashion Fashion Week Street Style Accessories Beauty Products & Tools 9 Irresistible Scents You Should Slip Into His Grooming Routine Beauty Black Beauty History: The Effortless Glam Of Donyale Luna Beauty 23 Black Beauties Covered In Brilliant Body Ink Beauty 13 Genius Solutions For Dry Hands More Beauty Skin Makeup Nails How-To Hair All Of The Stylish Tresses Spotted During New York Fashion Week 4C 5 Easy Tips For Maintaining Healthy 4C Hair Natural 3 Things That Are Probably Making Your Winter Hair Drier Hair Color Tip Tuesday: Monica's Hair Colorist Tells Us How To Get Healthy Platinum Strands  More Hair Natural Relaxed Transitioning Weaves 4C Love & Sex This Might Just Be The Most Discreet (and Chic) Vibrator Yet Love & Sex Ask Dr. Sherry: My Friend Doesn't Want My Advice On Her 'Situationship' But Bad Talks My Marriage Love & Sex The Sexiest Couples' Valentines Day Gift Ideas For Every Freak Level Love & Sex 10 Unexpected Reasons Couples Have Trouble Getting Pregnant More Love Weddings Parenting Relationships Money & Career The Surprising Connection Between Oprah and a $150 Million Art Masterpiece Black Girl Magic SPONSORED: #BlackGirlMagic: Celebrating the Drive for Black History Month Money & Career A Shocking Number of Millennials Are Still Asking Their Parents for Help With Rent Lifestyle Delicious Grammys-Inspired Cocktails To Sip While You Wait For Beyoncé's Performance More Lifestyle Health & Wellness ESSENCE Eats Money & Career Entrepreneurship Travel Black History Month My City, 4 Ways News Poll: A Third of Americans Don't Know Obamacare and the Affordable Care Act Are the Same Thing News These Super Bowl Champions Refuse To Visit Trump In The White House  News Nick Jr. Debuts Its First Biracial Character News Could Tamron Hall Be The Next 'Live' Co-Host? More News Politics Culture Videos “New Edition Story’s” Woody McClain Responds To Criticism About Dating "White Women” Tweet Essence Live Kelly Rowland On Why Raising A Black Boy Is So Special Essence Live Keep Calm: Kelly Rowland's Latest Book 'Whoa Baby!' Will Keep New Mothers From Freaking Out Essence Live Sister Circle! Kelly Rowland On Her BFFs Ciara, LaLa And Serena Williams More Videos 7 Things ESSENCE Live Black Girl Magic 2017 ESSENCE Festival 5 Times Teyana Taylor's Vocals Blew Us Away 2017 ESSENCE Festival ESSENCE Festival Performer Yuna Tackles Love's Greatest Challenge In New Video "Unrequited Love" 2017 ESSENCE Festival This June's Diary Rendition Of 'Lift Every Voice And Sing' Will Give You Goosebumps 2017 ESSENCE Festival LISTEN: Stay Inspired & 'Movin' With ESSENCE Festival Performer Sir The Baptist More Festival 2017 ESSENCE Festival ESSENCE Festival Durban ESSENCE Africa Close Search by typing... Search ﻿Celebrity Black Celeb Couples Celebrity Moms Red Carpet ESSENCE Black Women in Hollywood ESSENCE Black Women in Music Entertainment Fashion Fashion Week Street Style Accessories Beauty Skin Makeup Nails How-To Hair Natural Relaxed Transitioning Weaves 4C Love Weddings Parenting Relationships Lifestyle Health & Wellness ESSENCE Eats Money & Career Entrepreneurship Travel Black History Month My City, 4 Ways News Politics Culture Videos 7 Things ESSENCE Live Black Girl Magic Festival 2017 ESSENCE Festival ESSENCE Festival Durban ESSENCE Africa Subscribe Home News Google And Apple Among Tech Giants Taking Legal Stand Against Trump’s Travel Ban RELATED GALLERY 17 Famous Black Muslims See Photos Photo by Getty Images By Mariya Moseley Feb, 06, 2017 Google, Apple and Microsoft are amongst the dozens of tech companies that have taken a stand against Trump’s executive order.  According to CNN, dozens of technology companies including Apple, Google, Facebook, Microsoft and Netflix, recently filed a court motion declaring that President Donald Trump’s executive order to ban Muslim travel "violates the immigration laws and the Constitution.” Amongst the 97 companies are ride-sharing rivals Uber and Lyft, who both have joined the legal fight against Trump’s order. Reports show that the tech giants involved include Etsy, Dropbox, Yelp, Pinterest and LinkedIn. This motion is amongst much backlash that the new administration has received for Trump's executive order, which prohibits refugees from seven Muslim-majority countries from entering the U.S. Subscribe to our daily newsletter for the latest in hair, beauty, style and celebrity news. The LA Times reported that the companies filed briefs with a federal appellate court saying the Trump executive order hurts their businesses by making it harder to recruit employees. Their reporting also states that the ban would prompt businesses to build operations outside the United States. Related Content Politics The White House Is Confident Trump’s Travel Ban Will Be Restored Celebrity Love Wins: Michael Ealy Shares Photo Of His Wife To Protest Trump's Muslim Ban    The case states, “The beneficiaries are not just the new immigrants who chose to come to our shores, but American businesses, workers and consumers, who gain immense advantages from immigrants’ infusions of talents, energy and opportunity.” Read More More From Essence News Poll: A Third of Americans Don't Know Obamacare and the Affordable Care Act Are the Same Thing News These Super Bowl Champions Refuse To Visit Trump In The White House  News Nick Jr. Debuts Its First Biracial Character News Could Tamron Hall Be The Next 'Live' Co-Host? News Judge Orders NYPD To Disclose Surveillance Of Black Lives Matter Protests News Cynthia Erivo To Play Harriet Tubman In New Biopic Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Filed under: Donald Trump, News, Politics Latest News Smithsonian Establishments Explore How Stereotypes Shape American Culture Feb 10 Poll: A Third of Americans Don't Know Obamacare and the Affordable Care Act Are the Same Thing Feb 10 The Surprising Connection Between Oprah and a $150 Million Art Masterpiece Feb 10 These Super Bowl Champions RefuseTo Visit Trump In The White House Feb 10 This Might Just Be The Most Discreet (and Chic) Vibrator Yet Feb 10 A Shocking Number of Millennials Are Still Asking Their Parents for Help With Rent Feb 10   Previous Donald Trump Logic: 'Negative Polls Are Fake News'  Next For Many, The Super Bowl Felt Like Election Night All Over Again SUBSCRIBE TO THE MAGAZINE Plus, receive digital access and a free gift with your purchase! SUBSCRIBE NOW Sign Up To The Newsletter Get The Essence Newsletter delivered to your inbox! By clicking Sign Up, you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. ESSENCE MAKES A SPECIAL GIFT Share your love of ESSENCE with a gift subscription to the Magazine. Give a Gift! Follow us on Help and Information Our Company Customer Service Change Your Address Contact Us Job Opportunities Internships Media Kit Subscribe Newsletters Give a Gift of ESSENCE Magazine Tablet Edition More on essence Home Love Celebrity Beauty Hair Fashion ESSENCE Festival Essence.com is part of the Time Inc. Style Collection and the Time Inc. Lifestyle Network. © 2016 Essence Communications Inc. All Rights Reserved | Privacy Policy | Your California Privacy Rights | Terms of Use | Essence.com Advertising Terms | AD CHOICES
Email Password Remember me Forgot password?     Log in with Facebook Log in with Twitter Log In news tech & science social media business entertainment life sports     The hyped iPhone 8 'supercycle' may not actually happen Listen | Print By James Walker     Feb 6, 2017 in Technology For months, analysts have been claiming this year's iPhone launch will form part of a "supercycle," a surge in demand that will see a vast increase in upgrades over last year. One Apple watcher has now said the supercycle simply won't happen though. The supercycle theory has been a topic of discussion in Apple circles for several months. The basic premise is that an all-new iPhone design coupled with Apple's aging install base of existing users will lead to exceptionally rapid uptake of the iPhone 8. Demand will be higher than ever, setting new records for initial and lifetime sales. However, noted Apple analyst Neil Cybart disputed the claims this week. Business Insider reports Cybart doesn't expect the iPhone 8 to ignite an explosion in demand because the so-called supercycle won't align with when people actually buy new phones. He made the comments during a discussion with UBS analyst Steve Milunovich on Thursday. "I don't think we can say that the premium iPhone is going to kick off a surge of upgrades where everyone says, 'We want this new iPhone,'" he said. Apple is widely rumoured to be working on three versions of the iPhone 8. It's focusing on adding new features for its most significant iPhone launch yet, the tenth anniversary of the device. The company will introduce a new chassis design for the first time in three years, using a glass back that evokes the style of 2011's iPhone 4s. The three variants of the handset will have subtly different hardware. The high-end premium model will come with a 5.8-inch OLED display and advanced camera optics, representing an entirely new option for iPhone buyers. The current 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch form factors will return with LCD displays. As with the iPhone 7, only the larger version will have a dual-lens camera system. Some analysts have suggested the line-up could drive sales towards the high-end premium model. It's the most feature-filled handset with a significantly brighter display and a superior camera system. Cybart disagrees though. He pointed out that the three versions are designed to give customers choice and spread sales. Overall demand may be higher but it's not going to be concentrated on a single device. "The whole point of this is that instead of focusing on just one big upgrade for one model I think we'll see more ups and downs where one model may be popular among a certain segment of the user base and lead to some nice growth in a particular quarter," said Cybart. It's thought over 80 million iPhone handsets could be shipped worldwide in the final quarter of 2017, well above the 75 million sales during the iPhone 6's supercycle. Back in 2014, people were attracted to the 6 because of its new design and larger form factor, attributes returning this year. There are now far more existing users to sell to, accounting for the increase in sales anticipated by analysts. Apple's strong ecosystem retention makes it probable an existing iPhone user will upgrade to another iPhone, increasing its potential audience. As Cybart notes, not everyone who currently owns an iPhone will be upgrading though, regardless of how many features Apple packs in. Although the supercycle may never materialise, there is evidence that Apple itself is anticipating its most successful launch yet. The company is reportedly planning to increase production of the next-generation iPhone earlier than usual, suggesting it's aiming to have more stock available at launch. More about Apple, iPhone, iphone 8, Smartphones, Mobile   Apple iPhone iphone 8 Smartphones Mobile Latest News Top News Op-Ed: Toronto Stock Exchange index reaches record high as do US markets Trump UK visit could sidestep parliament speech: report French jihadist Kassim targeted in Mosul strike: Pentagon Syria army reaches edge of IS-held town: monitor BlackBerry's next smartphone is coming this month Review: Brett Young charms on self-titled new studio album Special Leaked Trump order would let U.S. firms trade in 'blood diamonds' Boko Haram ambushes, kills troops in NE Nigeria Deaths of thousands of seabirds pinned to warming Pacific waters FDA approves $89,000 drug to treat Duchenne's Muscular dystrophy Corporate Contact Us About Us Advertise Investors & Partners Help & Support Editorial Guidelines Terms of Use Privacy Policy News Links Latest News Live Events News Alerts GlobeNewswire News Global Press Releases 24-7PressRelease.com copyright © 2017 digitaljournal.com   |   powered by dell servers
Menu Home + Nation Abu Dhabi Dubai Sharjah Ras Al Khaimah Fujairah Umm Al Quwain Ajman + News General Crime Weather Transport Health Government Education + Region Bahrain Kuwait Oman Qatar Saudi Arabia MENA + International India Pakistan Philippines Rest of Asia Europe Americas Africa Others Trump Visa Ban + Business Local Business Global Business Markets Economy Auto Finance Energy Infrastructure Real Estate Telecom Aviation Corporate Gold/Forex Shipping + Sports Local Sports Global Sports Cricket Football Tennis Horse racing F 1 Golf Motor Sports + Technology Computers Features Game Zone Industry Mobiles Gadgets and Electronics KT 10 + Specials Year Of Giving 2017 Life Is Like That Humour Junction Idea Graph Happiness Times Abu Dhabi Grand Prix Battle For White House Demonetisation in India Dubai Airshow 2015 Dubai World Cup 2016 Euro 2016 Flydubai Plane Crash Global Village 2016-17 ICC World Twenty20 India Budget 2017-18 Indian Premier League 2016 Mubadala Tennis Championships New Year 2017 Olympics 2016 UAE and India: Ties that bind UAE FLAG DAY Wimbledon 2016 Yas Island - Anime + City Times In The City Newsmakers Hollywood Bollywood South Stars Movie reviews Music + Lifestyle Fashion Beauty Health and Fitness Art and Culture Food Homes Travel + WKND Editor's Note Letters to WKND Editor Editor's Picks What's Hot Interviews Pursuits Bollywood Mindsport Life Coach When Hunger Strikes Beauty Basics Get her look Zapped by Apps Hard Drive On The Road Food and Dining Horoscope A Day In The Life Of It's My Life Personal Trainer People Offbeat + Legal View Employment Sponsorship Visa and Immigration Property Cyber Laws Banking Laws Others Legal Matters Opinion and Editorial Letters + Photos Nation (photos) International (photos) Business (photos) Sports (photos) Entertainment (photos) Lifestyle (photos) Stars at KT (photos) + Videos Nation (videos) International (videos) Business (videos) Sports (videos) Entertainment (videos) Lifestyle (videos) Technology (videos) CEO Insights (videos) Ramadan Rio Olympics 2016 (videos) + Gold/forex UAE Bahrain Qatar + Utilities Prayer Timings Cinema listings Weather GCC Airport Departures / Arrivals Competitions + Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Food Travel Lifestyle Fashion + E-Magazines wknd Inspired Living Style Cookbook E-Paper India Republic Day Parent Talk Supplements Slide Menus Show/Hide Left Slide Menu Show/Hide Right Slide Menu Show/Hide Top Slide Menu Show/Hide Bottom Slide Menu Titles : Khaleej Times SUBSCRIBE COMPETITIONS E-PAPER KT Buzzon Specials Multimedia E-Magazines | Logout City Times WKND Style Inspired Living KT Home Life Is Like That Humour Junction Idea Graph Happiness Times Global Village 2016-17 Dubai Desert Classic 2017 Photos Videos wknd Inspired Living Style Parent Talk Follow Us Sign in using OR Forgot Password? Register Now! Terms | Privacy Mobiles Nation News KT 10 Region INTL GOLD/FOREX Legal View Business Sports Technology City Times Entertainment WKND Jobs Search POPULAR TOPICS Prayer Timings Cinema Listings Weather Supplements| Live Flight Status | Style MORE Listicles IPL 2016 Parent Talk Inspired Living Dubai Airshow 2015 UAE-India Ties World T20 PRAYER TIMES Computers | Features | Game Zone | Industry | Mobiles | Gadgets & Electronics Abu Dhabi | Dubai | Sharjah | Ras Al Khaimah | Fujairah | Umm Al Quwain | Ajman General | Crime | Weather | Transport | Health | Government | Education Bahrain | Kuwait | Oman | Qatar | Saudi Arabia | Mena India | Pakistan | Philippines | Rest of Asia | Europe | Americas | Africa | Others UAE | Bahrain | Qatar Employment | Sponsorship | Visa and Immigration | Property | Cyber Laws | Banking Laws | Others Legal Matters Local Business | Global Business | Economy | Markets | Auto | Finance | Energy | Infrastructure | Real Estate | Telecom | Aviation | Corporate | Gold/Forex | Shipping Local Sports | Global Sports | Cricket | Football | Tennis | Horse Racing | F 1 | Golf | Motor Sports Computers | Features | Game Zone | Industry | Mobiles | Gadgets & Electronics In The City | Newsmakers | Hollywood | Bollywood | South Stars | Movie Reviews | Music Bollywood | Hollywood | Food | Travel | Lifestyle | Fashion Editor's Note | Letters to WKND Editor | What's Hot | Interviews | Pursuits | Mindsport | Life Coach | When Hunger Strikes | Beauty Basics | Food and Dining Banking/Financial Services | Administration | Architect/Interior Design | Construction/Civil Engineer | Medical/Healthcare | Marketing   HOME > Technology > Mobiles The Honor 6X - the premium phone for the people Keith Pereña Filed on February 6, 2017 | Last updated on February 6, 2017 at 10.53 pm Share More > Vote (Supplied photo) Why say no to a powerful phone on the cheap? Being an iPhone-only user since the 3G and having known nothing except Apple, I'll be throwing my bias out the window and appreciate the Android-powered Huawei Honor 6X. Recently released in the Middle East, the Honor 6X gives off the impression of a 'fancy, mid-range phone' - fancy in the sense that this is a phone one cannot treat as a cheap mid-range phone, but rather akin to an Apple or Samsung smartphone - for less the price. Retailing for only Dh949, it caters to people who want the power of a premium smartphone without emptying their wallets. Nowadays, one primary factor that decides whether a smartphone gets bought or not is the camera. People love taking photos and documenting their daily lives on social media through apps such as Facebook, Instagram, Snapchat, and to deliver the message properly a good camera is of paramount importance. The Huawei 6X treats users to a 12MP camera that can shoot full-HD videos. Apart from that, the camera app comes with a wide aperture mode so you can tweak the depth of field of photographs you are taking. It also comes with extra features such as time-lapse, panorama, HDR, food and "pro" modes for both video and photo. We'll talk about the latter two. Food mode allows users to take appealing photos of their food; today, taking photos of food has become a norm and among the most commonly shared photos on the Internet. Pro mode is where it really gets interesting: it gives you all the features you would normally find in a proper camera. With Pro mode enabled you get control over white balance, the focus meter, shutter speed and ISO. Other than the camera, battery life is also another factor that is often looked at. According to another review made by GSMArena, the 6X scores a 84 hours in their Endurance Rating, which means that the phone can run three straight days without charging. Another aspect that we love about the 6X is that for its price, the phone is very smart. Smart in the sense that it always gives you information about what you need to keep the phone in tiptop shape. It has a built-in optimiser that keeps your phone from running slowly. And the interface is responsive and unlike any Android phone - think that it's a Samsung and an iPhone married into one, competitively-priced package. In terms of other features, the 6X also supports two SIM cards, which are important in the UAE as it saves you the worry of having to bring two smartphones at once. The phone comes with 32GB or 64GB of storage with 4GB RAM. You can further expand the phone's built-in memory via a microSD card. In terms of mobile data the 6X supports 4G bands on one SIM card whilst the other supports 2G. Which is which can be configured in the settings of the phone. Overall, the Honor 6X is a bargain. You get a lot of features that you usually see on premium phones such as the iPhone and Samsung Galaxy lines on the cheap. Plus, let's face it; nowadays it's all about practicality and getting value for money out of purchases. With the Honor 6X that certainly is the case. Below is a detailed breakdown of the 6X's technical specifications. (Source: GSMArena.com) 6 REASONS WHY YOU SHOULD LOOK FORWARD TO BUYING HONOR 6X in UAE 1. Reveal your inner visual artist with the wide aperture mode: Open the camera of the Honor 6X and select wide aperture! Take a picture focusing on an object/subject in the foreground while blurring the background by setting a aperture value (F/0.95-F/16). 2. Photography in the night: Take a picture at night time, or open the camera of the Honor 6X, swipe the screen to the left to reveal mode, select "Night shot" and follow instructions on the screen. Then take a photo of complex background under Night shot mode. 3. Creative Sparks inspired by the Honor 6X Camera: Edit the photo taken in "Gallery", select the "Splash" icon (as show in the right). Tapping the splash icon will automatically convert the picture to monochrome (black and white). Select with a tap of a finger the areas you want to restore colour to. 4. No need to spend hours on your make-up when you can just use the Make-up Mode. You turn on front camera. And now, swipe to your right to see the baked-in camera modes. There you find the Make-up Mode waiting for you to make use of it. It has got themes like Cute, Sweet, Pink, Club, Party etc. 5. High Performance eXperience: The phone boasts a 16nm octa-core Kirin 655 processor and 3GB RAM, providing a 65% performance increase compared to its predecessor. The phone also has 32GB memory, combined with an expandable storage, offering ample capacity to store music, videos and photos. 6. Long lasting Battery eXperience: Honor 6X comes with a 3340 mAh high-density battery, making it the best battery life of the whole Honor line-up so far. The phone also uses a power-saving technology, leading to an outstandingly long battery life. Honor delivers 2.2 days of usage and 1.5 day of heavy usage on a single full charge. Share More > Vote ERROR: Macro /ads/dfp-ads is missing! MORE FROM Technology Technology This is Steve Jobs' last project His last work - Apple Inc's sprawling new headquarters in Cupertino,... READ MORE Technology Over 100 tech giants file legal brief against... The companies including Apple, Google, Microsoft came together late... READ MORE Mobiles Apple may take Dh25.6m hit from iPhone 6s recall... Some 88,700 units manufactured in China between September and October ... READ MORE Mobiles The Honor 6X - the premium phone for the people Why say no to a powerful phone on the cheap? READ MORE MORE FROM Khaleej Times Saudi Arabia Holy Kaaba scrubbed clean after man tries to burn ... According to police, the man had tried to set himself alight with... READ MORE Sharjah Pakistani crushed to death in Sharjah wall... The body has been moved to the forensic laboratory and an... READ MORE General Technician crushed to death by two cranes in Dubai Dubai Police managed to prevent the cranes from falling over and... READ MORE Weather Photos: How Dubai royal family enjoyed snowy,... Al Maktoum family's youth were out with the residents. READ MORE   Popular Voted Weather Dubai to get more rainfall than ever before 69864 views | 6 February 2017 General First woman pilot in Dubai royal Al Maktoum family takes flight 55442 views | 5 February 2017 India Man kisses rescued cobra to take selfie, dies 34053 views | 6 February 2017 Year Of Giving 2017 Dubai-based businessman bails out 4,500 prisoners 32612 views | 6 February 2017 Auto When a Dubai Nissan Patrol beat a million-dollar Porsche 25894 views | 6 February 2017 Saudi Arabia Watch: Man tries to set himself alight at Makkah Grand Mosque 23175 views | 7 February 2017 India Groom dies minutes before tying knot 20368 views | 6 February 2017 Rest of Asia Watch: 18 killed, 2 injured in massage parlour fire 20309 views | 6 February 2017 Weather Photos: How Dubai royal family enjoyed snowy, stormy weekend 18155 views | 7 February 2017 Transport Beware! New radars to spot lane violations in Dubai 13562 views | 6 February 2017 Dubai Honest Pakistani cabbie in Dubai returns Dh180,000; is rewarded 11441 views | 6 February 2017 Abu Dhabi Pakistani driver escapes from burning school bus 8713 views | 4 February 2017 Mobiles Apple may take Dh25.6m hit from iPhone 6s recall in UAE 8507 views | 6 February 2017 General Doctors treat Filipino woman who slipped into 9-month coma 8384 views | 6 February 2017 Crime I was told packet contained medicine, man tells court 8242 views | 6 February 2017 Weather It will snow and rain this weekend in UAE 584 votes | 1 February 2017 Trump Visa Ban Trump visa ban an internal affair: UAE minister 396 votes | 1 February 2017 Technology WhatsApp's new feature tells your boss where you are 327 votes | 1 February 2017 Offbeat Watch: Woman trips over her outfit, drops her baby to death 317 votes | 1 February 2017 Property Costliest property purchase: Indian buys Dubai's most expensive villa for Dh53 million 289 votes | 1 February 2017 Telecom Etisalat offers free mobile, premium TV services 235 votes | 1 February 2017 Kuwait Pakistanis are welcome in Kuwait, says ambassador 194 votes | 2 February 2017 Year Of Giving 2017 Dubai-based businessman bails out 4,500 prisoners 155 votes | 6 February 2017 Weather Photos: How Dubai royal family enjoyed snowy, stormy weekend 130 votes | 7 February 2017 Weather Watch: Snowfall in UAE, temperature hits -2.2 degree 124 votes | 3 February 2017 International Indian-origin mom told to prove she was breastfeeding 122 votes | 1 February 2017 Saudi Arabia Holy Kaaba scrubbed clean after man tries to burn himself 121 votes | 7 February 2017 Travel Now, board your plane faster at Dubai airport 119 votes | 7 February 2017 India Pakistani-Indian couple fight their way to a fairytale wedding 118 votes | 2 February 2017 Weather Watch: Rain hits Dubai, other parts of UAE 108 votes | 2 February 2017   KT App Download All new KT app is available for download: Newsletter Get the latest news around the world in your inbox, so you dont miss out on the action. Accept Terms & Conditions ©2017 Khaleej Times. All rights reserved.   News Nation Region International Technology Business Markets Economy Auto Finance Energy Infrastructure Real Estate Telecom Aviation Gold/Forex Sports Local Sports Cricket Football Tennis Horse Racing F 1 Golf Global Sports Lifestyle Fashion Beauty Health & Fitness Art & Culture Food Home City Times In The City Newsmakers Indian Cinema Movie Reviews Music   Travel Health Offbeat Legal View Opinion & Editorials Letters Photos   Videos Gold/Forex Prayer Timings Cinema Listings Weather E-Paper KT buzzon Inspired Living   About Us Advertise With Us Contact Us Privacy Policy   KT App Download iPhone | iPad Android
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Hot Topics SHLD NVDA Best Stocks for 2017 Top Investments Trade of the Day Dividends More Home > Stock Picks > Stocks to Buy > Here’s How Apple Inc. (AAPL) Stock Can Hit $200 The iPhone is just another passenger as Apple stock rockets higher By Will Ashworth, InvestorPlace Contributor  |  Feb 6, 2017, 11:22 am EST     View All   Popular Posts: Here’s How Apple Inc. (AAPL) Stock Can Hit $200 General Electric Company (GE) Stock Isn’t Worth the 3.2% Yield Should Under Armour Inc (UAA) CEO Kevin Plank Step Aside? Recent Posts: Should Bill Gates Sell His Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) Stock? Should Under Armour Inc (UAA) CEO Kevin Plank Step Aside? Here’s How Apple Inc. (AAPL) Stock Can Hit $200 View All Posts Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) delivered excellent earnings news Jan. 31 that pushed Apple stock to its highest level since the summer of 2015. Source: Shutterstock That’s great news for long time owners of Apple stock who’ve had to suffer through a deluge of naysayers proclaiming its lack of innovation. More than a few have even suggested investors dump AAPL stock and buy Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) stock in its place. Hey, I like Microsoft and I think what it’s doing in the cloud is going to help it continue to grow over the next decade, but it’s not in the same league when it comes to revenue and profit growth. Microsoft does, however, have a business model that’s transitioning from one-time product sales to ongoing monthly recurring revenue, something many observers have noted is happening at Apple. Yes, Apple did sell more than 78 million iPhones in the first quarter, roughly five million more than it sold in the same quarter a year earlier, but it was the service revenue that had everyone in a tizzy. Jim Cramer likened the Apple business model to the Gillette business model, where consumers buy a single razor and keep buying new razor blades; only in Apple’s situation the iPhone is the razor and services such as the App Stores are the razor blades. You gotta love recurring revenue. Cramer does: “What has dogged Apple’s stock for ages, what has kept its share price so low, at least in terms of its valuation, is the ‘Blackberry-ization’ issue,” Cramer said on Mad Money Feb. 1. “The notion that in the end, the iPhone is just a device and device companies eventually get wasted as BlackBerry Ltd (NASDAQ:BBRY) did.” There’s no question recurring revenue is good for a company’s top and bottom line and should be welcome news for owners of Apple stock, but is it enough to drive Apple stock through its all-time high of $134.54 and upward to $200? That’s debatable. While Apple’s services revenue hit $7.2 billion in the first quarter, 18% higher than a year earlier, it’s still only 9% of the company’s overall revenue, or 100 basis points higher than a year earlier. By comparison, Microsoft’s second quarter saw its service and other revenue increased 29.7% to $7.5 billion. The only problem with that for Microsoft is the gross margins are 40% compared to 67.5% for its product revenue, which accounted for 68.5% of its overall revenue. You want your recurring revenue gross margins to be higher than your product margins, not lower; because if that’s the way the world is headed, both stocks are looking at lower profits in the future. Apple doesn’t break down its gross margins between products and segments. Overall, its gross margin in Q1 2017 was 38.5%, 160 basis points less than in Q1 2016. Microsoft’s overall gross margin in its latest quarter was 58.9%, considerably higher than Apple’s. Next Page   1 2 View All View All   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/02/how-apple-stock-can-hit-200/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 7 Dividend Stocks for the Retirement You Deserve 4 Dow Jones Titans Shooting Higher 3 Japanese Stocks That Will Rise 7 Stocks to Buy for the Future of Television How TWTR Fooled the Suckers Again Report: iPhone 8 May Cost More Than $1,000 More on InvestorPlace 7 Dividend Stocks for the Retirement You Deserve 4 Dow Jones Titans Shooting Higher 3 Japanese Stocks That Will Rise 7 Stocks to Buy for the Future of Television How TWTR Fooled the Suckers Again Report: iPhone 8 May Cost More Than $1,000 More on InvestorPlace 7 Dividend Stocks for the Retirement You Deserve 4 Dow Jones Titans Shooting Higher 3 Japanese Stocks That Will Rise 7 Stocks to Buy for the Future of Television How TWTR Fooled the Suckers Again Report: iPhone 8 May Cost More Than $1,000 More on InvestorPlace 7 Dividend Stocks for the Retirement You Deserve 4 Dow Jones Titans Shooting Higher 3 Japanese Stocks That Will Rise 7 Stocks to Buy for the Future of Television How TWTR Fooled the Suckers Again Report: iPhone 8 May Cost More Than $1,000 ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 7 Dividend Stocks for the Retirement You Deserve 4 Dow Jones Titans That Are Shooting Higher 7 Stocks to Buy for the Future of TV 3 Japanese Stocks That Will Rise on Donald Trump-Shinzo Abe Summit 5 Income Tax Deductions You Can’t Afford to Miss Most Popular 7 Marvelous Mid-Cap Stocks to Buy for the Best of All Worlds 10 Super-Safe Dividend Growth Stocks to Buy Today 7 High-Risk, High-Reward Stocks to Buy Now 3 Warren Buffett Stocks to Buy in the Trump Era 5 Income Tax Deductions You Can’t Afford to Miss Tesla Inc (TSLA) Stock Socks the Shorts With the Model 3 Poll of the Day View and vote in our Will the 'Trump' Stock Market Rally Continue Through 2017? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Hot Topics SHLD NVDA Best Stocks for 2017 Top Investments Trade of the Day Dividends More Home > Stock Picks > Hot Stocks > Why Fitbit Inc (FIT) Needs to Sell Itself, But Probably Won’t A sale of FIT makes some sense in theory, given the costs and difficulty involved in being a single-product company By Vince Martin, InvestorPlace Contributor  |  Feb 6, 2017, 12:00 pm EST     View All   Popular Posts: 12 Stocks That Will Live and Die by Donald Trump’s Pen Amazon.com Inc. (AMZN) Stock Is More Valuable Than You Think Why Sprint Corp (S) Stock Is Worth at Least 50% More Recent Posts: Sears Holdings Corp (SHLD) Stock Rockets 30% Higher. Ditch It! Amazon.com Inc. (AMZN) Stock Is More Valuable Than You Think Why Sprint Corp (S) Stock Is Worth at Least 50% More View All Posts Less than two years after clearing $50, Fitbit Inc (NYSE:FIT) stock trades around $6. A series of disastrous earnings reports has sent Fitbit stock tumbling. The most recent was the disclosure of preliminary Q4 results last week, which imply a nearly 20% decline in sales year-over-year in the key holiday quarter. Source: Via Fitbit Competition from Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL), Samsung Electronics Co Ltd (OTCMKTS:SSNLF), and Garmin Ltd. (NASDAQ:GRMN), among others, appears to be a key problem for the company, particularly in the U.S. The resulting decline in growth has had a substantially negative effect on FIT stock. That’s not going to get better. Lately, Fitbit has been compared to GoPro Inc (NASDAQ:GPRO), another company that drove explosive growth mostly off a single product only to see sales nosedive. The question is whether in this day and age, a single-product company can support the expense necessary to compete with behemoths like Apple and Samsung. The answer, at least from Fitbit and GPRO, appears to be no. And that would seem to argue for a sale of FIT to one of those larger players. The problem for Fitbit stock investors, however, is that such a move seems unlikely — at least before it’s too late. Why FIT Should Sell Itself In response to the lower demand in Q4, FIT is cutting costs. It’s laying off 6% of its staff, part of an overall effort to cut $200 million a year in operating expense. That’s a substantial amount of savings, given that Fitbit stock has a market cap under $1.4 billion at the moment. But what’s less important than what is being saved is what’s left: some $850 million in fiscal 2017, according to the company. It’s a huge amount of money for what, at its core, still is a single-product company. Yes, FIT is adding software to create a “platform”, and its product line goes beyond its most popular wearable. But compared to the diversification of an Apple or a Samsung, there’s no comparison. Fitbit has to build an expense base to support one product; its competitors (even Garmin) support multiple products. That matters not only in terms of cost, but in terms of sales. It’s easier for Apple to cajole Best Buy Co Inc (NYSE:BBY) to push the Apple Watch when Best Buy is also selling millions of dollars’ worth of MacBooks and iPhones. FIT doesn’t have that leverage, and expecting it to compete with electronics giants seems simply foolhardy. As for the cost structure, even with the $200 million in reduced spend, FIT is guiding for a loss next year. (That loss excludes the cost of stock grants issued to Fitbit executives, no less.) With one product, there’s no ability to spread out expense for everything from salespeople to R&D to IT. FIT is likely going to spend $240 million in 2016 just on sales and marketing — for one product! That expense rose 23% through the first three quarters — the cost of trying to be David against multiple Goliaths. But the story seems likely to end much more poorly for Fitbit stock. Why Fitbit Stock Won’t Sell Itself From that standpoint, a sale of FIT stock to a larger player would seem to make sense. Apple, Samsung or Garmin all would make sense. The Fitbit brand remains strong, and an acquirer almost certainly could cut hundreds of millions of dollars itself. A slimmer (pardon the pun) FIT would thus add a nice amount of profit, even assuming a premium paid to acquire Fitbit stock. There are a couple of problems with this scenario. The first is that Fitbit stock has a dual-class system. FIT is thus controlled basically by its two founders and venture capital firm True Ventures. One of those founders, CEO James Park, said in the release accompanying the preliminary fourth-quarter figures that the company simply was in “a temporary slowdown and transition period”. Next Page   1 2 View All View All   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/02/fitbit-inc-fit-needs-sell-itself-probably-wont/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 7 Dividend Stocks for the Retirement You Deserve 4 Dow Jones Titans Shooting Higher 3 Japanese Stocks That Will Rise 7 Stocks to Buy for the Future of Television How TWTR Fooled the Suckers Again Report: iPhone 8 May Cost More Than $1,000 More on InvestorPlace 7 Dividend Stocks for the Retirement You Deserve 4 Dow Jones Titans Shooting Higher 3 Japanese Stocks That Will Rise 7 Stocks to Buy for the Future of Television How TWTR Fooled the Suckers Again Report: iPhone 8 May Cost More Than $1,000 More on InvestorPlace 7 Dividend Stocks for the Retirement You Deserve 4 Dow Jones Titans Shooting Higher 3 Japanese Stocks That Will Rise 7 Stocks to Buy for the Future of Television How TWTR Fooled the Suckers Again Report: iPhone 8 May Cost More Than $1,000 More on InvestorPlace 7 Dividend Stocks for the Retirement You Deserve 4 Dow Jones Titans Shooting Higher 3 Japanese Stocks That Will Rise 7 Stocks to Buy for the Future of Television How TWTR Fooled the Suckers Again Report: iPhone 8 May Cost More Than $1,000 ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 7 Dividend Stocks for the Retirement You Deserve 4 Dow Jones Titans That Are Shooting Higher 7 Stocks to Buy for the Future of TV 3 Japanese Stocks That Will Rise on Donald Trump-Shinzo Abe Summit 5 Income Tax Deductions You Can’t Afford to Miss Most Popular 7 Marvelous Mid-Cap Stocks to Buy for the Best of All Worlds 10 Super-Safe Dividend Growth Stocks to Buy Today 7 High-Risk, High-Reward Stocks to Buy Now 3 Warren Buffett Stocks to Buy in the Trump Era 5 Income Tax Deductions You Can’t Afford to Miss Tesla Inc (TSLA) Stock Socks the Shorts With the Model 3 Poll of the Day View and vote in our Will the 'Trump' Stock Market Rally Continue Through 2017? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
NFC World Knowledge Centre » Saturday 11 February 2017 |   NFC World News and analysis on the emerging technologies transforming how consumers choose what to buy, who to buy from, and how to pay   Skip to content Home About NFC World Contact us Contribute Advertise Got a tip? News Knowledge Centre Explore… Webinars White papers About the NFC World Knowledge Centre More resources NFC phones list Does my phone have NFC? News by company News by country News by date NFC stock and investment Got a story? Tell us! Events Partner news Ask the Experts Our partners Hot topics NFC Mobile payments HCE Tokenization Apple Pay India IoT Feedback   Swatch to build OS for smartwatches Australia’s retailers join the banks in their battle with Apple Pay Apple Pay boss claims Australians will be ‘happy to switch banks’ for the mobile payments service ING Direct and Macquarie Bank to add Apple Pay in Australia Schiphol Airport tests facial recognition to speed up boarding   Explore: ANZ Apple Australian Competition and Consumer Commission Bendigo Bank Commonwealth Bank of Australia National Australia Bank Westpac   Apple accuses Australian banks of Apple Pay transaction fee ‘trojan horse’ By Rian Boden • nfcworld.com • Published 6 February 2017, 16:49 • Last updated 6 February 2017, 16:49 Australian banks are using fees on Apple Pay transactions as a “trojan horse” to discourage the use of its mobile payments service and to condition consumers to accept transaction fees with the “longer term view to setting a precedent for charging for mobile payments on other digital wallets,” Apple claims in its latest submission to the Australian Competition and Consumer Commission (ACCC). The submission is the latest round in the battle between Apple and a group of Australian banks comprising Bendigo and Adelaide Bank, Commonwealth Bank of Australia, National Australia Bank and Westpac Bank seeking to “collectively negotiate” with third-party mobile wallet providers over the introduction of mobile payment services in the country. The wish of Australia’s big four banks to charge consumers for every Apple Pay transaction is a way of “introducing and then proliferating a new revenue stream in the digital payments age,” Apple writes. “Apple has previously demonstrated the clear incentives for the applicant banks to artificially bias the development of their own proprietary issuer digital wallets and discriminate against the use of Apple Pay by imposing transaction fees on Apple Pay transactions, while not charging fees for alternative payment methods provided by the banks,” Apple says. “Put simply, the applicant banks have the means, motive and opportunity to disadvantage Apple Pay by pricing Apple Pay transactions above transactions made using their own proprietary issuer digital wallets, to dissuade cardholders from using Apple Pay. Any rational economic player would be expected to take advantage of that opportunity.” ‘Inconsistent argument’ “Apple has been puzzled by the applicant banks’ logically inconsistent argument that they wish to have the ability to charge consumers per transaction fees for using Apple Pay, but are unlikely to be able to do so owing to competition from other issuers like ANZ who do not,” Apple continues. “Perhaps the explanation might be that this is perceived by the applicant banks as a way of introducing and then proliferating a new revenue stream in the digital payments age. “It may well be that the applicant banks have taken the view that customers may be more willing to pay fees to use Apple Pay because of the ease and security of using Apple Pay and, on that basis, see an opportunity to introduce and condition the market to transaction fees for the use of Apple Pay, with the longer term view to setting a precedent for charging for mobile payments on other digital wallets in the future, including the banks’ own proprietary wallets.” Apple also claims that, by continuing to “block or delay” Apple Pay across Australia, the banks are harming smaller card issuers that are limited in their ability to develop their own mobile wallets. “If the applicant banks are granted authorisation to continue to block or delay the expansion of Apple Pay to greater number of cardholders in Australia, this will have a significant impact on smaller card issuers who already, or could in the future, rely upon Apple Pay as a means of securing a digital presence in competition with the big banks,” Apple says. ‘Limit the choice’ “Apple Pay fosters competition between payment card issuers at the point of sale due to the ease with which customers can switch between cards within the Apple Wallet app. This is not possible within the banks’ own proprietary issuer digital wallets, which limit the choice for the customer to only payment cards issued by that bank.” “Apple can perceive no benefit to the public of enabling the applicant banks to charge consumers for using Apple Pay,” the company adds. “The only benefit is the private benefit to the applicant banks to enable them to impose such fees as a means of discouraging use by customers of particular presentment methods such as Apple Pay.” The banks are reported to have responded to Apple’s latest submission, saying it is “incorrect and unsupported”. “The application has never been about preventing Apple Pay from coming to Australia or reducing competition between wallets,” Bloomberg reported them saying. “It has always been about providing real choice and real competition for consumers and facilitating innovation and investment in the digital wallet functionality available to Australians.” Timeline 27 July 2016: Bendigo and Adelaide Bank, Commonwealth Bank of Australia, National Australia Bank and Westpac Bank submitted their request for negotiation to the ACCC; 10 August 2016: Apple spoke out for the first time about the banks’ submission, saying it was made up of “factual and legal misstatements”; 22 August 2016: The ACCC ruled that it would not grant the banks interim authorization to collectively negotiate; 30 August 2016: Supermarket giant Coles put its backing behind the banks with its own submission to the ACCC; 31 August 2016: Apple insisted that opening up access to the NFC technology within its handsets was not open to negotiation with any bank; 17 October 2016: In an extensive response to the ACCC, the banks criticised Apple’s decision to restrict access to the NFC within its handsets, calling it “completely baseless”; 29 November 2016: The ACCC denies authorisation to Australian banks over Apple Pay negotiation in a draft determination. LEARN MORE — Topics: Apple Pay, Apple Wallet, Digital wallet, fee, Mobile payments, Mobile wallet, NFC Trials and live services: Australia tweet  10  share  34  share  6  share  3  print  Featured partner: Get NFC World's email newsletter The top industry headlines by email, every Wednesday. Frequency Weekly - every Wednesday Daily - every weekday, at 17:00 UK time Related news PreviousSamsung Pay to get Amex support for India launch? NextMusic fans pay for drinks with finger veins More headlines... What is NFC World? We report on the emerging technologies that are transforming how consumers choose what to buy, who to buy from, and how to pay. Find out more Get news from NFC World by email Join 12,600+ others and sign up for our free weekly email news round-up: Frequency Weekly - every Wednesday Daily - every weekday, at 17:00 UK time Latest news Swatch to build OS for smartwatches Australia’s retailers join the banks in their battle with Apple Pay Apple Pay boss claims Australians will be ‘happy to switch banks’ for the mobile payments service ING Direct and Macquarie Bank to add Apple Pay in Australia Schiphol Airport tests facial recognition to speed up boarding 3bn digital banking users by 2021 ING customers get iMessage payments Bus operator reports QR and NFC adoption stats Mobile wallet market to pass $4tn by 2021 Gartner predicts 20.4bn connected ‘things’ by 2020 LG to abandon mobile payments platform plans? US mobile payment transactions to reach $282bn by 2021 Google unveils Android Wear 2.0 and new watch with support for NFC mobile payments Singapore’s Nets network moves to mobile payments ‘World first’ plastic NFC tag opens up new possibilities for NFC deployments PayPal launches Slack payments bot Chinese mobile payments rise for Lunar New Year Rakuten Pay to support 14 e-money services Three in 10 use mobile for Pay with Amazon purchases Samsung Pay goes live in Thailand Subscribe, follow, stay in touch Follow @nfcw on Twitter Join the NFC World group on LinkedIn Get our email newsletter NFC World on Google+ NFC World on Facebook RSS news feed   Back to top About Contact us Ask us anything! Comment policy Advertise with us Media centre Privacy and cookies Legal Copyright © 2008-2017 SJB Research Ltd. All rights reserved.   Cookies help us deliver our services. By using our services, you agree to our use of cookies. Got it Learn more
Apple joins 96 other companies in filing legal brief to oppose immigration order | iLounge News iLounge Search NEW NEWS Sort by Category Recent Comments RSS Feed Submit News/Tip Archives Security researcher discovers Apple retains… Report: Apple addressing heat dissipation… Tim Cook discusses immigration ban, Steve… Report: 2017 ‘10th Anniversary’… EPIX launches Apple TV app Apple hires former Amazon, Netflix executive… REVIEWS + ACCESSORIES Recent Reviews Browse by Category iPhone Accessories iPad Accessories Apple Watch Accessories Speakers Headphones HomeKit Accessories Forum iLounge Books & Guides Submit a Product Revogi Smart Lightbulb, Smart Lightstrip,… Audeze iSine10 In-Ear Headphones MOCACARE MOCACuff Connected Blood Pressure… Apple AirPods Elgato Eve Motion Olloclip Core Lens Set for iPhone 7/7 Plus FEATURES Ask iLounge Best of the Year Awards Editorials Features Interviews Tutorials Reports Backstage Top Five: The Best Products for Building… Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of… Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of… Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of… Inside the betas: iOS 10 Photos gets Advanced… Inside the betas: iOS 10 Music app delivers… GEAR Apple Watch Bands Bags Batteries Car Mounts Fitness Screen Protectors Mophie Juice Pack Air for iPhone 7 and iPhone… Henge Docks Gravitas Distil Union Wally Ether for iPhone 7 and… Just Mobile AluCharge USB Charger Griffin Pencil Sleeve for Apple Pencil Nomad Vulcanized LSR Silicone Strap for Apple… MAC Macs Apps Cases Speakers Cameras Furniture Decor Mounts Extras Microsoft Office (Feb. 2017 update) Scosche USB-C Digital AV Multiport Adapter Twelve South MagicBridge Zoho Notebook Apple Logic Pro X 10.3 Fingerlab Yuri HELP! Help! Links Forums Ask iLounge Tips Tutorials Apple Support Links FAQs iLounge Books & Guides Company Directory Selecting the best network connection for… Managing iMessage Apps in iOS 10 Customizing the Library View in the iOS 10… Checking Activation Lock Status before purchasing… Sorting Playlists, Songs, and Albums in the… Enabling Star Ratings in the iOS 10.2 Music… DEALS iLounge Deals brings our readers exclusive deals on gadgets, iOS accessories, consumer tech software, e-learning, and more, with a wide range of products and new deals added daily. Daily Deal: Airy YouTube Video Downloader,… Daily Deal: Zendure 40W Max A-Series 4-Port… Daily Deal: Polaroid University, 5-Yr Subscription Daily Deal: Pay What You Want — 2017 Superstar… Daily Deal: LimeLens Universal Smartphone… Daily Deal: Braven 705 Bluetooth Speaker GALLERIES FORUMS iPod, iPhone & iPad Problems & Solutions Accessories iTunes & other software Filling Your Device Community Search Forums SHOP ABOUT US The Team Advertise Contact Us Submit App News Submit News News Apple joins 96 other companies in filing legal brief to oppose immigration order By Dan Pye ● 5 days ago Apple and 96 other companies have joined together to file an amicus brief opposing President Donald Trump’s executive order on immigration, Bloomberg reports. The companies filed the brief with the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals Sunday night, accelerating their timeline after legal challenges began to mount over the weekend, according to sources familiar with the process. “Immigrants make many of the Nation’s greatest discoveries, and create some of the country’s most innovative and iconic companies,” the brief reads. In an interview last week, Tim Cook said he was in contact with senior White House officials about the order and claimed Apple was considering its legal options. It’s unclear whether the amicus brief is the end of Apple’s legal work against the order, but Cook said the company’s legal, human resources and security staff are working to mitigate the damage already done to existing employees. Several large tech companies, including Microsoft and Alphabet, are reportedly planning to release an open letter to Trump offering help in fixing the immigration order. “We share your goal of ensuring that our immigration system meets today’s security needs and keeps our country safe,” said a draft of that letter received by Bloomberg. “We are concerned, however, that your recent Executive Order will affect many visa holders who work hard here in the United States and contribute to our country’s success.” Comments « Apple responds to Australian banks over Apple Pay Daily Deal: LimeLens Universal Smartphone Camera Lens Set » Related Stories Apple CEO Tim Cook meets with UK Prime Minister Theresa May Tim Cook discusses immigration ban, Steve Jobs’ influence at ‘Fireside Chat’ Apple developing new ‘Ultra Accessory Connector’ for Made-for-iPhone accessories (Update: No) Apple patents ‘dual mode headphones’ that transform into standalone speaker Apple releases second betas for iOS 10.3, tvOS 10.2, and watchOS 3.2 to developers Apple negotiating to sell used iPhones in India after earlier denial Subscribe to iLounge Weekly Recent News Security researcher discovers Apple retains deleted browser history in iCloud Report: Apple addressing heat dissipation challenges in ‘iPhone X’ design Apple CEO Tim Cook meets with UK Prime Minister Theresa May Tim Cook discusses immigration ban, Steve Jobs’ influence at ‘Fireside Chat’ Report: 2017 ‘10th Anniversary’ special edition iPhone could be priced above $1,000 EPIX launches Apple TV app Apple hires former Amazon, Netflix executive to run Apple TV marketing Iovine: Apple’s original content strategy ‘has nothing to do with what Netflix is doing’ Apple makes App Launch, other features available to Apple TV accessory makers Apple developing new ‘Ultra Accessory Connector’ for Made-for-iPhone accessories (Update: No) Recent Reviews Revogi Smart Lightbulb, Smart Lightstrip, Smart Candle + Smart Meter Plug Audeze iSine10 In-Ear Headphones MOCACARE MOCACuff Connected Blood Pressure Monitor Apple AirPods Elgato Eve Motion Olloclip Core Lens Set for iPhone 7/7 Plus Logitech Pop Home Switch Starter Pack Elgato Eve Light Switch iHome iPLWBT5 Docking Clock Radio for iPhone and Apple Watch Brydge 12.9 iPad Pro Keyboard Recent Articles Top Five: The Best Products for Building a Smart Home with HomeKit Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of watchOS 3 Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of tvOS 10 Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of iOS 10 Inside the betas: iOS 10 Photos gets Advanced Computer Vision Inside the betas: iOS 10 Music app delivers ‘clarity and simplicity’ Inside the betas: iOS 10 Maps gets a major redesign Inside the betas: iOS 10 shakes up the user experience Inside the betas: watchOS 3 promises a real speed boost Inside the betas: A sneak peek at what’s new in tvOS 10 Win Subscribe Buy ADVERTISE | CONTACT US Search Sign up for the iLounge Weekly Newsletter iLounge is an independent resource for all things iPod, iPhone, iPad, and beyond. iPod, iPhone, iPad, iTunes, Apple TV, Mac, and the Apple logo are trademarks of Apple Inc. iLounge is © 2001 - 2017 iLounge, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
Apple responds to Australian banks over Apple Pay | iLounge News iLounge Search NEW NEWS Sort by Category Recent Comments RSS Feed Submit News/Tip Archives Security researcher discovers Apple retains… Report: Apple addressing heat dissipation… Tim Cook discusses immigration ban, Steve… Report: 2017 ‘10th Anniversary’… EPIX launches Apple TV app Apple hires former Amazon, Netflix executive… REVIEWS + ACCESSORIES Recent Reviews Browse by Category iPhone Accessories iPad Accessories Apple Watch Accessories Speakers Headphones HomeKit Accessories Forum iLounge Books & Guides Submit a Product Revogi Smart Lightbulb, Smart Lightstrip,… Audeze iSine10 In-Ear Headphones MOCACARE MOCACuff Connected Blood Pressure… Apple AirPods Elgato Eve Motion Olloclip Core Lens Set for iPhone 7/7 Plus FEATURES Ask iLounge Best of the Year Awards Editorials Features Interviews Tutorials Reports Backstage Top Five: The Best Products for Building… Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of… Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of… Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of… Inside the betas: iOS 10 Photos gets Advanced… Inside the betas: iOS 10 Music app delivers… GEAR Apple Watch Bands Bags Batteries Car Mounts Fitness Screen Protectors Mophie Juice Pack Air for iPhone 7 and iPhone… Henge Docks Gravitas Distil Union Wally Ether for iPhone 7 and… Just Mobile AluCharge USB Charger Griffin Pencil Sleeve for Apple Pencil Nomad Vulcanized LSR Silicone Strap for Apple… MAC Macs Apps Cases Speakers Cameras Furniture Decor Mounts Extras Microsoft Office (Feb. 2017 update) Scosche USB-C Digital AV Multiport Adapter Twelve South MagicBridge Zoho Notebook Apple Logic Pro X 10.3 Fingerlab Yuri HELP! Help! Links Forums Ask iLounge Tips Tutorials Apple Support Links FAQs iLounge Books & Guides Company Directory Selecting the best network connection for… Managing iMessage Apps in iOS 10 Customizing the Library View in the iOS 10… Checking Activation Lock Status before purchasing… Sorting Playlists, Songs, and Albums in the… Enabling Star Ratings in the iOS 10.2 Music… DEALS iLounge Deals brings our readers exclusive deals on gadgets, iOS accessories, consumer tech software, e-learning, and more, with a wide range of products and new deals added daily. Daily Deal: Airy YouTube Video Downloader,… Daily Deal: Zendure 40W Max A-Series 4-Port… Daily Deal: Polaroid University, 5-Yr Subscription Daily Deal: Pay What You Want — 2017 Superstar… Daily Deal: LimeLens Universal Smartphone… Daily Deal: Braven 705 Bluetooth Speaker GALLERIES FORUMS iPod, iPhone & iPad Problems & Solutions Accessories iTunes & other software Filling Your Device Community Search Forums SHOP ABOUT US The Team Advertise Contact Us Submit App News Submit News News Apple responds to Australian banks over Apple Pay By Dan Pye ● 5 days ago Apple has accused Australian banks of working to “delay or even block” Apple Pay to stifle competition from smaller companies and limit consumer options, Bloomberg reports. Apple is keeping the pressure on after winning a preliminary ruling against a group of Australian banks who wanted Apple to open up the iPhone’s NFC controller for use with their own mobile payment systems. The banks have been boycotting Apple Pay over the fees Apple charges and filed a motion last July requesting the ability to collectively bargain with the company, but Australian Competition and Consumer Commission Chairman Rod Sims said in December that, “While the ACCC accepts that the opportunity for the banks to collectively negotiate and boycott would place them in a better bargaining position with Apple, the benefits are currently uncertain and may be limited.” In its latest filing, Apple claims the banks’ main motivation in opposing Apple Pay is avoiding fees and discouraging customers from using the mobile payment system by charging for their participation in the service. Apple argues that would be allowing the banks “to continue to free-ride on the significant investments” the company has made in its technology. The banks pushed back immediately with a statement, claiming again that their application “has never been about preventing Apple Pay from coming to Australia or reducing competition between wallets.” A final ruling won’t be issued until March, but in his draft ruling Sims said the banks have enough avenues for competition—including the ability to offer their digital wallets on Android phones—to justify letting Apple maintain its hold over access the iPhone’s hardware. Comments « Report: Blogger claims Apple augmented reality headset may arrive this year Apple joins 96 other companies in filing legal brief to oppose immigration order » Related Stories Apple Pay reportedly launching in Spain tomorrow Apple adds four new items to (PRODUCT)RED lineup, games get custom content for World AIDS Day Apple wins initial victory against Australian banks in Apple Pay fight Apple Pay adds support for donations to non-profits Apple’s German website adds Apple Pay support page, but still no launch Apple Pay launch in Japan encounters major problems Subscribe to iLounge Weekly Recent News Security researcher discovers Apple retains deleted browser history in iCloud Report: Apple addressing heat dissipation challenges in ‘iPhone X’ design Apple CEO Tim Cook meets with UK Prime Minister Theresa May Tim Cook discusses immigration ban, Steve Jobs’ influence at ‘Fireside Chat’ Report: 2017 ‘10th Anniversary’ special edition iPhone could be priced above $1,000 EPIX launches Apple TV app Apple hires former Amazon, Netflix executive to run Apple TV marketing Iovine: Apple’s original content strategy ‘has nothing to do with what Netflix is doing’ Apple makes App Launch, other features available to Apple TV accessory makers Apple developing new ‘Ultra Accessory Connector’ for Made-for-iPhone accessories (Update: No) Recent Reviews Revogi Smart Lightbulb, Smart Lightstrip, Smart Candle + Smart Meter Plug Audeze iSine10 In-Ear Headphones MOCACARE MOCACuff Connected Blood Pressure Monitor Apple AirPods Elgato Eve Motion Olloclip Core Lens Set for iPhone 7/7 Plus Logitech Pop Home Switch Starter Pack Elgato Eve Light Switch iHome iPLWBT5 Docking Clock Radio for iPhone and Apple Watch Brydge 12.9 iPad Pro Keyboard Recent Articles Top Five: The Best Products for Building a Smart Home with HomeKit Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of watchOS 3 Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of tvOS 10 Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of iOS 10 Inside the betas: iOS 10 Photos gets Advanced Computer Vision Inside the betas: iOS 10 Music app delivers ‘clarity and simplicity’ Inside the betas: iOS 10 Maps gets a major redesign Inside the betas: iOS 10 shakes up the user experience Inside the betas: watchOS 3 promises a real speed boost Inside the betas: A sneak peek at what’s new in tvOS 10 Win Subscribe Buy ADVERTISE | CONTACT US Search Sign up for the iLounge Weekly Newsletter iLounge is an independent resource for all things iPod, iPhone, iPad, and beyond. iPod, iPhone, iPad, iTunes, Apple TV, Mac, and the Apple logo are trademarks of Apple Inc. iLounge is © 2001 - 2017 iLounge, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
Report: Blogger claims Apple augmented reality headset may arrive this year | iLounge News iLounge Search NEW NEWS Sort by Category Recent Comments RSS Feed Submit News/Tip Archives Security researcher discovers Apple retains… Report: Apple addressing heat dissipation… Tim Cook discusses immigration ban, Steve… Report: 2017 ‘10th Anniversary’… EPIX launches Apple TV app Apple hires former Amazon, Netflix executive… REVIEWS + ACCESSORIES Recent Reviews Browse by Category iPhone Accessories iPad Accessories Apple Watch Accessories Speakers Headphones HomeKit Accessories Forum iLounge Books & Guides Submit a Product Revogi Smart Lightbulb, Smart Lightstrip,… Audeze iSine10 In-Ear Headphones MOCACARE MOCACuff Connected Blood Pressure… Apple AirPods Elgato Eve Motion Olloclip Core Lens Set for iPhone 7/7 Plus FEATURES Ask iLounge Best of the Year Awards Editorials Features Interviews Tutorials Reports Backstage Top Five: The Best Products for Building… Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of… Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of… Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of… Inside the betas: iOS 10 Photos gets Advanced… Inside the betas: iOS 10 Music app delivers… GEAR Apple Watch Bands Bags Batteries Car Mounts Fitness Screen Protectors Mophie Juice Pack Air for iPhone 7 and iPhone… Henge Docks Gravitas Distil Union Wally Ether for iPhone 7 and… Just Mobile AluCharge USB Charger Griffin Pencil Sleeve for Apple Pencil Nomad Vulcanized LSR Silicone Strap for Apple… MAC Macs Apps Cases Speakers Cameras Furniture Decor Mounts Extras Microsoft Office (Feb. 2017 update) Scosche USB-C Digital AV Multiport Adapter Twelve South MagicBridge Zoho Notebook Apple Logic Pro X 10.3 Fingerlab Yuri HELP! Help! Links Forums Ask iLounge Tips Tutorials Apple Support Links FAQs iLounge Books & Guides Company Directory Selecting the best network connection for… Managing iMessage Apps in iOS 10 Customizing the Library View in the iOS 10… Checking Activation Lock Status before purchasing… Sorting Playlists, Songs, and Albums in the… Enabling Star Ratings in the iOS 10.2 Music… DEALS iLounge Deals brings our readers exclusive deals on gadgets, iOS accessories, consumer tech software, e-learning, and more, with a wide range of products and new deals added daily. Daily Deal: Airy YouTube Video Downloader,… Daily Deal: Zendure 40W Max A-Series 4-Port… Daily Deal: Polaroid University, 5-Yr Subscription Daily Deal: Pay What You Want — 2017 Superstar… Daily Deal: LimeLens Universal Smartphone… Daily Deal: Braven 705 Bluetooth Speaker GALLERIES FORUMS iPod, iPhone & iPad Problems & Solutions Accessories iTunes & other software Filling Your Device Community Search Forums SHOP ABOUT US The Team Advertise Contact Us Submit App News Submit News News Report: Blogger claims Apple augmented reality headset may arrive this year By Dan Pye ● 5 days ago Tech blogger Robert Scoble, who previously claimed that Carl Zeiss was working with Apple to create augmented reality glasses after an encounter at CES, is now claiming that the glasses will debut this year. On a recent episode of the show “This Week in Tech,” Scoble said several sources “at the highest levels” have told him Apple my announce the glasses this summer, possibly in conjunction with the opening of Apple’s new headquarters or release of the 10th anniversary iPhone. Scoble expects the glasses to be lightweight and dependent on an iPhone or other wearable device to function. “This is Tim Cook’s legacy,” Scoble said while talking about the project’s announcement. Apple patented an AR mapping system last year, and other reports have cited Apple buying up “small quantities of near-eye displays” for testing purposes. Well-connected KGI analyst Ming-Chi Kuo said he expects to see Apple get into the AR business, integrating the technology into “key product lines” and possibly aiding in the development of an autonomous driving system. [via Apple Insider] Comments « Apple negotiating to sell used iPhones in India after earlier denial Apple responds to Australian banks over Apple Pay » Related Stories Apple CEO Tim Cook meets with UK Prime Minister Theresa May Tim Cook discusses immigration ban, Steve Jobs’ influence at ‘Fireside Chat’ Apple developing new ‘Ultra Accessory Connector’ for Made-for-iPhone accessories (Update: No) Apple patents ‘dual mode headphones’ that transform into standalone speaker Apple releases second betas for iOS 10.3, tvOS 10.2, and watchOS 3.2 to developers Apple negotiating to sell used iPhones in India after earlier denial Subscribe to iLounge Weekly Recent News Security researcher discovers Apple retains deleted browser history in iCloud Report: Apple addressing heat dissipation challenges in ‘iPhone X’ design Apple CEO Tim Cook meets with UK Prime Minister Theresa May Tim Cook discusses immigration ban, Steve Jobs’ influence at ‘Fireside Chat’ Report: 2017 ‘10th Anniversary’ special edition iPhone could be priced above $1,000 EPIX launches Apple TV app Apple hires former Amazon, Netflix executive to run Apple TV marketing Iovine: Apple’s original content strategy ‘has nothing to do with what Netflix is doing’ Apple makes App Launch, other features available to Apple TV accessory makers Apple developing new ‘Ultra Accessory Connector’ for Made-for-iPhone accessories (Update: No) Recent Reviews Revogi Smart Lightbulb, Smart Lightstrip, Smart Candle + Smart Meter Plug Audeze iSine10 In-Ear Headphones MOCACARE MOCACuff Connected Blood Pressure Monitor Apple AirPods Elgato Eve Motion Olloclip Core Lens Set for iPhone 7/7 Plus Logitech Pop Home Switch Starter Pack Elgato Eve Light Switch iHome iPLWBT5 Docking Clock Radio for iPhone and Apple Watch Brydge 12.9 iPad Pro Keyboard Recent Articles Top Five: The Best Products for Building a Smart Home with HomeKit Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of watchOS 3 Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of tvOS 10 Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of iOS 10 Inside the betas: iOS 10 Photos gets Advanced Computer Vision Inside the betas: iOS 10 Music app delivers ‘clarity and simplicity’ Inside the betas: iOS 10 Maps gets a major redesign Inside the betas: iOS 10 shakes up the user experience Inside the betas: watchOS 3 promises a real speed boost Inside the betas: A sneak peek at what’s new in tvOS 10 Win Subscribe Buy ADVERTISE | CONTACT US Search Sign up for the iLounge Weekly Newsletter iLounge is an independent resource for all things iPod, iPhone, iPad, and beyond. iPod, iPhone, iPad, iTunes, Apple TV, Mac, and the Apple logo are trademarks of Apple Inc. iLounge is © 2001 - 2017 iLounge, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
Apple negotiating to sell used iPhones in India after earlier denial | iLounge News iLounge Search NEW NEWS Sort by Category Recent Comments RSS Feed Submit News/Tip Archives Security researcher discovers Apple retains… Report: Apple addressing heat dissipation… Tim Cook discusses immigration ban, Steve… Report: 2017 ‘10th Anniversary’… EPIX launches Apple TV app Apple hires former Amazon, Netflix executive… REVIEWS + ACCESSORIES Recent Reviews Browse by Category iPhone Accessories iPad Accessories Apple Watch Accessories Speakers Headphones HomeKit Accessories Forum iLounge Books & Guides Submit a Product Revogi Smart Lightbulb, Smart Lightstrip,… Audeze iSine10 In-Ear Headphones MOCACARE MOCACuff Connected Blood Pressure… Apple AirPods Elgato Eve Motion Olloclip Core Lens Set for iPhone 7/7 Plus FEATURES Ask iLounge Best of the Year Awards Editorials Features Interviews Tutorials Reports Backstage Top Five: The Best Products for Building… Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of… Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of… Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of… Inside the betas: iOS 10 Photos gets Advanced… Inside the betas: iOS 10 Music app delivers… GEAR Apple Watch Bands Bags Batteries Car Mounts Fitness Screen Protectors Mophie Juice Pack Air for iPhone 7 and iPhone… Henge Docks Gravitas Distil Union Wally Ether for iPhone 7 and… Just Mobile AluCharge USB Charger Griffin Pencil Sleeve for Apple Pencil Nomad Vulcanized LSR Silicone Strap for Apple… MAC Macs Apps Cases Speakers Cameras Furniture Decor Mounts Extras Microsoft Office (Feb. 2017 update) Scosche USB-C Digital AV Multiport Adapter Twelve South MagicBridge Zoho Notebook Apple Logic Pro X 10.3 Fingerlab Yuri HELP! Help! Links Forums Ask iLounge Tips Tutorials Apple Support Links FAQs iLounge Books & Guides Company Directory Selecting the best network connection for… Managing iMessage Apps in iOS 10 Customizing the Library View in the iOS 10… Checking Activation Lock Status before purchasing… Sorting Playlists, Songs, and Albums in the… Enabling Star Ratings in the iOS 10.2 Music… DEALS iLounge Deals brings our readers exclusive deals on gadgets, iOS accessories, consumer tech software, e-learning, and more, with a wide range of products and new deals added daily. Daily Deal: Airy YouTube Video Downloader,… Daily Deal: Zendure 40W Max A-Series 4-Port… Daily Deal: Polaroid University, 5-Yr Subscription Daily Deal: Pay What You Want — 2017 Superstar… Daily Deal: LimeLens Universal Smartphone… Daily Deal: Braven 705 Bluetooth Speaker GALLERIES FORUMS iPod, iPhone & iPad Problems & Solutions Accessories iTunes & other software Filling Your Device Community Search Forums SHOP ABOUT US The Team Advertise Contact Us Submit App News Submit News News Apple negotiating to sell used iPhones in India after earlier denial By Dan Pye ● 5 days ago Apple has reopened its request to sell used iPhones in India during its seemingly endless negotiations with the country’s government, Bloomberg reports. India has already rejected Apple’s request to sell the pre-owned devices in their country, but with ongoing negotiations reportedly improving, the company is making a new case for bringing used phones to India to be refurbished. A person familiar with the matter said Apple is claiming it will open the proper facilities in India to ensure that refurbished products are up to local standards, adding the request to a long list of concessions it hopes to win in exchange for bringing manufacturing to the country. Commerce and Industry Minister Nirmala Sitharaman has previously said, “We are not in favor of any company selling used phones in the country, however certified they may be,” but Apple is still pushing to be the first company allowed to import and sell used devices in India. If approved, the move would greatly help Apple compete with other phone makers in a market where most people simply can’t afford Apple’s high-end devices. Comments « Apple releases second betas for iOS 10.3, tvOS 10.2, and watchOS 3.2 to developers Report: Blogger claims Apple augmented reality headset may arrive this year » Related Stories Apple CEO Tim Cook meets with UK Prime Minister Theresa May Tim Cook discusses immigration ban, Steve Jobs’ influence at ‘Fireside Chat’ Apple developing new ‘Ultra Accessory Connector’ for Made-for-iPhone accessories (Update: No) Apple patents ‘dual mode headphones’ that transform into standalone speaker Apple releases second betas for iOS 10.3, tvOS 10.2, and watchOS 3.2 to developers Report: Blogger claims Apple augmented reality headset may arrive this year Subscribe to iLounge Weekly Recent News Security researcher discovers Apple retains deleted browser history in iCloud Report: Apple addressing heat dissipation challenges in ‘iPhone X’ design Apple CEO Tim Cook meets with UK Prime Minister Theresa May Tim Cook discusses immigration ban, Steve Jobs’ influence at ‘Fireside Chat’ Report: 2017 ‘10th Anniversary’ special edition iPhone could be priced above $1,000 EPIX launches Apple TV app Apple hires former Amazon, Netflix executive to run Apple TV marketing Iovine: Apple’s original content strategy ‘has nothing to do with what Netflix is doing’ Apple makes App Launch, other features available to Apple TV accessory makers Apple developing new ‘Ultra Accessory Connector’ for Made-for-iPhone accessories (Update: No) Recent Reviews Revogi Smart Lightbulb, Smart Lightstrip, Smart Candle + Smart Meter Plug Audeze iSine10 In-Ear Headphones MOCACARE MOCACuff Connected Blood Pressure Monitor Apple AirPods Elgato Eve Motion Olloclip Core Lens Set for iPhone 7/7 Plus Logitech Pop Home Switch Starter Pack Elgato Eve Light Switch iHome iPLWBT5 Docking Clock Radio for iPhone and Apple Watch Brydge 12.9 iPad Pro Keyboard Recent Articles Top Five: The Best Products for Building a Smart Home with HomeKit Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of watchOS 3 Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of tvOS 10 Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of iOS 10 Inside the betas: iOS 10 Photos gets Advanced Computer Vision Inside the betas: iOS 10 Music app delivers ‘clarity and simplicity’ Inside the betas: iOS 10 Maps gets a major redesign Inside the betas: iOS 10 shakes up the user experience Inside the betas: watchOS 3 promises a real speed boost Inside the betas: A sneak peek at what’s new in tvOS 10 Win Subscribe Buy ADVERTISE | CONTACT US Search Sign up for the iLounge Weekly Newsletter iLounge is an independent resource for all things iPod, iPhone, iPad, and beyond. iPod, iPhone, iPad, iTunes, Apple TV, Mac, and the Apple logo are trademarks of Apple Inc. iLounge is © 2001 - 2017 iLounge, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Find out more here.   Archive Budgets Resources Partners Site Map Links Contact RSS Feeds Front Page 5 Days News by Topic International Tax International Law Politics & Economics Offshore Business E-Commerce Investment Aviation Marine Jurisdictions Andorra Anguilla Aruba Australia Bahamas Barbados Belize Bermuda British Virgin Islands Canada Cayman Islands Cook Islands Costa Rica Cyprus Dubai Gibraltar Grenada Guernsey Hong Kong Ireland Isle of Man Jersey Labuan Liechtenstein Luxembourg Madeira Malta Mauritius Monaco Netherlands Antilles Nevis Panama Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Seychelles South Africa Switzerland Turks and Caicos Islands United Kingdom United States Vanuatu MORE Features Contributed Articles Comments Search Tax-News.com Advanced Search You Are Here » Front Page » News » Noonan Updates Parliament On Apple State Aid Case Close Password Reminder Please enter your email address to receive a password reminder.   Log into Tax-News+ Not registered yet? Find out about our daily news alert service » Email Address:  Password:  Login » Forgotten your password? Today’s Top Headlines » New Record Of US Expats Giving Up Passports, Green Cards » New Zealand Eyes Tax Cuts In Budget » San Marino Should Introduce VAT In 2017: IMF » Tax Cuts, GST Hike Would Boost Australian Economy: IMF » UK To Waive Tax On Deceased Taxpayers' ISA Investments Noonan Updates Parliament On Apple State Aid Case by Jason Gorringe, Tax-News.com, London 06 February 2017 Irish Finance Minister Michael Noonan has argued that the reaction to the European Commission's decision in the Apple state aid case has "painted an outdated and unfair caricature of Ireland's position on tax that is at odds with the evidence and overlooks our proven track record in recent years." In a statement to parliament's Joint Committee on Finance, Public Expenditure and Reform and Taoiseach, Noonan provided an update on the ongoing litigation in the European courts. The Irish Government filed an appeal against the Commission's ruling that Ireland had provided an unfair tax advantage to Apple in last autumn and released its legal reasoning in December. Noonan said that the appeal is necessary for three reasons: to defend the integrity of Ireland's tax system, to provide tax certainty to businesses, and to challenge the encroachment of EU state aid rules into member states' competence in taxation. "It is very damaging for our reputation to be called into question in this way. This affects how Ireland could be treated by other jurisdictions, damages Ireland's credibility in the international tax debate, and inhibits Ireland in pressing arguments that serve our national interest," he warned. Turning to the location of Apple's business operations, Noonan stated: "Everyone knows that the iPhone and other well-known Apple products were developed in the US, not Ireland. Our tax legislation, which reflects international norms, only allows us to tax non-resident companies on the profits they make in Ireland. As a result, the bulk of Apple's profits were not subject to Irish tax." Noonan was likewise critical of the Commission for "attempting to re-write Irish corporation tax legislation." He said the Commission had extended "competition rules into the tax area to an unprecedented and unjustified extent." "By doing this the Commission creates uncertainty for business and investment in the European economy, both in its novel interpretation of longstanding rules and their unfair retroactive application." Notwithstanding the appeal, Ireland is legally required to recover the alleged state aid from Apple. The Commission had previously estimated this at EUR13bn (USD13.9bn) plus interest. However, Noonan said that this figure is not included in the Commission's final decision, meaning that Ireland is required to calculate the amount owing based on the methodology set out in the decision. "This looks back over a 10-year period for two companies and involves over 20 separate computations, taking into account any relevant tax paid in other jurisdictions. The EU interest provisions are then applied to the amounts applying a methodology that is set out in an EU Directive," he explained. According to Noonan, it is too early to speculate on what the final figure will be. The Government has been working with the Commission and Apple to calculate the amount owed, and is "exploring how to place the sums in a ring-fenced escrow fund pending the outcome of legal proceedings." "It would be irresponsible and extremely short-sighted to consider the decision as a windfall for the state," he said. Noonan added: "Based on the Commission's view that the recovery sums may be reduced if other countries were to require Apple to pay more taxes, the ultimate entitlement of Ireland to this money in the face of competing claims from other jurisdictions is highly uncertain. We simply cannot spend money that we are not confident we are entitled to." The formal deadline for recovery was January 3, 2017. The Government has requested an extension to this deadline. "Work has been on-going to ensure that the state complies with the recovery obligations and this will continue in regular contact with the Commission to ensure that they remain satisfied with Ireland's progress," Noonan said. TAGS: court | Finance | tax | investment | business | European Commission | Ireland | interest | corporation tax | ministry of finance | tax authority | legislation | transfer pricing | Europe | BEPS To see today's news, click here. Leave a comment ↺ Post Read our Posting Guidelines   Recommended Tweets by @TaxNews1 Stay Updated Please enter your email address to join the Tax-News.com mailing list. View previous newsletters. To manage your mailing list preferences, please click here » Tax-News+ Daily Updates Receive FREE daily updates from Tax-News.com, straight to your inbox. Register Now! For a tailored solution, choose to receive selected news updates for your preferred jurisdictions and topics, with our enhanced Tax-News+ subscriber service. Read more... Network Blogs and Features 4 Vital Bookkeeping Tips for Small Businesses in Singapore » Take the best steps to find ultimate ETA Sri Lanka visa » The Effect Of Free Zones On Dubai's Economy » Setting Up An Offshore Company In The UAE » Closer bilateral relations between South Africa and India begin to bear fruit » Are You Aware of the New 2017 Superyacht Trends? » Get the perfect fulfillment from the best Indian Visa application » could TPP be salvaged as the remaining 11 members plus one? » Planning To Immigrate To Hong Kong? Here Is All You Need To Know About Visa » Ten Most Important Roles of a Company Secretary » Sole Proprietorship: Who should Consider Registering It in Singapore? » Any certainties are welcome in an uncertain world » Chinese investment in Manchester Property is on the rise » London left behind as European investors look elsewhere » Tax-News Jurisdictions Aaland Islands Afghanistan African Union Albania Alderney Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda BES Islands Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory British Virgin Islands Brunei Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burma Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Caribbean Community (CARICOM) Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Republic of the Cook Islands Coral Sea Islands Costa Rica Cote d'Ivoire Croatia Cuba Curaçao Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Dhekelia Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Dubai East African Community (EAC) Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Europa Island European Union Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia Gabon Gambia Gaza Strip Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City) Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, North Korea, South Kosovo Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Labuan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macau Macedonia Madagascar Madeira Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles Nevis New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway OECD Oman Pakistan Palau Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Islands Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russia Rwanda Saint Helena Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sharjah Sierra Leone Singapore Sint Maarten Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands Spain Spratly Islands Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands Wake Island Wallis and Futuna West Bank Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Lowtax Global tax and business portal.   Andorra Anguilla Aruba Asia/Pacific Australia Austria Bahamas Barbados Belgium Belize Bermuda Botswana British Virgin Islands Brunei Bulgaria Canada Cayman Islands China Comoros Islands Cook Islands Costa Rica Curacao Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Dubai Estonia France Germany Gibraltar Greece Grenada Guernsey Hong Kong Hungary India Ireland Isle of Man Jersey Labuan Latvia Liberia Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Madeira Malaysia Malta Marshall Islands Mauritius Monaco The Netherlands The Netherlands Antilles Nevis New Zealand Panama Poland Portugal Qatar Ras Al Khaimah Romania Russia Seychelles Singapore Slovakia Slovenia South Africa Spain St. Kitts St. Vincent & The Grenadines Switzerland Turks & Caicos Islands United Kingdom United States United States - Delaware Vanuatu Global Incorporation Guide (GIG) An intuitive international business, tax and investment smart tool that searches and compares global jurisdictions for the most effective corporate vehicles and structures based on intended use and ownership preferences.   Algeria Andorra Anguilla Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belgium Belize Bermuda Bolivia Bosnia Botswana Brazil British Virgin Islands Brunei Bulgaria Canada Cayman Islands Chile China Colombia Cook Islands Costa Rica Croatia Curacao Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Dominica Dubai Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Estonia Ethiopia Faroe Islands Finland France Georgia Germany Gibraltar Greece Grenada Guam Guatemala Guernsey Hong Kong Hungary India Indonesia Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Japan Jersey Kazakhstan Kuwait Labuan Latvia Liberia Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Madeira Malaysia Malta Marshall Islands Mauritius Mexico Monaco Montenegro Morocco Netherlands New Zealand Nigeria Panama Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Ras Al Khaimah Romania Russia Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Seychelles Singapore Slovakia Slovenia South Africa Spain Sweden Switzerland Turks and Caicos Islands United Kingdom United States - Delaware United States - Nevada Vanuatu Virgin Islands Expat Briefing A free online publication serving international expatriates and featuring world news, forums, events, in-depth country information and reliable investment and personal taxation guides.   Australia Brazil Canada China France Germany Hong Kong Indonesia India Ireland Italy Japan Malta Netherlands New Zealand Portugal Russia Saudi Arabia Singapore South Africa Spain Thailand UAE United Kingdom United States Archive | Resources | Partners | Site Map | Links | Newsletter Archive | Contact | RSS Feeds | About | Syndication | Advertising & Marketing | Recruitment | Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies IMPORTANT NOTICE: Wolters Kluwer TAA Limited has taken reasonable care in sourcing and presenting the information contained on this site, but accepts no responsibility for any financial or other loss or damage that may result from its use. In particular, users of the site are advised to take appropriate professional advice before committing themselves to involvement in offshore jurisdictions, offshore trusts or offshore investments. All rights reserved. © 2017 Wolters Kluwer TAA Limited  
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 6 February 2017 by Military News One Dollar Watch Store 1 USD Buy Now Offers Apple Watch Hermes for Just One Dollar to Lucky Buyers New York, NY — (SBWIRE) — 02/06/2017 — 1 USD Buy, a one dollar watch store that sells consumer electronics and other products for unbelievably low prices, recently started offering Apple Watch Hermes for just one USD to their lucky buyers. Apple Watch Hermes, which is made stainless steel and Jaipur Epsom Leather, is one of the most expensive Apple watches ever made. While the Single Tour watch costs in the upwards of $340 in Apple store and in other stores online, the e-store is now offering the same wristwatch for just USD 1. However, for availing the one dollar watch offer, the buyers of the store need to register on the web store and participate in the lucky draw. 1 USD Buy is known for offering authentic products which include consumer electronics, vehicles, apparels, accessories and much more. The branded and genuine products offered by the e-store are now available for just USD 1 and the owners maintained that the special price offer is part of the site-wide sale. However, they added that one must be a registered user and must fulfill all conditions to take part in the lucky draw. At the same time, anybody who wins the Apple Watch Hermes or any other product in the lucky draw does not have to pay any extra fee for getting the product delivered to their doorstep. The online store now offers free worldwide shopping on free watch and other products available at jaw-dropping low prices on the store. Users of the store can either download the app of the e-store or check their email or inbox to know if their names have been announced as winners. The store also sends a notification to the members’ portal every time someone wins something on the store and for maintaining the transparency, publishes the name of the winner on the Home Page of the e-store as well. “The one dollar watch offer will certainly bring more excitement into the online shopping process as the Apple Watch Hermes and other expensive watches are available nowhere else at such a low prices, said Keeo, the COO of 1 USD Buy. About 1 USD Buy 1 USD Buy is a leading e-store. For more info, visit http://www.1usdbuy.com/ CategoriesUncategorized TagsHome and Garden, Uncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Man Van Move Bournemouth: A Leading U.K Removal Company Creates Industry’s Leading System And Delivery Quality Next PostNext Global Needle Coke Market by Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application, Forecast to 2022 Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts Operation Food Search to Hold Fourth Purses for Pantries Fundraiser Operation Food Search to Hold Fourth Purses for Pantries Fundraiser Keller Williams Realty Memphis Announces Kiana Lee Keller Williams Realty Memphis Announces Kiana Lee Attendee List Released Ahead of RNA Therapeutics Industry Summit Featuring MHRA, Silence Therapeutics and GSK Business Contacts aBusiness contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Enterprise IoT more Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Enterprise IoT Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan My first (belated) payment with Apple Pay: Wow, this really does change everything I would have tried Apple Pay sooner, but my bank didn't support it until recently. Now that I have it, I'm a believer. By David Gewirtz for DIY-IT | February 6, 2017 -- 16:35 GMT (08:35 PST) | Topic: Banking While Apple is banking heavily on its Apple Pay service, it wasn't until this weekend that I had a chance to try it out. Here it is in a nutshell: Apple Pay is totally boring - and may change everything. I would have tried Apple Pay sooner, but my bank didn't support it until recently. I've banked with this particular bank for a very long time. I stay with them because it would be too big of a pain to change banks, but they're not exactly consumer-friendly. In fact, I've often thought that their logo should be a giant corporate middle finger. Read this Apple Pay and security: Could tokenization be the tool that curbs data breaches? Apple didn't spend much stage time explaining the tokenization process that underpins Apple Pay, but the method is seen as one of the most secure and fraud proof payment mechanisms available. Read More In any case, there it finally was. Apple Pay support was suddenly available. More banks are coming on board all the time. Setting up my account in Apple Pay was very simple. You go to Settings>Wallet and Apple Pay on your phone. The app takes a picture of your card, and reads the information. As soon as you add the little three-digit code on the back, you're set up. Some users may have additional verification, but my setup was completed pretty much before I realized it. I went to GameStop to try it out. I had an actual Saturday off without a pile of Monday morning project deadlines, and I wanted to play a video game on my PS4. The store had Dishonored 2 Limited Edition, which included the first Dishonored, a game I very much enjoyed a few years ago. I brought it up to the cashier. As is GameStop's way, the guy behind the counter found the game disk (yes, there are still disks for some things out there), put it in the box, and proceeded to ring me up. Instead of handing him my card, I placed my phone over the credit card machine and pressed the Home button. That's it. All of a sudden, the transaction was rung up. I was surprised that I also had to sign to complete my transaction, but that was it. No hunting for my card, no providing proof of ID, nothing. Just move the phone, press Home, sign, and done. I know, it sounds boring. It's certainly not hard, but it's also not that interesting. Why, then, do I predict Apple Pay (and its ilk) will change everything? What makes it special? The answer to this question is what goes on behind the scenes. When you pay with Apple Pay, the merchant doesn't get your credit card number. Instead, the iPhone's NFC chip, along with Apple's secure enclave, creates a one-time-use token that's sent with the transaction. The phone is tied to your identity, so your purchase intent is verified with Touch ID. Since the code only exists long enough to record the transaction, security of the transaction vastly exceeds that of traditional credit cards. My wife and I wind up replacing our personal credit cards a couple of times each year, because some retailer has had a breach, or some retail location is compromised (either due to a skimmer or an unscrupulous employee). We check our accounts regularly, which keeps us ahead of problems. But here in Florida, if you buy something at a retail outlet, there's a fair chance your credit card information will be stolen. That is simply not possible if you pay with Apple Pay. As I said, because the identity information provided with the transaction exists only long enough to make the transaction go through, it becomes vastly harder for retail fraudsters to capture identifying information, use it to conduct identity theft, or make purchases on your card. In discussions I've had with bank fraud inspectors, it's become clear that credit card fraud is off the charts. This is supported in Verizon's 2016 Data Breach Investigations Report [PDF], which showed that 32 percent of all retail breaches occurred at point of sale. From the consumer perspective, replacing a credit card can take hours and hours of work. There's the long negotiation with the credit card company to get charges reversed. There are often forms to fill out, and you have to wait for a new card. If you use the card for any regular fee payments, all of those payees have to be notified, and provided with a new form of payment. If Apple Pay can reduce or eliminate the incidence of retail fraud, it will be a huge win. It's not nearly as sexy as most of what we associate with Apple, but if we can save a few hours every few months, it could add up to enough time to actually play a video game on a Saturday afternoon. You can follow my day-to-day project updates on social media. Be sure to follow me on Twitter at @DavidGewirtz, on Facebook at Facebook.com/DavidGewirtz, on Instagram at Instagram.com/DavidGewirtz, and on YouTube at YouTube.com/DavidGewirtzTV. Video: Tim Cook: 'We're going to kill cash' Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories CXO Cultural focus helped shape Westpac NZ's digital transformation CXO ​Commonwealth Bank leveraging data to better its customer experience Enterprise Software PayPal launches first bot through Slack app Banking Apple argues Australian bank bargaining cartel is centred on fee avoidance × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Broker Center Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Apple Is Getting Pushed Around in China by Local Phone Brands Bloomberg Bloomberg News 4 days ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Where the Obamas are headed after the White House 15 celebrities who had epic fails as entrepreneurs © Bloomberg News BC-APPLE-IN-CHINA Chinese smartphone brands Oppo and Huawei are tightening their grip on the world’s largest market, grabbing local share and squeezing out Apple Inc. and Samsung Electronics Co. After including Vivo, Chinese vendors held the top three slots and accounted for 48 percent of shipments in the country during 2016, research firm IDC said. With a line-up of flexible- and curved-screen devices, they look set to dominate the market in 2017. A decline in Apple shipments in the fourth quarter highlighted how the iPhone 7 failed to make as big a splash in the face of escalating competition. Quotes in the article Apple Inc AAPL ▼ 132.12 -0.30 -0.23% Samsung Electronics Co Ltd SSNLF ▲ 1,500.00 +100.00 +7.14% Apple and Samsung have steadily ceded ground in China to aggressive local manufacturers since Xiaomi Corp. came on the scene around 2011. Xiaomi itself was ranked fifth in 2016, as Oppo, Huawei Technologies Co. and Vivo phones were the top three sellers, accounting for 48 percent of shipments last year and relegating the U.S. company to fourth spot, IDC said in a report released Monday. “Even though the new black colored iPhones caught the attention of consumers, overall, the new launches did not create as much of a frenzy compared to the past,” IDC said in its report, a regular and closely watched release. Chinese vendors are marketing higher-end gadgetry that appeals to consumers seeking Apple-like quality and innovation. IPhone shipments plummeted 23.2 percent in 2016, shrinking Apple’s market share to just 9.6 percent -- the lowest in about two years. Samsung didn’t even figure in the top five. China had for years driven Apple’s spectacular growth even as smartphone demand elsewhere faltered. But the country’s slowdown, regulatory tangles and -- critically -- the ascendancy of cheaper but just-as-good local alternatives took its toll. The country remains pivotal to the company’s business, especially with developed markets saturated and Apple still exploring promising countries such as India, where price is king and the U.S. company barely registers in market rankings. Apple may regain ground with the next iPhone later this year, the 10th anniversary of the device that ushered in the modern smartphone industry. Apple is expected to showcase the best features it can bring to bear in an increasingly commoditized market. “Apple’s 10-year anniversary iPhone will also likely attract some of the high-end Android users in China to convert to an iPhone,” IDC said. In the meantime, local brands hold sway. Oppo, Huawei and Vivo took advantage of vast store networks as online handset sales plateaued. Along with improved customer service and a push to open their own retail stores, especially in smaller cities, Chinese smartphone makers have moved away from budget devices. Frontrunner Oppo saw shipments grow from a little more than 35 million units in 2015 to 78.4 million last year, IDC estimates. Vivo also nearly doubled its annual shipments. Overall, 467.3 million units smartphones were moved in China last year, up 8.7 percent from 2015. Now local vendors are setting their sights overseas. Huawei, which sells about half its smartphones abroad, is targeting $33 billion in 2017 revenue for its consumer electronics division, which sells smartphones, wearable devices and tablets. Chinese brands, led by Vivo, have already muscled out local rivals in India and are increasingly challenging Samsung, the leader there. “We expect these vendors to increase their shipments in the international market, with India as a key target for these top Chinese vendors,” IDC said its report. Q4 Shipments (mln) Q4 Market Share (%) Shipment growth (%, yoy) Oppo 24.5 18.1 109.2 Huawei 22.9 16.9 27.7 Vivo 21.7 16.0 96.4 Apple 14.9 11.0 -12.8 Xiaomi 10.1 7.4 -40.5 Others 41.6 30.7 5 Total 135.7 100 18.7 2016 Shipments (mln) 2016 Market Share (%) Shipment growth (%, yoy) Oppo 78.4 16.8 122.2 Huawei 76.6 16.4 21.8 Vivo 69.2 14.8 96.9 Apple 44.9 9.6 -23.2 Xiaomi 41.5 8.9 -36 Others 156.7 33.5 -9.6 Total 467.3 100 8.7 To contact Bloomberg News staff for this story: Gao Yuan in Beijing at ygao199@bloomberg.net. To contact the editors responsible for this story: Robert Fenner at rfenner@bloomberg.net, Edwin Chan ©2017 Bloomberg L.P.  Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Menu Topics Biomedicine Business Computing Energy Mobile Robotics 10 Breakthrough Technologies 35 Innovators Under 35 50 Smartest Companies Views Views from the Marketplace Top Stories Magazine Events More Events Special Publications MIT News Magazine Help/Support Log in / Register Subscribe Log in / Register Search Click search or press enter The Download, Feb 6, 2017: Tech Dominates the Super Bowl, AI and Christianity, and a 3-D Printed Spaceship The most fascinating and important news in technology and innovation delivered straight to your inbox, every day. by Michael Reilly February 6, 2017 Three Things You Need to Know Today Recommended for You As Goldman Embraces Automation, Even the Masters of the Universe Are Threatened This Technology Could Finally Make Brain Implants Practical Watch This $100 Drone Try to Do a Bumblebee’s Job The Next Big Encryption Fight Collection of 13,500 Nastygrams Could Advance War on Trolls Recommended for You As Goldman Embraces Automation, Even the Masters of the Universe Are Threatened This Technology Could Finally Make Brain Implants Practical Watch This $100 Drone Try to Do a Bumblebee’s Job The Next Big Encryption Fight Collection of 13,500 Nastygrams Could Advance War on Trolls Tech’s Super Ads Last night’s Super Bowl was, as always, all about the commercials, and technology companies were a bigger part of the party than ever before. Google got things started with a minute-long spot that touted its voice-activated assistant, Google Home (which apparently also set off the devices in people’s houses, thanks to the ad’s repetition of “Okay, Google”). Not to be outdone, Amazon plugged its own version, the Echo, and threw in a teaser for the arrival of its drone delivery service. Airbnb got political, which is a bit ironic given its problems with racism. Hyundai and Intel, meanwhile, each went big on 360-degree video. Even IBM’s Watson (whatever it is) made an(other) appearance, as did services ranging from web hosting to robotic investment advisors. As for the business of Super Bowl advertising? It’s booming: a record $5 million for each thirty seconds of air time proved that cord-cutting isn’t harming America’s biggest night in television—at least not yet. Do you need The Download? Sign up here to get it for free in your inbox. Companies Come Out in Support of Immigration With the Trump administration’s immigration ban on hold since Friday, Tech companies have taken the opportunity to weigh in. News emerged last night that 97 companies—from Apple to Zynga, as Bloomberg put it—had filed an amicus brief in federal appeals court in support of the State of Washington’s case against Trump. Apart from quoting John F. Kennedy and arguing that ban of immigrants from seven predominantly Muslim nations violates the Constitution, the brief states that the ban “is inflicting substantial harm on U.S. companies,” mainly because it “hinders the ability of American companies to attract great talent” and “makes it more difficult for American firms to compete in the international marketplace.” You can read the brief in its entirety here. A decision on the Department of Justice’s appeal is expected sometime this week, after which the case may end up before the Supreme Court. Encryption Fight, Redux Last year’s showdown between Apple and the FBI over an encrypted iPhone fizzled without a clear resolution. Encryption in consumer services and devices is only growing, though, and our own Mike Orcutt examines how things could play out when (not if) the issue rears its head again. Among the possibilities: If the feds don’t want a repeat performance of the Apple standoff, they might instead seek to compel a messaging service like WhatsApp to help investigators read messages written by suspected criminals. Failing that, action could come from Congress or the Trump administration—last year, Donald Trump called for a boycott of Apple when it defied the feds, while an encryption working group in the House of Representatives said weakening encryption was “against the national interest.” No matter where things head next, one thing is sure: this fight is far from over. Ten Fascinating Things That swarm of 300 drones flying above Lady Gaga at the Super Bowl halftime show was pretty cool. But there are two things you should know about it: First, it was pre-recorded, mainly because of FAA restrictions. Second, Intel and Disney have been collaborating on the Shooting Stars, as they’re called, for a while now. They’ve been putting on a show at Disney World, and Intel upped the swarm to a Guinness record 500 drones during a flight over Sydney last year. The company says its system could handle a swarm of up to 10,000 at once. Boeing has announced that its next-generation crewed space capsule, the Starliner, will be built using hundreds of 3-D printed parts. In the last week, the new FCC chief Ajit Pai has quiety rolled back a slew of regulations that businesses fought for years. With policies like net neutrality on the chopping block, we examined what the Internet might look like in the near future. It’s a simple question, with profound implications: Does AI pose a threat to Christianity? So, China now leads the world in installed solar energy capacity. But don’t be fooled—the country’s solar boom has resulted in huge amounts of clean power going to waste. A vigilante hacker has executed a massive takedown of a Dark Web hosting service, apparently in retaliation for allowing child pornography sites to proliferate. France will hold its presidential election in April, and Facebook is partnering with eight French media companies to set up a system for fighting fake news. Can the federal government order tech companies to cough up records stored overseas for use in U.S. investigations? Microsoft and Google have fought big court battles over this question—Microsoft won theirs, but Google just lost. As the center of China’s plans to strengthen its military is a new reliance on the power of AI. Quote of the Day "Everybody is concerned about trade wars. If trade stops, war starts." —Alibaba CEO Jack Ma speaking over the weekend about his concerns that the Trump administration’s opposition to global trade deals could lead to more than just disputes over the exchange of goods. Tech Obsessive? Become an Insider to get the story behind the story — and before anyone else. Subscribe today Tagged The Download Michael Reilly Senior Editor, News and Commentary I’m senior editor for news and commentary, so if there’s something in the news, I probably have something to say about it. I also created our main newsletter, The Download – you should subscribe to it. Before joining… More MIT Technology Review, I was Boston bureau chief for New Scientist. I’ve written about just about every topic in science and technology, and I have a hard time picking a favorite (though as a former geologist, I do enjoy a good volcano story). Subscribe to Continue Reading Uh oh–you've read all five of your free articles for this month. Become an Insider for unlimited access to online stories for less than $15 per month. Insider Premium $179.95/yr US PRICE Subscribe See international, alumni and other pricing options Already an Insider? Log in. Have a magazine subscription? Activate your Insider account. From Our Advertisers In partnership with Alibaba Alibaba Targets the Global Market with Apsara Aliware Platform In partnership with Lenovo Video: 5 Data-Center Hyperconvergence Myths In partnership with Lenovo Video: Is That Data for Here or to Go? In partnership with Lenovo Video: Working in the Big Data Mine Want more award-winning journalism? Subscribe and become an Insider. Insider Premium {! insider.prices.premium !}* {! insider.display.menuOptionsLabel !} Our award winning magazine, unlimited access to our story archive, special discounts to MIT Technology Review Events, and exclusive content. {! insider.buttons.premium.buttonText !} See details+ What's Included Bimonthly home delivery and unlimited 24/7 access to MIT Technology Review’s website. The Download. Our daily newsletter of what's important in technology and innovation. Access to the Magazine archive. Over 24,000 articles going back to 1899 at your fingertips. Special Discounts to select partner offerings Discount to MIT Technology Review events Ad-free web experience First Look. Exclusive early access to stories. Insider Conversations. Join in and ask questions as our editors talk to innovators from around the world. Insider Plus {! insider.prices.plus !}* Best Value {! insider.display.menuOptionsLabel !} Everything included in Insider Basic, plus ad-free web experience, select discounts to partner offerings and MIT Technology Review events {! insider.buttons.plus.buttonText !} See details+ What's Included Bimonthly home delivery and unlimited 24/7 access to MIT Technology Review’s website. The Download. Our daily newsletter of what's important in technology and innovation. Access to the Magazine archive. Over 24,000 articles going back to 1899 at your fingertips. Special Discounts to select partner offerings Discount to MIT Technology Review events Ad-free web experience Insider Basic {! insider.prices.basic !}* {! insider.display.menuOptionsLabel !} Six issues of our award winning magazine and daily delivery of The Download, our newsletter of what’s important in technology and innovation. {! insider.buttons.basic.buttonText !} See details+ What's Included Bimonthly home delivery and unlimited 24/7 access to MIT Technology Review’s website. The Download. Our daily newsletter of what's important in technology and innovation. * {! insider.display.footerLabel !} See international prices See U.S. prices Revert to MIT Enterprise Forum pricing Revert to standard pricing The Download What's important in technology and innovation, delivered to you every day. Follow us Twitter Facebook RSS   The mission of MIT Technology Review is to equip its audiences with the intelligence to understand a world shaped by technology. Browse International Editions Company About Us Careers Advertise with Us Reprints and Permissions Press Room Your Account Log In / Create Account Newsletters Manage Account Manage Subscription Customer Support Help/FAQs Contact Us Feedback Sitemap More Events MIT Enterprise Forum MIT News Policies Ethics Statement Terms of Service Privacy Commenting Guidelines MIT Technology Review © 2016 v.|eiπ| You've read of free articles this month. Subscribe Become an Insider or Sign in for unlimited access  to online articles .
iDownloadBlog Home Jailbreak How to Jailbreak Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Cydia Unlock How to Unlock Unlock News Apps iOS Apps Mac Apps Widgets Best Apps App Finder Tips Tips How to Tutorial iPhone Photography iPhone iPhone News iPhone 6s iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6 iPhone Photography iPad Mac Watch Apple Watch Guide TV Apple TV guide Download Deals Daily Deals: 15% off iTunes gift cards, $107 UE BOOM 2 speaker,... The best HomeKit accessories Let’s Talk Jailbreak 158: The ends and the means The best iOS 10 jailbreak tweaks   skip to main content skip to main menu     BeatsX earphones briefly showed as in stock in select Apple Stores ahead of launch By Christian Zibreg, Feb 6, 2017 Tweet 1 Comment Following a recent delay of Beats X Bluetooth earphones with Apple-designed W1 wireless chip, they briefly showed as in stock in select Apple Stores this morning suggesting either an imminent launch (not very likely) or limited availability later this week (more likely). The earbuds use a flexible cord that lets them hang around your neck when not in use. Announced at the September 2016 iPhone 7 event, the accessory sports 8-hour battery life, a Siri-compatible RemoteTalk with built-in playback controls and a Lightning port for charging. And with Fast Fuel technology, BeatsX customers will be able to get approximately two hours of playback time with a quick five-minute charge. As MacRumors reports, new Apple retail stores across the east coast have gained BeatsX stock, but some quickly reverted to listing them as “Currently Unavailable.” This leads us to believe that BeatsX will launch later this week in select Apple Stores and that stock is likely to be limited at launch. Use iStockNow’s BeatsX activity tracker for up-to-date availability information. Apple’s in-house designed W1 chip, found in AirPods, Beats Solo3, Powerbeats3 and BeatsX audio products, enables significantly longer battery life and smart pairing features on Apple devices. The $149.95 accessory, available in Black or White, can be ordered through Apple.com in the United States, United Kingdom, Canada, Australia, Germany and other markets. Source: iStockNow BeatsX Activity Tracker via MacRumors Share: Tweet Follow: Follow @iDownloadBlog We Recommend BeatsX earphones will be available to buy this Friday, two new colors added New BeatsX earphones with Apple W1 chip may not ship for at least 2-3 months Following delay, Apple’s W1-equipped BeatsX are now available for purchase All BeatsX purchases come with three free months of Apple Music Related Topics Accessories, Apple, Beats, BeatsX, Bluetooth, Earphones, Headphones, News, Wireless Sicheng Xu No updates for Australia market at all… US is getting it on Friday and most likely for Europe too.   Search Connect with iDownloadBlog Facebook Become a fan RSS Get the latest news YouTube Watch Us Twitter Stay up to date Newsletter News delivered to you Google+ Add us to your circle   The most recent headlines Daily Deals: 15% off iTunes gift cards, $107 UE BOOM 2 speaker, and more Is iPhone 7’s matte black finish susceptible to chips and peeling? How to enable and use two-step verification on WhatsApp iPhone 8 again rumored to sport iris scanning and wireless charging Following delay, Apple’s W1-equipped BeatsX are now available for purchase   The latest jailbreak news FingerTouch lets you assign gestures to the Touch ID sensor SmartVPN toggles your iPhone’s VPN automatically on a per-app basis CRSettings lets you apply an image background to the Reachability view Solution to 7-day signing for Yalu may be coming: avoid other methods! HapticKeyboard enables haptic feedback as you type on your iPhone iDownloadBlog           iDownloadblog.com About About Advertise Contact Keep in Touch Twitter Facebook RSS Feed Newsletter Push Notifications Podcasts Let's Talk iOS Let's Talk Jailbreak Site Stuff Disclosure Privacy Policy   Copyright iDownloadBlog 2017. This website is not affiliated with Apple.
NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE Matte Black iPhone 7 Owners Complain of Chipped Paint [Photos] Apple CEO Tim Cook Says Augmented Reality is 'A Big Idea Like the Smartphone' BeatsX Wireless Earphones vs. Apple AirPods [Video] Solution to 7 Day Cert for Yalu Jailbreak May Be Coming Soon Sprint Offers 5 Unlimited Lines for $90/Month Through March 2018 Robot Perfectly Applies an iPhone Screen Protector [Video] New 10th Anniversary iPhone to Feature Iris Scanner? Apple Campus 2 is Being Built With Astonishing Attention to Detail Apple's New 10th Anniversary iPhone Will Likely Cost Over $1000 [Report] Get 20-40% Off These Anker Products for Valentine's Day [Deal] Apple Pay Surpasses PayPal to Become Most Popular Mobile Payment Solution in the U.S. [Chart] WhatsApp is Rolling Out Two-Step Verification to Everyone Apple Launches $199 Pro Apps Education Bundle in 35 Countries All Three New iPhones to Feature Wireless Charging? Production of the Next Generation iPhone May Be Starting Earlier Than Usual Google Announces Android Wear 2.0, New LG Watch Style and LG Watch Sport Smartwatches [Video] Apple Releases Safari Technology Preview 23 [Download] B&O Play Unveils New Beoplay H4 Wireless Headphones T-Mobile and Verizon Tied in Network Speeds [Chart] Facebook App Gets Weather Forecasts Apple Sees First Year Over Year Decline in China in 2016 [Chart] LIKE   TWEET   SHARE   PIN   SHARE   POST MAIL MORE Posted February 6, 2017 at 3:55pm by iClarified · 3370 views · Translate In 2016, Apple experienced a first year over year decline in China for the first time, reports IDC. The smartphone market in China saw 19% year over year growth in Q4 and 9% for the full year. Apple is the only non-Chinese smartphone vendor in the top five. The four other companies include OPPO, Huawei, vivo, and Xiaomi. They increased their combined share of the market from 46% to 57% last year. 2016 was the first time ever that Apple saw a YoY decline in the PRC market. Even though the new black colored iPhones caught the attention of consumers, overall, the new launches did not create as much of a frenzy compared to the past. Despite the decline, IDC does not believe Chinese vendors have actually eaten away Apple's market share. Most Apple users are expected to be holding out for the new iPhone that will be launched this year, and that will help the brand to see a growth in 2017. Apple's 10-year anniversary iPhone will also likely attract some of the high-end Android users in China to convert to an iPhone. Here's what IDC expects to see in China's market in 2017. • Top vendors will continue to take up a larger share of the market while smaller brands will begin consolidation. 360 stopped launching phones under the Dazen and Qiku brands in 2017, and this will happen for more brands in 2017. • Chinese vendors will continue to focus on their international expansion plans. At present, out of the top three Chinese vendors in China, Huawei is the most successful with half of its shipments coming from markets outside China in 2016Q4. We expect these vendors to increase their shipments in the international market, with India as a key target for these top Chinese vendors. • Chinese vendors are starting to launch phones with dual cameras and curved screens. We expect that to be the norm for most flagships in 2017. Cameras will continue to be a key focus in the marketing messages by vendors especially given the strong selfie culture in China, as exemplified by the popularity of apps such as Meitu. • Similarly, Chinese vendors will be aggressive with other new technologies such as flexible screens, augmented reality, and other new areas. In the past year, vendors such as Huawei, Xiaomi, and LeEco developed phones with dual cameras, thin bezels, and digital headphone connectors well before many overseas vendors did. Bold experimentation is likely, even if such technologies might not immediately lead to higher shipments. Read More Follow iClarified Comments Add Comment Recent Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder News Tutorials Answers Wizards Search Comments Bookmarks Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified Send Us a Tip Contact Us Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder, News, Tutorials, Answers, Wizards, Search, Comments, Bookmarks, Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified, Send Us a Tip, Contact Us Copyright © iClarified. All rights reserved. Privacy. Content.
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Trader Talk Modern Medicine Global Investing Hot Spots Portfolio Perspective CNBC Fed Survey Future Opportunities Retail Report Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Pro Analysis Start Over| ‹ Traders bet these 5 stocks will beat Wall Street's earnings expectations Stephen Weiss: Your investment setup for the week ahead Trump's $22 billion wall Intel shares downgraded on concern profit margin may decline At least one analyst on Wall Street isn't giving up on Twitter Deutsche Bank strategist becomes biggest bull on Street Morning Top 10 Cowen downgrades Twitter after revenue miss, advises clients to stay away Breakingviews: Twitter CEO’s excuses look like fake news Buy Tesla before earnings report later this month because sales likely to beat the Street, analyst says Here are the 10 most important stories for investors Thursday morning BMO's Jack Ablin says foreign stocks could outperform this year Hedge fund managers may be too bullish on bank stocks JPMorgan says negative reaction to GM's earnings may be 'overdone' As Apple and Facebook lead Nasdaq to a record, here are the next potential winners IPO reveals Snap is less of a threat to Facebook than feared, analyst says This 'Rust Belt' bank is a great economic growth play, Goldman Sachs says 10 most important morning stories Twitter to rally nearly 40% on Trump, analyst says 5 stocks that will rally on Trump's tax plan, analyst says Biogen to rally on this next $1 billion blockbuster drug, Citi says Caterpillar to rally nearly 20% on mining turnaround, Barclays says 10 most important morning stories RBC tells clients to stick with dividend stocks, names 10 cheap dividend plays Traders bet these 5 stocks will beat Wall Street's earnings expectations Bernstein says Delta to rally 28% on increased business travel Rally in FedEx could continue as global business gets a boost from TNT: Analyst Buy Apple because it may double its dividend, RBC says Tiffany downgraded because executives keep unexpectedly leaving the jewelry maker 10 most important morning stories Breakingviews: Snap IPO draft sounds more like GoPro’s Top strategist Tom Lee says bank stock rally on Trump only halfway through Jefferies says these stocks should beat the market if inflation increases Buy Ford because a Trump border tax would hurt GM, Chrysler more, Barclays says 10 most important morning stories Here are the winners and losers under a Trump border tax, Barclays says Breakingviews: Facebook torrid growth turns up heat on Snap Someone bet $4 million that stocks will post a big drop by Monday JPMorgan: Trump's growing protectionist stance may hit market, protect yourself Wall Street wrap: Analysts get even more bullish on Facebook after earnings Here are the highlights from Dan Loeb's new investor letter 10 most important morning stories Breakingviews: Apple could surprise investors this year Morgan Stanley downgrades this self-driving play on rising competition Amgen upgraded by Bank of America a day after CEO meets Trump Bernstein downgrades Apple supplier Corning on valuation These 7 retail stocks could come under pressure as Amazon kills the mall 10 most important morning stories Breakingviews on Under Armour’s founder-led approach This stock could be among those hardest hit if Trump cracks down on work visas This chart shows February market stumbles are common under new presidents Facebook's earnings will win on strong ad demand, JPMorgan says Jefferies says it's not too late to buy financial stocks, upgrades sector to overweight 10 most important morning stories American Express to rally nearly 20% on cost-cutting, Trump's tax plan: Analyst Breakingviews: Trump’s stock-market rally has no clothes Traders bet these 5 stocks will beat Wall Street's earnings expectations Goldman: Trump rally has another 5% to go before political uncertainty sinks it Apple to miss expectations on weak iPhone demand, JPMorgan says A February market pullback is coming, chart analyst says. Here's why Buy Disney as it forges streaming deals for ESPN, Morgan Stanley says Santoli: Finding stock survivors amid the dying shopping mall Here are 5 stocks that will rise on a Trump border tax, Strategas says Weiss: Here's how hedge funds are setting up for next week After 20,000 milestone, finding cheap Dow stocks gets harder. Here are 3 Strategist Tom Lee recommends these 6 value stocks for the Trump economy This industrial stock could thrive if Trump revitalizes American manufacturing Ford in better position than GM to benefit from Trump, RBC says This steel play will rally more than 20% this year on Trump, JPMorgan says Deutsche Bank sees Goldman, JPMorgan as best bets in banks Buy these 3 retail 'top picks' for 2017, Deutsche Bank says Facebook to report solid earnings, Pacific Crest predicts Johnson & Johnson downgraded by Wells Fargo on slowing sales concern Here's why chart experts say the Dow 20,000 breakout is for real Dow at 20,000 still looks cheap considering earnings growth ahead: strategists Goldman Sachs believes these stocks will lead the Dow to its next milestone This airline will rally at least 20% this year on fare increases, valuation, JPMorgan says 10 most important morning stories Barclays says these 8 small and mid-cap stocks are ready to pop Buy these 3 stocks because of their successful new drugs, JPMorgan says This cloud software play will rally more than 40% this year, Citi says Here are 3 FANG stocks to buy for earnings season, Jefferies says Apple downgraded on concern that consumers will take longer to buy new iPhones Three stocks that could rally on earnings, according to Morgan Stanley Breakingviews: Foxconn’s U.S. bet goes beyond politics Investors worried about President Trump should buy these stocks, Goldman says Traders bet these 5 stocks will beat Wall Street's earnings expectations Intel to rally 16% this year as earnings beat expectations, Pacific Crest says Verizon downgraded on concern end of phone subsidies will lead to sales decline Qualcomm downgraded on lawsuits by FTC, Apple 10 most important morning stories Tech investor Paul Meeks: This heavily shorted stock may pop like loaded spring Ignore earnings season and focus on Trump's agenda, Goldman Sachs says Buy Alphabet on potential YouTube TV, Pacific Crest says Deutsche Bank downgrades CSX, tells clients to avoid chasing this week's rally Facebook to rally 18% this year on higher ad pricing, Pacific Crest says BMO's Jack Ablin: Stock market is overvalued by 5 to 10 percent This stock will rally nearly 20% this year, Goldman Sachs says UBS downgrades Exxon to sell on stretched valuations, predicts 11% pullback Wells Fargo downgrades Coca-Cola on earnings risk, valuation › Pro Analysis Buy Apple because it may double its dividend, RBC says Tae Kim | @firstadopter Monday, 6 Feb 2017 | 10:54 AM ETCNBC.com SHARES Eduardo Munoz | Reuters Customers look at the iPhone 7 smartphone inside an Apple store in New York. Investors should buy Apple shares on the prospect of a large increase in its capital return to shareholders, according to RBC Capital Markets, which reiterated its outperform rating. "Most [investors] think upside is around $140-150 at this junction; we think the surprise could be a material uptick in capital allocation that could change this narrative," analyst Amit Daryanani wrote in a note to clients Sunday. "We believe the fundamental reality remains that AAPL's valuation is materially sub-par to what we anticipate is its long-term revenue and EPS potential." Tae KimInvesting Journalist Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change AAPL --- Pro Analysis Traders betting these 5 stocks will beat Wall Street's earnings expectations next week Stephen Weiss: Your investment setup for the week ahead Breakingviews:The $22 billion Trump wall is a bad investment choice Intel shares downgraded on concern profit margin may decline At least one analyst on Wall Street isn't giving up on Twitter To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Skip to main content area Sign up for our daily newsletter Newsletter Close Sign me up Toggle menus Toggle search Main menu Security Mobile Server Networking Cloud Strategy Public Sector Storage More Desktop Hardware Desktop Software Laptops Alphr Cloud Pro Channel Pro Search Search Sections News Reviews In-depth App Business travel Innovation at Work Leadership Whitepapers You are here: Home Strategy News Slack and Tesla join tech firms fighting Trump's travel ban Slack and Tesla join tech firms fighting Trump's travel ban Share twitter linkedin facebook google+ email Adam Shepherd, Joe Curtis News 7 Feb, 2017 127 tech firms now support legal challenge to Trump's executive order Dozens more tech firms have lent their support to a legal challenge to President Donald Trump's controversial immigration ban, joining 96 other signatories. In total, more than 120 companies are backing an 'amicus brief', a legal document offering official support to the State of Washington in its case against the president's 90-day travel ban affecting seven countries whose populations are mostly Muslim. The executive order, issued by the president in late January, blocked travellers from seven predominantly Muslim countries from entering the US, before being temporarily struck down by a federal judge. A fierce battle is now underway in attempts to determine the legitimacy of the ban. As well as public condemnation from activists, civil rights groups and world leaders, the travel ban has also drawn sharp criticism from Silicon Valley. Virtually every major tech company has slammed the order, and the list of firms officially opposing it is now a who's-who of top tech talent. Alongside luminaries like Google, Facebook, Citrix and Microsoft, the list is now joined by HP Inc, Adobe, Slack, Brocade and more. In what may be a particularly embarrassing blow to the president, Elon Musk's companies, Tesla and SpaceX, are also part of the latest batch of additions. Musk sits on the president's Strategic and Policy Forum, an advisory panel that meets with Trump regularly. Although Musk's role on the panel has drawn condemnation from some quarters, he maintains that he does not support or endorse the current administration, He also argued that it was important he advise Trump - precisely because he does not agree with him. Activists should be pushing for more moderates to advise President, not fewer. How could having only extremists advise him possibly be good? — Elon Musk (@elonmusk) February 5, 2017 The brief was filed on Sunday on behalf of 96 tech signatories, saying Trump's travel ban was harmful to business. Travellers from Syria, Iran, Iraq, Libya, Sudan, Yemen and Somalia were affected by the ban, but a Washington state legal challenge led to a federal judge temporarily blocking the order. An appeals court rejected a White appeal, and now a full case must be heard from the justice department as well as two states who mounted the legal challenge, Washington and Minnesota. A decision is expected later this month, but will only determine whether the travel ban should be kept on hold or not while courts decide on its legality. 06/02/2017: 100 tech firms say Trump's travel ban is bad for business Nearly 100 tech companies including Apple, Box, Intel and Google have signed a legal document saying their "operations are affected" by US President Donald Trump's travel ban. The executive order imposing the 90-day ban on travel from seven Muslim-majority countries is already the subject of several legal challenges, including one from the state of Washington, which has called it "unlawful and unconstitutional". A total of 97 tech firms filed an amicus brief to the US's Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit, arguing that the travel ban is economically harmful and that it represents a significant break with the US's previous immigration stance. "The Order represents a significant departure from the principles of fairness and predictability that have governed the immigration system of the United States for more than fifty years," the brief, also signed by the likes of Airbnb, Microsoft and Lyft, states. "The Order inflicts significant harm on American business, innovation, and growth as a result. The Order makes it more difficult and expensive for US companies to recruit, hire, and retain some of the world's best employees. It disrupts ongoing business operations. And it threatens companies' ability to attract talent, business, and investment to the United States." By filing the brief, the companies hope to demonstrate the travel ban will harm US businesses' operations and that it is unlawful. Trump's executive order, issued on 27 January, banned travellers and refugees from Syria, Iran, Iraq, Libya, Sudan, Yemen and Somalia. Critics claim the ban is anti-religious, something the Trump administration denies. During his campaign, Trump discussed the idea of building a database of Muslims. Washington state's attorney general, Bob Ferguson, filed the legal challenge to Trump's travel ban that resulted in a Seattle federal judge temporarily blocking the order from being enforced nationwide last Friday. An appeals court rejected the White House's appeal on Saturday, meaning the case must be heard in full, with both Washington and Minnesota states, as well as the justice department, being asked to give more evidence today, before an expected decision later this month. That decision only concerns whether the ban should remain on hold while courts decide on its legality. Main image: Tony Webster See related  TechUK brands Tier 2 immigration visa reforms 'disappointing' US voter traffic crashes New Zealand immigration site What can - or should - tech do about Trump's travel ban? 01/02/2017: Amazon offers legal backing to fight Trump travel ban Amazon boss Jeff Bezos has said he'll fight against Donald Trump's controversial immigration policies in court in letter sent to employees at the company. Bezos explained he's supporting the Washington State attorney general, the first state official to say they will be suing Trump over his executive order. “We reached out to congressional leaders on both sides of the aisle to explore legislative options. Our legal team has prepared a declaration of support for the Washington state attorney general who will be filing suit against the order. We are working other legal options as well,” said Bezos. On Saturday evening, Amazon issued its first letter to employees saying anyone affected by Trump's immigration policy will recieve the full support of the company. It urged those affected by the ban not to leave the country and said it would offer legal resources for those originating from the seven countries Trump has blacklisted, as well as their families. "From the very beginning, Amazon has been committed to equal rights, tolerance and diversity – and we always will be," the company said in its statement. Bezos joins other tech leaders including Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg and Netflix CEO Reed Hastings, who have both offered their support for company employees who may be affected by the policy. Travel service Expedia's boss also announced his distaste for Trump's executive order. “The president’s order represents the worst of his proclivity toward rash action versus thoughtfulness. Ours is a nation of immigrants. These are our roots, this is our soul. All erased with the stroke of a pen.” 30/01/2017: Tim Cook slams Trump's immigration policies Apple's CEO, Tim Cook, has hit out at US president Donald Trump's immigration policies, saying the company would not exist if it weren't for immigrants being allowed to move freely across borders. “Apple would not exist without immigration, let alone thrive and innovate the way we do,” wrote Cook in an email to Apple staff obtained by tech website Recode. “I've heard from many of you who are deeply concerned about the executive order issued yesterday restricting immigration from seven Muslim-majority countries. I share your concerns. It is not a policy we support.” He quoted civil rights campaigner Martin Luther King in the email, saying: "We may have all come on different ships, but we are in the same boat now," which at least went some way to explain how Apple would support those who may no longer be able to re-enter the country or could be subjected to tougher reforms in the future. He told employees Apple would support any employee who feels they are at risk and he will work closely with the company's HR, legal and security teams to give them the help they need to remain in the country. "As I've said many times, diversity makes our team stronger," he said. "And if there’s one thing I know about the people at Apple, it’s the depth of our empathy and support for one another. It’s as important now as it’s ever been, and it will not weaken one bit. I know I can count on all of you to make sure everyone at Apple feels welcome, respected and valued." President Trump's executive order restricts immigration from seven Muslim countries for 90 days, suspends any refugees trying to enter the country for 120 days and bars all Syrians seeking refuge indefinitely. Read more about Strategy Donald Trump Apple Tim Cook View the discussion thread. Get the ITPro Newsletter Get FREE weekly newsletters from ITPro - delivering the latest news, reviews, insight and case studies. Click here Featured Whitepapers Latest in Strategy IT spending to hit $2.4 trillion in 2017 News Tim Cook on Brexit: it'll be fine News What is DevOps? In-depth Is Intel's US factory pledge all that it seems? Analysis Driverless cars: UK to introduce two-in-one insurance for driverless cars News See all Popular Raspberry Pi 4: Raspberry Pi gets AI Desktop Hardware Tim Cook on Brexit: it'll be fine Strategy GDS prioritises data and digital skills in new strategy Government IT Strategy Oculus Rift release date, price and system requirements: Zuckerberg shows off prototype Rift gloves for VR typing Desktop Hardware Android Nougat release date, name and features: Google is getting rid of Android's Google Now Launcher Android Contact us Dennis Publishing Editorial Offices 30 Cleveland Street London, W1T 4JD T: +44 (0)20 7907 6000 Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Useful links Security Mobile Server Networking Cloud Strategy Public Sector Storage More Contact us About us Company Website Feeds Privacy Notice Authors Sitemap Our Websites Auto Express Evo Coach Micro Mart Alphr Know Your Mobile Classic & Performance Car Expert Reviews Channel Pro Digital SLR Photography Den of Geek The Week Computer Shopper Magazines Health & Fitness CarBuyer Cloud Pro MagBooks Cyclist TablePouncer © Copyright Dennis Publishing Limited. Under licence from Felix Dennis. Jobs Media Information Subscription Enquires Books Apps Your Online Choices
  SOFTPEDIA® DESKTOP Windows Games Drivers Mac Linux MOBILE Android APK Phones Tablets WEB Webscripts Web Browsers NEWS Softpedia > News > Apple FLASH SALE: VDownloader      50% OFF! Apple’s iPhone 8 to Bring Wireless Charging, Alleged Keynote Invitation Reveals GO Apple is aiming towards a wireless future Feb 6, 2017 15:35 GMT  ·  By Alexandra Vaidos  ·  Share:  There are many rumors surrounding Apple’s upcoming iPhone smartphone and we’re expecting it to bring innovative new features, considering that it will be the 10th iPhone that the Cupertino company releases. Apple usually announces new flagship iPhones during a keynote in September every year and the company’s invitation has allegedly leaked. The image was posted by Twitter user @dbrand and hints towards wireless charging capabilities on the upcoming phone. Dbrand is a maker of skins and cases for the iPhone and other flagship smartphones, including from OnePlus and Samsung. Take this information with a grain of salt, though, considering that we are six months away from Apple’s keynote event, but this invitation could very well be a draft, and not the final product. There’s no way of telling for sure, but the image does bring into discussion a long rumored feature on the upcoming iPhone 8. iPhone 8 might be equipped with long-range wireless charging Some previous reports have stated that Apple’s next iPhone might come with wireless charging. This would be a bold move from Apple and it signals the fact that the company is trying to work towards an iPhone with absolutely no wires or ports. Granted, this is a bit far-fetched, but if the company decides to implement wireless charging in the new phone, it would surely provide the wow-factor for its fans. Truth be told, wireless charging has been available for Android-running smartphones for quite some time now, Samsung has it for its Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge, while there’s no reason not to be featured on the upcoming Galaxy S8. However, Apple might be planning to add long-range wireless charging feature, which is superior to existing wireless charging methods. Long-range wireless charging doesn’t require devices to be as close to a charging source or mat and reports say that Apple is already working with Energous on this technology. With the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, Apple completely removed the 3.5mm headphone jack and provided customers with the option to buy AirPods wireless headphones, but for a steep price of $150. Wireless charging capabilities on the iPhone 8 would surely drive the phone’s price up. #Apple#iPhone 8#Wireless charging#AirPods#Keynote invite subscribe feedly old reader newsblur digg reader rss feed reddit it! flip it share it tweet it Related  ·  Hot right now  ·  Latest news iPhone 8 Concept Shows Almost Bezel-Less Display and Dynamic Home Button iPhone 8 Again Said to Come with Long-Range Wireless Charging Apple iPhone 8 to Feature iPhone 4-like Design with Stainless Steel Frame iPhone X Concept Imagines the Anniversary iPhone Launching Next Year Apple iPhone 8 Will Reportedly Feature An Iris Scanner Let’s Chat: Windows vs. Linux Windows Close to Defeating Linux: Munich Could Give Up on LiMux Samsung Galaxy S8’s Bixby To Be Based on S Voice, Not Viv Labs’ AI Tech Microsoft Brings Windows 10 Mobile’s File Explorer on Xbox One Microsoft Teases New Windows 10 Security Announcements Apple iPhone 8 Will Reportedly Feature An Iris Scanner Let’s Chat: Windows vs. Linux    Alleged Apple invite for keynote event in 2017 new ios apps NeuroNation: Train your brain to improve your memory and focus with NeuroNation Flipagram: Create cool videos by mixing up your photos with music Timer+: Set up dozens of timers and control them all with ease Nutshell Camera: Create some pretty cool videos with Nutshell Camera IKEA Catalogue: Check out the IKEA Catalogue for more than just furniture Complete: Complete puts a social twist to your regular to-do list/ task manager WebMD Baby: WebMD Baby offers help in how to best tend to your baby Reader comments Apple Stored Years of Deleted Browser History From iPhones more on: Apple i softpedia®     Like 202K    +1 56K     Follow 13K © 2001-2017 Softpedia. All rights reserved. Softpedia® and the Softpedia® logo are registered trademarks of SoftNews NET SRL. Privacy Policy news tip feedback      
Menu The Diplomat Account Home My AccountSign In About Us Advertise Syndication Write for Us Contact Us The Diplomat Central Asia East Asia Oceania South Asia Southeast Asia Economy Diplomacy Environment Politics Security Society Blogs China PowerFlashpointsAsia DefenseASEAN BeatThe PulseThe KoreasTokyo ReportThe DebateCrossroads AsiaTrans-Pacific ViewPacific MoneyAsia LifeOceania Interviews Photo Essays Videos Podcasts Japan AffairsAsia GeopoliticsKorea Talk Magazine Subscribe   Pacific Money Image Credit: Wikimedia Commons/ Hans Olav Lien Scandal-Hit Samsung Still Asia’s Top Brand South Korea can boast Asia’s most valuable brand, but Japan leads on innovation. By Anthony Fensom for The Diplomat February 06, 2017               South Korea’s Samsung Group has shrugged off business and political scandals to be ranked Asia’s most valuable brand in the latest global survey by Brand Finance. But the leader of the innovation race may still be Japan, which rules the roost in patenting new inventions, according to a separate study. U.S. technology powerhouses Google, Apple, Amazon, AT&T, and Microsoft took the top five places in the “Global 500 2017,” the 2017 survey of the world’s most valuable brands by London-based consultancy Brand Finance. However, Samsung gained a place from last year’s survey to rank sixth with an estimated brand value of $66.2 billion, up 13 percent from 2016. This came despite the disastrous recall of its Galaxy Note 7 smartphone and a corruption scandal linked to the Korean president. The South Korean conglomerate still expects profit growth in 2017 despite its recent woes, with record earnings from its memory chip business helping its shares hit a series of record highs in January.Enjoying this article? Click here to subscribe for full access. Just $5 a month. No other South Korean companies placed in the top 50, although conglomerate Hyundai Group ranked 60th with an estimated brand value of $19.9 billion, while rival SK Group placed 62nd with $19.3 billion in value. China’s largest bank, ICBC, ranked as Asia’s second-most valuable brand and the world’s most valuable banking brand, taking the 10th spot with an estimated brand value of $47.8 billion. It was followed by telecommunications firm China Mobile in 11th place with an estimated value of $46.7 billion, while China Construction Bank ranked 14th with an estimated brand value of $41.3 billion. Other Chinese companies to make the top 50 comprised e-commerce giant Alibaba (ranked 23rd with $34.8 billion); Bank of China (29th with $31.2 billion); oil and gas companies Sinopec (32nd with $29.5 billion) and PetroChina (33rd with $29 billion); Agricultural Bank of China (34th with $28.5 billion); and telecommunications firms Huawei (40th with $25.2 billion) and Tencent (47th with $22.2 billion). According to Brand Finance, Chinese banks’ brand value growth has been rapidly outpacing European and North American competitors. “The nation’s vast population, organic expansion, foreign M&A [merger and acquisition] activity and positive relationships with Chinese consumers are a few common attributes Chinese banks share which serve to explain the immense growth of this industry. Not only has China’s ICBC claimed the title as the most powerful banking brand, it also dethrones Wells Fargo as the most valuable financial brand in the world,” the report said. Japanese companies were also represented in the top 50, led by 12th-ranked automaker Toyota with an estimated brand value of $46.2 billion and 15th-placed telecommunications firm NTT with $40.5 billion in estimated value. Conglomerate Mitsubishi Group also made the top 50, ranked 35th with $27.9 billion in estimated brand value, while automaker Nissan placed 42nd with $24.7 billion. However, no Asian brands were included among the world’s top 10 “most powerful brands,” which was led by Lego, Google, and Nike. Google’s success in displacing Apple as the world’s most valuable brand with an estimated brand value of $109 billion compared to Apple’s $107 billion was attributed to growing competitive pressures facing Apple in China, along with its apparent complacency. “Apple has struggled to maintain its technological advantage, with new iterations of the iPhone delivering diminishing returns, while the Chinese market is now crowded with local competitors,” Brand Finance chief executive David Haigh said. “Apple has been living on borrowed time for several years by exploiting its accumulated brand equity. This underlines one of the many benefits of a strong brand, but Apple has finally taken it too far.” Haigh also pointed to a link between strong brands and stock market performance, highlighting the importance of such rankings for investors. “It was found that investing in the most highly branded companies would lead to a return almost double that of the average for the [U.S. benchmark] S&P 500 as a whole,” he said. According to Brand Finance, its annual survey evaluates corporate brands globally based on factors including marketing investment, familiarity, loyalty, staff satisfaction, and corporate reputation, along with the proportion of revenue generated by each firm’s brand. Japan Leads On Innovation Japanese companies may trail their competitors in brand value, but the nation remains a clear leader in Asia in innovation, according to research by Clarivate Analytics. Clarivate’s 2016 “Top 100 Global Innovators” report found that Japan ranked as Asia’s leading innovation hub, accounting for 34 of the top 100 most innovative organizations and second only to the United States’ 39. While down from the 40 listed in the previous year’s survey, Japanese firms represented ranged from automakers Honda, Nissan, and Toyota to household goods firms Sony and Yaskawa Electric, manufacturers Daikin Industries and Kobe Steel, and hardware makers Kyocera and NEC. Elsewhere in Asia, South Korea had three representatives, comprising household goods maker LG Electronics, energy firm LSIS, and electronics maker Samsung Electronics, while China and Taiwan had one firm each: telecommunications firm Huawei and hardware maker MediaTek, respectively. “Mainland China makes a reappearance this year with Huawei again making the list following its debut appearance in 2014. Huawei showed significantly improved performance in globalization, which accords with its strategy to develop a ‘global response to global needs,’” the report said. Among industries, hardware and electronics makers accounted for 29 percent, followed by manufacturing and medical (15 percent), automotive (9 percent), chemicals and cosmetics (9 percent), and pharmaceuticals (7 percent). According to Clarivate, the key factors for successful innovators are significant investment in patent development along with ongoing investment in research and development (R&D) and a diverse and adaptable range of technology. The top 100 firms listed spent more than $227 billion on R&D and generated more than $4 trillion in revenue in 2015 – “a clear example of activity that drives economic well-being and competitive advantage.” “As evidenced by the huge R&D outlay made by the companies represented in the Top 100 Global Innovators list, the commitment to keep the fires of innovation burning brightly does not come cheaply. In the case of the 39 companies who have now been on our list for six straight years, this fact is made all the more poignant by the fact that our study was launched in 2011, when much of the world was still feeling the effects of the Great Recession, and many companies were loath to make the kinds of investments needed to keep their underlying IP infrastructures running at full capacity,” the report said. Clarivate’s survey ranks patent and citation data by volume, success, globalization and influence, including all organizations with 100 or more patented new innovations from the past five years in its analysis. For Asia overall, the latest brand value and innovation rankings suggest the region’s innovative strength has continued to pick up speed, even while regional and global economic growth has softened. Converting the region’s innovations into brand value would appear to be the next challenge however, if Asia is to topple the U.S. tech titans from the top of the global leaderboard. Topics Pacific Money Tags Alibaba Apple brands Global 500 Google Industrial and Commercial Bank of China (ICBC) Samsung technological innovation Toyota Related Stories March 15, 2014 ‘Korean Wave’ Just The Start For Asian Brands The Diplomat speaks with expert Martin Roll on the rise of Asian brands. Read Story Moto X: Could Motorola Compete with Apple, Samsung at $300 Price Point?iOS 7 vs Android: Smartphone OS ShowdownTablet Faceoff: Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 vs. iPad Mini South Korea Is Poised for Economic DisasterCan Samsung's Note 7 Discontinuation Shake the South Korean Economy? Latest Blogs February 11, 2017 Trump and 'One China': Two Phone Calls, Many Interpretations After the phone call with Xi Jinping, the Trump administration needs to imbue its Taiwan policy with strategic clarity. Read Post US Air Force Rotates Supersonic Strategic Bombers in the Asia-PacificMalaysia’s New Army Chief Makes First Singapore VisitIs Indonesia Ready for New Cyber Agency?China and the Vatican Are a Step Closer to Mending Ties‘Who Watches the Watchmen?’ Bad Cops in the Philippines Latest Features February 08, 2017 CPEC and the Baloch Insurgency Balochistan stands to gain little from the massive project, despite being in desperate need of economic opportunity. Read Feature A Schism Among Australian ConservativesChekhov's Gun and the Tangled US-Philippines-China TriangleIs Vietnam in for Another Devastating Drought?Pakistan's Censorship Takes a Dangerous TurnThe Dangers of Pakistan's Tactical Nuclear Weapons Follow Us  Facebook  Twitter  Google  RSS Newsletter Sign up for our weekly newsletter The Diplomat Brief Email Address Popular Stories February 04, 2017 Malaysia’s New China Warship Deal: Promises and Prospects A closer look at where a ‘landmark’ agreement stands. Read Story February 03, 2017 Trump Vs. Pakistan A look at what the new American president’s approach might be toward Islamabad. Read Story February 03, 2017 Steve Bannon, Dharma Warrior: Hindu Scriptures and the Worldview of Trump's Chief Ideologue Steve Bannon's appreciation for the Bhagavad Gita makes more sense than you might think. Read Story Interview February 08, 2017 Rajeev Chandrasekhar on the 'Conspiracy of Silence' Over Child Sexual Abuse in India A conversation with an Indian MP on a horrific but too often overlooked problem. Read Interview More Interviews Regions Central Asia East Asia Oceania South Asia Southeast Asia Topics Blogs Diplomacy Economy Environment Features Interviews Magazine Photo Essays Podcasts Politics Security Society The Diplomat's Quiz Videos Blogs China Power Flashpoints Asia Defense ASEAN Beat The Pulse The Koreas Tokyo Report The Debate Crossroads Asia Trans-Pacific View Pacific Money Asia Life Oceania Archives Sport & Culture Indian Decade A New Japan New Leaders Forum New Emissary Tokyo Notes APAC Insider Asia Scope China, What's Next? James Holmes Tech Biz Zachary Keck The Diplomat About Us Partners Advertise Syndication Privacy Policy Contact Us © 2017 The Diplomat. All Rights Reserved.
  Register Sign In × Sign In Register home practice areas + − Appellate Class Actions & Product Liability Corporate & Securities Intellectual Property Labor & Employment The Legal Industry + − Contributors Law Firms In House Law Schools alm intelligence Rankings resources events About Us Contact Us Advertise Privacy Policy eNewsletters Subscribe FOLLOW US facebook twitter linkedin rss feed All Practice Areas Appellate Class Actions & Product Liability Corporate & Securities Intellectual Property Labor & Employment Industry News Contributors Law Firms In House Law Schools practice areas All Practice Areas Appellate Class Actions & Product Liability Corporate & Securities Intellectual Property Labor & Employment The Legal Industry Industry News Contributors Law Firms In House Law Schools Rankings resources 5 Ways Scalia’s Death Changed the Supreme Court Tony Mauro The National Law Journal CONTINUE 3 Ways In-House Counsel Can Navigate International Data Regulations Ricci Dipshan Law.Com Ninth Circuit Rules Against President Trump While Twitter Explodes With Responses Carley Meiners Foreclosure Litigation Strategy Takes Aim at Seniors, Attorneys Say Samantha Joseph Daily Business Review The Technology Behind Attorney Response Efforts Following Trump’s Travel Ban Gabrielle Orum Hernández Legaltech News Track the Cases: How Trump Opponents Are Using the Courts to Block His Agenda › News Big Law Joins Opposition To Trump's Refugee Ban By Katelyn Polantz|The National Law Journal Expert Opinion On the Bright Side, Lawyers Are Suddenly Popular In-Depth Analysis Small D.C. Law Firm Maps Defense, Offense Plays Against Trump News Law Profs Butt Heads Over Suit Filed Against Trump Instant Insights LATEST LEGAL HEADLINES KWM Partners Rejected Repeated Attempts to Raise Capital in Years Before Collapse Rose Walker Legal Week Setback for President Trump: Ninth Circuit Keeps Nationwide Block on Travel Ban in Place Ross Todd The Recorder Minority Law Students Subsidize Scholarships, Study Finds Karen Sloan Whistleblower Lawyers Fret Over Leaks After Akin Gump Partner’s Arrest Ben Hancock The National Law Journal Alternative Legal Service Provider Adoption All About Cost Savings? Perhaps Not Zach Warren Law.Com For Companies, Trump's Tweets Create 'New Category of Risk' C. Ryan Barber The National Law Journal I Got A’s! My Buddy Didn’t. 1L Awkwardness. Robert McClendon PRACTICE UPDATES Latest Practice Areas Litigation in Twitter Nation: When You Can and Can’t Tweet in #Court L. David Russell, Christopher C. Chiou and Sean D. Nelson Death by a Thousand Views: Keeping Deposition Videos Off the Internet L. David Russell, Christopher C. Chiou and Sean D. Nelson 5 Hot Takes on Future of E-Discovery in Legal Industry Gabrielle Orum Hernández MORE NEWS Appellate Corporate and Securities Intellectual Property Labor and Employment Class Actions and Product Liability MORE NEWS New national minimum wage rates announced Draft legislation implementing increases to national minimum wage rates from 1 April 2017 has been published. Download What is half of nothing? Wrongful trading developments in the ‘Robin Hood’ case Case law on wrongful trading has developed significantly over the past two years. This briefing takes a closer look. Download New Cyprus-India treaty for the avoidance of double taxation Cyprus and India have signed a new double tax treaty which is expected to foster increased use of Cyprus as a gateway for investment both into and out of India. Download Insurance and reinsurance disputes annual review 2016 HSF provides an overview and analysis of the key cases and developments affecting those engaged in or with contentious matters in the insurance and reinsurance market. Download Defining foreign private issuers: Are you a wizard or a muggle? Companies defined as “foreign private issuers” enjoy a number of important advantages under special SEC rules and accommodations. Download The gig economy and employment status Does your business use flexible labour? If so, can it take a 10% hike in its payroll costs? If not, listen to this podcast or read the transcript. Download The blockchain revolution An analysis of regulation and technology related to Distributed Ledger Technologies. Download 10 top tips to remain safe online Bond Dickinson looks at what businesses and individuals alike need to do to protect themselves and remain safe on the Internet. Download Kenya’s new mining act The new Act is a modern piece of legislation that is clear in terms of timelines and structures, but still has a few challenges that need to be addressed. Download When does workplace banter become sexual harassment? Despite being outlawed by the Equality Act 2010, it seems sexual harassment remains prevalent within the workplace. Download Popular     Akin Gump Partner's Arrest Highlights Hiring Risks for Firms Setback for President Trump: Ninth Circuit Keeps Nationwide Block on Travel Ban in Place Gorsuch Scores Points by Distancing Himself From Trump Will My Law Career Always Feel This Toxic? Do Firms Care When Women Bolt? PRACTITIONER INSIGHTS Far-Flung Places: The Travails and Travels of a Product Liability Litigator Common Sense Investing Isn’t So Common Defend Trade Secrets Act: Considerations for the Year Ahead A Constitutional Checklist Expedite your Settlement Using Bracketing CONTINUE FEATURED FIRMS Law Offices of Joe Bornstein 5 Moulton St, Portland, ME 04101 207-772-4624 | www.joebornstein.com The Mike Slocumb Law Firm 111 S. Calvert Street Suite 2700, Baltimore, MD 21202 334-741-4110 | www.slocumblaw.com Pasternack Tilker Ziegler Walsh Stanton & Romano L.L.P. 233 Broadway, New York, NY 10279 212-341-7900 | www.workerslaw.com HOT SEAT Ohio Innocence Project Handed $15 Million Donation When Work and Politics Collide, What Is an Employer to Do? 25 Years Later: Anita Hill On Sexual Harassment, Pay Equity and Title IX Federal Circuit Slams Acacia for Fostering Attorney Conflict ‘Blurred Lines’ Lawyer Keeps On Rocking the Recording Industry CONTINUE SOCIAL Tweets by @lawdotcom © 2017 ALM Media Properties, LLC. All Rights Reserved Privacy Policy | ALM License Agreement Sections Practice Areas The Legal Industry Insights Resources Tools Search Legal Dictionary Mobile App Site Map Law.com About ALM Reprints Contact Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Law.com Law Journal Newsletters The American Lawyer Litigation Daily Asian Lawyer Corporate Counsel Legaltech News The National Law Journal Legal Times The Supreme Court Brief Commercial Litigation Insider Connecticut Law Tribune Daily Business Review (FL) Delaware Law Weekly Delaware Business Court Insider Daily Report (GA) The Legal Intelligencer (PA) New Jersey Law Journal New York Law Journal The Recorder (CA) Texas Lawyer ALM Network of Legal Publications, Events, Research, and Intelligence Tools + LIST SITES © 2017 ALM Media Properties, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iPad Air 2 iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS Sierra tvOS 10 watchOS 3 Buyer's Guide Forums iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air Apple VR Project iMac iPad Air 2 Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > Apple CEO Tim Cook Cashes in Another $3.6 Million in Stock Tuesday January 24, 2017 4:07 PM PST by Juli Clover Apple CEO Tim Cook sold an additional 30,000 shares of Apple stock over the course of the last few days, according to a disclosure shared by the U.S. Securities and Exchanges Commission. Based on the Apple's stock price of $120 to $120.41 at the time of the transaction, the sale, conducted as scheduled based on Cook's trading plan adopted back in August of 2015, netted Apple's CEO approximately $3.6 million. Tim Cook also divested 30,000 Apple shares last week, so he's received a total of $7.2 million in 2017 thus far. Following this week's transaction, Cook continues to own just under 100,000 shares of Apple stock, valued at more than $117 million based on Apple's current stock price. In early January, an SEC filing revealed Cook earned just $8.7 million in 2016, down from $10.28 million in 2015. Cook and other Apple executives only received 89.5 percent of cash incentives during the year due to Apple's failure to meet its target performance goals for net sales and operating income. Cook's 2016 salary was, however, supplemented by the vesting of previously awarded stock bonuses worth approximately $137 million, tied to Cook's tenure and Apple's performance under his leadership. Tag: Tim Cook 52 comments Top Rated Comments (View all) Devie 2 weeks ago Saving up for the new Mac Pro Rating: 35 Votes ThomasJL 2 weeks ago Tim Cook is the Steve Ballmer of Apple. He does an excellent job at satisfying the shareholders while simulatneously releasing uninnovative lackluster products. Rating: 31 Votes Max Portakabin 2 weeks ago Looks like he's on his way out. We can only hope. Rating: 18 Votes 1080p 2 weeks ago Bring back Forstall! Rating: 14 Votes canny 2 weeks ago Looks like he's on his way out. Rating: 11 Votes Labeno 2 weeks ago Hey Timmy, I've been a mac user for years, and converted about 20 people. There's used to be lots of people like me helping Apple out. That's a lot of money in your pocket. But with your new laptop is a joke. My wife just got the new SurfaceBook... way better than a mac: - Has a magnetic power cord connector, you got rid of magsafe. - Has a touch screen, way better than a tiny touch bar on a keyboard. - Screen detaches to turn into a tablet with a different visual interface appropriate for a tablet. With your money sucking model, I'd have to buy a laptop and a tablet. - Has a very nice pen. I'd have to get an iPad Pro to use a pen. - Has the option for Nvidia graphics do do more pro level CUDA development. Apple no longer supports the Nvidia option. - Has two full size USB ports, the new laptop only has the mini C. You have ruined what used to be a great laptop. Stop acting like everything is magical. Let me know if I'm being ridiculous with any of the above features found on the SurfaceBook, but not on the new MBP. You're last name should be Crook instead of Cook because you only work for investors, and not your computer customers who used to promote your products. Apple mac way more money than Microsoft, and look what you've done to show for it. I will no longer promote Apple. You do the math for the long term effect of the many people like me who used to help Steve Jobs out. Rating: 11 Votes JetLaw 2 weeks ago Bring back Forstall! I have to admit that I celebrated when Forstall left but lately I feel like I was rooting against the wrong guy. I didn't like his vision when it came to UI, but at least he HAD a vision. Rating: 10 Votes ronf129 2 weeks ago hes laughing all the way to the bank before he leaves smart man. Totally missed the part where it says "the sale, conducted as scheduled based Cook's trading plan adopted back in August of 2015" huh? Rating: 8 Votes 1080p 2 weeks ago I have to admit that I celebrated when Forstall left but lately I feel like I was rooting against the wrong guy. I didn't like his vision when it came to UI, but at least he HAD a vision. A coupe of days ago, I had a "Memory" appear in my Facebook feed from 6 years ago... it was a screencap from my iPhone 4S with iOS 5. The first thing I said was, " I miss that design!" Rating: 5 Votes Naraxus 2 weeks ago I still firmly believe Apple's best days are ahead of it. You're one of an ever shrinking few who believe that Rating: 4 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming iMac Early 2017 Updated models with AMD graphics options expected in early 2017. iPad Pro Early 2017? New ~10.5-inch model with nearly bezel-free design rumored. MacBook Q2 2017 Faster Kaby Lake processors and up to 16 GB of RAM expected in second quarter 2017. iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 Front Page Stories Hands-On With Apple's New BeatsX Earphones 10 hours ago on Front Page Apple's long-awaited BeatsX Earphones became available for purchase this morning, giving Apple customers an alternative to the hard-to-find AirPods. Priced at $149.95, BeatsX Earphones... 60 comments Tim Cook Thinks Augmented Reality is a 'Huge' Idea Like Smartphones 12 hours ago on Front Page Apple CEO Tim Cook has been on a whirlwind of a trip in Europe this week, making stops in France, Germany, and the United Kingdom to meet with everyone from students and developers to Apple retail... 59 comments Apple's Jennifer Bailey Says Customers Are Willing to Switch Banks to Use Apple Pay 14 hours ago on Front Page Apple Pay vice president Jennifer Bailey believes that Apple Pay is valuable enough that "customers will say they are happy to switch banks to use it." Bailey claims Australians are... 153 comments Matte Black iPhone 7 Users Complain About Chipped, Peeling Paint 15 hours ago on Front Page A number of customers who purchased the matte Black iPhone 7 or iPhone 7 Plus have noticed that the anodized finish on their devices has started chipping or peeling off in areas where there has... 237 comments iPhone 8 Said to Feature Iris Scanner to Authenticate With Your Eyes 19 hours ago on Front Page Apple is widely rumored to launch a high-end iPhone with an edge-to-edge OLED display this year, which has been variously called the "iPhone 8" or "iPhone X" to commemorate the... 261 comments BeatsX Earphones Launch on Apple Store for $150 23 hours ago on Front Page Apple today officially launched its much-anticipated BeatsX Earphones on its online store for $149.95, after initially delaying the earphones from Fall 2016 and into February 2017. With the delay... 192 comments Apple Delays Sales of UltraFine 5K Display as LG Works on Shielding Fix 1 day ago on Front Page As LG works on a fix for a Wi-Fi router issue plaguing its UltraFine 27-inch 5K Display, Apple has delayed shipments for the accessory and removed in store pickup options. New orders for the LG... 104 comments iCloud Was Storing Deleted Safari Browser History for Months, but Apple Fixed the Issue 2 days ago on Front Page When clearing Safari browser history, iPhone and iPad users expect all records to be permanently deleted from their devices, but it appears Apple's cross-device browser syncing feature caused... 128 comments • All Three New 2017 iPhones to Feature Wireless Charging (298) • 12.9-Inch iPad Pro in Short Supply Ahead of Rumored March Update (96) • The 2017 iPhone Could Cost Upwards of $1,000 (658) • Google Debuts Android Wear 2.0 Alongside Two New LG Smart Watches (106) • T-Mobile and Verizon Are Basically Tied in Network Speeds and So-Called 'Availability' (169) • Apple Hires Amazon Fire TV Head to Spearhead Apple TV Business (86) • Tim Cook Visits 'Kitchen Stories' Developers and Furniture Maker Dula on German Trip (50)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Husain Sumra Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade Winding the Clocks Back to 'Pocket God' - The TouchArcade Show #294 TouchArcade Needs Your Help - Tell Your Friends and Support Our Patreon TouchArcade Game of the Week: 'Postknight' 'Gravity Galaxy' Looks Like a Fun Orbital Action-Puzzle Game 'Wobblers' Is a Unique High Score Chaser From the Developer of 'Down the Mountain' 'Feudal Feud' Is a Promising Multiplayer Diplomacy/Conquest Game AppShopper Apple Announces New iPhone 6s with 3D Touch Apple Announces iPad Pro with 12.9-inch Retina Display Apple Announces iOS 9, Bringing Split-Screen Multi-tasking to iPad Apple Announces Mac OS X 10.11 'El Capitan' Apple Watch Pre-Orders to Open on April 10, Available Starting on April 24 Apple Announces New 12-inch MacBook with Retina Display Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iPad Air 2 iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS Sierra tvOS 10 watchOS 3 Buyer's Guide Forums iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air Apple VR Project iMac iPad Air 2 Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > Apple Adopts San Francisco Typeface for Apple.com Website Tuesday January 24, 2017 5:01 PM PST by Juli Clover As of today, Apple has started changing the typeface on its Apple.com website to San Francisco, the font it first debuted alongside the Apple Watch in 2015. On Apple's homepage and other web pages on the site, the San Francisco typeface is being used in many places where text is displayed, replacing the previous Myriad typeface. Bolder and easier to read, San Francisco has been used on iOS devices and Macs since iOS 9 and OS X 10.11 were introduced in 2015. San Francisco is a condensed sans-serif that's similar to Helvetica. It was created specifically for small displays like the Apple Watch, with extra spacing between letters to increase legibility. It also works well on larger Retina displays because of its clean design. Apple's website with old Myriad typeface on left, new San Francisco typeface on right San Francisco is the first font Apple has designed in-house in many years. In the 80s and 90s, Apple used several fonts that were created in-house, but the company largely stopped making its own fonts in the early 1990s. Apple isn't yet using the San Francisco typeface for its entire website, but may continue the transition over the coming days. (Thanks, Nick!) Tag: San Francisco 75 comments Top Rated Comments (View all) Kabeyun 2 weeks ago Theyve rolled the San Francisco website before its ready, similar to a lot of their products recently. Now we're innovating! :cool: :apple: They can make a font, but they cannot update their mac line up regularly? Guess they are too busy doing more important things Changing the font on Apple's website will be the best thing Apple does this year. Thanks Tim Cook. Mark my words, 2017 will be another dull year for Apple. What a waste of resources. They should had been working on more emojis and watch bands. Congratulations, MR. You managed to go negative over a fri**in' font story. A font story! Ooh, let me have a go: Almost as much spacing between those ugly letters as there is between Mac Mini updates! Was that good? Next up: Tim Cook saves a baby from a burning building. MR forums: Cook can take the time to save a baby but he can't even make a battery last all day. Wah! Rating: 24 Votes ErikGrim 2 weeks ago Allow me to have a rare moment of negativity here, as a sometime typographer. San Francisco is a lovely UI typeface, but it does not work at all in large headlines. It lacks proper differentiating weights and looks especially bad on the Mac Book Pro headline. There was a reason why up until now Apple had separate typefaces for user interface and other media. You never saw a print ad set in Chicago or Charcoal. You never had UI elements set in Apple Garamond. Yes, those were specifically design and set for low vs high resolutions, but even with retina screens today typefaces made for user interfaces still look awkward and "cheap" when displayed at headline sizes. Rating: 17 Votes Peel 2 weeks ago I'm used to San Francisco's light weight in iOS. The heavier weight they've chosen for the website titles makes it look less graceful. Rating: 14 Votes radiology 2 weeks ago What a waste of resources. They should had been working on more emojis and watch bands. Rating: 14 Votes asleep 2 weeks ago Now we're innovating! :cool: :apple: Rating: 11 Votes btrach144 2 weeks ago Changing the font on Apple's website will be the best thing Apple does this year. Thanks Tim Cook. Mark my words, 2017 will be another dull year for Apple. Rating: 10 Votes Mac Fly (film) 2 weeks ago Now we're innovating! :cool: :apple: You're following the wrong company if you don't see design as extremely important. Rating: 9 Votes itsamacthing 2 weeks ago They can make a font, but they cannot update their mac line up regularly? Guess they are too busy doing more important things Rating: 8 Votes Appleaker 2 weeks ago Theyve rolled the San Francisco website before its ready, similar to a lot of their products recently. Rating: 7 Votes Andres Cantu 2 weeks ago Let's see which products get this new font in their websites. That'll show us a clue of how much Apple cares about each product. Hint: the Mac mini still has a Thunderbolt display in there... Rating: 5 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming iMac Early 2017 Updated models with AMD graphics options expected in early 2017. iPad Pro Early 2017? New ~10.5-inch model with nearly bezel-free design rumored. MacBook Q2 2017 Faster Kaby Lake processors and up to 16 GB of RAM expected in second quarter 2017. iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 Front Page Stories Hands-On With Apple's New BeatsX Earphones 10 hours ago on Front Page Apple's long-awaited BeatsX Earphones became available for purchase this morning, giving Apple customers an alternative to the hard-to-find AirPods. Priced at $149.95, BeatsX Earphones... 60 comments Tim Cook Thinks Augmented Reality is a 'Huge' Idea Like Smartphones 12 hours ago on Front Page Apple CEO Tim Cook has been on a whirlwind of a trip in Europe this week, making stops in France, Germany, and the United Kingdom to meet with everyone from students and developers to Apple retail... 59 comments Apple's Jennifer Bailey Says Customers Are Willing to Switch Banks to Use Apple Pay 14 hours ago on Front Page Apple Pay vice president Jennifer Bailey believes that Apple Pay is valuable enough that "customers will say they are happy to switch banks to use it." Bailey claims Australians are... 153 comments Matte Black iPhone 7 Users Complain About Chipped, Peeling Paint 15 hours ago on Front Page A number of customers who purchased the matte Black iPhone 7 or iPhone 7 Plus have noticed that the anodized finish on their devices has started chipping or peeling off in areas where there has... 237 comments iPhone 8 Said to Feature Iris Scanner to Authenticate With Your Eyes 19 hours ago on Front Page Apple is widely rumored to launch a high-end iPhone with an edge-to-edge OLED display this year, which has been variously called the "iPhone 8" or "iPhone X" to commemorate the... 261 comments BeatsX Earphones Launch on Apple Store for $150 23 hours ago on Front Page Apple today officially launched its much-anticipated BeatsX Earphones on its online store for $149.95, after initially delaying the earphones from Fall 2016 and into February 2017. With the delay... 192 comments Apple Delays Sales of UltraFine 5K Display as LG Works on Shielding Fix 1 day ago on Front Page As LG works on a fix for a Wi-Fi router issue plaguing its UltraFine 27-inch 5K Display, Apple has delayed shipments for the accessory and removed in store pickup options. New orders for the LG... 104 comments iCloud Was Storing Deleted Safari Browser History for Months, but Apple Fixed the Issue 2 days ago on Front Page When clearing Safari browser history, iPhone and iPad users expect all records to be permanently deleted from their devices, but it appears Apple's cross-device browser syncing feature caused... 128 comments • All Three New 2017 iPhones to Feature Wireless Charging (298) • 12.9-Inch iPad Pro in Short Supply Ahead of Rumored March Update (96) • The 2017 iPhone Could Cost Upwards of $1,000 (658) • Google Debuts Android Wear 2.0 Alongside Two New LG Smart Watches (106) • T-Mobile and Verizon Are Basically Tied in Network Speeds and So-Called 'Availability' (169) • Apple Hires Amazon Fire TV Head to Spearhead Apple TV Business (86) • Tim Cook Visits 'Kitchen Stories' Developers and Furniture Maker Dula on German Trip (50)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Husain Sumra Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade Winding the Clocks Back to 'Pocket God' - The TouchArcade Show #294 TouchArcade Needs Your Help - Tell Your Friends and Support Our Patreon TouchArcade Game of the Week: 'Postknight' 'Gravity Galaxy' Looks Like a Fun Orbital Action-Puzzle Game 'Wobblers' Is a Unique High Score Chaser From the Developer of 'Down the Mountain' 'Feudal Feud' Is a Promising Multiplayer Diplomacy/Conquest Game AppShopper Apple Announces New iPhone 6s with 3D Touch Apple Announces iPad Pro with 12.9-inch Retina Display Apple Announces iOS 9, Bringing Split-Screen Multi-tasking to iPad Apple Announces Mac OS X 10.11 'El Capitan' Apple Watch Pre-Orders to Open on April 10, Available Starting on April 24 Apple Announces New 12-inch MacBook with Retina Display Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iPad Air 2 iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS Sierra tvOS 10 watchOS 3 Buyer's Guide Forums iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air Apple VR Project iMac iPad Air 2 Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > Apple Releases Safari Technology Preview 22 With Bug Fixes and Feature Improvements Wednesday January 25, 2017 10:21 AM PST by Juli Clover Apple today released a new update for Safari Technology Preview, the experimental browser Apple first introduced in March of 2016. Apple designed the Safari Technology Preview to test features that may be introduced into future release versions of Safari. Safari Technology Preview release 22 includes bug fixes and updates for JavaScript, CSS, Form Validation, Web Inspector, Web API, Media, Rendering, and more. The Safari Technology Preview update is available through the Software Update mechanism in the Mac App Store to anyone who has downloaded the browser. Full release notes for the update are available on the Safari Technology Preview website. Apple's aim with Safari Technology Preview is to gather feedback from developers and users on its browser development process. Safari Technology Preview can run side-by-side with the existing Safari browser and while designed for developers, it does not require a developer account to download. Tag: Safari Technology Preview 36 comments Top Rated Comments (View all) zigmund555 2 weeks ago Chrome is bloated CPU and battery hogging garbage. I use tech preview as my main browser, have since it came out and it's fine. Rating: 7 Votes CarlJ 2 weeks ago Chrome is still kingIn related news, McDonalds makes the best food in the world. Rating: 7 Votes star-affinity 2 weeks ago Anyone got a tip how i can change the name in the Menu to something shorter? Safari Technology Preview kills half the others icons i have stored up there. If you edit the string under <key>CFBundleName</key> in the file here: /Applications/Safari Technology Preview.app/Contents/Info.plist That should do it. (Right-click on the ”Safari Technology Preview.app” in the Finder and choose ”Show Package Contents” to be able to navigate to the Info.plist file in the Finder) Rating: 1 Votes Vashetti 2 weeks ago Still 419 out of 555 on html5test Seems to have fixed an annoying page reload bug I was getting on reddit in the last build though. Rating: 1 Votes nvmls 2 weeks ago Lol it's amazing really.. some saying it's been fine since release 1, I could make a list with over 25 broken things since 1st release, up until last one, unchecked CSS properties in inspector were commented and when checking them back wouldn't un-comment them, also this is the 3rd straight release without HTML5 points improvement, it took them 3 versions to fix something as basic as pixel dimension popover when inspecting elements. Funny how a dev browser has broken tools and some people say it's been fine since release 1? LOL, sure. Also, what's the deal with favicons? If you think having over 30+ open tabs and that favicons are annoying, you must be loving the horizontal tab management behavior as well, as if those monochrome pinned tab icons were a widespread standard today lol, they are so easy to setup and test, it's not like you gotta clear cache everytime or restart the browser, another well thought components for devs. Please go back to school and finish it, being rich ain't enough.. this is the apple consumer today. Also, for the person stucked with version 16.. JS alert dialogs pop-up empty, try it for yourself. Rating: 1 Votes acedout 2 weeks ago Still no webRTC. Yawn. Rating: 1 Votes Elwe 2 weeks ago Safari Technology Preview? No, I hope no one uses that as their main browser. ;) Safari, maybe. Personally, I think Safari is fine, but I prefer Firefox (whose marketshare appears to have fallen in the last few years) from both a philosophical standpoint and for the fact that I have bookmarks synced across different computers (and OSes) with it. God knows I don't use it for the snappy performance. I assume I'm in the minority on the Mac for this preference. :) If you believe most browser statistics, yes--about half of all Web traffic comes from Chrome, though probably a bit less on the Mac (haven't looked it it broken down by OS myself). I do use it as my main browser, and I have done so for many months. I have a reasonably modern and well-equipped 15" MacBook Pro. Quad-core processor, 16gb of ram, and a speedy SSD drive. All that and I still had (and still have at times) resource problems with Chrome over time. I do keep a lot of tabs open, and by over time I mean from a few days to a few weeks. Inevitably, I have to hard kill/restart chrome. I have similar problems on a modern Ubuntu-based workstation. That said, "in a vacuum", I think I prefer the "look and UI" functionality of Chrome amongst all the modern browsers. It is just that Safari has and continues to run the best over time* on my MacBook Pro (Sierra and the previous two main OS versions). Because I use a lot of tabs, I was unwilling to use the mainline Safari 9.x, and so turned to using the Technology Previews. I added a few extensions, and have a fairly stable experience. With the release of Safari 10.x, I supposed I could have moved to the mainline release. But I have not seen the need yet, and I actually like the more frequent release patterns for browsers that Firefox and Chrome and now Edge and Safari (Technology Previews) have embarked on. Some bugs do seem to get fixed faster. * By best over time I mean lowest cpu and memory utilization over time, with fewer crashes. I should say that I have not recently given Firefox a lot of use on my MacBook Pro. It used to be my main browser everywhere, but I was finding a few years ago that Chrome outperformed it quite handily. So I switched to Chrome pretty much everywhere except iOS, and just lived with having to restart every so often (which is admittedly easier with the right extensions installed). But the use of Safari Technology Preview has eliminated even the need for that on my MacBook Pro . . . at least until new revisions are released every month or so. More people should try it as their main browser. I think they would like it, mostly, and appreciate its performance on its native system; though again I do still like the "look and UI" in Chrome a bit more still. Rating: 1 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming iMac Early 2017 Updated models with AMD graphics options expected in early 2017. iPad Pro Early 2017? New ~10.5-inch model with nearly bezel-free design rumored. MacBook Q2 2017 Faster Kaby Lake processors and up to 16 GB of RAM expected in second quarter 2017. iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 Front Page Stories Hands-On With Apple's New BeatsX Earphones 10 hours ago on Front Page Apple's long-awaited BeatsX Earphones became available for purchase this morning, giving Apple customers an alternative to the hard-to-find AirPods. Priced at $149.95, BeatsX Earphones... 60 comments Tim Cook Thinks Augmented Reality is a 'Huge' Idea Like Smartphones 12 hours ago on Front Page Apple CEO Tim Cook has been on a whirlwind of a trip in Europe this week, making stops in France, Germany, and the United Kingdom to meet with everyone from students and developers to Apple retail... 59 comments Apple's Jennifer Bailey Says Customers Are Willing to Switch Banks to Use Apple Pay 14 hours ago on Front Page Apple Pay vice president Jennifer Bailey believes that Apple Pay is valuable enough that "customers will say they are happy to switch banks to use it." Bailey claims Australians are... 153 comments Matte Black iPhone 7 Users Complain About Chipped, Peeling Paint 15 hours ago on Front Page A number of customers who purchased the matte Black iPhone 7 or iPhone 7 Plus have noticed that the anodized finish on their devices has started chipping or peeling off in areas where there has... 237 comments iPhone 8 Said to Feature Iris Scanner to Authenticate With Your Eyes 19 hours ago on Front Page Apple is widely rumored to launch a high-end iPhone with an edge-to-edge OLED display this year, which has been variously called the "iPhone 8" or "iPhone X" to commemorate the... 261 comments BeatsX Earphones Launch on Apple Store for $150 23 hours ago on Front Page Apple today officially launched its much-anticipated BeatsX Earphones on its online store for $149.95, after initially delaying the earphones from Fall 2016 and into February 2017. With the delay... 192 comments Apple Delays Sales of UltraFine 5K Display as LG Works on Shielding Fix 1 day ago on Front Page As LG works on a fix for a Wi-Fi router issue plaguing its UltraFine 27-inch 5K Display, Apple has delayed shipments for the accessory and removed in store pickup options. New orders for the LG... 104 comments iCloud Was Storing Deleted Safari Browser History for Months, but Apple Fixed the Issue 2 days ago on Front Page When clearing Safari browser history, iPhone and iPad users expect all records to be permanently deleted from their devices, but it appears Apple's cross-device browser syncing feature caused... 128 comments • All Three New 2017 iPhones to Feature Wireless Charging (298) • 12.9-Inch iPad Pro in Short Supply Ahead of Rumored March Update (96) • The 2017 iPhone Could Cost Upwards of $1,000 (658) • Google Debuts Android Wear 2.0 Alongside Two New LG Smart Watches (106) • T-Mobile and Verizon Are Basically Tied in Network Speeds and So-Called 'Availability' (169) • Apple Hires Amazon Fire TV Head to Spearhead Apple TV Business (86) • Tim Cook Visits 'Kitchen Stories' Developers and Furniture Maker Dula on German Trip (50)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Husain Sumra Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade Winding the Clocks Back to 'Pocket God' - The TouchArcade Show #294 TouchArcade Needs Your Help - Tell Your Friends and Support Our Patreon TouchArcade Game of the Week: 'Postknight' 'Gravity Galaxy' Looks Like a Fun Orbital Action-Puzzle Game 'Wobblers' Is a Unique High Score Chaser From the Developer of 'Down the Mountain' 'Feudal Feud' Is a Promising Multiplayer Diplomacy/Conquest Game AppShopper Apple Announces New iPhone 6s with 3D Touch Apple Announces iPad Pro with 12.9-inch Retina Display Apple Announces iOS 9, Bringing Split-Screen Multi-tasking to iPad Apple Announces Mac OS X 10.11 'El Capitan' Apple Watch Pre-Orders to Open on April 10, Available Starting on April 24 Apple Announces New 12-inch MacBook with Retina Display Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iPad Air 2 iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS Sierra tvOS 10 watchOS 3 Buyer's Guide Forums iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air Apple VR Project iMac iPad Air 2 Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > Apple to Build 200 Megawatts of Solar Energy in Nevada Through NV Energy Partnership Wednesday January 25, 2017 10:49 AM PST by Juli Clover Apple and Nevada energy company NV Energy today announced a new agreement that will see the two partnering to build 200 megawatts of additional solar energy in Nevada by 2019, which will support Apple's data center in Reno, Nevada. NV Energy will soon enter into a power purchase agreement for the solar power plant, and in the future, Apple will dedicate up to five megawatts of power to NV's upcoming subscription solar program. Image of Apple's Reno data center via the Reno Gazette-Journal "Investing in innovative clean energy sources is vital to Apple's commitment to reaching, and maintaining, 100 percent renewable energy across all our operations," said Apple's vice president for environment, policy and social initiatives Lisa Jackson. "Our partnership with NV Energy helps assure our customers their iMessages, FaceTime video chats and Siri inquiries are powered by clean energy, and supports efforts to offer the choice of green energy to Nevada residents and businesses."Apple has expanded its Reno data center multiple times over the course of the last few years, and is working on a second data center at the same location. Apple's data centers, including the Reno center, are powered by renewable energy, much of which is derived from solar panel farms located nearby the centers. Apple started building a Reno solar farm back in 2013, and will now expand on it. 10 comments Top Rated Comments (View all) vertical smile 2 weeks ago Apple and Nevada energy company NV Energy today announced ('http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/nv-energy-announces-solar-agreement-with-apple-300396620.html') a new agreement that will see the two partnering to build 200 megawatts of additional solar energy 5 more of these will almost be enough for time travel. [MEDIA=youtube]mjCRUvX2D0E[/MEDIA] Rating: 4 Votes mw360 2 weeks ago Powered by 100% solar energy...except for in the night when its powered by nuclear or coal most likely. At least with companies like Tesla they can charge batteries in the day time but with Apple their data centres don't shut down when the sun goes down The solar farms produce enough excess during the day to offset the non-solar usage at night. That means somewhere less coal or uranium is getting burned to the same degree or better than if the solar plant could run during the night. Since all the energy gets mixed into the grid anyway, it doesn't make any sense to talk about where the energy actually goes and comes from. So long as it's made cleanly, the right customer pays for it, and some dirty energy is scaled back to compensate. I can't speak for the US energy grid but other countries are developing batteries in the 200MW range to address the future issue of supply peaks failing to meet demand peaks. Rating: 3 Votes justperry 2 weeks ago 5 more of these will almost be enough for time travel. [MEDIA=youtube]mjCRUvX2D0E[/MEDIA] Now this one will blow your mind then: Last year, China installed 15.13GW of new solar photovoltaic (PV) capacity, reaching a cumulative solar capacity of 43.48GW. China's sets a 2020 solar PV target at 150GW to 200GW. http://www.computerworld.com/article/3147845/sustainable-it/china-leads-the-world-in-solar-power-installations.html ('http://www.computerworld.com/article/3147845/sustainable-it/china-leads-the-world-in-solar-power-installations.html') Rating: 2 Votes Porco 2 weeks ago 5 more of these will almost be enough for time travel. [MEDIA=youtube]mjCRUvX2D0E[/MEDIA] Well, they've been promoting their Time Machine for years after all... :D Anyway, this is very good news. Especially when others are taking the concept of a huge pipeline rather more literally than Apple do... Rating: 2 Votes mw360 2 weeks ago That is pure garbage. The amount of power that needs to be generated at night remains constant and solar power has little impact on that. Power usage at night si actually frustrating for everybody involved in energy generation because often the light loads end up being handled in very inefficient ways. I've no idea how this backs up you 'pure garbage' claim. If Apple is sharing x hundred excess megawatts into the grid during daylight hours, then somewhere else a power station can ramp down its output during those same hours by x hundred megawatts. I think you're saying that isn't fair because the overnight usage, necessarily brings with the the baggage of overnight inefficiencies. Yeah, I could concede that and deduct, what 10% of Apple's kudos? Hardly merits a 'total garbage' though does it? If I didn't want to concede that point, I'd point out that oversupply is really just a problem for fuel-based energy suppliers and it's their problem to solve, not pass blame onto customers. They get suitably punished in their margins, so the free market is applying the pressure there. First; off Uranium is not burned, the heat for the steam generators is generated via nuclear processes. Come on, I know that. Creative license for the sake of brevity. They rest I'd love to chat about, but time is short for me right now. Rating: 1 Votes york2600 2 weeks ago True, Apple doesn't power down their data center at night, but modern servers have a huge variance in power usage depending on system load. I did large scale video processing a few jobs back. Think thousands of servers around the world spitting out videos in different formats for set top and mobile devices. Your servers are working hard when your customers are awake sending you content and they sit fairly idle when your customers are sleeping. Modern servers have really solid power saving functionality. When people are uploading tons of files to iCloud, downloading new apps, or just signing into iCloud Apple's servers are probably running decently hot. 3am: not so much. Here's a Tom's Hardware breakdown on a 1U Intel Xeon 2600 v3s system, which is pretty standard stuff: Idle: 91W Full load: 528W Granted you don't usually run your servers at 100% unless you're doing image/video processing workloads, but you get the point here. Their datacenter can easily drop power usage by 1/2 at night. Peak loads in the day on power grids are crazy. Most places use natural gas generators to supplement their baseline generation. Natural gas is cleaner than coal, but still not the best stuff. Natural gas in your water post fracking is less than great. Generating large amounts of solar during the day absolutely offsets other forms of energy generation. source: paid a power bill more expensive than a lot of houses Rating: 1 Votes Reason077 2 weeks ago That is pure garbage. The amount of power that needs to be generated at night remains constant Grid demand at night is much lower than during the daytime. Peak solar hours correspond fairly well (but not perfectly) with peak demand hours in most regions. Power usage at night si actually frustrating for everybody involved in energy generation because often the light loads end up being handled in very inefficient ways. That's true. Solar, along with storage technologies, helps with this by flattening out the peaks and troughs in demand across the day. That means less need to start and stop gas peaker plants and less need to keep plants idling as spinning reserve, which can be expensive and wasteful. Second; the amount of solar energy generated in this country is a tiny fraction of what is needed to power the country. That tiny contribution to the electrical grid comes with a massive waste of land space, often in areas with sensitive ecosystems. Nonsense. The daily energy demand for the entire USA could be supplied by about 11 million acres of solar panels. That's equivalent to a small corner of Nevada, which has plenty of sunny empty desert available! In fact, a small section of the Sahara desert could power the entire planet's energy demand. Obviously we don't yet have the ability to store and transmit it efficiently/cheaply enough for 100% solar to be a reality, but the point is that the amount of potential energy available via solar is enormous. Sure it does because stupid things like people thinking nuclear energy is dangerous can be addressed. Nuclear energy is certainly less dangerous than highly polluting alternatives like coal, but it is very expensive. Nobody would be bothering much with solar, gas, or coal if nuclear was cheap and easy. Unfortunately it's not. Rating: 1 Votes newdeal 2 weeks ago Powered by 100% solar energy...except for in the night when its powered by nuclear or coal most likely. At least with companies like Tesla they can charge batteries in the day time but with Apple their data centres don't shut down when the sun goes down Rating: 1 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming iMac Early 2017 Updated models with AMD graphics options expected in early 2017. iPad Pro Early 2017? New ~10.5-inch model with nearly bezel-free design rumored. MacBook Q2 2017 Faster Kaby Lake processors and up to 16 GB of RAM expected in second quarter 2017. iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 Front Page Stories Hands-On With Apple's New BeatsX Earphones 10 hours ago on Front Page Apple's long-awaited BeatsX Earphones became available for purchase this morning, giving Apple customers an alternative to the hard-to-find AirPods. Priced at $149.95, BeatsX Earphones... 60 comments Tim Cook Thinks Augmented Reality is a 'Huge' Idea Like Smartphones 12 hours ago on Front Page Apple CEO Tim Cook has been on a whirlwind of a trip in Europe this week, making stops in France, Germany, and the United Kingdom to meet with everyone from students and developers to Apple retail... 59 comments Apple's Jennifer Bailey Says Customers Are Willing to Switch Banks to Use Apple Pay 14 hours ago on Front Page Apple Pay vice president Jennifer Bailey believes that Apple Pay is valuable enough that "customers will say they are happy to switch banks to use it." Bailey claims Australians are... 153 comments Matte Black iPhone 7 Users Complain About Chipped, Peeling Paint 15 hours ago on Front Page A number of customers who purchased the matte Black iPhone 7 or iPhone 7 Plus have noticed that the anodized finish on their devices has started chipping or peeling off in areas where there has... 237 comments iPhone 8 Said to Feature Iris Scanner to Authenticate With Your Eyes 19 hours ago on Front Page Apple is widely rumored to launch a high-end iPhone with an edge-to-edge OLED display this year, which has been variously called the "iPhone 8" or "iPhone X" to commemorate the... 261 comments BeatsX Earphones Launch on Apple Store for $150 23 hours ago on Front Page Apple today officially launched its much-anticipated BeatsX Earphones on its online store for $149.95, after initially delaying the earphones from Fall 2016 and into February 2017. With the delay... 192 comments Apple Delays Sales of UltraFine 5K Display as LG Works on Shielding Fix 1 day ago on Front Page As LG works on a fix for a Wi-Fi router issue plaguing its UltraFine 27-inch 5K Display, Apple has delayed shipments for the accessory and removed in store pickup options. New orders for the LG... 104 comments iCloud Was Storing Deleted Safari Browser History for Months, but Apple Fixed the Issue 2 days ago on Front Page When clearing Safari browser history, iPhone and iPad users expect all records to be permanently deleted from their devices, but it appears Apple's cross-device browser syncing feature caused... 128 comments • All Three New 2017 iPhones to Feature Wireless Charging (298) • 12.9-Inch iPad Pro in Short Supply Ahead of Rumored March Update (96) • The 2017 iPhone Could Cost Upwards of $1,000 (658) • Google Debuts Android Wear 2.0 Alongside Two New LG Smart Watches (106) • T-Mobile and Verizon Are Basically Tied in Network Speeds and So-Called 'Availability' (169) • Apple Hires Amazon Fire TV Head to Spearhead Apple TV Business (86) • Tim Cook Visits 'Kitchen Stories' Developers and Furniture Maker Dula on German Trip (50)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Husain Sumra Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade Winding the Clocks Back to 'Pocket God' - The TouchArcade Show #294 TouchArcade Needs Your Help - Tell Your Friends and Support Our Patreon TouchArcade Game of the Week: 'Postknight' 'Gravity Galaxy' Looks Like a Fun Orbital Action-Puzzle Game 'Wobblers' Is a Unique High Score Chaser From the Developer of 'Down the Mountain' 'Feudal Feud' Is a Promising Multiplayer Diplomacy/Conquest Game AppShopper Apple Announces New iPhone 6s with 3D Touch Apple Announces iPad Pro with 12.9-inch Retina Display Apple Announces iOS 9, Bringing Split-Screen Multi-tasking to iPad Apple Announces Mac OS X 10.11 'El Capitan' Apple Watch Pre-Orders to Open on April 10, Available Starting on April 24 Apple Announces New 12-inch MacBook with Retina Display Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iPad Air 2 iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS Sierra tvOS 10 watchOS 3 Buyer's Guide Forums iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air Apple VR Project iMac iPad Air 2 Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > Dropcam Co-Founder Greg Duffy Joins Apple Wednesday January 25, 2017 12:21 PM PST by Juli Clover Greg Duffy, the founder and former CEO of security camera company Dropcam, has accepted a role at Apple and will be leaving Google, reports The Information. An Apple spokesperson confirmed that Duffy has been hired by Apple, but didn't share details on his role at the company. The Information speculates that he could be leading a special project at Apple, given his background. Duffy who co-founded Dropcam in 2009, led the company until it was acquired by Google-owned Nest for $555 million in mid-2014. Duffy spent several months working for Nest before departing the company in January of 2015 amid rumors of a culture clash between Nest and Dropcam. Duffy was reportedly unhappy with the way Nest founder Tony Fadell ran the Alphabet-owned subsidiary, going as far as referring to him as a "tyrant bureaucrat." At any given time, Apple has multiple "special projects" going on behind the scenes, so it's difficult to speculate on what Duffy could be working on at the company. Apple is rumored to have a range of exploratory products in the works, including the Apple Car, an Amazon Echo-style home hub, an AR product, and more. Tags: Nest, Dropcam, Greg Duffy 18 comments Top Rated Comments (View all) Relentless Power 2 weeks ago Funny comment! Thank you! Anyway, I am still chuckling at the idea of an Apple car. Imagine this. A few car enthusiasts get together, and the following conversation ensues. A: What you driving? B: Porsche 911, yourself? A: 2016 Dodge Viper. B: Cool. What about you, C? C: Audi TT. A: Hey, I! You are so quiet, what you drive? I: ... I drive an Apple. A, B, C: LOL, ROFL, LMAO, LMFAO, LOL, ROFL, LMAO, LMFAO For the record, everyone of your posts on this site are disparaging against Apple in a poor fashion and have zero credibility to the actual topic. Back on topic: Apple is likely seeking to gain more Contribution to the Apple Car with this newest member. Curious to see any more related news on Bob Mansfield and his contributions. Rating: 6 Votes Drumjim85 2 weeks ago But, I thought everyone was leaving Apple, and they're doomed. Rating: 4 Votes 69Mustang 2 weeks ago be careful, im afraid after they gather info they will go back to google. I can see it now: Former Google-former Apple-current Google employee reporting back to Google execs... "They are preparing to use OLED like Samsung, and like everybody else has already done, may offer 4K on the ATV at some point. They might build a Home/Echo type device like Google and Amazon. They have the sweetest set of emoji in their pipeline. I did have a chance to peek in a secret lab and get this... a new watchband, well a new watchband color at least. And as far as I can tell, their famous pipeline is actually an empty hallway at the back of the building where they store old cubicles and left over iPod socks." Rating: 3 Votes djcerla 2 weeks ago When you read that Apple "dropped the ball" on color reproduction, you know you're in that special twilight zone called Macrumors. Rating: 3 Votes truthertech 2 weeks ago Yeah there are a ton of home monitoring products, and they basically all suck. Was visiting my sister and she wanted a setup, so we went to Costco and bought the Netgear Arlo home monitoring system. You talk about a horrid interface and a horrid product overall. The cameras use uncommon CR123 batteries, which cost about $20 a month to replace. Seems like a bizarre way to do it. She returned it and got a canary, but it's a bit of a different solution and not perfect. There's a huge opportunity in the market for a company to come and make an apple-like product "that just works" but I suppose Apple is burning all their courage on removing headphone jacks instead of doing what they do best; finding a gap in the market to perfect. Look, they are spending now around $12 billion dollars a year on R and D. Just because they have decided not to push out an Amazon Echo type product like Amazon and everyone else is, doesn't mean that they aren't working on something much better. The last estimates is that Amazon is losing its shirt on the Echo and has lost over a billion dollars so far in selling them, and the more it sells, the more it loses. Why would Apple follow that scenario.Indeed, the most likely scenario is that they are perfecting something that will blow the market away. Apple owns wireless, has the best rated Wifi router still, and they are the kings of privacy and security, and they have invested billions in next Gen Siri, e.g., Vocal IQ. All of that bodes well for a 2017 blockbuster product that integrates Homekit, Siri, Wireless, and industry leading Apple Security/Privacy. Boom! Rating: 1 Votes mcfrazieriv 2 weeks ago Dropcam was great until Nest bought them. Now the product is unpredictable, has suffered from serious billing issues, and the front end is almost impossible to quickly and accurately navigate footage. Hopefully this guy who started the company brings the best and not the worst. Rating: 1 Votes farewelwilliams 2 weeks ago dropcam for the apple car... call that, crashcam. Rating: 1 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming iMac Early 2017 Updated models with AMD graphics options expected in early 2017. iPad Pro Early 2017? New ~10.5-inch model with nearly bezel-free design rumored. MacBook Q2 2017 Faster Kaby Lake processors and up to 16 GB of RAM expected in second quarter 2017. iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 Front Page Stories Hands-On With Apple's New BeatsX Earphones 10 hours ago on Front Page Apple's long-awaited BeatsX Earphones became available for purchase this morning, giving Apple customers an alternative to the hard-to-find AirPods. Priced at $149.95, BeatsX Earphones... 60 comments Tim Cook Thinks Augmented Reality is a 'Huge' Idea Like Smartphones 12 hours ago on Front Page Apple CEO Tim Cook has been on a whirlwind of a trip in Europe this week, making stops in France, Germany, and the United Kingdom to meet with everyone from students and developers to Apple retail... 59 comments Apple's Jennifer Bailey Says Customers Are Willing to Switch Banks to Use Apple Pay 14 hours ago on Front Page Apple Pay vice president Jennifer Bailey believes that Apple Pay is valuable enough that "customers will say they are happy to switch banks to use it." Bailey claims Australians are... 153 comments Matte Black iPhone 7 Users Complain About Chipped, Peeling Paint 15 hours ago on Front Page A number of customers who purchased the matte Black iPhone 7 or iPhone 7 Plus have noticed that the anodized finish on their devices has started chipping or peeling off in areas where there has... 237 comments iPhone 8 Said to Feature Iris Scanner to Authenticate With Your Eyes 19 hours ago on Front Page Apple is widely rumored to launch a high-end iPhone with an edge-to-edge OLED display this year, which has been variously called the "iPhone 8" or "iPhone X" to commemorate the... 261 comments BeatsX Earphones Launch on Apple Store for $150 23 hours ago on Front Page Apple today officially launched its much-anticipated BeatsX Earphones on its online store for $149.95, after initially delaying the earphones from Fall 2016 and into February 2017. With the delay... 192 comments Apple Delays Sales of UltraFine 5K Display as LG Works on Shielding Fix 1 day ago on Front Page As LG works on a fix for a Wi-Fi router issue plaguing its UltraFine 27-inch 5K Display, Apple has delayed shipments for the accessory and removed in store pickup options. New orders for the LG... 104 comments iCloud Was Storing Deleted Safari Browser History for Months, but Apple Fixed the Issue 2 days ago on Front Page When clearing Safari browser history, iPhone and iPad users expect all records to be permanently deleted from their devices, but it appears Apple's cross-device browser syncing feature caused... 128 comments • All Three New 2017 iPhones to Feature Wireless Charging (298) • 12.9-Inch iPad Pro in Short Supply Ahead of Rumored March Update (96) • The 2017 iPhone Could Cost Upwards of $1,000 (658) • Google Debuts Android Wear 2.0 Alongside Two New LG Smart Watches (106) • T-Mobile and Verizon Are Basically Tied in Network Speeds and So-Called 'Availability' (169) • Apple Hires Amazon Fire TV Head to Spearhead Apple TV Business (86) • Tim Cook Visits 'Kitchen Stories' Developers and Furniture Maker Dula on German Trip (50)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Husain Sumra Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade Winding the Clocks Back to 'Pocket God' - The TouchArcade Show #294 TouchArcade Needs Your Help - Tell Your Friends and Support Our Patreon TouchArcade Game of the Week: 'Postknight' 'Gravity Galaxy' Looks Like a Fun Orbital Action-Puzzle Game 'Wobblers' Is a Unique High Score Chaser From the Developer of 'Down the Mountain' 'Feudal Feud' Is a Promising Multiplayer Diplomacy/Conquest Game AppShopper Apple Announces New iPhone 6s with 3D Touch Apple Announces iPad Pro with 12.9-inch Retina Display Apple Announces iOS 9, Bringing Split-Screen Multi-tasking to iPad Apple Announces Mac OS X 10.11 'El Capitan' Apple Watch Pre-Orders to Open on April 10, Available Starting on April 24 Apple Announces New 12-inch MacBook with Retina Display Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iPad Air 2 iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS Sierra tvOS 10 watchOS 3 Buyer's Guide Forums iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air Apple VR Project iMac iPad Air 2 Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > Apple Adding Finishing Touches to Long-Rumored Store in Cologne, Germany Tuesday January 31, 2017 6:01 AM PST by Joe Rossignol For a few years now, rumors have suggested Apple will be opening its second retail store in Cologne, Germany. The store is expected to be located on Schildergasse, a major shopping street in the city's core that sees some 13,000 people pass through every hour, making it the busiest shopping street in Europe. In April 2015, German website Macerkopf shared images of a building with blacked out windows on Schildergasse. The space was previously occupied by European clothing brand Pohland, which vacated the building earlier that year. Renovations have been underway ever since to transform the location into an Apple Store. The renovation process had led to evidence including Apple's typical blacked out windows and close-up photos revealing Apple-like tables and markings inside. Apple also posted Cologne-based retail job listings in March 2016. And, now, we have our best evidence yet that Apple's second store in Cologne is nearly ready. German website iFun.de today shared an image of a somewhat covered but still easily distinguishable Apple logo affixed to the building. The report claims the store will likely open in the second half of February. Apple will likely confirm the store's opening on its website in the near future—we'll share details when available. Last week, French website iPhon.fr reported Apple is also planning to open a second retail store in Belgium in the city of Bruges by 2018. Related Roundup: Apple Stores Tag: Germany 8 comments Top Rated Comments (View all) automactic 2 weeks ago At first glance at the title, I wasn't sure if the store is to be opened or closed. :-) Rating: 2 Votes itsmilo 2 weeks ago Now get your ass to Stuttgart already! We got Porsche, Daimler and therefore lots of rich Häuslebauer Rating: 1 Votes pepijnb 2 weeks ago I miss Gary Allen Rating: 1 Votes newyorksole 2 weeks ago At first glance at the title, I wasn't sure if the store is to be opened or closed. :) Lmao me too. I read "Apple to close..." Rating: 1 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming iMac Early 2017 Updated models with AMD graphics options expected in early 2017. iPad Pro Early 2017? New ~10.5-inch model with nearly bezel-free design rumored. MacBook Q2 2017 Faster Kaby Lake processors and up to 16 GB of RAM expected in second quarter 2017. iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 Front Page Stories Hands-On With Apple's New BeatsX Earphones 10 hours ago on Front Page Apple's long-awaited BeatsX Earphones became available for purchase this morning, giving Apple customers an alternative to the hard-to-find AirPods. Priced at $149.95, BeatsX Earphones... 60 comments Tim Cook Thinks Augmented Reality is a 'Huge' Idea Like Smartphones 12 hours ago on Front Page Apple CEO Tim Cook has been on a whirlwind of a trip in Europe this week, making stops in France, Germany, and the United Kingdom to meet with everyone from students and developers to Apple retail... 59 comments Apple's Jennifer Bailey Says Customers Are Willing to Switch Banks to Use Apple Pay 14 hours ago on Front Page Apple Pay vice president Jennifer Bailey believes that Apple Pay is valuable enough that "customers will say they are happy to switch banks to use it." Bailey claims Australians are... 153 comments Matte Black iPhone 7 Users Complain About Chipped, Peeling Paint 15 hours ago on Front Page A number of customers who purchased the matte Black iPhone 7 or iPhone 7 Plus have noticed that the anodized finish on their devices has started chipping or peeling off in areas where there has... 237 comments iPhone 8 Said to Feature Iris Scanner to Authenticate With Your Eyes 19 hours ago on Front Page Apple is widely rumored to launch a high-end iPhone with an edge-to-edge OLED display this year, which has been variously called the "iPhone 8" or "iPhone X" to commemorate the... 261 comments BeatsX Earphones Launch on Apple Store for $150 23 hours ago on Front Page Apple today officially launched its much-anticipated BeatsX Earphones on its online store for $149.95, after initially delaying the earphones from Fall 2016 and into February 2017. With the delay... 192 comments Apple Delays Sales of UltraFine 5K Display as LG Works on Shielding Fix 1 day ago on Front Page As LG works on a fix for a Wi-Fi router issue plaguing its UltraFine 27-inch 5K Display, Apple has delayed shipments for the accessory and removed in store pickup options. New orders for the LG... 104 comments iCloud Was Storing Deleted Safari Browser History for Months, but Apple Fixed the Issue 2 days ago on Front Page When clearing Safari browser history, iPhone and iPad users expect all records to be permanently deleted from their devices, but it appears Apple's cross-device browser syncing feature caused... 128 comments • All Three New 2017 iPhones to Feature Wireless Charging (298) • 12.9-Inch iPad Pro in Short Supply Ahead of Rumored March Update (96) • The 2017 iPhone Could Cost Upwards of $1,000 (658) • Google Debuts Android Wear 2.0 Alongside Two New LG Smart Watches (106) • T-Mobile and Verizon Are Basically Tied in Network Speeds and So-Called 'Availability' (169) • Apple Hires Amazon Fire TV Head to Spearhead Apple TV Business (86) • Tim Cook Visits 'Kitchen Stories' Developers and Furniture Maker Dula on German Trip (50)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Husain Sumra Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade Winding the Clocks Back to 'Pocket God' - The TouchArcade Show #294 TouchArcade Needs Your Help - Tell Your Friends and Support Our Patreon TouchArcade Game of the Week: 'Postknight' 'Gravity Galaxy' Looks Like a Fun Orbital Action-Puzzle Game 'Wobblers' Is a Unique High Score Chaser From the Developer of 'Down the Mountain' 'Feudal Feud' Is a Promising Multiplayer Diplomacy/Conquest Game AppShopper Apple Announces New iPhone 6s with 3D Touch Apple Announces iPad Pro with 12.9-inch Retina Display Apple Announces iOS 9, Bringing Split-Screen Multi-tasking to iPad Apple Announces Mac OS X 10.11 'El Capitan' Apple Watch Pre-Orders to Open on April 10, Available Starting on April 24 Apple Announces New 12-inch MacBook with Retina Display Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
Slashdot Stories Firehose All Popular Polls Deals Submit Search Slashdot Login or Sign up Topics: Devices Build Entertainment Technology Open Source Science YRO Follow us: RSS Facebook Google+ Twitter Newsletter Catch up on stories from the past week (and beyond) at the Slashdot story archive   Nickname: Password: Public Terminal Forgot your password? Close binspamdupenotthebestofftopicslownewsdaystalestupid freshfunnyinsightfulinterestingmaybe offtopicflamebaittrollredundantoverrated insightfulinterestinginformativefunnyunderrated descriptive typodupeerror Trust the World's Fastest VPN with Your Internet Security & Freedom - A Lifetime Subscription of PureVPN at 88% off. Also, Slashdot's Facebook page has a chat bot now. Message it for stories and more. × 89024909 story The Leap Week: Did Apple Really Have a Record Quarter? (lapcatsoftware.com) 53 Posted by msmash on Monday February 06, 2017 @10:20AM from the leap-week dept. An anonymous reader shares a blog post: Apple stated that Q1 FY2017 was an all-time record for quarterly revenue. The media dutifully and mostly uncritically spread this "great" news for Apple. Technically the claim is true, the revenue was an all-time record. True but misleading. Although Apple didn't lie as such, you might say there was a sin of omission, and a definite spin of the facts. Most Apple fiscal quarters are 13 weeks long. Once in a while, however, they need a 14 week quarter. You might call it a "leap quarter". There was a good explanation of this financial practice a few years ago in Slate. Apple's Q1 2017 was a 14 week quarter, for the first time since Q1 2013. John Gruber writes at DaringFireball, "Adjusted for the extra week, Apple actually had another down quarter." apple business iphone ← Related Links → 'The End Of The Level Playing Field' Apple Sets a New Record For iPhone Sales China To Add More than 50 Million New Urban Jobs in 2016-2020 The Leap Week: Did Apple Really Have a Record Quarter? More | Reply Login The Leap Week: Did Apple Really Have a Record Quarter? Post Load All Comments  Full  Abbreviated  Hidden /Sea Score: 5 4 3 2 1 0 -1 More | Reply Login   Nickname: Password: Public Terminal Forgot your password? Close Close Search 53 Comments Log In/Create an Account Comments Filter: All Insightful Informative Interesting Funny The Fine Print: The following comments are owned by whoever posted them. We are not responsible for them in any way. 1 reply beneath your current threshold. Of course (Score:5, Informative) by aaarrrgggh ( 9205 ) writes: on Monday February 06, 2017 @10:28AM (#53811841) Anyone that watches Apple knows this, and it isn't that big of a deal. Next year they will be penalized by IT in the same vein. It really doesn't say much though, unless you assume revenue was flat for the quarter. Christmas being on (iirc) a Thursday actually has a bigger impact as the "holiday season" is longer. Considering the discount Apple is at in the market compared to MS, GOOG, FB, CRM, it was a "record" quarter. Most of those companies also end their fiscal year on the last Saturday of the year. Reply to This Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Second derivative != profit (Score:3) by goombah99 ( 560566 ) writes: So the quarter before the last quarter was shorter than average but I didn't see any articles saying that was misleading because it was a short quarter. No this is only brought up when the newas sounds good. In reality what's being argues about here is the rate of growth of the rate of income. a second derivative. Apple's trend is actually growing in revenue steadily steadily. Re: (Score:1) by Anonymous Coward writes: So the quarter before the last quarter was shorter than average but I didn't see any articles saying that was misleading because it was a short quarter. Was it a short quarter? TFS makes it sound like most quarters are 13 weeks, with an occasional 14 week quarter. In order for it to be a short quarter, it would need to have been less than 13 weeks. I still agree that these people are grasping at straws in order to hate on Apple, but I don't really understand your logic. Re: (Score:2) by TheFakeTimCook ( 4641057 ) writes: So the quarter before the last quarter was shorter than average but I didn't see any articles saying that was misleading because it was a short quarter. No this is only brought up when the newas sounds good. In reality what's being argues about here is the rate of growth of the rate of income. a second derivative. Apple's trend is actually growing in revenue steadily steadily. Exactly. If you stand back a little ways, the "jaggies" start to blur together, and you start seeing the "Trend" a lot easier. And, overall, Apple's "trend" looks a LOT healthier [statista.com] than say, Microsoft's [statista.com]... Re:Of course (Score:5, Informative) by Anubis IV ( 1279820 ) writes: on Monday February 06, 2017 @10:54AM (#53812043) Anyone that watches Apple knows this, and it isn't that big of a deal. Next year they will be penalized by IT in the same vein. Exactly. Next year they'll have that much further to have to go if they don't want to report a down quarter, so it's of virtually no net-benefit to them. That said, it is of interest that the last few times they've had a 14-week quarter, they've mentioned it right at the start of their briefing in order to set expectations, whereas there was no mention of it this time. I don't think they were trying to hide anything, but I don't think they were doing the media any favors. In fact, I'd wager that they were trying to let the media jump to the obvious conclusions so that they might benefit from a short-term reversal in the narrative that's been playing out. Of course, it's also questionable whether or not they even would have had a down quarter had it been a 13-week quarter, given the positioning of Christmas within the quarter. The summary pulled just the "had another down quarter" portion from DaringFireball's comments [daringfireball.net], but the original quote actually continued on with: I don’t think it’s quite right to ding the quarter by a full 8 percent — the entire last week started with Christmas day — but surely some sort of correction is necessary for year-over-year comparisons. Ideally, we'd consider the last 13 weeks of the year, eliminating the first week from their 14-week quarter. Unfortunately, Apple doesn't break the numbers down so we can do that, which means our best approximation is to knock their numbers down by 1/14th. Doing that, however, results in us giving as much weight to their first week—which was likely their weakest—as we give Christmas week, thus unfairly punishing them for having a longer quarter. Obviously, that would result in a greater downward shift than is warranted. Reply to This Parent Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re:Of course (Score:4, Interesting) by Anubis IV ( 1279820 ) writes: on Monday February 06, 2017 @01:45PM (#53813337) The tech crowd echo chamber had a lot to say about the headphone jack disappearing and the new MacBook Pros being a lousy update, but the unit sales on both of those devices point to the masses simply not caring. Both of them were stated to be setting sales records for Apple even before these financials came out. I do agree that there is plenty of criticism warranted against Tim Cook's Apple. I feel as if he's fallen into the profits trap that Steve Jobs famously talked about [forbes.com] when he was asked in 1995 about why the Mac failed to be a bigger deal. But I also see this whole "no innovation" argument as a bit of a double standard. Under Jobs, they put out evolutionary products (i.e. incremental updates) each year, but only put out revolutionary products (i.e. Mac, iPod, iPhone, and arguably the iPad) once per decade or so. The fact that they haven't had one since his 2011 death is not surprising, though it doesn't bode well for the company either. They clearly thought the Watch would be a revolutionary product, but, as with the iPad, it took them a couple of years before they even realized what it should be used for, let alone to start marketing it so that people would understand the benefits. Reply to This Parent Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re: (Score:2) by Anubis IV ( 1279820 ) writes: Let me clarify what I was getting at, since it seems you aren't picking up what I was putting down. You know 90%+ of desktop users run Windows, so it must be *a lot* better than macOS and Linux This seems to be the crux of the misunderstanding. I wasn't arguing that these were better products. I was pointing out that consumer demand for these products isn't being driven by the things the tech community cares about, which should be plainly obvious to anyone who does an Apples-to-Apples comparison of their current sales figures with their previous sales figures. If sales go up relative to previous year 1 reply beneath your current threshold. Re: (Score:1) by thegarbz ( 1787294 ) writes: but the unit sales on both of those devices point to the masses simply not caring Actually the unit sales have little to do with that, especially in a lineup of devices replacing ageing and obsolete equipment with very high levels of vendor lock-in. What's a person gonna do? Throw away their software library and adopt another platform? Re: (Score:2) by Anubis IV ( 1279820 ) writes: especially in a lineup of devices replacing ageing and obsolete equipment with very high levels of vendor lock-in. What's a person gonna do? Throw away their software library and adopt another platform? The previous MacBook Pro and iPhone updates benefitted from those same factors, yet these latest updates are the ones that set new sales records. The fact that they're seeing sales growth suggests that some new factors are at play, rather than factors that have been true all along, such as the ones you said. In the case of the MacBook Pro update, my best guess is a combination of the tech community completely missing the appeal of the devices (i.e. par for the course, though I include myself in that group, s Re: (Score:2) by thegarbz ( 1787294 ) writes: The previous MacBook Pro and iPhone updates benefitted from those same factors Err no. This has been one of the longest running gaps in the MacBook refresh cycle, and the iPhone 6 had a lacklustre reception too. The iPhone 5 introduced a significant leap from the 4. The 6 for the most part was uninteresting (unlike the 6+). There were lots of people holding out for a 7. Re: (Score:2) by Anubis IV ( 1279820 ) writes: Regarding the gap with the MacBook Pro, I quite agree that that's the biggest factor at play. I didn't realize you were getting at quite that point, so I apologize for arguing about something that we actually agree on. That said, when I said the factors were the same, I was intending to speak primarily towards your comments regarding vendor lock-in. The lock-in has remained unchanged over the years, so it alone doesn't produce changes in sales. It does, however, enable other factors (e.g. pent-up demand) to 2 replies beneath your current threshold. Re: (Score:2) by wertigon ( 1204486 ) writes: No, it's probably a down quarter for 13W, because many people shop on the sales directly after x-mas or get promised a cell phone at x-mas and buy it afterward because they don't know the color they'd like or something like that. Oh well... :) Re: (Score:2) by Anubis IV ( 1279820 ) writes: No, it's probably a down quarter for 13W, because many people shop on the sales directly after x-mas or get promised a cell phone at x-mas and buy it afterward because they don't know the color they'd like or something like that. The post-Christmas week is always part of their fourth quarter financials, so it makes no sense to remove it from consideration like you're suggesting we do. Re: (Score:2) by Anubis IV ( 1279820 ) writes: Your response makes no sense to me (what don't you disagree with? what did they announce now? what's slimy?), so I'll address it in generalities. Anyone paying attention has known for years that this particular quarter would be a 14-week quarter for Apple, since their fourth quarters always end on the last Saturday of the calendar year. They didn't suddenly and arbitrarily choose to make this quarter longer to pad their numbers. It just happened to be that way. Other companies have to deal with leap quarters 2 replies beneath your current threshold. 2 replies beneath your current threshold. Old News (Score:5, Informative) by ghoul ( 157158 ) writes: on Monday February 06, 2017 @10:28AM (#53811847) Already been discussed on Slashdot day of earnings release Fudging the Math [slashdot.org] Reply to This Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate 1 reply beneath your current threshold. News for financiers (Score:1) by xxxJonBoyxxx ( 565205 ) writes: >> Did Apple Really Have a Record Quarter? Slow news day? How about something that nerds might care about. We all know Apple is coasting (and the stock price will gradually decline), but unless someone's started a Kickstarter to acquire Macbook from Apple's disinterested management team, then how 'bout saving the front page space for something that...er...matters? Re: (Score:2) by NatasRevol ( 731260 ) writes: Tech company finances don't matter to nerds (who probably in sum hold billions of dollars in tech company stock)? Or are you just a generic Apple hater? Re: (Score:2) by xxxJonBoyxxx ( 565205 ) writes: >> company finances don't matter to nerds (who...hold...company stock) In additional to Apple, also hold own a bunch of stock in GM, Exxon, and other random companies. But I don't need to hear about their quarterly earnings on Slashdot - there are plenty of other outlets that do a hell of a better job of that. Re: (Score:2) by Austerity Empowers ( 669817 ) writes: Most nerds I know given RSUs from their employers, including nerds who work at Apple, sell their company stock pretty much as soon as it vests. The logic, which I don't argue with, is that by being employees they already have far too many eggs in that one basket. Given that most RSUs given to employees in every company vest over a 4 year period, that basket is pretty fucking heavy already. There's no real narrative to lock on to here, sell it and diversify, if your company tanks and you get laid off, you wi Re: (Score:2) by NatasRevol ( 731260 ) writes: My dad retired about a decade ago. His company stock was ~70% of his portfolio. He lives off dividends (VERYnicely) AND the stock has grown more than anything else in his portfolio over that time. About 2x the S&P 500. He's literally wealthier now than when he retired. He tells his financial advisor to ignore his company stock and just help manage the rest of it. 2 replies beneath your current threshold. Re: (Score:2) by DontBeAMoran ( 4843879 ) writes: What the hell do you mean, 20g per day? Our current ration is already way too much chocolate! Addressed In the Call (Score:1) by Anonymous Coward writes: Apple addressed the 13 week vs 14 week difference head-on in the conference call: We had the benefit of a 14th week during the quarter this year, but this was offset by four factors. First, this year we grew China inventory significantly less than a year ago. Second, iPhone 7 launched earlier in the September quarter compared to the iPhone 6s launch the previous year, creating a more difficult comparison for the December quarter this year. Third, the stronger U.S. dollar affected total revenue growth this ye Re: (Score:3) by itsdapead ( 734413 ) writes: Or, to put it another way, the apparent quarter-on-quarter growth that they were happy to see trumpeted in all the headlines was less than the "measurement error" due to the way the figures were calculated. (As, to be fair, is any quarter-on-quarter decrease of the same size). So, a flat quarter then... Of course, for a quarter during which Apple's main competitor in the phone market (Samsung) had to withdraw their new flagship phone, Apple's iPhone 7 (a completely new phone c.f. last year's 6s spec bump) h Re: (Score:2) by itsdapead ( 734413 ) writes: Your Apple hate makes you powerfully stupid Funny. I'm typing this on a Mac. Got an iPad too. I just ignored the little cartons labelled "drink me" that they include in the box... was that important? Re: (Score:1) by Some_Llama ( 763766 ) writes: yes, if he did worse... in athletics you try to do better each time, when you start to decline you either turn to coaching or do something other than sports. everything that has a beginning has an end, the sign of the end is decline. but keep holding onto that dream.. maybe you could dig up some advice from older apple employees as well. i'll let you borrow my shovel. 1 reply beneath your current threshold. 1 reply beneath your current threshold. Leap Week + Reduced Competition (Score:5, Insightful) by PortHaven ( 242123 ) writes: on Monday February 06, 2017 @11:08AM (#53812155) Homepage So when you combine an extra week, in combination with a quarter in which your #1 rival fails to deliver their competing phone leaving a gap in the 2.5 year upgrade pattern. Yup... The quarter that the Samsung S8/Note 8 arrive will be much different and more realistic. Reply to This Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re: (Score:1) by Anonymous Coward writes: I'm sure it will explode onto the scene. Re: (Score:1, Flamebait) by green1 ( 322787 ) writes: There's simply no reason to buy an Apple product. You act like this is a new phenomenon, there hasn't been a reason to buy an Apple product in 2 decades. They've consistently been behind their competition in product features and ease of use, and their prices have been significantly higher just to add insult to injury. Apple does one thing well, and only one thing. Marketing. They are amazing at marketing, they can take a second or third rate product, and attract a rabidly loyal fan base to it. Any other company would kill for that ability. Re: (Score:1) by Anonymous Coward writes: Its always amusing to find people who actually appear to believe this nonsense. Also, a bit scary. 1 reply beneath your current threshold. Does not matter to Joe Taxpayer, who won't get... (Score:1) by ffkom ( 3519199 ) writes: ... anything from this, while Apple keeps stockpiling money in remote tax evasion havens. Alternative facts (Score:1) by twebb72 ( 903169 ) writes: Its not a down quarter... Just alternative facts 8 replies beneath your current threshold. There may be more comments in this discussion. Without JavaScript enabled, you might want to turn on Classic Discussion System in your preferences instead. Related Links Top of the: day, week, month. 761 commentsApple Cites 'Courage' As Reason To Remove 3.5mm Headphone Jack 742 commentsChina Threatens To Cut Sales of iPhones and US Cars if 'Naive' Trump Pursues Trade War 678 commentsCompany Creates Gun That Looks Like a Cellphone 675 commentsPhil Schiller Says the MacBook Pro Doesn't Need an SD Card Slot 596 commentsDOJ Threatens To Seize iOS Source Code next China To Add More than 50 Million New Urban Jobs in 2016-2020 53 comments previous 'The End Of The Level Playing Field' 108 comments Slashdot Top Deals Slashdot Post Moderate Moderator Help Delete Get more comments 53 of 53 loaded Submit Story Nearly every complex solution to a programming problem that I have looked at carefully has turned out to be wrong. -- Brent Welch FAQ Story Archive Hall of Fame Advertising Terms Privacy Opt Out Choices About Feedback Mobile View Blog Trademarks property of their respective owners. Comments owned by the poster. Copyright © 2017 SlashdotMedia. All Rights Reserved. Close Close Slashdot Working...
Menu Home + Nation Abu Dhabi Dubai Sharjah Ras Al Khaimah Fujairah Umm Al Quwain Ajman + News General Crime Weather Transport Health Government Education + Region Bahrain Kuwait Oman Qatar Saudi Arabia MENA + International India Pakistan Philippines Rest of Asia Europe Americas Africa Others Trump Visa Ban + Business Local Business Global Business Markets Economy Auto Finance Energy Infrastructure Real Estate Telecom Aviation Corporate Gold/Forex Shipping + Sports Local Sports Global Sports Cricket Football Tennis Horse racing F 1 Golf Motor Sports + Technology Computers Features Game Zone Industry Mobiles Gadgets and Electronics KT 10 + Specials Year Of Giving 2017 Life Is Like That Humour Junction Idea Graph Happiness Times Abu Dhabi Grand Prix Battle For White House Demonetisation in India Dubai Airshow 2015 Dubai World Cup 2016 Euro 2016 Flydubai Plane Crash Global Village 2016-17 ICC World Twenty20 India Budget 2017-18 Indian Premier League 2016 Mubadala Tennis Championships New Year 2017 Olympics 2016 UAE and India: Ties that bind UAE FLAG DAY Wimbledon 2016 Yas Island - Anime + City Times In The City Newsmakers Hollywood Bollywood South Stars Movie reviews Music + Lifestyle Fashion Beauty Health and Fitness Art and Culture Food Homes Travel + WKND Editor's Note Letters to WKND Editor Editor's Picks What's Hot Interviews Pursuits Bollywood Mindsport Life Coach When Hunger Strikes Beauty Basics Get her look Zapped by Apps Hard Drive On The Road Food and Dining Horoscope A Day In The Life Of It's My Life Personal Trainer People Offbeat + Legal View Employment Sponsorship Visa and Immigration Property Cyber Laws Banking Laws Others Legal Matters Opinion and Editorial Letters + Photos Nation (photos) International (photos) Business (photos) Sports (photos) Entertainment (photos) Lifestyle (photos) Stars at KT (photos) + Videos Nation (videos) International (videos) Business (videos) Sports (videos) Entertainment (videos) Lifestyle (videos) Technology (videos) CEO Insights (videos) Ramadan Rio Olympics 2016 (videos) + Gold/forex UAE Bahrain Qatar + Utilities Prayer Timings Cinema listings Weather GCC Airport Departures / Arrivals Competitions + Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Food Travel Lifestyle Fashion + E-Magazines wknd Inspired Living Style Cookbook E-Paper India Republic Day Parent Talk Supplements Slide Menus Show/Hide Left Slide Menu Show/Hide Right Slide Menu Show/Hide Top Slide Menu Show/Hide Bottom Slide Menu Titles : Khaleej Times SUBSCRIBE COMPETITIONS E-PAPER KT Buzzon Specials Multimedia E-Magazines | Logout City Times WKND Style Inspired Living KT Home Life Is Like That Humour Junction Idea Graph Happiness Times Global Village 2016-17 Dubai Desert Classic 2017 Photos Videos wknd Inspired Living Style Parent Talk Follow Us Sign in using OR Forgot Password? Register Now! Terms | Privacy Mobiles Nation News KT 10 Region INTL GOLD/FOREX Legal View Business Sports Technology City Times Entertainment WKND Jobs Search POPULAR TOPICS Prayer Timings Cinema Listings Weather Supplements| Live Flight Status | Style MORE Listicles IPL 2016 Parent Talk Inspired Living Dubai Airshow 2015 UAE-India Ties World T20 PRAYER TIMES Computers | Features | Game Zone | Industry | Mobiles | Gadgets & Electronics Abu Dhabi | Dubai | Sharjah | Ras Al Khaimah | Fujairah | Umm Al Quwain | Ajman General | Crime | Weather | Transport | Health | Government | Education Bahrain | Kuwait | Oman | Qatar | Saudi Arabia | Mena India | Pakistan | Philippines | Rest of Asia | Europe | Americas | Africa | Others UAE | Bahrain | Qatar Employment | Sponsorship | Visa and Immigration | Property | Cyber Laws | Banking Laws | Others Legal Matters Local Business | Global Business | Economy | Markets | Auto | Finance | Energy | Infrastructure | Real Estate | Telecom | Aviation | Corporate | Gold/Forex | Shipping Local Sports | Global Sports | Cricket | Football | Tennis | Horse Racing | F 1 | Golf | Motor Sports Computers | Features | Game Zone | Industry | Mobiles | Gadgets & Electronics In The City | Newsmakers | Hollywood | Bollywood | South Stars | Movie Reviews | Music Bollywood | Hollywood | Food | Travel | Lifestyle | Fashion Editor's Note | Letters to WKND Editor | What's Hot | Interviews | Pursuits | Mindsport | Life Coach | When Hunger Strikes | Beauty Basics | Food and Dining Banking/Financial Services | Administration | Architect/Interior Design | Construction/Civil Engineer | Medical/Healthcare | Marketing   HOME > Technology > Mobiles Apple may take Dh25.6m hit from iPhone 6s recall in UAE Alvin R, Cabral/Dubai Filed on February 6, 2017 | Last updated on February 6, 2017 at 11.15 pm Share More > Vote (Reuters) Some 88,700 units manufactured in China between September and October 2015 are affected. Apple is apparently pushing ahead with its recall of iPhone 6s smartphones in the UAE because of an issue that causes units to unexpectedly shut down - and it would cost them "only" a few million dirhams. According to local media reports, the US technology giant has sent a letter to the UAE Ministry of Economy, informing them of the move. Some 88,700 units manufactured in China between September and October 2015 are affected. Dr Hashim Al Nuaimi, the director of the Consumer Protection Department at the UAE Ministry of Economy, said in a statement that Apple has informed the ministry of defective batteries in specific iPhone 6s models, produced in China between September and October 2015. The statement added that the phones were being recalled as part of regular campaigns that include testing products for reasons that may be unrelated to safety. Some 88,700 units manufactured in China between September and October 2015 are affected. On the support page of Apple regarding the matter - in which users can verify if their units are qualified for the recall - the company points out that "this is not a safety issue" and that it only affects "a limited serial number range". The page also makes it clear that only the battery will be replaced and not the entire unit. Apple confirmed the reports in a statement to Khaleej Times late on Monday. "Apple has determined that a very small number of iPhone 6s devices may unexpectedly shut down. This is not a safety issue and only affects devices within a limited serial number range that were manufactured between September and October 2015," the Cupertino, California-headquartered company said in the statement. Additionally, Apple also shared a statement from Dr Al Nuaimi, who said that the phones were "replaced as part of regular campaigns that include testing products for reasons that may be unrelated to safety". "The replacement programme ma also be part of maintenance campaigns withing the framework of the ministry's efforts to monitor the markets and protect consumers in collaboration with phone companies. Users of iPhones are asked to check Apple's website or visit a customer service centre to see if their device is eligible for battery replacement."   Crunching the numbers Apple's UAE website says battery service for the iPhone 6s - for all iPhone models, in fact - is at Dh289. Giving freebie repairs to all those units would set them back at least Dh25.6 million, since iPhones up for repairs have to go through tests before determining the final fee. It's a huge sum by any means, but the amount is almost zero - 0.03 per cent, roughly - of Apple's record-shattering $78.35 billion revenue it netted in its most recent fiscal fourth quarter. This figure is sure to grow when other recalls from different parts of the world are factored in. However, Apple's potential hit may not grow astronomically since the issue only concerns batteries and not entire units. For comparison, estimates pegged Samsung's global loss from the Galaxy Note 7 debacle at around $17 billion (Dh62.4 billion). For Apple to match that figure, they would to repair over 216 million more iPhone 6s units (based on the UAE service fee). Aside from the support page, Apple-centric news website 9to5mac also gave users additional information on how to identify if their iPhone 6s phones are eligible for battery replacement. According to the site, devices affected bear any of the following characters in the fourth and fifth positions of an iPhone 6s' serial number: Q3, Q4, Q5, Q6, Q7, Q8, Q9, QC, QD, QF, QG, QH or QJ. - alvin@khaleejtimes.com Share More > Vote ERROR: Macro /ads/dfp-ads is missing! MORE FROM Technology Technology This is Steve Jobs' last project His last work - Apple Inc's sprawling new headquarters in Cupertino,... READ MORE Technology Over 100 tech giants file legal brief against... The companies including Apple, Google, Microsoft came together late... READ MORE Mobiles Apple may take Dh25.6m hit from iPhone 6s recall... Some 88,700 units manufactured in China between September and October ... READ MORE Mobiles The Honor 6X - the premium phone for the people Why say no to a powerful phone on the cheap? READ MORE MORE FROM Khaleej Times Weather Photos: How Dubai royal family enjoyed snowy,... Al Maktoum family's youth were out with the residents. READ MORE Saudi Arabia Man tries to set himself alight at Makkah Grand... Police said the man was in his 40s. READ MORE Year Of Giving 2017 Dubai-based businessman bails out 4,500 prisoners At the moment, Firoz Merchant is busy personally interviewing more... READ MORE Abu Dhabi Pakistani driver escapes from burning school bus Read how mandatory emergency training received from the Emirates... READ MORE   Popular Voted Weather Dubai to get more rainfall than ever before 65140 views | 6 February 2017 General First woman pilot in Dubai royal Al Maktoum family takes flight 54464 views | 5 February 2017 India Man kisses rescued cobra to take selfie, dies 31390 views | 6 February 2017 Year Of Giving 2017 Dubai-based businessman bails out 4,500 prisoners 28590 views | 6 February 2017 Auto When a Dubai Nissan Patrol beat a million-dollar Porsche 24230 views | 6 February 2017 Rest of Asia Watch: 18 killed, 2 injured in massage parlour fire 19790 views | 6 February 2017 India Groom dies minutes before tying knot 19483 views | 6 February 2017 Transport Beware! New radars to spot lane violations in Dubai 13184 views | 6 February 2017 Saudi Arabia Watch: Man tries to set himself alight at Makkah Grand Mosque 11027 views | 7 February 2017 Dubai Honest Pakistani cabbie in Dubai returns Dh180,000; is rewarded 10820 views | 6 February 2017 Crime I was told packet contained medicine, man tells court 7970 views | 6 February 2017 Mobiles Apple may take Dh25.6m hit from iPhone 6s recall in UAE 7913 views | 6 February 2017 General Doctors treat Filipino woman who slipped into 9-month coma 7776 views | 6 February 2017 Bollywood Kareena Kapoor shines as showstopper at fashion week 7315 views | 6 February 2017 Aviation Dubai-Melbourne Qantas flight diverted to Singapore 6080 views | 6 February 2017 Weather It will snow and rain this weekend in UAE 584 votes | 1 February 2017 Trump Visa Ban Trump visa ban an internal affair: UAE minister 396 votes | 1 February 2017 Technology WhatsApp's new feature tells your boss where you are 326 votes | 1 February 2017 Offbeat Watch: Woman trips over her outfit, drops her baby to death 316 votes | 1 February 2017 Property Costliest property purchase: Indian buys Dubai's most expensive villa for Dh53 million 288 votes | 1 February 2017 Telecom Etisalat offers free mobile, premium TV services 233 votes | 1 February 2017 Kuwait Pakistanis are welcome in Kuwait, says ambassador 192 votes | 2 February 2017 Weather Watch: Snowfall in UAE, temperature hits -2.2 degree 120 votes | 3 February 2017 International Indian-origin mom told to prove she was breastfeeding 118 votes | 1 February 2017 India Pakistani-Indian couple fight their way to a fairytale wedding 117 votes | 2 February 2017 Year Of Giving 2017 Dubai-based businessman bails out 4,500 prisoners 115 votes | 6 February 2017 Travel Now, board your plane faster at Dubai airport 109 votes | 7 February 2017 Weather Watch: Rain hits Dubai, other parts of UAE 107 votes | 2 February 2017 Abu Dhabi Abu Dhabi school bus catches fire 96 votes | 1 February 2017 Gold/Forex Gold prices fall. Time to buy? 91 votes | 1 February 2017   KT App Download All new KT app is available for download: Newsletter Get the latest news around the world in your inbox, so you dont miss out on the action. Accept Terms & Conditions ©2017 Khaleej Times. All rights reserved.   News Nation Region International Technology Business Markets Economy Auto Finance Energy Infrastructure Real Estate Telecom Aviation Gold/Forex Sports Local Sports Cricket Football Tennis Horse Racing F 1 Golf Global Sports Lifestyle Fashion Beauty Health & Fitness Art & Culture Food Home City Times In The City Newsmakers Indian Cinema Movie Reviews Music   Travel Health Offbeat Legal View Opinion & Editorials Letters Photos   Videos Gold/Forex Prayer Timings Cinema Listings Weather E-Paper KT buzzon Inspired Living   About Us Advertise With Us Contact Us Privacy Policy   KT App Download iPhone | iPad Android
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: 5 Must-Read Quotes From Skyworks Solutions' Latest Investor Call From efforts to diversify the business to growth opportunities ahead, these quotes will help investors better understand the semiconductor specialist's future. Brian Feroldi (TMFTypeoh) Feb 6, 2017 at 9:21AM Analog semiconductor manufacturer Skyworks Solutions (NASDAQ:SWKS) recently reported strong fiscal first-quarter results that came in ahead of management's guidance. Traders cheered the report, sending shares up by double digits. While Skyworks' press release had a lot of good information to share, the company's conference call is also a great source of additional insights. Below are five must-read quotes from the call. Image source: Getty Images. On diversifying the business One of the biggest knocks against Skyworks is that the company is overly reliant on Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL). That argument holds water today, as the Mac maker still accounts for more than 40% of Skyworks' total revenue. However, management affirmed on the call that the company is growing quite well with all of its customers, not just Apple. Here's what CEO Liam Griffin had to say about the company's growth excluding its "largest customer": Our growth and success outside of our largest customer has been outstanding. Huawei became the No. 2 account for us this last quarter. They're going to continue to be one of our leaders. We have our customer in Korea who will continue to grow significantly into 2017. And our largest customers will set up very well for us as well, as we address some very complex architectures with compelling products. So we feel really good about that on the mobile side. And then let me remind you that the broad market portfolio, from infrastructure to IoT [Internet of Things] to early stages of automotive, all look good, and the staff there are double-digit year over year. CEO Griffin also rattled off several examples of new-design wins or expanding relationships with these other customers. Specifically, he called out relationships with companies such as Comcast, Netgear, Ubiquiti Networks, Xiaomi, "multiple tier 1 OEMs," among others. On returning to year-over-year growth Apple's decision in 2016 to reduce its channel inventory levels had a big impact on Skyworks. In fact, Skyworks revenue declined year over year in each of the last three quarterly reports, which isn't something that growth investors like to see. Thankfully, CFO Kris Sennesael says that the days of declining sales growth are over: I think we've weathered a bit of a storm here in 2016 and most of the clouds there have abated. And it's not just market shifts. We're gaining share, we're creating new content, we're expanding in IoT and in broad markets, and it's meaningful, and it's sustainable. We're confident that the second half for us ... should be a double-digit growth rate year-over-year. For the upcoming quarter, management is guiding for revenue growth of 8% and earnings-per-share growth of 12%. That's got to make bulls smile from ear to ear. On the next phase of growth It is possible that smartphone sales are nearing a plateau, so Skyworks likes to remind investors that a few technologies will be hitting the mass market soon that could drive the company's next phase of growth. Specifically, management remains uber-bullish on the opportunities that will be opened up once 5G network technology and autonomous driving become a part of everyday life. Here's CEO Griffin talking about the potential of 5G network technology: [M]arket projections suggest 5G data rates will approach 10x the speed of current 4G and LTE systems. To put this in perspective, downloading a full-length HD movie in 3G took 1 day. In 4G the same file took minutes. On a 5G network, this content will be downloaded in mere seconds. And Griffin commenting on the extreme data needs of autonomous vehicles: Looking out over the next few years, the amount of data that will be delivered to and from the car is estimated to be 5 to 10 times more than the bandwidth used by today's smartphone. For instance, by 2020, a single autonomous car is expected to consume 4,000 gigabits of data per day in real-time diagnostics, positioning, vehicle-to-vehicle communications. And that's equivalent to the daily data consumed by more than 2,000 smartphone users in 2017. On taking care of shareholders Skyworks has been returning its excess capital to shareholders for years in the form of buybacks and dividend payments. Here's CFO Sennesael commenting on the company's recent actions to continue to reward shareholders: We are definitely committed to continuing to return cash to the shareholder with our dividend program and our share buyback program. We returned $106 million in Q1, repurchasing 1.4 million shares in Q1. And so we have now put in place a new $500 million program. Historically, we have been returning 40%, 50% of our free cash flow to the shareholders, and so that's something that we will continue to do so. All in all, Skyworks delivered an excellent quarter, and provided shareholders with plenty of reasons to remain optimistic. Brian Feroldi owns shares of Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple and Skyworks Solutions. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple, short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple, short August 2017 $87 calls on Skyworks Solutions, and short August 2017 $85 puts on Skyworks Solutions. The Motley Fool recommends Netgear and Ubiquiti Networks. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Brian Feroldi (TMFTypeoh) Longtime Foolish investor Brian Feroldi has been covering the healthcare industry for the Motley Fool since 2015. Brian's investing goal is to buy companies with tremendous market opportunities, strong management teams, and dominant brands and then hold them for years and years. See all of his articles here and make sure you follow him on Twitter. Follow @brianferoldi Article Info Feb 6, 2017 at 9:21AM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $132.12 down $0.30 (-0.23%) Comcast NASDAQ:CMCSA $75.15 up $0.12 (0.16%) Skyworks Solutions NASDAQ:SWKS $92.21 down $0.26 (-0.28%) Comcast NASDAQ:CMCSK no change (0.00%) Netgear NASDAQ:NTGR $54.35 down $0.72 (-1.32%) Ubiquiti Networks NASDAQ:UBNT $53.43 down $-10.70 (-16.68%) Read More Skyworks Solutions Inc. Beats Its Guidance and Issues a Bullish Outlook Better Buy: Skyworks Solutions Inc. vs. Infinera Why Skyworks Solutions Inc. Fell 14.2% in April Why Skyworks Solutions Inc. Is Plunging Today 3 of the Most Undervalued Tech Stocks Today Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current 5 Must-Read Quotes From Skyworks Solutions' Latest Investor Call @themotleyfool #stocks $AAPL, $CMCSA, $SWKS, $CMCSK, $NTGR, $UBNT
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iPad Air 2 iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS Sierra tvOS 10 watchOS 3 Buyer's Guide Forums iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air Apple VR Project iMac iPad Air 2 Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > Apple Maps Now Provides Transit Directions in New Orleans Ahead of Mardi Gras Monday February 6, 2017 6:25 AM PST by Joe Rossignol Apple Maps has been updated with comprehensive transit data for the New Orleans, Louisiana metropolitan area, enabling iPhone users in the city and select suburbs to navigate using public transportation, including RTA buses and streetcars. Jefferson Transit buses and Amtrak routing is also available in the area. Apple introduced Transit in Maps as part of iOS 9 in select cities around the world, including Baltimore, Berlin, Boston, Chicago, London, Los Angeles, Mexico City, New York, Philadelphia, San Francisco, Sydney, Toronto, and over 300 cities in China. The feature has its own tab in Apple Maps on iOS 10 for entering directions. Transit continues to expand to several other cities, including Atlanta, Columbus, Dallas, Denver, Honolulu, Houston, Kansas City, Melbourne, Miami, Minneapolis–Saint Paul, Montréal, Pittsburgh, Portland, Prague, Rio de Janeiro, Sacramento, Salt Lake City, San Antonio, San Diego, Seattle, Vancouver, and Victoria. In December, Apple expanded transit directions throughout Great Britain, beyond the London area already supported. The feature now works almost anywhere in England, Scotland, and Wales, such as Birmingham, Manchester, Liverpool, Newcastle, Sheffield, Glasgow, Edinburgh, Bristol, Portsmouth, Nottingham, and Cardiff. Mardi Gras is February 28, with parades taking place in New Orleans and Southern Louisiana throughout the month. (Thanks, Bernd!) Tags: Apple Maps, transit 7 comments Top Rated Comments (View all) Fzang 5 days ago at 07:33 am So we've had enough snide about the infinitely slow rollout of the public transport feature. When do we get offline maps? I mean, I appreciate that it shows the temperature right on the map, for whatever reason. But really. Rating: 1 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming iMac Early 2017 Updated models with AMD graphics options expected in early 2017. iPad Pro Early 2017? New ~10.5-inch model with nearly bezel-free design rumored. MacBook Q2 2017 Faster Kaby Lake processors and up to 16 GB of RAM expected in second quarter 2017. iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 Front Page Stories Hands-On With Apple's New BeatsX Earphones 10 hours ago on Front Page Apple's long-awaited BeatsX Earphones became available for purchase this morning, giving Apple customers an alternative to the hard-to-find AirPods. Priced at $149.95, BeatsX Earphones... 60 comments Tim Cook Thinks Augmented Reality is a 'Huge' Idea Like Smartphones 12 hours ago on Front Page Apple CEO Tim Cook has been on a whirlwind of a trip in Europe this week, making stops in France, Germany, and the United Kingdom to meet with everyone from students and developers to Apple retail... 59 comments Apple's Jennifer Bailey Says Customers Are Willing to Switch Banks to Use Apple Pay 14 hours ago on Front Page Apple Pay vice president Jennifer Bailey believes that Apple Pay is valuable enough that "customers will say they are happy to switch banks to use it." Bailey claims Australians are... 153 comments Matte Black iPhone 7 Users Complain About Chipped, Peeling Paint 15 hours ago on Front Page A number of customers who purchased the matte Black iPhone 7 or iPhone 7 Plus have noticed that the anodized finish on their devices has started chipping or peeling off in areas where there has... 237 comments iPhone 8 Said to Feature Iris Scanner to Authenticate With Your Eyes 19 hours ago on Front Page Apple is widely rumored to launch a high-end iPhone with an edge-to-edge OLED display this year, which has been variously called the "iPhone 8" or "iPhone X" to commemorate the... 261 comments BeatsX Earphones Launch on Apple Store for $150 23 hours ago on Front Page Apple today officially launched its much-anticipated BeatsX Earphones on its online store for $149.95, after initially delaying the earphones from Fall 2016 and into February 2017. With the delay... 192 comments Apple Delays Sales of UltraFine 5K Display as LG Works on Shielding Fix 1 day ago on Front Page As LG works on a fix for a Wi-Fi router issue plaguing its UltraFine 27-inch 5K Display, Apple has delayed shipments for the accessory and removed in store pickup options. New orders for the LG... 104 comments iCloud Was Storing Deleted Safari Browser History for Months, but Apple Fixed the Issue 2 days ago on Front Page When clearing Safari browser history, iPhone and iPad users expect all records to be permanently deleted from their devices, but it appears Apple's cross-device browser syncing feature caused... 128 comments • All Three New 2017 iPhones to Feature Wireless Charging (298) • 12.9-Inch iPad Pro in Short Supply Ahead of Rumored March Update (96) • The 2017 iPhone Could Cost Upwards of $1,000 (658) • Google Debuts Android Wear 2.0 Alongside Two New LG Smart Watches (106) • T-Mobile and Verizon Are Basically Tied in Network Speeds and So-Called 'Availability' (169) • Apple Hires Amazon Fire TV Head to Spearhead Apple TV Business (86) • Tim Cook Visits 'Kitchen Stories' Developers and Furniture Maker Dula on German Trip (50)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Husain Sumra Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade Winding the Clocks Back to 'Pocket God' - The TouchArcade Show #294 TouchArcade Needs Your Help - Tell Your Friends and Support Our Patreon TouchArcade Game of the Week: 'Postknight' 'Gravity Galaxy' Looks Like a Fun Orbital Action-Puzzle Game 'Wobblers' Is a Unique High Score Chaser From the Developer of 'Down the Mountain' 'Feudal Feud' Is a Promising Multiplayer Diplomacy/Conquest Game AppShopper Apple Announces New iPhone 6s with 3D Touch Apple Announces iPad Pro with 12.9-inch Retina Display Apple Announces iOS 9, Bringing Split-Screen Multi-tasking to iPad Apple Announces Mac OS X 10.11 'El Capitan' Apple Watch Pre-Orders to Open on April 10, Available Starting on April 24 Apple Announces New 12-inch MacBook with Retina Display Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 The iPhone 8 'supercycle' isn't going to happen, according to an Apple analyst Hannah Roberts Feb. 6, 2017, 9:07 AM 34,933 facebook linkedin twitter email print Apple CEO Tim Cook speaks during an Apple media event in Cupertino, California, U.S. October 27, 2016.REUTERS/Beck Diefenbach The explosion in iPhone-replacement demand many Wall Street analysts are predicting for the iPhone 8 won't happen, Apple analyst Neil Cybart said in a discussion on Thursday with UBS analyst Steve Milunovich. Cybart is a former Wall Street analyst who now focuses solely on Apple, he founded the Apple-dedicated website Above Avalon. Behind this so-called "supercycle" is "a powder keg of a dramatically aging installed base," analysts at Cowen said back in October. And last week Bernstein estimated that the installed base entering the iPhone 8 cycle will be 80% larger than it was entering the strong iPhone 6 cycle. But while Cybart acknowledges the growth in Apple's installed user base, he doesn't think the vast majority of these people will be ready for an iPhone 8. Instead of one big upgrade for one model, he expects users will upgrade as and when they need to over a longer period of time across later models. Here's some of what Cybart said when Milunoich asked him about the iPhone 8 supercycle, according to a transcript of the discussion in a UBS note seen by Business Insider: "... I don't think they're going to be enticed by a new iPhone that looks different ... They're going to buy an iPhone when they think they could benefit or when they get tired of their existing iPhone. In that situation [if Apple comes out with three new iPhone models], I don't think we can say that the premium iPhone is going to kick off a surge of upgrades where everyone says, 'We want this new iPhone' ... I see this when I show people the iPhone 7 Plus ... They say, 'I want that, but I'm okay with my iPhone 6.' When you look at the amount of new people that Apple is bringing into the user base, F15-16 were really big years ... The vast majority of those people may not be ready to buy an iPhone 8. Maybe they're ready to buy the phone after that ... The whole point of this is that instead of focusing on just one big upgrade for one model I think we'll see more ups and downs where one model may be popular among a certain segment of the user base and lead to some nice growth in a particular quarter." Back in December, leaked manufacturing documents from Apple appeared to confirm rumours that it will launch three iPhones in 2017 — "s" models of the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, and a redesigned, top-tier model internally codenamed "Ferrari." The fact that Apple is releasing three models will make predicting demand tougher, Cybart also said: "Now you’re going to have to estimate what you think the upgrade cycle is going to be and what the mix will be between those three models ... It's going to produce a lot of complexity in the iPhone business. One consequence of that is we could see some lumpiness in terms of growth going forward." EXCLUSIVE FREE REPORT: 25 Big Tech Predictions by BI Intelligence. Get the Report Now » NOW WATCH: Science says parents of unsuccessful kids could have these 6 things in common Loading video... More: Apple iPhone 8 iPhone facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru The iPhone 8 'supercycle' isn't going to happen, according to an Apple analyst The iPhone 8 'supercycle' isn't going to happen, according to an Apple analyst The explosion in iPhone-replacement demand many... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured How this astronaut overcame failure and rejection to land his dream job More "Idea Factory" » We just created the best Google Chrome extension on the market for latest news headlines More "BI Innovations" » Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « UAE Ministry Announced Today that Apple had informed them of an iPhone 6s Defect Requiring a Battery Replacement | Main | The Premium Smartphone Market is shrinking as Chinese Vendors Begin to Win Consumers over on Price » February 06, 2017 Local Chinese Smartphone Brands Kick Apple to fourth Spot in Q4 and it'll be Tough for Apple to Reverse   Last week Patently Apple posted a report titled "Apple's Great Quarter Spills Over to Winning the Smartphone Race during the Holiday Quarter." The IDC's global report had Apple taking top smartphone vendor in Q4 2016, edging out Samsung. However, in China where Apple's iPhone sales sank during the holiday quarter, IDC reports that Apple fell to the fourth spot in China.   Today Bloomberg published a report based on the findings of a new IDC report. They noted that "Apple and Samsung have steadily ceded ground in China to aggressive local manufacturers since Xiaomi Corp. came on the scene around 2011. Xiaomi itself was ranked fifth in 2016, as Oppo, Huawei and Vivo phones were the top three sellers, accounting for 48 percent of shipments last year and relegating the U.S. company to fourth spot.   With a line-up of flexible- and curved-screen devices, they look set to dominate the market in 2017. A decline in Apple shipments in the fourth quarter highlighted how the iPhone 7 failed to make as big a splash in the face of escalating competition."   IDC reportedly stated in their report that "Even though the new black colored iPhones caught the attention of consumers, overall, the new launches did not create as much of a frenzy compared to the past."   Chinese vendors are marketing higher-end gadgetry that appeals to consumers seeking Apple-like quality and innovation. IPhone shipments plummeted 23.2 percent in 2016, shrinking Apple's market share to just 9.6 percent -- the lowest in about two years. Samsung didn't even figure in the top five.   Apple may regain ground with the next iPhone later this year, the 10th anniversary of the device that ushered in the modern smartphone industry. Apple is expected to showcase the best features it can bring to bear in an increasingly commoditized market.   "Apple's 10-year anniversary iPhone will also likely attract some of the high-end Android users in China to convert to an iPhone," IDC said.   Apple's CEO talked about the Chinese market during Apple's financial results Conference Call for Q1 2017 starting at 29:05 minute mark of their audio replay. Cook said that out of the decline of 12%, 4 points of that was currency related so that they were really down about 8%. Cook pointed to the iPhone 7 being the number one smartphone in China for the quarter. But in the bigger picture, Cook stumbled in trying to talk about China, shifting to Mac sales and iPad sales up or that they did well on Alibaba. But in truth, China's smartphone vendors are beating Apple fair and square with quality designs and much lower prices. Something Cook didn't want to admit outright. He just said that they have challenges. Yes, the challenges are Oppo, Vivo and Huawei.   During Apple's last Financial Conference Call, their CFO noted that even though sales were down in China in Fiscal Q4, Apple would return to growth in China in the December quarter. That didn't happen.   Will the anniversary iPhone model be able to reestablish their lead in China, or has the ship just sailed out of their reach going forward with Chinese smartphone vendors now in total control?   There's no doubt that hot innovation and advanced features could be the way Apple regains their leadership in China in Q4 2017, but lower prices have clearly become the weapon that is currently winning the day and that's unlikely to change short of the iPhone being reinvented.   About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.     Posted by Jack Purcher on February 06, 2017 at 06:33 AM in 5. News, Rumors & Opinions , 7. Apple / Market Statistics | Permalink Comments Verify your Comment Previewing your Comment Posted by:  |  This is only a preview. Your comment has not yet been posted. Your comment could not be posted. Error type: Your comment has been saved. Comments are moderated and will not appear until approved by the author. Post another comment The letters and numbers you entered did not match the image. Please try again. As a final step before posting your comment, enter the letters and numbers you see in the image below. This prevents automated programs from posting comments. Having trouble reading this image? View an alternate. Post a comment Comments are moderated, and will not appear until the author has approved them. Comment below or sign in with Typepad Facebook TwitterGoogle+and more... You are currently signed in as (nobody). Sign Out (You can use HTML tags like <b> <i> and <ul> to style your text. URLs automatically linked.) Your Information (Name is required. Email address will not be displayed with the comment.) Name is required to post a comment Please enter a valid email address Invalid URL Please enable JavaScript if you would like to comment on this blog. Search Recent Posts Apple VP Tells Australian Financial Paper that Aussies are Trail Blazers when it comes to using Apple Pay Fake News is unlikely Hurting Apple, so why is the CEO of Apple making it an Issue Today? Sportbrain Sues Apple Claiming that the Apple Watch Collects Sports Related Data in a Manner that Infringes their Patent You Know the VR Market is Lost when Facebook's CEO gets Excited over wearing VR Gloves to type on a Virtual Keyboard Apple Patent Reveals Breakthrough Quantum Tunneling Touch-Sensitive Materials for iPhone, Smart Cases & More Samsung Officially Chickened Out for a 2017 Foldable Smartphone, but Apple has Shown us it has a Bright Future Samsung's new Galaxy S8 will Offer 5.7" & 6.2" Edge Displays but won't be supported by Larger Batteries To Avoid Note 7 Style Battery Fires, Apple Patent Reveals Instituting a new Heat Dissipator made of Graphene Cool: Apple Invents a Dual Display MacBook that a User will be able to use Outdoors with Sunglasses on Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. News, Rumors & Opinions 6. Non-Apple News 7. Apple / Market Statistics 8. Apple Events & Financial News 9. 3D Technology + Facial Recognition Apple Accessories Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple Macs Apple Pay Apple Pencil + Apple Store Apple Watch AppleTV Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible, Foldable Haptics & Tactile Maps/Indoor Mapping + Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Reports Projection Related Software + OS Wireless Charging See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iPad Air 2 iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS Sierra tvOS 10 watchOS 3 Buyer's Guide Forums iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air Apple VR Project iMac iPad Air 2 Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > New in OS X: Get MacRumors Push Notifications on your Mac Resubscribe Now Close Subscribe to the MacRumors Newsletter Apple Expected to Report Best Financial Results Ever Today Amid Return to Growth Tuesday January 31, 2017 4:00 am PST by Joe Rossignol Apple is scheduled to report its earnings results for the first quarter of the 2017 fiscal year at 1:30 p.m. Pacific Time today, revealing how much money it made between September 25 and December 31 of last year. The holiday shopping season typically makes this quarter Apple's most lucrative of the year. Apple benefitted from an extra week of sales in the quarter—14 versus the usual 13—due to a step it takes every 5 years or so to realign its September-ending fiscal quarter with the typical December-ending calendar quarter. Given the week fell between Christmas and the New Year, the seven extra days of sales could be significant. Apple's official guidance calls for revenue of between $76 billion and $78 billion, which would be its highest revenue in a single quarter ever—topping its current record of $75.9 billion in the year-ago quarter. Apple also expects gross margin between 38% and 38.5%, compared to 40.1% in the year-ago quarter. The average expectation among Wall Street analysts is that Apple will report revenue around the $77 billion mark, or roughly the midpoint of Apple's guidance. Herein is a list of some of those predictions, ordered from lowest to highest, based on compiled averages and research notes obtained by MacRumors: • Mark Moskowitz of Barclays: $76.6 billion • Timothy Arcuri of Cowen and Company: $76.68 billion • Steven Milunovich of UBS: $76.8 billion • Amit Daryanani of RBC Capital Markets: $76.9 billion • Rod Hall of J.P. Morgan: $76.9 billion • Bloomberg News compiled average: $77 billion • Yahoo Finance compiled average: $77.38 billion • Reuters compiled average: $77.4 billion • Brian White of Drexel Hamilton: $77.61 billion • Neil Cybart of Above Avalon: $80 billion The record-breaking revenue would put an end to Apple's past three consecutive quarters of declining revenue on a year-over-year basis, which resulted in the company's first annual revenue decline since 2001. Prior to 2016, Apple had an impressive streak of 51 consecutive quarters of uninterrupted sales growth. While iPhone sales dropped for the first time ever last year, the smartphone is still Apple's most important product by far—it accounted for 60% of the company's revenue last quarter. The consensus among analysts is that Apple will have sold around 76 million iPhones, up slightly from 74.8 million in the year-ago quarter. Most analysts believe a higher ratio of customers purchased a Plus-sized iPhone this launch, with the dual-lens camera in particular enticing customers to choose the 5.5-inch model over the smaller iPhone 7. Above Avalon analyst Neil Cybart estimates Apple sold 5.6 million Macs in the quarter, a 5% increase over the 5.3 million it sold in the year-ago period. The quarter was highlighted by the launch of long-awaited MacBook Pro with Touch Bar models in late October, which likely inflated sales. iPad sales may remain on a longstanding downward trend based on units, but more expensive iPad Pro models have led to higher average selling prices and increased revenue for Apple's tablet business. Cybart expects revenue from Apple's growing services category to rise to $6.7 billion, a 22% increase over the $6.1 billion it reported in the year-ago quarter. These earnings are derived from the App Store, iTunes, Apple Music, iCloud storage subscriptions, AppleCare, Apple Pay, licensing, and other services. Investors will be looking closely at "Other Products" to measure the impact that Apple Watch Series 2 models and AirPods have on the category's revenue, which Cybart forecasts will rise 9% year-over-year. The category also includes sales of the Apple TV, Beats products, iPods, and many accessories. Cybart expects Apple's guidance will point towards continued growth next quarter, suggesting the 2017 fiscal year will remain on an upward trend. MacRumors will be providing live coverage of Apple's earnings results conference call with CEO Tim Cook and CFO Luca Maestri at 2:00 p.m. Pacific Time today. Tags: earnings, AAPL [ 207 comments ] Top Rated Comments (View all) skippermonkey 2 weeks ago Terrible news. It will just reinforce Cook's strategy and result in fewer computer products that Apple fans actually want to buy. I just want a new Mac Pro. Is that too much to ask of the richest company in the world? Windows here I come... (sadly) Rating: 43 Votes macbookhair 2 weeks ago If you're squeezing every last ounce of profit out of a company, you can see great increases. However, the long term implications of doing so, especially when this is at the expense of product innovation and service quality, are decline and eventual financial difficulties as customer goodwill is lost and the company falls behind the market. So even if the results are good, it's not necessarily evidence that Apple is going to be OK in the long term. Especially if they are still heavily reliant on the iPhone for much of that revenue. If we were seeing world-beating products and innovation from Apple. it would be different, but we haven't been. Rating: 39 Votes dumastudetto 2 weeks ago Biggest ever earnings? That cannot be right. I've been told by many on here that Tim Cook is doing a terrible job and should be fired. #confused Rating: 35 Votes jscooper22 2 weeks ago Good, take some of the money and build me a real pro machine for rendering and network services. Thanks. Rating: 24 Votes Chicane-UK 2 weeks ago . Will be a hoot watching the sad (watchbands, TC must be fired, Apple is doomed, emoji, margins, Apple is greedy, no "pro" machines, wah...where's my bottle and soft blankie) trying to explain the excellent results away. Must be Apple withholding inventory again to stimulate demand and numbers, yeah, that's it... always a crowd pleaser for those unable to think rationally. Why does everything have to be so black and white for some people? There's plenty of people who are pissed with Apples decision to basically abandon, or majorly neglect their desktop lineup for the sake of products which clearly net them higher margins such as iPhones, etc. Sure, they may be making more money. Great. That doesn't make me any less disappointed with their lineup of desktops. In fact it makes me even more disappointed that with so much wealth and resources behind them, that they're happy to just abandon the product line and customer base that helped get them where they are. But I guess I best tow the line. Profits are good. Everything else is irrelevent. Rating: 20 Votes krazzix 2 weeks ago Apple is DOOMED. Oh no wait... Big earnings are a good thing. Rating: 14 Votes calzon65 2 weeks ago With all that profit, I think Apple could certainly afford to move some manufacturing to the USA. Rating: 11 Votes Someyoungguy 2 weeks ago I love how all the brave, insightful, analysts except one basically picked the midpoint in the projected range. I want that job. Rating: 10 Votes citysnaps 2 weeks ago . Will be a hoot watching the sad (watchbands, TC must be fired, Apple is doomed, emoji, margins, Apple is greedy, no "pro" machines, wah...where's my bottle and soft blankie) trying to explain the excellent results away. Must be Apple withholding inventory again to stimulate demand and numbers, yeah, that's it... always a crowd pleaser for those unable to think rationally. Rating: 9 Votes Prabas 2 weeks ago Someone is about to lose his $300,000 bet: https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/5qprhh/by_popular_request_if_this_post_gets_5k_upvotes_i/ Rating: 9 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming iMac Early 2017 Updated models with AMD graphics options expected in early 2017. iPad Pro Early 2017? New ~10.5-inch model with nearly bezel-free design rumored. MacBook Q2 2017 Faster Kaby Lake processors and up to 16 GB of RAM expected in second quarter 2017. iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 More Blog Stories Sprint Offering Unlimited Data on Five Smartphones for $90 Per Month for a Limited Time 6 hours ago on iOS Blog Sprint today introduced a limited time promotion that offers new customers—existing customers do not qualify—unlimited talk, text, and data for $50 per month for the first line, $40 per month... 10 comments Instapaper Back Online After 31-Hour Outage, Full Content Restore Will Take a Week 18 hours ago on iOS Blog Popular bookmarking service Instapaper faced an extended outage this week, beginning at 12:30PM PT on February 8th and remaining offline for 31 hours. Although the service is now back online, users... 7 comments Tim Cook Describes Fake News as 'One of Today's Chief Problems' 20 hours ago on iOS Blog As Apple CEO Tim Cook continues to make his rounds in Europe, Good Morning Britain managed to catch him for a quick interview while he was visiting Woodberry Down Primary School yesterday. Regarding... 142 comments WhatsApp Rolling Out Two-Step Verification Security Feature to All Users 23 hours ago on iOS Blog WhatsApp is in the process of rolling out a two-step verification feature for the messaging platform from today. The security option has been in testing for several months, but is finally going live... 14 comments Apple's Education Bundle With Final Cut Pro X and Logic Pro Now Available Around the World 2 days ago on Mac Blog Apple's new Pro Apps Bundle for Education, which launched in the United States last week, is now available for purchase in several other countries, including but not limited to Australia,... 26 comments BeatsX Earphones Come With Three Free Months of Apple Music 2 days ago on iOS Blog One day away from their official launch, new information is beginning to come out about the BeatsX Earphones thanks to a couple of hands-on videos and reviews that have been posted online. In... 42 comments Facebook Launches New Weather Forecast Section in Mobile App 2 days ago on iOS Blog Facebook has come up with another way to convince users to stay within the social networking app, recently introducing a complete weather forecast section that uses GPS location to present a detailed... 24 comments Tim Cook and UK Prime Minister Theresa May Discuss Apple's Presence in Country Amid Brexit [Update] 2 days ago on Mac Blog Continuing on his lengthy European tour today, Apple CEO Tim Cook has now stopped in London and had a chat with UK Prime Minister Theresa May. According to a spokesperson for May speaking with... 44 comments • Apple Exploring Data Sharing Gestures For Future Wearable Devices (14) • Apple Posts Job Listings For Retail Store in the Austrian Capital of Vienna (8) • B&O Play Announces $299 Wireless Beoplay H4 Headphones With Apple Watch App (8) • Apple Releases Second macOS Sierra 10.12.4 Public Beta for Public Beta Testers (29) • Tim Cook Chats With Students After Receiving Honorary Degree From University of Glasgow (41) • Pinterest Launches 'Lens' Visual Discovery Tool That Recognizes Real-World Objects (9) • Apple Releases Safari Technology Preview 23 With Bug Fixes and Feature Improvements (16)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Husain Sumra Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade Winding the Clocks Back to 'Pocket God' - The TouchArcade Show #294 TouchArcade Needs Your Help - Tell Your Friends and Support Our Patreon TouchArcade Game of the Week: 'Postknight' 'Gravity Galaxy' Looks Like a Fun Orbital Action-Puzzle Game 'Wobblers' Is a Unique High Score Chaser From the Developer of 'Down the Mountain' 'Feudal Feud' Is a Promising Multiplayer Diplomacy/Conquest Game AppShopper Apple Announces New iPhone 6s with 3D Touch Apple Announces iPad Pro with 12.9-inch Retina Display Apple Announces iOS 9, Bringing Split-Screen Multi-tasking to iPad Apple Announces Mac OS X 10.11 'El Capitan' Apple Watch Pre-Orders to Open on April 10, Available Starting on April 24 Apple Announces New 12-inch MacBook with Retina Display Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iPad Air 2 iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS Sierra tvOS 10 watchOS 3 Buyer's Guide Forums iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air Apple VR Project iMac iPad Air 2 Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > New in OS X: Get MacRumors Push Notifications on your Mac Resubscribe Now Close Subscribe to the MacRumors Newsletter iOS 10.3 Beta Says 32-Bit Legacy Apps Will Not Work With Future Versions of iOS Tuesday January 31, 2017 8:15 am PST by Joe Rossignol Since iOS 10.1, when a user opens an old 32-bit app on a newer iPhone, iPad, or iPod touch, Apple has reinstated a warning that the app may slow down the device until the developer updates it to improve its compatibility. The apps are still fully usable, however, despite the possible performance issues. On iOS 10.3 beta, Apple has tweaked the wording of that warning to note that 32-bit apps "will not work with future versions of iOS," suggesting that iOS 11 could be the first software update to support 64-bit apps only. "Future versions" is unsurprisingly vague, however, so the exact timeline remains unclear. Apple has supported 64-bit apps since the iPhone 5s launched in September 2013. The company required that all new apps support 64-bit architecture as of February 2015, and all updated apps since June 2015, but a number of older 32-bit apps that have not been updated in years remain available on the App Store. iOS devices with a 64-bit chip include the iPhone 5s and newer, iPad Air and newer, iPad mini 2 and newer, and sixth-generation iPod touch. In September, Apple said it would begin removing problematic and abandoned apps from the App Store, including those that no longer function as intended or follow current review guidelines, and others lacking compatibility updates for a long time. By October, it was reported some 50,000 apps had already been removed. Related Roundup: iOS 10 Tag: App Store [ 337 comments ] Top Rated Comments (View all) dannyyankou 2 weeks ago Before people are too critical of Apple- //www.macrumors.com/2014/12/17/apple-64-bit-support-reminder/ They're being generous for letting 32 bit apps work 2 years after the deadline. Rating: 28 Votes Vashetti 2 weeks ago This is probably intentional. If an app isn't worth a recompile, it probably isn't worth staying on the app store. I play several games that haven't been updated. They're 'worth' it to me. Rating: 25 Votes WilliamTM 2 weeks ago That kinda sucks...I've got a really old game that I enjoy playing to pass the time but it's not been updated since the days of the iPhone 5. :( Rating: 21 Votes KPOM 2 weeks ago Looking forward to seeing millions of 32-bit apps disappear from the store because the developers don't see it as worth the cost to update This is probably intentional. If an app isn't worth a recompile, it probably isn't worth staying on the app store. Rating: 20 Votes Vashetti 2 weeks ago Looking forward to seeing millions of 32-bit apps disappear from the store because the developers don't see it as worth the cost to update Rating: 18 Votes d5aqoëp 2 weeks ago To think of it from a DRM perspective, all those 32 bit apps you purchased... you will have no access to them because Apple axed 32 bit all together. That's DRM. Your purchases are not yours after all. You are at the mercy of the company who enforces the DRM. Developers being lazy is not a valid reason. Not everyone has to be like Facebook to routinely update their app with junk lines of code and keep on bloating it till it explodes. I will have to upgrade my 5 year old CCTV camera system which will cost me $1000 because their remote app is 32bit and very old. It may stop working in iOS 11. Now I will lose $1000 because of DRM. Rating: 18 Votes Munky 2 weeks ago PLANNED OBSOLESCENCE. APPLE IS DOOMED. FIRE TIM COOK. Rating: 17 Votes WalterTizzano 2 weeks ago I completely agree with this decision. It's gonna push the app worth updating to more modern standards, and get rid of the rest which is probably of very little value. Rating: 12 Votes jayducharme 2 weeks ago This sucks for me. I have quite a few 32-bit apps that still work fine but that simply haven't been updated. The developers are either no longer around or have moved on to other things. But I paid for those apps. I've already lost a few due to obsolescence. I'll either have to re-think how I spend money on the App Store or just realize that I'll get only a couple of years out of the apps I buy. Rating: 9 Votes Chupa Chupa 2 weeks ago About time...and thank you. Rating: 7 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming iMac Early 2017 Updated models with AMD graphics options expected in early 2017. iPad Pro Early 2017? New ~10.5-inch model with nearly bezel-free design rumored. MacBook Q2 2017 Faster Kaby Lake processors and up to 16 GB of RAM expected in second quarter 2017. iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 More Blog Stories Sprint Offering Unlimited Data on Five Smartphones for $90 Per Month for a Limited Time 6 hours ago on iOS Blog Sprint today introduced a limited time promotion that offers new customers—existing customers do not qualify—unlimited talk, text, and data for $50 per month for the first line, $40 per month... 10 comments Instapaper Back Online After 31-Hour Outage, Full Content Restore Will Take a Week 18 hours ago on iOS Blog Popular bookmarking service Instapaper faced an extended outage this week, beginning at 12:30PM PT on February 8th and remaining offline for 31 hours. Although the service is now back online, users... 7 comments Tim Cook Describes Fake News as 'One of Today's Chief Problems' 20 hours ago on iOS Blog As Apple CEO Tim Cook continues to make his rounds in Europe, Good Morning Britain managed to catch him for a quick interview while he was visiting Woodberry Down Primary School yesterday. Regarding... 142 comments WhatsApp Rolling Out Two-Step Verification Security Feature to All Users 23 hours ago on iOS Blog WhatsApp is in the process of rolling out a two-step verification feature for the messaging platform from today. The security option has been in testing for several months, but is finally going live... 14 comments Apple's Education Bundle With Final Cut Pro X and Logic Pro Now Available Around the World 2 days ago on Mac Blog Apple's new Pro Apps Bundle for Education, which launched in the United States last week, is now available for purchase in several other countries, including but not limited to Australia,... 26 comments BeatsX Earphones Come With Three Free Months of Apple Music 2 days ago on iOS Blog One day away from their official launch, new information is beginning to come out about the BeatsX Earphones thanks to a couple of hands-on videos and reviews that have been posted online. In... 42 comments Facebook Launches New Weather Forecast Section in Mobile App 2 days ago on iOS Blog Facebook has come up with another way to convince users to stay within the social networking app, recently introducing a complete weather forecast section that uses GPS location to present a detailed... 24 comments Tim Cook and UK Prime Minister Theresa May Discuss Apple's Presence in Country Amid Brexit [Update] 2 days ago on Mac Blog Continuing on his lengthy European tour today, Apple CEO Tim Cook has now stopped in London and had a chat with UK Prime Minister Theresa May. According to a spokesperson for May speaking with... 44 comments • Apple Exploring Data Sharing Gestures For Future Wearable Devices (14) • Apple Posts Job Listings For Retail Store in the Austrian Capital of Vienna (8) • B&O Play Announces $299 Wireless Beoplay H4 Headphones With Apple Watch App (8) • Apple Releases Second macOS Sierra 10.12.4 Public Beta for Public Beta Testers (29) • Tim Cook Chats With Students After Receiving Honorary Degree From University of Glasgow (41) • Pinterest Launches 'Lens' Visual Discovery Tool That Recognizes Real-World Objects (9) • Apple Releases Safari Technology Preview 23 With Bug Fixes and Feature Improvements (16)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Husain Sumra Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade Winding the Clocks Back to 'Pocket God' - The TouchArcade Show #294 TouchArcade Needs Your Help - Tell Your Friends and Support Our Patreon TouchArcade Game of the Week: 'Postknight' 'Gravity Galaxy' Looks Like a Fun Orbital Action-Puzzle Game 'Wobblers' Is a Unique High Score Chaser From the Developer of 'Down the Mountain' 'Feudal Feud' Is a Promising Multiplayer Diplomacy/Conquest Game AppShopper Apple Announces New iPhone 6s with 3D Touch Apple Announces iPad Pro with 12.9-inch Retina Display Apple Announces iOS 9, Bringing Split-Screen Multi-tasking to iPad Apple Announces Mac OS X 10.11 'El Capitan' Apple Watch Pre-Orders to Open on April 10, Available Starting on April 24 Apple Announces New 12-inch MacBook with Retina Display Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
  SOFTPEDIA® DESKTOP Windows Games Drivers Mac Linux MOBILE Android APK Phones Tablets WEB Webscripts Web Browsers NEWS Softpedia > News > Apple FLASH SALE: SpyShelter Anti-Keylogger Premium      30% OFF! Apple Sees Its First Annual Shipment Drop in China GO Lower-cost smartphones outsell Apple’s iPhones Feb 6, 2017 14:20 GMT  ·  By Alexandra Vaidos  ·  Share:  It’s a well-known fact that China is one of the biggest smartphone markets out there, and many companies are competing for the top position. However, it seems that the Chinese prefer local lower-cost phones to those manufactured by Apple or Samsung. A report by IDC reveals that Chinese smartphone brands Oppo and Huawei are seeing an increasing number of sales in China, while the top companies in other markets, Samsung and Apple, are seeing a drop in sales. Top five smartphone vendors in China in 2016 Chinese vendors Oppo, Huawei and Vivo are the top three smartphone makers in China, with 48% of all shipments in 2016. The three companies might be dominating the scene in the coming years, considering that they offer much of the specs and design elements, like curved displays, found on Samsung flagships. Apple shipments declined 13.5 million in 2016 Apple saw its first decline in smartphone sales in China in the fourth quarter, signaling the fact that Chinese customers are buying local phones in the detriment of Apple’s iPhones. But Apple seems to be doing slightly better than Xiaomi, which grabbed the fifth position with 8.9% market share, compared to Apple’s 9.6% share. Apple dropped 4% compared to 2015’s market share of 13.6% and recorded a 13.5 million (23.2%) decline in shipment units in 2016. It’s the biggest drop for Apple on the Chinese market, while Oppo and Vivo recorded year-on-year growths higher than 90%, with the former hitting 122.2%. Solely in Q4, Apple dropped 4% in market share compared to the same quarter of 2015, as shipment volumes decreased 2.2 million. Top five smartphone vendors in China in Q4/2016 The numbers indicate that Apple’s iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus didn’t manage to attract customers from China, who are offered cheaper alternatives in terms of components. The dual-camera and larger display on the iPhone 7 Plus were enough to outsell the standard iPhone 7 model in many markets, but Chinese customers can pick from a whole range of affordable smartphones that could offer similar performances, Huawei’s P9 phones with Leica dual-camera sensors or Oppo N1 with a rotating camera are appealing choices.   CHECK OUT THE GALLERY  (3 Images) #Apple#iPhone 7#iPhone 7 Plus#Huawei#Oppo subscribe feedly old reader newsblur digg reader rss feed reddit it! flip it share it tweet it Top five smartphone vendors in China (3 Images) 01 02 03 Related  ·  Hot right now  ·  Latest news Apple Selects Wistron as Main Manufacturer of 2017 iPhones in India President-Elect Donald Trump Confident Apple Will Build iPhones in the US Designed by Apple, Built by Robots: iPhone Maker Gets Rid of Human Workers Apple to Start iPhone Production in India Next Year Apple iPhone 8 Will Reportedly Feature An Iris Scanner Let’s Chat: Windows vs. Linux Windows Close to Defeating Linux: Munich Could Give Up on LiMux Samsung Galaxy S8’s Bixby To Be Based on S Voice, Not Viv Labs’ AI Tech Microsoft Brings Windows 10 Mobile’s File Explorer on Xbox One Microsoft Teases New Windows 10 Security Announcements Apple iPhone 8 Will Reportedly Feature An Iris Scanner Let’s Chat: Windows vs. Linux 3 photos    iPhone 7 Plus new ios apps NeuroNation: Train your brain to improve your memory and focus with NeuroNation Flipagram: Create cool videos by mixing up your photos with music Timer+: Set up dozens of timers and control them all with ease Nutshell Camera: Create some pretty cool videos with Nutshell Camera IKEA Catalogue: Check out the IKEA Catalogue for more than just furniture Complete: Complete puts a social twist to your regular to-do list/ task manager WebMD Baby: WebMD Baby offers help in how to best tend to your baby Reader comments Apple Releases macOS 10.12.4 Beta 2 to Developers, iOS 10.3 Public Beta 2 more on: macOS 10.12.4 Beta 2 i softpedia®     Like 202K    +1 56K     Follow 13K © 2001-2017 Softpedia. All rights reserved. Softpedia® and the Softpedia® logo are registered trademarks of SoftNews NET SRL. Privacy Policy news tip feedback      
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iPad Air 2 iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS Sierra tvOS 10 watchOS 3 Buyer's Guide Forums iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air Apple VR Project iMac iPad Air 2 Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > New in OS X: Get MacRumors Push Notifications on your Mac Resubscribe Now Close Subscribe to the MacRumors Newsletter iPhone 7 Plus is Most Popular 'Plus' Model Apple Has Released Tuesday January 31, 2017 3:06 pm PST by Juli Clover According to Apple CEO Tim Cook, the 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus, released in September of 2016 alongside the smaller 4.7-inch iPhone 7, is the most popular "Plus" model Apple has released, outselling the 2014 iPhone 6 Plus and the 2015 iPhone 6s Plus. Apple's Plus lineup has always had differentiating factors compared to the smaller iPhones Apple offers, but in the iPhone 7 Plus, the dual camera appears to have been particularly popular with customers. The iPhone 7 Plus features both a standard wide-angle lens and a 56mm telephoto lens, which can be used to improve photos. It also features a "Portrait" mode that's used with the 56mm lens to create high-quality DSLR-style images with blurred backgrounds to highlight subjects, a unique function that may have drawn more interest. Customers may also be getting used to the larger form factor in general. In 2014, with the switch to the 4.7 and 5.5-inch sizes, going from the 4-inch iPhone 5 line to the 5.5-inch size was a huge jump, but with two years to adjust to the new display sizes, it's not such a leap. Cook said that Apple had underestimated demand for the iPhone 7 Plus, leading to supply and demand issues with the device that impacted sales. Despite that, Apple saw record iPhone sales during the quarter, selling a total of 78.3 million iPhones. Related Roundup: iPhone 7 [ 163 comments ] Top Rated Comments (View all) Insleep 1 week ago Most popular out of, oh, how many? Three? Yeah...not surprising. Dual cameras are probably one of the main reasons it's more popular. Rating: 14 Votes cameronjpu 1 week ago So make my 7 25% thicker, put the dual camera in it and use the rest of the space for extra battery and I will pay an extra hundred dollars. I bet a lot of people are with me, not having to charge their phone ever inside of one day Rating: 11 Votes realeric 1 week ago It's not because 7+ is superior but because 7 is inferior. Rating: 11 Votes ILuvEggplant 1 week ago Tim how about doing something with the larger screen? i swear the apple software team is on vacation. we have **** mail app, siri, calendar, and ios that doesn't offer anything more other than rotating icons in landscape but open that app then it goes back to portrait . I'll be the 1st to say this but Steve Jobs would have never let that happen. Rating: 10 Votes apolloa 1 week ago Well reading between the lines that's another knife in the back for any hopes of the smaller model getting more features compared to the Plus model, if nothing they may reduce its features even more I guess now? Would be so nice to see a bezeless 5" model.. Rating: 10 Votes Rafamrqs1 1 week ago Well reading between the lines that's another knife in the back for any hopes of the smaller model getting more features compared to the Plus model, if nothing they may reduce its features even more I guess now? Would be so nice to see a bezeless 5" model.. I feel your pain brother. I'd pay the same price they charge the plus for the 4.7"... if it packed the same features Rating: 9 Votes keysofanxiety 1 week ago So Apple pays Timmy to tell the world what we already know? Newer technology/models sell better then old. I swear he's such a stain. Yeah, those new Nokia phones are just booming. If they'd sold less than the previous gen, I somehow get the feeling you'd be saying Apple is doomed. Rating: 9 Votes blairh 1 week ago I went from iPhone 6 Plus to iPhone 7. I would never go back to such a huge phone. Rating: 9 Votes chr1s60 1 week ago I thought you don't need more than 3.5"? Guess all the apologists are wrong again. There is an inappropriate joke here somewhere. Rating: 8 Votes Yod4 1 week ago Might the latest quarter "record sales" have something to do with the Samsung Battery debacle? Not being a downer, just haven't seen this pointed out anywhere. Rating: 8 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming iMac Early 2017 Updated models with AMD graphics options expected in early 2017. iPad Pro Early 2017? New ~10.5-inch model with nearly bezel-free design rumored. MacBook Q2 2017 Faster Kaby Lake processors and up to 16 GB of RAM expected in second quarter 2017. iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 More Blog Stories Sprint Offering Unlimited Data on Five Smartphones for $90 Per Month for a Limited Time 6 hours ago on iOS Blog Sprint today introduced a limited time promotion that offers new customers—existing customers do not qualify—unlimited talk, text, and data for $50 per month for the first line, $40 per month... 10 comments Instapaper Back Online After 31-Hour Outage, Full Content Restore Will Take a Week 18 hours ago on iOS Blog Popular bookmarking service Instapaper faced an extended outage this week, beginning at 12:30PM PT on February 8th and remaining offline for 31 hours. Although the service is now back online, users... 7 comments Tim Cook Describes Fake News as 'One of Today's Chief Problems' 20 hours ago on iOS Blog As Apple CEO Tim Cook continues to make his rounds in Europe, Good Morning Britain managed to catch him for a quick interview while he was visiting Woodberry Down Primary School yesterday. Regarding... 142 comments WhatsApp Rolling Out Two-Step Verification Security Feature to All Users 23 hours ago on iOS Blog WhatsApp is in the process of rolling out a two-step verification feature for the messaging platform from today. The security option has been in testing for several months, but is finally going live... 14 comments Apple's Education Bundle With Final Cut Pro X and Logic Pro Now Available Around the World 2 days ago on Mac Blog Apple's new Pro Apps Bundle for Education, which launched in the United States last week, is now available for purchase in several other countries, including but not limited to Australia,... 26 comments BeatsX Earphones Come With Three Free Months of Apple Music 2 days ago on iOS Blog One day away from their official launch, new information is beginning to come out about the BeatsX Earphones thanks to a couple of hands-on videos and reviews that have been posted online. In... 42 comments Facebook Launches New Weather Forecast Section in Mobile App 2 days ago on iOS Blog Facebook has come up with another way to convince users to stay within the social networking app, recently introducing a complete weather forecast section that uses GPS location to present a detailed... 24 comments Tim Cook and UK Prime Minister Theresa May Discuss Apple's Presence in Country Amid Brexit [Update] 2 days ago on Mac Blog Continuing on his lengthy European tour today, Apple CEO Tim Cook has now stopped in London and had a chat with UK Prime Minister Theresa May. According to a spokesperson for May speaking with... 44 comments • Apple Exploring Data Sharing Gestures For Future Wearable Devices (14) • Apple Posts Job Listings For Retail Store in the Austrian Capital of Vienna (8) • B&O Play Announces $299 Wireless Beoplay H4 Headphones With Apple Watch App (8) • Apple Releases Second macOS Sierra 10.12.4 Public Beta for Public Beta Testers (29) • Tim Cook Chats With Students After Receiving Honorary Degree From University of Glasgow (41) • Pinterest Launches 'Lens' Visual Discovery Tool That Recognizes Real-World Objects (9) • Apple Releases Safari Technology Preview 23 With Bug Fixes and Feature Improvements (16)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Husain Sumra Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade Winding the Clocks Back to 'Pocket God' - The TouchArcade Show #294 TouchArcade Needs Your Help - Tell Your Friends and Support Our Patreon TouchArcade Game of the Week: 'Postknight' 'Gravity Galaxy' Looks Like a Fun Orbital Action-Puzzle Game 'Wobblers' Is a Unique High Score Chaser From the Developer of 'Down the Mountain' 'Feudal Feud' Is a Promising Multiplayer Diplomacy/Conquest Game AppShopper Apple Announces New iPhone 6s with 3D Touch Apple Announces iPad Pro with 12.9-inch Retina Display Apple Announces iOS 9, Bringing Split-Screen Multi-tasking to iPad Apple Announces Mac OS X 10.11 'El Capitan' Apple Watch Pre-Orders to Open on April 10, Available Starting on April 24 Apple Announces New 12-inch MacBook with Retina Display Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iPad Air 2 iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS Sierra tvOS 10 watchOS 3 Buyer's Guide Forums iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air Apple VR Project iMac iPad Air 2 Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > New in OS X: Get MacRumors Push Notifications on your Mac Resubscribe Now Close Subscribe to the MacRumors Newsletter Hands-On With the New Theater Mode in watchOS 3.2 Monday January 30, 2017 1:35 pm PST by Juli Clover Apple released the first beta of watchOS 3.2 for developers this morning, and included in the update is a brand new "Theater Mode." Theater Mode is designed to let customers mute the sound on the Apple Watch and disable Raise to Wake, preventing the screen from lighting up with arm movement. Since watchOS 3.2 is limited to developers, we went hands-on with Theater Mode in the video below to give MacRumors readers an idea of what they can expect when the update is released to the public. Theater Mode can be accessed by swiping up on the watch face to bring up the Control Center. It's just below the option for silencing the Apple Watch and features an icon with two theater masks. When Theater Mode is turned on, it prevents the Apple Watch from making noise and it keeps the screen dark even when the wrist is raised. Notifications still come through, however, and are delivered via haptic feedback. The Apple Watch's screen can be activated with a tap or through a press on the Digital Crown. watchOS 3.2, which will likely be released to the public sometime in March, also brings SiriKit to the Apple Watch, letting customers ask Siri to do tasks like sending messages, sending payments, booking a ride, and more. Related Roundups: Apple Watch Series 2, watchOS 3 Buyer's Guide: Apple Watch (Neutral) [ 174 comments ] Top Rated Comments (View all) wolfshades 2 weeks ago I don't get it at all - how this is remotely useful. Who is spending that much time in dark places to justify its own easily accessible setting for this feature? I have my watch always on silent and I get haptic feedback all day, every day. When exactly was it ever an issue to have the screen light up, turning the situation into an inconvenient moment? Even in a theatre/cinema, it is not like my watch will light up the entire room. As a weekly theatre-goer, you'd be surprised how annoying even a little bit of light can be. This is a good feature. Not an "OMG I have to upgrade immediately" type of feature, but a good one anyway. Rating: 35 Votes motm95 2 weeks ago Here is my watch with theater mode. Works great. Rating: 21 Votes Blackstick 2 weeks ago Seems like a widely-deployed solution to a very small problem. Rating: 18 Votes zacheryjensen 2 weeks ago I have literally been wishing for this feature since the first day I had my Apple Watch at launch. I have no idea why someone would complain about it being added. The people who find their way onto these forums never cease to amaze me. You lose literally nothing with Apple adding this feature. You don't care about distracting people in the theatre? Fine. Never tap that button. Never go to the theatre? Probably not a concern to you then. Don't own an Apple watch? Why do you think your opinion is valid? All the existing buttons on the swipe-up panel are still there. They just made it taller. Nobody loses anything. Considerate theatre-goers get a nice boost in convenience. Rating: 18 Votes itsmilo 2 weeks ago That damn "Emergency Exit" Sign over the escape door right next to the damn screen needs a theater mode! Annoys me every time. Rating: 15 Votes zacheryjensen 2 weeks ago As a weekly theatre-goer, you'd be surprised how annoying even a little bit of light can be. This is a good feature. Not an "OMG I have to upgrade immediately" type of feature, but a good one anyway. Right? I hate to witness someone being so completely ignorant of how rude they are like this. If you think your apple watch turning on in a theatre isn't incredibly rude, you need some serious recalibration of whatever part of your brain determines this. To be perfectly clear: any light source in a theatre coming from a person is rude and very distracting. Period. It's never okay. And it's almost always 10x brighter than you think it's going to be. In fact, the farther away you are from it, the worse and more distracting it becomes as that is the nature of light, the smaller the source of light relative to your view, the higher contrast it will have in the view. So in reality, the watch lighting up is actually worse than a phone. And personally, I have always gone through the trouble of manually setting my watch to behave as this mode does during any movie screening I attend. I'll be very happy to be able to do it in a swipe + tap. On another note, I wonder about the water icon there. It's not there on my current watch. Is this a series 2 specific feature? If not, is it also new? What does it do? Rating: 15 Votes rikscha 2 weeks ago I don't get it at all - how this is remotely useful. Who is spending that much time in dark places to justify its own easily accessible setting for this feature? I have my watch always on silent and I get haptic feedback all day, every day. When exactly was it ever an issue to have the screen light up, turning the situation into an inconvenient moment? Even in a theatre/cinema, it is not like my watch will light up the entire room. Rating: 14 Votes BC2009 2 weeks ago but that's the point - who is like you anymore? No one goes to watch movies in a cinema anymore with all due respect. This is indeed a feature for the cinema enthusiast and therefore pretty pointless to put this on all our watches. update: I will also stand to what I said before - the light is hardly strong enough to be an annoyance to anyone. also, my watch usually disappears under my sleeves anyway ? "No one goes to watch movies in a cinema anymore" -- what planet do you live on? There were like 1.3B movie tickets sold in the U.S. alone last year. Sure that is off its peak in 2002 from 1.6B, but its still more iPhones than Apple sold in like 10 years and nobody says "no one carries an iPhone". And yes, when your Apple Watch light comes on when you reach for your drink or your popcorn and shines right in your face in a dark theatre it is disturbing the person wearing the watch. This is way better than using power-save mode since it takes forever to come out of power-save mode. I am glad they are providing this feature. If it it wasn't in control center, it would be worthless. Putting it where you can get to it quickly when the lights dim is right on the money. Rating: 13 Votes windywalks 2 weeks ago As a weekly theatre-goer, you'd be surprised how annoying even a little bit of light can be. This is a good feature. Not an "OMG I have to upgrade immediately" type of feature, but a good one anyway. Agreed! Plus the watch lighting up at a meeting, dinner or any occasion where it's impolite for an electronic device to attract attention to itself. This is a good feature to have, I'm not sure if it wouldn't even be more adequate if you could activate it with the same gesture as the mute/silence one - cupping your hand over the Watch. Rating: 13 Votes misterkevo 2 weeks ago I wear my watch to bed every night - can't tell you how many times my wrist has blinded me as I change sleeping positions. That's what I'll use this for! Rating: 13 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming iMac Early 2017 Updated models with AMD graphics options expected in early 2017. iPad Pro Early 2017? New ~10.5-inch model with nearly bezel-free design rumored. MacBook Q2 2017 Faster Kaby Lake processors and up to 16 GB of RAM expected in second quarter 2017. iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 More Blog Stories Sprint Offering Unlimited Data on Five Smartphones for $90 Per Month for a Limited Time 6 hours ago on iOS Blog Sprint today introduced a limited time promotion that offers new customers—existing customers do not qualify—unlimited talk, text, and data for $50 per month for the first line, $40 per month... 10 comments Instapaper Back Online After 31-Hour Outage, Full Content Restore Will Take a Week 18 hours ago on iOS Blog Popular bookmarking service Instapaper faced an extended outage this week, beginning at 12:30PM PT on February 8th and remaining offline for 31 hours. Although the service is now back online, users... 7 comments Tim Cook Describes Fake News as 'One of Today's Chief Problems' 20 hours ago on iOS Blog As Apple CEO Tim Cook continues to make his rounds in Europe, Good Morning Britain managed to catch him for a quick interview while he was visiting Woodberry Down Primary School yesterday. Regarding... 142 comments WhatsApp Rolling Out Two-Step Verification Security Feature to All Users 23 hours ago on iOS Blog WhatsApp is in the process of rolling out a two-step verification feature for the messaging platform from today. The security option has been in testing for several months, but is finally going live... 14 comments Apple's Education Bundle With Final Cut Pro X and Logic Pro Now Available Around the World 2 days ago on Mac Blog Apple's new Pro Apps Bundle for Education, which launched in the United States last week, is now available for purchase in several other countries, including but not limited to Australia,... 26 comments BeatsX Earphones Come With Three Free Months of Apple Music 2 days ago on iOS Blog One day away from their official launch, new information is beginning to come out about the BeatsX Earphones thanks to a couple of hands-on videos and reviews that have been posted online. In... 42 comments Facebook Launches New Weather Forecast Section in Mobile App 2 days ago on iOS Blog Facebook has come up with another way to convince users to stay within the social networking app, recently introducing a complete weather forecast section that uses GPS location to present a detailed... 24 comments Tim Cook and UK Prime Minister Theresa May Discuss Apple's Presence in Country Amid Brexit [Update] 2 days ago on Mac Blog Continuing on his lengthy European tour today, Apple CEO Tim Cook has now stopped in London and had a chat with UK Prime Minister Theresa May. According to a spokesperson for May speaking with... 44 comments • Apple Exploring Data Sharing Gestures For Future Wearable Devices (14) • Apple Posts Job Listings For Retail Store in the Austrian Capital of Vienna (8) • B&O Play Announces $299 Wireless Beoplay H4 Headphones With Apple Watch App (8) • Apple Releases Second macOS Sierra 10.12.4 Public Beta for Public Beta Testers (29) • Tim Cook Chats With Students After Receiving Honorary Degree From University of Glasgow (41) • Pinterest Launches 'Lens' Visual Discovery Tool That Recognizes Real-World Objects (9) • Apple Releases Safari Technology Preview 23 With Bug Fixes and Feature Improvements (16)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Husain Sumra Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade Winding the Clocks Back to 'Pocket God' - The TouchArcade Show #294 TouchArcade Needs Your Help - Tell Your Friends and Support Our Patreon TouchArcade Game of the Week: 'Postknight' 'Gravity Galaxy' Looks Like a Fun Orbital Action-Puzzle Game 'Wobblers' Is a Unique High Score Chaser From the Developer of 'Down the Mountain' 'Feudal Feud' Is a Promising Multiplayer Diplomacy/Conquest Game AppShopper Apple Announces New iPhone 6s with 3D Touch Apple Announces iPad Pro with 12.9-inch Retina Display Apple Announces iOS 9, Bringing Split-Screen Multi-tasking to iPad Apple Announces Mac OS X 10.11 'El Capitan' Apple Watch Pre-Orders to Open on April 10, Available Starting on April 24 Apple Announces New 12-inch MacBook with Retina Display Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
iDownloadBlog Home Jailbreak How to Jailbreak Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Cydia Unlock How to Unlock Unlock News Apps iOS Apps Mac Apps Widgets Best Apps App Finder Tips Tips How to Tutorial iPhone Photography iPhone iPhone News iPhone 6s iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6 iPhone Photography iPad Mac Watch Apple Watch Guide TV Apple TV guide Download Deals Daily Deals: 15% off iTunes gift cards, $107 UE BOOM 2 speaker,... The best HomeKit accessories Let’s Talk Jailbreak 158: The ends and the means The best iOS 10 jailbreak tweaks   skip to main content skip to main menu     Apple renews efforts to sell used iPhones in India By Christian Zibreg, Feb 6, 2017 Tweet 11 Comments Apple is planning to kick off local iPhone production in India by the summer. While a final decision has yet to be made regarding a number of concessions Apple is seeking from the government before setting up a production plant in the country, the company is now said to be reviving efforts to sell used iPhones in the massive 1.25 billion people country. As per Bloomberg, Apple’s previous proposal regarding selling refurbished iPhones was met with heavy resistance so the firm’s put back its request on the table, ensuring government officials that used devices would be compliant with quality standards. The worry is that letting companies like Apple import used products into the country would open the floodgates for used, low-quality electronics and undermine the government’s “Make in India” program to encourage local manufacturing, basically turning India into a dumping ground for ageing phones. “The government is concerned and will look to framing policy to ensure that India does not become a used electronics dumping ground,” said Anshul Gupta, Mumbai-based research director at Gartner Inc. Apple on its part is now arguing that it would leverage its upcoming iPhone manufacturing plant in India to refurbish used iPhones before selling them in the Indian market. According to a source, Apple said it would have the manufacturing infrastructure needed to make refurbished iPhones compliant with quality standards. As mentioned, the Cupertino firm is currently negotiating with government officials for concessions to start iPhone production in the country. Apple’s motivation is clear as it’s been struggling to gain share in the price-conscious Indian market. Consequentially, pre-owned iPhones that Apple wants to sell in India should be cheaper and target the price-sensitive segment of the Indian market. Source: Bloomberg Share: Tweet Follow: Follow @iDownloadBlog We Recommend Panel suppliers struggling to meet Apple’s large order volume for OLED iPhones Apple in negotiations with Sharp to supply OLED screens for new iPhones Project “Invisible Hand” would let users fully control Apple devices via Siri within 3 years Samsung could start selling refurbished phones in U.S. next year Related Topics Apple, Bloomberg, iPhone, News, Refurbished, Rumors Agneev Mukherjee I actually feel sorry for Apple for having to go through so many problems just to manufacture iPhones in India. Well, guess what? You’re in the ∞ loop… Abhijeet Gupta You’re sucha jerk https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/ea81e005d5ec747108238001e1d06754068bda05cd627f29356274770a9cc693.jpg Agneev Mukherjee You’re no less either! Abhijeet Gupta You forgot who’s your daddy, B**** Agneev Mukherjee Stop harassing me fool! Abhijeet Gupta I don’t need to harass you stupidiot Agneev Mukherjee Yes you do as a corrupt lier or is it lawyer? Noohar Why don’t you two get a room? Agneev Mukherjee If there is one… Abhijeet Gupta Liar. Is the best word to describe you 😉 you son of harambe HamptonWalley I might no longer buy Iphone if Tim screwing with Trump.   Search Connect with iDownloadBlog Facebook Become a fan RSS Get the latest news YouTube Watch Us Twitter Stay up to date Newsletter News delivered to you Google+ Add us to your circle   The most recent headlines Daily Deals: 15% off iTunes gift cards, $107 UE BOOM 2 speaker, and more Is iPhone 7’s matte black finish susceptible to chips and peeling? How to enable and use two-step verification on WhatsApp iPhone 8 again rumored to sport iris scanning and wireless charging Following delay, Apple’s W1-equipped BeatsX are now available for purchase   The latest jailbreak news FingerTouch lets you assign gestures to the Touch ID sensor SmartVPN toggles your iPhone’s VPN automatically on a per-app basis CRSettings lets you apply an image background to the Reachability view Solution to 7-day signing for Yalu may be coming: avoid other methods! HapticKeyboard enables haptic feedback as you type on your iPhone iDownloadBlog           iDownloadblog.com About About Advertise Contact Keep in Touch Twitter Facebook RSS Feed Newsletter Push Notifications Podcasts Let's Talk iOS Let's Talk Jailbreak Site Stuff Disclosure Privacy Policy   Copyright iDownloadBlog 2017. This website is not affiliated with Apple.
iDownloadBlog Home Jailbreak How to Jailbreak Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Cydia Unlock How to Unlock Unlock News Apps iOS Apps Mac Apps Widgets Best Apps App Finder Tips Tips How to Tutorial iPhone Photography iPhone iPhone News iPhone 6s iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6 iPhone Photography iPad Mac Watch Apple Watch Guide TV Apple TV guide Download Deals Daily Deals: 15% off iTunes gift cards, $107 UE BOOM 2 speaker,... The best HomeKit accessories Let’s Talk Jailbreak 158: The ends and the means The best iOS 10 jailbreak tweaks   skip to main content skip to main menu     Apple and other tech giants file legal brief opposing Trump’s immigration order By Christian Zibreg, Feb 6, 2017 Tweet 7 Comments U.S. President Donald Trump’s controversial executive order that would bar Syrian refuges and travelers from Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen from entering the country is being formally challenged by Apple and 96 other companies, Bloomberg said Monday. Apple, Google, Facebook, Intel, Airbnb Netflix, Snap, Uber, Zynga, Levi Strauss, Chobani along with many other companies have all signed an amicus brief, which is a legal filing that lets outside parties offer non-binding opinions to the court. Hastily filed late Sunday in the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals after a U.S. District judge temporarily lifted the Trump administration’s travel ban, the amicus brief underscores the importance of immigrants in the American economy and society, saying that 200 of the companies in the Fortune 500 list were founded by immigrants or their children. An excerpt from the amicus brief states: Immigrants make many of the Nation’s greatest discoveries, and create some of the country’s most innovative and iconic companies America has long recognized the importance of protecting ourselves against those who would do us harm. But it has done so while maintaining our fundamental commitment to welcoming immigrants—through increased background checks and other controls on people seeking to enter our country. By the way, Steve Jobs’s biological father was a Syrian immigrant. An appeals court didn’t immediately reinstate the immigration restrictions over the weekend. Last week, Recode obtained a draft of the letter that Apple, Google, Microsoft, Facebook and other silicon Valley companies, along with an unidentified consumer goods and manufacturing company, put together to formally oppose Trump’s travel ban. “We share your goal of ensuring that our immigration system meets today’s security needs and keeps our country safe,” said a draft of that letter. “We are concerned, however, that your recent Executive Order will affect many visa holders who work hard here in the United States and contribute to our country’s success.” The letter is still being worked on and should be relased later this week. Source: Bloomberg Share: Tweet Follow: Follow @iDownloadBlog We Recommend Apple along with other tech giants working on a letter opposing Trump’s travel ban Tim Cook visits Downing Street, talks Brexit and more with UK Prime Minister Theresa May Apple considering legal action against Trump’s executive order on immigration Facebook halts WhatsApp data collection in UK following privacy probe Related Topics Apple, Facebook, Google, Government, Microsoft, News, Politics Mark S Some reason these companies can’t find employees in this country? Oh that’s right they want cheap labor. Maybe they should open offices in Syria? nova12 or because all the best and brightest aren’t necessarily US citizens? maybe there are smart people elsewhere, and not just in the US? anyway, the travel ban isn’t about outsourcing, you know. it’s about bright people with visas — and bright people who potentially could have gotten visas — coming here to work for these companies. and earn US salaries. IOW, you missed the point entirely. you’re arguing about tariffs or tax penalties or other penalties for outsourcing. this is about jobs HERE. Todd Sorensen I wonder if they did this when Obama imposed immigration restrictions 19 times. I’m guessing not. nova12 if only there were a tool one could use to find answers to questions like this. like, it would have a box where you could type in questions or search terms, and it would return links to materials with relevant information. I’m going to invent something like that. I bet I could make some money. Joshua The-Legend Wiebe Already invented. It’s called google. Aaron.k kandikatla He was being sarcastic pnh Why do you put up posts like this that are potentially controversial and then delete comments and turn off comments when you don’t like what someone says? That’s exactly what you did when you wrote an article about this same topic 4 days ago.   Search Connect with iDownloadBlog Facebook Become a fan RSS Get the latest news YouTube Watch Us Twitter Stay up to date Newsletter News delivered to you Google+ Add us to your circle   The most recent headlines Daily Deals: 15% off iTunes gift cards, $107 UE BOOM 2 speaker, and more Is iPhone 7’s matte black finish susceptible to chips and peeling? How to enable and use two-step verification on WhatsApp iPhone 8 again rumored to sport iris scanning and wireless charging Following delay, Apple’s W1-equipped BeatsX are now available for purchase   The latest jailbreak news FingerTouch lets you assign gestures to the Touch ID sensor SmartVPN toggles your iPhone’s VPN automatically on a per-app basis CRSettings lets you apply an image background to the Reachability view Solution to 7-day signing for Yalu may be coming: avoid other methods! HapticKeyboard enables haptic feedback as you type on your iPhone iDownloadBlog           iDownloadblog.com About About Advertise Contact Keep in Touch Twitter Facebook RSS Feed Newsletter Push Notifications Podcasts Let's Talk iOS Let's Talk Jailbreak Site Stuff Disclosure Privacy Policy   Copyright iDownloadBlog 2017. This website is not affiliated with Apple.
Feb 112017 E- Edition Newspaper Feb 11, 2017 Last Updated at 12:15 AST Home Subscribe E-Newsletter About Us Contact Us   Oman | Viral | Global | Motoring | Food | Celebrity | Sport Private sector to play a major role in Oman’s economic development Sinkhole opens up near Australian Prime Minister's Sydney home 6.3 magnitude earthquake no tsunami threat to Oman Child abductor images untrue, says ROP WATCH: Indian snake charmers Oman Omanisation | Tourism | Education | Environment | Health | Government | Transport | Science | Heritage Man rescued from mountain in Khasab News Rewind: Fuel prices dominate headlines Oman Oasis Mall to launch Spring Collection on 10th February Oman Tourism: Cruise visits booming Oman's Shura wants all fuel at fixed prices   #OmanPride: Last 2 days and then a one year wait for Muscat Festival #OmanPride: Youth learn life lessons by tackling challenges #OmanPride: Omani author pens book to help Gulf youth learn life skills #OmanPride: Men who keep traditional crafts alive #OmanPride: Faces at Muscat Festival World GCC | Middle East | India | Pakistan | Americas | Europe | Asia | Africa New Zealand rescuers form human chain to help stranded whales No contamination risk at nuclear power plant in France Blacklisted artists sue impeached Korean President Park Geun-hye Turkish forces enter Al Bab, Islamic State stronghold in Syria World’s biggest shipping company voices alarm at Trump trade war Business Personal Finance | Aviation | Energy | Markets | Property | Retail | Banking | Economy | Technology Petrobras $5.2 billion deal with Brookfield halted by court Amazon discloses Iranian business ties, warns of penalties A quarter of the world’s growth is undergoing big experiments Bank of England’s nears its 2% inflation target Facebook hires MTV executive Lefevre to develop TV shows Sports Oman | Football | Cricket | Tennis | Motorsport | Olympics | Hockey | Athletics | Golf | Sailing | More sports Cricket: India bat against Bangladesh in Hyderabad test Football: Leicester fire three past Derby to progress in FA Cup NBA starts a new pro league based on video-game basketball Oman swimmers for Iran meet Football: Barca appeal Suarez suspension from Cup final Opinion Ending peace talks Don't sell the euro short. It's here to stay Smartphones have an unexpected new rival How economic populism works Brexit in a brave new world Technology Game of the week: Shadow of Mordor All about apps: Kobo All about apps: MyFitnessPal Oman tech: How to charge your phone without electricity Oman technology: Torrents, danger is under the surface Lifestyle Wellness | Motoring | Dining | Entertainment | Family | Property Times | Travel  Leisure | Culture | Photography Pilot whales stranded in New Zealand Fun Facts: History of Valentine's Day Light solutions: When your house feels like a cave Philippines' shanty town fire Pakistan's aspiring young musicians   This Weekend | Food | Style | Recreation | Travel Oman Valentine's Day Offers 2017 Budget Eats: Inexpensive Yet Delicious Sandwiches Game Of The Week: Age of Empire 3 Weekend Events Muscat 9th, 10th, 11th February, 2017 5 Places to watch live music in Muscat World GCC Apple issues iPhone recall in the UAE February 6, 2017 | 5:14 PM by Times News Service An unexpected Iphone battery condition has caused a mass recall in the UAE x An unexpected Iphone battery condition has caused a mass recall in the UAE   Sharelines An unexpected battery condition that forces the phone to shut down caused this @Apple phones in #UAE are being recalled Abu Dhabi: A campaign to recall 88,700 iPhone 6s devices due to a fault in the battery was launched by Apple in the United Arab Emirates, after previously informing Emirati authorities about battery flaws that made certain iPhone 6 units shut down unexpectedly. "Apple has determined that a very small number of iPhone 6s devices may unexpectedly shut down," said a statement on the phone giant's official website. "This is not a safety issue and only affects devices within a limited serial number range that were manufactured between September and October 2015. "Your iPhone will be examined prior to any service to verify that it is eligible for this program and in working order," the statement went on to say. "Please call your service provider to confirm that battery replacement service is available on the day you visit them."iPhone users are requested to insert their serial number into a website, that has been specifically set up for this purpose. The news comes on the back of Apple posting it's biggest quarterly revenue ever. Released on the 31st of January, the California-based tech giant showed an income of $75.9 billion during their previous quarter, which ended on the 31st of December, 2016. Apple's recall of their iPhones draws parallels with the mass recall of their Korean rivals, Samsung, who were forced to organise a global recall of their Galaxy Note 7 phones after fault batteries caused them to spontaneously combust. The recall cost the company $3.8 billion and saw them suffer a 14% drop in sales during the third quarter of 2016, as they sold 11.8 million phones fewer than they did during the same period in 2015. < Previous PageNext Page > Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. STAY UPDATED Subscribe to our newsletter and be the first to know all the latest news Sign Up More in World Blacklisted artists sue impeached Korean President Park Geun-hye Turkish forces enter Al Bab, Islamic State stronghold in Syria World’s biggest shipping company voices alarm at Trump trade war Gallery +25 ° C +25° +25° Muscat Tuesday, 15 Wednesday +25° +24° Thursday +24° +23° Friday +24° +23° Saturday +24° +23° Sunday +24° +23° Monday +24° +23° See 7-Day Forecast Recommended for you New Zealand rescuers form human chain to help stranded whales No contamination risk at nuclear power plant in France PREVIOUS ARTICLE Militant attack kills six Pakistan police NEXT ARTICLE Compulsory voting requires consensus but awareness should be raised: Naidu Oman #OmanPride World Sports Opinion Business Technology Travel Lifestyle Entertainment Features Advertising RSS Feeds Subscription TOO Apps Classifieds E Paper About us Blog Jobs Contact us Request a Quote Sitemap Copyright © 2017 Muscat Media Group. Times of Oman is not responsible for the content of external internet sites. Newsletter
SUBSCRIBE NOWFOR HOME DELIVERY Home News Sports Business Autos Life Entertainment Opinion Advice Mitch Albom Archives Insider Media USA TODAY More Home News Sports Business Autos Life Entertainment Opinion Advice Mitch Albom Archives Insider Media USA TODAY social Follow search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Chat Support Chat Support Log Out Special report: Automation puts jobs in peril Automation is the greatest threat to the economy, but may also be its biggest opportunity. Nathan Bomey , USA TODAY Part 1 Welcome to the Automation Revolution Share This Story 1,231 Tweet Share Share Pin Email Comment BALTIMORE — The patter of automated machinery fills the air inside wire-basket manufacturer Marlin Steel’s bustling factory in a rugged industrial section of this city. Maxi Cifarelli, 25, of Baltimore, peers through safety goggles at a flat screen, her left knee bent and heel resting on her chair. Two years after earning a fine arts degree from Towson University with a specialty in interdisciplinary object design, she now spends her work days working with a personality-free machine with a name to match: a computer numerical control, or CNC, router. With automation poised to sweep through the economy, some fear that it will kill more jobs than it creates. But Cifarelli’s experience is the opposite. She befriended automation, instead of fighting it, and she has a job because of it. “I haven’t named it,” she said, peering over at the robotic machinery. “I should name it.” Cifarelli is one of 33 employees at Marlin Steel, which has undergone a transformation. Employees used to make wire baskets by hand. Now automation has taken over. High-tech machines do most of the work — and the plant needs workers willing to adapt their skill sets to survive in a rapidly changing economy. Automation has allowed Marlin Steel to thrive, but across the country, workers feel threatened. Donald Trump catapulted into the White House by giving voice to those fears and promising to save American factories and jobs by rewriting trade deals, taxing imports and removing regulations. A robotic arm removes a section of wire from a computerized two-dimensional bending machine before carrying it to an automated welder at Marlin Steel in Baltimore, which has embraced automation to remain competitive with foreign manufacturers. (Photo: Jasper Colt, USA TODAY) Futurists have warned for years that automation will take your job. Now it's happening, albeit in pockets, at manufacturers, warehouses and even some labor-intensive white-collar professions. As the political debate rages over how to inject fresh energy into the American economy with Trump taking office, automation presents perhaps the greatest threat to the American economy. But it may also reflect its greatest opportunity if workers take the Cifarelli route and embrace robotics, artificial intelligence and automation. Either way, it’s poised to accelerate — and if not here, then in foreign countries that will reap the benefits while the American economy suffers a competitive disadvantage. About 49% of worker activities can be turned over to some sort of machine or robot, increasingly helped along by artificial-intelligence software, according to consultancy McKinsey. About 58% of CEOs plan to cut jobs over the next five years because of robotics, while 16% say they plan to hire more people because of robotics, according to a PricewaterhouseCoopers survey. As artificial intelligence programs proliferate, automation won't be confined to the factory floor. Positions that involve a substantial amount of predictable work, such as data processing, could succumb to automated software and artificial intelligence. McKinsey counted more than 70 entire professions in which at least 90% of activities can be automated, ranging from mail clerks to ophthalmic lab technicians, tire-repairers, butchers, food preparers and bakers. But many Americans don’t think they need to adapt, with 80% saying their job definitely or probably will exist in its current form in 50 years, according to the Pew Research Center. “We often think about automation as applying to front-line, low-wage, low-skill activities and jobs — and what we’ve discovered is there are some activities that are high-wage, high-skill that are actually very susceptible to automation,” said Michael Chui, a McKinsey Global Institute partner in San Francisco who studies the issue. “Almost every job in the economy has a significant percentage of activities that can be automated." The professional service robot industry expects to sell a third more units from 2016 through 2019 — 333,200 in all — than it sold in the past 17 years, says the International Federation of Robotics. They could be used in place of professionals, whether it's medicine, agriculture, hospitality or even the supermarket down the street. Consider: —Restaurant workers. In fast-food, San Francisco-based Momentum Machines already makes a hamburger-flipping robot. Several chains are gradually introducing self-ordering stations. —Shelf stockers. In stores, San Francisco-based Bossa Nova Robotics has developed a robot that is checking shelf inventory in a test at Lowe’s, the home-improvement chain. —Journalists. Automated Insights has created a software suite called WordSmith that writes thousands of automated stories every month, including Minor League Baseball game accounts and earnings reports for the Associated Press, basketball game recaps for Yahoo! Sports and financial content for dozens of other clients. —Bookkeepers. Accountants — perceived as a steady 9-to-5 job with an average salary of $67,190 in 2015, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics — are poised for a total makeover. About one in five people in the finance and insurance sector primarily perform data processing — and about 85% of that work can be automated, McKinsey estimates. Predictability “The basic gist of it is the more certainty your job entails the more likely is to be automated out,” said Mary (Missy) Cummings, a Duke University professor and director of the Humans and Autonomy Lab. In other words, the more predictable your daily routine is, the more likely your job is to go away. It’s already happening. Walmart announced plans in September to cut 7,000 bookkeeping and store accounting positions as it automates cash management and centralizes the process at its headquarters. In accounting, nimble firms will transition their focus to advising clients based on insights gleaned from automated data. Audits may go from an annual process to a continuous action. Software will increasingly handle the “high-volume, routine, non-judgmental” activities in real time, said Bill Brennan, audit transformation leader for PricewaterhouseCoopers. PwC is now hiring employees for its auditing business with backgrounds in science, technology and engineering. “We need those individuals to help us as we get into data analysis, analytics, data security, cloud computing. The future employee is going to have a combination of those skills,” Brennan said. Cifarelli knows. At Marlin Steel, her college-level education pays off in production work. Pecking periodically at a computer mouse, she delivers detailed instructions, programming the machine to carve small canyons in wood to hold wire that is later welded together with automated equipment to make precision wire baskets, accurate to within 2/1000ths of an inch. She's bonded with her CNC, which she has come to think of as a robot companion. “I need the robot to ensure consistency,” Cifarelli said. “Over the past year, I’ve become really accustomed to the sounds and the movements of it. I can really predict what’s gonna happen. We’re kind of a team.” For Marlin Steel, the problem was straightforward: Automate or die. In the early 2000s, factory workers at the 48-year-old company were forming the big metal baskets typically seen in bagel shops by hand-bending wire at a rate of 300 bends per hour in a grueling manual process. “They all had huge right arms,” Marlin Steel CEO and owner Drew Greenblatt said. CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share Marlin Steel in Baltimore, Maryland, was able to stay in business by automating its processes to stay competitive when many other manufacturing jobs went overseas. Video by Jasper Colt, USA TODAY When emerging overseas competitors swooped in and undercut the company on labor costs, producing baskets for less than $6 each to Marlin’s $12, sales cratered. “Our entire business model blew up and we were hemorrhaging,” Greenblatt said. “China was exporting baskets into Manhattan for cheaper than I could buy the steel.” To fight back, the company purchased robotic wire-forming machines and other automated equipment to manufacture precision wire baskets and other metal products for customers that required a higher-quality product, such as Boeing, General Motors, Harley-Davidson and Disney. Because of automation, Marlin Steel nearly doubled its workforce over the last decade to 33 employees and boosted pay from minimum wage when Greenblatt acquired the company to at least $15 per hour today, with some employees making more than $30. “It’s only viable because my employees are like on steroids,” Greenblatt said. “All of a sudden they’re super productive and it’s because we’ve given them the tools — it’s robotics and automation. Thank God for robots. If it wasn’t for robots, these guys would be unemployed.” Foreign competition Marlin Steel may have been ahead of its time. Industrial robots have hit an inflection point — powered by cost reductions and technological improvements in visioning, sensing and gripping — and are poised to accelerate. Although they only perform 10% of tasks in manufacturing today, they will perform 25% by 2025, according to a study by Boston Consulting Group. A computerized puncher stamps pieces out of sheet metal at Marlin Steel in Baltimore, which has embraced automation to remain competitive against foreign manufacturers. (Photo: Jasper Colt, USA TODAY) In one tangible sign of increased automation, those technological improvements have ushered in the dawn of the “collaborative robot,” unleashing automation from protective cages and placing the machinery right next to humans, with sensors protecting the worker and ensuring efficiency. Barclays analysts estimate that global sales of so-called “cobots” will balloon from 4,100 units and $120 million in 2015 to 701,000 and $12 billion in 2025. And it's happening globally. China, for example, is not wasting any time. Amid all the political consternation over alleged currency manipulation and global trade advantages, China is expected to double its installation of industrial robots from 75,000 in 2015 to 150,000 in 2018, nearly four times the rate of North America, according to the International Federation of Robotics. Trump has repeatedly pledged to bring manufacturing back to the U.S., even suggesting that Apple’s iPhone could be made here and exhorting Apple CEO Tim Cook to do so. But that might not be possible without massive automation to make it cost-effective to manufacture in the U.S. Apple’s iPhone manufacturer, Foxconn, in fact, has already begun automating certain work that was previously done by hand. A Chinese government official told a Hong Kong newspaper in May that Foxconn had replaced 60,000 workers with robots at one factory there. And the company is receiving incentives north of Shanghai in the eastern-central Jiangsu Province to accelerate investments in robotics to replace human labor, according to Chinese state media organization Xinhua. As automation advances, globalization will enter a new chapter in which low-cost labor becomes increasingly irrelevant. Unlike humans, robots don’t get paid an hourly wage. So it’s not much more expensive to operate a machine in a developed economy than it is in the developing world. That could be good news for America because it may slow the outflow of investment to other countries. “The fastest growing robotics user in the world is China because they understand that they want a lot of this manufacturing based on low-cost labor, but that’s not the whole game,” said Jeff Burnstein, president of the Association for Advancing Automation. “The game now more than ever is quality, speed and flexibility — and low-cost labor alone is not gonna do it.” The downsides Automation is a double-edged sword, though. Take the example of family-owned Ramsey, Minn.-based injection molder Dynamic Group. The company recently boosted its production by 400% after installing robotic arms made by Universal Robots. Automation bolstered the company’s capability to produce lower-volume, highly complex products that would otherwise not be profitable because the company could not afford to hire workers to craft and manufacture devices with limited commercial appeal. “It’s really hard to be able to be competitive nation- and worldwide coming from this market and having to do that type of labor,” said Joe McGillivray, CEO of Dynamic Group, whose father co-founded the company in 1977. “We’re able to do more work, which will allow us to make more money and pay you better.” Still, the downsides of automation are impossible to ignore. As advanced manufacturing companies adopt more automation, many workers won’t be needed. Nathan Myers operates a two-dimensional bending machine that bends steel wire of various thicknesses into a specific radius for Marlin Steel in Baltimore. (Photo: Jasper Colt, USA TODAY) McGillivray said that by installing robots, Dynamic Group expects to reduce its reliance on temporary workers. In the past, the company had occasionally hired up to 20 temp workers to aid its permanent staff of 106 workers. “We would instead be using robots as our flex labor instead of people as our flex labor,” he said. Artificial intelligence If automation evokes imagery of robots replacing humans, then its close relative, artificial intelligence, conjures fears of computers taking dominion over humans. But those fears, while perhaps not unfounded in the distant future, fail to reflect AI’s emerging role as an assistant to people in the workplace. At Boston-based start-up Lola, two executives who were almost single-handedly responsible for replacing travel agents with computers — that is, one of automation’s most obvious examples of displacement — are reviving the travel agent through artificial intelligence. The 50-person company has developed an AI-based system — which basically just means a bunch of software algorithms — to aid human travel agents in making recommendations to travelers, booking accommodations and addressing itinerary hiccups. “We think most travelers would rather talk to a human because the human will understand them 100% of the time, so we use the bots to back them up,” said Lola CEO Paul English, who co-founded travel listings site Kayak.com and served as the company’s chief technology officer. “If we’re successful we’ll have thousands of travel agents, perhaps tens of thousands of travel agents working exclusively for Lola.” The AI, which English affectionately refers to as a bot, can crawl through a user’s email inbox, for example, to identify travel preferences and scheduling quirks. Those insights are translated into intelligence that the travel agents use to improve their customer's experience. For Lola Chairman Barney Harford, former CEO of travel booking site Orbitz and former executive at Expedia, it’s a sharp turn from his previous life ushering in the age of do-it-yourself travel. “We are bringing humans back into the picture,” Harford said. Part 2 How to make your job automation-proof For Canyon Gamble, robots aren’t the enemy — they’re a ticket to prosperity. The 19-year-old last year chose a decidedly high-tech career path, completing a special automation certification program at the tech center known in Marion, Ohio, simply as RAMTEC. It's already paying off. “I’ve had two or three job offers just in the past month,” he said, noting chances to work on computer-aided design (CAD) and 3D CAD. “I don’t need a college degree just because of how the field works. If you can prove you can do it, you most likely can get the job." At a time when automation is poised to eliminate entire professions across America, students like Gamble and some industry professionals are trying to outrun the revolution. For workers to survive with good jobs that are increasingly automated, it's worth considering the old adage: If you can’t beat ‘em, join ‘em. Or in this case, gain skills in programming, maintaining or fixing industrial robots or automated software. One strategy is to embrace a profession with little predictable work. Canyon Gamble of Marion, Ohio, reviews a three-dimensional gripper he developed for a Universal Robot arm through training at the Tri-Rivers Career Center’s Robotics & Advanced Manufacturing Technology Education Collaborative in his hometown. (Photo: KimAronson.com) A study by consultancy McKinsey found more than 70 professions in which no more than 10% of activities are susceptible to automation based on currently accessible technology. Those automation-proof jobs include posts such as special education teacher, transit police, tree trimmer, purchasing agent, multimedia artist and animator, psychiatrist, occupational health specialist, mathematician, music director, economist, astronomer and clergy. Adapting may be the only way to avoid tumbling into unemployment as automation sweeps workers out of entire fields. The good news: Automation technology jobs are lucrative. Careers in advanced manufacturing automation range in salary from $40,000 to $60,000 for high-school grads with certification from a center like RAMTEC and from $50,000 to $70,000 for associate degree grads from junior colleges with similar training, said Paul Aiello, director of certified education training for Japanese robotics maker Fanuc. By contrast, the national median compensation for Americans with only an associate's degree is $41,496, while the median compensation for someone with only a high school diploma is $35,256, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics. Not all of this critical training comes in classrooms. Some workers manage to figure it out on their own. Joshua Wallace, 33, a robotics technician at Marlin Steel in Baltimore, taught himself how to improve some of the company’s robotics systems by watching videos on YouTube. “If I run into a problem it’s amazing — just jump online. I jump on a forum,” says Wallace, an Army veteran of Afghanistan and Iraq. “Surprisingly there’s a couple things I just learned that would have really helped out months ago and a three-minute video shows me how to break it down and do it. I’m like, 'Oh my, it’s so simple.'” Another way to keep the automation revolution from swallowing your job is to devise a role that turns the tables on tech. Mari Vance did. Vance, 25, of Las Vegas, recently had her hours cut almost in half, from full-time to part-time, working as a parking booth attendant when the hotel-casino where she worked installed an automated ticketing booth. Needing more work, she left her job and struck out on her own. She decided to design a role-playing game for computers, raising more than $15,000 through crowd fundraising site Kickstarter to create a visual novel video game called Dragon Date, using self-taught skills. “I have a theory that 20 years from now we’re all going to be technicians and all the service jobs are going to be automated,” she said. "In the long term, I feel like creative jobs and stuff like that are the jobs that are most immune to automation." She's got a point. The pace of advanced robotics installation is expected to go from 2% to 3% annual growth today to 10% growth within a decade, according to Boston Consulting Group. Educators need to adjust the pace at which they revise their own programs. CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share RAMTEC is an Ohio technical center that offers high school students training in the field of robotics and advanced manufacturing technologies. That’s what happened at RAMTEC, which stands for Robotic Advanced Manufacturing Technical Education Collaborative. Chuck Speelman, superintendent of the Tri-Rivers Career Center, said the organization realized several years ago after a series of candid conversations with local manufacturers that its robotics program was not teaching marketable skills or using up-to-date equipment. “They pretty much told us that what we were doing was a waste of time,” he said. “We had to change the paradigm.” In partnership with robotics companies, local manufacturers and educators, Tri-Rivers Career Center designed a system that is now being replicated throughout the state. High school students enrolled for free at RAMTEC continue earning their traditional diplomas while also collecting skills that local businesses such as global automaker Honda, which has plants in Ohio, and robotics refurbishing firm Robot Works are demanding. Companies are pitching in. For example, Fanuc donated software training programs and sold cutting-edge robotics systems to RAMTEC at a steep discount. The company already trains about 8,000 to 9,000 people annually through its own network of paid courses, but is running at 99% capacity. “We can’t keep up,” Aiello said. “The only way to put a dent in the demand is to partner with education.” Follow USA TODAY reporter Nathan Bomey on Twitter @NathanBomey. Share This Story 1,231 Tweet Share Share Pin Email Comment © 2017 www.freep.com. All rights reserved. Chapters TK TK TK TK Part 1 Welcome to the Automation Revolution Part 2 How to make your job automation-proof Share Enjoy a limted number of articles over the next 30 days Subscribe Today Log In Subscribed, but don't have a login? Activate your digital access. Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about Special report: Automation puts jobs in peril As the political debate rages over how to boost the American economy with Trump taking office, automation presents perhaps the greatest threat. But it may also reflect the economy's greatest opportunity Special report: Automation puts jobs in peril As the political debate rages over how to boost the American economy with Trump taking office, automation presents perhaps the greatest threat. But it may also reflect the economy's greatest opportunity  Check out this story on Freep.com: http://usat.ly/2kdc67R {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Home Budget 2017MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMF TechJobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWSpeedET Portfolio Tech Hardware Software Internet ITeS Do Big Stories ET Home›Tech›Hardware 04:05 PM | 10 Febmarket stats SENSEX 28,3344.55 NIFTY 50 8,79415.15 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 29,190101.00 USD/INR 66.880.03 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Sensex, Nifty50 end flat after choppy trade; TCS, Infosys surge 2% each Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW No decision yet on Apple's demand for concessions: DIPP By PTI | Feb 06, 2017, 06.34 PM IST Post a Comment READ MORE ON » Redington | iPhone | Customs duty | Apple Inc | Apple The Cupertino-based technology major has asked for several tax and other incentives, including long-term duty exemptions, to enter the manufacturing sector in India. RELATED COMPANIES EXPAND ADD TO Portfolio Watchlist OUTLOOK? +ve -ve Redington x Loading data... ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz Close ✕ Panneerselvam vs Sasikala: Who will lead Jayalalithaa's party? Track the turmoil in Tamil Nadu here NEW DELHI: The government has not taken a final decision yet on the concessions being sought by US iPhone maker Apple for setting up a manufacturing unit in India, a top official said today. Secretary in the Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion (DIPP) Ramesh Abhishek said that Apple has submitted certain demands for the government's consideration. "We had a meeting of all the concerned ministries and departments (on those demands) and we have asked them to look at those issues and take a view. No ministry has yet taken a final decision on any of those. But we are in touch with them," Abhishek told reporters here. He said the government supports all manufacturing, including value manufacturing, in the country by companies. "So we would definitely like to promote this. So we are coordinating response from all the concerned ministries but no final view has been taken yet on any of those," he said. The secretary also clarified that the government does not take any policy decision for a particular company. "Decision is taken for everyone. So no company specific decision can be taken," he said, adding that DIPP has forwarded the requests of Apple to the Department of Revenue also. On January 25, Apple Inc indicated to the government that it is ready with a blueprint to begin manufacturing iPhones in India, but wants fiscal concessions, including Customs duty waiver on import of components. Apple executives made a detailed presentation on its road map for setting up a manufacturing unit in India to an inter-ministerial group headed by Abhishek. With sales tapering in the US and China, Apple is eyeing India -- the fastest growing smartphone market in the world -- and looking to set up a local manufacturing unit to cut costs. It makes devices through contract manufacturers. Besides exemption from the Customs duty on imports of components and equipment for 15 years, Apple wants relaxation in the mandated 30 per cent local sourcing of components. In a communication to the government, the Cupertino-based technology major has asked for several tax and other incentives, including long-term duty exemptions, to enter the manufacturing sector in India. Currently, the government provides support by way of benefits under the Modified Special Incentive Package Scheme (MSIPS) to boost electronic manufacturing. The company sells its products through Apple-owned retail stores in countries like China, Germany, the US, the UK and France, among others. It has no wholly-owned store in India and sells its products through distributors such as Redington and Ingram Micro. Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App. Download it Now! DON'T MISSany stories, follow ET Tech on TwitterFollow FROM AROUND THE WEB Toyota - Less browsing, more dancing Toyota She lost her Baby after a terrible fall! Milaap Top 10 Low Budget Movies That Became Blockbusters Bollywood UnionMORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES 'Indians will keep on working in United States' Here's how Donald Trump' win will impact India Companies moving to real-time performance appraisals From Around the WebMore from The Economic Times Astrology for life path@Spiritual fellow Samir Desai Pre-Launching Godrej Greens Pune 2/3 BHK from 40Lacs+ Godrej Pune - New Projects Buy all new Kindle 6-inch @ just $79.99 Amazon Promote content on Times of India network Colombia Reckitt Benckiser to buy Mead Johnson for $16.6 bn Real Estate Companies moving to real-time performance appraisals Don’t fear Donald Trump talk of reform, for now READ MORE ON » Redington | iPhone | Customs duty | Apple Inc | Apple To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented With persistent headwinds, Indian IT companies likely to hand out peanuts as appraisals this year Infosys crisis: Board Members throw their weight behind non-executive chairman R Seshasayee Infosys crisis: Employees fear promotions will be halted, many consider likely impact on their positions N R Narayana Murthy erred in focusing on only founders becoming leaders: T V Mohandas Pai Infosys’ third largest institutional investor OppenheimerFunds backs Vishal Sikka More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebLive:Assembly Elections 2017|Punjab & Goa Election 2017 Income Tax calculator|Income Tax Slabs Budget 2017|Elections 2017 Sensex, Nifty Live Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
By using this service and related content, you agree to the use of cookies for analytics, personalised content and ads. Learn more msn back to msn home news Web search Sign in Change language and content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Feedback Headlines UK News World Report President Trump Weird News Video Photos My Topics Home News Weather Entertainment Sport Money Lifestyle Horoscopes Health & Fitness Food & Drink Cars Travel News Sections UK News World Report EU Referendum US News Weird News Photos Videos AdChoices iPhone, Siri, CarPlay And Other Apple Products Expected To Grow In 2017 International Business Times Rishabh Jain 4 days ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Teens jailed for more than 20 years for stabbing man Britain braces for sub-zero weekend © Provided by IBT US Tim Cook had indicated a lot of developments from Apple in his quarterly earnings call last week. He indicated that the company’s flagship smartphone, the iPhone still had much more technological evolution to go for. Here is the range of products that the Apple CEO talked about and based on how they are expected to develop in 2017.  iPhone 8  “I think the smartphone is still in the early innings of the game,” Cook said about the iPhone. Could this be an indication of some new technological changes coming to the device so as to keep it in “the game?” Apple generally launches just one phone per year compared to its competitors such as Samsung and LG, which have devices at various price ranges and have round the year launches. Apple's upcoming device, the iPhone 8 will face major competition from Samsung’s flagship – the Galaxy S8, which is expected to come with features such as an artificially intelligent voice assistant, an edge-to-edge display, a 10nm processor and an IP68 standard waterproof body. The device is expected to release by late March/early April. The iPhone 8 will be determining Apple’s fortunes for the year and therefore will have to match up to, if not march ahead of the device. It is therefore expected to come with features such as wireless charging, face recognition, IP68 standard waterproofing and a 10nm processor. Apple has a range of products beyond its flagship smartphone, which gets a lot of hype. Here’s how some of its products and services are expected to develop this year. Siri Since October last year, when Google revealed the Assistant, it’s artificially intelligent (AI) voice assistant, smartphone companies have become increasingly focused on artificial intelligence. Google, Amazon and HTC have already launched their voice assistants, while Samsung reportedly has its own, Bixby in the works, expected to debut with the Galaxy S8. Given the competition, Apple is expected to ramp up Siri.  Apple acquired an Australian start-up called Turi in August 2016. Turi had developed a technology which will help developers create apps with machine learning and AI capabilities. If Apple endows Siri with the same capabilities, it would put it way ahead of the competition as Siri would not only act as an AI voice assistant but also interact with apps to ensure increased user-response based usage. Apple Services Apple Services business made $7.1 billion in revenues for Apple during the last quarter. “I talked about home automation, but I could have talked about Health or CarPlay. Enterprise use is growing. When I look at all of these things, we’ve got exciting things in the pipeline and I feel really good about it,” the company’s CEO had said during the investor call. The company is expected to evolve its services further, especially CarPlay, which competes with Google’s Android Auto. While Google is working on expanding the vehicles division by developing products such as the Waymo self-driving cars, Apple has confirmed that it is working on its self-driving cars. Its other services including Apple Music are also expected to improve with the company producing its own moves and original TV shows. Home Automation “Now, when I say ‘Good Morning’ to Siri, my house lights come on and my coffee starts brewing. When I go to the living room to relax in the evening, I use Siri to adjust the lighting and turn on the fireplace… …And when I leave the house, a simple tap of my iPhone turns the lights off, adjusts the thermostat down, and locks the doors. When I return to my house in the evening as I’m near my home, the house prepares itself for my arrival automatically by using a simple geofence.” Tim Cook explained his daily regimen in detail. While the CEO hasn’t revealed anything about future Apple products, the stress on home automation during the call could be indicative of Apple’s work on the technology. Could Apple be working on smart speaker like the Amazon Echo or the Google Home? If Siri becomes evolved, there is a chance that its presence might not be restricted to just iPhones, iPads and after the Sierra update, MacBooks. The company could make use of an evolved voice assistant and make a smart device, maybe a speaker, which could certainly help in developing smart homes controlled by Siri.  Go to MSN Home Go to MSN News Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behaviour that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices More from International Business Times WebVR functionality added to Google Chrome mobile browser International Business Times What is E3? Annual Expo is gaming industry’s biggest event International Business Times iPhone 8 may not have any buttons at all International Business Times Apps vulnerable to data theft International Business Times International Business Times View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy & Cookies Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Anti-Spam Did you find the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues with searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps My Topics feedback Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
NEWS l l CHANNELS GamesBeat AI AR/VR Big Data Bots Business Cloud Dev Enterprise Entrepreneur Esports Marketing Media Mobile PC Gaming Security Social Transportation Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise EVENTS l l VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Speaker Media Partner Volunteer Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise RESEARCH l l CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Mobile Gaming Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise ‹ NEWS › CHANNELS GamesBeat Entrepreneur AI Esports AR/VR Marketing Big Data Media Bots Mobile Business PC Gaming Cloud Security Dev Social Enterprise Transportation ‹ EVENTS › VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Media Partner Speaker Volunteer ‹ RESEARCH › CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Gaming Mobile Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription ‹ VENTUREBEAT › About Advertise Careers Contact Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars MARKETING Guest Mixed reality will soon mean big business for brands Keith Curtin, See Digital@kfcurtin February 6, 2017 5:40 AM Tags: Apple, AR, augmented reality, brands, iPhone, marketing, Marketing Weekly, Mixed Reality, MR, ve, virtual reality Image Credit: See Digital Are brands ready for mixed reality? The answer is a resounding no!  Fortunately, there’s still time left to prepare for one of the biggest digital transformations of all time. Reports suggest that a collection of the world’s leading tech companies, including Microsoft, Apple, Samsung, Huawei, LG, Acer, Intel, Meta, Magic Leap, and ODG are all planning to double down on mixed reality (MR) this year by bringing affordable devices to the masses. In particular, excitement continues to grow over speculation that Apple may be ready to unveil its MR device in the coming months to coincide with the 10-year anniversary of the iPhone. Tim Cook has recently made bold statements about augmented reality (AR), indicating his company will have a major horse in the race. Many analysts believe that horse will be the dominant front-runner. ‘AR is going to be as important as eating three meals a day, and once it’s arrived, we will wonder how we ever lived without it, similar to how we feel about our phones’ – Tim Cook If rumors are true, Apple could instantly flip the switch on mixed reality and seed the globe with first-weekend sales that potentially exceed 40-60 million units, based on prior iPhone launch statistics. Having AR-capable devices delivered at such speed and scale would certainly send both brands and consumers into a frenzy over the immediate demand for readily available content. (This is the same issue we are currently seeing with VR.) ‘Users will start expecting brands to have mixed reality experiences in 2018. The big money will show up in 2020’ – Robert Scoble To prepare, every brand needs to have an AR strategy now! Some unique brand benefits: Products become “Always On” digital media channels Products and objects will extract valuable and unique consumer data sets Spatial mapping and eye sensors will allow brands to “see” much further Targeting and retargeting capabilities will become more precise and relevant Engagement rates and dwell times will tip the scale Engagement and exposure will trigger increased consumer spending on goods Products = next-gen websites and portals Consumers will soon ditch today’s clunky devices in favor of mixed reality glasses with spatial computing powers. These new lenses will pull up interactive 3D holograms, games, websites, video, telecommunications, virtual desktops, and much more. What this means for brands is that products and objects are going to become next-generation websites filled with 3D content that users can touch, hold, speak to, and learn from. This entirely new medium will give brands and advertisers the ability to engage with – and learn about – their consumers in ways that never existed before. It will close the gap between the physical and digital, allowing brands to create platforms and communities that far exceed limitations posed through today’s existing media channels.  This will also profoundly impact product sales, brand loyalties, and consumer engagement at unimaginable rates. As adoption ignites and MR becomes scalable, consumers will soon expect digital content from every product they come in contact with. For example, a Coca-Cola product will now deliver a realistic 3D gaming, music, or sporting event experience. Food products like Hellman’s Mayonnaise or Extra Virgin Olive Oil will be able to deliver exclusive 3D recipe tutorials given by a Rachel Ray hologram (You may even want to hold and interact with a 3D catalog of her cookware set). Many of the items that make it into your grocery cart will have digital discounts and product benefits displayed straight from the package as you walk down the aisle and shop. For brands, mixed reality means that everything in the world can now become a media channel and ANY creative concept imaginable can be executed. Next-gen search engine = visual search Because we will rely on these new MR glasses for practically everything we do, and because we could potentially wear them throughout most of our day, there will be a significant increase in the amount of content we consume on a daily basis. For brands, this could mean more advertising opportunities that allow them to capture — and learn from — behavioral data. Ultimately, however, this will also mean that trillions of physical objects in our world must be indexed in order to have some type of relevant content associated with them. So how will all this messaging and content be segmented so that it’s delivered in all the right places and to all the right audiences? Eye Tracking This is certainly not a new feature; Samsung has included eye tracking in its phones for several years, but it’s quickly becoming a very important ingredient in mixed reality headsets. Eye-tracking technology has seen heavy investment from the world’s largest tech companies, including Google (Eyefluence), Apple (Primesense), Facebook (The Eye Tribe), Microsoft (in-house development), and several others. This means MR devices will have the ability to track exactly where and what you are looking at. Machine Learning In addition to understanding where you are looking, a computer’s ability to determine what we are actually looking at is another important factor. [In simple terms, machine learning is when a computer is trained to act based on recognizing patterns rather than being explicitly programmed.] The more examples a computer sees, the better it gets at understanding what it’s seeing. Coupled with advanced computer vision, eye tracking and machine learning are vital ingredients for implementing the next-generation of “visual” search engines. Below is a word cloud taken from a massive dataset that Google and YouTube-8M recently released for developers to help facilitate machine learning capabilities. IoT in mixed reality = the ‘Internet ON Things’   Imagine the ability to look at your dog or cat and instantly activate important information needed to care for your pet. You might learn about nearby veterinarians and dog parks or research and purchase Purina pet supplies straight from Amazon Prime. Data collected will allow further content to be contextual and precisely targeted back to your dog’s breed, age, gender, exercise habits, diet, etc. There will even be content and virtual products that you can hold and interact with through hand gestures within this new search interface. Brand marketing in Visual Search will become incredibly intuitive, establishing personal and emotional connections with consumers like never before. Data collection and ad targeting Brands will collect BIG data within our personal environments. With most recent technological advancements, there are concerns about privacy and the collection of data. What’s being collected, and who knows what about us? Mixed reality will have its share of privacy concerns. Who will initially own and distribute this data is still a big question. Because MR devices work by scanning and mapping our physical spaces, the amounts of data collected within our personal environments will be staggering. Soon marketers and corporations will be able to actually “see” into consumers homes and gather knowledge they can leverage by targeting ads and products with pinpoint accuracy. For example, the baby high chair in the background will likely be indexed and stored as meta-data somewhere in the cloud while you are busy trying out new sofas from a 3D IKEA catalog. When passed off to marketers, that data will let retailers like Target, for example, understand there are young children in your household, paving the way for targeted ads, products, and content options from Gerber, Huggies, Fischer Price, etc. But remember, much of this content can be delivered in a more immersive way, making it desirable and helpful. This type of marketing will be less perceived as spam than today’s web banners and pop-ups. Spam and governance  Brands will now have the ability to leave content waiting for you, sitting on top of real-world objects and locations, similar to Pokémon Go. This can be done through geolocation, or by simply dropping pixels into previously mapped environments so that they can activate 3D experiences and branded content when viewed. Much of the content we engage with through our new MR lenses will be content consumers actually want, so it will be pull-based through interactions with objects and products, becoming valuable to both the advertiser and consumer. But, as with all quality advertising and messaging, there will also be fierce competition by advertisers looking to push as much unwanted messaging directly within your line of sight as possible. Because everything in the world will now become prime real estate for brand marketing, new filters and restrictions will need to be put in place and adhered to in an effort to protect consumers and their privacy. In a recent article, Behance founder and VC investor Scott Belsky offered five predictions for the future of tech (all of which I agree with). He suggests that ad blockers may be a suitable solution for these concerns. He also cites the need for industry governance through a professional association that can establish a clear set of rules and guidelines for advertising within the new world of mixed reality. Brands should start with mobile AR in 2017 While we await further news surrounding advancements and mass market distribution plans for these highly anticipated first-gen MR devices, mobile AR is still the best solution for brands looking to test and learn for the short term. The good news is mobile AR has been around for a number of years, and unbelievable innovation already exists that can be readily implemented at mass scale, with a sizable number of solutions to choose from. Now is a great time for brands to start developing strategies and learning what works with consumers and what doesn’t so they are ready to make the transition and to commit to longer-term investments when the optics market ignites. Keith Curtin is an Entrepreneur, Brand Marketing Executive & Founder of See Digital, a consultancy firm specializing in augmented reality, virtual reality & mixed reality. He has recently been named #1 on Onayltica’s “Augmented Reality Top 100 Brands & Influencers” list. Keith has consulted with hundreds of Fortune 1000 global brands to develop and execute their first augmented reality & mixed reality campaigns including: Coca-Cola, Pepsico, Dr Pepper Snapple Group, Nestle, Kraft Foods, Kellogg’s, Mondelez, Mars Foods, Disney, Nickelodeon, Walmart, Anheuser Busch, Heineken, LVMH, Diageo and many others. ABOUT CONTACT CAREERS ADVERTISE Terms of Service Privacy Policy © 2017 VentureBeat. All rights reserved.
Latest News Nation Elections 2017 World Business Budget 2017 Cities Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Opinion Education Photos Videos Explained Good News Trending Astrology Photo News Today’s Paper See More See Less Search for:   Nation Elections 2017 World Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos Blogs ePaper Budget 2017 Latest News Hold your tongue, I have your entire janam patri: PM Modi to Congress UP Assembly Elections 2017: Battle for heartland begins in west that may hold the key Bengal budget has Rs 250 crore to aid those hit by demonetisation Sasikala vs OPS: Raj Bhavan keeps both waiting Abu Dhabi module recruited nine Indians for Islamic State, sent some to Syria: NIA probe Home World US tech leads nearly 100 companies in legal brief against Trump travel ban US tech leads nearly 100 companies in legal brief against Trump travel ban The companies - including Apple, Google, Microsoft - banded together to file a "friend-of-the-court" brief with the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals arguing that the ban "inflicts significant harm on American business." By: Reuters | San Francisco | Updated: February 7, 2017 12:35 am US President Donald Trump. (Reuters File Photo) Nearly 100 companies, including some of high-tech’s biggest names, joined a legal brief opposing President Donald Trump’s temporary travel ban, arguing that it would give companies incentives to move jobs outside the United States. The companies – including Apple Inc, Google Inc and Microsoft Corp – banded together late on Sunday to file a “friend-of-the-court” brief with the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in San Francisco arguing that the ban “inflicts significant harm on American business.” Trump’s Jan. 27 executive order temporarily barred entry into the United States of people from seven Muslim-majority nations as well as suspending the U.S. refugee program, sparking protests and chaos at U.S. and overseas airports. On Friday, a federal judge in Seattle temporarily blocked the order. The Trump administration had a deadline on Monday to justify its action at the appeals court. Pending the next ruling in the case, the travel ban remained suspended, and people with valid visas who had been blocked from travel were being allowed to board planes. Refugee resettlement also resumed. The companies, backing a lawsuit brought against the ban by Washington state, argued that Trump’s order created uncertainty for companies depending on talent from overseas and global business travel to innovate and create jobs in the United States. “Highly skilled immigrants will be more interested in working abroad, in places where they and their colleagues can travel freely and with assurance that their immigration status will not suddenly be revoked,” the brief said. “Multinational companies will have strong incentives … to base operations outside the United States or to move or hire employees and make investments abroad.” “Ultimately, American workers and the economy will suffer as a result,” the companies argued. A major theme of the new Republican president’s 2016 presidential campaign was bringing back jobs he said had been moved to other countries. Facebook Inc, Twitter Inc, Intel Corp , eBay Inc, Netflix Inc and Uber Technologies Inc joined the brief, as well as non-tech companies such as Levi Strauss & Co and Chobani Llc. Uber’s chief executive, Travis Kalanick, quit Trump’s business advisory group on Thursday amid mounting pressure from activists and employees who oppose administration immigration policies. No other companies on the council, assembled during the transition leading up to Trump’s Jan. 20 inauguration, signed on to the “friend-of-the-court” brief. The tech companies, which employ many foreign-born nationals, have been among the most vocal groups speaking out against the travel order, which Trump has defended as necessary to ensure tougher vetting of people coming into the country and better protect the nation from the threat of terror attacks. In its response to the lawsuit, the government argued in legal filings that the president was exercising his constitutional authority to control U.S. borders and that the law allows him to suspend the entry of any class of foreigners who “would be detrimental to the interests of the United States.” The Department of Justice declined to comment beyond the filed court papers. The government had until 3 p.m. PST (2300 GMT) on Monday to submit additional legal briefs to the appeals court in support of the executive order. Following that, the court was expected to act quickly. A decision either way may ultimately result in the case reaching the U.S. Supreme Court. The brief filed by the companies hailed the contributions inclusive immigration policies have made to the American economy. It claimed that immigrants or their children have founded more than 200 of the companies on the Fortune 500 list. In addition to some of the companies filing the brief, the attorneys pointed to companies such as Kraft Inc, Ford Motor Co, General Electric Co, AT&T Inc, McDonald’s Corp, Boeing Co, and Walt Disney Co . “Collectively, these companies generate annual revenue of $4.2 trillion, and employ millions of Americans,” the brief said. Susan Cohen an attorney at Mintz Levin in Boston who represents big companies in immigration matters, including global information company and Reuters parent Thomson Reuters, said lawyers were advising clients to get to the United States as quickly as possible because the current situation allowing travel could change. She said that businesses were going out of their way to provide the most up-to-date information to their employees as the fast-moving court battle developed. “Many businesses are extremely upset and confused,” Cohen said. “They don’t know if meetings will be able to go forward or they will be able to bring people in for work. They can’t plan.” Election 2017 Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2017 Phase 1 Live Updates: Polling begins in 73 constituencies of western region UP Assembly Elections 2017: Battle for heartland begins in west that may hold the key UP Assembly Elections 2017: Day before first phase, Muslim clerics back Mayawati Best of Express Setback for Sasikala as TN education minister Pandiarajan joins Panneerselvam camp EntertainmentJolly LLB 2 movie review : Akshay Kumar, Saurabh Shukla make this an unalloyed delight EntertainmentShah Rukh Khan, Aamir Khan's first selfie in 25 years is one of a kind. See pic EntertainmentAvengers Infinity War: This behind-the-scenes teaser is everything Marvel fans need to begin the weekend. Watch video EntertainmentBadrinath Ki Dulhania song Tamma Tamma Again: Varun Dhawan, Alia Bhatt teleport you to the 90s. Watch video Must Read SportsIndia vs Bangladesh Live Score SportsTendulkar applauds Kohli in record-breaking form SportsSouth Africa reclaim top spot in ODI after SL whitewash TechnologyApple iPhone 5s offers on Valentine's Day: Is this deal worth it? TechnologyLatest Samsung leak suggests the logo for the Galaxy S8+ TechnologyWhatsApp now supports two-step verification: Here's how to enable LifestyleDrink (water) through the day, it helps Feb 11: Latest News No plans to retire from Bollywood, says Amitabh Bachchan Arsene Wenger may quit, says Arsenal great Ian Wright Yechury lashes out at PM Modi for threatening Congress with ‘expose’ Varun Dhawan avoids speaking on Govinda’s critical comment about him and father David Dhawan Venkatesh’s Guru gears up for a summer release                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iPad Air 2 iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS Sierra tvOS 10 watchOS 3 Buyer's Guide Forums iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air Apple VR Project iMac iPad Air 2 Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > Apple and iPhone 7 Continue to Be Outpaced by Lower-Cost Smartphone Brands in China Monday February 6, 2017 5:14 AM PST by Mitchel Broussard Apple remained the fourth largest smartphone vendor in China in 2016, beaten out by Oppo, Huawei, and Vivo in first, second, and third places, respectively, according to new data from research firm IDC. As a whole, IDC said it was a good year for the smartphone market in China, which saw a 19 percent year-over-year growth in 2016, and a 17 percent quarter-over-quarter growth in the fourth quarter of the year. Unfortunately for Apple, 2016 also represented its first ever year-over-year decline in the Chinese smartphone market. IDC noted that the new iPhone 7 debut "did not create as much of a frenzy compared to the past" launch of other iPhone models, but the firm doesn't think that vendors like Oppo, Huawi, and Vivo are stealing Apple's market share away. IDC believes that most of Apple's loyal Chinese users simply took an off year in 2016 in anticipation of 2017's "iPhone 8." 2016 was the first time ever that Apple saw a YoY decline in the PRC market. Even though the new black colored iPhones caught the attention of consumers, overall, the new launches did not create as much of a frenzy compared to the past. Despite the decline, IDC does not believe Chinese vendors have actually eaten away Apple's market share. Most Apple users are expected to be holding out for the new iPhone that will be launched this year, and that will help the brand to see a growth in 2017. Apple's 10-year anniversary iPhone will also likely attract some of the high-end Android users in China to convert to an iPhone. The overall growth in the smartphone market in China is said to be fueled by an "increased dependence on mobile apps" that led to consumers seeking device upgrades. Even in lower tiered cities, users sought out upgrades, which Apple's iPhone was too high-priced to justify. Instead, Oppo and Vivo "aggressively pushed mid-range smartphones in these cities," according to Tay X iaohan, IDC senior market analyst. The last note in the research firm's report focused on the slowdown of online shopping in 2016, with companies shifting to bolster their brick-and-mortar retail presence in China. This includes Xiaomi -- ranking as the fifth largest smartphone vendor -- which opened new Mi Home stores throughout the year to drive retail growth. "Apple has also been aggressive in increasing its offline retail presence," according to IDC. Just last month Apple launched its seventh retail location within Shanghai, China. One of Apple's biggest achievements in China is the App Store. In the third quarter of 2016, the country became the number one largest market in the world for App Store revenue on iOS devices, according to App Annie. Otherwise, Apple has been slowly losing market share in China for a while, with Europe last summer regaining its position as Apple's second biggest market after the United States and ahead of China. Related Roundup: iPhone 7 Tag: China 24 comments Top Rated Comments (View all) Kaibelf 5 days ago at 05:46 am In other news, more people buy McDonalds burgers than buy steak dinners. That doesn't mean they can't coexist. Rating: 7 Votes Luke MacWalker 5 days ago at 06:00 am And Samsung disappeared from the top 5 in China. Who could have told this based on the declarations of the "analysts" one or two years ago ? ;) Rating: 5 Votes nocturnum 5 days ago at 06:18 am I never understood how a phone that is expensive to most of us in the west is affordable in countries like China or India. Considering what the annual wage is in India how can an iPhone of any description be affordable? China has roughly 1.400.000.000 people. If 5% has decent wages, this means 70.000.000 potential customers. Get it? Rating: 4 Votes Dan From Canada 5 days ago at 05:57 am I never understood how a phone that is expensive to most of us in the west is affordable in countries like China or India. Considering what the annual wage is in India how can an iPhone of any description be affordable? Rating: 3 Votes Fzang 5 days ago at 06:14 am For all those about to make sweeping generalizations of ~half the world's population, remember that a small-percentage middle-class-and-above is still millions and millions of people who can easily afford an iPhone, just like you and I. Rating: 3 Votes Sasparilla 5 days ago at 05:33 am In a country where the average wage is a pittance of what it is in the Western World, that vendors with much cheaper handsets (and links with the country's authoritarian government) are grabbing market-share as more and more of the population buys mobile handsets is not a surprise. JMHO... Rating: 3 Votes TallManNY 5 days ago at 07:59 am China has roughly 1.400.000.000 people. If 5% has decent wages, this means 70.000.000 potential customers. Get it? And even if that 5% doesn't at first blush seem to make that much each year, the cost of living is much lower. You can make $100,000 a year in China and that means you can have a full-time maid/cook. When food and other daily expenses are really cheap, you can splurge on stuff like an iPhone if you want. Rating: 3 Votes tmartine 5 days ago at 06:44 am And Samsung disappeared from the top 5 in China. Who could have told this based on the declarations of the "analysts" one or two years ago ? ;) Seriously... Chinese are eating Samsungs lunch on the low end and Apple is kicking their butt in the high end... doesn't look good for them or other Japanese and Korean manufacturers... Rating: 3 Votes macs4nw 4 days ago at 02:16 pm I never understood how a phone that is expensive to most of us in the west is affordable in countries like China or India. Considering what the annual wage is in India how can an iPhone of any description be affordable? China and India equally, are countries where social status is highly regarded, much more so than in the West, and people will literally cut down on everything else to afford luxury goods and be able to announce to the world that they are 'of means'. You see it here too, but to a lesser extent. Also, China is no longer the rural, peasant society it once was. The industrial and manufacturing revolution that has occurred there has produced a surging middle class that now has disposable income beyond life's necessities. Rating: 1 Votes jonnysods 5 days ago at 05:35 am Is that Apples aim anyway? They aren't trying to compete with cheapy cheap handset makers... Rating: 1 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming iMac Early 2017 Updated models with AMD graphics options expected in early 2017. iPad Pro Early 2017? New ~10.5-inch model with nearly bezel-free design rumored. MacBook Q2 2017 Faster Kaby Lake processors and up to 16 GB of RAM expected in second quarter 2017. iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 Front Page Stories Hands-On With Apple's New BeatsX Earphones 10 hours ago on Front Page Apple's long-awaited BeatsX Earphones became available for purchase this morning, giving Apple customers an alternative to the hard-to-find AirPods. Priced at $149.95, BeatsX Earphones... 60 comments Tim Cook Thinks Augmented Reality is a 'Huge' Idea Like Smartphones 12 hours ago on Front Page Apple CEO Tim Cook has been on a whirlwind of a trip in Europe this week, making stops in France, Germany, and the United Kingdom to meet with everyone from students and developers to Apple retail... 59 comments Apple's Jennifer Bailey Says Customers Are Willing to Switch Banks to Use Apple Pay 14 hours ago on Front Page Apple Pay vice president Jennifer Bailey believes that Apple Pay is valuable enough that "customers will say they are happy to switch banks to use it." Bailey claims Australians are... 153 comments Matte Black iPhone 7 Users Complain About Chipped, Peeling Paint 15 hours ago on Front Page A number of customers who purchased the matte Black iPhone 7 or iPhone 7 Plus have noticed that the anodized finish on their devices has started chipping or peeling off in areas where there has... 237 comments iPhone 8 Said to Feature Iris Scanner to Authenticate With Your Eyes 19 hours ago on Front Page Apple is widely rumored to launch a high-end iPhone with an edge-to-edge OLED display this year, which has been variously called the "iPhone 8" or "iPhone X" to commemorate the... 261 comments BeatsX Earphones Launch on Apple Store for $150 23 hours ago on Front Page Apple today officially launched its much-anticipated BeatsX Earphones on its online store for $149.95, after initially delaying the earphones from Fall 2016 and into February 2017. With the delay... 192 comments Apple Delays Sales of UltraFine 5K Display as LG Works on Shielding Fix 1 day ago on Front Page As LG works on a fix for a Wi-Fi router issue plaguing its UltraFine 27-inch 5K Display, Apple has delayed shipments for the accessory and removed in store pickup options. New orders for the LG... 104 comments iCloud Was Storing Deleted Safari Browser History for Months, but Apple Fixed the Issue 2 days ago on Front Page When clearing Safari browser history, iPhone and iPad users expect all records to be permanently deleted from their devices, but it appears Apple's cross-device browser syncing feature caused... 128 comments • All Three New 2017 iPhones to Feature Wireless Charging (298) • 12.9-Inch iPad Pro in Short Supply Ahead of Rumored March Update (96) • The 2017 iPhone Could Cost Upwards of $1,000 (658) • Google Debuts Android Wear 2.0 Alongside Two New LG Smart Watches (106) • T-Mobile and Verizon Are Basically Tied in Network Speeds and So-Called 'Availability' (169) • Apple Hires Amazon Fire TV Head to Spearhead Apple TV Business (86) • Tim Cook Visits 'Kitchen Stories' Developers and Furniture Maker Dula on German Trip (50)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Husain Sumra Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade Winding the Clocks Back to 'Pocket God' - The TouchArcade Show #294 TouchArcade Needs Your Help - Tell Your Friends and Support Our Patreon TouchArcade Game of the Week: 'Postknight' 'Gravity Galaxy' Looks Like a Fun Orbital Action-Puzzle Game 'Wobblers' Is a Unique High Score Chaser From the Developer of 'Down the Mountain' 'Feudal Feud' Is a Promising Multiplayer Diplomacy/Conquest Game AppShopper Apple Announces New iPhone 6s with 3D Touch Apple Announces iPad Pro with 12.9-inch Retina Display Apple Announces iOS 9, Bringing Split-Screen Multi-tasking to iPad Apple Announces Mac OS X 10.11 'El Capitan' Apple Watch Pre-Orders to Open on April 10, Available Starting on April 24 Apple Announces New 12-inch MacBook with Retina Display Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
  SOFTPEDIA® DESKTOP Windows Games Drivers Mac Linux MOBILE Android APK Phones Tablets WEB Webscripts Web Browsers NEWS Softpedia > News > Apple FLASH SALE: Driver Booster 4      40% OFF! Apple Again Accuses Australian Banks of Wanting to Block Apple Pay GO Apple says banks intend to delay or block Apple Pay Feb 6, 2017 13:26 GMT  ·  By Alexandra Vaidos  ·  Share:  Apple seems to be having a difficult time promoting its Apple Pay service in Australia, as the company accuses local banks of delaying or even blocking the expansion of the mobile payment service in the country. Last year, Australian banks pleaded to have access to the NFC hardware in the iPhone so that existing mobile payment services could be used alongside Apple Pay in the country. Apple refused to grant access to the technology and the banks went to court, and a formal decision is expected this March. However, Apple criticized Australian banks once again today, Bloomberg reports. According to Apple, Australian banks attempted to “delay or even block” the Apple Pay rollout in the country. Apple says that this action hurts consumers and merchants who wish to use the technology. Access to NFC in iPhones would undermine security Apple went on to say that the security and simplicity of the iPhone would be undermined if Australian banks got access to the NFC inside. On the other side, Australian banks say that the goal is to provide customers with real competition, which would facilitate investment and innovation in digital wallet technology. Apple Pay is supported by American Express and many credit unions in Australia, which is the world’s biggest market for contactless payment technology. Apple Pay is currently provided only on iPhones, and for the new iPhone 7, Apple created a special version of the hardware just for Japan. Apple Pay is also available on the new MacBook Pro with the integrated Touch ID sensor. Apple Pay has been growing gradually since its launch. A few days ago, Apple announced that the transaction volume increased 500% year over year and the number of users tripled. The mobile payment service is seeing competition from Android Pay and Samsung Pay, while Samsung is expected to announce a lighter version called Samsung Pay Mini, available for many Android-running smartphones. #Apple#Apple Pay#iPhone 7#Samsung Pay#NFC technology subscribe feedly old reader newsblur digg reader rss feed reddit it! flip it share it tweet it Related  ·  Hot right now  ·  Latest news Apple Wants to Sell Used iPhones in India Despite Building New Phones Locally Apple to Start Manufacturing iPhones in India by April Class-Action Lawsuit Claims Apple Intentionally Forced Users to Upgrade to iOS 7 Apple’s iPad Declines As Microsoft Makes Its Surface Really Successful Apple iPhone 8 Will Reportedly Feature An Iris Scanner Let’s Chat: Windows vs. Linux Windows Close to Defeating Linux: Munich Could Give Up on LiMux Samsung Galaxy S8’s Bixby To Be Based on S Voice, Not Viv Labs’ AI Tech Microsoft Brings Windows 10 Mobile’s File Explorer on Xbox One Microsoft Teases New Windows 10 Security Announcements Apple iPhone 8 Will Reportedly Feature An Iris Scanner Let’s Chat: Windows vs. Linux    Apple Pay logo New Mac Apps Sip: A status bar menu application for the Mac OS X that enables you to quickly sample and encode colors that are visible on your Mac's screen. Manager: Versatile accounting software solution for Mac OS X that offers you the possibility to manage multiple businesses, to track all transactions, to generate reports, and so on Leanote: Connect to the Leanote online platform and organize your notes into notebooks, collaborate with other users, or post your entries as blog posts Day One: A streamlined and efficient journal / diary / text logging application with sync support, calendar view, password protection and more OmniOutliner: Powerful and streamlined OS X application that makes it possible to organize your ideas and projects in a simple and efficient manner Tidy Up!: A complex duplicate finder solution for Mac OS X that is able to analyze various types of files, such as images, music, applications, and more. Porting Kit: Games management solution that integrates downloading capabilities uses Wineskin to offer you the possibility to play Windows games on your Mac Reader comments Apple Is Now Rolling Out macOS Sierra 10.12.4 Public Beta 2 to All Mac Users more on: Apple i softpedia®     Like 202K    +1 56K     Follow 13K © 2001-2017 Softpedia. All rights reserved. Softpedia® and the Softpedia® logo are registered trademarks of SoftNews NET SRL. Privacy Policy news tip feedback      
iDownloadBlog Home Jailbreak How to Jailbreak Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Cydia Unlock How to Unlock Unlock News Apps iOS Apps Mac Apps Widgets Best Apps App Finder Tips Tips How to Tutorial iPhone Photography iPhone iPhone News iPhone 6s iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6 iPhone Photography iPad Mac Watch Apple Watch Guide TV Apple TV guide Download Deals Daily Deals: 15% off iTunes gift cards, $107 UE BOOM 2 speaker,... The best HomeKit accessories Let’s Talk Jailbreak 158: The ends and the means The best iOS 10 jailbreak tweaks   skip to main content skip to main menu     India: no decision yet on concessions to Apple regarding iPhone manufacturing plant By Christian Zibreg, Feb 6, 2017 Tweet 1 Comment A game of cat and mouse between Apple and the Indian government continues with news Monday that the government has yet to make a final decision regarding concessions being sought by Apple to set up an iPhone manufacturing plant in the country. Tribune India is reporting that Ramesh Abhishek, a secretary in the Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion (DIPP), told the media this morning that while Apple did submit certain demands for the government’s consideration, a final decision has yet to be announced. Speaking to reporters this morning, Abhishek did acknowledge that the government remains supportive of having foreign companies manufacture goods in the country. Any easing of Foreign Direct Investment (FDI) norms based on the submission made by Apple, he added, would be extended to the whole sector and not just the company. “We had a meeting of all the ministries concerned and departments (on those demands) and we have asked them to look at those issues and take a view. No ministry has yet taken a final decision on any of those. But we are in touch with them,” said Abhishek. “Decision is taken for everyone. So no company specific decision can be taken.” Two weeks back, senior officials from Apple flew to Delhi to meet with an inter-ministerial team of officials headed by Abhishek and present them its roadmap concerning the upcoming plant. Priya Balasubramaniam, VP Global Operations, Apple, met Commerce & Industry Minister Nirmala Sitharaman a day prior to the meeting. DIPP has forwarded Apple’s submission to the Department of Revenue. Apple is seeking a number of concessions from the government, like customs duty waiver on import of components and equipment for 15 years, easing of the mandated 30 percent local sourcing of components, relaxation from conditions such as labelling requirements, tax incentives including long-term duty exemptions and more. Last week, deleted tweets by a government official suggested that an iPhone facility will be set up at Peenya on the outskirts of Bengaluru. The Karnataka government even issued a media release welcoming Apple’s proposal “to commence initial manufacturing operations” in the state. “Apple’s iPhones will be made in Bangalore and all devices will be targeted at the domestic market,” said Kharge, India’s regional IT minister. Apple is said to have partnered up with Wistron, one of its Taiwan-based contract manufacturers, on “Made in India” iPhones. Kharge said the state will help Apple if it decides to turn to other contract manufacturers in the region. “We did not discuss any other incentives,” he said. If all goes as planned, Apple should start building iPhones in India by the summer. Source: Tribune India Share: Tweet Follow: Follow @iDownloadBlog We Recommend Apple supplier Wistron to build iPhones in India iPhone manufacturer Foxconn planning to expand its operations in India next year 2017 iPhone 7 production cut by 10 percent Foxconn has 10 fully automated production lines Related Topics Apple, India, iPhone, Manufacturing, News, Production Agneev Mukherjee How typical of India! It seems Apple is literally begging India for manufacturing when in reality, it is the government that is wishing Apple manufactures products in order to boost it’s Obamacare equal Make in India program…   Search Connect with iDownloadBlog Facebook Become a fan RSS Get the latest news YouTube Watch Us Twitter Stay up to date Newsletter News delivered to you Google+ Add us to your circle   The most recent headlines Daily Deals: 15% off iTunes gift cards, $107 UE BOOM 2 speaker, and more Is iPhone 7’s matte black finish susceptible to chips and peeling? How to enable and use two-step verification on WhatsApp iPhone 8 again rumored to sport iris scanning and wireless charging Following delay, Apple’s W1-equipped BeatsX are now available for purchase   The latest jailbreak news FingerTouch lets you assign gestures to the Touch ID sensor SmartVPN toggles your iPhone’s VPN automatically on a per-app basis CRSettings lets you apply an image background to the Reachability view Solution to 7-day signing for Yalu may be coming: avoid other methods! HapticKeyboard enables haptic feedback as you type on your iPhone iDownloadBlog           iDownloadblog.com About About Advertise Contact Keep in Touch Twitter Facebook RSS Feed Newsletter Push Notifications Podcasts Let's Talk iOS Let's Talk Jailbreak Site Stuff Disclosure Privacy Policy   Copyright iDownloadBlog 2017. This website is not affiliated with Apple.
Catalyst Multimedia Today's Paper Topics ePaper WealthCheck SEARCH Follow Home News BUDGET 2017 Markets Companies Money & Banking Economy Info-tech Opinion Specials Portfolio BLink Social Media Computers & Laptops Mobiles & Tablets Other Gadgets What’s sweet for Apple, is for all Amiti Sen comments   ·   print   ·   T+  ·   T- Tweet Apple Inc CEO Tim Cook during a visit to India in May 2016 The Hindu DIPP Secretary Ramesh Abhishek. File photo Any incentive given to firm will be for the whole sector: Official New Delhi, Feb 6:   A possible easing of Foreign Direct Investment (FDI) norms based on a submission made by iPhone-maker Apple could be extended to the entire electronics manufacturing sector and not just the American tech giant, a senior government official has said. “No Ministry has taken a final view on the submissions made by Apple. We are in touch with them (the Ministries). If the government decides to listen to particular demands, it would be for the good of the entire sector and the measures will be extended to all and not just the company (Apple),” Department of Industrial Policy & Promotion Secretary Ramesh Abhishek said at a news conference on Monday. Two weeks ago a team of senior Apple executives briefed a government team led by Abhishek on the company’s manufacturing plans in the country and the concessions they sought. The team asked for a number of incentives, including exemption from customs duty on imports of components and equipment, and relaxation of conditions like labelling requirements and mandatory domestic sourcing norm for one-third of inputs used, an official told BusinessLine. If the FDI rules are eased, other companies such as Samsung, Xiaomi and LeEco could also benefit from it. Apple’s application for exemption from compulsory 30 per cent domestic sourcing norms was rejected by the Finance Ministry last year. However, after the government tweaked FDI rules, the company has applied afresh seeking concessions. While earlier, companies that qualified as manufacturing products with “cutting-edge” technology qualified for a blanket exemption from the domestic sourcing rule, under the revised rules, the relaxation is available for three years. At present, electronic manufacturers get benefits under the Modified Special Incentive Package Scheme (MSIPS). The scheme provides capital subsidy and reimbursements for CVD/excise on capital equipment to boost manufacturing of electronics in the country. (This article was published on February 6, 2017) Post Comment Related NEWS New FDI rules give more time to Apple on local sourcing India to consider Apple’s proposal with an ‘open mind’: IT minister Apple holding talks with govt on opening stores TOPICS economy (general) | foreign direct investment | economy, business and finance | computing and information technology | politics | government | Get more of your favourite news delivered to your inbox SEND MY NEWS Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed. Tweet Please Wait while comments are loading... 1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team. 2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published. 3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,       or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.       (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and'). 4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments. 5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection. MOST POPULAR MOST COMMENTED Larsen & Toubro to invest ₹2,080 crore in Bengaluru Oracle to set up biggest development centre outside US in Bengaluru Ola appoints Badri Raghavan as Chief Data Scientist Infy’s former honchos want board to step down Cognizant Q4 profit down 2% at $416 million US firm Travelport ropes in TCS as technology partner Flipkart to consolidate logistics, supply chain IT companies should now strengthen domestic market: Ministry panel Govt issues notices to RJio, Paytm for using PM photo in ads C360 sets up rural data research hub for global clients LATEST NEWS Akhilesh, Rahul release 10-point common minimum programme for UP 8 min. ago Sasikala seeks appointment with Governor today 19 min. ago ITC plans to set up mutli-speciality hospitals 32 min. ago TN Education Minister Pandiarajan joins Panneerselvam camp 1 hr. 11 min. ago Electoral Bonds scheme after discussions with RBI: Jaitley 1 hr. 20 min. ago More » O P E N close Recent Article in Info-tech Infy’s former honchos want board to step down Believe corporate governance was compromised » Business Line: Home | News | BUDGET 2017 | Markets | Companies | Money & Banking | Economy | Info-tech | Opinion | Specials | Portfolio | BLink | This Site: About Us | Contacts | Privacy Policy | Archives | Subscription | RSS Feeds | Site Map | Brand Quest | ePaper | Social | BL Club | Mobile | Group Sites: The Hindu | தி இந்து | Business Line | BL on Campus | Sportstarlive | Frontline | The Hindu Centre | RoofandFloor | STEP | Publications | eBooks | Images | Comments to: web.businessline@thehindu.co.in. Copyright © 2017, The Hindu Business Line. NEVER miss any latest news! we will have it delivered hot to your inbox! SUBSCRIBE Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed.
  SOFTPEDIA® DESKTOP Windows Games Drivers Mac Linux MOBILE Android APK Phones Tablets WEB Webscripts Web Browsers NEWS Softpedia > News > Apple FLASH SALE: SpyShelter Firewall      30% OFF! Apple Wants to Sell Used iPhones in India Despite Building New Phones Locally GO Cupertino not giving up on refurbished iPhones plan Feb 6, 2017 13:03 GMT  ·  By Bogdan Popa  ·  Share:  Apple is very close to reaching a deal to start building iPhones in India, but a new report reveals that Cupertino still hasn’t abandoned its original plan to bring refurbished devices in the country. Bloomberg notes that Apple told a panel of government officials that it would have the necessary infrastructure to make sure that these used iPhones “are compliant with quality standards,” thus trying to address concerns that India would become a dumping ground for old devices. Apple is currently negotiating with the Indian government a series of concessions for local manufacturing of iPhones, and the company is also asking for a 15-year tax holiday, the same report reveals. At this point, it’s not known if Apple would be allowed to sell used iPhones in the country, but previous requests of the company to do this were highly criticized by officials and rivals alike. The country’s Make in India program encourages foreign companies to build products locally in exchange for incentives, but Apple previously tried to take advantage of the local mobile sales boom by simply bringing used phones in the country. The struggle for affordable iPhones Many believed that refurbished iPhones, which would be available at a low price, would sell very well among Indians, but warned that the environmental impact would be huge for the country, especially when batteries reach their end of life. Apple, however, guarantees that every refurbished iPhone would meet the imposed standards. Seeing Cupertino pushing so hard for used iPhones in India is not at all surprising. The company sold only 2.5 million phones in the country last year, which accounts for only 2 percent of the market, and all sales were made through third-party retailers. With more than 70 percent of the phones in India sold for $200 or less, it’s hard to believe that new iPhones can help Apple achieve the high sales that it’s aiming for, and this is one of the reasons the company is struggling so hard to bring refurbished units in the country. The government is yet to give a response, but if the go-ahead is given, Apple becomes the first foreign company to be allowed to sell refurbished devices in India. #Apple#iPhone#India#refurbished iPhone subscribe feedly old reader newsblur digg reader rss feed reddit it! flip it share it tweet it Related  ·  Hot right now  ·  Latest news Apple to Start Manufacturing iPhones in India by April Class-Action Lawsuit Claims Apple Intentionally Forced Users to Upgrade to iOS 7 Apple Readies Laser Polishing System for Ceramic iPhone Google Adds QR Code Scanner to Chrome App for iPhones Apple iPhone 8 Will Reportedly Feature An Iris Scanner Let’s Chat: Windows vs. Linux Windows Close to Defeating Linux: Munich Could Give Up on LiMux Samsung Galaxy S8’s Bixby To Be Based on S Voice, Not Viv Labs’ AI Tech Microsoft Brings Windows 10 Mobile’s File Explorer on Xbox One Microsoft Teases New Windows 10 Security Announcements Apple iPhone 8 Will Reportedly Feature An Iris Scanner Let’s Chat: Windows vs. Linux    Apple still trying to bring refurbished iPhones in India new ios apps NeuroNation: Train your brain to improve your memory and focus with NeuroNation Flipagram: Create cool videos by mixing up your photos with music Timer+: Set up dozens of timers and control them all with ease Nutshell Camera: Create some pretty cool videos with Nutshell Camera IKEA Catalogue: Check out the IKEA Catalogue for more than just furniture Complete: Complete puts a social twist to your regular to-do list/ task manager WebMD Baby: WebMD Baby offers help in how to best tend to your baby Reader comments Apple Releases macOS 10.12.4 Beta 2 to Developers, iOS 10.3 Public Beta 2 more on: macOS 10.12.4 Beta 2 i softpedia®     Like 202K    +1 56K     Follow 13K © 2001-2017 Softpedia. All rights reserved. Softpedia® and the Softpedia® logo are registered trademarks of SoftNews NET SRL. Privacy Policy news tip feedback      
Home Industry Apple, Samsung getting pushed around in China by local phone brands Oppo and Huawei Apple, Samsung getting pushed around in China by local phone brands Oppo and Huawei Chinese smartphone brands Oppo and Huawei are tightening their grip on the world’s largest market, grabbing local share and squeezing out Apple Inc. and Samsung Electronics Co. By: Bloomberg | Published: February 6, 2017 6:42 PM Apple and Samsung have steadily ceded ground in China to aggressive local manufacturers since Xiaomi Corp. came on the scene around 2011. (Reuters) Chinese smartphone brands Oppo and Huawei are tightening their grip on the world’s largest market, grabbing local share and squeezing out Apple Inc. and Samsung Electronics Co. After including Vivo, Chinese vendors held the top three slots and accounted for 48 percent of shipments in the country during 2016, research firm IDC said. With a line-up of flexible- and curved-screen devices, they look set to dominate the market in 2017. A decline in Apple shipments in the fourth quarter highlighted how the iPhone 7 failed to make as big a splash in the face of escalating competition. Apple and Samsung have steadily ceded ground in China to aggressive local manufacturers since Xiaomi Corp. came on the scene around 2011. Xiaomi itself was ranked fifth in 2016, as Oppo, Huawei Technologies Co. and Vivo phones were the top three sellers, accounting for 48 percent of shipments last year and relegating the U.S. company to fourth spot, IDC said in a report released Monday. “Even though the new black colored iPhones caught the attention of consumers, overall, the new launches did not create as much of a frenzy compared to the past,” IDC said in its report, a regular and closely watched release. Chinese vendors are marketing higher-end gadgetry that appeals to consumers seeking Apple-like quality and innovation. IPhone shipments plummeted 23.2 percent in 2016, shrinking Apple’s market share to just 9.6 percent — the lowest in about two years. Samsung didn’t even figure in the top five. China had for years driven Apple’s spectacular growth even as smartphone demand elsewhere faltered. But the country’s slowdown, regulatory tangles and — critically — the ascendancy of cheaper but just-as-good local alternatives took its toll. The country remains pivotal to the company’s business, especially with developed markets saturated and Apple still exploring promising countries such as India, where price is king and the U.S. company barely registers in market rankings. You May Also Want To Watch: Apple may regain ground with the next iPhone later this year, the 10th anniversary of the device that ushered in the modern smartphone industry. Apple is expected to showcase the best features it can bring to bear in an increasingly commoditized market. “Apple’s 10-year anniversary iPhone will also likely attract some of the high-end Android users in China to convert to an iPhone,” IDC said. In the meantime, local brands hold sway. Oppo, Huawei and Vivo took advantage of vast store networks as online handset sales plateaued. Along with improved customer service and a push to open their own retail stores, especially in smaller cities, Chinese smartphone makers have moved away from budget devices. Frontrunner Oppo saw shipments grow from a little more than 35 million units in 2015 to 78.4 million last year, IDC estimates. Vivo also nearly doubled its annual shipments. Overall, 467.3 million units smartphones were moved in China last year, up 8.7 percent from 2015. Now local vendors are setting their sights overseas. Huawei, which sells about half its smartphones abroad, is targeting $33 billion in 2017 revenue for its consumer electronics division, which sells smartphones, wearable devices and tablets. Chinese brands, led by Vivo, have already muscled out local rivals in India and are increasingly challenging Samsung, the leader there. “We expect these vendors to increase their shipments in the international market, with India as a key target for these top Chinese vendors,” IDC said its report. Q4 Shipments (mln) Q4 Market Share (%) Shipment growth (%, yoy) Oppo 24.5 18.1 109.2 Huawei 22.9 16.9 27.7 Vivo 21.7 16.0 96.4 Apple 14.9 11.0 -12.8 Xiaomi 10.1 7.4 -40.5 Others 41.6 30.7 5 Total 135.7 100 18.7 2016 Shipments (mln) 2016 Market Share (%) Shipment growth (%, yoy) Oppo 78.4 16.8 122.2 Huawei 76.6 16.4 21.8 Vivo 69.2 14.8 96.9 Apple 44.9 9.6 -23.2 Xiaomi 41.5 8.9 -36 Others 156.7 33.5 -9.6 Total 467.3 100 8.7 Please Wait while comments are loading... Budget 2017 Union Budget 2017 provides leeway to increase power demand, wanting in tackling stressed assets: Experts Union Budget 2017 - income tax rates: Here's what the new 10% surcharge will cost the super-rich Rs 2,349.79 crore deficit budget presented in Assam Assembly Union Budget 2017-18 focuses on wider tax compliance, says ClearTax Here's how you can save more income tax after the announcement made by FM in the current Budget Trending Now UP Election: BJP MP Sanjeev Balyan casts vote in Muzaffarnagar Puduchery government seeks Central relief of Rs 100 crores for drought relief West Bengal BJP gets hands on training in Uttar Pradesh election Donald Trump says he might give travel ban a tweak or a makeover UP Election 2017: Congress common minimum programme focuses on employment, Dalits Pakistan Senate committee dissatisfied over government’s attitude on CPEC Shah Rukh, Aamir click first picture together in 25 years Chinese soldier returns home from India after five decades 30 per cent votes polled till noon in Uttar Pradesh SP-Cong alliance has shaken PM Narendra Modi’s confidence: Akhilesh Yadav UP Elections 2017: BJP leader Sangeet Som's brother held for carrying gun inside polling booth  EDITOR’S PICKS Sterling heads for strongest month in 8 years, hits nine-week high Demonetisation: Delhiites throng to petrol pumps, cooperative stores to use old notes Militants attack police station in Kupwara district Mumbai among world's top trending tourist spots for 2017 Spot pothole on Maharashtra highways and get Rs 1,000: PWD Minister Chandrakant Patil Hurricane Otto hits Nicaragua coast as quake shakes region Videos Netflix launches new horror series in LA Free wifi: a wolf in sheeps clothing? Delhi woman, teenager blame each other of rape in a hotel room 2016 Range Rover Discovery Sport Startech Exterior Interior Walk around 2016 Geneva Motor Show Budget 2017 News जयति घोष का आकलन: नरेंद्र मोदी सरकार ने अपने ही फैसलों से इस बजट को बना ल‍िया है सबसे मुश्‍क‍िल आर्थिक समीक्षा में भूमि, रीयल एस्टेट को जीएसटी के दायरे में लाने पर जोर बजट 2017: जानिए क्या होता है आर्थिक सर्वेक्षण और क्यों इसे पेश करना है जरूरी... बजट 2017: इन बातों का ध्‍यान रख कम टैक्‍स से पब्लिक को खुश कर अरुण जेटली जुटा सकते हैं पैसा Assembly Elections 2017 News UP चुनाव ग्राउंड रिपोर्ट: नई विधानसभा बनने से क्षेत्र में पहुंची है विकास की साइकिल लेकिन दलितों-किसानों की स्थिति में बदलाव नहीं UP चुनाव ग्राउंड रिपोर्ट: मुस्लिम इलाकों में पहुंची है विकास की साइकिल लेकिन दलितों तक नहीं UP चुनाव ग्राउंड रिपोर्ट: अखिलेश यादव और राहुल गांधी दिखा रहे हैं 'दोस्ताना' लेकिन इस सीट पर सपा और कांग्रेस हैं आमने-सामने Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved. SECTIONS Home Union Budget 2017 Markets Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Enterprise IoT more Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Enterprise IoT Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Apple argues Australian bank bargaining cartel is centred on fee avoidance Apple has argued that the banking consortium requesting access to iPhone NFC technology is fundamentally about avoiding the fees charged by the iPhone maker, not about healthy competition. By Asha McLean | February 6, 2017 -- 01:53 GMT (17:53 PST) | Topic: Banking Apple has argued in its latest submission to the Australian Competition and Consumer Commission (ACCC) that the collective negotiating between four of Australia's largest banks is not about access to the iPhone's near-field communication (NFC) technology to stir healthy competition, rather it is an attempt to avoid paying the fees associated with using Apple Pay. Latest Australian news MyRepublic calls NBN 1Gbps claim ludicrous, launching gigatown to prove it Australian startups urged to look to Asia in wake of Trump Optus profit and revenue down amid 'heightened competition' NBN reports AU$1.8b net loss for first half of FY16 Public sector union to use Centrelink Senate inquiry to highlight departmental 'dysfunction' The Commonwealth Bank of Australia (CBA), Westpac Banking Corporation, the National Australia Bank (NAB), and Bendigo and Adelaide Bank have been seeking regulatory approval to collectively negotiate with third-party mobile providers such as Apple on conditions relating to competition, best practice standards, and efficiency. The banks have claimed they want access to the NFC controller in iPhones, as Apple currently does not allow any other entity direct access. The group has been arguing that access would enable the banks to offer their own integrated digital wallets to iPhone customers in competition with Apple's digital wallet without using Apple Pay -- which is what Apple wants to avoid. Additionally, the banks want the removal of the restrictions Apple imposes on banks that prevent them from passing on fees that Apple charges the banks for use of its digital wallet. In its latest submission, Apple said that it "will not, and cannot, agree to the terms sought by the banks". Core to the banks' argument is that the public will benefit if Apple is forced to hand over its NFC hardware, highlighting it would increase competition and consumer choice in digital wallets in Australia, increase innovation and investment in digital wallets and other mobile applications using NFC technology, provide greater consumer confidence leading to increased adoption of mobile payment technology in Australia, and provide cost-based benefits for consumers. "There are no public benefits to providing the applicant banks embedded NFC radio access," Apple said in its latest submission. "The only benefit that would accrue to the banks in that case is a purely private benefit where they would be allowed to continue to free-ride on the significant investments made by Apple in its devices, iOS platform, and Apple Store infrastructure, and specifically in this case on the underlying technology installed on Apple devices to facilitate NFC payments without paying any fees for transactions processed via Apple Pay." The latest submission from Apple comes in response to a draft determination handed down by the ACCC in November that moved to deny the banks collective bargaining rights against the iPhone maker. "This is currently a finely balanced decision. The ACCC is not currently satisfied that the likely benefits from the proposed conduct outweigh the likely detriments," ACCC chairman Rod Sims said at the time. "While the ACCC accepts that the opportunity for the banks to collectively negotiate and boycott would place them in a better bargaining position with Apple, the benefits are currently uncertain and may be limited." Concerning the fee structure it imposes on the banks, Apple said that the banks should not be entitled to pass on those costs to consumers in the form of additional per transaction fees or otherwise, given the bank has no fees to recoup in regards to making the technology. Another argument put forward by Apple is that the banks have previously claimed that embedded NFC radio access on iPhones will accelerate innovation in mobile payment services in Australia; however, the banks currently have embedded NFC radio access on Android devices that Apple said they have not utilised, calling out CBA and NAB in particular. "Embedded NFC radio access would not lead to an overall improved user experience," the tech giant said. "As such, the proposed collective bargaining conduct will not achieve any of the public benefits claimed by the applicant banks." Apple said it is concerned that the banks are using the long drawn out authorisation process as a device to delay the further expansion of Apple Pay in Australia, a practice the Californian giant believes is not only directly impacting the 70 percent of cardholders in Australia that are controlled by the banks but also the smaller card issuers who already, or could in the future, rely upon Apple Pay as a means of securing a digital presence in competition with the big banks. "The applicants' refusal to engage with Apple during the authorisation process provides evidence of the chilling effect of the proposed collective conduct on the benefits of competition through innovation in digital payments offered by over 3,500 banks," the submission said. The four banks initially requested interim authorisation within 28 days of their initial request on July 27 for the ACCC to allow them to commence collective negotiations while the regulator considered the application for final authorisation. The ACCC refused to grant the banks interim authorisation to collectively negotiate on the basis it needed more time to come to a decision. In its first submission, Apple accused the banks of wanting to control the market, saying collective negotiation with the banks "would harm consumers, lead to less competition and less innovation, and create a troubling precedent". "The present application is only the latest tactic employed by these competing banks to blunt Apple's entry into the Australian market," it said. Apple also accused the banks of having a "limited understanding" of Apple Pay, a theme continued in its latest submission. In August, Apple claimed that collectively negotiating with Australian banks would "undermine the availability, security, and privacy" its customers expect when using Apple devices to make payments. "Apple Pay fosters competition between payment card issuers ... this is not possible within the banks' own proprietary issuer digital wallets, which limit the choice for the customers to only payment cards issued by the bank," Apple added in its latest submission. "Any rational economic player would be expected to take advantage of [the Apple Pay] opportunity." The banks have argued in its joint submission to the ACCC that Apple's arguments against collective negotiation are "unconvincing" and "superficial". "Apple has been puzzled by the applicant banks' logically inconsistent argument that they wish to have the ability to charge consumers per transaction fees for using Apple Pay, but are unlikely to be able to do so owing to competition from other issuers like ANZ who do not," Apple said. "Perhaps the explanation might be that this is perceived by the applicant banks as a way of introducing and then proliferating a new revenue stream in the digital payments age." Apple also argued that given it allows competing digital wallets on its App Store, that there is no evidence to suggest that reasonable access to the Apple App Store would be denied to the banks. In highlighting its argument that the banks want open slather to charge whatever they want to customers, Apple said the banks prefer consumers to use credit cards for transactions as the banks earn higher interchange fees. "Apple can perceive no benefit to the public of enabling the applicant banks to charge consumers for using Apple Pay where the myriad other fees and transaction costs incurred by the banks are not made transparent or passed through to consumers," Apple said. "The only benefit is the private benefit to the applicant banks to enable them to impose such fees as a means of discouraging use." Apple suggested that the banks' submissions have shifted materially over the course of the past six months under the guise of "refinements" to their application. "The potential damage resulting from any collusion between the applicant banks, tacit or otherwise, is great when a group of competitors in a concentrated market meet to discuss commercial terms such that the potential public detriments resulting from such joint conduct should not be dismissed lightly," Apple added. "Apple welcomes the conclusion reached in the ACCC's draft determination but submits, based on previous submissions and the further information provided in this submission, that the consequences of the conduct are far from finely balanced and the commission should conclude that the detriments already being observed over the course of the authorisation significantly and unambiguously outweigh any claimed benefits, such that authorisation must not be denied." Apple Pay was launched in Australia in November 2015, with American Express the only financial institution partner joining the iPhone maker's wallet at the time. Australia and New Zealand Banking Group (ANZ) was then the first bank in Australia to launch Apple Pay, and is currently the only bank in New Zealand to offer the service. Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories CXO Cultural focus helped shape Westpac NZ's digital transformation CXO ​Commonwealth Bank leveraging data to better its customer experience Enterprise Software PayPal launches first bot through Slack app Banking My first (belated) payment with Apple Pay: Wow, this really does change everything × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
IOT Consumer Wearables M2M Smart Cities Cognitive Computing Cloud Public Private Hybrid AAS Cyber Security Breaches Protection Solutions Business Mobility Devices Smartphones Apps Networks Laptops Data Centre IT Power Cooling Modular Big Data Analytics Enterprise IT Storage Software Server Services Applications Virtualisation Digital Transformation Markets Consumer eBanking eHealth eBusiness eTransport Smart Cities The Boardroom SMB Public Sector eCommerce eTail eMoney Fintech White Papers What Is About Us Editorial Team Advertise With Us Contact Us Help Privacy Policy RSS Feeds Site Map White Papers US tech giants rise up against Trump’s immigration ban 0Shares 0 0 0 0 Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus IOT Consumer Wearables M2M Smart Cities Cognitive Computing Driverless car insurance plans unveiled by UK government AT&T, IBM, Nokia, Symantec launch IoT Cybersecurity Alliance BT sides with Google in EU Android antitrust case AT&T, IBM, Nokia, Symantec launch IoT Cybersecurity Alliance Fitbit faces criminal investigation into alleged Jawbone trade secrets theft Facebook loses $500m Oculus virtual reality lawsuit 3D Printing Explained Industrial IoT Explained AT&T, IBM, Nokia, Symantec launch IoT Cybersecurity Alliance Driverless car insurance plans unveiled by UK government AT&T, IBM, Nokia, Symantec launch IoT Cybersecurity Alliance Will biometric scanning soon revolutionise Britain’s railways? DeepMind games test AI aggression and cooperation behaviours Intel open sources deep learning with BigDL for Apache Spark AT&T, IBM, Nokia, Symantec launch IoT Cybersecurity Alliance Cloud Public Private Hybrid AAS SAP puts a fresh face on S/4 HANA Cloud with analytics & AI Rackspace announces US layoffs just three months after $4.3bn buyout Cisco connects with Microsoft Azure to offer hybrid cloud SAP puts a fresh face on S/4 HANA Cloud with analytics & AI Cisco connects with Microsoft Azure to offer hybrid cloud AWS is bigger than Microsoft, Google & IBM combined SAP puts a fresh face on S/4 HANA Cloud with analytics & AI Cisco connects with Microsoft Azure to offer hybrid cloud AWS is bigger than Microsoft, Google & IBM combined UK cloud provider Timico raises £50m Cisco connects with Microsoft Azure to offer hybrid cloud Microsoft adds patent protection for Azure cloud customers Cyber Security Breaches Protection Solutions Business WordPress security weak spot lets hackers infiltrate and vandalise Verizon Data Breach Digest: How to protect your business from Fraud, Doxxing & Insider Threats Ransomware: #1 business cyber security threat or media hype? Verizon Data Breach Digest: How to protect your business from Fraud, Doxxing & Insider Threats Ransomware: #1 business cyber security threat or media hype? Why the NHS must act now against cyber criminals WordPress security weak spot lets hackers infiltrate and vandalise Verizon Data Breach Digest: How to protect your business from Fraud, Doxxing & Insider Threats Ransomware: #1 business cyber security threat or media hype? Verizon Data Breach Digest: How to protect your business from Fraud, Doxxing & Insider Threats Ransomware: #1 business cyber security threat or media hype? AT&T, IBM, Nokia, Symantec launch IoT Cybersecurity Alliance Mobility Devices Smartphones Apps Networks Laptops Industrial IoT Explained Cisco: By 2021 more people will have smartphones than running water Intel drones duet with Lady Gaga at Super Bowl 2017 Cisco: By 2021 more people will have smartphones than running water South Korea bolsters battery safety standards following Samsung Galaxy Note fires Virgin Money readies for London Marathon with Worldpay payment platform People are your greatest social media assets – but human error is unpredictable Uber patents feature for mining riders’ social media data Snap Inc finally files for IPO and pledges $2 billion to Google Cloud Nokia to buy Comptel for €347m to create standalone software company Industrial IoT Explained BlackBerry enters cloud comms market with ‘most-secure’ BBM enterpise messaging service CES 2017: Intel debuts 7th-gen Kaby Lake chips for desktop How to follow CES 2017: From Twitter to Live Streams – don’t miss any CES news Japanese tech giants hit with €166m laptop and phone battery cartel fine Data Centre IT Power Cooling Modular Container secrets secured in Docker DataCentre update UK’s biggest data centre raises £33m in funding When two become one: Dell EMC sets its spirit free because it’s the only way to be Stockholm city to offer sustainable data centre services with new hub 15 of the worst companies for renewable energy – Greenpeace report Greenpeace calls out AWS on renewable energy targets Stockholm city to offer sustainable data centre services with new hub Google opens €600 green data centre in the Netherlands IBM joins zero outage association to help end IT downtime for good Juniper looks to unite cloud for the data centre When two become one: Dell EMC sets its spirit free because it’s the only way to be HPE, Schneider Electric partner on micro data centres Big Data Analytics SAP puts a fresh face on S/4 HANA Cloud with analytics & AI How technology is disrupting the Super Bowl, RBS 6 Nations rugby & the Premier League Making Your Data Add Up in 2017 Enterprise IT Storage Software Server Services Applications Virtualisation UK government’s digital transformation strategy puts vendors on alert Major GitLab backup failure wipes 300GB of data HPE finally stops selling to buy SimpliVity – but what does the hyperconverged acquisition mean? Nokia to buy Comptel for €347m to create standalone software company SAP puts a fresh face on S/4 HANA Cloud with analytics & AI Salesforce adopts ‘Eat, Sleep, STEM, Repeat’ mantra as girls shy away from ‘male’ tech careers UK government’s digital transformation strategy puts vendors on alert Major GitLab backup failure wipes 300GB of data Cloud and cognitive computing fails to save IBM from 19th quarter of declining revenue Container secrets secured in Docker DataCentre update Nvidia to power industry supercomputers with new Quadro products Anonymous-linked hacker takes down 20% of Dark Web Container secrets secured in Docker DataCentre update UK government’s digital transformation strategy puts vendors on alert Will biometric scanning soon revolutionise Britain’s railways? IBM boosts cyber security with startup buyout Inside Silicon Valley Startup Bromium: Using Virtual Machines to Escape Endpoint Prohibition DevOps Decoded – Gaining a competitive edge with speed, productivity and security Digital Transformation Markets Consumer eBanking eHealth eBusiness eTransport Smart Cities The Boardroom SMB Public Sector eCommerce eTail eMoney Fintech White Papers What Is About Us Editorial Team Advertise With Us Contact Us Help Privacy Policy RSS Feeds Site Map White Papers Cybersecurity firms pilloried by GCHQ technical director over “witchcraft” Automation, robots could replace 250,000 public sector workers in the next 15 years All VerticalsCIO Agenda Back to Home US tech giants rise up against Trump’s immigration ban Increase / Decrease text size James Nunns 6th February 2017 0 0Shares 0 0 0 0 Add to favorites Apple, Google and Microsoft among list of tech giants opposing immigration ban. A group that includes some of the largest tech companies in the world have stepped up their opposition to President Trump’s immigration ban. The group, which includes the likes of Apple, Google, and Microsoft, said that the temporary immigration ban “inflicts significant harm on American business.” Along with the three tech giants, the amicus brief, which is a legal document filed by non-litigants with strong interest in the subject, included signatories such as Uber, Twitter, Airbnb, Box, Dropbox, eBay, GoPro, Lyft and Spotify, in total almost 100 tech and non-tech firms signed the brief. The temporary immigration ban has been one of the most hotly debated actions of Trump’s presidency, sparking mass protests in numerous countries around the world and a raft of condemnation from leading political figures. Tech companies initially responded to the ban by criticising the action and posting advice to staff on blogs. Airbnb opened up an offer to provide free housing to refugees hit by the ban, while Travis Kalanick, the CEO of Uber, opted to step down from Trump’s economic advisory council. Travis Kalanick, CEO, Uber. The filing from the tech companies said that the Order inflicts significant harm on American business, “innovation, and growth as a result.” Read more here: Cyber security: What to expect from President Trump “The Order represents a significant departure from the principles of fairness and predictability that have governed the immigration system of the United States for more than fifty years,” the brief said. Social media had been quick to point out the important role that immigrants have played in American history, and some of the CEO’s of the leading tech companies in the US are children of immigrants and in some cases refugees that fled to the States. The brief said: “Immigrants or their children founded more than 200 of the companies on the Fortune 500 list.” Currently the Trump immigration ban is suspended, following the temporary restraining order issued by a federal judge that blocked the implementation of key parts of the travel ban. Tags Apple Donald Trump Google Homepage News List Microsoft Twitter Previous ArticleCybersecurity firms pilloried by GCHQ technical director over “witchcraft” Next ArticleAutomation, robots could replace 250,000 public sector workers in the next 15 years Most read UK cloud wars intensify as Microsoft lowers prices & releases Azure data centre services Hannah Williams 7th February 2017 Driverless cars: A new way of life and a new cybersecurity challenge Ellie Burns 2nd February 2017 Liverpool launches digital currency based on Blockchain technology Tom Ball 2nd February 2017 Can machine learning help secure smart homes? Joe Clark 1st February 2017 Nearly 30,000 MongoDB servers held captive in ransomware attacks – and ElasticSearch is just as bad Ellie Burns 31st January 2017 Cisco, BNY Mellon and other Fortune 500 firms team up with startups on IoT blockchain Consortium Byomakesh Biswal 30th January 2017 Smart cars and penguins: more alike than you’d think Joe Clark 30th January 2017 Latest White Papers How Intel IT’s Integrated Analytics Platform Helps Sales and Marketing By Intel HPE Security Research – Cyber Risk Report 2016 By HPE Le stockage de demain By Kaminario Editor’s Pick The CIO’s Dilemma Ellie Burns 8th February 2017 IBM wins cloud price race to zero James Nunns 8th February 2017 Why context is crucial in cybersecurity investigations James Nunns 7th February 2017 Cisco: By 2021 more people will have smartphones than running water Joe Clark 7th February 2017 Blockchain to hit mainstream banking by 2020 Tom Ball 7th February 2017 Related News SAP puts a fresh face on S/4 HANA Cloud with analytics & AI James Nunns 10th February 2017 UK government’s digital transformation strategy puts vendors on alert James Nunns 9th February 2017 People are your greatest social media assets – but human error is unpredictable James Nunns 8th February 2017 Latest in 4th Revolution 4th Revolution Digital Catapult launches programme for virtual, mixed and augmented reality startups Ellie Burns 9th February 2017 4th Revolution Transforming your business with deep learning Ellie Burns 6th February 2017 4th Revolution Driverless cars: A new way of life and a new cybersecurity challenge Ellie Burns 2nd February 2017 Latest in Analysis Markets The CIO’s Dilemma Ellie Burns 8th February 2017 Cloud growth clears away the January gloom for tech giants reveling in revenue growth James Nunns 27th January 2017 Smart City: the next step or privacy threat? Joe Clark 25th January 2017 What Is About Us Editorial Team Advertise With Us Contact Us Help Privacy Policy RSS Feeds Site Map White Papers © 2016 COMPUTER BUSINESS REVIEW. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Favourites Favorite list is empty.Clear favorites Your favorite posts saved to your browsers cookies. If you clear cookies also favorite posts will be deleted. Latest News on CBR WordPress security weak spot lets hackers infiltrate and vandalise 16 hours ago DeepMind games test AI aggression and cooperation behaviours 17 hours ago UK cloud provider Timico raises £50m 17 hours ago Driverless car insurance plans unveiled by UK government 17 hours ago Container secrets secured in Docker DataCentre update 18 hours ago 3D Printing Explained 18 hours ago Verizon Data Breach Digest: How to protect your business from Fraud, Doxxing & Insider Threats 19 hours ago Women in tech role models hit Park Lane for 2017 FDM everywoman in Technology Awards 20 hours ago Ransomware: #1 business cyber security threat or media hype? 21 hours ago Nokia to buy Comptel for €347m to create standalone software company 22 hours ago SAP puts a fresh face on S/4 HANA Cloud with analytics & AI 23 hours ago “We’re a big believer in the UK” – Tim Cook gives Brexit vote of confidence 1 day ago Rackspace announces US layoffs just three months after $4.3bn buyout 2 days ago Accenture tackles key blockchain security risks with hardware 2 days ago Salesforce adopts ‘Eat, Sleep, STEM, Repeat’ mantra as girls shy away from ‘male’ tech careers 2 days ago UK’s biggest data centre raises £33m in funding 2 days ago
Premium News Sport Business Money Opinion Obituaries Travel Tech & Science Culture Film TV Lifestyle Fashion Luxury Cars Video Free Mobile App Jobs Financial Services Rewards Events Dating Offers Shop Garden Shop Bookshop Box Office Puzzles Fantasy Football Wine Shop Work at The Telegraph Log out My Account Subscribe Rewards Video Login Register Subscribe Rewards Video Log out Rewards My Account Video Home News Sport Business ALL SECTIONS Lifestyle Fashion News People and profiles Style solutions Shopping edit Beauty More Telegraph Lifestyle Fashion Style Apple Tree Yard: the story behind Yvonne Carmichael's polished working woman wardrobe Emily Watson as Yvonne Carmichael in Apple Tree Yard Credit: BBC Bethan Holt, Digital fashion editor 6 February 2017 • 6:56pm The fundamental premise of Apple Tree Yard, the BBC drama which reaches its climax tonight, is that Dr Yvonne Carmichael was just your standard high-flying, middle-class woman until something extraordinary happened to her.  All the pointers are there in the wine nights with her closest girlfriends, her elegant but not overly pristine home and her wardrobe of trench coats, professional tailoring and statement scarves. While Yvonne's look may not have the determinedly sharp and sleek hallmarks of, say, The Fall's Stella Gibson or House of Cards' Claire Underwood, it is a fascinating exercise in creating what costume designer Ray Holman calls "a normal, middle-aged woman" albeit one for whom her clothes are evidently important, if not an obsession.  "We wanted to create the idea of a woman with a full wardrobe - one which consists of old things and new things from professional pieces which are tailored and things for around the house," Holman explains of the strategy he cooked up with actress Emily Watson, who plays Carmichael. "It’s a collection of clothes she would have built up over ten years." A scarf and smart coat is a key Yvonne look Credit: BBC As you would expect, Holman scoured all the shops one might imagine Yvonne popping into on her way back from a meeting or whose websites she might browse as a break from writing her latest paper on DNA.  "I went to House of Fraser, Hobbs, L.K Bennett, Phase Eight, Next and even good old Marks and Spencer," Holman remembers. "But I also wanted some special pieces in there too like the Max Mara coat. I even dug into my own storage and got out some older things like pashminas and old knitted cardigans. Then I had some skirts made which suited Emily’s figure specifically." The story of Holman's first stroke of inspiration is aptly reminiscent of how a cultured woman like Carmichael would shop. "The first time I contacted Emily was actually a phone call while I was in New York. It happened that on the same day, I went to the Metropolitan Museum of Art," says Holman. "I went to the museum shop and in there I found the scarf which Emily finally wore in the Apple Tree Yard scenes. I took a picture and sent it to Emily and said ‘I think this could define Yvonne’."  Elegant accessories gave Yvonne's character a polished, considered look. Credit: BBC Indeed in the earlier episodes, scarves are very important. Yvonne wears prettily patterned ones to work as carefully thought-out finishing touches to her professional look. As well as the Met Museum one, Holman says Ted Baker was another favourite destination for picking these up. But she also snuggles into scarves when she's at home, typing her secret diary on her computer or hanging out with her kids. Those ones had a more sentimental, cosy feel with Holman bringing in pashminas from his travels to India to give the sense of something collected over the years.  Yvonne's illicit affair also dictated plenty of the wardrobe decisions. "The use of cardigans was very important, so they could be undone during the passionate scenes," says Holman. "We wanted to reveal a tiny bit of flesh but not do nudity, so cardigans were a way to  do it very carefully."  Yvonne's trench coat is by Hobbs Credit: BBC While Yvonne is not seen strutting around in her bra and knickers, underwear was still crucial. "It’s part and parcel of the woman isn’t it? So we started from scratch with that," Holman explains. During a couple of long costume fittings, Holman and Watson went through bras and knickers to make sure "the details were right." "We asked ourselves, is she wearing tights or stockings here? Is this a knickers moment or a Spanx moment?" he says.  The L.K Bennett black and red sheath dress which Yvonne wore on the night which began with the Apple Tree Yard sex scene and culminates in George Selway raping her was crucial. "That’s her Going Out dress and showed an optimistic start to the night," Holman says.  "It’s a combination of the colour and the cut which made it special; in her normal work day she wears skirts which are a-line so they move and bounce. But I think this is the only time she wears a fitted skirt, to make herself feel good." The sleek dress Yvonne wears on the one of the story's crucial nights Credit: BBC Another pivotal scene is the dinner party which Yvonne and husband Gary attend in the weeks following her attack. For this, it was all about "making a big effort". Despite the trauma she is still suffering, Yvonne is putting on a brave face to hide her anguish from the world, and her clothes - a floral printed knit and a smattering of jewellery - are a vehicle for showing that. "The reason we chose that printed jumper was because it was half way between being miserable and being dressed up," says Holman. "In our heads, Emily and I thought it had taken a lot to get to that point but we knew she had to present herself well." Yvonne's wardrobe becomes more plain when she appears in court Credit: BBC In last night's and tonight's scenes, Yvonne is in court and of course her look has altered to reflect the crisis-mode she finds herself in. "She’s being very respectful in court," Holman reflects. "She wears her softly tailored jackets which are smart and professional but not too dressed up. I used to be the costume designer on Silk so I know how lawyers advise their clients to dress in a sombre manner." He says it is Yvonne's feet that we should look to for the surest sign of how her life has changed in tonight's nail-biting finale. "In the first episode, she is wearing her glamorous Russell and Bromley high heels to work," he says of her 'Woman who has it all' look. " But in court, it's mid-heeled, sensible shoes from Marks and Spencer." The final episode of Apple Tree Yard in on BBC One at 9pm tonight High Street Hits! The Telegraph fashion teams pick of the best affordable items   Follow Telegraph Fashion READ MORE ABOUT: Emily Watson Apple Tree Yard Marks & Spencer Show more Don't Miss 11 Feb 2017, 6:00am Why I let my husband choose my clothes 11 Feb 2017, 6:00am Why it's time to dust off anything pink because that most divisive colour is back in style  Premium 10 Feb 2017, 6:00pm Comment: The 10 cult items fashion editors are buying right now Lisa Armstrong Premium 10 Feb 2017, 5:55pm Gwyneth Paltrow and Sarah Jessica Parker support Raf Simons as he presents his first Calvin Klein show - an homage to America 10 Feb 2017, 5:07pm New York Fashion Week has started - so what will be the highlights Gallery 10 Feb 2017, 4:03pm Gallery: Want to avoid underwear? Here's your alternative Valentine's Day gift guide  Gallery 10 Feb 2017, 4:00pm Gallery: Millie Bobby Brown and Gwyneth Paltrow join the front row at New York Fashion Week 10 Feb 2017, 3:41pm Dakota Johnson’s stylist Kate Young talks us through her Fifty Shades Darker tour wardrobe  You might also like 11 Feb 2017, 6:00am Why I let my husband choose my clothes 11 Feb 2017, 6:00am Why it's time to dust off anything pink because that most divisive colour is back in style  Premium 10 Feb 2017, 6:00pm Comment: The 10 cult items fashion editors are buying right now Lisa Armstrong Premium 10 Feb 2017, 5:55pm Gwyneth Paltrow and Sarah Jessica Parker support Raf Simons as he presents his first Calvin Klein show - an homage to America 10 Feb 2017, 5:07pm New York Fashion Week has started - so what will be the highlights Gallery 10 Feb 2017, 4:03pm Gallery: Want to avoid underwear? Here's your alternative Valentine's Day gift guide  If you would like to add a comment, please register or log in Register Log in Contact us Rewards Archive Reader Prints Advertising Syndication Guidelines Privacy Terms and Conditions Leave your feedback © Telegraph Media Group Limited 2017 Your support makes a big difference In order to bring you award-winning content and investigative journalism from your favourite writers, we rely on revenue generated by advertising. Please consider supporting us by turning off your ad blocker. Just a couple of clicks will make a big difference. Thank you. Need help? Click here for instructions Close
Pocket-lint News Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR All News Reviews Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR All Reviews Features YouTube Instagram Facebook Twitter Google+ search Phones Best Phone Cameras Fitness trackers Parent hub Smart home MWC 2017 search Audi MMI explored: A deep dive into Audi's in-car infotainment systems Chris Hall6 February 2017Cars Pocket-lint Facebook Twitter Pintrest LinkedIn Google+ Mail Comment Of all the car brands out there, Audi is known for offering one of the most expansive and integrated information and entertainment systems you'll find in a car. There's whole range of options available, from Wi-Fi hotspots, to live traffic, there's Virtual Cockpit, Audi Smartphone Connection, Phone Box and more. So strap in, hold tight, as we dive deep into Audi's in-car tech. Audi MMI Audi MMI - multimedia interface - is a general term that's used around a range of Audi technologies related to the in-car information and entertainment system. At its core, MMI is the user interface and the controller that works with it. Where this was once a dial and a display, there are also touchpads, touch-enabled dials, buttons, voice and steering wheel controls, all feeding into the same system. Pocket-lint The car model you choose changes the MMI experience you'll get, but the experiences are broadly aligned across cars. The position of the screens is different, there are different levels of features available in packages and individual upgrades, but much is presented and operated in the same way, from the A1 right up to the R8.  Driver display: Virtual Cockpit or standard? There are essentially three different types of driver display. There are the analogue dials with a small digital window in the centre, there are analogue dials with a much larger central display and then the full Virtual Cockpit. Pocket-lint The digital parts of Audi's driver display is basically divided into four sections: car information, music, phone and navigation, whether that's the 3.5-inch central display of the A1 or the full glory of the R8's Virtual Cockpit, although what information you get to see depends on your car and package selected.  What is Audi Virtual Cockpit? Audi's Virtual Cockpit is a fully-digital driver display. The 12.3-inch display was launched on the 2015 Audi TT, allowing a full range of dynamic interactions without the need for a central display too, meaning a cleaner dashboard design.  On the Audi TT and the Audi R8 the Virtual Cockpit is standard, and it's available as an upgrade option on the majority of Audi's other models, from the A3 through to the Q7. We love Virtual Cockpit, because it brings a lot of flexibility and it's one of the most techy interfaces you'll find on a car. Pocket-lint The display as standard will show you speed and RPM dials, but you can change the size of these dials with a press of a steering wheel button (marked "view"), making them smaller and letting more of your other information get displayed. The Audi R8 also has a performance mode with a central rev counter, flanked with other customisable details, like torque and power meters.  The big thing here, in reality, is navigation. You can have full navigation mapping spread right across Virtual Cockpit for a wider view than you'll get on a standard central display - it's also closer to your eye line, so very easy to follow. Pocket-lint Aside from those major phone/car info/music/satnav options, you can also open other menus to access all of the car's settings, as you can on the central display fitted on most cars, giving access to things like settings for various driving elements, preferences and so on. Central display Audi offers a range of central display options and almost all are mounted toward the top of the dashboard. Some retract (Audi A3), some have a manual spring-loaded opening (the A1), but in more recent car designs (Audi A5), the displays have been fixed in position, similar to BMW and Mercedes, front and centre on the dash. Pocket-lint Audi doesn't offer touchscreens, instead using that MMI controller and various buttons to navigate the user interface. At a basic level it uses a radial design, letting you use the navigation wheel to rotate around the icons and make your selection, be that to change the media source, setup a new Bluetooth connection, alter the interior lighting or turn up the bass.  Satellite navigation One of the most sought after aspects is GPS route mapping, or satnav. This is available on all Audi models, but comes at various levels with various options.  It's included as standard on some trim levels and it's worth looking at this: it's not standard on SE until you get to the A6 (SE Executive), for the A3 you'll need the SE Technik trim, on the A4 you'll need at least Sport. Partly this comes down to the included tech you'll need - like the MMI controls, SD card slots and so on. Pocket-lint Generally speaking, Audi's mapping is good. There are good pictographic maps and the option to use Google Maps satellite images for the background instead, if you have an internet connection (either through a connected smartphone or from a SIM card). This lends familiarity, especially if you use Google Maps on your phone, although we find the added detail can be distracting - you don't need photographic maps when driving. There are clear visual directions offered. It you don't have Virtual Cockpit, some models will transfer these directions into the centre of the driver display, as well as sharing with the heads-up display if you happen to have that option fitted (it's expensive), along with clear voice instructions. You can also change the relative volumes of media or nav instructions. Pocket-lint Voice can be used to control the satnav but it's rather clunky compared to Google for example so we can't really recommend it; however, if you have a touch-enabled MMI controller, you can scrawl letters to enter a postcode. This might sound a little alien, but it's very easy to do without looking, so works well, especially for postcode entry - much better than using a click dial to get through a menu. Whether you pay for a navigation upgrade, of course, will also depend on what smartphone connection options you also have. Smartphone connectivity Bluetooth is standard on almost all models of Audi, offering a smartphone connection. About the only model that doesn’t get Bluetooth as standard is the A1 on SE trim, the cheapest Audi on offer. Then it's only a £250 upgrade, so well worth the cash, but this only supports basic calling functions.  Bluetooth supports calling, can be used to supply data-dependent functions in the car, as well as allowing media streaming depending on your smartphone - Android users are better served here as the car can then dive into your stored music for playback, whereas the iPhone needs a wire connection to enter "iPod" mode, although on some car models you'll need the connectivity package to enable wider functions. A physical smartphone connection provides a number of benefits, not least for charging the battery, and convenient USB ports provides this function. With standard Bluetooth you get calling features and access to your contacts, so you can scroll and place calls with very little effort, using steering wheel or MMI controls. Pocket-lint On some of the larger Audi models there is also the option for an in-car Bluetooth handset. This is more focused on passenger calling, so that it's not broadcast over the car's speakers. For those in the back of an Audi A8, that might make sense, although we imagine that in the age of smartphone dominance, it's a less important consideration. Audi Phone Box A clever option is the Audi Phone Box. This is a special compartment designed for your phone. It supplies USB for connection to the car and charging, as well as coupling up the phone's antenna to the car's roof antenna for improved reception. Pocket-lint On some models, Qi wireless charging is also offered – for the Samsung Galaxy S7 edge for example - meaning you can just dump your phone on the mat and it will charge inductively. Audi Phone Box is usually in the centre of the car, inside the armrest for example, and is an option on most models. Audi Smartphone Interface: Apple CarPlay and Android Auto Things get a little confusing here, but Audi Smartphone Interface really means Android Auto and Apple CarPlay and is a recent evolution of the phone connection. Older cars also have "Audi Smartphone" which is where you'd go to manage your connection to your phone and as we've just said, that Bluetooth connection will do a lot without these more advanced systems. For Android Auto and Apple CarPlay you connect your (compatible) phone via cable and you'll be asked if you want to use that respective system. A few steps later, you'll be presented with that system on your central display. Pocket-lint Both CarPlay and Android Auto sit over the top of Audi's system, which runs underneath, the display just mirroring the information that's being churned out via the application on the phone. The advantage this brings is a more seamless integration with Apple or Android systems, support for Google voice controls or Siri and use of native app options. That means you can play Spotify through your phone, or music from your phone's memory with very little effort, get to your playlists and call history, navigate to the location of your next appointment and so on. Pocket-lint You can still do everything you might normally want to do, like access the car's settings, but once connected the default view is that of Apple or Android. You'll notice in the Apple display there's a link to Audi MMI and on Android there's an option to exit to MMI too. The exception in all this is Virtual Cockpit. You can still have both these connections in cars with Virtual Cockpit, the only real indicator being that you have an Android Auto notification in your media display, for example. In this situation, the driver could be looking at Virtual Cockpit, while the passenger can browse music on a connected phone.  When using these systems, there's also a seamless integration with navigation, so you can say "Ok Google, navigate home" and Google will enact that instruction. There's also the chance here to use your phone's mapping functions and not pay for the upgrade to Audi's navigation - so long as you have the smartphone interface option. That could potentially save you money on your options list - an Audi A3 SE gets the Smartphone Interface as standard, but MMI Navigation is an extra £495. Android Auto explored: Taking Google on the road Sound, music and television Speakers Entertainment in cars very much revolves around one main aspect: audio. Audi offers a number of different speaker options for its cars: standard, Audi Sound System, Bose, Bang & Olufsen. Pocket-lint The basic breakdown of these is as follows, using the Audi A6 as an example: Audi Sound System: 10 speakers including a subwoofer, 6 channel amplifier, 180 watt - included Bose Surround Sound: 14 speakers including a subwoofer, 12 channel amplifier, 600 watt - £1000 Bang & Olufsen Advanced Sound System: 15 speakers including a subwoofer, 15 channel amplifier, 1200 watt - £6300 There is additional Bose branding on Bose speakers and the B&O system has tweeters that raise from the dash when turned on (depending on the car). Obviously, there's a big price to pay for those B&O speakers, but the Bose system is often included in S line trim. Worth noting is that the Audi Sound System isn't standard, it's an upgraded option (it's £255 on the A3 for example), but what you get changes very much on the model you buy and how far up the scale it is. If you're opting for an Audi RS6, you get Bose as standard, for example. Music services and options Generally speaking, the source for much of your music will come from the radio, but there are options galore to enhance the number of sources you have for your media. We've mentioned your smartphone already and if you have the Smartphone Interface, there's a good chance that you'll use your Apple or Android device to power music: services like iTunes, Spotify or Play Music can then be accessed via MMI - and you can stream your music or play it from the phone's storage. Some models also offer a music connection designed to be used with iPods or MP3 players (including USB based MP3), but as time moves on, it seems to be the phone that's the centre things. Pocket-lint Audi also includes an SD card reader on many of its cars. This will let you fill that card with music (MP3, WMA, AAC) so you could just transfer all the music on your PC's hard drive to an SD card, put that in your car and away you go with your music collection. Some packages also include a hard drive Jukebox in the car. This is often part of the Technology Pack and varies in size depending on the model, but also gives you the option of storing your digital music in the car.  Then there's the standard CD player or multi-disc changer for those who want to carry more CDs. Television If you really want to get involved with in-car entertainment, there's also the option for digital television in some larger models. This is often bundled into other packages - Entertainment package - as well as needing the Technology package too. This will equip your car with a DVB tuner, allowing you to watch TV through the MMI display when your car is stationary. For those in the rear seats, two headset-mounted displays are provided, along with headphones. Those will also play media from other sources, like USB or SD card, giving plenty of options. However, there are limitations on the seats you can have, as not all seats can accommodate the mounts for the screens. Audi Connect online apps and services Audi Connect is a suite of options that aims to link your car to the outside world, either through your phone, or through a SIM card in the car. A range of other technologies get bundled in - like creating a Wi-Fi hotspot from that connection so that others can get online. Pocket-lint Audi Connect will give you fuel prices, reports on traffic, connect you to social media, as well as give you weather. Audi Connect isn't something we've made great use of however. With all that information so readily available through your phone - and with Audi Smartphone Interface now offering CarPlay and Android Auto, it's easy to see that many of the services that Audi Connect offers could be a duplication. Summing up Of all the technologies that Audi offers around the infotainment system, our top pick is the Virtual Cockpit, as this is something that will bring a lovely experience to your drive all the time. We're also fans of the integration of smartphone interfaces for Apple and Android - although if you choose Virtual Cockpit, you'll also have to have Audi's navigation as part of that bundle. With so many models, trim levels and options available, it's easy for every Audi to see to be configured slightly differently. At the core, many of these systems are the same, however. The big ticket upgrades like Bose or B&O speakers obviously boost the audio experience massively, but with Bose appearing in a number of trim options, there are a lot of these models on the road. Pocket-lint There's a whole lot more Audi technology we've not covered here that relates to driving safety - adaptive cruise control, presense city, lane guidance - as well as handy options for things like parking, including the excellent 360 camera, reverse parking guide and corner cameras. If there's anything else you'd like us to talk about, be sure to let us know in the comments below. Sections Audi Cars Honda Civic 2017 first drive: Classic hatch gets a millennial makeover Jaguar F-Pace review: Outpacing its SUV rivals? Morgan made a £6,660 kid version of its all-electric EV3 vehicle Audi MMI explored: A deep dive into Audi's in-car infotainment systems Popular In Cars On Pocket-lint Honda Civic 2017 first drive: Classic hatch gets a millennial makeover Jaguar F-Pace review: Outpacing its SUV rivals? Morgan made a £6,660 kid version of its all-electric EV3 vehicle Audi MMI explored: A deep dive into Audi's in-car infotainment systems Audi A5 (2017) review: Sporty looks, refined drive O2 now sells car insurance and even offers a black box for teens Kia Rio (2017) review: All about connectivity Porsche 718 Boxster S review: Four-cylinder foibles Toyota GT86 (2017) review: Coupe a load of that Ford will make your dumb car smart with plug-in module Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus: Release date, rumours and everything you need to know Honda Civic 2017 first drive: Classic hatch gets a millennial makeover What is PS4 Pro boost mode, when’s it coming and how does improve all PS4 games? When is Android 7.1.1 Nougat coming to my phone? Best smartphones to look forward to in 2017 When is Android Wear 2.0 coming to my smartwatch? LG G6: Release date, rumours and everything you need to know Adidas miCoach merges with Runtastic's app, no longer accepting memberships Amazon Echo vs Amazon Tap vs Echo Dot: What's the difference? Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 vs Tab S2: What's the rumoured difference? Comments search News All news Reviews Hands-on All reviews Features Buyer's guides Vs All features Sections Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR Popular Brands Apple Samsung HTC Microsoft Google Facebook Lego Panasonic LG Amazon Extras & Social Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Google+ YouTube Events Pocket-lint Gadget Awards Regulars Comps Copyright Pocket-lint ltd 2003 - 2017 Site map Contact us About us Reviews policy Site policy Advertise on Pocket-lint
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « Apple tells Australian Commission that their Bank's acting as a Cartel has a Chilling Effect on the Benefits of Competition | Main | Local Chinese Smartphone Brands Kick Apple to fourth Spot in Q4 and it'll be Tough for Apple to Reverse » February 06, 2017 UAE Ministry Announced Today that Apple had informed them of an iPhone 6s Defect Requiring a Battery Replacement   A report out of Dubai today claims that an Arabic daily notes that "Apple is set to recall 88,000 iPhone 6s devices due to battery issues." However, the publication is getting a head of reality. This isn't a classic recall at all. Last year Apple publicly published a web page titled "iPhone 6s Program for Unexpected Shutdown Issues"   On Apple's website they noted that "Apple has determined that a very small number of iPhone 6s devices may unexpectedly shut down. This is not a safety issue and only affects devices within a limited serial number range that were manufactured between September and October 2015. If you have experienced this issue, please use the serial number checker below to see if your iPhone 6s is eligible for a battery replacement, free of charge."   A translation of the Arabic report noted today that "The director of the Consumer Protection Department in the Ministry, Dr. Hashim Al Nuaimi, in a press statement, said that Apple informed the Ministry of Economy, yesterday, the emergence of a defect or malfunction respect to the battery in a specific category of device (iPhone 6 S)."   Apple's UAE iPhone users are being asked to use the serial number checker on the link noted above to see if their iPhone 6s is eligible for a battery replacement at no charge. This is a far cry from being a full pledged recall.   A faulty battery from China eventually caused Samsung to shut down production of the Note7 from the market. The fault of the battery was revealed during a special Samsung event last month. Samsung is seriously considering dropping ATL for a Japanese supplier Murata for their upcoming Galaxy S8. Whether Apple will likewise consider Murata is unknown at this time.   About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.     Posted by Jack Purcher on February 06, 2017 at 05:14 AM in 5. News, Rumors & Opinions | Permalink Comments Verify your Comment Previewing your Comment Posted by:  |  This is only a preview. Your comment has not yet been posted. Your comment could not be posted. Error type: Your comment has been saved. Comments are moderated and will not appear until approved by the author. Post another comment The letters and numbers you entered did not match the image. Please try again. As a final step before posting your comment, enter the letters and numbers you see in the image below. This prevents automated programs from posting comments. Having trouble reading this image? View an alternate. Post a comment Comments are moderated, and will not appear until the author has approved them. Comment below or sign in with Typepad Facebook TwitterGoogle+and more... You are currently signed in as (nobody). Sign Out (You can use HTML tags like <b> <i> and <ul> to style your text. URLs automatically linked.) Your Information (Name is required. Email address will not be displayed with the comment.) Name is required to post a comment Please enter a valid email address Invalid URL Please enable JavaScript if you would like to comment on this blog. Search Recent Posts Apple VP Tells Australian Financial Paper that Aussies are Trail Blazers when it comes to using Apple Pay Fake News is unlikely Hurting Apple, so why is the CEO of Apple making it an Issue Today? Sportbrain Sues Apple Claiming that the Apple Watch Collects Sports Related Data in a Manner that Infringes their Patent You Know the VR Market is Lost when Facebook's CEO gets Excited over wearing VR Gloves to type on a Virtual Keyboard Apple Patent Reveals Breakthrough Quantum Tunneling Touch-Sensitive Materials for iPhone, Smart Cases & More Samsung Officially Chickened Out for a 2017 Foldable Smartphone, but Apple has Shown us it has a Bright Future Samsung's new Galaxy S8 will Offer 5.7" & 6.2" Edge Displays but won't be supported by Larger Batteries To Avoid Note 7 Style Battery Fires, Apple Patent Reveals Instituting a new Heat Dissipator made of Graphene Cool: Apple Invents a Dual Display MacBook that a User will be able to use Outdoors with Sunglasses on Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. News, Rumors & Opinions 6. Non-Apple News 7. Apple / Market Statistics 8. Apple Events & Financial News 9. 3D Technology + Facial Recognition Apple Accessories Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple Macs Apple Pay Apple Pencil + Apple Store Apple Watch AppleTV Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible, Foldable Haptics & Tactile Maps/Indoor Mapping + Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Reports Projection Related Software + OS Wireless Charging See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Special report: Automation puts jobs in peril Automation is the greatest threat to the economy, but may also be its biggest opportunity. Nathan Bomey , USA TODAY Part 1 Welcome to the Automation Revolution Share This Story 1,231 Tweet Share Share Pin Email Comment BALTIMORE — The patter of automated machinery fills the air inside wire-basket manufacturer Marlin Steel’s bustling factory in a rugged industrial section of this city. Maxi Cifarelli, 25, of Baltimore, peers through safety goggles at a flat screen, her left knee bent and heel resting on her chair. Two years after earning a fine arts degree from Towson University with a specialty in interdisciplinary object design, she now spends her work days working with a personality-free machine with a name to match: a computer numerical control, or CNC, router. With automation poised to sweep through the economy, some fear that it will kill more jobs than it creates. But Cifarelli’s experience is the opposite. She befriended automation, instead of fighting it, and she has a job because of it. “I haven’t named it,” she said, peering over at the robotic machinery. “I should name it.” Cifarelli is one of 33 employees at Marlin Steel, which has undergone a transformation. Employees used to make wire baskets by hand. Now automation has taken over. High-tech machines do most of the work — and the plant needs workers willing to adapt their skill sets to survive in a rapidly changing economy. Automation has allowed Marlin Steel to thrive, but across the country, workers feel threatened. Donald Trump catapulted into the White House by giving voice to those fears and promising to save American factories and jobs by rewriting trade deals, taxing imports and removing regulations. A robotic arm removes a section of wire from a computerized two-dimensional bending machine before carrying it to an automated welder at Marlin Steel in Baltimore, which has embraced automation to remain competitive with foreign manufacturers. (Photo: Jasper Colt, USA TODAY) Futurists have warned for years that automation will take your job. Now it's happening, albeit in pockets, at manufacturers, warehouses and even some labor-intensive white-collar professions. As the political debate rages over how to inject fresh energy into the American economy with Trump taking office, automation presents perhaps the greatest threat to the American economy. But it may also reflect its greatest opportunity if workers take the Cifarelli route and embrace robotics, artificial intelligence and automation. Either way, it’s poised to accelerate — and if not here, then in foreign countries that will reap the benefits while the American economy suffers a competitive disadvantage. About 49% of worker activities can be turned over to some sort of machine or robot, increasingly helped along by artificial-intelligence software, according to consultancy McKinsey. About 58% of CEOs plan to cut jobs over the next five years because of robotics, while 16% say they plan to hire more people because of robotics, according to a PricewaterhouseCoopers survey. As artificial intelligence programs proliferate, automation won't be confined to the factory floor. Positions that involve a substantial amount of predictable work, such as data processing, could succumb to automated software and artificial intelligence. McKinsey counted more than 70 entire professions in which at least 90% of activities can be automated, ranging from mail clerks to ophthalmic lab technicians, tire-repairers, butchers, food preparers and bakers. But many Americans don’t think they need to adapt, with 80% saying their job definitely or probably will exist in its current form in 50 years, according to the Pew Research Center. “We often think about automation as applying to front-line, low-wage, low-skill activities and jobs — and what we’ve discovered is there are some activities that are high-wage, high-skill that are actually very susceptible to automation,” said Michael Chui, a McKinsey Global Institute partner in San Francisco who studies the issue. “Almost every job in the economy has a significant percentage of activities that can be automated." The professional service robot industry expects to sell a third more units from 2016 through 2019 — 333,200 in all — than it sold in the past 17 years, says the International Federation of Robotics. They could be used in place of professionals, whether it's medicine, agriculture, hospitality or even the supermarket down the street. Consider: —Restaurant workers. In fast-food, San Francisco-based Momentum Machines already makes a hamburger-flipping robot. Several chains are gradually introducing self-ordering stations. —Shelf stockers. In stores, San Francisco-based Bossa Nova Robotics has developed a robot that is checking shelf inventory in a test at Lowe’s, the home-improvement chain. —Journalists. Automated Insights has created a software suite called WordSmith that writes thousands of automated stories every month, including Minor League Baseball game accounts and earnings reports for the Associated Press, basketball game recaps for Yahoo! Sports and financial content for dozens of other clients. —Bookkeepers. Accountants — perceived as a steady 9-to-5 job with an average salary of $67,190 in 2015, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics — are poised for a total makeover. About one in five people in the finance and insurance sector primarily perform data processing — and about 85% of that work can be automated, McKinsey estimates. Predictability “The basic gist of it is the more certainty your job entails the more likely is to be automated out,” said Mary (Missy) Cummings, a Duke University professor and director of the Humans and Autonomy Lab. In other words, the more predictable your daily routine is, the more likely your job is to go away. It’s already happening. Walmart announced plans in September to cut 7,000 bookkeeping and store accounting positions as it automates cash management and centralizes the process at its headquarters. In accounting, nimble firms will transition their focus to advising clients based on insights gleaned from automated data. Audits may go from an annual process to a continuous action. Software will increasingly handle the “high-volume, routine, non-judgmental” activities in real time, said Bill Brennan, audit transformation leader for PricewaterhouseCoopers. PwC is now hiring employees for its auditing business with backgrounds in science, technology and engineering. “We need those individuals to help us as we get into data analysis, analytics, data security, cloud computing. The future employee is going to have a combination of those skills,” Brennan said. Cifarelli knows. At Marlin Steel, her college-level education pays off in production work. Pecking periodically at a computer mouse, she delivers detailed instructions, programming the machine to carve small canyons in wood to hold wire that is later welded together with automated equipment to make precision wire baskets, accurate to within 2/1000ths of an inch. She's bonded with her CNC, which she has come to think of as a robot companion. “I need the robot to ensure consistency,” Cifarelli said. “Over the past year, I’ve become really accustomed to the sounds and the movements of it. I can really predict what’s gonna happen. We’re kind of a team.” For Marlin Steel, the problem was straightforward: Automate or die. In the early 2000s, factory workers at the 48-year-old company were forming the big metal baskets typically seen in bagel shops by hand-bending wire at a rate of 300 bends per hour in a grueling manual process. “They all had huge right arms,” Marlin Steel CEO and owner Drew Greenblatt said. CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share Marlin Steel in Baltimore, Maryland, was able to stay in business by automating its processes to stay competitive when many other manufacturing jobs went overseas. Video by Jasper Colt, USA TODAY When emerging overseas competitors swooped in and undercut the company on labor costs, producing baskets for less than $6 each to Marlin’s $12, sales cratered. “Our entire business model blew up and we were hemorrhaging,” Greenblatt said. “China was exporting baskets into Manhattan for cheaper than I could buy the steel.” To fight back, the company purchased robotic wire-forming machines and other automated equipment to manufacture precision wire baskets and other metal products for customers that required a higher-quality product, such as Boeing, General Motors, Harley-Davidson and Disney. Because of automation, Marlin Steel nearly doubled its workforce over the last decade to 33 employees and boosted pay from minimum wage when Greenblatt acquired the company to at least $15 per hour today, with some employees making more than $30. “It’s only viable because my employees are like on steroids,” Greenblatt said. “All of a sudden they’re super productive and it’s because we’ve given them the tools — it’s robotics and automation. Thank God for robots. If it wasn’t for robots, these guys would be unemployed.” Foreign competition Marlin Steel may have been ahead of its time. Industrial robots have hit an inflection point — powered by cost reductions and technological improvements in visioning, sensing and gripping — and are poised to accelerate. Although they only perform 10% of tasks in manufacturing today, they will perform 25% by 2025, according to a study by Boston Consulting Group. A computerized puncher stamps pieces out of sheet metal at Marlin Steel in Baltimore, which has embraced automation to remain competitive against foreign manufacturers. (Photo: Jasper Colt, USA TODAY) In one tangible sign of increased automation, those technological improvements have ushered in the dawn of the “collaborative robot,” unleashing automation from protective cages and placing the machinery right next to humans, with sensors protecting the worker and ensuring efficiency. Barclays analysts estimate that global sales of so-called “cobots” will balloon from 4,100 units and $120 million in 2015 to 701,000 and $12 billion in 2025. And it's happening globally. China, for example, is not wasting any time. Amid all the political consternation over alleged currency manipulation and global trade advantages, China is expected to double its installation of industrial robots from 75,000 in 2015 to 150,000 in 2018, nearly four times the rate of North America, according to the International Federation of Robotics. Trump has repeatedly pledged to bring manufacturing back to the U.S., even suggesting that Apple’s iPhone could be made here and exhorting Apple CEO Tim Cook to do so. But that might not be possible without massive automation to make it cost-effective to manufacture in the U.S. Apple’s iPhone manufacturer, Foxconn, in fact, has already begun automating certain work that was previously done by hand. A Chinese government official told a Hong Kong newspaper in May that Foxconn had replaced 60,000 workers with robots at one factory there. And the company is receiving incentives north of Shanghai in the eastern-central Jiangsu Province to accelerate investments in robotics to replace human labor, according to Chinese state media organization Xinhua. As automation advances, globalization will enter a new chapter in which low-cost labor becomes increasingly irrelevant. Unlike humans, robots don’t get paid an hourly wage. So it’s not much more expensive to operate a machine in a developed economy than it is in the developing world. That could be good news for America because it may slow the outflow of investment to other countries. “The fastest growing robotics user in the world is China because they understand that they want a lot of this manufacturing based on low-cost labor, but that’s not the whole game,” said Jeff Burnstein, president of the Association for Advancing Automation. “The game now more than ever is quality, speed and flexibility — and low-cost labor alone is not gonna do it.” The downsides Automation is a double-edged sword, though. Take the example of family-owned Ramsey, Minn.-based injection molder Dynamic Group. The company recently boosted its production by 400% after installing robotic arms made by Universal Robots. Automation bolstered the company’s capability to produce lower-volume, highly complex products that would otherwise not be profitable because the company could not afford to hire workers to craft and manufacture devices with limited commercial appeal. “It’s really hard to be able to be competitive nation- and worldwide coming from this market and having to do that type of labor,” said Joe McGillivray, CEO of Dynamic Group, whose father co-founded the company in 1977. “We’re able to do more work, which will allow us to make more money and pay you better.” Still, the downsides of automation are impossible to ignore. As advanced manufacturing companies adopt more automation, many workers won’t be needed. Nathan Myers operates a two-dimensional bending machine that bends steel wire of various thicknesses into a specific radius for Marlin Steel in Baltimore. (Photo: Jasper Colt, USA TODAY) McGillivray said that by installing robots, Dynamic Group expects to reduce its reliance on temporary workers. In the past, the company had occasionally hired up to 20 temp workers to aid its permanent staff of 106 workers. “We would instead be using robots as our flex labor instead of people as our flex labor,” he said. Artificial intelligence If automation evokes imagery of robots replacing humans, then its close relative, artificial intelligence, conjures fears of computers taking dominion over humans. But those fears, while perhaps not unfounded in the distant future, fail to reflect AI’s emerging role as an assistant to people in the workplace. At Boston-based start-up Lola, two executives who were almost single-handedly responsible for replacing travel agents with computers — that is, one of automation’s most obvious examples of displacement — are reviving the travel agent through artificial intelligence. The 50-person company has developed an AI-based system — which basically just means a bunch of software algorithms — to aid human travel agents in making recommendations to travelers, booking accommodations and addressing itinerary hiccups. “We think most travelers would rather talk to a human because the human will understand them 100% of the time, so we use the bots to back them up,” said Lola CEO Paul English, who co-founded travel listings site Kayak.com and served as the company’s chief technology officer. “If we’re successful we’ll have thousands of travel agents, perhaps tens of thousands of travel agents working exclusively for Lola.” The AI, which English affectionately refers to as a bot, can crawl through a user’s email inbox, for example, to identify travel preferences and scheduling quirks. Those insights are translated into intelligence that the travel agents use to improve their customer's experience. For Lola Chairman Barney Harford, former CEO of travel booking site Orbitz and former executive at Expedia, it’s a sharp turn from his previous life ushering in the age of do-it-yourself travel. “We are bringing humans back into the picture,” Harford said. Part 2 How to make your job automation-proof For Canyon Gamble, robots aren’t the enemy — they’re a ticket to prosperity. The 19-year-old last year chose a decidedly high-tech career path, completing a special automation certification program at the tech center known in Marion, Ohio, simply as RAMTEC. It's already paying off. “I’ve had two or three job offers just in the past month,” he said, noting chances to work on computer-aided design (CAD) and 3D CAD. “I don’t need a college degree just because of how the field works. If you can prove you can do it, you most likely can get the job." At a time when automation is poised to eliminate entire professions across America, students like Gamble and some industry professionals are trying to outrun the revolution. For workers to survive with good jobs that are increasingly automated, it's worth considering the old adage: If you can’t beat ‘em, join ‘em. Or in this case, gain skills in programming, maintaining or fixing industrial robots or automated software. One strategy is to embrace a profession with little predictable work. Canyon Gamble of Marion, Ohio, reviews a three-dimensional gripper he developed for a Universal Robot arm through training at the Tri-Rivers Career Center’s Robotics & Advanced Manufacturing Technology Education Collaborative in his hometown. (Photo: KimAronson.com) A study by consultancy McKinsey found more than 70 professions in which no more than 10% of activities are susceptible to automation based on currently accessible technology. Those automation-proof jobs include posts such as special education teacher, transit police, tree trimmer, purchasing agent, multimedia artist and animator, psychiatrist, occupational health specialist, mathematician, music director, economist, astronomer and clergy. Adapting may be the only way to avoid tumbling into unemployment as automation sweeps workers out of entire fields. The good news: Automation technology jobs are lucrative. Careers in advanced manufacturing automation range in salary from $40,000 to $60,000 for high-school grads with certification from a center like RAMTEC and from $50,000 to $70,000 for associate degree grads from junior colleges with similar training, said Paul Aiello, director of certified education training for Japanese robotics maker Fanuc. By contrast, the national median compensation for Americans with only an associate's degree is $41,496, while the median compensation for someone with only a high school diploma is $35,256, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics. Not all of this critical training comes in classrooms. Some workers manage to figure it out on their own. Joshua Wallace, 33, a robotics technician at Marlin Steel in Baltimore, taught himself how to improve some of the company’s robotics systems by watching videos on YouTube. “If I run into a problem it’s amazing — just jump online. I jump on a forum,” says Wallace, an Army veteran of Afghanistan and Iraq. “Surprisingly there’s a couple things I just learned that would have really helped out months ago and a three-minute video shows me how to break it down and do it. I’m like, 'Oh my, it’s so simple.'” Another way to keep the automation revolution from swallowing your job is to devise a role that turns the tables on tech. Mari Vance did. Vance, 25, of Las Vegas, recently had her hours cut almost in half, from full-time to part-time, working as a parking booth attendant when the hotel-casino where she worked installed an automated ticketing booth. Needing more work, she left her job and struck out on her own. She decided to design a role-playing game for computers, raising more than $15,000 through crowd fundraising site Kickstarter to create a visual novel video game called Dragon Date, using self-taught skills. “I have a theory that 20 years from now we’re all going to be technicians and all the service jobs are going to be automated,” she said. "In the long term, I feel like creative jobs and stuff like that are the jobs that are most immune to automation." She's got a point. The pace of advanced robotics installation is expected to go from 2% to 3% annual growth today to 10% growth within a decade, according to Boston Consulting Group. Educators need to adjust the pace at which they revise their own programs. CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share RAMTEC is an Ohio technical center that offers high school students training in the field of robotics and advanced manufacturing technologies. That’s what happened at RAMTEC, which stands for Robotic Advanced Manufacturing Technical Education Collaborative. Chuck Speelman, superintendent of the Tri-Rivers Career Center, said the organization realized several years ago after a series of candid conversations with local manufacturers that its robotics program was not teaching marketable skills or using up-to-date equipment. “They pretty much told us that what we were doing was a waste of time,” he said. “We had to change the paradigm.” In partnership with robotics companies, local manufacturers and educators, Tri-Rivers Career Center designed a system that is now being replicated throughout the state. High school students enrolled for free at RAMTEC continue earning their traditional diplomas while also collecting skills that local businesses such as global automaker Honda, which has plants in Ohio, and robotics refurbishing firm Robot Works are demanding. Companies are pitching in. For example, Fanuc donated software training programs and sold cutting-edge robotics systems to RAMTEC at a steep discount. The company already trains about 8,000 to 9,000 people annually through its own network of paid courses, but is running at 99% capacity. “We can’t keep up,” Aiello said. “The only way to put a dent in the demand is to partner with education.” Follow USA TODAY reporter Nathan Bomey on Twitter @NathanBomey. Share This Story 1,231 Tweet Share Share Pin Email Comment © 2017 USA TODAY, a division of Gannett Satellite Information Network, LLC. Chapters TK TK TK TK Part 1 Welcome to the Automation Revolution Part 2 How to make your job automation-proof Share Enjoy a limted number of articles over the next 30 days Subscribe Today Log In Subscribed, but don't have a login? Activate your digital access. Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about Special report: Automation puts jobs in peril As the political debate rages over how to boost the American economy with Trump taking office, automation presents perhaps the greatest threat. But it may also reflect the economy's greatest opportunity Special report: Automation puts jobs in peril As the political debate rages over how to boost the American economy with Trump taking office, automation presents perhaps the greatest threat. But it may also reflect the economy's greatest opportunity  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2kdc67R {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Buy Gateway Distriparks; target of Rs 314: Motilal Oswal - New India Assurance posts nine-month net profit of Rs 455 crore Keep your account secure » X Ensure that your correct email id and mobile has been registered with moneycontrol. If not, please update your profile and secure the account now. Updating your email id and mobile number offers following benefits: If someone tries to reset your password, you will be informed immediately Only you will receive email & sms alerts relating to your stocks & overall portfolio Opted-in market updates, news, research reports, will be delivered to you on-time Update your profile now » News Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Messages Notices Videos All Search Language App Subscriptions Specials Sign-In Register Santa Claus Logout Hindi Gujrati Profile Portfolio Watchlist Messages Alerts News markets Mutual Funds commodities Property personal finance portfolio Forum LIVE TV TV18 terminal Home Business Management Talk Markets Stocks Politics International Tech Lifestyle SME Videos Home » News » Business Feb 06, 2017, 07.11 PM | Source: PTI No decision yet on Apple's demand for concessions: DIPP The government has not taken a final decision yet on the concessions being sought by US iPhone maker Apple for setting up a manufacturing unit in India, a top official said today. Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3 No decision yet on Apples demand for concessions: DIPP The government has not taken a final decision yet on the concessions being sought by US iPhone maker Apple for setting up a manufacturing unit in India, a top official said today. Post Your Comments Share Cancel | 1 Comments The government has not taken a final decision yet on the concessions being sought by US iPhone maker Apple for setting up a manufacturing unit in India, a top official said today. Secretary in the Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion (DIPP) Ramesh Abhishek said that Apple has submitted certain demands for the government's consideration. "We had a meeting of all the concerned ministries and departments (on those demands) and we have asked them to look at those issues and take a view. No ministry has yet taken a final decision on any of those. But we are in touch with them," Abhishek told reporters here. He said the government supports all manufacturing, including value manufacturing, in the country by companies. "So we would definitely like to promote this. So we are coordinating response from all the concerned ministries but no final view has been taken yet on any of those," he said. The secretary also clarified that the government does not take any policy decision for a particular company. "Decision is taken for everyone. So no company specific decision can be taken," he said, adding that DIPP has forwarded the requests of Apple to the Department of Revenue also. On January 25, Apple Inc indicated to the government that it is ready with a blueprint to begin manufacturing iPhones in India, but wants fiscal concessions, including Customs duty waiver on import of components. Apple executives made a detailed presentation on its road map for setting up a manufacturing unit in India to an inter-ministerial group headed by Abhishek. With sales tapering in the US and China, Apple is eyeing India -- the fastest growing smartphone market in the world -- and looking to set up a local manufacturing unit to cut costs. It makes devices through contract manufacturers. Besides exemption from the Customs duty on imports of components and equipment for 15 years, Apple wants relaxation in the mandated 30 per cent local sourcing of components. In a communication to the government, the Cupertino-based technology major has asked for several tax and other incentives, including long-term duty exemptions, to enter the manufacturing sector in India. Currently, the government provides support by way of benefits under the Modified Special Incentive Package Scheme (MSIPS) to boost electronic manufacturing. The company sells its products through Apple-owned retail stores in countries like China, Germany, the US, the UK and France, among others. It has no wholly-owned store in India and sells its products through distributors such as Redington and Ingram Micro. Tags  PTI Apple Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion Ramesh Abhishek Modified Special Incentive Package Scheme MSIPS Buy, Hold, Sell ? Hear it first on M3 No decision yet on Apples demand for concessions: DIPP Wire News Platinum Member 708 Followers News Now The government has not taken a final decision yet on the concessions being sought by US iPhone maker Apple for setting up a manufacturing unit in Indi... http://t.in.com/954Q Reply  |  Rate  |  Click if offensive  |  Share  |  Repost See all Sign in or Login with Username Password Keep me signed in   Forgot password? Don't have an account yet? - Register now news Budget News Top News Budget 2017: Modi-Jaitley star as Sherlock-Watson as newspapers react Budget 2017 had 'shortest list of bad news': Ridham Desai Budget 2017: What's in store for startup founders & their employees Budget allocation to Water Resources Ministry hiked by 11% Budget extends window for startups to avail tax benefits Mixed reaction by aviation, tourism industry experts to Budget Here is what India's Startup CEOs feel about Budget 2017-18 Budget 2017 to bring positive structure to economy: Anil Sardana Union Budget 2017-18: Government is on fast track mode, says Gagan Banga Trump says he is working on a major tax reform Raincoat Jibe: Rahul says Modi likes to peep into 'bathrooms' Polling begins for phase-I of UP Assembly elections Shriram Transport to raise Rs 200 cr by via masala bonds Save sovereignty of constitution: Sasikala to Guv in a letter See all Video of the day Pharma bottoming out but invest selectively: Emkay Global Explore Moneycontrol STOCKS A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Others MUTUAL FUNDS A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Live Sensex Public Sector Banks Market Statistics Plan Insurance Global Market Business News Mutual Fund Best Portfolio Manager Bse Sensex Nse Nifty Commodities Price Silver Price/Rate in India Gold Price/Rate in India Crude Oil USD to INR Bank Fixed Deposits Company Fixed Deposits Small Savings Schemes Bonds Budget: 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016 | Budget 2017 Tax Calculator RBI Credit Policy News Archive FAQs Financial Glossary Forum Moneybhai Think India History India Latest News IBNLive News News in Hindi Cricket News Paper Peek Exam Special CBSE Sample Papers India News Restaurants in Delhi Online Shopping in India Cairn India Euro Infosys Inflation Silver Glenmark Pharmaceuticals Snapdeal Starbucks Narendra Modi Crore Rss Feeds Site Map  |  About Us  |  Contact Us  |  Feedback  |  Advertise  |  Bookmark  |  Disclaimer  |  Privacy Statement  |  Terms of Use  |  Careers Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited. Login Sign Up Get started using your favorite social network or Login using moneycontrol ID Username Password Need help logging in? Reset password. Don´t have an account? Sign Up Get started using your favorite social network or Simply sign up using this short form * mandatory UserName* Username should be atleast 4 character Password* Password should be 8 or more characters, atleast 1 number, 1 symbol & 1 upper case letter Alert Your Password should contain 8 or more characters At least 1 number At least 1 symbol At least 1 upper case letter Confirm Password* Email Already have an account? Login Register Now Sign In X Name* Enter Alphabets only Email* Enter valid email id Contact No.* Enter 10 digits only City Mumbai Delhi Kolkata Bengaluru Chennai Hyderabad Pune Other Interested in All Confused? use our Compare Brokers feature. Register Now Thank you for registering. Respective broker representative will reach you shortly. sign in

Photos Videos Topics Live BAN 255/6 (77.3) - IND 687/6 (166) Live SL 296/8 (50) - SA 384/6 (50) Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Rahul Gandhi Sasikala Assembly Elections 2017 UP Elections 2017 Raees Home Money No decision yet on Apple's demand for concessions: DIPP Shares1 Mon, 6 Feb 2017-05:14pm , PTI The government has not taken a final decision yet on the concessions being sought by US iPhone maker Apple for setting up a manufacturing unit in India, a top official said today. Secretary in the Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion (DIPP) Ramesh Abhishek said that Apple has submitted certain demands for the government's consideration. "We had a meeting of all the concerned ministries and departments (on those demands) and we have asked them to look at those issues and take a view. No ministry has yet taken a final decision on any of those. But we are in touch with them," Abhishek told reporters here. He said the government supports all manufacturing, including value manufacturing, in the country by companies. "So we would definitely like to promote this. So we are coordinating response from all the concerned ministries but no final view has been taken yet on any of those," he said. The secretary also clarified that the government does not take any policy decision for a particular company. "Decision is taken for everyone. So no company specific decision can be taken," he said, adding that DIPP has forwarded the requests of Apple to the Department of Revenue also. On January 25, Apple Inc indicated to the government that it is ready with a blueprint to begin manufacturing iPhones in India, but wants fiscal concessions, including Customs duty waiver on import of components. Apple executives made a detailed presentation on its road map for setting up a manufacturing unit in India to an inter-ministerial group headed by Abhishek. With sales tapering in the US and China, Apple is eyeing India -- the fastest growing smartphone market in the world -- and looking to set up a local manufacturing unit to cut costs. It makes devices through contract manufacturers. Besides exemption from the Customs duty on imports of components and equipment for 15 years, Apple wants relaxation in the mandated 30 per cent local sourcing of components. In a communication to the government, the Cupertino-based technology major has asked for several tax and other incentives, including long-term duty exemptions, to enter the manufacturing sector in India. Currently, the government provides support by way of benefits under the Modified Special Incentive Package Scheme (MSIPS) to boost electronic manufacturing. The company sells its products through Apple-owned retail stores in countries like China, Germany, the US, the UK and France, among others. It has no wholly-owned store in India and sells its products through distributors such as Redington and Ingram Micro. (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read Money Snapdeal asks managers to 'right-size' teams; to lay off nearly 30% staff in two months: report Money IT Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad allays visa concerns; says have spoken to US govt Money Make In India: Govt approves electronics development fund of Rs 6,831 crore Money Hindustan Motors sells iconic Ambassador brand to Peugeot Money No breakdown in corporate governance at Infosys: Board member Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw Money War against black money: Govt tightens noose around shell cos after PMO review Live Cricket Score Live BAN 255/6 (77.3) IND 687/6 (166) Full Scorecard | Commentary Live SL 296/8 (50) SA beat SL by 88 runs SA 384/6 (50) Full Scorecard | Commentary Related Too early to comment on Trump's policies, which are yet to be ratified: Nirmala Sitharaman Infosys boardroom war: Founders concerned over governance issue, will it head the Tata way? Cognizant says $6 million in 'improper payments' made in India for permits, building licences Video WATCH: Priyanka Chopra says "Bollywood has been reduced to a Zumba class" Watch: This video urges you to stop asking women to cover up Shocking: Man climbs fence to avoid paying zoo ticket, gets mauled to death by tiger View all Tags United States China France Germany Ingram Micro UK Apple Inc Ramesh Abhishek Incentive Package Scheme Industrial Policy Redington US iPhone SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Advertise Reprint Rights News Sasikala writes to TN Governor, seeks appointment to prove majority Special children: Govt, civil society should join hands Akhilesh, Rahul release 10-pt common minimum programme for UP Iraq won't take part in regional conflict, Abadi says after Trump phone call Three arrested for conspiring and selling prime plot Sport Swing coach Leadbetter runs rule over golfers Trump and Abe Golf-Swing coach Leadbetter runs rule over golfers Trump and Abe "The timing could not have been better. A lot of quality Golf-Willett on target for first win since U.S. Masters triumph Star-packed North favourites to lift T20 inter-zonals Entertainment The Kapil Sharma Show: Rishi Kapoor REVEALS he'll enact episodes from his book 'Khullam Khulla' on stage 'Kaabil' director Sanjay Gupta begins work on his next! Varun mum on Govinda's remarks on father David Dhawan WATCH: Robert Downey Jr, Chris Pratt & Tom Holland on day 1 of 'Avengers: Infinity War' shoot Akshay Kumar's 'Crack' SHELVED or not? Director Neeraj Pandey BREAKS SILENCE on his delayed film Money Copper, nickel strengthen on global cues, firm demand ICRA's Board approves buyback of its equity shares from open market through stock exchange Kirana: Select spices, led by black pepper and jeera, In New York Comex trade, gold for delivery in April Bullion: Gold prices maintained its bullishness for Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « Apple's CEO Pays a Surprise Visit to an Apple Store in France | Main | UAE Ministry Announced Today that Apple had informed them of an iPhone 6s Defect Requiring a Battery Replacement » February 06, 2017 Apple tells Australian Commission that their Bank's acting as a Cartel has a Chilling Effect on the Benefits of Competition   In November Patently Apple posted a report titled "The Australian Bank Cartel is denied the Ability to Force Apple to Open Apple Pay API's on their Terms." Apple has been struggling to get Apple Pay up and running in Australia since 2015 with the banks not only refusing to go along with Apple, they've been trying to force Apple to hand over their Apple Pay API's so that they could offer home grown Apple Pay alternative services. They're too dumb to pool their resources and devise their own card system, they just want to rip Apple off. Thankfully thus far the Australian Commission has denied the banks the legal ability to form a cartel to force Apple to comply. The official ruling from the commission is due sometime between March and May. Until such time, the banks have no incentive in supporting Apple Pay until there's a rulling where they could officially force Apple to comply or they'll give up and work with Apple like most other civilized nations.   A new Australian report this morning says that Apple sent a letter to the Australian Commission accusing their national banks of deliberate delays in implementing Apple Pay.   To date only the ANZ Bank has had to initiative to work with Apple and even put out a unique TV for the Australian market as noted below.     In the US, issuers must pay 0.15 percent of a credit card transaction and 0.5 cents for each debit card transaction, and 7 cents to Visa and 50 cents to MasterCard for each card that is added to an Apple wallet.   But Apple doesn't allow banks to recoup these fees from their customers. The Australian banks want to be able to pressure Apple to let them pass on the costs to their users.   The Australian report notes that Apple argues there was no difference in customer experience between a bank utilizing the embedded NFC chip compared to a bank linking its own digital wallet with Apple Pay.   Specifically, Apple stated that "The only benefit ... is a purely private benefit where they would be allowed to free-ride on the significant investments made by Apple ... to facilitate NFC payments without paying any fees for transactions processed via Apple's secure element infrastructure."   Apple claimed the banks were using the Australian Competition and Consumer Commission process to delay the expansion of Apple Pay in Australia to the 70 percent of cardholders controlled by the applicant banks, and had made "little to no attempt" to understand how Apple Pay works and how it can be utilized by their own mobile apps.   "The applicant's refusal to engage with Apple during the authorization process provides evidence of the chilling effect of the proposed collective conduct on the benefits of competition..." it said.   Before the commission makes its final ruling on the matter, Apple is reminding the commission how the banks are collectively refusing to work with them on a solution.   About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.     Posted by Jack Purcher on February 06, 2017 at 04:22 AM in 5. News, Rumors & Opinions | Permalink Comments Verify your Comment Previewing your Comment Posted by:  |  This is only a preview. Your comment has not yet been posted. Your comment could not be posted. Error type: Your comment has been saved. Comments are moderated and will not appear until approved by the author. Post another comment The letters and numbers you entered did not match the image. Please try again. As a final step before posting your comment, enter the letters and numbers you see in the image below. This prevents automated programs from posting comments. Having trouble reading this image? View an alternate. Post a comment Comments are moderated, and will not appear until the author has approved them. Comment below or sign in with Typepad Facebook TwitterGoogle+and more... You are currently signed in as (nobody). Sign Out (You can use HTML tags like <b> <i> and <ul> to style your text. URLs automatically linked.) Your Information (Name is required. Email address will not be displayed with the comment.) Name is required to post a comment Please enter a valid email address Invalid URL Please enable JavaScript if you would like to comment on this blog. Search Recent Posts Apple VP Tells Australian Financial Paper that Aussies are Trail Blazers when it comes to using Apple Pay Fake News is unlikely Hurting Apple, so why is the CEO of Apple making it an Issue Today? Sportbrain Sues Apple Claiming that the Apple Watch Collects Sports Related Data in a Manner that Infringes their Patent You Know the VR Market is Lost when Facebook's CEO gets Excited over wearing VR Gloves to type on a Virtual Keyboard Apple Patent Reveals Breakthrough Quantum Tunneling Touch-Sensitive Materials for iPhone, Smart Cases & More Samsung Officially Chickened Out for a 2017 Foldable Smartphone, but Apple has Shown us it has a Bright Future Samsung's new Galaxy S8 will Offer 5.7" & 6.2" Edge Displays but won't be supported by Larger Batteries To Avoid Note 7 Style Battery Fires, Apple Patent Reveals Instituting a new Heat Dissipator made of Graphene Cool: Apple Invents a Dual Display MacBook that a User will be able to use Outdoors with Sunglasses on Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. News, Rumors & Opinions 6. Non-Apple News 7. Apple / Market Statistics 8. Apple Events & Financial News 9. 3D Technology + Facial Recognition Apple Accessories Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple Macs Apple Pay Apple Pencil + Apple Store Apple Watch AppleTV Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible, Foldable Haptics & Tactile Maps/Indoor Mapping + Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Reports Projection Related Software + OS Wireless Charging See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
Please Update your browser Your browser is out of date, and may not be compatible with our website. A list of the most popular web browsers can be found below. Just click on the icons to get to the download page. press enter to search Video 30°C DKI Jakarta, Indonesia 30°C Partly Cloudy Dry and mostly cloudy throughout the day. Wed 26℃ - 32℃ Thu 25℃ - 32℃ Fri 25℃ - 31℃ Sat 26℃ - 30℃ Home NEWS PULSE MULTIMEDIA MOST VIEWED MOST SHARED news NEWS politics world national city Business SE ASIA COMMUNITY COMMUNITY Youth OPINION OPINION ACADEMIA INTERVIEW JPLUS TRAVEL TRAVEL News Destinations VIDEO VIDEO VIDEO PHOTO LONGFORM PAPER EDITION PAPER EDITION TODAY'S PAPER JPLUS BALI BUZZ JOBS politics world national city News World Apple said to revive efforts to sell used iPhones in India Saritha Rai Bloomberg Bangalore, India | Mon, February 6, 2017 | 06:05 pm iPhone 5s with Blackberry messenger app for iOS. (Shutterstock/Vdovichenko Denis) Topics iPhone Apple Share this article  share on facebook  share on twitter  share on google plus  share on Linkedin  share on whatsapp  comment  share on email share this article follow Us    Apple Said to Revive Efforts to Sell Used iPhones in India published Feb 6th 2017, 5:39 pm, by Saritha Rai (Bloomberg) -- Apple Inc. has put back on the table a request to sell used iPhones in India as it negotiates with the government for concessions to start production in the country, a person familiar with the matter said. The company has asked to bring in used iPhones to be refurbished and sold in India, saying it will have the manufacturing infrastructure needed to make them compliant with quality standards, said the person, who asked not to be named as the matter is private. The request is included in a list of concessions submitted by Apple to a panel of government officials that includes a 15-year tax holiday, the person said. Apple’s last attempt at such a license was met with resistance as industry executives and government ministries cited risks such a move would open the floodgates to used electronics and undermine the ‘Make in India’ program to encourage local manufacturing. The world’s most valuable company is exerting its brand influence at the negotiating table as pre-owned devices will be cheaper and target the price-sensitive market. Apple didn’t immediately comment to a Bloomberg question on seeking permission to bring in and sell pre-owned iPhones. (Read also: Apple sales beat estimates on demand for latest iPhones) If permission is granted, the iPhone maker will become the first company allowed to import and sell used electronics in the country. Apple sold just 2.5 million phones last year, about 2 percent of the market, and a fraction of the 750 million smartphones are estimated to be sold by 2020. Samsung Electronics Co. is the biggest selling brand in the country but Chinese vendors Oppo, Vivo and Xiaomi are also winning significant market share. Apple’s latest request comes as it dangles the prospect of setting up large-scale manufacturing in India. Last week, a regional minister said the company will start assembling iPhones in a facility of its partner Wistron Corp in Bangalore by the end of April. Apple has told officials that its certified pre-owned program would meet environmental and quality requirements and also be open for third party-audits and checks, the person familiar said. (dan) You might also like : Jambi Police heighten security ahead of elections Urban farms could accommodate street children: Sandiaga Kendeng farmers blockade cement factory Tight race in Jakarta may trigger vote-buying: ICW most viewed most shared Jakartans from Wonogiri asked to avoid Feb. 11 rally Children among 12 killed in Bali landslides Indonesia aims to root out bigotry in schools, mosques Agus likely defeated in first round, poll shows Evictees take up hard stance against Ahok in election Supporters get lively during commercial break Indonesian fictional hero Wiro Sableng goes Hollywood Agus camp optimistic despite drop in popularity Indonesian haj victims feel abandoned by Saudi Last debate to show who is most experienced: Djarot follow us       NEWS     JOBS   TRAVEL   LIFE   More Stories SE Asia Asian stocks rally, bonds drop on Trump tax pledge: Markets wrap Academia Eesha Muneeb Senior specialist, oil price assessments of S&P Global Platts Initial performance of OPEC deal will set tone Life Six elegant jewelry gift ideas for him and her Travel 24 cruise ships slated to visit Lombok throughout 2017 TRY A DIGITAL SUBSCRIPTION Subscribe to our Newspaper Join the discussions Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. NEWS BUSINESS POLITICS WORLD NATIONAL CITY PAPER EDITION TODAY'S PAPER ACADEMIA INTERVIEW OPINION TRAVEL NEWS DESTINATIONS MULTIMEDIA VIDEO PHOTO LONGFORM LIFE LIFESTYLE ENTERTAINMENT ART & CULTURE TECHNOLOGY PEOPLE HEALTH PARENTS BOOKS SOUTHEAST ASIA JOBS COMMUNITY YOUTH News     TRAVEL   Jobs   Our partners kompas.com tribunnews.com kontan.co.id Asia News Network Catch Asia! Media Network About Cyber Media Guidelines Contact Advertise Paper Subscription © 2017 PT. Niskala Media Tenggara
News Election 2016 Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Lifestyle Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news US election Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. News Business Business Comment Silicon Valley shows when it's OK for business to get involved in politics As Democrats on Capitol Hill approve Trump's cabinet nominees, some of America's biggest tech companies have filed an impassioned legal brief against the President's controversial policy James Moore @JimMooreJourno Monday 6 February 2017 11:07 GMT Click to follow The Independent Online The late Steve Jobs, son of an immigrant to the US and co-founder of Apple Getty The headquarters of the opposition to President Donald Trump has, it seems, relocated from Washington DC to Silicon Valley.  To the fury of American progressives, Democratic Senators have been tamely waving through most of Donald Trump’s cabinet nominees (three have backed every one of them to date). Some have talked about working with the new administration.  In the absence of anything resembling a spine from the official opposition in Washington DC, America’s tech giants have stepped up, alongside the right’s more traditional foes in the arts and entertainment world, to fiercely oppose the President's deeply divisive immigration policies. Read more Silicon Valley hits back on Donald Trump's refugee ban Silicon Valley billionaires buy bunkers preparing for the apocalypse Silicon Valley tech workers pledge not to build Trump Muslim registry Nearly 100 American companies have filed an impassioned legal brief condemning President Donald Trump’s executive order barring entry to the citizens from seven Muslim majority countries.  Among them are some of the biggest names in tech: Apple, Google owner Alphabet, Netflix, Snap, Uber, Lyft, and so on.  “Immigrants make many of the Nation’s greatest discoveries, and create some of the country’s most innovative and iconic companies,” it states. Notably Apple, which, as has been much discussed, was co-founded by the son of a Syrian immigrant in the form of the late Steve Jobs.  The brief pays due regard to the “importance of protecting ourselves against those who would do us harm” but stresses “maintaining our fundamental commitment to welcoming immigrants” while so doing. We are told that an open letter to Mr Trump is also planned. Meanwhile Uber’s Travis Kalanick had to withdraw from a role advising the President under pressure from his own staff, while Amazon is being pressed to stop advertising on Trump cheerleader site Breitbart. Business superstar Elon Musk, another Presidential advisor, had to defend his role on Twitter over the weekend, arguing that the President needed to hear from moderate voices.  Money has, meanwhile, flowed from the Valley’s employees to the American Civil Liberties Union, among other progressive causes.  Now, there is a degree of enlightened self interest at work in this Silicon salvo. The Valley relies upon clever coders, and a lot of them come from overseas. If President Trump’s policies restrict the supply of them then its businesses will be put at risk. It is also in the interests of the technology industry's big guns to keep the clever coders already employed happy. As a rule, they lean liberal, and are entirely comfortable with the diversity they see around them. Lots of them would like to think their employers share their values.  However, there is such a thing as measured opposition, something more commonly found among big companies, and then there is what the tech giants have done, which is rather more substantive. There is the sedate expression of mild disapproval while quietly cheering plans to cut taxes. And there is putting the corporate name on a legal brief, and the CEO's name to a (presumably strongly worded) letter.  Some might say it is unfair to juxtapose corporate opposition to a divisive immigration policy against cabinet confirmation hearings, but latter has been tame, the former, fierce.  Business picture of the day 32 show all Business picture of the day 1/32 Lettuce crisis hits those who love it most: hungry British sea turtles - Friday February 10 The UK’s vegetable crisis has not only gripped the country’s supermarkets and healthy eaters, but also a bale of 12 hungry green sea turtles in aquariums across the country. Eight aquariums run by the company Sea Life are calling on visitors to spare lettuce or broccoli for their shelled inhabitants who, as a result of a shortage of some vegetables in the UK, are missing out on their favourite meals. GREG WOOD/AFP/Getty Images 2/32 Tim Cook met Theresa May and said the UK would be 'just fine' post Brexit - Thursday February 9 The chief executive of Apple has told Prime Minister Theresa May that he is “very optimistic” about the UK’s future outside of the European Union. Tim Cook met Ms May at Downing Street on Thursday morning and reiterated the tech giant's plans to build a new UK headquarters at the Battersea Power Station as proof of the company's support of the UK. BERND THISSEN/AFP/Getty Images 3/32 Brexit: Bank of England upgrades growth forecasts but still expects UK economy to be hit - Thursday Ferbruary 2 The Bank of England has dramatically upgraded its growth forecast for this year but stressed that households will still experience a major squeeze on incomes due to rising inflation. In its latest Inflation Report, the Bank upgraded its 2017 GDP growth forecast to 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent in November. The revision is certain to be seized upon by Brexiteers as evidence that the economy will not suffer from leaving the European Union and that previous economic warnings from the Bank have now been exposed as scaremongering. Yet the Bank’s forecasts continue to project a growth slowdown in 2018 and 2019, with GDP expected to expand by 1.6 per cent and 1.7 per cent in those years. Getty 4/32 Founder of Morrisons supermarkets dies at the age of 85 Sir Ken Morrison, the founder of supermarket chain of Morrisons, who was instrumental in growing the company into one of Britain’s leading retailers, has died at the age of 85 Rex 5/32 Boohoo staff can get fired 'for smiling' - Monday January 30 Employers working for online fashion retailer Boohoo.com risk getting fired for smiling or checking their mobile phones, an investigation by Channel 4 has found. The investigation comes after online fashion retailer Asos was accused last year of exploitative working practises with staff reportedly unable to take regular water and toilet breaks for fears of missing targets. The company denied those allegations. Getty Images 6/32 Tesco to buy wholesaler Booker in £3.7bn deal to create 'UK's leading food business' - Friday January 27 Britain's biggest retailer announced that it was merging with Booker, the UK's top food wholesaler, in a £3.7bn deal. In a joint statement, the two companies said that the combined group would bring benefits for consumers, independent retailers, caterers, small businesses, suppliers, and colleagues, and deliver “significant value to shareholders”. Tesco 7/32 Tobacco giant Imperial Brands scraps chief executive pay rise - Thursday January 26 The chief executive of Imperial Brands, the maker of Gauloises and Winston cigarettes, is unlikely to get a pay rise this year in what seems to be another battle over boardroom greed. Alison Cooper received a total pay package of £5.5m in the last financial year, up from £3.6m the year before. ADVERTISING inRead invented by Teads READ MORE Link between high executive pay and performance ‘negligible’ A new pay policy that would have had the effect of taking Ms Cooper’s remuneration to £8.5m in 2017 was expected to be put to a shareholders’ vote on 1 February. However, in an announcement to the stock exchange on Thursday, Imperial Brands said it would not put the policy to a vote as originally planned. Rex 8/32 The Dow Jones Industrial Average has just reached 20,000 points for the first time ever - Wednesday January 25 Wall Street's Dow Jones Industrial Average stock index on Wednesday hit the 20,000 mark for the first time in its history. In morning trading in the US, the index added around 0.5 percent to surpass the psychologically important threshold and take its gains since this time last year to 23.8 per cent according to Thomson Reuters data. Thomson Reuters Eikon 9/32 HSBC to close 62 high street branches in 2017 resulting in up to 180 job cuts - Tuesday January 24 HSBC plans to close 62 branches this year, resulting in up to 180 job losses, in response to the rising popularity of online and mobile banking, the bank announced on Tuesday. In a statement, HSBC said that over the past five years, the number of customers using HSBC branches had fallen by almost 40 per cent and 93 per cent of customers’ contact with the bank is now done on the telephone, internet or via smartphone. A total of 97 per cent of cash withdrawals are made via an ATM. Getty Images 10/32 Theresa May criticised by top economists for trying to ‘have her cake and eat it' with Brexit - Wednesday January 18 Top economists and strategists have warned that Theresa May’s vision of Brexit lacks credibility and clarity, a day after the Prime Minister delivered an agenda-setting speech on Britain’s future outside the EU. In her speech in London on Tuesday, Ms May confirmed that Britain will leave the EU’s single market to regain control of immigration policy and said that she wants to renegotiate the UK’s customs agreement and seek a transition period to phase in changes all while remaining a “best friend” to the bloc. Getty 11/32 Fiat loses $2.3bn in stock value plunge after diesel emissions accusation - Thursday January 12 Shares in Fiat Chrysler plunged on Thursday after US authorities said that the carmaker had violated the Clean Air Act by allowing excess diesel emissions in some vehicles. The US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) accused the company of using software that allowed excess diesel emissions in just over 100,000 US trucks and SUVs sold since 2014. READ MORE Six senior Volkswagen employees charged over emissions scandal Shares listed in Europe were recently trading around 18 per cent lower on the day. Shares in the US fell 16 per cent before being halted from trading, wiping $2.3bn (£1.88bn) off the company's market value. 12/32 Rising inequality behind Brexit and Trump victory is top global threat for the next decade, says WEF - Wednesday January 11 A rise in global income inequality, that already helped spur the Brexit vote and Donald Trump’s election victory, are expected to shape world developments over the next decade, according to the World Economic Forum. For a report published ahead of its annual summit in Davos next week, the WEF surveyed 750 risk experts and found that rising income and wealth disparity were cited as the most important trends in determining global developments over the next 10 years. Getty 13/32 Mayor Sadiq Khan axes new Routemaster bus from the streets of London - Friday January 6 London Mayor Sadiq Khan has ended any hopes to purchase new Routemasters bus for the capital's streets as he tries to balance the books on London's transport budget. Once called 'Boris buses' named after his the previous mayor, every bus would cost around £350,000 each, or around £50,000 more than an ordinary bus. But the new mayor has promised to freeze purchases of the vehicles, which were criticised for being expensive and sauna-like conditions. Getty Images 14/32 FTSE closes 2015 at record high - Friday December 31 Britain’s blue chip FTSE 100 set a new record on the last day of trading of 2016 after climbing to record closing highs for two consecutive days. The blue-chip index gained 22 points or 0.3 per cent, to finish at 7142 points on Friday, its third closing high in as many days and a new intraday high. AP 15/32 Hatton Garden: London’s famous diamond quarter under threat from Brexit and rent hikes - Thursday December 29 London’s world famous jewellery quarter could face extinction due to soaring business rates, rent rises and the aftermath of Brexit. Hatton Garden was the centre of the world's diamond market, but traders are fighting to bring back the glory days, as they are squeezed by rising rents and the uncertainty created by the UK vote to leave the EU. Reuters 16/32 World's oldest bank Monte dei Paschi di Siena on brink of £17bn Italian state bailout - Thursday December 22 The world’s oldest bank, Monte dei Paschi di Siena, is poised for a multi-billion state bailout after it admitted on Wednesday that a private rescue plan was unlikely to succeed. The Italian parliament looks set to step in to save Monte dei Paschi di Siena, recently judged the weakest of the European Union's major banks, over the next few days using a new €20bn (£17bn) rescue fund designed to prop up Italy's struggling lenders. Getty Images 17/32 NHS overcharged by 12,000% for hydrocortisone tablets by drug company Actavis, CMA claims - Friday December 16 Pharmaceutical company Actavis has been accused of overcharging the NHS by raising the price of hydrocortisone tablets by more than 12,000 per cent over the course of eight years. Hydrocortisone tablets are used by people with adrenal insufficiency, a life-threatening condition where their adrenal glands do not produce enough natural steroid hormones. AFP/Getty 18/32 Solar power becoming world's cheapest form of electricity production - Thursday December 15 Solar power is becoming the cheapest way to generate electricity, according to leading analysts. Data produced by Bloomberg New Energy Finance (BNEF) showed the cost of solar in 58 lower-income countries – including China, Brazil and India – had fallen to about a third of levels in 2010 and was now slightly cheaper than wind energy. Jungle Herbs & Spices/Facebook 19/32 Italy’s largest bank Unicredit plans to slash 14,000 jobs over next two years - Tuesday December 13 Getty 20/32 Donald Trump knocks $3.5bn off Lockheed Martin market value with one tweet - Monday December 12 Barely a week after taking shots at Boeing, Donald Trump took aim at Lockheed Martin's F-35 fighter jet programme, saying the cost was "out of control".Following the tweet on Monday morning, shares of the aerospace company plunged by more than 4 per cent in early trade. Based on the number of shares outstanding, the tweet has shaved just over $3.5bn from Lockheed's market value. Getty 21/32 Brexit: Banks in 'advanced talks' over mass move to Paris, says French regulator - Thursday December 8 Leading international UK-based banks are in advanced stages of planning to shift operations to Paris as London braces for the impact of Brexit, France's chief financial regulator has said. Paris is among a number of European cities seeking to woo firms considering a move away from London to maintain their access to EU markets, and faces competition from Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg, among others. Reuters 22/32 Pfizer fined record £84.2m for overcharging NHS 2600% -Wednesday December 7 Drug firms Pfizer and Flynn Pharma have been fined nearly £90m by the UK’s competition watchdog for “unfair” pricing to the NHS after hiking up the cost of an anti-epilepsy drug by up to 2,600 per cent. The Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) said these “extraordinary price rises” have costs taxpayers “tens of millions of pounds”. Getty 23/32 Prime Minister Theresa May visits constituency ahead of Small Business Saturday - Friday December2 The prime minister, Theresa May, visits butcher J&S Rook in her constituency of Maidenhead, ahead of Small Business Saturday Stefan Wermuth PA Wire/PA Images 24/32 Oil prices soar as Opec countries agree first oil output cut in eight years - Wednesday November 30 Opec countries have agreed their first supply cut in eight years, sending the price of crude surging more than 8%. 25/32 Stores far from overwhelmed as Black Friday sales begins - November 25 People stream into the Apple store on 5th Avenue on Black Friday in New York . Crowds were thin at U.S. malls and stores on Black Friday morning, formerly the traditional start of the holiday shopping season, with stores opening earlier and online sales expected to take the biggest share of gains in retail sales over last year. In the New York and Chicago areas, shoppers said stores were less busy than previous years on the day after the Thanksgiving holiday. The pictures similar in the UK the action has shifted from high street stores to become a predominantly online event Reuters 26/32 Nintendo shares jump after it announces the launch date for Super Mario Run - Wednesday 16 November The hugely anticipated game is an attempt to capitalise on the smartphone gaming market after the phenomenal success of Pokemon Go. Getty 27/32 Pound rises as High Court rules against Theresa May triggering Article 50 without Parliament - Thursday November 3 The pound has risen against all of its major peers on Thursday after the Government announced it cannot trigger Article 50 without parliament approval and the Bank of England said it is no longer expecting to cut interest rates this year. 28/32 Heathrow third runway poses ‘serious obstacle’ to fight against climate change - Tuesday October 25 Environmental groups expressed dismay at the Government’s decision to give a third runway at the airport the go-ahead – and Greenpeace vowed to challenge it in the courts. Allowing Heathrow to expand will create “a serious obstacle” to meeting the UK’s commitments on climate change and reducing air pollution, a leading scientist has warned. Reclaim the Power 29/32 Nearly 10,000 people in China apply for one job - Monday October 24 Nearly ten thousands Chinese jobseekers are competing for one position: an officer worker at a political organisation.China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Job seekers registering for the civil exams are required to pick the positions they are most interested in when they sign up for the test but one job was more popular than others. China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Reuters 30/32 Price of wine set to soar as production nears 20-year low - Friday 21 October Vineyard manager Antonio Navarro looks at grapes ready to be harvested at the Casa Bianchi vineyard in San Rafael Reuters 31/32 Banks consider ‘moving London staff to Luxembourg to get access to EU’ - Wednesday 19 October The head of financial development for Luxembourg said a string of overseas banks and fund managers had explored moving London staff to the tiny country since the Brexit vote. Nicolas Mackel said there had been “strong interest” from US and other non-EU firms assessing their options since June’s referendum. Rex 32/32 At this point, a cynic might suggest that, in taking on the role of opposition leaders, these big companies are simply cutting out the middle men and women, who rely on their largesse to get into office and then act as their proxies. Silicon Valley's leaders may also realise that Mr Trump needs them, and the contribution they make to the US economy. Still, what they have done matters. As a general rule, businesses should stay out of politics. But in a dangerous time, and with a very dangerous man in the White House, any and all such salvos are to be welcomed, particularly at a time when the official opposition is so weak.  Coming from a country that has also taken the wrong fork, and where the opposition is similarly befuddled, it's heartening to see.  More about: Apple Google Uber Steve Jobs Silicon Valley Donald Trump America President Muslim ban Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iPad Air 2 iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS Sierra tvOS 10 watchOS 3 Buyer's Guide Forums iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air Apple VR Project iMac iPad Air 2 Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > Apple Hits Out At Australian Banks For 'Trojan Horse' Argument Over Mobile Payment System Access Monday February 6, 2017 3:21 AM PST by Tim Hardwick Apple has fired the latest salvo in its continuing battle with Australia's banks over the future of mobile payments, accusing the industry of continually trying to obstruct the expansion of Apple Pay into the country (via Bloomberg). In a submission to the Australian Competition and Consumer Commission (ACCC) published on Monday, Apple said the banks' attempts to delay or even block the expansion of Apple Pay was damaging to consumers and smaller card issuers who could use the system "as a means of securing a digital presence in competition with the big banks". In July of last year, Commonwealth Bank, Westpac, National Australia Bank (NAB), and Bendigo and Adelaide Bank sought to enter into group talks with Apple to negotiate access to the NFC hardware in the iPhone so they could offer their own mobile payments services using the iPhone's NFC chip. Apple argued that giving the banks such access would "undermine the security and simplicity" of its system. The ACCC later drafted a ruling that refused to grant the banks permission to negotiate collectively. In its latest submission to the ACCC, Apple argued that the banks' argument over access to the iPhone's NFC chip was a "Trojan horse" and that their wish to have the ability to charge consumers for using Apple Pay was "logically inconsistent", given that competition from other issuers like ANZ who do not charge for using Apple Pay would prevent them from doing so. "Perhaps the explanation might be that this is perceived by the applicant banks as a way of introducing and then proliferating a new revenue stream in the digital payments age. It may well be that the applicant banks have taken the view that customers may be more willing to pay fees to use Apple Pay because of the ease and security of using Apple Pay and, on that basis, see an opportunity to introduce and condition the market to transaction fees for the use of Apple Pay, with the longer term view to setting a precedent for charging for mobile payments on other digital wallets, in the future, including the banks’ own proprietary wallets."The banks responded later on Monday with a statement claiming Apple's interpretation was wrong: The application has never been about preventing Apple Pay from coming to Australia or reducing competition between wallets. It has always been about providing real choice and real competition for consumers and facilitating innovation and investment in the digital wallet functionality available to Australians. Apple's statement that the application is fundamentally about an objection to the fees that Apple wish to be given rather than NFC access, is incorrect and unsupported.According to the banks, the applicants will soon provide a response to the ACCC's draft decision that would further demonstrate the net public benefits of the application. Related Roundup: Apple Pay Tag: Australia 28 comments Top Rated Comments (View all) barefootman 5 days ago at 03:33 am Banks in Australia are notoriously greedy. They make billions in profits every year and will squeeze every last cent out of you if you let them. It's hardly surprising that the federal opposition wants to introduce a Royal Commission into the banking industry. Rating: 5 Votes Macyourdayy 5 days ago at 04:31 am I hate the banks with a passion, but since when was making a profit illegal or cause for calling a royal commission, really? If the Oz banks weren't profitable Australia would've been in a pile of crap during the GFC. This call for a royal commission is just a smokescreen for Billy Shortonbrains to detract from his illegal involvements with corrupt unions. We would have been in the same toilet as the rest of the world if the banks got their wishes to decrease fiduciary controls on their activities like in the US, never mind they tried to restrict credit access to the general population "because of the GFC". I'm just amazed that ANZ broke ranks and ran with Apple Pay. This has to give them increasing competitive advantage the longer the other ass clowns keep stamping their feet. I was considering moving back to ConnBank since the incompetent pricks at Westpac infected St George with their money grubbing, anti-customer arrogance, but I'll stick with ANZ for my credit cards and keep amazing the young people every time I Apple Pay. [doublepost=1486384861][/doublepost] You'll get no argument from your fellow Australians on our banks being notoriously greedy. However so too is Apple Australia. For decades they have gorged Australian consumers, all the while cooking the books so that they pay no tax in Australia. At least the banks pay tax. I've got no sympathy for either side. They're both greedy arseholes. You mean like all the other multi nationals? Why still go on about the cost of Apple products? When you factor in the "value" of the pacific peso and GST, it's about the same as US prices and they don't show tax. Besides, what's your time worth if you have to battle cheap, but unreliable tools? Rating: 4 Votes Kroo 5 days ago at 03:43 am ANZ have absolutely no issue with providing Apple Pay. The others are greedy turds who still allow unsecured payments like tap and go to continue, leaving a gaping hole in their argument about providing competition to Apple Pay. HOW, when they don't care about the hundreds of millions of dollars that get ripped off the customers already? Remember that the customer pays for this fraud in the fees they pay, not the banks. A note to Westpac, you can stick your accounts where the sun don't shine, I'm moving to ANZ. I hope your CEO chokes on their $2 mil bonus this year for holding your clients up for ransom. Rating: 4 Votes Russel Coit 5 days ago at 04:21 am Banks in Australia are notoriously greedy. They make billions in profits every year and will squeeze every last cent out of you if you let them. It's hardly surprising that the federal opposition wants to introduce a Royal Commission into the banking industry. You'll get no argument from your fellow Australians on our banks being notoriously greedy. However so too is Apple Australia. For decades they have gorged Australian consumers, all the while cooking the books so that they pay no tax in Australia. At least the banks pay tax. I've got no sympathy for either side. They're both greedy arseholes. Rating: 3 Votes abhibeckert 4 days ago at 01:57 pm I love how the banks have access to Android Pay and have basically done f-all with it more than you can do with Apple Pay. The banks are pissed that they don't have access to the data and marketing to of Apple customers as they spend a lot more than Android. If the banks want to prove they need access to NFC, why don't they do something to Android that proves customers actually want something not available on Apple first? Commbank's Android app has had NFC for almost 2 years. Instead of storing payment credentials in dedicated secure hardware in the phone (how Apple Pay works), Commbank's Android app stores your card in the cloud, which means when you want to make a payment: * unlock your phone * launch the app * tap the "tap and pay" button * enter your PIN number * wait for it to download your payment credentials from the cloud * hold your phone over the contactless payment terminal Once that's done, payment credentials are deleted from the phone, since that's not a secure place to keep them. It's a mess and almost nobody uses it. [doublepost=1486418808][/doublepost] I love unambiguous talk! Note to self: if/when I move to your glorious continent, I'll deal with ANZ, lol ANZ is the only major bank (they control around a trillion dollars in assets) that supports Apple Pay in Australia. There are several dozen smaller banks that also support Apple Pay. Personally I use CUA, they're a "small" bank (assets around 10 billion dollars), but large enough to have branches in every city nationwide and just as many ATMs/etc as the major banks. Btw, you're right on about those banking fees. I remember a time when all those fees hardly existed and banks made their money mostly off investing depositor's funds. Which is why I use CUA. They only have two fees - interest if I had a loan with them (I don't) and a limit to how many free transactions can be made make each week. The free transaction limit depends on your account balance. My (very modest) savings account is with CUA and that's enough to ogive me unlimited free transactions. When I didn't have my savings with them, I was only paying around $2 per month on transaction fees. Rating: 3 Votes djcerla 5 days ago at 04:50 am Get over it Australian banks and offer the customer what we want and that is Apple Pay, stop being greedy!! it's not greed at all, they're just scared to death. Rating: 2 Votes therockyroad 5 days ago at 05:50 am At this rate I'll probably get the NBN ('https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/National_Broadband_Network') first amazingly. Rating: 2 Votes Apple4everr 5 days ago at 03:46 am Get over it Australian banks and offer the customer what we want and that is Apple Pay, stop being greedy!! Rating: 2 Votes Juiceboy 4 days ago at 07:02 pm I'm so glad i'm with ANZ. Apple pay is so damn fun to use. Everyone still goes wow anytime i use the watch Rating: 2 Votes Jakexb 5 days ago at 07:49 am Didn't the banks get smacked down by the courts for this? If they want to have access to hardware, then they need to build their own hardware. But you can't just whine about how someone else built a successful product and won't let you use it for free. Rating: 1 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming iMac Early 2017 Updated models with AMD graphics options expected in early 2017. iPad Pro Early 2017? New ~10.5-inch model with nearly bezel-free design rumored. MacBook Q2 2017 Faster Kaby Lake processors and up to 16 GB of RAM expected in second quarter 2017. iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 Front Page Stories Hands-On With Apple's New BeatsX Earphones 10 hours ago on Front Page Apple's long-awaited BeatsX Earphones became available for purchase this morning, giving Apple customers an alternative to the hard-to-find AirPods. Priced at $149.95, BeatsX Earphones... 60 comments Tim Cook Thinks Augmented Reality is a 'Huge' Idea Like Smartphones 12 hours ago on Front Page Apple CEO Tim Cook has been on a whirlwind of a trip in Europe this week, making stops in France, Germany, and the United Kingdom to meet with everyone from students and developers to Apple retail... 59 comments Apple's Jennifer Bailey Says Customers Are Willing to Switch Banks to Use Apple Pay 14 hours ago on Front Page Apple Pay vice president Jennifer Bailey believes that Apple Pay is valuable enough that "customers will say they are happy to switch banks to use it." Bailey claims Australians are... 153 comments Matte Black iPhone 7 Users Complain About Chipped, Peeling Paint 15 hours ago on Front Page A number of customers who purchased the matte Black iPhone 7 or iPhone 7 Plus have noticed that the anodized finish on their devices has started chipping or peeling off in areas where there has... 237 comments iPhone 8 Said to Feature Iris Scanner to Authenticate With Your Eyes 19 hours ago on Front Page Apple is widely rumored to launch a high-end iPhone with an edge-to-edge OLED display this year, which has been variously called the "iPhone 8" or "iPhone X" to commemorate the... 261 comments BeatsX Earphones Launch on Apple Store for $150 23 hours ago on Front Page Apple today officially launched its much-anticipated BeatsX Earphones on its online store for $149.95, after initially delaying the earphones from Fall 2016 and into February 2017. With the delay... 192 comments Apple Delays Sales of UltraFine 5K Display as LG Works on Shielding Fix 1 day ago on Front Page As LG works on a fix for a Wi-Fi router issue plaguing its UltraFine 27-inch 5K Display, Apple has delayed shipments for the accessory and removed in store pickup options. New orders for the LG... 104 comments iCloud Was Storing Deleted Safari Browser History for Months, but Apple Fixed the Issue 2 days ago on Front Page When clearing Safari browser history, iPhone and iPad users expect all records to be permanently deleted from their devices, but it appears Apple's cross-device browser syncing feature caused... 128 comments • All Three New 2017 iPhones to Feature Wireless Charging (298) • 12.9-Inch iPad Pro in Short Supply Ahead of Rumored March Update (96) • The 2017 iPhone Could Cost Upwards of $1,000 (658) • Google Debuts Android Wear 2.0 Alongside Two New LG Smart Watches (106) • T-Mobile and Verizon Are Basically Tied in Network Speeds and So-Called 'Availability' (169) • Apple Hires Amazon Fire TV Head to Spearhead Apple TV Business (86) • Tim Cook Visits 'Kitchen Stories' Developers and Furniture Maker Dula on German Trip (50)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Husain Sumra Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade Winding the Clocks Back to 'Pocket God' - The TouchArcade Show #294 TouchArcade Needs Your Help - Tell Your Friends and Support Our Patreon TouchArcade Game of the Week: 'Postknight' 'Gravity Galaxy' Looks Like a Fun Orbital Action-Puzzle Game 'Wobblers' Is a Unique High Score Chaser From the Developer of 'Down the Mountain' 'Feudal Feud' Is a Promising Multiplayer Diplomacy/Conquest Game AppShopper Apple Announces New iPhone 6s with 3D Touch Apple Announces iPad Pro with 12.9-inch Retina Display Apple Announces iOS 9, Bringing Split-Screen Multi-tasking to iPad Apple Announces Mac OS X 10.11 'El Capitan' Apple Watch Pre-Orders to Open on April 10, Available Starting on April 24 Apple Announces New 12-inch MacBook with Retina Display Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
e-paper India Follow us: Today in New Delhi, India Feb 10, 2017-Friday -°C New Delhi Humidity - Wind - select city Metro cities - Delhi Mumbai Chennai Kolkata Other cities - Noida Gurgaon Bengaluru Hyderabad Bhopal Chandigarh Dehradun Indore Jaipur Lucknow Patna Ranchi Powered by Close india world cities opinion cricket sports entertainment lifestyle tech education whatnow photos videos Livemint Livehindustan Shine HTcampus Mycollegesabroad Desimartini Forget Xiaomi! Oppo might be the next Apple, at least in China tech Updated: Feb 06, 2017 16:53 IST HT Correspondent Hindustan Times Xiaomi wanted to earn the moniker “Apple of China” but Oppo seems to be sitting at the top with the title in grasp. Chinese handset-maker Oppo might be out there to prove a point -- a brand that started recently is giving big brands such as Apple, Huawei and Samsungs of the world a run for their money. Don’t believe us? Then we will let market research firm International Data Corporation’s quarterly mobile tracker report speak for us. According to the latest IDC Quarterly Mobile Phone Tracker for China, the smartphone market in China saw a 19% year on year (y-o-y) growth and 17% quarter on quarter (q-o-q) growth in the last quarter of 2016. This period also saw little-known phone-maker, Oppo, hurtling to the top spot for the first time just beating its sister company Vivo and bigger rival Huawei. Apple and Xiaomi, two massive names, meanwhile, posted their first annual shipment declines. Read: Oppo A57, selfie smartphone, priced at Rs 14,990 to go on sale today Guangzhou-based BBK owns both Oppo and Vivo and both these companies are also fighting for market share in markets like India. According to IDC, the secret sauce of their strategy seems to be the adaptation of newer technologies at low cost and aggresive marketing techniques along with carefully planned sales strategy. Read: Gadget review: Oppo Joy 3 A11W It’s sleek, light and fast IDC’s report shows that Oppo’s annual sales in China were up to 78.4 million, up 122 percent year-on-year, first on the list, while Vivo sat slightly lower in third with 69.2 million shipments, up 97 percent. Sandwiched between the two is Huawei, with 76.6 million shipments. Apple and Xiaomi round out the top five. According to IDC, Oppo and Vivo combined account for nearly one-third of the Chinese smartphone market, which is the world’s largest based on sales. Read: Xiaomi slips over lack of innovation as Oppo, Vivo lead in China: Report The report also shows that for the full year of 2016, the market grew by 9% with top Chinese smartphone vendors taking up a larger share of the market. The 4 Chinese vendors in the top five were the same in 2015, and their share grew from 46% in 2015 to 57% in 2016. This shows the growing local acceptance of Chinese vendors in its home country with the improvement in product features and better marketing messages seen in the past year. Read: Tech review: Oppo F1 ‘Selfie Expert’ “Increased dependence on mobile apps has led to consumers to seek phone upgrades, thus helping drive the large growth in 2016Q4. In lower tiered cities, there was a similar demand by consumers, which OPPO and vivo met by aggressively pushing mid-range smartphones in these cities,” says Tay X iaohan, senior market analyst with IDC Asia/Pacific’s Client Devices team. tags Oppo Vivo Huawei smartphones Samsung more from tech Waiting for Nokia’s return? You might be able to buy a handset without a flash sale in India Feb 09, 2017 17:11 IST Xiaomi looks to ramp up offline distribution Feb 09, 2017 16:28 IST Recommended for you Presenting sponsor co-sponsor partner India World Business Education Autos Real estate Opinion Analysis Columns Editorials Blogs Authors Cities Delhi Gurgaon Noida Mumbai Bhopal Chandigarh Dehradun Indore Jaipur Kolkata Lucknow Patna Ranchi Sports Cricket Football Tennis Others Entertainment Movie reviews Bollywood Hollywood Regional movies World cinema TV Music Tabloid Lifestyle Sex & relationship Health & fitness Fashion & trends Art & culture Travel Books Brunch Tech Tech Reviews Gadgets Photos Videos Epaper HT Indepth Punjab Livemint Livehindustan Shine HTcampus Desimartini HTsyndication Follow us on: Newsletter Register with Hindustan Times to get best news and articles Copyright © HT Media Limited All rights reserved. About us Contact us Privacy policy Disclaimer Print Ad rates Jobs Yamunanagar school lacks LPG, teachers, proper toilets, water Feb 10, 2017 12:20 IST Quota agitation: Five-member govt panel invites all Jat groups for talks Feb 10, 2017 11:57 IST Restrictions imposed to prevent separatist-called protest march in Srinagar Feb 10, 2017 11:50 IST Kashmir unrest: Girl with bullet injury paralysed, CMO promises help Feb 10, 2017 12:00 IST RJD leader Raghuvansh needles Bihar govt on BSSC paper leak Feb 10, 2017 11:25 IST SC declines to urgently hear plea restraining Sasikala from becoming CM Feb 10, 2017 11:43 IST Delhi HC to hear habeas corpus plea by wife of BSF soldier Tej Bahadur Yadav Feb 10, 2017 10:57 IST Canadian PM Trudeau to visit Donald Trump in Washington on Monday Feb 10, 2017 12:33 IST Politicians in contact with me, third force to emerge soon in Pak: Musharraf Feb 10, 2017 12:13 IST Watch | Want the hottest cut of them all? This Palestinian barber lights hair on... Feb 10, 2017 11:48 IST Beyond The Clouds: Poster for Shahid Kapoor’s brother Ishaan’s debut film out Feb 10, 2017 11:37 IST US, China military aircraft fly within 1,000 feet of each other over South China... Feb 10, 2017 11:23 IST For Donald Trump, a solitary start to life in the White House Feb 10, 2017 11:18 IST Trump backs ’one China’ policy in call with China’s Xi: Report Feb 10, 2017 10:26 IST delhi gurgaon noida mumbai bhopal chandigarh dehradun indore jaipur kolkata lucknow patna ranchi HT Kala Ghoda Arts Festival in Mumbai: Decoding a fantastic feature of imagination Feb 10, 2017 12:29 IST BMC polls: Fadnavis to hold 50 rallies in Maharashtra, 10 in Mumbai Feb 10, 2017 12:27 IST Gurgaon: New Haryana code allows four floors in HUDA plotted sectors Feb 10, 2017 12:20 IST Bombay HC halts tree cutting for Metro-3 Feb 10, 2017 11:58 IST Deepak Jog award for investigation set to make a comeback this year Feb 10, 2017 11:48 IST RJD leader Raghuvansh needles Bihar govt on BSSC paper leak Feb 10, 2017 11:25 IST SAD govt plan to float Rs 31k­-crore bonds ploy to hide scam: Sunil Jakhar Feb 10, 2017 11:02 IST MMRDA wants to build control centre for Metro at Aarey Milk Colony Feb 10, 2017 10:56 IST Make budgetary allocation to provide facilities to specially abled: Bombay HC to... Feb 10, 2017 10:54 IST analysis columns editorials blogs authors Casteism and communalism are delegitimising the institutions that have built JNU Feb 10, 2017 12:21 IST Why Gujarat matters in Modi-baiter Kejriwal’s national ambitions Feb 10, 2017 12:14 IST Modi’s ‘raincoat’ comment is a flimsy reason to stall Parliament Feb 09, 2017 23:19 IST The Trump administration wants Americans to feel terrified of the Muslim ‘other’ Feb 09, 2017 18:36 IST BJP must not lean on communal polarisation to reap political benefits in Uttar ... Feb 09, 2017 18:33 IST India vs Bangladesh: Virat Kohli on course for double ton, hosts near 500 Feb 10, 2017 12:14 IST Virat Kohli ‘survives’ strange DRS call by Bangladesh, can’t stop laughing Feb 10, 2017 11:42 IST Pakistan Super League: Islamabad United defeat Peshawari Zalmi in opener Feb 10, 2017 10:42 IST Gautam Gambhir removed as Delhi captain, young Rishabh Pant his successor Feb 10, 2017 09:30 IST Azhar Ali aims for batting revival after resigning as Pakistan ODI captain Feb 10, 2017 09:08 IST football tennis other sports ht gifa India vs Bangladesh: Virat Kohli on course for double ton, hosts near 500 Feb 10, 2017 12:14 IST Virat Kohli ‘survives’ strange DRS call by Bangladesh, can’t stop laughing Feb 10, 2017 11:42 IST Davis Cup quarters: Andy Murray to return to action against France Feb 10, 2017 11:30 IST Diego Maradona given ambassadorial role by new FIFA boss Gianni Infantino Feb 10, 2017 11:13 IST Pakistan Super League: Islamabad United defeat Peshawari Zalmi in opener Feb 10, 2017 10:42 IST movie reviews bollywood hollywood regional movies world cinema tv music tabloid Teddy count: These TV actors own 40-50 soft toys, what’s your score? Feb 10, 2017 12:01 IST Swara Bhaskar hurt on film set, refuses to cancel shoot despite ankle injury Feb 10, 2017 11:46 IST Beyond The Clouds: Poster for Shahid Kapoor’s brother Ishaan’s debut film out Feb 10, 2017 11:37 IST Fifty Shades Darker: No one was expecting good reviews, but it’s getting whipped Feb 10, 2017 11:31 IST Shahid Kapoor and Kangana Ranaut trash feud rumours, promote Rangoon together Feb 10, 2017 11:39 IST sex & relationships health & fitness fashion & trends art & culture travel books more from lifestyle brunch weekend Man of the moment: Ram Sutar Feb 10, 2017 12:18 IST Watch | Want the hottest cut of them all? This Palestinian barber lights hair on... Feb 10, 2017 11:48 IST Easing your partner’s stress actually improves your self-esteem, says study Feb 10, 2017 10:13 IST Underarm fat: Ashamed of your batwings? Here’s how you can get toned arms Feb 10, 2017 09:44 IST Scientists use horror films to understand how brain processes fear, anxiety Feb 10, 2017 09:05 IST Waiting for Nokia’s return? You might be able to buy a handset without a flash sale in India Feb 09, 2017 17:11 IST Xiaomi looks to ramp up offline distribution Feb 09, 2017 16:28 IST Nokia to acquire software firm Comptel for $370 million Feb 09, 2017 15:53 IST Facebook Lite app now has 200 million monthly active users globally: CEO Mark Z... Feb 09, 2017 15:39 IST Return of folding phones? Samsung to launch foldable smartphone at MWC 2017 Feb 09, 2017 15:12 IST Panasonic launches new 4K camera at Rs 94,990 Feb 09, 2017 15:13 IST Not just the Galaxy Note 7: Samsung’s battery factory in China catches fire Feb 09, 2017 14:37 IST Corporal punishments: How schools can teach kids without harsh penalties Feb 10, 2017 08:45 IST WBSSC LDA and LDC Part II Exam 2016: Admit card released, download them here Feb 09, 2017 20:48 IST IIM Bill tabled in Lok Sabha by HRD Minister Prakash Javadekar Feb 09, 2017 17:28 IST IIM Trichy’s PGPM now equivalent to a master’s from an Indian university Feb 09, 2017 16:47 IST Tremendous changes will happen in IT field in five years: Official Feb 09, 2017 15:41 IST As campaigning draws to a close, Uttar Pradesh gears up to vote Feb 09, 2017 19:43 IST Preparations on for the Jallikattu bull-taming event Feb 08, 2017 21:01 IST Jat protests: Clamour for reservation grows Feb 08, 2017 16:31 IST The many colours of Bharat Rang Mahotsav, India’s celebrated... Feb 04, 2017 19:57 IST Pink teddies and EVM glitches: Punjab and Goa vote in large numbers Feb 04, 2017 21:44 IST 49 bull-tamers injured during Jallikattu in Madurai Feb 10, 2017 12:30 IST Congress leaders react to PM Modi’s ‘raincoat’ remark Feb 09, 2017 18:40 IST On the Move: Boatmen of UP grapple for identity Feb 09, 2017 11:28 IST PM Modi: SP is housing goons, women safety in UP is threatened Feb 08, 2017 17:50 IST Violent Cock Fight continues in Sunderbans Feb 08, 2017 16:19 IST business ht-indepth real-estate autos punjab epaper ht-brand stories
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Enterprise IoT more Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Enterprise IoT Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Apple, Google, Microsoft pile in: 97 US tech firms file brief against Trump's travel ban Ninety-seven firms have signed a court brief opposing President Donald Trump's immigration restrictions on seven majority Muslim nations. By Liam Tung | February 6, 2017 -- 10:55 GMT (02:55 PST) | Topic: Tech Industry The tech firms' legal brief argues that President Trump's immigration order is a barrier to US businesses competing globally for talent. Image: Michael F Hiatt/iStock Apple, Google, and Microsoft are among 97 companies backing an amicus brief filed on Sunday denouncing President Donald Trump's executive order on immigration. The brief argues that Trump's order is discriminatory, violates immigration laws, and damages US businesses by preventing them competing globally for talent. Immigrants or their children founded 200 US companies that generate $4.2 trillion in annual revenues, the brief highlights, among them Apple, AT&T, and Google, as well as Ford, General Electric, McDonald's, Boeing, and Disney. Edward Snowden: Don't fear Trump, fear the surveillance state The NSA whistleblower spoke for the first time since Trump's election victory. Read More The amicus brief is in support of a suit by Minnesota and Washington challenging Trump's immigration order. The Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals over the weekend declined to reinstate restrictions affecting seven predominantly Muslim nations after District Judge James Robart on Friday issued a temporary lift on it. Trump urged the public to blame the courts for endangering the country. "The opinion of this so-called judge, which essentially takes law-enforcement away from our country, is ridiculous and will be overturned," he wrote in a tweet. "Just cannot believe a judge would put our country in such peril. If something happens blame him and court system. People pouring in. Bad." According to Bloomberg, the 97 companies had intended to file a brief later this week but pushed it forward after other legal challenges to the Trump's order. The companies behind the brief include: Apple, Airbnb, Box, Citrix, Dropbox, eBay, Facebook, Google, Intel, LinkedIn, Microsoft, Mozilla, Netflix, PayPal, Reddit, Salesforce, Snap, Spotify, Twitter, Uber, Wikimedia Foundation, Yelp, and Zynga. The tech industry, which relies heavily on free movement and skilled migrants, has been the most vocal critics of the restrictions, which currently affects citizens of Iraq, Iran, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, and Syria, but may be expanded to include other nations. Uber CEO Travis Kalanick last week stepped down from Trump's business advisory council after a public outcry over his role. The companies argue in their brief that the US has long recognized the importance of protecting itself against those who would do it harm. "But it has done so while maintaining our fundamental commitment to welcoming immigrants, through increased background checks and other controls on people seeking to enter our country," they explain. The brief states that Trump's order introduced "sudden changes without notice, unclear standards for implementation, and no standards for the exercise of waiver authority", depriving companies and employees of the certainty they need. "This instability and uncertainty will make it far more difficult and expensive for US companies to hire some of the world's best talent, and impede them from competing in the global marketplace," it says. "Businesses and employees have little incentive to go through the laborious process of sponsoring or obtaining a visa, and relocating to the United States, if an employee may be unexpectedly halted at the border. "Skilled individuals will not wish to immigrate to the country if they may be cut off without warning from their spouses, grandparents, relatives, and friends. They will not pull up roots, incur significant economic risk, and subject their family to considerable uncertainty to immigrate to the United States in the face of this instability." Read more about Donald Trump Three bills and a Trump executive order train their gun sights on the H1B visa For national security, Trump gets a new secure 'smartphone' Trump dumping Trans-Pacific Partnership Indian IT anxiously awaits Trump's verdict on the H1B Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Security Google and Mozilla's message to AV and security firms: Stop trashing HTTPS Telcos Optus signs communications services deal with health provider Tech Industry Ericsson and IBM announce 5G 'breakthrough' Tech Industry Crunchies Awards for Silicon Valley startups focus on diversity × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
Saturday, February 11, 2017  |  Jumada Al Ula 14, 1438 Business Things to do today UAE Prayer Times People & Politics UAE Weather Sign In Edit Profile Sign Out UAE World Business Sport Arts & Life Opinion Blogs Personal Finance Aviation Banking Economy Energy The Life Markets Media Property Retail Technology Telecoms Travel & Tourism An Apple iPhone 6. The company has issued a recall of some devices. Erik S Lesser / EPA 88,000 Apple iPhone devices replaced in UAE over faulty batteries The National staff February 6, 2017 Updated: February 7, 2017 01:31 PM Related Apple’s next iPhone and robot cars top picks for Taiwan’s best tech fund Samsung Galaxy Note 7: ‘Batteries only problem with fire-prone smartphone’ Apple iPhone maker’s first sales decline since 1991 in worst year on record Apple’s iPhone celebrates its 10th year – graphic Related Apple’s next iPhone and robot cars top picks for Taiwan’s best tech fund Samsung Galaxy Note 7: ‘Batteries only problem with fire-prone smartphone’ Apple iPhone maker’s first sales decline since 1991 in worst year on record Apple’s iPhone celebrates its 10th year – graphic Topics: Apple Smartphones The UAE Ministry of Economy said approximately 88,700 Apple iPhone 6S devices have a defective battery. These devices, that were manufactured in China between September and October 2015, may unexpectedly shut down, Apple Inc said in a letter addressed to the ministry yesterday. Hashim Al Nuaimi, the director of the Consumer Protection Department at the ministry, said the phones were replaced as part of regular campaigns that include testing products for reasons that may be unrelated to safety, The National’s Arabic-language sister paper Aletihad, reported. The replacement programme may also be part of maintenance campaigns within the framework of the ministry’s efforts to monitor the markets and protect consumers in collaboration with phone companies. Users of the iPhones are asked to check Apple’s website or visit a customer service centre to see if their device is eligible for a battery replacement. Similar campaigns are classified into different categories including "security and safety campaigns, and potential consumer harm or hazards". These campaigns are immediately implemented by announcing them and removing the concerned products from the markets. Mr Al Nuaimi highlighted the ministry’s ongoing efforts to follow up the recall of products with local companies, through local monitoring and ongoing follow-up to consumer remarks and complaints in addition to keeping abreast of regional and international recall cases, he told Aletihad. He added that the recalls aim to protect the health and safety of consumers and to minimise fraud in the UAE. The ministry follows up recalls of food and consumer products daily, both on the internet and in the different media. It then proceeds to notify sales agents and importers of these products to immediately remove them from the markets, and to announce their removal at least twice in local newspapers in both Arabic and English. In the event that a company stops recalling a product or claims that the product has been removed when it is still available in its other branches, the ministry will shut down the company and refer the case to the relevant judicial authorities. __________________________________ More Apple coverage Mona Al Marzooqi / The National ■ UAE in recall of Apple iPhone 6S devices over batteries ■ In pictures: The most innovative companies, 2016 ■ Comment: The iPhone’s decade changed the world – and Apple ■ Graphic: Apple’s iPhone celebrates its 10th year ■ Plugged In blog: The genius of Apple: How its customers will tolerate any malfunction ■ Apple iPhone ‘touch disease’ repair to cost UAE customers Dh549 __________________________________ business@thenational.ae Follow The National’s Business section on Twitter Pages: Add your comment View all comments More Technology Indian IT pins hopes on SmartCity Kochi Twitter falls short despite becoming Trump’s megaphone Nintendo Switch console less than inspiring Pitchside wizardry helps brands to hit the target MOST VIEWED Business | All Person named on loan is liable for UAE debts, and not his family UAE visa renewal rejection is Government’s prerogative Money & Me: Dubai MMA fighter saves up for the lean times High costs of fixed-term savings plans means lost trust in financial advisers must be rebuilt a step at a time Gratuity Calculator app helps resigning UAE employees figure out what they’re owed Divorce costs alter depending on your location IEA says Opec complying on oil production, but sees coming supply growth HLG appoints new management team and embarks on strategic review Red Bull Air Race gives Abu Dhabi’s tourism sector wings More Most Viewed Rare celestial show will be visible in the UAE on Saturday America’s ban on Iranian citizens has handed hardliners ammunition Red Bull Air Race season takes off against Abu Dhabi’s ‘spectacular skyline’ Princess Haya and children make Dh145 million donation to needy families in Jordan Iraq’s prime minister calls Trump, asking for country to be removed from travel ban list Why I won’t invest in anything that involves effort Person named on loan is liable for UAE debts, and not his family Pakistan Super League 2017 fixtures: When and where to watch each match in the UAE UAE Air Force arobatic team shows its colours at the Red Bull Air Race - in pictures UAE visa renewal rejection is Government’s prerogative More Most Viewed Back to the top EDITOR'S PICKS Gratuity Calculator app helps resigning UAE employees figure out what they’re owed Q&A: What Abu Dhabi’s 3 per cent municipality fee means for you Where Abu Dhabi rents have risen and fallen, Q3 2016 – in pictures Where Dubai rents have risen and fallen, Q3 2016 – in pictures FOLLOW US Tweets by @TheNationalUAE SPOTLIGHT Targeted by Assad, Syrian athletes fight to keep sport alive Emirati life coach Hala Kazim on finding the road to happiness About us Contact us Work with us Privacy policy Terms and conditions Advertise with us Subscribe Sitemap super.ae alittihad.ae thenational.ae anazahra.com ngalarabiya.com adtv.ae adradio.ae admedia.ae
Jump to Navigation AU EDITION | Saturday, February 11, 2017 As of 8:13 PM AEST Subscribe AU Edition Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition U.K. Edition U.S. Edition FOLLOW | Make IBT your homepage Search Home Business News Sports Life Entertainment Video Technology Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 & Galaxy S8 leaks, news & update: S-Pen may be shipped as part of a bundle; More specs & features discussed By Ritwik Roy @ritwikroy1985 on February 06 2017 10:07 PM 0 0 0 0 An employee holds up a Samsung Electronics' Galaxy Tab tablet computer (L) and an Apple iPad as he poses at a store in Seoul August 27, 2012. Reuters/Lee Jae-Won If latest reports are to be believed, the Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 will come with an S-Pen when released. The highly-anticipated tablet is expected to be announced at the Mobile World Congress 2017 in Barcelona, Spain. The addition of the stylus will give more power to users and will also allow the tab to challenge Apple’s iPad, the current higher-end category leader. The Microsoft Surface Pro and iPad Pro, both work with their respective styluses, though users have to buy them separately. The S-Pen will be shipped as part of a bundle with the tab. According to a report by SamMobile, the Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 is expected to sport a 9.6-inch display with screen resolution of 2,048 x 1,536 pixels, Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 chipset, 4GB RAM, Android 7.0 Nougat, 12MP rear camera and 5MP front camera. While no price has yet been revealed by Samsung, the Galaxy Tab S3 could be price around $800. Additional accessories may include a Book cover case and a keyboard folio. The Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 is expected to be released in both Wi-Fi and LTE variants. It is still unknown if the tab will be available at AT&T and T-Mobile. The Galaxy Tab may be released in South Korea first. The other major release for Samsung is its Galaxy S8 smartphone, which is a whole new deal altogether. The Galaxy Note 7 disaster has resulted in loss of consumer trust in the brand.  Galaxy S8 will look to solve the issue. It won’t be formally announced at the MWC 2017 as Samsung is still fine-tuning the handset. A Weibo leak has revealed two cases that reportedly belong to the Samsung Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8 Plus. They more or less confirm the position of the fingerprint scanner as reported earlier by reliable tipster Evan Blass. In fact, a number of case leaks have been reported though none of them matched the leaked images shared by Blass. Now, the Weibo leak has shown cases for the 5.7-inch and a 6.2-inch Galaxy S8 smartphones. Both the handsets are expected to feature a Super AMOLED curved display with a screen resolution of 1440 x 2560 pixels. The Samsung Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8 Plus will either be powered by a Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 chipset or an Exynos 8895 SoC, depending on the region. Other expected features include 4/6GB RAM, Type-C USB ports, 3,250 mAh battery, 12MP rear camera and 5MP selfie camera. None of these specs have been confirmed by Samsung yet. During the MWC 2017, Samsung will show a short video and fans will get a 60-second glimpse of the highly-anticipated smartphone that will take on Apple iPhone 8, writes PhoneArena. Submit Correction 0 0 0 Related Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 benchmarking sheet leaks Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 specs revealed by GFXBench Join the Discussion 0 0 0 Search Most Shared Most Read 1 ‘Better Call Saul’ season 3: Gus Fring’s connection with Nacho 0 Shares 2 'Days Of Our Lives' spoilers for Feb. 9: Stefano makes an appearance in ‘DOOL’ for the last time; Salem prepares for a Valentine’s Day wedding 0 Shares 3 NBA Trade Deadline: Lakers trying to move Timofey Mozgov, Luol Deng 0 Shares 4 'Outlander' effect: Aussie mum turns son into 'Mini Jamie' 0 Shares 5 ‘Outlander’ season 3: Pack up from Scotland 0 Shares 6 ‘Outlander’ season 3: Sam Heughan heading to South Africa 0 Shares 7 Super Bowl 2017 results: Patriots rally back to beat Falcons 34-28, videos, highlights, reactions 0 Shares 8 ‘Vikings’ season 5 air date: The show is ‘coming later this year’ 0 Shares 9 ‘Vikings’ season 5 spoilers: 10 things we know so far 0 Shares 10 WrestleMania 33: The Undertaker likely to be retired by Roman Reigns 0 Shares Follow Us Please enter a valid email Like us Follow us Full site feed HashChing reveals suburb mortgages are higher than the city average ASADA chief Ben McDevitt to step down Allphones Australia closes 18 stores Australian retail sales for December decline 0.1 percent Woolworths self-service checkouts increase AMP reports first full year loss since 2003 More Business Economy Markets Companies Real Estate Banking & Finance Killer clown sentenced to 6 months for terrorising pregnant British woman with axe Australia's largest cocaine bust in NSW coast Sydney lashed with thunderstorms, transportation heavily affected South Australian researcher Basil Hetzel dies at 94 Small 2.7-magnitude earthquake rattles Adelaide Australian man whose girlfriend died in jet-ski crash pleads guilty More News Australia Asia Pacific Africa The Americas Europe Middle East F1 2017: Sign up for beta test, only 900 applicants allowed to try next Formula One game NBA Trade Deadline: Rockets pushing for Serge Ibaka, Magic willing to deal forward NBA Trade Deadline: Celtics to make strong push for Jimmy Butler, Paul George 'Mutant Football League' release date, PC demo, trailer, details NBA 2K eLeague: Full details, draft, launch date, NBA 2K17 teaser, Adam Silver statement WWE Elimination Chamber: Bray Wyatt expected to win WWE championship More Sports AFL NRL Rugby Union Cricket Soccer Tennis Motor Sports Basketball NFL Fight Sports More More NES Classic Editions soon; ‘Fire Emblem Heroes’ available on iOS & Android Samsung Galaxy S7 vs iPhone 6s: Camera comparison [VIDEO] 'The Last Of Us 2' is 'a story worthy of Joel and Ellie' 'Final Fantasy XV' director hints at PC compatibility 8Pack OrionX: The most expensive gaming PC Researchers call to end long work hours for Australians More Life Environment & Science Health & Wellbeing Gaming Technology Travel & Food Fashion & Beauty Art & Design 'General Hospital' spoilers for Feb. 9, 2017: Sonny seeks revenge; Julian’s past catches up on him; Dante questions Carly’s commitment 'The Young and the Restless' spoilers for Feb. 9, 2017: Sharon searches for divorce papers; Nick and Chelsea try something new 'Orange Is the New' Black season 5 to debut summer 2017 ‘NCIS’ season 14 episode 14 recap: Comeback of the Sherlocks amid murder mystery European countries joke to be second as Trump insists ‘America First' 'Blue Bloods' Season 7 Episode 15 spoilers: ‘Lost Souls’ centres on difficult choices, inner conflicts and the ugly side of finding justice More Entertainment Movies TV Celebrities Music McLaren 570GT Review: Grand, But No Touring Car IBTimes Newsletters Sign up to get the latest headlines delivered to your inbox every morning. We value your privacy. Your email address will not be shared. Sections Home Business News Sports Life Entertainment Video IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Careers Contact Terms of Service Privacy Policy IBT Media Syndication Editions Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved.
By using this service and related content, you agree to the use of cookies for analytics, personalised content and ads. Learn more msn back to msn home news Web search Sign in Change language and content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Feedback Headlines UK News World Report President Trump Weird News Video Photos My Topics Home News Weather Entertainment Sport Money Lifestyle Horoscopes Health & Fitness Food & Drink Cars Travel News Sections UK News World Report EU Referendum US News Weird News Photos Videos AdChoices Apple Is Getting Pushed Around in China by Local Phone Brands Bloomberg Bloomberg News 4 days ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Teens jailed for more than 20 years for stabbing man Britain braces for sub-zero weekend © Bloomberg News BC-APPLE-IN-CHINA Chinese smartphone brands Oppo and Huawei are tightening their grip on the world’s largest market, grabbing local share and squeezing out Apple Inc. and Samsung Electronics Co. After including Vivo, Chinese vendors held the top three slots and accounted for 48 percent of shipments in the country during 2016, research firm IDC said. With a line-up of flexible- and curved-screen devices, they look set to dominate the market in 2017. A decline in Apple shipments in the fourth quarter highlighted how the iPhone 7 failed to make as big a splash in the face of escalating competition. Apple and Samsung have steadily ceded ground in China to aggressive local manufacturers since Xiaomi Corp. came on the scene around 2011. Xiaomi itself was ranked fifth in 2016, as Oppo, Huawei Technologies Co. and Vivo phones were the top three sellers, accounting for 48 percent of shipments last year and relegating the U.S. company to fourth spot, IDC said in a report released Monday. “Even though the new black colored iPhones caught the attention of consumers, overall, the new launches did not create as much of a frenzy compared to the past,” IDC said in its report, a regular and closely watched release. Chinese vendors are marketing higher-end gadgetry that appeals to consumers seeking Apple-like quality and innovation. IPhone shipments plummeted 23.2 percent in 2016, shrinking Apple’s market share to just 9.6 percent -- the lowest in about two years. Samsung didn’t even figure in the top five. China had for years driven Apple’s spectacular growth even as smartphone demand elsewhere faltered. But the country’s slowdown, regulatory tangles and -- critically -- the ascendancy of cheaper but just-as-good local alternatives took its toll. The country remains pivotal to the company’s business, especially with developed markets saturated and Apple still exploring promising countries such as India, where price is king and the U.S. company barely registers in market rankings. Apple may regain ground with the next iPhone later this year, the 10th anniversary of the device that ushered in the modern smartphone industry. Apple is expected to showcase the best features it can bring to bear in an increasingly commoditized market. “Apple’s 10-year anniversary iPhone will also likely attract some of the high-end Android users in China to convert to an iPhone,” IDC said. In the meantime, local brands hold sway. Oppo, Huawei and Vivo took advantage of vast store networks as online handset sales plateaued. Along with improved customer service and a push to open their own retail stores, especially in smaller cities, Chinese smartphone makers have moved away from budget devices. Frontrunner Oppo saw shipments grow from a little more than 35 million units in 2015 to 78.4 million last year, IDC estimates. Vivo also nearly doubled its annual shipments. Overall, 467.3 million units smartphones were moved in China last year, up 8.7 percent from 2015. Now local vendors are setting their sights overseas. Huawei, which sells about half its smartphones abroad, is targeting $33 billion in 2017 revenue for its consumer electronics division, which sells smartphones, wearable devices and tablets. Chinese brands, led by Vivo, have already muscled out local rivals in India and are increasingly challenging Samsung, the leader there. “We expect these vendors to increase their shipments in the international market, with India as a key target for these top Chinese vendors,” IDC said its report. Q4 Shipments (mln) Q4 Market Share (%) Shipment growth (%, yoy) Oppo 24.5 18.1 109.2 Huawei 22.9 16.9 27.7 Vivo 21.7 16.0 96.4 Apple 14.9 11.0 -12.8 Xiaomi 10.1 7.4 -40.5 Others 41.6 30.7 5 Total 135.7 100 18.7 2016 Shipments (mln) 2016 Market Share (%) Shipment growth (%, yoy) Oppo 78.4 16.8 122.2 Huawei 76.6 16.4 21.8 Vivo 69.2 14.8 96.9 Apple 44.9 9.6 -23.2 Xiaomi 41.5 8.9 -36 Others 156.7 33.5 -9.6 Total 467.3 100 8.7 To contact Bloomberg News staff for this story: Gao Yuan in Beijing at ygao199@bloomberg.net. To contact the editors responsible for this story: Robert Fenner at rfenner@bloomberg.net, Edwin Chan ©2017 Bloomberg L.P.  Go to MSN Home Go to MSN News Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behaviour that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy & Cookies Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Anti-Spam Did you find the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues with searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps My Topics feedback Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Signout RegisterSign in Long Reads Life Indigenous Sexuality Test your 'Lingo' SBS HOME On Demand Guide By Day By Channel By Genre By Language Programs Radio Radio Podcasts Radio Schedule SBS Chill SBS PopAraby SBS PopAsia SBS PopDesi World News radio Your Language Shop SBS Shop News SBS World News Dateline Insight Living Black The Feed NITV News Census Explorer Power of 1 Small Business Secrets Cycling Football Movies Food Comedy News News Home Latest News US Election Featured Topics First Day Stories Paris 2015 Syria Conflict Europe's Refugee Crisis True Stories Podcast Comment & Analysis Video Galleries Audio National World Asia-Pacific Middle-East Europe Africa North America South America Business Sport 7 Feb 2017 - 6:11am Apple, Google, Uber, Netflix file Trump legal challenge (AAP) Previous Next Show Grid Previous Next Hide Grid Images 02 1/ 02 Video Audio Apple, Google, Facebook, Uber, eBay and Netflix are among the dozens of tech companies who have joined the fight against Donald trump's travel ban. Source: AAP 6 Feb 2017 - 9:30 PM  UPDATED 7 Feb 2017 - 6:11 AM Tweet Dozens of tech companies including behemoths Apple, Google and Facebook are siding with Washington state and Minnesota to fight Donald Trump's refugee and traveller ban. The companies filed briefs late on Sunday with a federal appellate court saying the Trump executive order hurts their businesses. In their court filing with the San Francisco-based 9th US Circuit Court of Appeals, a total of 97 companies said Trump's travel ban "hinders the ability of American companies to attract great talent; increases costs imposed on business; makes it more difficult for American firms to compete in the international marketplace." The travel ban would prompt businesses to build operations outside the United States, said the companies. The long list of enterprises looking to join the fight against Trump are among the country's biggest, most high-profile businesses like Uber, eBay and Netflix. The businesses are looking to help Washington and Minnesota as they sue Trump. Related The legal challenges lining up to stop Trump's immigration order The legal challenges to US President Donald Trump's contentious immigration order are mounting with several US states filing lawsuits against the executive order. The states have said the ban harmed residents and effectively mandated discrimination. The 9th US Circuit Court of Appeals this weekend denied the administration's request to immediately set aside a Seattle judge's ruling that put a hold on the ban nationwide. Trump's order applied to Iraq, Syria, Iran, Sudan, Libya, Somalia and Yemen - countries the administration said raise terrorism concerns. The order sparked nationwide airport protests and caused confusion for many foreigners trying to reach the United States. Related US court rejects immediate overturn of halt of Trump travel ban US federal appeals court rejects a request by the Department of Justice to immediately reinstate President Donald Trump's travel ban. Trump has said he's trying to protect Americans. The government says the president has the authority to decide who can enter the country. However the companies, in their court filing, said Trump's executive order would destroy the entrepreneurial spirit that fuels American businesses. Advertisement Advertisement Trending SBS Premier League on SBS: LIVE, FREE and in HD - FAQs SBS On Demand: Anti-Valentine's Day movie collection Deutschland 83: Quantum Jump All 9 Quentin Tarantino movies, ranked Page not found | SBS On Demand Trending News Rosie O'Donnell goes full Bannon in photo The world parodies Trump's 'put America first' slogan The 'tiny house' movement: could you live in just 12 square metres? Trump says considering 'brand new' immigration order Australian citizenship stripped from IS fighter under new anti-terror laws In Social Stay Connected with SBS News Stay Connected with SBS News Vertical Tabs Newsletter Newsletter Subscribe now Podcast Podcasts Listen now RSS RSS Subscribe now txinfo Watch on SBS ONE 6.30pm nightly and 10.30pm Mon-Fri, listen at 6am & 6pm Mon-Fri. Stay Connected with SBS News Newsletter Subscribe now Podcasts Listen now RSS Subscribe now Watch on SBS ONE 6.30pm nightly and 10.30pm Mon-Fri, listen at 6am &amp; 6pm Mon-Fri. In Social Subscribe Facebook 839.8K Follow Twitter 268.2K Watch YouTube 8.4K Follow Google+ 0.9K Advertisement Back to top Copyright Terms & Conditions Privacy Disclaimer Your online preferences Audience Technical Support Complaints Contact Media Releases The SBS Charter Codes of Practice Policies & Publications Freedom of Information Public Interest Disclosure Freeview Using this Website FAQs Our Story Commissioned Content Translations & Subtitling Sales & Advertising Tenders & Purchasing Opportunities SBS International Publicity Media Centre Careers How to receive SBS TV & Radio How to get my Program on SBS What SBS tells me about Australia Why SBS introduced commercials The SBS Board of Directors SBS Shop NITV Podcasts CQ Cultural Intelligence Newsletters
  SOFTPEDIA® DESKTOP Windows Games Drivers Mac Linux MOBILE Android APK Phones Tablets WEB Webscripts Web Browsers NEWS Softpedia > News > Web / Internet Life FLASH SALE: SpyShelter Anti-Keylogger Premium      30% OFF! Google, Facebook, Apple, Microsoft, and Others Take On Trump's Travel Ban GO 97 companies in total signed to fight against Trump's order Feb 6, 2017 10:21 GMT  ·  By Gabriela Vatu  ·  Share:  Google, Facebook, Apple, Microsoft, Netflix, PayPal, Twitter, Uber, and many others - a total of 97 major firms in the US - have decided to join forces to file an amicus brief opposing the Trump travel ban introduced two weeks ago. Ever since the Trump travel ban affecting people from seven predominantly-Muslim countries was introduced two Fridays ago, tech firms have been looking for ways to make things better. They’ve set up funds to donate money to NGOs fighting the ban, they’ve set up funds to help employees who could no longer return to the United States, and they’ve joined lawsuits against the Trump administration. Now, they’ve filed a brief with the US Court of Appeals for the 9th Circuit, stating that the companies believe the ban is unlawful, discriminates against people, and is harmful to businesses in the United States. The Washington Post obtained a draft of the filing in which the companies that signed it put the focus on the contribution immigrants have brought to the US economy and the success of business across the United States. “Immigrants or their children founded more than 200 of the companies on the Fortune 500 list, including Apple, Kraft, Ford, General Electric, AT&T, Google, McDonald’s, Boeing, and Disney. Collectively, these companies generate annual revenue of $4.2 trillion, and employ millions of Americans,” the filing reads, adding that between 2006 and 2010 immigrants opened nearly 30% of all new businesses in the country. The letter also fights against the belief that immigrants are taking away jobs from Americans. “Immigrants do not take jobs away from U.S. citizens - they create them. Thus, immigration ‘expands the American work-force, and encourages more business startups’ - ensuring that businesses ranging from Apple Corporation to apple growers would be able to find the workers they need in America.” Unlawful ban The companies further explain that the ban is unlawful as it violates laws passed back in the 60s regarding discrimination. There’s also the fact that the Administrative Procedure Act requires government agencies, including the President, to issue notice and seek people’s comments before instating new rules, something that Trump has not done with its plethora of executive orders signed since his inauguration. A judge overthrew the Trump travel ban, something that the administration has already appealed, hoping to reinstate it. The President has been all over Twitter throwing mud at the judge for not respecting the law and making threats. The Court of Appeals is expected to rule in the next few days. As mentioned, companies have also chosen other ways to fight the travel ban. For instance, Google has set up a $4 million crisis fund to help those affected by the order, Lyft has donated $1 million, while Twitter added a bit more to that sum, directing the money towards the ACLU. Airbnb is promising to find a place to stay to those left stranded, while Uber is setting up a $3 million fund to assist the drivers who will no longer be able to work, including as legal fees. The list of companies that signed the amicus brief includes Lyft, Pinterest, Yelp, Mozilla, Dropbox, Github, Kickstarter, Salesforce, Reddit, Square, Box, and more. #Trump Travel Ban#Google#Apple#Microsoft#Facebook subscribe feedly old reader newsblur digg reader rss feed reddit it! flip it share it tweet it Related  ·  Hot right now  ·  Latest news #DeleteUber Pushed 200,000 People to Leave Service Microsoft, Amazon, Expedia Join Washington AG, Take Trump's Ban to Court Google's Pichai and Brin Join Employees in Rally Against Trump Ban Petition Demanding Trump to Release Tax Returns Breaks Record Apple iPhone 8 Will Reportedly Feature An Iris Scanner Let’s Chat: Windows vs. Linux Windows Close to Defeating Linux: Munich Could Give Up on LiMux Samsung Galaxy S8’s Bixby To Be Based on S Voice, Not Viv Labs’ AI Tech Microsoft Brings Windows 10 Mobile’s File Explorer on Xbox One Microsoft Teases New Windows 10 Security Announcements Apple iPhone 8 Will Reportedly Feature An Iris Scanner Let’s Chat: Windows vs. Linux    The travel ban is illegal, tech companies say New Apps Portable PeaUtils: A collection of file management tools that comprises checksum and hash tools, file and folder analysis, a file splitter and joiner, hex data preview, and more Jihosoft iTunes Backup Unlocker: Uncover the password of your encrypted iTunes backup using multiple cracking methods, with this novice-friendly piece of software ProgDVB Professional: Watch TV channels from around the world, listen to radio station from the comfort of your computer, and record your favorite shows to watch them later eBook Converter Bundle: Batch convert your ePub or DRM PDFs to other formats with this lightweight software solution that provides ease of use and support for Kindle, NOOK, Kobo file formats Portable Alternate Archiver: Manage multiple files in a folder by organizing them into sub-directories, with the help of this lightweight and easy to handle utility ReaConverter Lite: Batch convert image files, add watermarks, edit photos and save them to a selected output format with this intuitive application xrecode III Portable: Converts audio files with ease and at high speed, supporting various input formats and providing a user-friendly working environment Reader comments Facebook Fights Fake News with Massive Overhaul of Trending Topics Section more on: Facebook i softpedia®     Like 202K    +1 56K     Follow 13K © 2001-2017 Softpedia. All rights reserved. Softpedia® and the Softpedia® logo are registered trademarks of SoftNews NET SRL. Privacy Policy news tip feedback      
Feb 112017 E- Edition Newspaper Feb 11, 2017 Last Updated at 12:15 AST Home Subscribe E-Newsletter About Us Contact Us   Oman | Viral | Global | Motoring | Food | Celebrity | Sport Private sector to play a major role in Oman’s economic development Sinkhole opens up near Australian Prime Minister's Sydney home 6.3 magnitude earthquake no tsunami threat to Oman Child abductor images untrue, says ROP WATCH: Indian snake charmers Oman Omanisation | Tourism | Education | Environment | Health | Government | Transport | Science | Heritage Man rescued from mountain in Khasab News Rewind: Fuel prices dominate headlines Oman Oasis Mall to launch Spring Collection on 10th February Oman Tourism: Cruise visits booming Oman's Shura wants all fuel at fixed prices   #OmanPride: Last 2 days and then a one year wait for Muscat Festival #OmanPride: Youth learn life lessons by tackling challenges #OmanPride: Omani author pens book to help Gulf youth learn life skills #OmanPride: Men who keep traditional crafts alive #OmanPride: Faces at Muscat Festival World GCC | Middle East | India | Pakistan | Americas | Europe | Asia | Africa New Zealand rescuers form human chain to help stranded whales No contamination risk at nuclear power plant in France Blacklisted artists sue impeached Korean President Park Geun-hye Turkish forces enter Al Bab, Islamic State stronghold in Syria World’s biggest shipping company voices alarm at Trump trade war Business Personal Finance | Aviation | Energy | Markets | Property | Retail | Banking | Economy | Technology Petrobras $5.2 billion deal with Brookfield halted by court Amazon discloses Iranian business ties, warns of penalties A quarter of the world’s growth is undergoing big experiments Bank of England’s nears its 2% inflation target Facebook hires MTV executive Lefevre to develop TV shows Sports Oman | Football | Cricket | Tennis | Motorsport | Olympics | Hockey | Athletics | Golf | Sailing | More sports Cricket: India bat against Bangladesh in Hyderabad test Football: Leicester fire three past Derby to progress in FA Cup NBA starts a new pro league based on video-game basketball Oman swimmers for Iran meet Football: Barca appeal Suarez suspension from Cup final Opinion Ending peace talks Don't sell the euro short. It's here to stay Smartphones have an unexpected new rival How economic populism works Brexit in a brave new world Technology Game of the week: Shadow of Mordor All about apps: Kobo All about apps: MyFitnessPal Oman tech: How to charge your phone without electricity Oman technology: Torrents, danger is under the surface Lifestyle Wellness | Motoring | Dining | Entertainment | Family | Property Times | Travel  Leisure | Culture | Photography Pilot whales stranded in New Zealand Fun Facts: History of Valentine's Day Light solutions: When your house feels like a cave Philippines' shanty town fire Pakistan's aspiring young musicians   This Weekend | Food | Style | Recreation | Travel Oman Valentine's Day Offers 2017 Budget Eats: Inexpensive Yet Delicious Sandwiches Game Of The Week: Age of Empire 3 Weekend Events Muscat 9th, 10th, 11th February, 2017 5 Places to watch live music in Muscat Business Apple is getting pushed around in China by local phone brands February 6, 2017 | 1:51 PM by Bloomberg News Frontrunner Oppo saw shipments grow from a little more than 35 million units in 2015 to 78.4 million last year, IDC estimates. — Bloomberg News x Frontrunner Oppo saw shipments grow from a little more than 35 million units in 2015 to 78.4 million last year, IDC estimates. — Bloomberg News   Sharelines Apple is getting pushed around in China by local phone brands #Apple is getting pushed around in #China by local phone brands Shanghai: Chinese smartphone brands Oppo and Huawei are tightening their grip on the world’s largest market, grabbing local share and squeezing out Apple and Samsung Electronics. After including Vivo, Chinese vendors held the top three slots and accounted for 48 per cent of shipments in the country during 2016, research firm IDC said. With a line-up of flexible- and curved-screen devices, they look set to dominate the market in 2017. A decline in Apple shipments in the fourth quarter highlighted how the iPhone 7 failed to make as big a splash in the face of escalating competition. Apple and Samsung have steadily ceded ground in China to aggressive local manufacturers since Xiaomi came on the scene around 2011. Xiaomi itself was ranked fifth in 2016, as Oppo, Huawei Technologies and Vivo phones were the top three sellers, accounting for 48 per cent of shipments last year and relegating the US company to fourth spot, IDC said in a report released on Monday. "Even though the new black coloured iPhones caught the attention of consumers, overall, the new launches did not create as much of a frenzy compared to the past,” IDC said in its report, a regular and closely watched release. Chinese vendors are marketing higher-end gadgetry that appeals to consumers seeking Apple-like quality and innovation. IPhone shipments plummeted 23.2 per cent in 2016, shrinking Apple’s market share to just 9.6 per cent — the lowest in about two years. Samsung didn’t even figure in the top five. China had for years driven Apple’s spectacular growth even as smartphone demand elsewhere faltered. But the country’s slowdown, regulatory tangles and — critically — the ascendancy of cheaper but just-as-good local alternatives took its toll. The country remains pivotal to the company’s business, especially with developed markets saturated and Apple still exploring promising countries such as India, where price is king and the US company barely registers in market rankings. Apple may regain ground with the next iPhone later this year, the 10th anniversary of the device that ushered in the modern smartphone industry. Apple is expected to showcase the best features it can bring to bear in an increasingly commoditised market. "Apple’s 10-year anniversary iPhone will also likely attract some of the high-end Android users in China to convert to an iPhone,” IDC said. In the meantime, local brands hold sway. Oppo, Huawei and Vivo took advantage of vast store networks as online handset sales plateaued. Along with improved customer service and a push to open their own retail stores, especially in smaller cities, Chinese smartphone makers have moved away from budget devices. Frontrunner Oppo saw shipments grow from a little more than 35 million units in 2015 to 78.4 million last year, IDC estimates. Vivo also nearly doubled its annual shipments. Overall, 467.3 million units smartphones were moved in China last year, up 8.7 per cent from 2015. Now local vendors are setting their sights overseas. Huawei, which sells about half its smartphones abroad, is targeting $33 billion in 2017 revenue for its consumer electronics division, which sells smartphones, wearable devices and tablets. Chinese brands, led by Vivo, have already muscled out local rivals in India and are increasingly challenging Samsung, the leader there. "We expect these vendors to increase their shipments in the international market, with India as a key target for these top Chinese vendors,” IDC said its report. < Previous PageNext Page > Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. STAY UPDATED Subscribe to our newsletter and be the first to know all the latest news Sign Up More in Business A quarter of the world’s growth is undergoing big experiments Bank of England’s nears its 2% inflation target Facebook hires MTV executive Lefevre to develop TV shows Gallery +25 ° C +25° +25° Muscat Tuesday, 15 Wednesday +25° +24° Thursday +24° +23° Friday +24° +23° Saturday +24° +23° Sunday +24° +23° Monday +24° +23° See 7-Day Forecast Recommended for you Petrobras $5.2 billion deal with Brookfield halted by court Amazon discloses Iranian business ties, warns of penalties PREVIOUS ARTICLE Bullish trend continues NEXT ARTICLE Sharp shares climb after narrowing loss outlook Oman #OmanPride World Sports Opinion Business Technology Travel Lifestyle Entertainment Features Advertising RSS Feeds Subscription TOO Apps Classifieds E Paper About us Blog Jobs Contact us Request a Quote Sitemap Copyright © 2017 Muscat Media Group. Times of Oman is not responsible for the content of external internet sites. Newsletter
Skip to main content area Sign up for our daily newsletter Newsletter Close Sign me up Toggle menus Toggle search Main menu Security Mobile Server Networking Cloud Strategy Public Sector Storage More Desktop Hardware Desktop Software Laptops Alphr Cloud Pro Channel Pro Search Search Sections News Reviews In-depth App Business travel Innovation at Work Leadership Whitepapers You are here: Home Mobile News Apple to start iPhone production in India Apple to start iPhone production in India Share twitter linkedin facebook google+ email Clare Hopping News 6 Feb, 2017 The company may move some of its component manufacturing to the country too Apple has decided to start manufacturing its iPhones in India, with a new factory set up in Bangalore, the region's government has revealed. The state IT minister thanked Apple for choosing Karnataka to build its first manufacturing plant, commenting the move "will foster cutting edge technology ecosystem and supply chain development in the state, which are critical for India to compete globally." They will be produced by OEM Wistron, a Taiwanese company, which has recently been on a recruitment drive in India to take on more staff who will be making the devices from the new facility. India has become the third country to start assembling the iPhone and if the production goes well, Apple will consider giving Wistron more responsibility to manufacture components from the base too. "There is no component ecosystem in the country besides what Samsung has done in India," Navkendar Singh, senior research manager of IDC's India and South East Asia mobile device's division said. "With Apple's China sales slowing down, it's opportunity India, and Apple might look at a different SKU, distribution and sourcing model to make it affordable to millions of aspiring customers." Apple reportedly decided to use Bangalore as its Indian manufacturing base following meetings with the company's Priya Balasubramaniam, VP of iPhone operations at Apple, Dheeraj Chugh, director of iPhone operations, Ali Khanafer, senior manager of government affairs in India and the Middle East, as well as representatives from the government in India. "In the longer term, it’s a great move," Apple said in a statement. "We are in discussions on a number of things, including retail stores, and fully intend to invest significantly in the country." See related  iPhone 7 vs Samsung Galaxy S7: head to head Read more about Mobile Apple India View the discussion thread. Get the ITPro Newsletter Get FREE weekly newsletters from ITPro - delivering the latest news, reviews, insight and case studies. Click here Featured Whitepapers Latest in Mobile Microsoft HoloLens hands-on: Is it enterprise-ready? First look Nokia acquires Comptel to leverage software business News The future of m-commerce In-depth Apple Watch 2 release date UK, price and specs: Apple Watch eats 80% of smartwatch market Rumours What is 5G and how far are we from rollout? In-depth See all Popular Raspberry Pi 4: Raspberry Pi gets AI Desktop Hardware Tim Cook on Brexit: it'll be fine Strategy GDS prioritises data and digital skills in new strategy Government IT Strategy Oculus Rift release date, price and system requirements: Zuckerberg shows off prototype Rift gloves for VR typing Desktop Hardware Android Nougat release date, name and features: Google is getting rid of Android's Google Now Launcher Android Contact us Dennis Publishing Editorial Offices 30 Cleveland Street London, W1T 4JD T: +44 (0)20 7907 6000 Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Useful links Security Mobile Server Networking Cloud Strategy Public Sector Storage More Contact us About us Company Website Feeds Privacy Notice Authors Sitemap Our Websites Auto Express Evo Coach Micro Mart Alphr Know Your Mobile Classic & Performance Car Expert Reviews Channel Pro Digital SLR Photography Den of Geek The Week Computer Shopper Magazines Health & Fitness CarBuyer Cloud Pro MagBooks Cyclist TablePouncer © Copyright Dennis Publishing Limited. Under licence from Felix Dennis. Jobs Media Information Subscription Enquires Books Apps Your Online Choices
Toggle navigation Personal Finance Saving Money Student Loans Taxes Entertainment Finance Expert Advice Build Credit 7 Ways to Profit Off Your Marriage You Can’t Put a Price Tag on Love — Amazingly Romantic Cruises 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services Savings Accounts Best Online Savings Accounts How To Save Tips for Saving More Best Savings Accounts Market Research Money Market How to Choose a High-Yield Savings Account American Express High-Yield Savings Account Review: No Fees and No Minimums 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services CD Rates How To Get The Best CD Rates Best CD Accounts Certificate of Deposit Tips Complete CD Tax Guide: From Death Taxes to Interest Income Taxes How CD Laddering Works 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services Loans Best Personal Loans Mortgage Tips Avoid Foreclosure Mortgage Types Refinancing Car Loans How to Get a Business Loan With Bad Credit Here’s How Much You Can Borrow With a Personal Loan 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services Investing Financial Planning Stocks Investing Strategies Mutual Funds Brokerage Hedge Funds Bonds Investing News This Is How Stock Options Work How to Invest on a Budget 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services Retirement Retirement Planning Retirement Planning FAQs Retirement Accounts IRAs 401K Roth IRAs Social Security Retirement News Why Financial Independence Is the Key to Retiring Early Retirement Planning Doesn’t End When You Retire 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services Checking Accounts How To Guide: Checking Accounts Checking Account Promotions Checking Account Tips Types of Checking Accounts 15 Checking Account Bonuses and Promotions Available Today 10 Best Checking Accounts for Retirees 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services Best BAnks Credit Cards Best Credit Card Rates How To Manage Credit Cards Credit Cards Tips How to Cancel a Credit Card Without Hurting Your Credit Score 6 Screening Methods Credit Card Companies Are Using 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services Follow @GOBankingRates About Us Contact Us Press Our Team Calculators Sitemap Privacy Policy Advertise Email Opt Out Careers GOBankingRates > Personal Finance > Personal Finance Tips > Fun Facts > 20 Mind-Blowing Facts About How Mark Cuban, Tony Robbins and Other Multimillionaires Built Their Empires 20 Mind-Blowing Facts About How Mark Cuban, Tony Robbins and Other Multimillionaires Built Their Empires By Laura Woods February 6, 2017 Featureflash Photo Agency / Shutterstock.com Flickr.com / (CC) Brian Solis www.briansolis.com Flickr.com / JD Lasica Flickr.com / Stuart Isett/Fortune Most Powerful Women Featureflash Photo Agency / Shutterstock.com Wikimedia Commons CC-BY-SA-3.0 / Matthew Yohe Tinseltown / Shutterstock.com Frederic Legrand - COMEO / Shutterstock.com Paolo Bona / Shutterstock.com Flickr.com / Thomas Cloer Debby Wong / Shutterstock.com Helga Esteb / Shutterstock.com Flickr.com / Stuart Isett/Fortune Most Powerful Women s_bukley / Shutterstock.com FashionStock.com / Shutterstock.com Flickr.com / JD Lasica Flickr.com / Stuart Isett/Fortune Brainstorm Tech Everett Collection / Shutterstock.com Flickr.com / JD Lasica Flickr.com / Daniel Ogren Helga Esteb / Shutterstock.com 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 Even wildly successful entrepreneurs start out from scratch. But while some build their empires from a young age, others stumble across success, while many more have to roll up their sleeves to make their businesses work. Find out how the likes of Warren Buffett, Steve Jobs and J.K. Rowling got started, and overcame their fears to make millions. Tony Robbins used to be a janitor. Life and business strategist Tony Robbins is a bestselling author known for motivating and leading others to success. He is chairman of a holding company that has more than a dozen diverse businesses — from a resort to an insurance marketing firm — with combined annual revenue of more than $6 billion. Of course, this level of success didn't come easy. As a teenager, Robbins was chased out of his home by his alcoholic mother. Instead of returning home, he took a job as a janitor to support himself, created a plan and went to work filling seminars for late-motivational speaker Jim Rohn. See: 20 Best Money Tips From Tony Robbins of All Time Mark Cuban owned a pub in college. Entrepreneur and "Shark Tank" veteran Mark Cuban helms some pretty lucrative business ventures — and he's outright said business is his morning meditation. The entrepreneur co-founded video portal Broadcast.com, which Yahoo purchased for $5.7 billion in 1999. The following year, he bought the Dallas Mavericks and a 50 percent stake in the American Airlines Center for $280 million. The basketball team is now valued at $1.4 billion. Among his first business ventures, though, was a bar named Motley's Pub, which he bought with friends before his senior year at Indiana University. The bar was shut down five months later, but the ambitious move was an early indicator of his sky-high potential. Warren Buffett started investing at age 11. Most kids spend their free time playing, but 11-year-old Warren Buffett was a mathematical prodigy laser-focused on the stock market. His first stock purchase was six shares of Cities Service, an oil company now known as Citgo. That investment cost him $38 per share. Initially, the stock dropped. Then, it turned around, allowing him to make a small profit. Since then, the Berkshire Hathaway CEO has turned a once-failing textile company into a worldwide powerhouse valued at approximately $396 billion. Oprah was demoted from her first TV anchor job. When 22-year-old Oprah Winfrey was hired to co-anchor the news for Baltimore's WJZ-TV, her career seemed on the fast track. Unfortunately, things didn't go as planned and less than eight months later, she was demoted. Things only went up from there, though. The media mogul went on to host "The Oprah Winfrey Show" for 25 years. It was the highest-rated talk show in U.S. TV history. She later founded the television network OWN and now has a personal net worth of $2.9 billion. Steve Jobs scrapped the original iPhone in the 11th hour. First introduced by Steve Jobs in 2007, the iPhone changed the way people interact with their phones. Less than 10 years later, the Apple product has been sold more than a billion times. But, what you might not know is Jobs trashed the original model. The first iPhone had an enclosure design the Apple co-founder wasn't excited about. Uncomfortably close to the phone's release date, Jobs had the team start over. This attention to detail and focus on perfection is likely why Apple is now valued at $586 billion. Multiple investors passed on Jessica Alba’s The Honest Company. While pregnant with her first daughter, actress Jessica Alba became hyper-aware of all the toxins in household consumer products. Upon realizing there were no brands on the market that met her needs, she decided to launch The Honest Company, which sells safe home and lifestyle products. But even as a famed actress, Alba's mission to launch The Honest Company wasn't easy. She had investors pass on her idea, and deals fell through. Eventually, one investor — Brian Lee — saw the need for the brand and changed his mind. Today, The Honest Company is valued at more than $1 billion. Mark Zuckerberg made computer games as a kid. Some kids want to spend their weekends playing computer games. Others, like Mark Zuckerberg, want to make them. Seeing his passion, his parents hired a software developer to tutor him each week. Later on, after enrolling in Harvard, he famously created Facebook in his dorm room. As of January 2017, the social networking site has 1.79 billion monthly active users, nearly 16,000 employees and is valued at $379.01 billion. Bill Gates and Paul Allen started a company in high school. At age 14, Bill Gates got a computer and developed a passion for programming that would change the world. After writing a few programs, he teamed up with future Microsoft co-founder Paul Allen to create software that analyzed traffic patterns. After crafting their product, the duo started a business that generated $20,000 in sales in its first year. Just a few years later, in 1975, Gates and Allen founded Microsoft. Today, the company has 118,000 employees and is valued at $407 billion. Meanwhile, Gates has a net worth of $81 billion, making him the richest person in the world in 2016. Patrick J. McGovern sold his car to found IDG. Not long after graduating college in 1959, Patrick J. McGovern sold his car for $5,000 to raise money for his tech media company International Data Group. Despite skepticism surrounding his plan to take the media company worldwide, McGovern powered forward. Although McGovern passed away in 2014 at the age of 76, his company has flourished. In 2016, the company was said to be seeking a valuation between $500 million and $1 billion. Barry Diller dropped out of college after one semester. After one semester at UCLA, Hollywood heavyweight Barry Diller decided to leave school to pursue a career in the entertainment industry. He started in the William Morris Agency mailroom, but quickly worked his way up the ladder, eventually becoming the chairman and CEO of Paramount Pictures and later, the chairman and CEO of Fox Broadcasting Company. Diller also founded media company IAC in 1995 and served as the chairman and CEO until 2010. Diller is now the chairman and senior executive of both IAC and Expedia. IAC alone is valued at $5.6 billion. Jessica Simpson gets inspiration for her clothesline from family. Launched in 2005, the Jessica Simpson Collection is a massive brand offering everything from footwear and apparel to fragrance and a home line. Annual retail sales average $1 billion. During approval and inspiration meetings, Simpson focuses on products suited for people in her life, like her family. Additionally, the singer-turned-fashion mogul said being, at one time or another, "every size on the planet," has helped her relate to women across the country. Sara Blakely was selling fax machines when she founded Spanx. Once upon a time, Spanx founder Sara Blakely couldn't find the right undergarments to wear under a pair of white pants. She cut the feet off her control top pantyhouse and went off to a party. Realizing she was on the brink of something amazing, she used $5,000 saved from her job selling fax machines to write a patent, find a manufacturer to make a prototype and reach out to buyers. Blakely remains the sole owner of Spanx, which is rumored to realize $400 million in sales annually. She is worth an estimated $1 billion. Richard Branson launched his airline brand to make it to a date. More than 30 years ago, Richard Branson had a date waiting in the British Virgin Islands, but he was stuck in Puerto Rico because his flight was cancelled for not having enough passengers. Consequently, he chartered a plane and invited everyone who had been bumped from the cancelled flight to come aboard his flight for $39. The endeavor was such a success that Branson started his own airline. Ralph Lauren started his empire with a $50,000 loan to make ties. Ralph Lauren is one of the most successful fashion designers in the business, but he didn't go to fashion school or even have the startup cash to fund his business. He started his eponymous brand with a $50,000 loan to make ties, which evolved into a fashion empire. Now a global powerhouse, the Ralph Lauren company has 26,000 employees and is worth an estimated $7.9 billion. Evan Spiegel’s first company had 1 user — his mom. Evan Spiegel co-founded Snapchat during his days as a Stanford coed, but this wasn't his first business venture. Before creating the uber-successful app valued between $18 billion and $20 billion, he crashed and burned with the company Future Freshman. Designed to help students apply to college, Spiegel spent a year on the startup, but he claims no one used it besides his mom. Despite the failure of his first startup, Spiegel clearly learned from his mistakes. He is now worth $2.1 billion. See: Traps That Will Cause Your Startup to Fail Michael Dubin spent $4,500 on Dollar Shave Club’s viral video. Dollar Shave Club co-founder Michael Dubin started the company from his apartment in 2012. He generated publicity for the brand by spending $4,500 on a humorous video featuring himself, a teddy bear and the tag line "Our blades are ******* great." The video went viral and first-year sales totaled $4 million, rising to $19 million in 2013 and $65 million in 2014. In 2016, Unilever purchased the company for a rumored $1 billion, but Dubin is still running the show as CEO. Bethenny Frankel used a TV role to market her business. Bethenny Frankel joined "The Real Housewives of New York" cast in 2008, and used the opportunity to promote her Skinnygirl brand. From serving cocktails to castmates to driving a car wrapped in a Skinnygirl label, the marketing genius used her profile to raise awareness for her company — and continues to do so. Her savvy product positioning paid off in a big way. She sold the Skinnygirl liquor brand to Beam Global Spirits & Wine for a reported $120 million in 2011. Jack Dorsey was rejected for a shoe store job. Most entrepreneurs dream of starting a billion-dollar company, but Jack Dorsey co-founded two — Twitter and Square. Currently serving as the CEO for both, Twitter is valued at approximately $14 billion and Square is worth roughly $3 billion. Despite his phenomenal success, Dorsey's ascent to the top wasn't an easy one. In 2005, he was turned down for a job at a shoe store before a stroke of luck and a shared connection scored him a job as a freelance engineer at the now-defunct podcast service Odeo. J.K. Rowling’s Harry Potter was rejected by 11 publishers. The brilliant mind behind the $25 billion Harry Potter franchise, J.K. Rowling is quite possibly the most successful author of all time. These days, just about any literary agent would be honored to represent her, but the first one she sent her manuscript to rejected it. Even worse, the work was returned without the folder Rowling had submitted it in, and she barely had the money to purchase a replacement. Even after landing an agent, her manuscript was sent to 12 publishers before she finally struck a deal with Bloomsbury. Barbara Cocoran started The Cocoran Group with a $1,000 loan. Today, Barbara Cocoran is a "Shark Tank" star that helps entrepreneurs bring their dreams to life. But in 1973, she was a twentysomething with no career direction. This changed when she took out a $1,000 loan to start the real estate firm The Cocoran Group. After nearly 30 years and several expansions, she sold the company in 2001 for a rumored $70 million. Although Cocoran has since moved on to other ventures, the firm she started now has more than 1,900 agents, 25 offices and annual sales that have exceeded $18 billion. Up Next: Who's The Best Money Expert of 2017? Next Best Fast Food Value Menus in America View All x Step Up Your Nacho Game: 6 Gourmet Game Day Recipes Love Trumps Money: Breakups Aren’t Due to Money Problems, Survey Finds Related Articles Common Mistakes People Make When Filing Their Own Taxes 21 Traits of Highly Successful Billionaires Like Warren Buffett and Mark Cuban Hobbies of Successful People Like Warren Buffett and Mark Cuban The First Thing Mark Cuban and Other Highly Successful People Do Every Morning These responses are not provided or commissioned by the bank advertiser. Responses have not been reviewed, approved or otherwise endorsed by the bank advertiser. It is not the bank advertiser's responsibility to ensure all posts and/or questions are answered. We would love to hear your comments and feedback Advertiser Disclosure Open a New Account * APY = Annual Percentage Yield Most Popular Personal Finance Articles 7 Ways to Profit Off Your Marriage You Can’t Put a Price Tag on Love — Amazingly Romantic Cruises 31 Tips When Doing Your Own Taxes Warren Buffett’s Best Tips to Live by — Of All Time Most Viewed Personal Finance Video Fark Module Advertiser Disclosure: Many of the offers appearing on this site are from advertisers from which this website receives compensation for being listed here. This compensation may impact how and where products appear on this site (including, for example, the order in which they appear). These offers do not represent all deposit accounts available. Featured In: Back To top GOBankingRates Newsletter: Subscribe × About Us Contact Us Press Our Team Calculators Sitemap Privacy Policy Advertise Email Opt Out Careers Back To top © 2017 GOBankingRates. All Rights Reserved.
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Feb 11, 4:09 AM EST Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology Target Weekly Sale: iPad Pro, Apple Watch Series 1 Discounted Starting Super Bowl Sunday By Rishabh Jain On 02/06/17 AT 5:22 AM Close Target’s weekly sale, starting Super Bowl Sunday, is bringing discounts on Apple products. One of the highlights of the sale is a $150 discount on the Apple iPad Pro, which was earlier available for $600. All 9.7-inch Wi-Fi only models of the iPad Pro are available at a discount, including: 32GB iPad Pro available at 25 percent off for $449.99 (original Price $599.99). The price tag makes it just $50 more expensive than the iPad Air 2 and iPad Mini 4. 128GB iPad Pro available at 21.5 percent off for $549.99 (original Price $699.99) 256GB iPad Pro available at 18.8 percent off for $650 (original Price $799.99) The iPad Pro Smart Keyboard accessory is available at a $15 discount for $134.99. The deal is available only on in-store purchases at Target outlets. But before you make the decision to buy the iPad Pro 2016, you need to keep in mind that a 2017 version of the device is expected to be released soon, possibly next month, since the current model was launched in March 2016. Related Stories Target Will Let You Pay With Your Smartphone This Year Made In America iPhones To Cost More The retaile is also offering discounts on the Apple Watch Series 1: 38mm model is available at 26 percent off for $199.99 (original Price $269.99) 42mm model is available at 23 percent off for $229.99 (original Price $299.99) The Apple Watch Series 1 is the lower-end model of the Apple Watch and comes with a dual-core Apple S1 processor. Its successor, the Apple Watch Series 2 comes for $369, has features such as a bigger pressure-sensitive OLED display, GPS connectivity, waterproof body and an Apple S2 processor having 50 percent better performance than the Series 1. Other offers include: iPad Mini 2, available at 18.5 percent discount for $219.99 (original price $269.99). $200 Target gift card free on the purchase of Apple iPhone 7/7 Plus and iPhone SE with easy installment plans from Verizon, AT&T, Next or Sprint. The discounts will be available till midnight of Feb. 11. Join the Discussion Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Business US Companies Continue Moving Jobs To Mexico Despite the threats of a 35 percent tariff, American companies are moving forward to lay off hundreds of US jobs. Technology Leaked Branding Hints At Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus A popular tech informant has shared the name of one of the Galaxy S8 models. World Snowden Says Report Proves He Never Spied For Russia Edward Snowden, who was given refuge in Russia in 2013, is facing espionage charges in the U.S. for leaking documents about secret mass surveillance programs. National Dossier On Trump-Russia Ties Gaining Credibility: Report While people didn't take the documents seriously when they first came to light, a large number are reassessing their stance following Trump’s stand on Russia during his campaign. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
FIRSTPOST TECH2 FAKING NEWS फर्स्टपोस्ट हिंदी News & Analysis Reviews Startup Gaming Biztech Auto Videos TechFirstpost most commented Isro PSLV-C37 mission: The US private sector is threatened by cheap Indian spaceflight By Aditya Madanapalle 5   Comments Demanding social media passwords for US Visa applications will have a chilling effect on free speech 3   Comments Elon Musk confirms that Tesla is launching in India in the summer of 2017 By tech2 News Staff 2   Comments Clipboard01 By Nimish Sawant 1   Comments HTC 10 evo launched for Rs 48,990 in India; comes with 16MP camera, Snapdragon 810 and more By tech2 News Staff 1   Comments more from #Apple Apple AirPods: Feels impressive, once you overcome the fear of losing it Analyst predicts that the upcoming Apple iPhone 8 and iPhone 7s models will have wireless charging WhatsApp rolls out 'Two-Step Verification' for everyone; Here is why it is important Top Reviews Pixel XL (32GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 67,000 iPhone 7 Plus (256GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 92,000 ThinkPad X1 Carbon (Core i5-6300U) Editor rating : 8 Price: 106,000 XPS 13 Core i7 (Z560035HIN9) Editor rating : 8 Price: 133,000 Z2 Plus (4GB RAM/64GB) Editor rating : 7.5 Price: 19,999 You are here: Home > News & Analysis> You will soon be able to jailbreak your Apple iPhone 7, but only if you’re on iOS 10.2 #Apple 1 By tech2 News Staff /  06 Feb 2017 , 15:36 Rejoice, ye iPhone 7 users, for the Yalu102 jailbreak for iOS 10.2 will soon be available for your device. The Yalu jailbreak is currently functional on Apple’s other iOS devices, including the iPhone 6s and SE, reports TechTimes, but so far, hasn’t been functional on Apple’s newest iPhones. Luca Todesco, the guy who created the Yalu jailbreak, tweeted the following on Twitter: To clear it up: Yalu1011 for iPhone 7 will be updated at some point. Just not a priority right now. Got stuff to do. — qwertyoruiop (@qwertyoruiopz) February 1, 2017 This brings hope to iPhone 7 users as now they at least know that a jailbreak for their devices is possible. Note that the jailbreak is only for iOS 10.2 devices. The current version of iOS is 10.2.1 and there is no way to downgrade to the previous version. If you were smart enough to save your SHSH2 blobs (if you have to ask, don’t jailbreak), only then can you downgrade to iOS 10.2 TechTimes adds that the Yalu102 jailbreak is “semi-untethered, which means that the device will have to be jailbroken again every time it’s restarted. Jailbreaking is a process wherein you “unlock” Apple’s iOS and install apps and services from sources other than the App Store. Apple locks down iOS and restricts app installs to only those from the iOS App Store. The only other way to install an app is if you’re a registered iOS developer. Jailbroken iPhones are theoretically less secure than their regular counterparts. That said, you do get a great deal more freedom with your smartphone. iOS jailbreaking is not the same as Android rooting, however. In iOS, you get the option of installing third-party apps and access to a few tweaks, but it’s still not possible to get complete system access the way you do on an Android device. You can’t replace iOS with another operating system, for example. Tags: Apple, iOS 10.2 jailbreak, iOS Jailbreak, iPhone, iphone 7, iPhone 7 Plus, iPhone Jailbreak, Yalu102 Also read Chinese app store offers paid iOS apps for free without the need for jailbreak iOS 9.3.3 jailbreak tool expected to be made public on 10 June X Recommended For You Analyst predicts that the upcoming Apple iPhone 8 and iPhone 7s models will have wireless charging WhatsApp rolls out ‘Two-Step Verification’ for everyone; Here is why it is important Apple iCloud stores deleted browsing history almost indefinitely, analyst Trump immigration ban: “If we stand and say nothing, we become a part of it,” Apple CEO Tim Cook Subscribe to our newsletter GO You are Now Subscribed to our Newsletter - Stay Tuned ! FOLLOW US ON Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. LAPTOP Reviews Rating : 7.5 / 10 Acer Aspire S13 review: This might just be the best Windows-based Ultrabook in its price range Rating : 7 / 10 Asus ROG G551VW review: An excellent balance of price and performance Rating : 5.5 / 10 iBall Compbook Excelance review: Cheap and built to match Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus EeeBook X205TA review: For students on a budget; but low storage and no USB 3.0 port are downers #Wikipedia Feb 10, 2017 Daily Mail banned as ‘unreliable source’ by Wikipedia #Facebook Feb 10, 2017 Mark Zuckerberg makes like Spiderman in his latest teaser from Facebook’s research labs #Nvidia Feb 10, 2017 Nvidia’s quarterly revenue beats expectations #Microsoft Feb 10, 2017 Microsoft’s ‘Project Rome’ to enable Android apps to control Windows 10 PCs #Microsoft Feb 10, 2017 US court says lawsuit filed by Microsoft against the Department of Justice will continue SMARTPHONE Reviews Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus ZenFone 3 Laser Review: Borderline decent smartphone, with an unfortunate price tag Rating : 6.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime: Great battery life; but competition offers better value for money Rating : 5.5 / 10 Karbonn Quattro L52 VR Review: Don’t bother buying this Rating : 7 / 10 Honor 5C review: A well-balanced device that lacks any defining quality T & C Policy Contact Us फर्स्टपोस्ट हिन्दी Copyright © 2017 Tech2.com
Technology & Business Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Business Insider Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR ShopStyle Who What Wear Byrdie MyDomaine Kin Community | Log in / Sign up Life Money The Hardest Part Of Investing Is Doing Nothing Early Retirement Is Not For Everyone This Flowchart Helps You Decide If That Impulse Purchase Is A Good Idea [Infographic] Ratehacker: February's Best Credit Card, Savings Account And Home Loan Deals Home Research Suggests High School Students Shouldn't Work More Than 15 Hours A Week Keep Your Beer Away From Light To Avoid That 'Skunked' Flavour Make This Mediterranean Spice Blend And Use It On Everything  Will It Sous Vide? Juicy, Cheese-Filled Burgers Entertainment 12 Games To Test Your New PC The Bedroom Jams Playlist YouTube Go Downloads Videos For Offline Viewing, Saves Your Data Plan Steam Cleaner Cleans Up Duplicate And Leftover Files From Steam, Uplay And GoG Galaxy Travel Pack 'Outfit Rolls' For A Smoother Family Holiday How Thieves Can Bypass Luggage Locks And What You Can Do Eightydays Helps Plan Your Multi-City Trip The Most And Least Expensive US States For Short-Term Holiday Rentals Health Build Your Own Parallettes For Advanced Upper Body And Ab Exercises At Home Overcome Your Anxiety By Having An 'Anxious Routine' To Break Out Of It Scientists Discover The Ideal Dance Moves For Women Is It Normal To Have Painful Periods? Design Make Your Own Cake Knife With Scrap Wood Make A Small DIY Photography Studio With Household Objects Comic Sans: The Unloved Typface Ask LH: What Is A Good Camera For A High School Student? Work Productivity BREAKING: Sydney Power Outage Caused By Freak Heatwave Make Your Own iPhone And Apple Watch Charging Dock Out Of Block Of Wood How To Stop Your Hands Sweating While Playing Video Games In Extreme Heat Level-Up Your Microsoft Office Skills With These Training Roadmaps Communicate This Is How Much The NBN Spends To Hook Up Your House 'I've Tested Over 3000 Apps. These Are The Ones I Like Best.' Give Your Kids Control Of Your Phone This Weekend Ask LH: How Can I Swap Email Addresses With All My Contacts? Organise Automatically Clean Out Dead Bookmarks In Firefox And Chrome YouTube Roundup: Trial By Lego, Legendary Paper Plane, Resident Evil Legend Enhanced History Gives You Complete Search, Filters And Tags For Your Browser History Give Your Virtual Windows Desktops A Name With This AutoHotkey Script Career Can You Sue Someone For Giving You A Bad Reference? Deals: This Training Will Make You A Master Of Microsoft Office Five Things Your Boss Might Think If You 'Chuck A Sickie' This Friday Five Rules For Reaching Out To An Old Job Reference Business Travel Dealhacker: Save Up To 40 Per Cent On Virgin Business Class Seats This Weekend Pack Dried Oatmeal For A Filling, Quick In-Flight Meal Cheap US Hotels: When To Visit US Cities For Lower Hotel Rates Noise-Cancelling Headphone Faceoff: Sony MDR-1000X Vs B&O Play H9 Security WhatsApp Now Supports Two-Step Verification, Here's How To Turn It On It Takes Less Than Five Seconds To Get Past The Government's Anti-Piracy Site Blocks How Companies Use Your Data Even When You're Not Logged In Is It Legal To Stream Televised Content On Facebook Live? Small Business & Startups How I Succeeded: Adobe's Chris Skelton How Businesses Can Prepare For A Heatwave Elevator Pitch: Mad Paws How I Succeeded: Social Playground's Annabelle Smith IT Pro Cloud Microsoft Azure Cuts Prices On Virtual Machines And Cloud Storage In Australia Google G Suite Adds Security Features For Enterprise Administrators Slack Enterprise Grid Aims To Connect Small Teams In Large Organisations Dropbox Adds New Collaboration Features, Brings Paper Out Of Beta IT Career Ask What Set Previous Employees Apart To Get A Better Idea Of What The Role Entails Focus On The Future When Talking About A Job You Hate 'To Get A Yes, Expect A No' Killer Interview Question: What Was Your Claim To Fame In Your Previous Role? IT Security Smartphone Security: Pins, Patterns, Passwords Or Fingerprints? Phishing Attacks Had A Big Year In 2016, But Exploit Kits Will Make A Comeback In 2017 Hacker Gets Into 150,000 Exposed Printers And Makes Them Spit Out Funny Messages Many Popular Printers Have Numerous Security Vulnerabilities: Report Developer Don't Waste Money On Intel's Top Processor Deals: Learn The Ins And Outs Of Game Development With This Training Program Dev-Books Is A Massive Collection Of The Most Recommended Coding And Programming Books Tim Sweeney: 'Windows Cloud Is Ransomware' Deployment Why Microsoft Releases 'New' Drivers Dated In The Distant Past Android Lost Market Share In Australia Late Last Year Here's What's New In Windows 10 Build 15031 For Insiders Quitting Your Job Doesn't Mean You're Too Weak To Handle It Servers The Hard Drives Most (and Least) Likely To Fail, According To Backblaze Oracle Is Starting To Fine Customers Who Thought They Were Using Free Java Software Server Down: What Caused The ATO System Crash? ATO Website Crash: One Petabyte Of Data Lost Toggle navigation Life Money Home Entertainment Travel Health Design Work Productivity Communicate Organise Career Business Travel Security Small Business & Startups IT Pro Cloud IT Career IT Security Developer Deployment Servers What I Learned Doing Push-Ups Every Day For A Month How To Protect Your Cats Against Sydney's FPV Outbreak 8 Ways To Make Your Favourite Websites Run Faster Ask LH: What Are The Laws For Flying Drones In Australia? Last Week's Top Downloads Andy Orin Feb 6, 2017, 9:00pm ⋅ Filed to:  android apps apps download roundup downloads ios apps linux windows apps Share Every week, we share a number of downloads for all platforms to help you get things done. Here were the top downloads from last week. Get the Apple TV's Breathtaking Aerial Screensaver On Mac or Windows The high-flying Aerial screensaver is one of my favourite things about the 4th generation Apple TV. It looks so cool I often find myself watching it instead of catching up on my Netflix shows. Here's how to get it on your Mac or PC. Shift Is a Desktop Email Client That Easily Switches Between Gmail Accounts Windows/Mac/Linux: If you use multiple Gmail accounts, you're used to having to open several tabs for everything. Shift alleviates this problem by opening up several accounts in one handy desktop client. HandBrake Finally Leaves Beta, Improves Presets, Gets a Little Easier to Use HandBrake is the best tool for burning DVDs and converting video files on both Windows and Mac, and after 13 years in development, it has finally hit version 1.0. SaveMyTime Uses Your Phone Addiction to Track How You Spend Your Time Android: If you're one of the millions of people who pick up their phone every few minutes, SaveMyTime wants to hijack that habit. It replaces your lock screen to ask how you've spent your time since the last time you used your phone. Juice Gives Your MacBook a Customisable Battery Life Indicator Mac: Apple might have pulled the battery life indicator out of the MacBook, but there are plenty of third-party ways to bring it back. If you're looking for something a little more fun than just a number, Juice let's you set your own customisable icons for different battery levels. Duolingo Adds Clubs to Make Language Learning More Competitive Android/iPhone: Duolingo is easily one of the most popular language learning tools, and today it's been updated with a new club feature where you can pair up with friends to compete at learning new skills. Usage for Mac Tracks How Much Time You Spend In Each App Mac: If you've ever been curious about just how much time you spend in an app, Usage is a simple little utility that will track just that. Pana Is a Collaborative Travel Planning App With Automatic Flight Check-In Web/iOS: Travel planning apps are nothing new, but Pana has a couple of additional features that set it apart. For one, you can easily collaborate itineraries with other travellers. Even better, though, the app will automatically check you into flights to save some time. Comments Be the first to comment on this story! Log in Sign Up Guest Access Be the first to comment on this story! Cancel Reply Log In / Sign Up Name Email You are starting a new discussion. You are replying to a comment. Cancel Edit × Comment Voting Up Votes Down Votes × Only logged in users may vote for comments! Please log in or register to gain access to this feature. No Thanks Log In Sign Up × Get Permalink Close Trending Stories Right Now Foxtel Loses Millions After Shutting Down Presto Spandas Lui 10 Feb 2017 12:30 PM $27 million net loss and a value write-down of $297 million. Losses were blamed on Foxtel's decision to turf Presto last year and increasing competition in the pay-TV space. Here are the details. 12 Games To Test Your New PC Alex Walker 11 Feb 2017 4:00 PM Congratulations - you've just built your first gaming PC. Or maybe you're like Cecilia and you've just bought your first pre-built rig. Either way, you've got some fresh new hardware and now it's time to put it through its paces. Question is, what should you play? Here's 12 games to put a new gaming PC through its paces. Want Lifehacker's email newsletter? Subscribe Have a tip? Contact our editors! Latest Deals Deals: Learn The Ins And Outs Of Game Development With This Training Program Dealhacker: Save Up To 40 Per Cent On Virgin Business Class Seats This Weekend Deals: Become A UI/UX Designer With This 8 Course Training Bundle Deals: Ditch The Wires With These Magnetic Wireless Headphones Trending Articles 1 Foxtel Loses Millions After Shutting Down Presto 2 12 Games To Test Your New PC 3 This Is How Much The NBN Spends To Hook Up Your House 4 Don't Waste Money On Intel's Top Processor 5 BREAKING: Sydney Power Outage Caused By Freak Heatwave This One Weird Face Trick Helps Sailfish Wreck The Crap Out Of Prey This Is How Lame You Look Trying To Be Cool Online The Latest Slut-Shaming Episode Was Everything Good And Bad About Riverdale If This Really Is Bruce Springsteen's Lost Harry Potter Song, It Is Wickedly Terrible Overwatch Voice Actor: Mercy + Genji Would Be 'Hot As F**k' Steve Rogers' Supervillainy Will No Longer Be A Secret In Secret Empire Why Valve Loves Making PC Games Nioh's Sloth Magic Turns Bosses Into Jokes 12 Games To Test Your New PC Why Microsoft Releases 'New' Drivers Dated In The Distant Past Pack 'Outfit Rolls' For A Smoother Family Holiday Automatically Clean Out Dead Bookmarks In Firefox And Chrome US immigration agents arrest hundreds in surprise nationwide sweep This tiny device can record everything you say and transcribe it for you There are still 5 good reasons to use a desktop computer I stayed in a tiny house, and it made me want to throw out everything I own © 2007-2017 Allure Media About Advertise Contact Terms of Use Lifehacker International × Lifehacker International Lifehacker US Lifehacker Japan Close
Articles Comments QR Code Press Mobile Commerce – Technology News – QRCode Home Press Release Mobile Commerce Headlines Technology Jobs Wanted QR Code Press » Featured News, Mobile Apps, Technology News » Airline apps under development in United Airlines partnership with IBM and Apple Airline apps under development in United Airlines partnership with IBM and Apple February 6th, 2017 | Add a Comment 0040000 The goal is to come up with a complete fresh generation of mobile applications for United employees. United Airlines is working with IBM and Apple to come up with a brand new generation of mobile airline apps to be used by its employees. The intention to create the mobile applications reflects a new strategy underway at United Airlines. United has already issued over 50,000 Apple iPhones and iPads to its gate attendants, flight attendants and other front-line workers. This new effort with IBM and Apple will help those employees to be able to gain more functionality out of those devices with airline apps geared specifically to their needs. Linda Jojo, chief information officer at United Airlines, explained that “A partnership with Apple and IBM gives our app-development enterprise scale, reusability, and — most importantly — speed.” Jojo added, “We’re going to be able to deliver more tools and technologies faster to our front line than we could if we were building it all ourselves.” United is currently collecting feedback from its front-line workers to decide on functions and features for the airline apps. United’s top tech exec explained that the airline is hoping to develop the new mobile app features and functions based, in part, on the feedback received from the people who will actually use them. Jojo said that some of the tech currently under development helps flight attendants to remain in communication with maintenance teams regarding issues they have discovered. In this way, employees do not need to restrict their communications with each other to workstation computers. Instead, they can use mobile devices to share information. Among the many goals of these mobile apps is to be able to reduce congestion during emergency situation and to help smooth the flow during high traffic periods. Jojo said the airline apps reflect the new situation among the employees. “They’re not stuck behind a desk anymore,” she pointed out. The announcement of the applications is only the latest step they are taking within United’s partnership with Apple and IBM. That was first established in 2014 and is continually upgrading the technology-based processes used by the airline’s employees. Related Posts IBM and Apple partner up on business focused mobile app Mobile privacy…the end or the beginning? Mobile commerce platform seeks to break new ground Mobile commerce seeing boom of in-app purchasing Smartwatch technology from IBM could link patients to doctors Mobile payments could suffer from liability shift and confusion Written by Jennifer Goula Filed under: Featured News, Mobile Apps, Technology News · Tags: Airline apps, Apple, apple apps, employee apps, IBM, ibm apps, mobile applications, mobile apps, united airlines, united airlines apps PLEASE, NO SPAM... Leave a Reply Cancel reply Name * Email * (will not be published) Website Get It – Hot Mobile Trends Newsletter! sending... Name E-mail Check us out on Facebook… Facebook Categories Augmented Reality Commercial Entertainment Industry Fashion/Art Featured News Gadgets Health Care Industry International Marketing Mobile Apps Mobile Commerce Mobile Commerce Security Mobile Marketing Mobile Payments Near Field Communications QR Codes Social Media Marketing Sports Tablet Commerce Technology News Travel Trends United States Pages About Us Authors Augmented Reality Contact Us Mobile Commerce Mobile Marketing Mobile Payments Mobile Security NFC Technology Press Release Social Media Marketing Tablet Commerce Technology Jobs Wanted What is a QR Code Yop Poll Archive About QR Code Press and MCommerce Press Scan for our Facebook page We highlight the latest in the world of Mobile Commerce news so you can keep updated with the coolest technology available! Join us and explore the changes in how the world does business with new technology like Near Field Communications that enable mobile payments, Augmented Reality Apps, QR Code marketing techniques and Social Media marketing tactics. Learn from others how you can take your mobile marketing campaign to the next level by implementing successful mobile strategies. Enjoy and thanks for stopping by! © 2017 QR Code Press QRCodePress.com Win a Mogix Portable Battery Charger for your Phone & Tablet*!    -In our Monthly Giveaway- Subscribe to our email newsletter and automatically be entered to win… Sign-up and Enter. * indicates required field Name:* Email:* *Restrictions apply. See offer for details. ×
International Business Times UK UK LATEST NEWS Crime Property Culture Royalty World Latest News USA Europe Asia Africa Middle East The Americas Business LATEST NEWS Economy Companies Markets Finance Regulation Politics LATEST NEWS Fintech Latest news Blockchain Cryptocurrency Technology LATEST NEWS Smartphones Cybersecurity Innovation Social Media Games Motoring Science LATEST NEWS Space Environment Health Nature Archaeology Sport LATEST NEWS Football Tennis Golf Cricket F1 UFC Entertainment LATEST NEWS Movies Celebrity TV Music WWE Opinion LATEST NEWS Interview Analysis Reviews Video LATEST NEWS Business Technology Science Sport Entertainment Pictures LATEST NEWS Conflict Travel Arts Science Animal & Wildlife Photography Competition Log out Newsletter Signup Search Politics Donald Trump Donald Trump's immigration ban 'harms' American business say tech giants Google, Microsoft, Intel, and Apple give legal arguments against president's executive order. By Graham Lanktree February 6, 2017 09:10 GMT Close Trump's battle with judges over travel ban deemed 'constitutional crisis' IBTimes US President Donald Trump's controversial travel and immigration ban "inflicts significant harm on American business" argued America's most valuable tech companies – including Apple, Facebook, Google, and Intel– in a legal brief on Sunday (5 February) Lawyers representing 97 companies filed the court documents in support of a legal challenge against the president's executive order limiting travel and immigration from seven majority Muslim countries on 27 January. Other companies including Microsoft, Levi Strauss & Co., eBay, Netflix, and Uber were also on the brief. It provides legal arguments against the executive order. Trump's order has drawn several legal challenges after it blocked people and refugees with valid visas and residency cards from from Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen from entering the US for 90 days. His order sparked protests at airports throughout the country and around the world. "The order makes it more difficult and expensive for US companies to recruit, hire, and retain some of the world's best employees," argued the court brief issued largely by American tech companies. Trump's order, it said, "disrupts ongoing business operations. And it threatens companies' ability to attract talent, business, and investment to the United States." On 30 January Washington State sought an injunction to stop Trump's executive order. A federal judge in Seattle granted it on Friday 3 February, stating that the president's action "adversely affects the States' residents" employment, education, business, family relations, and freedom to travel. The Trump administration must justify the president's order in the court on Monday 6 February. The supporting brief sent by the companies is just one of several similar supporting documents, including ones sent by the State of Hawaii and US law professors. Over the weekend President Trump railed against the court's decision in a series of tweets, and challenged the validity of the judge, stating that "potential terrorists" could flood into the US as a result. "The opinion of this so-called judge, which essentially takes law-enforcement away from our country, is ridiculous and will be overturned!" Trump said on Saturday. Yet "immigrants make many of the Nation's greatest discoveries, and create some of the country's most innovative and iconic companies," argued the tech firms legal filing on Sunday. "Immigrants are among our leading entrepreneurs, politicians, artists, and philanthropists." More from IBTimes UK Elon Musk pushed Trump's Muslim travel ban to top of White House meeting agenda Julian Assange says Obama was a 'wolf in sheepskin' but Trump is a 'wolf in wolf's skin' Do not test Donald Trump's resolve, US Vice-President Mike Pence tells Iran Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close US warns North Korea of 'overwhelming' response if nuclear arms used Columnists Alastair Campbell “If Paul Dacre honestly thinks the Daily Mail is a reliable source, why won't he defend it? READ MORE Snow in London this weekend as UK weather turns Arctic Met Office and health experts warning drivers and the vulnerable to plan carefully ahead of icy blast. New Zealand: 400 whales wash up dead in huge mass beaching Volunteers worked to try to rescue the pilot whales but most died quickly after being beached. Wikipedia labels Daily Mail as 'unreliable' and bans it as a source for entries It claims newspaper "has a reputation for poor fact checking, sensationalism and flat-out fabrication." British woman has joined ranks of Kurdish fighters against Isis in Syria Hailing from Blackburn, Kimberley Taylor is involved in the US-backed operations to liberate Raqqa. Israel: 12th Dead Sea Scroll cave of Qumran discovered Archaeologists found a fragment of parchment tucked away in a corner of the cave. Couple arrested after autistic girl found locked in cage covered in excrement Mickey Sparks, 69, and Patricia Laws, 43, allegedly told officers the cage was used to 'control the child'. Man trapped underwater by digger saved by using yoga position The man adopted the cobra pose for hours to keep his nose just above water. Sir Tom Jones dating Priscilla Presley a year after wife's death Jones mourned the loss of his wife Linda following her death from cancer in April 2016. 'Baton rape' of black man in police custody sparks violent protests in France Four policemen were detained in connection to the abuse on 6 February. Kremlin's links to British far right stretch back a decade experts warn Links between Russia and senior UK far-right figures are being monitored by the British government. Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS
Home About Advertise Newsletter Contact News Liquid consummates Neotel acquisition Podcasts - TalkCentral - Top TalkCentral: Ep 167 – ‘Liquid assets’ Home In-depth News Off-beat Opinion Adii Pienaar Alan Knott-Craig Jr Aleks Gostev Alison Gillwald Alistair Fairweather Andrew Fraser Andrew Rens Andy Marken Angus Hay Anton Harber Anton Meyer Antony Seeff Arno du Toit Art Coviello Ayo Ajayi Bradley Shaw Brett Parker Cameron MacKenzie Candice Jones Chris Moerdyk Chris Roper Craig Lappan Craig Neill Craig Raw Craig Wilson Danie Nel Danie Pienaar Darryl Bernstein Dave Gale Dave MacDonald David Glance David Liu David Walker De Wet Bisschoff Denis Smit Dirk de Vos Dominic Cull Don MacRobert Duncan McLeod Eckart Zollner Elaine de Beer Eric Edelstein Eric MK Osiakwan Erika van der Merwe Etienne Louw Faith Muthambi Francois Beyleveld Fungai Sibanda Gaelyn Scott Gareth Knight Gavin Davis Genna Robb Gerard Soverall Gill Moodie Gisèle Wertheim Aymés Gizela Parker Graham Beneke Graham Braum Graham Friend Greg Mahlknecht Gregory Serandos Guy Zibi Helen Zille Henk Kleynhans Herman Blignaut Hillary Clinton Hilton Tarrant Howard Blake Howard Rybko Ihab Moawad Indra de Lanerolle Isaac Mophatlane Ismail Vadi Ivo Vegter Jacques Rousseau Jacqui O'Sullivan James Francis Jan Dawson Jana van Zyl Jannie van Zyl Jason Norwood-Young Jason Xenopoulos Jasson Urbach Joe Mjwara Jose Dos Santos Juanita Clark Justin McCarthy Justin Schwellnus Justin Spratt Karl Muller Kathleen Rice Keith Jones Keith Thabo Kenny Inggs Kevin Phillips Lara Pienaar Lawrence Lundy Leon G Marincowitz Lisa Thornton Lloyd Gedye Luke Muller Maphanga Maseko Marc Ashton Marcel Kramer Marian Shinn Marius Burger Mark Acton Mark Pretorius Mark Seftel Mark Taylor Mark Whitby Martha Bennett Matthew French Michael Jordaan Mike Mulcahy Mophethe Moletsane Muzi Makhaye Nafisa Akabor Nathan Jeffery Nathaniel Borenstein Neil Campbell Neil Watson Nic Callegari Nick Jones Owen Dean Pallo Jordan Paris Mashile Pascal Matzke Patricia de Lille Patrick Gaspard Paul Jacobson Paul Theron Peter Karaszi Peter Streicher Peter Walsh Pieter Steyn Prenesh Padayachee Pria Chetty Rachel Sikwane Regardt van der Berg Reshaad Sha Richard Firth Richard Mullins Rob Lith Roger Hislop Romeo Kumalo Russel Yeo Russell Lamberti Russell Southwood Ryk van Niekerk Saki Missaikos Sasha Naryshkine Schalk Nolte Shameel Joosub Shashi Hansjee Simon Dingle Sipho Hlongwane Sipho Maseko Siya Qoza Siyabonga Cwele Siyabonga Madyibi Songezo Zibi Steve Song Steven Ambrose Steven Cohen Styli Charalambous Sunil Gopal Suveer Ramdhani Tawana Kupe Thabiso Moerane Tim Genders Tim James Tim Parle Tim Shier Tim Walter Tim Wyatt-Gunning Timothy Kroon Toby Shapshak Tony Gunnarsson Verashni Pillay Vicky Stilwell Vincent Hoogduijn Vinolan David William Stucke Willington Ngwepe Yunus Carrim Zunaid Bulbulia People Podcasts TalkCentral TechCentral Podcast ZA Tech Show Reviews Start-ups Weekend About Advertise Newsletter Contact Chinese phone makers squeeze Apple Chinese smartphone brands Oppo and Huawei are tightening their grip on the world’s largest market, grabbing local share and squeezing out Apple and Samsung Electronics. Added by Agency Staff on 6 February 2017. Saved under Top, World Tags: Apple, Huawei, IDC, International Data Corp, OPPO, Samsung, Vivo, Xiaomi Tweet Oppo has taken the lead in China’s massive smartphone market Chinese smartphone brands Oppo and Huawei are tightening their grip on the world’s largest market, grabbing local share and squeezing out Apple and Samsung Electronics. After including Vivo, Chinese vendors held the top three slots and accounted for 48% of shipments in the country during 2016, research firm International Data Corp said. With a line-up of flexible- and curved-screen devices, they look set to dominate the market in 2017. A decline in Apple shipments in the fourth quarter highlighted how the iPhone 7 failed to make as big a splash in the face of escalating competition. Apple and Samsung have steadily ceded ground in China to aggressive local manufacturers since Xiaomi came on the scene around 2011. Xiaomi itself was ranked fifth in 2016, as Oppo, Huawei Technologies and Vivo phones were the top three sellers, accounting for 48% of shipments last year and relegating the US company to fourth spot, IDC said in a report released Monday. “Even though the new black-coloured iPhones caught the attention of consumers, overall, the new launches did not create as much of a frenzy compared to the past,” IDC said in its report, a regular and closely watched release. Chinese vendors are marketing higher-end gadgetry that appeals to consumers seeking Apple-like quality and innovation. iPhone shipments plummeted 23,2% in 2016, shrinking Apple’s market share to just 9,6% — the lowest in about two years. Samsung didn’t even figure in the top five. China had for years driven Apple’s spectacular growth even as smartphone demand elsewhere faltered. But the country’s slowdown, regulatory tangles and — critically — the ascendancy of cheaper but just-as-good local alternatives took its toll. The country remains pivotal to the company’s business, especially with developed markets saturated and Apple still exploring promising countries such as India, where price is king and the US company barely registers in market rankings. Apple may regain ground with the next iPhone later this year, the 10th anniversary of the device that ushered in the modern smartphone industry. Apple is expected to showcase the best features it can bring to bear in an increasingly commoditised market. “Apple’s 10-year anniversary iPhone will also likely attract some of the high-end Android users in China to convert to an iPhone,” IDC said. In the meantime, local brands hold sway. Oppo, Huawei and Vivo took advantage of vast store networks as online handset sales plateaued. Along with improved customer service and a push to open their own retail stores, especially in smaller cities, Chinese smartphone makers have moved away from budget devices. Frontrunner Oppo saw shipments grow from a little more than 35m units in 2015 to 78,4m last year, IDC estimates. Vivo also nearly doubled its annual shipments. Overall, 467,3m smartphones were moved in China last year, up 8,7% from 2015. Now local vendors are setting their sights overseas. Huawei, which sells about half its smartphones abroad, is targeting US$33bn in 2017 revenue for its consumer electronics division, which sells smartphones, wearable devices and tablets. Chinese brands, led by Vivo, have already muscled out local rivals in India and are increasingly challenging Samsung, the leader there. “We expect these vendors to increase their shipments in the international market, with India as a key target for these top Chinese vendors,” IDC said its report.  — (c) 2017 Bloomberg LP Share this article Tweet Connect with TechCentral Follow TechCentral on Twitter Connect with TechCentral on Facebook Connect with TechCentral on Google+ Subscribe to our newsletter Articles by comments (7 days) 22‘Please call me’ man hits back at Vodacom 8Set-top box dispute goes to arbitration 5ICT white paper a big risk to SA [podcast] 4Watch: Chaos erupts in parliament 3Uber CEO quits Trump advisory council Home About Advertise Newsletter Contact RSS ↑ TechCentral TechCentral Log in - (c) 2009 - 2015 NewsCentral Media
« Return to Mobile Website Newsletters Sign-Up Schedule a Demo Does My Company Subscribe? Client Login eMarketer PRO Login eMarketer Retail Login Does my company subscribe? Contact Us Newsletters Sales: 1-800-405-0844 Articles Customer Stories Plans Product Tour Research Topics Request Pricing Apple's Plan for Selling iPhones in India? To build them there February 6, 2017 | Mobile Share Email Print Government officials from India’s Karnataka state announced that they have accepted a proposal from Apple to begin assembling iPhones in the country for the first time. Several media reports indicated that iPhones would be assembled in or near Bengaluru, a city considered the center of India’s tech and startup sectors. Priyank Kharge, an IT minister for Karnataka, told Reuters that he believed Apple would “tentatively begin manufacturing iPhones in the state by the end of April or beginning of May.” Apple’s motivations for setting up shop in India are obvious—eMarketer estimates just more than one-fifth of the country’s population will own a smartphone by the end of the year, giving Apple and competing manufacturers a largely untapped market of new customers. Apple’s India strategy is also a hedge against its maturing position in countries where it has experienced lots of success, but where the iPhone is nearing its saturation point among consumers. The manufacturing giant has made no secret of its designs in India. CEO Tim Cook visited the country in May 2016, to glad-hand Prime Minister Narendra Modi and announce the creation of an app design and development accelerator in Bengaluru. In July, Cook confirmed that Apple planned to open retail stores in India, although that has yet to happen. But so far, Apple has not been able to replicate the iPhone’s blockbuster sales seen in countries like the US and China. According to data from Counterpoint Technology Market Research, Apple was the 10th-ranked smartphone manufacturer in terms of shipments in India in Q4 2016. Counterpoint noted that Chinese manufacturers—like Oppo, Xiaomi and Vivo—that offer inexpensive devices snagged a 46% share of smartphone shipments for the quarter, a reflection of price-conscious consumers dominating the market. However, Counterpoint also noted that Apple controlled 62% of the market share for devices priced above $650, a sign that there could be pent-up demand for iPhones, but that many consumers in India may not be able to afford them yet. That’s not to say Apple hasn’t thought about these price-sensitive consumers. Last year, government regulators shut down a plan by Apple to sell refurbished iPhones at a deep discount over new devices, saying it would create too much electronic waste. Apple reportedly spent months hashing out the details of its manufacturing and assembly plans in India, and for good reason. Under the government policy initiative “Make In India,” designed to draw more manufacturing to the country, foreign-owned single-brand retailers like Apple are required to source at least 30% of the components for their goods domestically—following a grace period of several years. In practical terms, Apple itself would not actually manufacture or assemble any iPhones, instead contracting an outside company to handle the details. Several media reports named Taiwanese manufacturer Wistron Corporation as Apple’s contractor of choice for operations in India. —Rahul Chadha Test Your Customer Acquisition and Data-Driven Marketing Know-How A large-scale priority for most marketers is acquiring new customers. But in order to maximize the effectiveness of dollars allocated to acquisition efforts, marketers must place a weighty emphasis on data. Take this eMarketer quiz to measure your aptitude of data-driven marketing and its impact on customer acquisition Receive a complimentary eMarketer report upon completion of the quiz Made possible by Neustar Previous Article Next Article Latest from eMarketer Latest Articles Latest Webinars For Twitter, a High-Impact Conundrum Consumers Seem a Little Cloudy About the Cloud Smartphones from Oppo, Vivo Make Gains on the iPhone in China More Articles » eMarketer Daily Newsletter » Cross-Device Targeting—What to Watch for in 2017 Mid-Holiday Season Retail Update & Post-Thanksgiving Recap Key Digital Trends for 2017 More Webinars » More on this Topic Smartphones from Oppo, Vivo Make Gains on the iPhone in China Lessons Learned from John Lewis' Mcommerce Efforts How Do You Say 'Finland' in Emoji? Go beyond the articles: eMarketer Products You've never experienced research like this. SEE FEATURES » Hear from our clients: Customer Stories Nearly all Fortune 500 companies rely on us. READ MORE » Want to learn more? Contact Us Inquire about corporate subscriptions today. CONTACT SALES » About eMarketer Contact Us Why eMarketer Events Newsroom Advertising Opportunities Career Opportunities Privacy Policy Call Us: 1-800-405-0844 Coverage by Topic Advertising & Marketing B2B Demographics Ecommerce Email Media Usage, Buying & Planning Mobile Search Social Video NEW! Create your own charts on these topics, instantly. Try it now > Coverage by Geography Asia-Pacific Central & Eastern Europe Latin America Middle East & Africa North America Western Europe Coverage by Industry Automotive Consumer Products Financial Services Media & Entertainment Pharma & Healthcare Retail Travel Popular Articles Why Marketers Haven't Mastered Multichannel TV Campaigns Extend Reach via Facebook Ads How Effective Has Personalization Been So Far? Explore More Articles »         Copyright 2016 eMarketer Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Jump to Navigation AU EDITION | Saturday, February 11, 2017 As of 8:13 PM AEST Subscribe AU Edition Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition U.K. Edition U.S. Edition FOLLOW | Make IBT your homepage Search Home Business News Sports Life Entertainment Video Technology Apple iPhone 8 Plus vs LG G6: Apple to focus on Siri while LG gears up for Google Assistant By Ritwik Roy @ritwikroy1985 on February 06 2017 7:31 PM 0 0 0 0 The Apple logo is seen on the facade of the new Apple Store in Paris, France, January 5, 2017. Reuters/Charles Platiau While Apple is believed to release three iPhones in 2017 and one of them is definitely the Apple iPhone 8, there could also be an Apple iPhone 8 Plus, just like the iPhone 7 Plus. Moreover, the LG G6 is also a highly-expected device that will boast some really amazing specs and at a lower price than the Apple flagship. The LG smartphone is slated to be released during the company’s Feb, 26 event. It is expected to sport an all-metal design and dual rear cameras, as per fresh leaked photos. According to Gadgets 360, the LG G6 leaks also show a 3.5mm headphone jack. This feature will surely not coming to Apple iPhone 8. A rear-mounted fingerprint scanner has also been reported. All these are in line with earlier leaks. New leaked case renders have also confirmed the same. As per the recent leaks reported by Under KG, the LG G6 will have a brushed metal design with a matte finish. The fingerprint scanner may also serve as the power button. microSD card support is also shown. Various other leaks have confirmed various versions of the LG G6 flagship. At the bottom, the device may have mono-speakers alongside USB Type-C charging port. The SIM slot will be at the right and the left panel will have the volume buttons. LG will be dropping the G5 modular design in favour of an all-metal design. A new heat pipe cooling tech has also been reported to take away heat from the processor. In order to make the smartphone waterproof, LG may ditch the non-removable battery. Apple iPhone 8 Plus will also boast some pretty impressive specs. The LG G6 will be the first non-Pixel phone to come with the Google Assistant, a feature currently found only in Google Pixel phones. A Snapdragon 821 processor will be incorporated into the device. The Apple iPhone 8 Plus may sport a 5.8-inch Super AMOLED capacitive touchscreen with screen resolution of 1080 x 1920 pixels. It could have a sapphire crystal glass with oleophobic coating. It will be IP67 certified and will have Apple Pay. 3D Touch Display, Home button and Display zoom could also be included, reviews GSMArena. The Apple iPhone 8 Plus will run on iOS 11 and may be powered by an Apple A11 quad-core chipset. It may have a 4GB RAM and come in 32/128/256GB internal storage options. Wireless charging, front-mounted fingerprint scanner and highly upgraded Siri Virtual Assistant are also expected. On the camera front, the LG G6 could have a dual 16 MP (29mm, f/1.8) + 16 MP (12mm, f/1.8) primary camera with laser autofocus, OIS (3-axis) and LED flash. The secondary camera could be of 12MP. The Apple iPhone 8 Plus may also sport a dual 12 MP (28mm, f/1.8, OIS & 56mm, f/2.8) primary camera with phase detection autofocus, 2x optical zoom and quad-LED (dual tone) flash. The secondary camera could be of 7MP. Stay tuned on IBT AU for more updates on Apple iPhone 8 Plus and LG G6 smartphones. Submit Correction 0 0 0 Related Apple CEO Tim Cook teases ‘exciting things’ for Apple iPhone 8 Samsung Galaxy S8 & LG G6 comparison: LG with first-mover advantage Join the Discussion 0 0 0 Search Most Shared Most Read 1 ‘Better Call Saul’ season 3: Gus Fring’s connection with Nacho 0 Shares 2 'Days Of Our Lives' spoilers for Feb. 9: Stefano makes an appearance in ‘DOOL’ for the last time; Salem prepares for a Valentine’s Day wedding 0 Shares 3 NBA Trade Deadline: Lakers trying to move Timofey Mozgov, Luol Deng 0 Shares 4 'Outlander' effect: Aussie mum turns son into 'Mini Jamie' 0 Shares 5 ‘Outlander’ season 3: Pack up from Scotland 0 Shares 6 ‘Outlander’ season 3: Sam Heughan heading to South Africa 0 Shares 7 Super Bowl 2017 results: Patriots rally back to beat Falcons 34-28, videos, highlights, reactions 0 Shares 8 ‘Vikings’ season 5 air date: The show is ‘coming later this year’ 0 Shares 9 ‘Vikings’ season 5 spoilers: 10 things we know so far 0 Shares 10 WrestleMania 33: The Undertaker likely to be retired by Roman Reigns 0 Shares Follow Us Please enter a valid email Like us Follow us Full site feed HashChing reveals suburb mortgages are higher than the city average ASADA chief Ben McDevitt to step down Allphones Australia closes 18 stores Australian retail sales for December decline 0.1 percent Woolworths self-service checkouts increase AMP reports first full year loss since 2003 More Business Economy Markets Companies Real Estate Banking & Finance Killer clown sentenced to 6 months for terrorising pregnant British woman with axe Australia's largest cocaine bust in NSW coast Sydney lashed with thunderstorms, transportation heavily affected South Australian researcher Basil Hetzel dies at 94 Small 2.7-magnitude earthquake rattles Adelaide Australian man whose girlfriend died in jet-ski crash pleads guilty More News Australia Asia Pacific Africa The Americas Europe Middle East F1 2017: Sign up for beta test, only 900 applicants allowed to try next Formula One game NBA Trade Deadline: Rockets pushing for Serge Ibaka, Magic willing to deal forward NBA Trade Deadline: Celtics to make strong push for Jimmy Butler, Paul George 'Mutant Football League' release date, PC demo, trailer, details NBA 2K eLeague: Full details, draft, launch date, NBA 2K17 teaser, Adam Silver statement WWE Elimination Chamber: Bray Wyatt expected to win WWE championship More Sports AFL NRL Rugby Union Cricket Soccer Tennis Motor Sports Basketball NFL Fight Sports More More NES Classic Editions soon; ‘Fire Emblem Heroes’ available on iOS & Android Samsung Galaxy S7 vs iPhone 6s: Camera comparison [VIDEO] 'The Last Of Us 2' is 'a story worthy of Joel and Ellie' 'Final Fantasy XV' director hints at PC compatibility 8Pack OrionX: The most expensive gaming PC Researchers call to end long work hours for Australians More Life Environment & Science Health & Wellbeing Gaming Technology Travel & Food Fashion & Beauty Art & Design 'General Hospital' spoilers for Feb. 9, 2017: Sonny seeks revenge; Julian’s past catches up on him; Dante questions Carly’s commitment 'The Young and the Restless' spoilers for Feb. 9, 2017: Sharon searches for divorce papers; Nick and Chelsea try something new 'Orange Is the New' Black season 5 to debut summer 2017 ‘NCIS’ season 14 episode 14 recap: Comeback of the Sherlocks amid murder mystery European countries joke to be second as Trump insists ‘America First' 'Blue Bloods' Season 7 Episode 15 spoilers: ‘Lost Souls’ centres on difficult choices, inner conflicts and the ugly side of finding justice More Entertainment Movies TV Celebrities Music McLaren 570GT Review: Grand, But No Touring Car IBTimes Newsletters Sign up to get the latest headlines delivered to your inbox every morning. We value your privacy. Your email address will not be shared. Sections Home Business News Sports Life Entertainment Video IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Careers Contact Terms of Service Privacy Policy IBT Media Syndication Editions Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved.
e-paper India Follow us: Today in New Delhi, India Feb 11, 2017-Saturday -°C New Delhi Humidity - Wind - select city Metro cities - Delhi Mumbai Chennai Kolkata Other cities - Noida Gurgaon Bengaluru Hyderabad Bhopal Chandigarh Dehradun Indore Jaipur Lucknow Patna Ranchi Powered by Close india world cities opinion cricket sports entertainment lifestyle tech education whatnow photos videos Livemint Livehindustan Shine HTcampus Mycollegesabroad Desimartini Samsung Galaxy S8 might be cheaper than iPhone 7, Google Pixel Samsung might bet on the S8 to take it to new highs against its fight against Apple after its setback with the Galaxy Note 7.tech Updated: Feb 06, 2017 13:13 IST HT Correspondent Hindustan Times (via VentureBeat) Samsung is betting on the Galaxy S8 to make a comeback to the smartphone market and it is betting big after the Galaxy Note 7 fiasco which allowed rivals such as Apple and Google to take advantage of the situation. According to a Chinese tipster who works for Samsung, the phone will launch in the 128GB variant in Chinese and Korean markets. India and other Asian markets will see both the 64GB and 128GB variants with Europe seeing the release of a 4GBRAM/64GB memory variant only. As per leaks, the Samsung Galaxy S8 is expected to come in two sizes -- the 5.8-inch Galaxy S8 and the 6.2-inch Galaxy S8 Plus. The Chinese tipster claims that a 6GB RAM variant of the Galaxy S8 in India may come at CNY 6,088 (about Rs 59,000) for the 64GB model, while the 128GB unit will cost CNY 6,488 (Rs 63,000 approx). According to Twitter tipster Ricciolo, the S8 may be priced at EUR 849 (roughly Rs. 61,700), making it more expensive than last year’s premium Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge variant. Read: Is this the Samsung S8? May sport Beast mode, bezel-less AMOLED display However, comparing it to 128 GB models of the Google Pixel and the Apple iPhone 7, the Galaxy S8 will be cheaper if the tip offs are correct. The 4GB RAM variant might also be launched in India , but there is no information on its pricing. The S8 and S8 Plus is also speculated to come with a AMOLED display. However, experts claimed that the S8 Plus has similar overall footprint as the now-discontinued Galaxy Note7. According to a tipster on Weibo who has been accurate on previous calls related to Samsung devices, the Galaxy S8 will feature 8GB of RAM. In addition, it will also sport a UFS 2.1 flash storage chip as well as a dual-camera setup at the rear just like the iPhone 7 Plus.Both the phones might be powered either by a Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 processor or an Exynos 8895. The devices are expected to run on Android 7.0 Nougat. Samsung might also include its new AI-powered assistants reportedly named Bixby (male) and Kestra (female) with the Galaxy S8. Speculations are adrift that Google is talking to the Galaxy device maker about making Google Assistant the only voice-activated personal assistant on the device. tags Samsung Samsung Galaxy Samsung Galaxy S8 S8 Apple more from tech Your OnePlus 3 and 3T to have improved camera, smart Wi-Fi switcher and more Feb 10, 2017 21:08 IST GST Council will have to decide on Apple’s make in India demands, says govt Feb 10, 2017 20:51 IST Recommended for you Presenting sponsor co-sponsor partner India World Business Education Autos Real estate Opinion Analysis Columns Editorials Blogs Authors Cities Delhi Gurgaon Noida Mumbai Bhopal Chandigarh Dehradun Indore Jaipur Kolkata Lucknow Patna Ranchi Sports Cricket Football Tennis Others Entertainment Movie reviews Bollywood Hollywood Regional movies World cinema TV Music Tabloid Lifestyle Sex & relationship Health & fitness Fashion & trends Art & culture Travel Books Brunch Tech Tech Reviews Gadgets Photos Videos Epaper HT Indepth Punjab Livemint Livehindustan Shine HTcampus Desimartini HTsyndication Follow us on: Newsletter Register with Hindustan Times to get best news and articles Copyright © HT Media Limited All rights reserved. About us Contact us Privacy policy Disclaimer Print Ad rates Jobs ‘Religion’, ‘animal thirst’ cited as reasons to approve infra projects in wildlife areas Feb 11, 2017 01:29 IST Uttar Pradesh election: Voting today for first phase in the big battle of the b... Feb 11, 2017 02:22 IST Sasikala’s MLAs: ‘Locked up’ in luxury, without their freedom Feb 11, 2017 00:57 IST Note ban hit India’s industrial production, says Jaitley Feb 11, 2017 00:50 IST Note ban was reason Raghuram Rajan left the RBI, claims Chidambaram Feb 11, 2017 01:46 IST Swine Flu claims 16 lives in Telangana . Feb 11, 2017 00:41 IST Jallikattu held in Tamil Nadu’s Alanganallur, 47 left injured Feb 11, 2017 00:39 IST Trump, Abe pledge deeper trade and security ties between US-Japan Feb 11, 2017 01:04 IST US President Trump promises action ‘very rapidly’ after travel ban halted Feb 11, 2017 02:05 IST Trump says conversation with China’s Xi was ‘very warm’ Feb 11, 2017 00:34 IST Brazil threatens striking police with prosecution as death toll tops 120 Feb 11, 2017 00:02 IST Travel ban ruling is ‘a disgraceful decision’: Donald Trump Feb 10, 2017 23:16 IST Muslim woman denied teaching job for wearing Hijab wins discrimination case in ... Feb 10, 2017 21:42 IST Boko Haram ambush kills eight soldiers in NE Nigeria Feb 10, 2017 21:24 IST delhi gurgaon noida mumbai bhopal chandigarh dehradun indore jaipur kolkata lucknow patna ranchi After Versova mangrove destruction case, Mumbai suburban collector ready with action plan Feb 11, 2017 01:11 IST Mumbai: Get ready to pay up to 200% more for parking Feb 11, 2017 01:10 IST Chhagan Bhujbal money laundering case : Former MET employees want to turn appro... Feb 11, 2017 01:06 IST Bar council approves syllabus for Maharashtra’s law entrance examination Feb 11, 2017 01:03 IST HT Kala Ghoda Arts Festival in Mumbai: Behind the scenes with Ashwin Sanghi Feb 11, 2017 01:08 IST Bombay HC will not withdraw restraint for tree cutting for Metro 3 Feb 11, 2017 00:56 IST HT Kala Ghoda Arts Festival in Mumbai: The importance of writing right about art Feb 11, 2017 00:54 IST Mumbai civic polls: Bandra, Khar, Santacruz residents give candidates their wis... Feb 11, 2017 00:55 IST HT Kala Ghoda Arts Festival in Mumbai: Tears greet premiere of film on Rhythm H... Feb 11, 2017 00:49 IST analysis columns editorials blogs authors Can the low-key Akhilesh Yadav win the high-stakes UP battle? Feb 11, 2017 01:39 IST Green card blues are here to stay . Feb 10, 2017 21:17 IST Who’s afraid of the Naga Mothers? . Feb 10, 2017 21:21 IST JNU a year after: Belying predictions, campus politics is thriving. Here’s why Feb 10, 2017 17:39 IST SWOT analysis: Panneerselvam has the strength to defeat Sasikala, but his weaknesses... Feb 10, 2017 20:51 IST Blind cricket World T20: India beat Sri Lanka by 10 wickets to enter final Feb 11, 2017 01:35 IST Why Virat Kohli scores bigger hundreds when he is India captain Feb 10, 2017 22:45 IST Wriddhiman Saha, Ajinkya Rahane ride Virat Kohli’s ‘hammer the ball’ ploy Feb 10, 2017 21:16 IST Pakistan Super League: Sharjeel Khan , Khalid Latif suspended in spot-fixing row Feb 10, 2017 21:21 IST ICC Women’s World Cup Qualifier: India beat Ireland to book Super six berth Feb 10, 2017 20:52 IST football tennis other sports ht gifa Australian teen suspended from professional tennis after match-fixing allegation Feb 11, 2017 00:03 IST Blind cricket World T20: India beat Sri Lanka by 10 wickets to enter final Feb 11, 2017 01:35 IST I-League derby: Still 33 points to play for, says East Bengal coach Morgan Feb 11, 2017 00:09 IST Hockey India League: Last-gasp goal helps UP Wizards eke out draw with Lancers Feb 10, 2017 22:59 IST Why Virat Kohli scores bigger hundreds when he is India captain Feb 10, 2017 22:45 IST movie reviews bollywood hollywood regional movies world cinema tv music tabloid Never watched porn to research for my character in Sexaholic: Shama Sikander Feb 10, 2017 21:14 IST Grammy Awards to include first-ever transgender ‘trophy girl’ Feb 10, 2017 21:15 IST I got stuck in a rut on TV doing the same thing over and over again: Ronit Roy Feb 10, 2017 20:57 IST Shah Rukh and Aamir Khan pose for photos at party Feb 10, 2017 20:51 IST Naam Shabana trailer: Baby prequel has all the ingredients of a taut thriller Feb 10, 2017 20:48 IST sex & relationships health & fitness fashion & trends art & culture travel books more from lifestyle brunch weekend What are you doing on Valentine’s Day? Bet you can’t beat the mosquito Feb 10, 2017 21:15 IST If you heart champagne: Easy breezy bubbly cocktails for Valentine’s Day Feb 10, 2017 20:50 IST Bodybuilding vs Crossfit: Here is everything you need to know Feb 10, 2017 20:28 IST Spot the difference between these two anarkalis. Can’t? Here’s why! Feb 10, 2017 19:42 IST National Deworming Day: Washing hands may save a stunted population Feb 10, 2017 21:31 IST Your OnePlus 3 and 3T to have improved camera, smart Wi-Fi switcher and more Feb 10, 2017 21:08 IST GST Council will have to decide on Apple’s make in India demands, says govt Feb 10, 2017 20:51 IST WhatsApp gets two-setep verification for Android, iPhones and Windows Feb 10, 2017 20:33 IST Apple’s 10th anniversary iPhone 8 may support wireless charging Feb 10, 2017 20:31 IST BHIM app registration crossed 140 lakh: Prasad Feb 10, 2017 19:46 IST Facebook, Twitter, Whatsapp are all selling you to be able to sell to you Feb 10, 2017 13:13 IST Waiting for Nokia’s return? You might be able to buy a handset without a flash sale... Feb 09, 2017 17:11 IST From 2018, single exam for engineering and architecture across India Feb 10, 2017 21:10 IST IIM Kozhikode Post Graduate Programme batch records 100% placements Feb 10, 2017 16:47 IST Directors of 10 IIMs, including IIM Bangalore, appointed Feb 11, 2017 00:02 IST Medical admissions in Gujarat to be given on pro-rata basis under NEET: Govt Feb 10, 2017 15:25 IST Meet students from IIM Lucknow who refused jobs to chase their dreams Feb 10, 2017 15:13 IST Celebrating splendour and class at the ‘21 Gun Salute’ vintage car rally Feb 10, 2017 19:55 IST Muzaffarnagar riots: Three years on, no conviction in gang rape cases Feb 10, 2017 17:11 IST As campaigning draws to a close, Uttar Pradesh gears up to vote Feb 09, 2017 19:43 IST Preparations on for the Jallikattu bull-taming event Feb 08, 2017 21:01 IST Jat protests: Clamour for reservation grows Feb 08, 2017 16:31 IST Candidate arrives on ‘arthi’ to file his nomination Feb 10, 2017 15:39 IST 49 bull-tamers injured during Jallikattu in Madurai Feb 10, 2017 12:30 IST Congress leaders react to PM Modi’s ‘raincoat’ remark Feb 09, 2017 18:40 IST On the Move: Boatmen of UP grapple for identity Feb 09, 2017 11:28 IST PM Modi: SP is housing goons, women safety in UP is threatened Feb 08, 2017 17:50 IST business ht-indepth real-estate autos punjab epaper ht-brand stories
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Feb 11, 3:59 AM EST Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology Tim Cook Talks iPhone 8, Siri, Home Automation, CarPlay In Apple Investor Call: Expected Product Developments in 2017 By Rishabh Jain On 02/06/17 AT 3:25 AM Close Tim Cook had indicated a lot of developments from Apple in his quarterly earnings call last week. He indicated that the company’s flagship smartphone, the iPhone still had much more technological evolution to go for. Here is the range of products that the Apple CEO talked about and based on how they are expected to develop in 2017. iPhone 8 “I think the smartphone is still in the early innings of the game,” Cook said about the iPhone. Could this be an indication of some new technological changes coming to the device so as to keep it in “the game?” Apple generally launches just one phone per year compared to its competitors such as Samsung and LG, which have devices at various price ranges and have round the year launches. Apple's upcoming device, the iPhone 8 will face major competition from Samsung’s flagship – the Galaxy S8, which is expected to come with features such as an artificially intelligent voice assistant, an edge-to-edge display, a 10nm processor and an IP68 standard waterproof body. The device is expected to release by late March/early April. The iPhone 8 will be determining Apple’s fortunes for the year and therefore will have to match up to, if not march ahead of the device. It is therefore expected to come with features such as wireless charging, face recognition, IP68 standard waterproofing and a 10nm processor. Apple has a range of products beyond its flagship smartphone, which gets a lot of hype. Here’s how some of its products and services are expected to develop this year. Siri Since October last year, when Google revealed the Assistant, it’s artificially intelligent (AI) voice assistant, smartphone companies have become increasingly focused on artificial intelligence. Google, Amazon and HTC have already launched their voice assistants, while Samsung reportedly has its own, Bixby in the works, expected to debut with the Galaxy S8. Given the competition, Apple is expected to ramp up Siri.  Apple acquired an Australian start-up called Turi in August 2016. Turi had developed a technology which will help developers create apps with machine learning and AI capabilities. If Apple endows Siri with the same capabilities, it would put it way ahead of the competition as Siri would not only act as an AI voice assistant but also interact with apps to ensure increased user-response based usage. Apple Services Apple Services business made $7.1 billion in revenues for Apple during the last quarter. “I talked about home automation, but I could have talked about Health or CarPlay. Enterprise use is growing. When I look at all of these things, we’ve got exciting things in the pipeline and I feel really good about it,” the company’s CEO had said during the investor call. The company is expected to evolve its services further, especially CarPlay, which competes with Google’s Android Auto. While Google is working on expanding the vehicles division by developing products such as the Waymo self-driving cars, Apple has confirmed that it is working on its self-driving cars. Its other services including Apple Music are also expected to improve with the company producing its own moves and original TV shows. Home Automation “Now, when I say ‘Good Morning’ to Siri, my house lights come on and my coffee starts brewing. When I go to the living room to relax in the evening, I use Siri to adjust the lighting and turn on the fireplace… Related Stories Apple Returns To Success By Beating Earnings Expectations Apple's iOS 10.3 Beta Leaks Important Message To Developers, Users …And when I leave the house, a simple tap of my iPhone turns the lights off, adjusts the thermostat down, and locks the doors. When I return to my house in the evening as I’m near my home, the house prepares itself for my arrival automatically by using a simple geofence.” Tim Cook explained his daily regimen in detail. While the CEO hasn’t revealed anything about future Apple products, the stress on home automation during the call could be indicative of Apple’s work on the technology. Could Apple be working on smart speaker like the Amazon Echo or the Google Home? If Siri becomes evolved, there is a chance that its presence might not be restricted to just iPhones, iPads and after the Sierra update, MacBooks. The company could make use of an evolved voice assistant and make a smart device, maybe a speaker, which could certainly help in developing smart homes controlled by Siri. Join the Discussion Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Business US Companies Continue Moving Jobs To Mexico Despite the threats of a 35 percent tariff, American companies are moving forward to lay off hundreds of US jobs. Technology Leaked Branding Hints At Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus A popular tech informant has shared the name of one of the Galaxy S8 models. World Snowden Says Report Proves He Never Spied For Russia Edward Snowden, who was given refuge in Russia in 2013, is facing espionage charges in the U.S. for leaking documents about secret mass surveillance programs. National Dossier On Trump-Russia Ties Gaining Credibility: Report While people didn't take the documents seriously when they first came to light, a large number are reassessing their stance following Trump’s stand on Russia during his campaign. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Pocket-lint News Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR All News Reviews Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR All Reviews Features YouTube Instagram Facebook Twitter Google+ search Phones Best Phone Cameras Fitness trackers Parent hub Smart home MWC 2017 search Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus: Release date, rumours and everything you need to know Britta O'Boyle10 February 2017Phones Pocket-lint Facebook Twitter Pintrest LinkedIn Google+ Mail Comment Samsung announced the Galaxy S7 and S7 edge in March 2016 and the two devices received huge amounts of praise for their design, powerful specs and great cameras. No smartphone is perfect though. There will always be a few specs in the rumours that never see the light of day, leaving some disappointed and wanting more. Don't worry though, more is on its way. Here is what the rumours suggest could appear on Samsung's 2017 flagship phones. Samsung Galaxy S8 vs Galaxy S7: What's the rumoured difference? Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus: Release date and price 29 March launch likely, not MWC On sale from mid-April Smaller S8 said to cost around €800, larger around €900 Previous release patterns would suggest the Samsung Galaxy S8 would launch at Mobile World Congress 2017, which was also suggested by Ricciolo on Twitter and Phone Arena. As months have past however, an MWC announcement is looking less and less likely for the next flagship smartphone, with the show expected to be the platform for the Tab S3 tablet instead. Meanwhile, it is thought Samsung will be hitting the Big Apple for the SGS8 launch, rumoured for New York City in April. Slashleaks claimed the rumoured date is 18 April, but ET News has said it will be 15 April and there has also been more recent talk of 29 March, which has been reiterated by VentureBeat. It is however thought Samsung will use MWC to reveal the Tab S3 tablet instead, with perhaps a sneak preview of the S8 rather than a complete unveiling of the phone.  In terms of availability, Ricciolo claimed the device will go on sale on week 17, which is 24 to 28 April, for £849. VentureBeat has said the smaller S8 would cost €799 in Europe and the larger S8 Plus would cost €899 however. The site also said the devices would go on sale on 21 April, which is slightly earlier than what Ricciolo claimed. SamMobile noted a report from ET News that said Samsung has confirmed it will produce 10 million units of the S8 in time for an April launch however so while the exact date is still up in the air, it looks like the month is clear. Samsung Galaxy Tab S3: What's the story so far? Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus: Two phones? No flat models rumoured, with two curved instead A 6.2-inch device called S8 Plus suggested Other model claimed to be 5.7-inches or 5.8-inches Rumours claim that instead of releasing two devices, one with a flat bezel, the other curved, Samsung will break from tradition and stick with just the latter this time around. After all, it only offered the curved display on the Galaxy Note 7 and a leak from Phone Arena only talks about a dual edge curved display device, with no mention of a flat alternative, while a leak of front panels also suggests two curved handsets. SamMobile reported that its insiders have claimed there will be two models, which are being referred to internally as Dream and Dream2 and the Guardian has also claimed sources have confirmed this, along with VentureBeat. The newspaper and VentureBeat have both said the two models would be curved and while the Guardian said one will have a 5-inch or so display and the other will have a 6-inch or so display, VentureBeat has said they will be 5.8-inches and 6.2-inches. South Korean news outlet The Bell also supports the idea of two models, though it says one will have a 6.2-inch display and the other with a 5.7-inch display. It too says both will be curved and will be called the Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus, which makes sense as there would be no need to call one edge if both have dual-edged displays. Veniamin Geskin Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus: Design No home button and minimal bezels rumoured Similar dimensions to S7 and S7 edge rumoured, despite screen increase Could offer Harman-branded, dual speakers It has been reported that a dedicated side-mounted button will make its way onto the Galaxy S8, which will launch Viv, the personal assistant developed by Siri founder Dag Kittlaus. Although the assistant has been confirmed by the company, the dedicated button hasn't as yet, even though VentureBeat has also suggested this button will appear and official cases have leaked with what looks like a cutout for this button. Bloomberg has claimed Samsung will ditch the physical home button, suggesting the company will create an "all-screen front" for the Galaxy S8. A number of renders have been created by Veniamin Geskin and shared on Twitter, showing what the S8 might look like based on recent rumours and the device pictured in the renders has no physical home button. Weibo These renders were then followed by a leak on Weibo showing a physical device claimed to be a gold S8 and almost an exact match to the renders, as well as a number of case leaks which have been followed by further renders from SamMobile. The Guardian report claims the new S8 devices won't even have a logo on the front however, with all the space used for a nearly bezel-less infinity display, which is something the VentureBeat report and image leak supports, as well as another Weibo leak that claims to show the S8 in the flesh. Based on the Guardian and VentureBeat reports, the fingerprint sensor has been moved to the rear of the S8 and the iris scanner from the Note 7 will also be on board. A report from CNET Korea also claims the fingerprint sensor will be situated on the rear, to the right of the camera lens, which is something the official case leak also appears to confirm. The CNET report also claimed a Samsung official said the screen will have "soft keys" within it for navigating. Two videos posted on Samsung Display's Korean YouTube channel further supported the idea of an all-screen device with slim bezels, as do the front panels leaked more recently. VentureBeat In other reports, SamMobile has reported there will be a USB Type-C port on board for charging and audio and it's also been claimed the 3.5mm headphone jack will be ditched, like the iPhone 7, though the latter point has been contradicted by the Guardian and VentureBeat. That said, SamMobile leaked some Samsung-made in-ear wireless earbuds like Apple's AirPods, supporting the removal of the headphone jack. A report from Fone Arena also adds fuel to this fire, claiming the Galaxy S8 will offer dual speakers and they may be Harman branded, though the VentureBeat image leak and the Weibo leak suggests dual-speakers won't be the case. Weibo Samsung acquired Harman in November 2016 so the claim of Harman branded speakers, even if not dual, is a reasonable one, especially as both LG, HTC and Apple have made moves in audio in their recent handsets so it's an obvious area for Samsung to focus on to keep in line with competition. In terms of measurements, the Bell claimed that despite the increase in screen sizes, the two devices rumoured will have similar dimensions to the S7 and S7 edge, suggesting a good screen to body ratio. This has also been supported by the Guardian report and a tweet from David Ruddock, who said the aspect ratio of the new flagships mean the S8 and S8 Plus will be "no wider at all than the S7 and S7 edge. Exact match". The CNET Korea report suggests the screen dimensions of the larger device will be 143.05mm diagonally, 131.58mm tall and 64.94mm wide but it doesn't provide the dimensions of the device itself. The same report suggests the dimensions of the smaller device itself, which it claims is 5.7-inches, will be 131.58 x 68.05mm, though this seems very small, especially given the S7 measures 142mm tall. LG G6: What's the story so far? Sammobile Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus: Display Size increase rumoured for both models Screen to body ratios expected to improve Resolution rumoured to remain the same but technology improve The Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus have been rumoured to increase their display size compared to their predecessors. Some reports suggests 5.7-inch and 6.2-inch screens, some say 5.8-inches and 6.2-inches, while others suggest 5-inch or so and 6-inch or so displays, suggesting no one knows exactly as yet but it looks like the S8 devices will both be bigger than the Note series. We're expecting the screen to body ratios to improve too, especially after a Samsung Display spokesperson was quoted saying the company would roll out a full screen display with a ratio of more than 90 per cent this year. According to the Guardian, both devices will offer an infinity edge-to-edge display and as The Bell and the Guardian both suggest the S8 and S8 Plus will have similar dimensions to the S7 and S7 edge despite their larger screen sizes, it's thought this full screen display could appear on the new models. A Bloomberg report also supports this idea, with its claim of an all-screen front, as we briefly mentioned earlier. The report claims the display will be wraparound and there will be a virtual home button buried into the lower section of the glass, which is something the VentureBeat report also suggests. Resolution might also increase, though the recent VentureBeat report suggests not. With VR becoming more and more popular, higher resolution displays are more important. The Sony Xperia Z5 Premium might be expensive, but if you're into smartphone-controlled VR, its 4K display offers a great experience. As Samsung is already in the VR business, it would make sense to offer a compatible device with a higher resolution display for the Gear VR or any further VR devices. Chinese blogging sources suggest the company has shown off a 5.5-inch 4K AMOLED display offering a pixel density of 806ppi and the Phone Arena leak suggests the S8 will come in this size and resolution with the dual edge design, supporting The Bell's suggestion of a larger display for the traditionally smaller handset.  Another leaked set of specifications has claimed the Galaxy S8 would offer a 5.2-inch display with a 4096 x 2160 pixel resolution. This would not only make it slightly bigger than the current Galaxy S7, but it would also put its pixel density at 891ppi. Contradicting all these reports however is SamMobile, who claims the S8 will retain a 2K display but it will be better than the S7, and offer a noticeable improvement for virtual reality and VentureBeat also claims the Quad HD Super AMOLED displays will remain. Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8 edge: Camera New 1/2.3-inch sensor with f/1.4 aperture rumoured 8MP front camera rumoured with iris scanner 12MP rear sensor with visual search feature suggested There has been a rumour to suggest the company is working on a new 1/2.3-inch sensor that will be combined with a f/1.4 aperture. This would deliver even better low-light capabilities than the current flagships but whether it will appear on the S8 or S8 edge is unclear yet. The rumours also claim Samsung's goal is to deliver a 1/1.7-inch sensor eventually, suggesting it has no intention of stopping improvements in the camera department. Other claims have also suggested the Galaxy S8 might appear with a dual rear camera, with two different sensors - one at 12-megapixels, one at 13-megapixels. This is something we have already seen on the LG G5, Huawei P9, and more recently, Apple's iPhone 7 Plus. The same tipster also claimed the front camera will be 8-megapixels, which ET News has also suggested. Contradicting these rumours however, is another leak from a different source claiming the Galaxy S8 will have a 30-megapixel rear camera with optical image stabilisation, coupled with a 9-megapixel front-facing snapper. There has also been a claim that the S8 will have the same Duo Pixel camera of the S7 and S7 edge, which is something that the VentureBeat report also suggests. According to VentureBeat, the rear camera will be 12-megapixels with an f/1.7 aperture and a new visual search feature, while the front camera will have an 8-megapixel sensor, also with an f/1.7 aperture. The site also claimed the front camera will have iris scanning capabilities. ET News has also reported that the front-facing snapper of the Galaxy S8 could have auto-focus rather than fixed. It wouldn't be the first device to offer auto-focus on the front, with both the Sony Xperia M5 and the HTC Desire Eye both offering the feature, but it would be welcome. Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus: Hardware Qualcomm SD835 chip rumoured with 4GB or 6GB RAM Retina and fingerprint scanners claimed 3000mAh, 3500mAh and 4200mAh batteries have all been suggested  With every new flagship, comes new hardware. A faster, more powerful processor will certainly be on board the Galaxy S8 and S8 edge, and possibly a jump in RAM. Ice Universe claims we will see 8GB of RAM, while another leak says can expect a 3.2GHz octa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 chip, supported by 6GB of RAM. A Phone Arena leak lists two processors - Exynos 8895 chip and the Snapdragon 835 - and 6GB and 8GB of RAM, suggesting there could be different versions for different regions again and it has also been claimed the S8 will be the first device to receive the SD835 chip. VentureBeat supports the idea of two processors, but it claims the S8 will stick with 4GB of RAM with internal storage options starting from 64GB. It's likely Samsung will keep microSD support on board, though as claims suggest 64GB and 128GB models, it could be that the company still won't offer support for Marshmallow's Flex feature, allowing users to combine the phone's internal storage with the storage of the SD card. A bigger battery capacity is always welcomed, but even if the capacity itself isn't increased for the S8 and S8 edge, we'd like to see software improvements to help with power management. Samsung already does a good job in this field but it can always be better when it comes to battery life. Some rumours claim the Galaxy S8 will have a 4200mAh battery and there is also predicted to be fingerprint and retina scanners, as well as a built-in mini projector. VentureBeat says the smaller S8 will have a 3000mAh battery however, while the larger model will have a 3500mAh capacity which is the same as what a report from News1 Korea also claims. Samsung Galaxy S8 vs LG G6: What's the rumoured difference? Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus: Software Viv personal assistant confirmed for S8 Android Nougat base software expected Could connect to monitor for desktop view of Android Samsung's Galaxy S7 and S7 edge both feature Android 6.0 Marshmallow, overlaid with the TouchWiz software. There are some handy features with TouchWiz, but we would still like to see some more refinement for the Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8 edge. Vanilla Android will probably never happen and that's ok, but it would be great to see the best of TouchWiz on top of a close to pure Android experience. HTC launched it's latest flagship with a refined version of Sense over Android and it works well, delivering a cleaner experience with less duplication. We'd love to see Samsung do this too for its next flagships. As we mentioned, we can also expect to see Viv on the Galaxy S8. Details are thin on the ground as to what Viv will be able to do, other than provide answers and actions, but it has been confirmed by Samsung that it will appear on the new flagship. Sam Mobile has said the Bixby voice assistant, powered by Viv, will feature in all native apps on the S8. In other software news, the site also claimed the S8 would have an always-visible status bar and it has also been claimed that the handsets will be able to connect to a monitor for a desktop view of Android. Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus: Conclusion What will appear on the Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8 edge or S8 Plus? Who knows at the moment. We have a couple of months of waiting ahead of us but it would be interesting to see a change up in design, more improvements in camera capabilities and software refinements. There is a good chance of a more powerful processor and more RAM, as well as the potential for a larger battery capacity too, as is normally the case with next-gen flagships. We will be keeping a close eye on the rumours of the Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus as and when they appear so keep checking back for updates. Sections Samsung Phones Mobile World Congress 2017: Nokia, Sony, Huawei, smartphones and more When is Android 7.1.1 Nougat coming to my phone? Best smartphones 2017: The best phones available to buy today New Samsung leak reveals the logo for the upcoming Galaxy S8+ Popular In Phones On Pocket-lint Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus: Release date, rumours and everything you need to know When is Android 7.1.1 Nougat coming to my phone? Best smartphones to look forward to in 2017 LG G6: Release date, rumours and everything you need to know Huawei EMUI 5.0 tips and tricks: Hidden gems and problem fixes for Huawei’s mobile OS New Samsung leak reveals the logo for the upcoming Galaxy S8+ What is Bixby? Everything you need to know about Samsung's assistant Does Samsung's trademark filing reveal the logo for its Bixby AI? HTC 10 review: Welcome back to the premier league Google Assistant: How to use your Pixel to control smart home devices When is Android Wear 2.0 coming to my smartwatch? Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus: Release date, rumours and everything you need to know When is Android 7.1.1 Nougat coming to my phone? What is PS4 Pro boost mode, when’s it coming and how does improve all PS4 games? Honda Civic 2017 first drive: Classic hatch gets a millennial makeover Best smartphones to look forward to in 2017 Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 vs Tab S2: What's the rumoured difference? Adidas miCoach merges with Runtastic's app, no longer accepting memberships LG G6: Release date, rumours and everything you need to know Huawei EMUI 5.0 tips and tricks: Hidden gems and problem fixes for Huawei’s mobile OS Comments search News All news Reviews Hands-on All reviews Features Buyer's guides Vs All features Sections Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR Popular Brands Apple Samsung HTC Microsoft Google Facebook Lego Panasonic LG Amazon Extras & Social Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Google+ YouTube Events Pocket-lint Gadget Awards Regulars Comps Copyright Pocket-lint ltd 2003 - 2017 Site map Contact us About us Reviews policy Site policy Advertise on Pocket-lint
News Research Finance Page 2 Supply chain window On Display Marketing Advanced 中文 繁體 | 簡體 Facebook Twitter Register Login Taipei, Saturday, February 11, 2017 17:18 (GMT+8) Taipei 16°C Home IT + CE Mobile + telecom Bits + chips Displays LED Green energy What's hot: IC design, distribution ICT manufacturing Wireless networking Mobile devices Telecom service, infrastructure Mobile components Mobile content, software DIGITIMES login page Sorry, the page you are trying to open is available only for our paid subscribers. - Please sign in below if you wish to continue - New users, please register Login Save my User ID and Password NEW users please register first. I forgot my ID and/or password? For any problems contact webmaster or email questions and comments to editor Latest Digitimes news AI helps Nvidia reach record revenues UMC January revenues rise, VIS fall to 13-month low AMOLED production equipment purchases to reach record high in 2017, IHS says Compal Electronics ships 2.2 million notebooks in January GTOC to cooperate with KTI to produce smart energy-saving tinting glass HMD, TCL to unveil new Nokia and BlackBerry smartphonnes at MWC 2017 Asustek, MSI are top-2 gaming notebook vendors in 2016 Taiwan Mobile sees revenues down slightly in January Asustek January revenues hit 9-month low BOE Technology to set up OLED platform in China Gemtek Technology January revenues up on year Hanwha Q Cells offers low PV module price in China Global Unichip posts 2016 EPS of NT$4.11 CHPT posts record 2016 EPS Robot maker Hiwin sees revenues up on year in January WT Micro net profits fall 14% in 2016 Epistar lands orders for AlGaInP LED chips from international vendors South Korean makers benefit from PV rally in China Epistar, Everlight and Lextar see decreased January revenues Global demand for LED chips for fine pixel pitch displays in 2017 to grow 30-40% Digitimes Research: China makers ship over 181 million smartphones in 4Q16 Sharp on board for America-first US LCD plant Lite-On sees revenues drop in January IC market growth now tied closely to global GDP growth, says IC Insights VR screen clarity may be tripled with blue-phase crystals Market summary 10-Feb-2017 markets closed   Last Change TAIEX (TSE) 9665.59 +75.41 +0.79%  TSE electronic 388.97 +2.13 +0.55%  GTSM (OTC) 130.8 -0.51 -0.39%  OTC electronic 181.84 -1.21 -0.66%  View more Around the web Japan market: Apple iPhone grabs 60% share in 4Q16 (Feb 7) - Patently Apple Samsung's Note 7 battery supplier has fire at China factory (Feb 8) - Bloomberg BlackBerry signs licensing agreement with India's Optiemus (Feb 6) - TechCrunch Apple is set to start making iPhones in India, minister says (Feb 6) - CNNMoney Razer acquires Nextbit, Robin smartphone sales halted (Jan 31) - ZDNet HTC loses another key executive as global VP leaves after 12 years (Jan 31) - Digital Trends With no Galaxy S8 announcement, Samsung downsizes its annual Mobile World Congress keynote (Feb 1) - Venturebeat Facebook appoints Xiaomi exec Hugo Barra to head VR business (Jan 25) - PC World Latest from Digitimes Research Reports Analysis Data Global AP demand forecast, 2017-2020 China smartphone market and industry – 3Q 2016 Global tablet market - 3Q 2016 China smartphone AP shipment 4Q forecast More reports Digitimes Research: China FTTx, mobile Internet-access user bases increase to 228 million, 941 million at end of 2016 Digitimes Research: 124.2 million smartphones shipped in China market in 4Q16 Digitimes Research: China smartphone vendors may favor local AMOLED suppliers over Samsung Display More analysis 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 More interactive charts Supply chain window Sponsor zone Releases White papers Bulletin Telecom companies' preference for NFV drives enterprise vCPE market forward G.fast IOP, a first in a Carrier Network environment; Swisscom makes it a reality that meets their network requirements GMobi acquires leading performance mobile advertising platform MassiveImpact Taiwan Pavilion features innovative smart Taiwan at MWC Shanghai Next stage of visionary mobile technology development: Virtual reality and IoT More releases Cloud Services and Intelligent Technology Android / NFC for Commercial Applications iManager 2.0 Makes Embedded Devices Intelligent In-home display for ZigBee smartplug More white papers Perforce Software Wins Develop Industry Excellence Award for the Second Year in a Row Perforce Teams with Leading Git Client Developer fournova Perforce Introduces Helix GitSwarm: Flexible Git Ecosystem Mirrored to a Powerful Mainline Repository Perforce Helix Distributed Version Control System Brings Greater Flexibility While Maintaining Enterprise-class Security, Auditability and Control Perforce Powers Development of Legacy Quest for iOS and Android More in bulletin On display 1 2 3 Asustek ZenFone 3 Zoom smartphonePhoto: Company, Jan 23. Asustek ZenFone AR smartphonePhoto: Company, Jan 23. Samsung 14nm chips for wearablesPhoto: Company, Oct 18. Asustek ZenWatch 3 smartwatchPhoto: Company, Sep 13. Xplova X5 smartwatchPhoto: Company, Sep 13. Apple Watch Series 2 smartwatchesPhoto: Company, Sep 8. Apple iPhone 7 and 7 PlusPhoto: Company, Sep 8. Samsung 14nm Exynos chipsPhoto: Company, Aug 31. Polar M600Photo: Company, Aug 4. Samsung Galaxy Note 7Photo: Company, Aug 3. Apple iPhone SE smartphonePhoto: Company, Mar 23. Samsung 12-megapixel image sensorPhoto: Company, Mar 22. Page 2 Hot Systems Digitimes Research: Samsung Note 7 issues may help Apple to regain number-1 crown in 4Q16 Digitimes Research: China smartphone shipments see weaker-than-expected growth in 2Q15 Digitimes Research: White-box players pushing 10.1-inch Windows tablets Digitimes Research: Microsoft to partner with Acer, Lenovo and Inventec for US$169-249 Windows 10 notebooks Computex 2015: BioLogic SportCase wins Design and Innovation Award More Page 2 Apple introduces iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus Apple introduces iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus Computex 2015: BioLogic SportCase wins Design and Innovation Award Apple Watch available in 9 countries on April 24 MWC 2015: Acer unveils Liquid Jade Z smarpthone More Hot Systems Topics HTC updates HTC's latest development Asustek phones Asustek's smartphone shipments may have been disappointing in 2016, but the vendor is seeking a rebound in 2017. TD-LTE TD-LTE is the mainstream global choice for 4G asymmetric frequency spectrum networks WiMAX A portal for information about Taiwan's WiMAX industry. Frankly speaking Industry intros The synergy of NXP acquisition: An interview with Qualcomm president Derek Aberle Qualcomm agreed in late 2016 to buy NXP Semiconductor for about US$47 billion in the biggest-ever deal... Potential of wireless charging technology: Q&A with WPC chairman Menno Treffers To help foster the development of related wireless charging technology in Taiwan, the Wireless Power... Industry integration, 5G and IoT applications: Q&A with Qualcomm president Derek Aberle Qualcomm president Derek Aberle spared his time with Digitimes for an exclusive interview... Powering the cloud: Intel embraces new identity The next wave of computing is now beginning to define the IT industry, where the boundaries of computing... More interviews Smartphone and tablet industry: The view from Taiwan - May 2012 Taiwan-based companies have a long and successful history of involvement in the supply chain for mobile devices, which for the purposes of this article consist... Taiwan handset overview - Jun 2010 The global handset market did not have a banner year in 2009, with overall shipments of 1.167 billion units representing a drop of 3.2% from the previous year,... Taiwan handset industry overview - Jun 2008 The use of handsets continues to grow around the world, both in mature and emerging markets, as the communication devices become ever more ingrained in people's... Taiwan handset overview - Jun 2007 Global handset shipments topped 977 million units in 2006, according to Digitimes Research, with Taiwan-based handset makers accounting for 14% of the market on... More industry intros Sponsored links Wireless broadband developments in Southeast Asia markets As of 2013, the 10 ASEAN nations had a total of over 700 million mobile subscriptions, with the CAGR from 2003-2013 reaching 24%. This Digitimes Research Special Report analyzes the various mobile broadband markets in ASEAN and looks at the respective trends in 4G LTE development for those markets. 2015 global tablet demand forecast This Digitimes Research Special Report provides a 2015 forecast for the global tablet market and analyzes the strategies of key market players such as Google, Apple, Intel, and Microsoft. 2015 China smartphone panel trend forecast This Digitimes Research Special Report analyzes the strategies of key China-based major panel makers BOE, Tianma and IVO for attacking the different market segments through technology and pricing, and their relationship to local vendors Huawei, Lenovo, ZTE, Xiaomi and Coolpad. Buy link TAG CLOUD 2017 Portable Samsung China revenues Taiwan market Apple Huawei 4Q16 smartphone Taiwan mobile 10 days cloud DIGITIMES About Advertising Marketing Membership Terms & conditions Privacy policy Contact us Notes & corrections Site map Channels News Research Finance Industry intros Page 2 Supply chain window Hot systems On display Tools & services Before going to press On demand Frankly speaking Around the web Topics Mobile RSS Facebook Twitter Account New user Login Members only Login to read more © DIGITIMES Inc. All rights reserved. Please do not republish, publicly broadcast or publicly transmit content from this website without written permission from DIGITIMES Inc. Please contact us if you have any questions.
News Research Finance Page 2 Supply chain window On Display Marketing Advanced 中文 繁體 | 簡體 Facebook Twitter Register Login Taipei, Saturday, February 11, 2017 17:18 (GMT+8) Taipei 16°C Home IT + CE Mobile + telecom Bits + chips Displays LED Green energy What's hot: IC design, distribution ICT manufacturing Wireless networking Mobile devices Telecom service, infrastructure Mobile components Mobile content, software DIGITIMES login page Sorry, the page you are trying to open is available only for our paid subscribers. - Please sign in below if you wish to continue - New users, please register Login Save my User ID and Password NEW users please register first. I forgot my ID and/or password? For any problems contact webmaster or email questions and comments to editor Latest Digitimes news AI helps Nvidia reach record revenues UMC January revenues rise, VIS fall to 13-month low AMOLED production equipment purchases to reach record high in 2017, IHS says Compal Electronics ships 2.2 million notebooks in January GTOC to cooperate with KTI to produce smart energy-saving tinting glass HMD, TCL to unveil new Nokia and BlackBerry smartphonnes at MWC 2017 Asustek, MSI are top-2 gaming notebook vendors in 2016 Taiwan Mobile sees revenues down slightly in January Asustek January revenues hit 9-month low BOE Technology to set up OLED platform in China Gemtek Technology January revenues up on year Hanwha Q Cells offers low PV module price in China Global Unichip posts 2016 EPS of NT$4.11 CHPT posts record 2016 EPS Robot maker Hiwin sees revenues up on year in January WT Micro net profits fall 14% in 2016 Epistar lands orders for AlGaInP LED chips from international vendors South Korean makers benefit from PV rally in China Epistar, Everlight and Lextar see decreased January revenues Global demand for LED chips for fine pixel pitch displays in 2017 to grow 30-40% Digitimes Research: China makers ship over 181 million smartphones in 4Q16 Sharp on board for America-first US LCD plant Lite-On sees revenues drop in January IC market growth now tied closely to global GDP growth, says IC Insights VR screen clarity may be tripled with blue-phase crystals Market summary 10-Feb-2017 markets closed   Last Change TAIEX (TSE) 9665.59 +75.41 +0.79%  TSE electronic 388.97 +2.13 +0.55%  GTSM (OTC) 130.8 -0.51 -0.39%  OTC electronic 181.84 -1.21 -0.66%  View more Around the web Japan market: Apple iPhone grabs 60% share in 4Q16 (Feb 7) - Patently Apple Samsung's Note 7 battery supplier has fire at China factory (Feb 8) - Bloomberg BlackBerry signs licensing agreement with India's Optiemus (Feb 6) - TechCrunch Apple is set to start making iPhones in India, minister says (Feb 6) - CNNMoney Razer acquires Nextbit, Robin smartphone sales halted (Jan 31) - ZDNet HTC loses another key executive as global VP leaves after 12 years (Jan 31) - Digital Trends With no Galaxy S8 announcement, Samsung downsizes its annual Mobile World Congress keynote (Feb 1) - Venturebeat Facebook appoints Xiaomi exec Hugo Barra to head VR business (Jan 25) - PC World Latest from Digitimes Research Reports Analysis Data Global AP demand forecast, 2017-2020 China smartphone market and industry – 3Q 2016 Global tablet market - 3Q 2016 China smartphone AP shipment 4Q forecast More reports Digitimes Research: China FTTx, mobile Internet-access user bases increase to 228 million, 941 million at end of 2016 Digitimes Research: 124.2 million smartphones shipped in China market in 4Q16 Digitimes Research: China smartphone vendors may favor local AMOLED suppliers over Samsung Display More analysis 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 More interactive charts Supply chain window Sponsor zone Releases White papers Bulletin Telecom companies' preference for NFV drives enterprise vCPE market forward G.fast IOP, a first in a Carrier Network environment; Swisscom makes it a reality that meets their network requirements GMobi acquires leading performance mobile advertising platform MassiveImpact Taiwan Pavilion features innovative smart Taiwan at MWC Shanghai Next stage of visionary mobile technology development: Virtual reality and IoT More releases Cloud Services and Intelligent Technology Android / NFC for Commercial Applications iManager 2.0 Makes Embedded Devices Intelligent In-home display for ZigBee smartplug More white papers Perforce Software Wins Develop Industry Excellence Award for the Second Year in a Row Perforce Teams with Leading Git Client Developer fournova Perforce Introduces Helix GitSwarm: Flexible Git Ecosystem Mirrored to a Powerful Mainline Repository Perforce Helix Distributed Version Control System Brings Greater Flexibility While Maintaining Enterprise-class Security, Auditability and Control Perforce Powers Development of Legacy Quest for iOS and Android More in bulletin On display 1 2 3 Asustek ZenFone 3 Zoom smartphonePhoto: Company, Jan 23. Asustek ZenFone AR smartphonePhoto: Company, Jan 23. Samsung 14nm chips for wearablesPhoto: Company, Oct 18. Asustek ZenWatch 3 smartwatchPhoto: Company, Sep 13. Xplova X5 smartwatchPhoto: Company, Sep 13. Apple Watch Series 2 smartwatchesPhoto: Company, Sep 8. Apple iPhone 7 and 7 PlusPhoto: Company, Sep 8. Samsung 14nm Exynos chipsPhoto: Company, Aug 31. Polar M600Photo: Company, Aug 4. Samsung Galaxy Note 7Photo: Company, Aug 3. Apple iPhone SE smartphonePhoto: Company, Mar 23. Samsung 12-megapixel image sensorPhoto: Company, Mar 22. Page 2 Hot Systems Digitimes Research: Samsung Note 7 issues may help Apple to regain number-1 crown in 4Q16 Digitimes Research: China smartphone shipments see weaker-than-expected growth in 2Q15 Digitimes Research: White-box players pushing 10.1-inch Windows tablets Digitimes Research: Microsoft to partner with Acer, Lenovo and Inventec for US$169-249 Windows 10 notebooks Computex 2015: BioLogic SportCase wins Design and Innovation Award More Page 2 Apple introduces iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus Apple introduces iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus Computex 2015: BioLogic SportCase wins Design and Innovation Award Apple Watch available in 9 countries on April 24 MWC 2015: Acer unveils Liquid Jade Z smarpthone More Hot Systems Topics HTC updates HTC's latest development Asustek phones Asustek's smartphone shipments may have been disappointing in 2016, but the vendor is seeking a rebound in 2017. TD-LTE TD-LTE is the mainstream global choice for 4G asymmetric frequency spectrum networks WiMAX A portal for information about Taiwan's WiMAX industry. Frankly speaking Industry intros The synergy of NXP acquisition: An interview with Qualcomm president Derek Aberle Qualcomm agreed in late 2016 to buy NXP Semiconductor for about US$47 billion in the biggest-ever deal... Potential of wireless charging technology: Q&A with WPC chairman Menno Treffers To help foster the development of related wireless charging technology in Taiwan, the Wireless Power... Industry integration, 5G and IoT applications: Q&A with Qualcomm president Derek Aberle Qualcomm president Derek Aberle spared his time with Digitimes for an exclusive interview... Powering the cloud: Intel embraces new identity The next wave of computing is now beginning to define the IT industry, where the boundaries of computing... More interviews Smartphone and tablet industry: The view from Taiwan - May 2012 Taiwan-based companies have a long and successful history of involvement in the supply chain for mobile devices, which for the purposes of this article consist... Taiwan handset overview - Jun 2010 The global handset market did not have a banner year in 2009, with overall shipments of 1.167 billion units representing a drop of 3.2% from the previous year,... Taiwan handset industry overview - Jun 2008 The use of handsets continues to grow around the world, both in mature and emerging markets, as the communication devices become ever more ingrained in people's... Taiwan handset overview - Jun 2007 Global handset shipments topped 977 million units in 2006, according to Digitimes Research, with Taiwan-based handset makers accounting for 14% of the market on... More industry intros Sponsored links Wireless broadband developments in Southeast Asia markets As of 2013, the 10 ASEAN nations had a total of over 700 million mobile subscriptions, with the CAGR from 2003-2013 reaching 24%. This Digitimes Research Special Report analyzes the various mobile broadband markets in ASEAN and looks at the respective trends in 4G LTE development for those markets. 2015 global tablet demand forecast This Digitimes Research Special Report provides a 2015 forecast for the global tablet market and analyzes the strategies of key market players such as Google, Apple, Intel, and Microsoft. 2015 China smartphone panel trend forecast This Digitimes Research Special Report analyzes the strategies of key China-based major panel makers BOE, Tianma and IVO for attacking the different market segments through technology and pricing, and their relationship to local vendors Huawei, Lenovo, ZTE, Xiaomi and Coolpad. Buy link TAG CLOUD 2017 Portable Samsung China revenues Taiwan market Apple Huawei 4Q16 smartphone Taiwan mobile 10 days cloud DIGITIMES About Advertising Marketing Membership Terms & conditions Privacy policy Contact us Notes & corrections Site map Channels News Research Finance Industry intros Page 2 Supply chain window Hot systems On display Tools & services Before going to press On demand Frankly speaking Around the web Topics Mobile RSS Facebook Twitter Account New user Login Members only Login to read more © DIGITIMES Inc. All rights reserved. Please do not republish, publicly broadcast or publicly transmit content from this website without written permission from DIGITIMES Inc. Please contact us if you have any questions.
Tech News Home > Tech > Tech News < Back to SMG 45 Monday, 6 February 2017 | MYT 3:57 PM Apple is getting pushed around in China by local phone brands Past its prime?: iPhone shipments in China plummeted 23.2% in 2016, shrinking Apple’s market share to just 9.6% – the lowest in about two years. — Reuters Chinese smartphone brands Oppo and Huawei are tightening their grip on the world’s largest market, grabbing local share and squeezing out Apple Inc and Samsung Electronics Co.  After including Vivo, Chinese vendors held the top three slots and accounted for 48% of shipments in the country during 2016, research firm IDC said. With a line-up of flexible- and curved-screen devices, they look set to dominate the market in 2017.  A decline in Apple shipments in the fourth quarter highlighted how the iPhone 7 failed to make as big a splash in the face of escalating competition.  Apple and Samsung have steadily ceded ground in China to aggressive local manufacturers since Xiaomi Corp came on the scene around 2011. Xiaomi itself was ranked fifth in 2016, as Oppo, Huawei Technologies Co and Vivo phones were the top three sellers, accounting for 48% of shipments last year and relegating the US company to fourth spot, IDC said in a report released Feb 6.  “Even though the new black coloured iPhones caught the attention of consumers, overall, the new launches did not create as much of a frenzy compared to the past,” IDC said in its report, a regular and closely watched release.  Chinese vendors are marketing higher-end gadgetry that appeals to consumers seeking Apple-like quality and innovation. IPhone shipments plummeted 23.2% in 2016, shrinking Apple’s market share to just 9.6% – the lowest in about two years. Samsung didn’t even figure in the top five.  China had for years driven Apple’s spectacular growth even as smartphone demand elsewhere faltered. But the country’s slowdown, regulatory tangles and – critically – the ascendancy of cheaper but just-as-good local alternatives took its toll. The country remains pivotal to the company’s business, especially with developed markets saturated and Apple still exploring promising countries such as India, where price is king and the US company barely registers in market rankings.  Apple may regain ground with the next iPhone later this year, the 10th anniversary of the device that ushered in the modern smartphone industry. Apple is expected to showcase the best features it can bring to bear in an increasingly commoditised market.  “Apple’s 10-year anniversary iPhone will also likely attract some of the high-end Android users in China to convert to an iPhone,” IDC said.  In the meantime, local brands hold sway. Oppo, Huawei and Vivo took advantage of vast store networks as online handset sales plateaued. Along with improved customer service and a push to open their own retail stores, especially in smaller cities, Chinese smartphone makers have moved away from budget devices.  Frontrunner Oppo saw shipments grow from a little more than 35 million units in 2015 to 78.4 million last year, IDC estimates. Vivo also nearly doubled its annual shipments. Overall, 467.3 million units smartphones were moved in China last year, up 8.7% from 2015.  Now local vendors are setting their sights overseas. Huawei, which sells about half its smartphones abroad, is targeting US$33bil (RM146.05bil) in 2017 revenue for its consumer electronics division, which sells smartphones, wearable devices and tablets. Chinese brands, led by Vivo, have already muscled out local rivals in India and are increasingly challenging Samsung, the leader there.  “We expect these vendors to increase their shipments in the international market, with India as a key target for these top Chinese vendors,” IDC said its report. — Bloomberg Tags / Keywords: Foreign News , Corporate News , Analyst Reports , Technology You May Be Interested ‘Grand Theft Auto V’ has shipped 75 million copies Intel uses White House Oval Office for splash on Arizona factory New videogames: from political string-pulling to a barbarian in the desert Pinterest lets phones spy eye-catching items Snap to spend US$1bil on Amazon cloud services Experiencing painful menses? Let Angelica help you Others Also Read A passion for crafting kavadis Angola's president orders inquiry into stadium stampede that killed 17 Places to go on a weekend advertisement Latest News Wall St hits records again, boosted by Trump economy hopes Top Federal Reserve official resigns as bank deregulation looms Ex-AIG CEO Greenberg admits to accounting fraud, settles lawsuit Pinterest lets phones spy eye-catching items Ford to invest $1 bln in autonomous vehicle tech firm Argo AI Most Viewed in Tech WhatsApp adds two-factor authentication ‘Grand Theft Auto V’ has shipped 75 million copies Pinterest lets phones spy eye-catching items US could ask visa applicants for social media passwords Apple Watch takes half of the market and posts record figures in 2016 ‘Pokémon Go’ celebrates Valentine’s Day Android Wear 2.0 launched with two new watches by LG E3 expands to include general public entry EU to end barriers to Netflix, BBC iPlayer in 2018 Lloyds joins new British banking cyberdefence alliance: sources Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
Epaper search FOLLOW US: Home Archives Latest Arkansas Arkansas Politics Crime Legislature National National Politics Opinion/Voices Religion Right2Know Traffic Map Weather Weird News World Today's Newspaper News Obituaries Arkansas Arkansas Stocks Jobs Markets Technology Today's Newspaper Business Weekend Movies Music Find a Restaurant Dining Today's Newspaper Events TV Listings Puzzles & Games Entertainment Arkansas Razorbacks-WholeHogSports High School-Preps UA UALR ASU UCA Horse Racing Wally Hall- Like It Is Blog-Recruiting Guy College Football College Basketball Olympics NFL NFL Draft NBA MLB PGA NHL NASCAR TENNIS SOCCER Little Rock Marathon Today's Newspaper Sports Photo Galleries Staff Galleries & Multimedia AP Photos Top 10 Photos All Sports Top Trending Videos News Recruiting Video Galleries Videos Family Food High Profile Religion Style Travel Wedding/Engagement Announcements Anniversary Announcements Arkansas Bridal Community Special Sections Dear Abby Columnists Polls Previous Features Features Events Classifieds Jobs Homes Autos Crime Right2Know Traffic Projects Archives News Tip Whole Hog Sports Arkansas Life Place an Ad Arkansas Daily Deal Saturday, February 11, 2017, 3:18 a.m. ADVERTISEMENT Home / Business / Business news in brief This article was published February 6, 2017 at 1:53 a.m. Comments aAFont Size Firms not banking on repatriated cash Although tax overhauls could soon give U.S. companies access to hundreds of billions of dollars they have stashed overseas, it's in many corporations' best interest to borrow money rather than wait, experts said. Apple and Microsoft combined sold $27 billion of debt last week to fund their daily operations, repay maturing debt, and buy back shares. Those bond sales might be unnecessary if new tax laws come this year, because under President Donald Trump's proposed plan, companies could pay a one-time 10 percent levy to recover money held overseas, less than a third of the current rate. Apple Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook told investors last week that he was "confident" that "some sort of tax reform" would be coming this year. But until it goes into effect, borrowing is still the best bet for many companies, said Jordan Chalfin, an analyst at debt research firm CreditSights. "They can't bank on the repatriation until it actually happens," Chalfin said. "For now, there's a real need for cash." A number of published analyst notes in recent days have raised questions about Trump's ability to implement his promises in the time frame previously expected. Senior congressional aides told Reuters that spring 2018 might be a more likely time frame for tax overhauls to be passed. -- Bloomberg News SoFi buys firm to acquire bank privileges SAN FRANCISCO -- The financial startup SoFi is getting closer to its ambition of being able to replace banks. SoFi, or Social Finance, said last week that it was acquiring a company, Zenbanx, allowing SoFi to offer checking accounts, credit cards and international money transfers to its customers. SoFi, based in San Francisco, began in 2011 by refinancing student loans taken out by graduates of elite universities. The company has expanded into personal loans, mortgage lending, asset management and even life insurance. But until now it has not been able to accept deposits, one of the most basic functions of a bank. Zenbanx was founded by the former chief executive of ING Direct, Arkadi Kuhlmann. It has built a clientele for online savings accounts that allow customers to move easily among different currencies, while using ATMs to get access to cash. The Zenbanx acquisition would appear to give SoFi a way to offer the basic functions of a bank without needing a bank charter, because Zenbanx completes its transactions through a partnership with WSFS Bank, which is based in Delaware. -- The New York Times New fans drove iPhone surge, CEO says Apple attracted a swath of new iPhone customers over the holiday period, auguring well for a more significant upgrade to its flagship product this year and the services revenue that the devices are increasingly generating, the company's chief executive officer said. Existing iPhone users upgraded to the latest iPhone 7 models at about the same rate as the iPhone 6S a year earlier, CEO Tim Cook said in a conference call with analysts last week while discussing the company's earnings. Yet Apple still managed to sell 3.5 million more phones in the three months ended Dec. 31, indicating that growth was driven by new customers. The iPhone 7 represented a modest update to its predecessor, the 6S, adding water resistance, an improved camera, battery life and processor while retaining similar styling. Expectations are mounting for a more significant upgrade to Apple's flagship product later this year, which is the 10th anniversary of the iPhone's launch. Americans are taking longer to upgrade their smartphones, partly because wireless carriers have phased out plans that offer discounts for new devices every two years. That puts more pressure on handset-makers to find new customers. Last year, Apple suffered a rare year-over-year revenue decline, as iPhone sales tumbled, particularly in China, where competitors such as Oppo and Vivo introduced cheaper phones with similar performance. -- Bloomberg News Facebook service sued over data terms A German consumer group sued Facebook Inc.'s WhatsApp in a Berlin court over clauses that allow the messaging service to collect and transfer user data between the platforms. The suit is challenging the privacy terms WhatsApp changed in August, which allow for transferring some data to Facebook's social network, VZBV said in a statement on Monday. Each consumer must be able to decide on his own which personal data is revealed and how it is used, the group said. "Our experts brought the misconduct to light. Now we'll meet in court," VZBV said. "Be it Facebook, Google, Amazon or now WhatsApp: we target violations." WhatsApp's data rules have triggered a wave of concerns by European regulators. The European Union's Competition Commissioner Margrethe Vestager is now probing Menlo Park, Calif.-based Facebook for possibly supplying "incorrect or misleading information" about how it planned to use customer data when it filed for approval to acquire WhatsApp. German's antitrust regulator is also probing the data-transfer issue. Facebook spokesman Tina Kulow didn't immediately reply to an email seeking comment. -- Bloomberg News Planet Labs buys Google's satellite unit Planet Labs Inc., a startup that launches small satellites into orbit and sells the imagery, is acquiring the Terra Bella satellite business of Alphabet Inc. in a bid to take on larger industry incumbents. In return, Alphabet's Google is taking a stake in the startup. Google has also agreed to purchase satellite images captured by Planet in a multiyear deal. The companies declined to share financial terms. "It's a big deal," said Will Marshall, Planet's chief executive officer. "What this enables us to do is tap into new markets, like certain aspects of the financial markets, insurance and disaster relief." With the deal, Planet will receive seven high-resolution satellites that Terra Bella currently has in orbit. Planet plans to launch an additional six of Terra Bella's satellites. They are larger than Planet's existing satellites and offer up to six times better imagery resolution, Marshall said. Google acquired its satellite division, then called Skybox Imaging, for $500 million in 2014. Bloomberg News first reported on the plan to sell the unit to Planet. About 80 Google employees are heading to the startup. Planet has raised more than $180 million. Marshall said the company does not plan to raise additional funds despite the influx of employees and equipment. For its digital maps, Google currently buys from the imagery company Digital Globe Services Ltd. Katie Watson, a spokesman for Google, said the Planet deal would not affect its deals with other imagery providers. -- Bloomberg News SundayMonday Business on 02/06/2017 Print Headline: Business news in brief Tweet ADVERTISEMENT More Business Fiverr.com offers world of creative services ... Facebook goes all in for live video Uber, autonomous Daimler cars to mesh Bankruptcy watch Business news in brief Walton Foundation invests in fund to help Ark... Future gleams for carwash chain Economic panel's legislative goals are two st... Engineering a plus for House committee post, ... More Business stories > Comments on: Business news in brief To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. You must login to make comments. ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR Viewed Commented NFL more forceful on Texas 'bathroom bill' after Super Bowl (13 comments) Judges back travel-ban freeze (26 comments) Hutchinson calls Amazon decision to collect sales tax in state 'laudable and good news' for Arkansas (13 comments) Arkansas man accused of punching 27-day-old daughter in face (11 comments) BRUMMETT ONLINE: Flew right over their heads (54 comments) Trump: Travel ban clearly legal (34 comments) open this tab by default SHOPPING loading... Central Arkansas Auto Sales Central Arkansas Banking Central Arkansas Beauty Care Central Arkansas Dentists Central Arkansas Florists Central Arkansas Insurance Central Arkansas Lawyers Central Arkansas Movers Central Arkansas Physicians Central Arkansas Restaurants Central Arkansas Real Estate ADVERTISEMENT Home News Obituaries Business Entertainment Photos Videos Features Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Daily Deal NEWS Today's Newspaper Arkansas Obituaries Opinion / Letters National Politics Elections World Religion Offbeat Sister Papers Weather Print Edition BUSINESS Business Business wire Tech wire Arkansas stocks Markets SPORTS Arkansas Sports Whole Hog - Razorbacks Preps Recruiting Guy Blog LR Marathon College sports galleries Preps sports galleries AP Sports College Football NFL NBA MLB PGA NASCAR Tennis FEATURES Events Calendar Event Photos FEATURES cont. Style Music Family Food Dining Out Find a Restaurant Television Travel High Profile Weddings/Engagements WEB EXTRAS E-mail Updates Right2Know Databases Documents WEB EXTRAS cont. Archives Videos Photo Galleries FixIt Pothole Map War Casualties Democrat-Gazette History Arkansas Links Support Groups Blogs Facebook Twitter CONTACT FAQ/Contact Us Forgotten Password? Subscriber Help Newspaper Delivery Corporate CONTACT cont. Advertising Newspaper Staff Website Staff Internships Terms of Use SUBMIT News Tip Event or Meeting Letter to the Editor Honor/Achievement Wedding/Anniversary PROMOTIONS Democrat-Gazette Store Bridal Show Capture Arkansas Spelling Bee PUBLICATIONS Tri Lakes Three Rivers River Valley & Ozark Arkansas Life Special Sections Where We Live CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Auto Jobs with Us ADVERTISING Advertise with us Copyright © 2017, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2017, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved. We hope you've enjoyed your preview of ArkansasOnline.com. You've now read the maximum number of stories available without a subscription. Subscribe now for complete and uninterrupted access to the best local, state and national news. Already have an account?   Already a print subscriber?  
International Business Times, India Edition International Business Times, India Edition India Elections World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Budget 2017 Photos Video Search Search Home Technology Smartphones Make in India: PM Modi's app almost confirms approval to Apple iPhone assembling unit in Bengaluru If iPhones are manufactured locally, import tax will not be levied and Apple will be able pass on the benefits to the consumers. Rohit KVN   February 6, 2017 12:54 IST  REUTERS/Bobby Yip Last week, the Karnataka government confirmed that they have received an official proposal from Apple to set-up an iPhone assembly unit in Bengaluru. Apple's representatives -- Priya Balasubramaniam (vice president, iPhone operations), Ali Khanafer (head, government affairs), Dheeraj Chugh (director, iPhone operations) and Priyesh Povanna (country counsel) have also held a meeting with Karnataka ministers and respective departmental secretaries to sort out long-term tax incentives and other bureaucratic procedures for setting up of the iPhone manufacturing unit. Also read: Apple takes lead over Samsung in Q4 smartphone sales In a press statement, Priyank M Kharge, Minister of State for IT (Information Technology) and Tourism, said the meeting with the Apple officials was positive and welcomed Apple's intention to build the iPhone assembling plant. Kharge also indicated that Apple might start producing iPhone at the Bengaluru plant in late April or early May this year. It is believed that Apple's Taiwan-based supply partner Wistron Corp is expanding the company's already existing factory unit at Peenya in Benguluru exclusively for Apple iPhones. Make in India: Narendra Modi's official app almost confirms Apple iPhone assembling unit in BengaluruNarendra Modi mobile app (screen-shot) International Business Times, India, in a bid to get a confirmation, asked Apple India media representatives about the recently concluded meeting with the Karnataka government. But, the company refrained from providing any official statement, hinting that Apple is yet to find consensus over building the iPhone manufacturing unit. However, last weekend, in a surprise turn of events, Prime Minister Narendra Modi's official mobile app shared an IBTimes, India story titled -- 'Make in India: Apple iPhone production in Bengaluru to commence soon'-- on the official mobile app, almost confirming that iPhones will indeed come with 'Made in India' tag later this year.  Apple India in its job portal has also listed two production related job offers in Bengaluru -- one for an iPhone Operations Program Manager (OPM) and a New Product Introduction (NPI) Product Quality Manager -- adding credence to the reports that Apple is moving forward with the iPhone manufacturing unit in Bengaluru. Make in India: Apple to commence assembling of iPhones in Bengaluru from second quarter of 2017Apple India (official) Job portal-screen shot Once operational, India will be the third country after China and Brazil to house Apple iPhone manufacturing units. Bengaluru already hosts iOS App Design and Development Accelerator and the upcoming iPhone assembling plant will be Apple's second big investment in Karnataka within a span of eight months. Make in India: Apple to commence assembling of iPhones in Bengaluru from second quarter of 2017Apple India (official) Job portal Going by the reports, it looks like Apple is very serious about its plans for India. The company recorded its highest quarterly revenue collection in its last quarter ending December 2016, but revenue from mobiles continue to decline in developed markets of America, Europe and China as the smartphone reach has reached its peak. Only India seems to be the bright spot for the Cupertino-based company. Read more: Apple registers record quarterly revenue: Thanks to iPhone 7 sales or Galaxy Note7 ban? What are the benefits of Apple iPhones being manufactured/assembled locally? "Tax differential between locally manufacturing mobile phones and imports is around 10-12%. Currently, iPhone launch prices in India have been amongst the highest globally .Hence, Apple's decision of locally manufacturing in India will enable them to launch the iPhones at lower prices than it has been in the past few years because of higher import taxes in India,"Karthik J, senior mobile market analyst at International Data Corporation (IDC), said to IBTimes India. If things go as planned, Apple may also consider to source iPhones to other neighboring countries from India, Karthik added. Apple rivals -- Samsung, Asus, Lenovo, Xiaomi and OnePlus among others in association with Foxcon and other supply partners have already established local manufacturing units in India. By locally assembling the iPhones, the Apple device's price will get relatively more affordable and also match global prices. This might also result in lesser carry-in of iPhones from other countries, Karthik said.   "Given that iPhone 5S being the top selling model for Apple, the entry level iPhones would become even more affordable. In addition, this would also have an emotional connect and appeal amongst consumers who would like to purchase "Made in India" products," Karthik added. Watch this space for latest news on Apple products. Related Samsung commits Rs 1,971 crores for expansion of Noida plant Asus to start manufacturing Zenfone 3 Max in India in December Huawei to start manufacturing phones in India Also read Made-in-India smartphone shipments surge in Q1, 2016: Report Huawei Honor 8, Holly 3 series smartphones debut in India; price, specification details Quick Links Apple Narendra Modi Post Comment IBT TV Close Vodafone Foundation helps save mothers’ and children’s lives in one of the world’s worst HIV hotspots Why advertise with us? Latest News Multiple HTC smartphones discounted by as much as $250 in US 1 hour ago By Rahul R Samsung Gear S2 Classic 3G now available for just $96 3 hours ago By Rahul R Editor's Pick A human colony on Mars could be wiped out in minutes: NASA Comet 45P set to fly by Earth: Date, time and where to watch Why advertise with us? most popular Sony Playstation Now service updated with new games Check out the full list of new Sony Playstation Now games that also includes Dynasty Warriors 6 Empires. Is India prepared to recycle its huge pile of junk mobile phones and computers? India, the world's second largest mobile market, is also the fifth largest producer of e-waste, discarding roughly 18.5 lakh tonnes of e-waste each year. Ubisoft confirms Ghost Recon: Wildlands open beta Eager gamers can glimpse into Ghost Recon: Wildlands soon with Open Beta. Infosys hires law firm to review its simmering corporate governance issues Some Infosys founders expressed concerns about sharp compensation hike for CEO Vishal Sikka and the severance package offered to ex-executives. Complete list of smartwatches that will get Android Wear 2.0 Android Wear 2.0 will come with many exciting features that will give a new experience to the users. OnePlus 4 aka OnePlus 5 release date, features, price: What we know so far The OnePlus 4 aka OnePlus 5 is expected to sport a 5.5-inch Quad HD AMOLED display with 2,560 x1,440 pixels. IPhone 8 Price revealed: Buyers will need to shell out top dollar Apple is still months away from launching the 2017 edition of the iPhone, but the price of the new flagship will make you trip. Latest WhatsApp update introduces two-step verification feature to safeguard user account WhatsApp Messenger's latest update brings the much needed security feature -- Two-step verification system -- which ensures additional protection to users' account. Photo Gallery Alia Bhatt and Varun Dhawan launch Tamma Tamma Again song from Badrinath Ki Dulhania Bollywood actor Alia Bhatt and Varun Dhawan launch Tamma Tamma Again song from Badrinath Ki Dulhania. Hrithik Roshan spotted at Slimless clinic Bollywood actor Hrithik Roshan spotted at Slimless clinic in Bandra. India US World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Photos Video About us Advertise with us Brand Terms of service Privacy & Cookie Policy Permission Syndication Careers Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2016 International Business Times, India Edition All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest RSS
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Apple Is Getting Pushed Around in China By Local Phone Brands Bloomberg News February 6, 2017, 1:40 AM EST Oppo, Huawei and Vivo now control half of total shipments Apple saw its first annual iPhone shipment drop in China Apple's Beat: iPhone Strength or Samsung Weakness? Chinese smartphone brands Oppo and Huawei are tightening their grip on the world’s largest market, grabbing local share and squeezing out Apple Inc. and Samsung Electronics Co. After including Vivo, Chinese vendors held the top three slots and accounted for 48 percent of shipments in the country during 2016, research firm IDC said. With a line-up of flexible- and curved-screen devices, they look set to dominate the market in 2017. A decline in Apple shipments in the fourth quarter highlighted how the iPhone 7 failed to make as big a splash in the face of escalating competition. Apple and Samsung have steadily ceded ground in China to aggressive local manufacturers since Xiaomi Corp. came on the scene around 2011. Xiaomi itself was ranked fifth in 2016, as Oppo, Huawei Technologies Co. and Vivo phones were the top three sellers, accounting for 48 percent of shipments last year and relegating the U.S. company to fourth spot, IDC said in a report released Monday. “Even though the new black colored iPhones caught the attention of consumers, overall, the new launches did not create as much of a frenzy compared to the past,” IDC said in its report, a regular and closely watched release. Chinese vendors are marketing higher-end gadgetry that appeals to consumers seeking Apple-like quality and innovation. IPhone shipments plummeted 23.2 percent in 2016, shrinking Apple’s market share to just 9.6 percent -- the lowest in about two years. Samsung didn’t even figure in the top five. Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology. Sign Up China had for years driven Apple’s spectacular growth even as smartphone demand elsewhere faltered. But the country’s slowdown, regulatory tangles and -- critically -- the ascendancy of cheaper but just-as-good local alternatives took its toll. The country remains pivotal to the company’s business, especially with developed markets saturated and Apple still exploring promising countries such as India, where price is king and the U.S. company barely registers in market rankings. Apple may regain ground with the next iPhone later this year, the 10th anniversary of the device that ushered in the modern smartphone industry. Apple is expected to showcase the best features it can bring to bear in an increasingly commoditized market. “Apple’s 10-year anniversary iPhone will also likely attract some of the high-end Android users in China to convert to an iPhone,” IDC said. In the meantime, local brands hold sway. Oppo, Huawei and Vivo took advantage of vast store networks as online handset sales plateaued. Along with improved customer service and a push to open their own retail stores, especially in smaller cities, Chinese smartphone makers have moved away from budget devices. Frontrunner Oppo saw shipments grow from a little more than 35 million units in 2015 to 78.4 million last year, IDC estimates. Vivo also nearly doubled its annual shipments. Overall, 467.3 million units smartphones were moved in China last year, up 8.7 percent from 2015. Now local vendors are setting their sights overseas. Huawei, which sells about half its smartphones abroad, is targeting $33 billion in 2017 revenue for its consumer electronics division, which sells smartphones, wearable devices and tablets. Chinese brands, led by Vivo, have already muscled out local rivals in India and are increasingly challenging Samsung, the leader there. “We expect these vendors to increase their shipments in the international market, with India as a key target for these top Chinese vendors,” IDC said its report. Q4 Shipments (mln) Q4 Market Share (%) Shipment growth (%, yoy) Oppo 24.5 18.1 109.2 Huawei 22.9 16.9 27.7 Vivo 21.7 16.0 96.4 Apple 14.9 11.0 -12.8 Xiaomi 10.1 7.4 -40.5 Others 41.6 30.7 5 Total 135.7 100 18.7 2016 Shipments (mln) 2016 Market Share (%) Shipment growth (%, yoy) Oppo 78.4 16.8 122.2 Huawei 76.6 16.4 21.8 Vivo 69.2 14.8 96.9 Apple 44.9 9.6 -23.2 Xiaomi 41.5 8.9 -36 Others 156.7 33.5 -9.6 Total 467.3 100 8.7 — With assistance by Yuan Gao Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Trump Vows to Fight as Appeals Court Thwarts Immigration Ban Now Under Armour Has a Trump Problem, Too White House: Cohn-Led Tax Plan Is Real and It’s Phenomenal Trumpflation Is Running Out of Gas Trump Weighs New Immigration Order With Next Legal Moves Unclear Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home About Us Contact Us Subscribe Visitors Info News Sports Opinions For the Record Obituaries Police Reports Governor's Agenda Senate Agenda Island Life 24/7 Island Action People & Community Community News Celebrations Classifieds Best of the V.I. Island Trader About Us Contact Us Subscribe e-Edition 80° Saint Thomas, VI (00802) Today Partly cloudy. High 82F. Winds ENE at 10 to 15 mph.. Tonight Clear to partly cloudy. Low 74F. Winds NE at 5 to 10 mph. Updated: February 10, 2017 @ 9:53 am Full Forecast Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Toggle navigation About Us Contact Us Subscribe Visitors Info News Sports Opinions For the Record Obituaries Police Reports Governor's Agenda Senate Agenda Island Life 24/7 Island Action People & Community Community News Celebrations Classifieds Best of the V.I. Island Trader Close Photo by SIPA USA President-elect Donald Trump, center, and Apple CEO Tim Cook, right, are seen at a meeting of technology leaders at Trump Tower in New York. Can Trump bring iPhone factories back to US? By Marisa Kendall The Mercury News Feb 6, 2017 0 Photo by SIPA USA President-elect Donald Trump, center, and Apple CEO Tim Cook, right, are seen at a meeting of technology leaders at Trump Tower in New York. SAN JOSE, Calif. — When Pat McIntyre’s company started making its smart sprinkler system 10 years ago, ETwater’s production was done in China, where labor costs were cheaper. Today, the company, based in the Bay Area city of Novato, does its manufacturing at a production facility in Silicon Valley’s Santa Clara. Although McIntyre’s costs initially went up by 10 to 15 percent, thanks to automation, his new factory is much more efficient. It also employs far fewer workers. As President Donald Trump pushes U.S. companies to make more products in the U.S., firms like ETWater and Tesla, which rely heavily on automation, illustrate that it can be done in some industries. But even if more Bay Area companies start making products in the U.S., experts in manufacturing and job creation say Trump’s pledge to tax offshore manufacturing isn’t likely to produce a boom in old-style factory jobs. And despite rising labor costs in China, it’s still cheaper for Apple — and consumers — to build smartphones overseas. “The success of Tesla is a good example that you can bring manufacturing back to this country, for sure,” said Venky Ganesan, managing director of Menlo Ventures and chairman of the board of the National Venture Capital Association. “But don’t expect it to create a tremendous amount of jobs.” Since winning the election, Trump has doubled down on his campaign promise to tax companies that make products overseas and ship them to the U.S., meeting with tech and auto executives last week to talk tariffs. Last week, the White House announced a new Manufacturing Jobs Initiative, which will tap tech leaders, including Tesla CEO Elon Musk, Intel CEO Brian Krzanich, and Dell Technologies CEO Michael Dell. Trump also has promised to ease regulations in the U.S. as an incentive for companies to bring production here. But not all tech gadgets are good candidates to return home. “The question everyone seems to be asking is: Will the iPhones come back?” said Andy Tsay, a business professor at Santa Clara University who specializes in global manufacturing. “My answer is: there’s not a good economic reason for it.” Trump has pressured Apple CEO Tim Cook to make iPhones here, but the smartphone manufacturing industry already is entrenched in China. Everything from the companies that make smartphone components to the technicians who repair the factory machines is there, Tsay said, and moving that massive ecosystem to the U.S. would be a costly and time-consuming endeavor. Some of that cost would be passed on to consumers. The price of a $749 iPhone 6s, for example, would increase between $30 and $40 if Apple assembled the product closer to its Cupertino, Calif., headquarters, according to a report by the MIT Technology Review. If the phone’s components also were made in the U.S., the price likely would go up $100. The auto industry faces a similar problem, said AutoPacific analyst Dave Sullivan, of Michigan. Union workers at U.S. auto manufacturing plants make almost $50 an hour, he said, compared to $7 or $8 in Mexico. “There’s a lot working against the notion of bringing auto manufacturing back to the U.S.,” he said. U.S. companies with overseas factories risk being demonized by the president on Twitter and watching their stock prices plunge as a result. But at least one global company appears to be taking advantage of Trump’s agenda. Taiwanese Foxconn, which makes iPhones and other electronics, reportedly is considering spending more than $7 billion to open a display-making plant in the U.S. In the Bay Area, manufacturing already is in the midst of a revival that predates Trump’s entrance into politics. After plummeting 41 percent between 1990 and 2010 in Santa Clara County, the number of manufacturing jobs has started to creep back up, according to the state’s Employment Development Department. The industry added 10,400 jobs between 2010 and 2015 — an increase of about 7 percent. San Francisco and Alameda counties also saw small gains. Now companies in emerging, Silicon Valley-centered fields like autonomous vehicles and artificial intelligence are primed to open local factories for everything from the cars themselves, to the semiconductors that go in those cars, to the cameras and other sensors used by AI technology, said Peter Leroe-Munoz, vice president of technology and innovation for the Silicon Valley Leadership Group. “I really see these emerging companies being localized here in Silicon Valley,” he said. “It’s going to make more and more economic sense to build, produce and ultimately sell in the same marketplace as where your expertise and ultimately your consumer base is.” And labor costs are rising in Chinese cities such as Beijing and Shanghai after years of American factories pumping money into the local economies, Tsay said, making it less enticing for companies to build factories there. Chinese factories also tend to be less productive, while U.S. plants rely more on automation and require fewer human workers. At Tesla’s Fremont, Calif., factory, for example, which moved into an old Toyota plant in 2010, a combination of robots and skilled technicians and engineers replaced many of the blue-collar laborers who used to build Toyotas there. Tesla says it employs more than 6,000 people at the factory, including former workers who were retrained. ETwater started production of its smart sprinkler system in 2006 in China because it was cheaper, said McIntyre. In 2009, the average manufacturing worker in the U.S. made $34.19 an hour, compared to $1.74 in China, according to the most recent data available from the Bureau of Labor Statistics. But having a factory so far away made quality control difficult, McIntyre said. ETwater began transitioning to a Santa Clara factory in 2010. While the Chinese plant employed hundreds, McIntyre said, the more automated Santa Clara factory has about 50. After the move, the number of sprinklers returned by unhappy customers was cut in half. “If there is a quality issue, we’re there,” McIntyre said. “We can work collaboratively with our engineers.” × Post a comment Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Search Latest News Vote to fill Senate seat could take place April 8 Territory sees tourism decline as region sees growth Sotomayor tells students how she made to the nation's highest court Woman receives jail time for damaging vehicle Sex offender punished for failing to keep registration current St. Croix man sentenced for unlawful mailing of firearm Puerto Rico man sentenced for cocaine conspiracy Trio Montage Most Popular Articles Images Videos Commented Articles Richard Avery Former President Barack Obama vacationing in the BVI Former VIPD officers to be sentenced Supermarket delay ongoing embarrassment for GERS Eirleen January Three wounded in Smith Bay shooting Norma Leona Romney LIAT confirms suspension of territory flights Jennifer Haynes Moorehead Feds place V.I. Labor Department in high-risk category Images Videos Sorry, there are no recent results for popular videos. Commented WICO board ignores 3rd Circuit ruling, bars public from meeting (2) A Tale of Two Realities (1) Illegal meetings (1) Still no 'transparency' website, though one is required by law (1) HALOS & PITCHFORKS (1) Senate minority decries disrespect for them and the people (1) Evelyn Victoria Williams (1) Robert Wilden Green (1) Students Prosper from STEM Education (1) V.I. government must stop living a fairy tale (1) Stocks Sections News Sports Opinions For the Record Island Life Multimedia Online Features Services Subscription Services Submission Forms Classifieds Place an Ad Business Directory Email Alerts Search Contact Information virginislandsdailynews.com 9155 Estate Thomas St. Thomas, VI 00802 Phone: 340-774-8772 Email: online@dailynews.vi Follow Us © Copyright 2017 virginislandsdailynews.com, 9155 Estate Thomas St. Thomas, VI | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
