Recent Posts Google Hangouts on iOS goes deeper with Callkit integration “Android 8.0” found in manifests for Google Photos, Keep On Reddit, Foxconn leakers AMA sees impacts on iPhone 8, Apple Iris The Siri speaker and other things you should look for at WWDC 2017 Have mobile floating windows worn off? Recent Comments Anonymous on Microsoft hardware event set for October 26, Surface Phone could be as late as 2018 Anonymous on Sony Xperia Z3 review: Xperia Z2 v. 1.1, but still worth every penny Anonymous on Acer and Starbreeze’s co-developed StarVR headset gears up for IMAX VR Center debut Anonymous on iPhone 6s Plus review: more capability, more complexity Anonymous on Huawei MateBook vs Samsung Galaxy TabPro S Archives June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005 January 2005 December 2004 November 2004 October 2004 September 2004 August 2004 July 2004 June 2004 May 2004 April 2004 March 2004 February 2004 January 2004 December 2003 November 2003 October 2003 September 2003 August 2003 July 2003 June 2003 May 2003 April 2003 March 2003 February 2003 January 2003 December 2002 November 2002 October 2002 September 2002 August 2002 July 2002 June 2002 May 2002 April 2002 March 2002 February 2002 January 2002 December 2001 November 2001 October 2001 September 2001 August 2001 July 2001 June 2001 May 2001 April 2001 March 2001 February 2001 January 2001 December 2000 November 2000 October 2000 August 2000 July 2000 June 2000 May 2000 Categories Android BlackBerry Interview iOS Phones Reviews Security & Privacy Tablets Uncategorized Wearables webOS Windows Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org logo sidebar Reviews Editorials Videos Podcast Deals Navigation Reviews Editorials Videos Podcast Deals iOS Apple Neural Engine will put AI to facial, speech recognition by Jules WangMay 29, 2017 2:45 pm Contents Full Article Rating Comments Advertisement We may learn of what the Apple Neural Engine is when WWDC 2017 kicks off, but until then, Bloomberg reports from a source familiar with the matter that chipset exists as part of the company’s efforts to incorporate artificial intelligence into regular computing. The Apple Neural Engine could pop up alongside iOS 11 in San Jose from June 5. Processors purposed for AI would help Apple run autonomous cars, improve graphics processing on computers and serve up services with ease and proprietary hardware, just for example — facial recognition and speech recognition are the big call-outs, but would be featured not as part of the base OS, but in applications. The chips would also take away workload for the main processor. ARM announced new processor cores during Computex this weekend that will pose as other chipmakers’ entry into AI-integrated chips coming soon. Amazon and Google are also working on their own micro-hardware. Share This Post Advertisement likethis What's your reaction? Love It 48% Like It 33% Want It 10% Had It 5% Hated It 5% ViaMacRumors SourceBloomberg Posted In iOS, Phones, Tablets, Wearables Tags AI, Apple, Apple Car, Apple Neural Engine, developers, iOS, iOS 11, News, Rumors, WWDC 2017 AI, Apple, Apple Car, Apple Neural Engine, developers, iOS, iOS 11, News, Rumors, WWDC 2017 About The Author Jules Wang Jules Wang is News Editor for Pocketnow and one of the hosts of the Pocketnow Weekly Podcast. He came onto the team in 2014 as an intern editing and producing videos and the podcast while he was studying journalism at Emerson College. He graduated the year after and entered into his current position at Pocketnow, full-time. Advertisement Recent Posts Sort   Google Hangouts on iOS goes deeper with Callkit integration “Android 8.0” found in manifests for Google Photos, Keep Must Read:On Reddit, Foxconn leakers AMA sees impacts on iPhone 8, Apple Iris The Siri speaker and other things you should look for at WWDC 2017 12345 1234 Recommended Videos Connect with Pocketnow Advertisement Recent Podcast Episodes Sort   The Unnecessary LG phones and the Essential Phone | #PNWeekly 255 Convertibles, Project Treble and Fear China! | #PNWeekly 254 Let’s chat HTC U11 and playing Zelda on your phone! | Pocketnow Weekly 253 12345 1234 Recent Interviews Sort   Panay: Surface Pro 5? How about “meaningful change” with your “Surface Pro Next... Smartphone Addiction and Digital Mental Health: Dr. Timothy Fong Interview, UCLA Neuroscience (Vi... Redditor dissatisfied that his Google Pixel speaker issue ends in refund 12345 1234 Recent Videos Sort   Galaxy S8 Bixby disappointment, OnePlus 5 event dates & more – Pocketnow Daily ZTE Axon 7 After the Buzz: A whole lot of bang for buck (Video) Essential Phone dates, OnePlus 5 user collaboration & more – Pocketnow Daily 12345 1234 Get in touch About Us Contact Us Tip Us Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Follow Us ©2017 Pocketnow.com. All rights reserved, Hagshama Keebali Investments Two General Partnership Pocketnow.com - Smartphone, Tablet, and Wearable reviews, videos, editorials, and news Compare Go
Editions Africa Australia France Global United Kingdom United States Sections Home Arts + Culture Economy + Business Education Environment + Energy Ethics + Religion Health + Medicine Politics + Society Science + Technology Search Services Newsletter Read on Play Newsstand Information Who we are Our charter Our team Partners and funders Contributing institutions Contact us Donate Friends of The Conversation Privacy policy Terms and conditions Corrections Edition: Available editions United States Africa Australia France Global United Kingdom Donate Become an author Sign up as a reader Sign in Get newsletter Search Academic rigor, journalistic flair Arts + Culture Economy + Business Education Environment + Energy Ethics + Religion Health + Medicine Politics + Society Science + Technology Follow Topics Scientists at work Subscribe Technophrenia On the interface between technology, people and society Apple’s new mobile AI chip could create a new level of intelligence May 29, 2017 9.30am EDT David Glance Author David Glance Director of UWA Centre for Software Practice, University of Western Australia Disclosure statement David Glance owns shares in Apple Partners University of Western Australia provides funding as a founding partner of The Conversation AU. View all partners Republish this article Republish our articles for free, online or in print, under Creative Commons license. Neural networks driving machine learning. Shutterstock Email Twitter Facebook LinkedIn WhatsApp Messenger Apple is reportedly working on a chip called the Apple Neural Engine, which would be dedicated to carrying out artificial intelligence (AI) processing on its mobile devices. The addition of this type of capability would catalyse the use of AI on mobile devices. Although it is already being used extensively to power digital assistants like Siri and Google Assistant, these technologies rely on computer servers to process data sent to them rather than the processing happening on the mobile device itself. Augmented reality and digital assistants are not the only applications of AI that will become important on mobile devices. Once the capability is made available to all mobile application developers, it will bring new types of capabilities to mobile devices. Health applications, for example, will be able to tell when body readings from sensors on the phone or associated wearable devices are abnormal and need acting on. But the uses are potentially limitless and will bring about a new phase in how we rely on applications and our mobile devices in everyday life. And they will work, even when the device is not connected to the internet. Strictly speaking, a specific processor is not an essential requirement for using AI on a mobile phone. Chip-maker Qualcomm for example has provided a software-based approach, called the Snapdragon Neural Processing Engine, to allow developers using their chips to incorporate AI into their software. An example of this is a car that monitors the driver using a camera and warns when they are using their smartphone or driving erratically. Specific AI hardware however greatly speeds up the process called “machine learning” and allows for more sophisticated types of AI to be used. Google’s AI hardware, called the Tensor Processing Unit, is 15 to 30 times faster than the fastest computer processors (CPUs) and graphic processors (GPUs) that power computers today. These TPUs were what gave Google’s DeepMind its ability to beat the world champions of the Chinese game of Go. These TPUs also have vastly improved Google’s automated language translation software, Google Translate. The inclusion of AI in mobile software is going to massively increase the potential usefulness of that software and through that, how much we come to depend on the mobile phone. Our state of health, for example, is really about how we are doing relative to how we normally feel. Changes in behaviour can signal changes in mental health, including conditions like dementia and Parkinson’s. They can also be precursors of illnesses such as diabetes as well as respiratory and cardiovascular diseases. Our phones could monitor patterns of activity and even how we walk. This ability would be based on the software learning our normal patterns and once having detected a change, decide what to do about it. The phone would be part of a self-directed ecosystem of intelligent and autonomous machines, including cars. Not only is the driving of autonomous cars completely dependent on AI to function, it is likely that people will eventually share the use of these cars when needed, rather than owning one themselves. AI will again be essential for managing how this sharing functions to manage the most efficient distribution of cars, directing which cars need to pick up which clients. To do this, the scheduling AI service will need to liaise with AI software on everyone’s phones to determine where and when they will be at a given location and where they need to get to. AI on a mobile device will also increasingly be used to keep the device protected, checking if applications and communications are secure or likely to be a threat. This technology is already being implemented in smart home appliances, but as software. The addition of special AI chips will allow them to be much faster and to do more. Researchers are also looking at analysing the way we move as a means of uniquely identifying the wearer of a device. AI will essentially be able to fill in and apply the understanding and knowledge that not everyone possesses. Even if they do, remembering to do something, even when it is in your own best interest, is sometimes hard. There is a counter argument to the benefits of increasing the intelligence of mobile devices however. This is the fear that as we come to rely on devices to do things, we will lose the ability to maintain that skill and that this will eventually impact on a person’s overall cognitive ability, or at least on their ability to operate without the AI. The successful outcome of having an AI assisting depends on the user following its advice, and this is something that people may not be that good at doing. Previous post May 18, 2017 Few Australians trust social media with personal information but most do little about it Next post June 4, 2017 How to escape the media’s obsession with Trump and filter him from the web Tweet Share Get newsletter Newsletter Help combat alt-facts and fake news and donate to independent journalism. Tax deductible. Make a donation Most popular on The Conversation The rising homegrown terror threat on the right Fidget toys aren’t just hype Why do only some people get ‘skin orgasms’ from listening to music? 7 in 10 smartphone apps share your data with third-party services Why Jefferson’s vision of American Islam matters today Should we put juveniles away for life? Meet the teen who sparked a debate What’s behind the fidget spinner fad? Are we overreacting to US withdrawal from the Paris Agreement on climate? How would engineers build the Golden Gate Bridge today? How do the chemicals in sunscreen protect our skin from damage? Expert Database Find experts with knowledge in:* Want to write? Write an article and join a growing community of more than 51,000 academics and researchers from 2,050 institutions. Register now The Conversation Community Community standards Republishing guidelines Friends of The Conversation Research and Expert Database Our feeds Donate Company Who we are Our charter Our team Partners and funders Contributing institutions Resource for media Contact us Stay informed Subscribe to our Newsletters Email address ✔ Africa Australia France Global United Kingdom United States Follow us on social media Privacy policy Terms and conditions Corrections Copyright © 2010–2017, The Conversation US, Inc.
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish 15-inch MacBook Pro Shipping Estimates Slip By Tyler Lee on 05/29/2017 16:34 PDT WWDC is usually Apple’s platform for announcing new software and services, and while in the past Apple has used it to launch new iPhones, they haven’t really done that in quite a few years now. However this year could change as we are hearing that Apple could be launching new hardware, such as new laptops, new iPads, and so on. In fact to support this speculation, it has been noticed that the shipping estimates for Apple’s 15-inch MacBook Pros have been slipping. According to Apple’s website and noted by MacRumors, the laptops are now said to ship between June 5-June 7 for the faster option, or June 6-8 for the free shipping option. Given that there hasn’t been a surge in purchases, it does seem odd and it would suggest that Apple is running low on stock in anticipation that they will be replacing the existing models with newer ones. We doubt that it will be too big of a hardware refresh, so most likely we’ll be looking at newer processors and some minor improvements. We haven’t really heard anything about the 12-inch MacBook but it is also rumored to be one of the laptops that Apple plans on refreshing. In any case maybe we’re reading too much into this so take it with a grain of salt, but with WWDC kicking off next Monday we should have the official details soon. Filed in Apple >Computers >Rumors. Read more about laptops and Macbook Pro. Related Articles 2017-05-29 Apple’s 17-inch MacBook Pro To Be Marked Obsolete June 30 2017-05-21 Apple Ends 2011 MacBook Pro Graphics Repair Program 2017-05-16 New MacBook, MacBook Pro Upgrades Planned For WWDC 2017-04-21 Refurbished 13-inch MacBook Pro With Touch Bar Now Available 2017-04-13 MacBook Pro Owners Reporting ‘Popping’ Sounds Hold On Tight, Your Flights In The Future Could Get A Lot Bumpier Samsung Galaxy S8 VS LG G6 In Speed Test Company In Sweden Embeds Microchips Into Its Employees Some Facebook Users Are Seeing A New Rocket Icon In The App Google Pulls The Plug On Its Map Maker Service Some Nintendo Switch Owners Are Reporting Warped Consoles User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple’s WWDC returns to San Jose June 5-9, 2017 Cupertino, California — Apple today announced its 28th annual Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) — hosting the world’s most talented developer community — will be held at the McEnery Convention Center in San Jose. The conference, kicking off June 5, will inspire developers from all walks of life to turn their passions into the next great innovations and apps that customers use every day across iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch, Apple TV and Mac. Each year during WWDC, millions of talented developers around the world learn about Apple’s breakthrough platform technologies ranging from programming languages like Swift to breakthrough developer APIs like SiriKit, HomeKit, HealthKit and CarPlay. These Apple technologies inspire developers to continue creating incredible experiences for every aspect of customers’ lives and improve the way they manage their smart homes, cars, health and more for over one billion active Apple devices. CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple FY 17 First Quarter Results Conference Call Next PostNext Apple Park opens to employees in April Search Recent Posts iMobie PhoneRescue Now Restores Lost Data for Android Users with Highest Success Rate, Even Directly to Phones and Tablets Global Industrial Cartridge Valves Market Industry 2022 Forecast Report Mining Equipment -Market Demand, Growth, Opportunities and Analysis of Top Key Player Forecast To 2022 Hydraulic Bolt Tensioner Market Industry Global Size, Share, Trend & Forecast 2017-2022 Hot Foil Stamping Machine Market Global Size, Share, Trend & Forecast 2017 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple Watch band offerings expand for spring 2017 Today, Apple introduced a new lineup of fresh and bright band colors that give customers more opportunity than ever to personalize and customize their Apple Watch. Highlights for the season include a wide stripe Woven Nylon band, standalone Nike Sport Bands and beautifully crafted Apple Watch Hermès bands in striking new colors. All-new bands are available to order today from apple.com and for purchase at select Apple Stores, Apple Authorized Resellers and carriers in late March. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUPDATE Post navigation Previous PostPrevious New 9.7-inch iPad features stunning Retina display and incredible performance Next PostNext Raising the bar: Apple’s 11th annual Supplier Responsibility progress report released Search Recent Posts iMobie PhoneRescue Now Restores Lost Data for Android Users with Highest Success Rate, Even Directly to Phones and Tablets Global Industrial Cartridge Valves Market Industry 2022 Forecast Report Mining Equipment -Market Demand, Growth, Opportunities and Analysis of Top Key Player Forecast To 2022 Hydraulic Bolt Tensioner Market Industry Global Size, Share, Trend & Forecast 2017-2022 Hot Foil Stamping Machine Market Global Size, Share, Trend & Forecast 2017 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Raising the bar: Apple’s 11th annual Supplier Responsibility progress report released Apple’s responsible sourcing efforts expanded beyond conflict minerals to include cobalt for the first time. For the second year in a row, 100% of Apple’s tin, tungsten, tantalum, and gold (3TG) smelters and refiners are participating in independent third-party audits. Apple has also partnered with numerous NGOs to drive positive change on the ground, including Pact, who are working to provide essential health and safety training to artisanal mining and building programs to help children stay in school. In 2016, Apple trained more than 2.4 million workers on their rights as employees. Since 2008, over 2 million people have participated in Apple’s Supplier Employee Education and Development (SEED) program. It offers opportunities to earn higher education degrees, attend vocational training, and take classes in arts, finance and language skills. To learn more about Apple’s progress, go to apple.com/supplier-responsibility. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUPDATE Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple Watch band offerings expand for spring 2017 Next PostNext Apple takes supplier clean energy program to Japan Search Recent Posts iMobie PhoneRescue Now Restores Lost Data for Android Users with Highest Success Rate, Even Directly to Phones and Tablets Global Industrial Cartridge Valves Market Industry 2022 Forecast Report Mining Equipment -Market Demand, Growth, Opportunities and Analysis of Top Key Player Forecast To 2022 Hydraulic Bolt Tensioner Market Industry Global Size, Share, Trend & Forecast 2017-2022 Hot Foil Stamping Machine Market Global Size, Share, Trend & Forecast 2017 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple takes supplier clean energy program to Japan Ibiden’s products help bring together the integrated circuitry and chip packages in Apple devices. Their renewable energy projects will produce over 12 MW of solar power — more than the energy they need for Apple manufacturing — and support Japan’s nationwide efforts to limit its carbon emissions. “These innovative new clean energy investments demonstrate our commitment to doing business responsibly and economically,” said Kyoichi Yamanaka, Managing Director of Ibiden’s Environment Group. “Our products help Apple devices run smarter, and now we’re powering our operations with smarter energy too. We’re pleased to partner with Apple and lead the way in helping Japan meet its clean energy goals.” Apple and its suppliers will be generating over 2.5 billion kilowatt hours per year of clean energy for the manufacturing of Apple products by the end of 2018 — equal to taking over 400,000 cars off the road for a year. Apple has taken significant steps to protect the environment by transitioning from fossil fuels to clean energy. Today, the company is powering 100 percent of its operations in 23 countries, and more than 93 percent of its worldwide operations, with renewable energy. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUPDATE Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Raising the bar: Apple’s 11th annual Supplier Responsibility progress report released Next PostNext Swift Playgrounds now available in five additional languages Search Recent Posts iMobie PhoneRescue Now Restores Lost Data for Android Users with Highest Success Rate, Even Directly to Phones and Tablets Global Industrial Cartridge Valves Market Industry 2022 Forecast Report Mining Equipment -Market Demand, Growth, Opportunities and Analysis of Top Key Player Forecast To 2022 Hydraulic Bolt Tensioner Market Industry Global Size, Share, Trend & Forecast 2017-2022 Hot Foil Stamping Machine Market Global Size, Share, Trend & Forecast 2017 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple opens new stores in Nanjing, Cologne and Miami PHOTOS March 25, 2017 previous next Apple Nanjing Jinmao Place Apple Schildergasse Apple Brickell City Center Apple opened its doors to customers today at new stores in Nanjing, Cologne and Miami, bringing Apple’s latest retail innovations to the heart of each city. More than 350 store employees welcomed thousands of customers at the grand openings, some queuing for days in advance. Each store complements the local architecture, from the restored facade in Schildergasse to the 90-by-30-foot glass entryway of Apple Nanjing. For the first time in each city, customers explored The Forum, a place where the local community can gather and learn. All three stores also feature The Boardroom, a space for local entrepreneurs, developers and business customers to get hands-on advice and training. Apple Nanjing Jinmao Place Customers lined up starting Thursday at the 90-by-30-foot glass storefront of Apple Nanjing Jinmao Place. Customers in Nanjing explore Apple’s latest products at Apple Nanjing Jinmao Place. Apple Nanjing Jinmao Place is the first store in China to feature a stone staircase with integrated recessed handrails. Apple Schildergasse Apple Schildergasse in Cologne is the first store in Germany to feature Apple’s latest innovative store design, including a Forum, Avenues and Boardroom. The double height grand hall of Apple Schildergasse in Cologne features a circular, suspended glass stair case. Apple restored the historic facade at Apple Schildergasse in Cologne. Apple Brickell City Centre The 100 employees at Apple Brickell City Centre in Miami speak nine languages, and nearly half speak Spanish. Customers gathered at Apple Brickell City Centre, Apple’s fifth store in Miami. Photos from Apple stores in Nanjing, Cologne and Miami CategoriesUncategorized TagsPhotos Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Swift Playgrounds now available in five additional languages Next PostNext Apple introduces Clips: the fun, new way to create expressive videos on iOS Search Recent Posts Portrait of Leonardo da Vinci discovered. Guess Who the Artist is? IBM Announces Partnership with Baheal Group to Bring Watson for Oncology to China Pacifists cheer Methodist minister ahead of trial for criminal damage Hyland Appoints Charles Hanna as Domestic Director of Insurance Solutions Group Governor Cuomo Announces I Love New York, Israel Ministry of Tourism and El Al Israel Airlines Global Path Through History Partnership Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple introduces Clips: the fun, new way to create expressive videos on iOS Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, macOS, watchOS and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple’s more than 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it. CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple opens new stores in Nanjing, Cologne and Miami Next PostNext Clips brings fun and simple video creation to iPhone and iPad Search Recent Posts iMobie PhoneRescue Now Restores Lost Data for Android Users with Highest Success Rate, Even Directly to Phones and Tablets Global Industrial Cartridge Valves Market Industry 2022 Forecast Report Mining Equipment -Market Demand, Growth, Opportunities and Analysis of Top Key Player Forecast To 2022 Hydraulic Bolt Tensioner Market Industry Global Size, Share, Trend & Forecast 2017-2022 Hot Foil Stamping Machine Market Global Size, Share, Trend & Forecast 2017 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple celebrates store opening at Dubai Mall UPDATE April 27, 2017 Apple Dubai Mall provides stunning views of the Burj Khalifa and Dubai Fountain from the two-level store. Perched above the Dubai Fountain and in the shadow of the Burj Khalifa, Apple Dubai Mall opened to thousands of customers Thursday afternoon. Customers were the first in the Middle East to experience the just-announced Today at Apple programs. Apple employees welcome customers to Apple’s third store in the United Arab Emirates. Thousands of customers gather at Apple Dubai Mall for the grand opening on Thursday afternoon. Customers in Dubai explore the latest products in the new store. Local musicians perform during Today at Apple sessions at Apple Dubai Mall. During a Today at Apple performance, an artist illustrates the session on iPad Pro with Apple Pencil. The carbon fiber “Solar Wings” open to invite the community to the public terrace along the 186-foot curved storefront. Visitors experience Apple’s latest innovative store design, including the Genius Grove, Forum, Avenues and Boardroom. Find out more about upcoming events and registration for Apple Dubai Mall. Photos from Apple Dubai Mall CategoriesUncategorized TagsUPDATE Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple celebrates Earth Day with new initiatives and stories of innovation Next PostNext Apple awards Corning Advanced Manufacturing Fund investment Search Recent Posts iMobie PhoneRescue Now Restores Lost Data for Android Users with Highest Success Rate, Even Directly to Phones and Tablets Drilling Begins! Zion Oil & Gas Spuds Megiddo-Jezreel #1 Well Global Industrial Cartridge Valves Market Industry 2022 Forecast Report Mining Equipment -Market Demand, Growth, Opportunities and Analysis of Top Key Player Forecast To 2022 Hydraulic Bolt Tensioner Market Industry Global Size, Share, Trend & Forecast 2017-2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple awards Corning Advanced Manufacturing Fund investment Apple has committed to investing at least $1 billion with US-based companies as part of the fund, which is designed to foster innovative production and highly skilled jobs that will help lay the foundation for a new era of technology-driven manufacturing in the US. “Corning’s longstanding relationship with Apple has not only led to significant glass innovations that have enabled new capabilities for consumers, it has also helped create nearly 1,000 American jobs and allowed us to continue growing and expanding in the US,” said Wendell P. Weeks, Corning’s chairman, chief executive officer and president. “This investment will ensure our plant in Harrodsburg remains a global center of excellence for glass technology.” In the US, Apple now supports 2 million jobs across all 50 states, including 450,000 jobs attributable to Apple’s spend and investment with US-based suppliers. Last year alone, Apple spent over $50 billion with more than 9,000 domestic suppliers and manufacturers. Since the inception of Gorilla Glass in 2007, the partnership between Apple and Corning has created and sustained nearly 1,000 US jobs across Corning’s R&D, manufacturing and commercial functions, including over 400 in Harrodsburg. Corning has procured enough renewable energy to cover all of its Apple manufacturing in the US.  CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple celebrates store opening at Dubai Mall Next PostNext “Today at Apple” launches worldwide Search Recent Posts iMobie PhoneRescue Now Restores Lost Data for Android Users with Highest Success Rate, Even Directly to Phones and Tablets Drilling Begins! Zion Oil & Gas Spuds Megiddo-Jezreel #1 Well Global Industrial Cartridge Valves Market Industry 2022 Forecast Report Mining Equipment -Market Demand, Growth, Opportunities and Analysis of Top Key Player Forecast To 2022 Hydraulic Bolt Tensioner Market Industry Global Size, Share, Trend & Forecast 2017-2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman “Today at Apple” launches worldwide PHOTOS May 21, 2017 Customers fill the Forum at Apple Union Square as Leon Bridges performs a special acoustic set with Brittni Jessie from his album “Coming Home.” “Today at Apple” kicked off this weekend with new in-store programming around the world, including Photo Walks and Kids Hour at all 495 Apple stores. From Getting Started with Coding to How To: Sketch, Draw and Paint with iPad, stores collectively hosted 4,000 sessions a day, including some with very special guests. Apple Union Square Customers use iPad Pro and Apple Pencil as they learn from master illustrator Todd Selby. Movement artist and star of Apple’s AirPods commercial, Lil Buck, shows off his moves in the Forum at Apple Union Square. Multiplatinum artist, songwriter and producer Charlie Puth gives an intimate performance at Apple Union Square. Leon Bridges gives a soulful “Today at Apple” performance to end the day of sessions at Apple Union Square. Apple Regent Street Dua Lipa performs an acoustic set of tracks from her upcoming album. During a Live Art session with French illustrator mcbess at Apple Regent Street attendees share their own work following his signature style—graphic illustrations without color. iPhone photographers cover two miles in 90 minutes as they seek out fashion-forward portraits with photographer Shingi Rice. Apple Williamsburg iPhone photographers hit the streets of Brooklyn for a portrait-themed Photo Walk with Timothy Mulcare. Music Lab: 18-year-old Steve Lacy earned a Grammy nomination for his work with The Internet — producing it all on his iPhone. Apple Marché Saint-Germain Aspiring coders of all ages can learn how to code in Swift, Apple’s programming language for iOS and Mac apps. Up-and-coming pop sensation, Sigrid, performs tracks off her debut “Don’t Kill My Vibe” EP at Apple Marché Saint-Germain. To find and register for a session visit www.apple.com/today. Photos of “Today at Apple” Worldwide Launch CategoriesUncategorized TagsPhotos Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple awards Corning Advanced Manufacturing Fund investment Next PostNext Apple launches app development curriculum for high school and community college students Search Recent Posts iMobie PhoneRescue Now Restores Lost Data for Android Users with Highest Success Rate, Even Directly to Phones and Tablets Drilling Begins! Zion Oil & Gas Spuds Megiddo-Jezreel #1 Well Global Industrial Cartridge Valves Market Industry 2022 Forecast Report Mining Equipment -Market Demand, Growth, Opportunities and Analysis of Top Key Player Forecast To 2022 Hydraulic Bolt Tensioner Market Industry Global Size, Share, Trend & Forecast 2017-2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple Orchard Road opens in Singapore PHOTOS May 27, 2017 The 120-foot glass facade blurs the barrier between inside and out, while 16 interior trees continue the city’s lush greenery throughout the space. Apple Orchard Road opened Saturday to thousands of customers who queued to explore Apple’s first store in Southeast Asia. Braving the equatorial heat as early as Friday night, customers were greeted by Apple’s Angela Ahrendts and the store’s 237 employees when doors opened at 10 a.m. Apple’s first store in Southeast Asia opened to customers on Saturday, May 27. Angela Ahrendts, Apple’s senior vice president of Retail, welcomes customers to Apple’s first store in Southeast Asia. The Forum is home to “Today at Apple,” new in-store programming that includes 60 free, hands-on sessions. Twin curved Castagna stone staircases are the architectural highlight of Apple Orchard Road. A unique 25-foot canopy protects Apple Orchard Road from tropical sunlight and provides shelter from the rain. Apple Stores around the world welcome over 1 million customers a day. Photos of Apple Orchard Road CategoriesUncategorized TagsPhotos Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple launches app development curriculum for high school and community college students Next PostNext Record-Breaking Holiday Season for the App Store Search Recent Posts Pier 33 Announces On-Water Boating Demonstrations Viamet Presents Phase 2b Results Demonstrating Unprecedented Efficacy of Oral VT-1161 in the Treatment of Recurrent Vulvovaginal Candidiasis New World Bank Project in Djibouti to Fund Electricity Connections for 14,000 of the Poorest Households Pieris Pharmaceuticals Announces Presentation of Clinical Data for Anemia Drug Candidate, PRS-080, at the 54th ERA-EDTA Congress UN chief strongly condemns terrorist attacks in London Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Record-Breaking Holiday Season for the App Store CUPERTINO, California — January 6, 2016 — Apple® today announced that customers around the world made this holiday season the biggest ever for the App Store®, setting new records during the weeks of Christmas and New Year’s.  In the two weeks ending January 3, customers spent over $1.1 billion on apps and in-app purchases, setting back-to-back weekly records for traffic and purchases. January 1, 2016 marked the biggest day in App Store history with customers spending over $144 million. It broke the previous single-day record set just a week earlier on Christmas Day. “The App Store had a holiday season for the record books. We are excited that our customers downloaded and enjoyed so many incredible apps for iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV, spending over $20 billion on the App Store last year alone,” said Philip Schiller, Apple’s senior vice president of Worldwide Marketing. “We’re grateful to all the developers who have created the most innovative and exciting apps in the world for our customers. We can’t wait for what’s to come in 2016.” Worldwide, the App Store has brought in nearly $40 billion for developers since 2008, with over one-third generated in the last year alone. Largely as a result of the App Store’s success, Apple is now responsible for creating and supporting 1.9 million jobs in the U.S. alone. Nearly three-quarters of those jobs — over 1.4 million — are attributable to the community of app creators, software engineers and entrepreneurs building apps for iOS, as well as non-IT jobs supported directly and indirectly through the app economy.* Apple has previously reported that the iOS app economy has created 1.2 million jobs in Europe and 1.4 million jobs in China. Gaming, Social Networking and Entertainment were among the year’s most popular App Store categories across Apple products, with customers challenging themselves to Minecraft: Pocket Edition, Trivia Crack and Heads Up!, and staying in touch with friends and family using Facebook Messenger, WeChat and Snapchat. Games and subscription apps dominated this year’s top grossing titles including Clash of Clans, Monster Strike, Game of War – Fire Age and Fantasy Westward Journey, as well as Netflix, Hulu and Match. The launch of the all-new Apple TV® and Apple Watch® have paved the way for entirely new app experiences, changing how people consume content through their television and providing useful information at a glance on Apple’s most personal device yet. Since its launch in October, the new Apple TV’s most popular apps include Rayman Adventures, Beat Sports and HBO NOW. Chart-topping apps for Apple Watch owners include fitness apps Nike+ Running and Lifesum, and iTranslate and Citymapper in the Travel category. *Job creation estimate based on research by Dr. Michael Mandel, Progressive Policy Institute. “App Economy Jobs in the United States,” January 6, 2016 Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, OS X, watchOS and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple’s 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it. Press Contacts: Lisa Israel Apple lisrael@apple.com (408) 974-2118 Colin Johnson Apple colin_johnson@apple.com (408) 974-6284   CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple Orchard Road opens in Singapore Next PostNext New Music Apps from Apple Transform iOS Devices into Handheld Studios for Songwriters &amp; Beatmakers Search Recent Posts iMobie PhoneRescue Now Restores Lost Data for Android Users with Highest Success Rate, Even Directly to Phones and Tablets Drilling Begins! Zion Oil & Gas Spuds Megiddo-Jezreel #1 Well Global Industrial Cartridge Valves Market Industry 2022 Forecast Report Mining Equipment -Market Demand, Growth, Opportunities and Analysis of Top Key Player Forecast To 2022 Hydraulic Bolt Tensioner Market Industry Global Size, Share, Trend & Forecast 2017-2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple Opening Europe’s First iOS App Development Center in Italy ROME — January 21, 2016 — Apple® today announced the creation of Europe’s first iOS App Development Center in Italy, to give students practical skills and training on developing iOS apps for the world’s most innovative and vibrant app ecosystem. The iOS App Development Center, to be located at a partner institution in Naples, will support teachers and provide a specialized curriculum preparing thousands of future developers to be part of Apple’s thriving developer community. In addition, Apple will work with partners around Italy who deliver developer training to complement this curriculum and create additional opportunities for students. Apple expects to expand this program to other countries around the world. “Europe is home to some of the most creative developers in the world and we’re thrilled to be helping the next generation of entrepreneurs in Italy get the skills they need for success,” said Tim Cook, Apple’s CEO. “The phenomenal success of the App Store is one of the driving forces behind the more than 1.4 million jobs Apple has created in Europe and presents unlimited opportunities for people of all ages and businesses of all sizes across the continent.” Apple is a powerful engine of growth across Europe and the company’s ecosystem now supports more than 1.4 million jobs, including 1.2 million attributable to the community of app creators, software engineers and entrepreneurs building apps for iOS, as well as non-IT jobs supported directly and indirectly through the app economy.* The unprecedented growth of the App Store® has helped developers in Europe earn over €10.2 billion from selling their apps around the world. In Italy, over 75,000 jobs are attributable to the App Store and the developer community is vibrant. IK Multimedia launched its first app in 2009 and since then has had over 25 million downloads. Musement, launched in 2013, is now available in seven languages and 300 cities across 50 countries, making it easy for people to book travel and excursions on the go. Roberto Macina, CEO and founder of Qurami, said: “Apple’s continued innovation inspires us to create the best mobile experiences and make our customers’ lives just a little bit easier. Apple’s app ecosystem is the anchor for our business, and developing across Apple’s operating systems has enabled us to easily and quickly bring the Qurami experience to iPhone, iPad and Apple Watch users.” Thousands of companies are expanding because of their work with Apple, which supports hundreds of thousands of jobs in communities large and small across Europe. Milan-based Laboratorio Elettrofisico makes some of the most sophisticated magnetization equipment in the world and their technology enables some of the industry-leading magnetic features found in Apple products. Apple also works with Europe’s leading manufacturers of Micro-Electro-Mechanical Systems, which create tiny components that power some of the incredible sensor and audio technologies found in iOS devices. *Job creation estimate based on research by Dr. Michael Mandel, Progressive Policy Institute. “App Economy Jobs in Europe,” January 21, 2016. Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, OS X, watchOS and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple’s 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it. Press Contacts: Alan Hely Apple alanhely@apple.com +44 207 184 1193 Rob Saunders Apple rob_saunders@apple.com +44 207 184 1414   CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious New Music Apps from Apple Transform iOS Devices into Handheld Studios for Songwriters &amp; Beatmakers Next PostNext Apple Advances Health Apps with CareKit Search Recent Posts Wonder Woman In 3D Crushed The Box Office With Approximately 43% Of Estimated $223 Million Worldwide In 3D Ticket Sales CAIR-Columbus to Seek Hate Crime Probe, Arrest of Suspect Following Beating of Ohio Muslim Woman Halozyme Phase 2 Data In Advanced Pancreas Cancer Featured In An Oral Presentation At ASCO Foreign Language Courses to Begin: Chinese, German, Japanese, Tagalog Saori Erickson Senior Recital Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman FY 16 First Quarter Results Conference Call WHAT: Apple® FY 16 First Quarter Results Conference Call WHERE: Via conference call. The dial-in numbers for press are (877) 616-0071 (toll-free) or (816) 581-1577. Please enter confirmation code 482343. WHEN: Tuesday, January 26, 2016 at 2:00 p.m. PST/5:00 p.m. EST REBROADCAST: The conference call will be available as a continuous rebroadcast beginning Tuesday, January 26 at 5:00 p.m. PST/8:00 p.m. EST through Tuesday, February 9 at 5:00 p.m. PST/8:00 p.m. EST. The dial-in numbers for the rebroadcast are (888) 203-1112 (toll-free) or (719) 457-0820. Please enter confirmation code 7349088. WEBCAST: Apple will provide live audio streaming of its FY 16 First Quarter Results Conference Call using Apple’s HTTP Live Streaming (HLS) technology. The live webcast will begin at 2:00 p.m. PST on January 26, 2016 at www.apple.com/investor/earnings-call/ and will also be available for replay for approximately two weeks thereafter. Live audio streaming requires an iPhone®, iPad® or iPod touch® with Safari® on iOS 7.0 or later, a Mac® with Safari 6.0.5 or later on OS X® v10.8.5 or later or a PC with Microsoft Edge on Windows 10. This recording is the property of Apple and protected by US copyright law and international treaties. Any reproduction or distribution is strictly prohibited without prior written approval from Apple. Please contact Apple Public Relations or Investor Relations with any questions. Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, OS X, watchOS and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple’s 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it. Press Contact: Kristin Huguet Apple khuguet@apple.com (408) 974-2414   CategoriesUncategorized TagsMEDIA ALERT Post navigation Previous PostPrevious New Music Apps from Apple Transform iOS Devices into Handheld Studios for Songwriters &amp; Beatmakers Next PostNext Apple Advances Health Apps with CareKit Search Recent Posts iMobie PhoneRescue Now Restores Lost Data for Android Users with Highest Success Rate, Even Directly to Phones and Tablets Drilling Begins! Zion Oil & Gas Spuds Megiddo-Jezreel #1 Well Global Industrial Cartridge Valves Market Industry 2022 Forecast Report Mining Equipment -Market Demand, Growth, Opportunities and Analysis of Top Key Player Forecast To 2022 Hydraulic Bolt Tensioner Market Industry Global Size, Share, Trend & Forecast 2017-2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Important Notice for Certain AC Wall Plug Adapters &amp; World Travel Adapter Kit Customers CUPERTINO, California — January 28, 2016 — Apple® today announced a voluntary recall of AC wall plug adapters designed for use in Argentina, Australia, Brazil, Continental Europe, New Zealand and South Korea. In very rare cases, affected Apple two-prong wall plug adapters may break and create a risk of electrical shock if touched. These wall plug adapters shipped with Mac® and certain iOS devices between 2003 and 2015 and were also included in the Apple World Travel Adapter Kit. Apple is aware of 12 incidents worldwide. The recall does not affect any other Apple AC wall plug adapters designed for Canada, China, Hong Kong, Japan, United Kingdom, United States or any Apple USB power adapters.   Because customer safety is the company’s top priority, Apple is asking customers to stop using affected plug adapters. Customers should visit www.apple.com/support/ac-wallplug-adapter for details about how to exchange the affected adapters for new, redesigned ones.   An affected two-prong plug adapter has either four or five characters or no characters on the inside slot where it attaches to the main Apple power adapter. Visit the program website for more details on how to identify an affected adapter. Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, OS X, watchOS and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple’s 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it. Press Contacts: Colin Smith Apple colins@apple.com (408) 862-1171 Starlayne Meza Apple starlayne@apple.com (408) 974-3391   CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious FY 16 First Quarter Results Conference Call Next PostNext Apple Announces Advancements to ResearchKit Search Recent Posts iMobie PhoneRescue Now Restores Lost Data for Android Users with Highest Success Rate, Even Directly to Phones and Tablets Drilling Begins! Zion Oil & Gas Spuds Megiddo-Jezreel #1 Well Global Industrial Cartridge Valves Market Industry 2022 Forecast Report Mining Equipment -Market Demand, Growth, Opportunities and Analysis of Top Key Player Forecast To 2022 Hydraulic Bolt Tensioner Market Industry Global Size, Share, Trend & Forecast 2017-2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple Introduces 9.7-inch iPad Pro CUPERTINO, California — March 21, 2016 — Apple® today introduced the all-new 9.7-inch iPad Pro™— at just under one pound it features a new pro Retina® display with greater brightness, wider color gamut, lower reflectivity, Night Shift™ mode and introduces new True Tone® display technology to dynamically adjust white balance. The new iPad Pro delivers incredible performance with the 64-bit A9X chip that rivals most portable PCs, along with a four-speaker audio system that is twice as powerful,¹ new 12-megapixel iSight® camera for shooting Live Photos™ and 4K video, 5-megapixel FaceTime® HD camera, and faster wireless technologies. And iPad Pro includes support for the breakthrough Apple Pencil™ and a new Smart Keyboard™ cover designed to fit the new 9.7-inch iPad Pro. “iPad Pro is a new generation of iPad that is indispensable and immersive, enabling people to be more productive and more creative. It’s incredibly fast, extremely portable, and completely natural to use with your fingers, Apple Pencil and Smart Keyboard. And now it comes in two sizes,” said Philip Schiller, Apple’s senior vice president of Worldwide Marketing. “The 9.7-inch iPad Pro has a new Retina display with True Tone technology, four-speaker audio system, blazing fast A9X chip, 12-megapixel iSight camera, 5-megapixel FaceTime HD camera, faster wireless, and support for Apple Pencil and Smart Keyboard. It is the ultimate upgrade for existing iPad users and replacement for PC users.” Designers, illustrators and businesses have quickly adopted iPad Pro and it’s changing the way they work: “People don’t realize how much hand drawing is needed to produce computer animation,” said John Lasseter, Chief Creative Officer, Pixar and Walt Disney Animation Studios. “iPad Pro and Apple Pencil are the closest we’ve ever been able to get in the digital world to actually drawing on paper.” “I’ve done everything including designing the latest cycling collection on iPad Pro,” said Alex Valdman, Head of Design for Rapha. “It goes with me everywhere, and has not only replaced my laptop, but my paper notebook as well. For the Rapha design team, iPad Pro will become standard issue.” “At Citi, iPad Pro is truly transforming how we work,” said Stephen Gates, U.S. Head of Design for Citi Global Consumer Banking. “iPad Pro and Apple Pencil have played a huge part in the new Citi Design team’s work to create new innovative customer experiences. We use iPad Pro for sketching out new design concepts, presenting our work, answering our emails, working with our design files on Adobe Creative Cloud and participating in FaceTime meetings with our other design teams all over the world.” Pro display The 9.7-inch iPad Pro features advanced display technologies, including a True Tone display, which uses new four-channel sensors to dynamically adjust the white balance of the display to match the light around you for a more natural and accurate, paper-white viewing experience. The advanced Retina display is 25 percent brighter and 40 percent less reflective than iPad Air® 2, making content even easier to see indoors and out. It uses the same wider color gamut as the iMac® with Retina 5K display, delivering 25 percent greater color saturation¹ for more vivid colors. A custom timing controller, photo alignment and oxide TFT deliver incredible color, contrast and clarity. Night Shift in iOS 9.3 uses iPad Pro’s clock and geolocation to automatically adjust the colors in the display to the warmer end of the spectrum after dark and may even help you get a better night’s sleep. Pro performance The new iPad Pro is just 6.1mm thin and weighs just under one pound, yet delivers groundbreaking performance, connectivity and versatility so you can tackle the most demanding tasks wherever you go. The powerful A9X chip with third-generation 64-bit architecture provides performance that rivals many laptops and console-class graphics, while also delivering all-day battery life.² Ultrafast wireless connectivity keeps you connected wherever you go with 802.11ac Wi-Fi with MIMO technology, support for even faster LTE Advanced with up to 50 percent faster cellular connectivity³ and the most LTE bands supported by any tablet.⁴ Now with Apple SIM embedded directly in the new iPad Pro, it’s even easier to connect to wireless data plans right from your device when traveling in more than 100 countries and territories.5 iPad Pro has an advanced 12-megapixel iSight camera sensor featuring Focus Pixels for fast focusing, an Apple-designed image signal processor, advanced noise reduction, third-generation local tone mapping and better face detection, all resulting in sharp, detailed images, 63-megapixel panoramas and Live Photos. A True Tone flash improves low light shots and document scanning. The new iSight camera shoots 4K video, making the new iPad Pro the perfect device to shoot, edit and share pro-quality video. The improved 5-megapixel, front-facing FaceTime HD camera makes the new iPad Pro perfect for videoconferencing or connecting with loved ones. Pro audio The four-speaker audio system provides powerful, clear and rich stereo sound for more than twice the audio output.¹ Built-in sensors automatically adjust and optimize the audio no matter which way you’re using it. iOS 9.3 also adds support for playing video encoded with Dolby Digital Plus audio streams with support for multichannel output using the Apple Lightning® Digital AV Adapter. Pro accessories Apple Pencil and Smart Keyboard, available for purchase separately, bring breakthrough levels of precision and utility to iPad Pro. Advanced sensors in Apple Pencil measure both pressure and tilt for a natural drawing, annotating and note-taking experience. A new Smart Keyboard is custom-designed for the 9.7-inch iPad Pro, offering a thin yet durable keyboard that never needs to be charged or paired over Bluetooth and is easily foldable into a protective Smart Cover®. The new Lightning to SD Card Camera Reader and Lightning to USB 3 Camera Adapter make it easy to download photos and videos from a digital camera to iPad Pro, while a new Lightning to USB-C Cable and Apple’s 29W USB-C Power Adapter enable faster charging. Pricing & Availability The 9.7-inch iPad Pro comes in silver, space gray, gold and a new rose gold metallic finish, and starts at $599 (US) for the 32GB with Wi-Fi model and $729 (US) for the 32GB Wi-Fi + Cellular model. Both iPad Pro sizes are available in offerings of 32GB, 128GB and a new 256GB capacity, the highest of any iOS device. For more information, please visit www.apple.com/ipad.  The 9.7-inch iPad Pro will be available to order beginning Thursday, March 24, from Apple.com, and in Apple’s retail stores, through select carriers and Apple Authorized Resellers on Thursday, March 31, in Australia, Canada, China (Wi-Fi models only), France, Germany, Hong Kong, Japan, New Zealand, Puerto Rico, Singapore, the UK, US Virgin Islands and the US.  The 9.7-inch iPad Pro will be available in early April in Albania, Anguilla, Antigua and Barbuda, Austria, Belgium, Bosnia, Bulgaria, Cayman Islands, Croatia, Czech Republic, Denmark, El Salvador, Estonia, Finland, Greece, Greenland, Guam, Guatemala, Hungary, Iceland, India, Ireland, Isle of Man, Italy, Kosovo, Latvia, Lichtenstein, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Macedonia, Macau (Wi-Fi models only), Monaco, Montenegro, Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Russia, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Thailand (Wi-Fi models only), Turkey and UAE. Apple Pencil is available for $99 (US) and Smart Keyboard in charcoal gray for $149 (US). The Polyurethane iPad Pro Smart Cover and Silicone Cases for the 9.7-inch iPad Pro are available for $49 (US) and $69 (US), respectively, in a range of new vibrant colors. The Lightning to SD Card Camera Reader is available for $29 (US), Lightning to USB 3 Camera Adapter for $39 (US), Apple 29W USB-C Power Adapter for $49 (US), Lightning to USB-C Cable (1 m.) for $25 (US) and Lightning to USB-C Cable (2 m.) for $35 (US). Every customer who buys an iPad Pro from Apple will be offered free Personal Setup, in-store or online, to help them customize their iPad Pro by setting up email, showing them new apps from the App Store® and more. Anyone who wants to learn more about the new iPad Pro or iOS 9 can register for the free workshops offered at every Apple Store®.  ¹Over iPad Air 2.  ²Battery life depends on device settings, usage and other factors. Actual results may vary. ³Based on theoretical speeds, actual speeds may vary. ⁴Data plan required. LTE is available in select markets and through select carriers. Speeds vary based on site conditions. For details on LTE support, contact your carrier and see www.apple.com/ipad/LTE. 5Embedded Apple SIM in iPad Pro (9.7-inch) may be disabled when purchased from some carriers. See your carrier for details. Apple SIM and embedded Apple SIM not available in China. Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, OS X, watchOS and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple’s 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it. Additional Content: Press Contacts: Ryan James Apple ryanj@apple.com (408) 862-5585 Andy Bowman Apple abowman@apple.com (408) 783-0619   CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple Announces Advancements to ResearchKit Next PostNext Apple’s Worldwide Developers Conference Kicks Off June 13 in San Francisco Search Recent Posts iMobie PhoneRescue Now Restores Lost Data for Android Users with Highest Success Rate, Even Directly to Phones and Tablets Drilling Begins! Zion Oil & Gas Spuds Megiddo-Jezreel #1 Well Global Industrial Cartridge Valves Market Industry 2022 Forecast Report Mining Equipment -Market Demand, Growth, Opportunities and Analysis of Top Key Player Forecast To 2022 Hydraulic Bolt Tensioner Market Industry Global Size, Share, Trend & Forecast 2017-2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple Introduces iPhone SE — The Most Powerful Phone with a Four-inch Display CUPERTINO, California — March 21, 2016 — Apple® today introduced iPhone® SE, the most powerful phone with a four-inch display, in a beloved compact aluminum design that has been updated with matte-chamfered edges, a color-matched stainless steel Apple logo, and four gorgeous metallic finishes, including rose gold. iPhone SE offers exceptional performance with the same 64-bit A9 chip offered in iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus for blazing fast speeds, longer battery life, faster wireless, a 12-megapixel iSight® camera featuring Live Photos™ and 4K video, and Touch ID® with Apple Pay®. “iPhone SE is an exciting new idea — we started with a beloved, iconic design and reinvented it from the inside out. The result is the most beautiful and powerful phone with a four-inch display in the world,” said Philip Schiller, Apple’s senior vice president of Worldwide Marketing. “iPhone SE is packed with a stunning four-inch Retina display, advanced 64-bit A9 chip with M9 motion co-processor, longer battery life, 12-megapixel iSight camera with True Tone flash, Live Photos, 4K video, faster LTE and Wi-Fi, and Touch ID with Apple Pay. Everyone who wants a smaller phone is going to love iPhone SE.” The Most Powerful Phone with a Four-inch Display iPhone SE takes a beloved iPhone design and reinvents it from the inside out, giving customers a powerful, full-featured iPhone no matter which model they choose. The 64-bit A9 chip, introduced in iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus, offers iPhone SE customers two times faster CPU and three times faster GPU performance compared to iPhone 5s, all with gains in energy efficiency for improved battery life. M9, Apple’s next-generation motion coprocessor, is integrated into A9 allowing more features to run all the time at lower power, including “Hey Siri” without having to pick up your iPhone, and a range of fitness tracking capabilities like measuring your steps and distance. iPhone SE users can browse, download and stream content even faster with Wi-Fi up to three times and LTE up to 50 percent faster than iPhone 5s.* iPhone SE also includes more LTE bands for better worldwide roaming and supports Voice over LTE and Wi-Fi calling for high-quality wideband calls. With an easy-to-use interface, amazing features, and security at its core, iOS 9 is the foundation of iPhone SE and brings powerful built-in apps like Messages, FaceTime®, Photos, Music and Maps to iPhone users. iOS 9 also brings more intelligence to iPhone SE with proactive assistance, powerful search, improved Siri® features, and a new Night Shift™ feature that uses your iPhone SE’s clock and geolocation to automatically adjust the colors in the display to the warmer end of the spectrum after dark and may even help you get a better night’s sleep. All of these innovations are packed into a light and compact phone designed to fit comfortably in your hand, crafted from bead-blasted aluminum for a satin-like finish, refined matte-chamfered edges, a new color-matched stainless steel inset Apple logo and a brilliant four-inch Retina® display. The World’s Most Popular Camera iPhone SE has an advanced 12-megapixel iSight camera featuring Focus Pixel technology for fast focusing, an Apple-designed image signal processor, advanced noise reduction, third-generation local tone mapping and better face detection, all resulting in sharper, more detailed photos like the ones shot on iPhone 6s. With Live Photos on iPhone SE, customers can go beyond snapshots to capture moments in motion and relive unforgettable memories with sound. Live Photos are beautiful 12-megapixel photos that, with just a touch, reveal the moments immediately before and after the shot was taken, so users can enjoy a living memory rather than an instant frozen in time. Additional camera advancements include: The ability to shoot HD video with support for 4K at a resolution of 3840 x 2160. After capturing 4K video, customers can edit on a Mac®, PC or iPad®, and with the latest version of iMovie® on iPhone, can even edit two simultaneous streams of 4K on iPhone SE. Retina Flash, which momentarily makes the display three times brighter with True Tone® lighting technology, for wonderfully bright selfies in low light with the FaceTime HD camera. Features introduced with iPhone 6s, including up to 63-megapixel panorama photos, video capture up to 60fps for 1080p video and 240fps for slo-mo, time-lapse with video stabilization and cinematic video stabilization. Pricing & Availability iPhone SE will be available in space gray, silver, gold and rose gold metallic finishes in 16GB and 64GB models starting at $399 (US) from Apple’s retail stores, Apple.com, Apple Authorized Resellers and select carriers, or for 24 monthly payments starting at $17 (US) exclusively at Apple’s retail stores in the US.** As part of the newly-announced Trade Up with Installments program at Apple stores in the US, customers can also purchase iPhone SE for as low as $10/month for 24 months.*** Customers in Australia, Canada, China, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Japan, New Zealand, Puerto Rico, Singapore, the UK, US Virgin Islands and the US will be able to order iPhone SE beginning Thursday, March 24, with availability beginning Thursday, March 31. iPhone SE will be available in early April in Albania, Andorra, Austria, Bahrain, Belgium, Bosnia, Bulgaria, Croatia, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, Greece, Guernsey, Jersey, Hungary, Iceland, India, Ireland, Isle of Man, Italy, Kosovo, Kuwait, Latvia, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Macedonia, Maldives, Malta, Monaco, Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Taiwan, Turkey and UAE. Apple-designed accessories including leather cases in black and midnight blue will be available for $39 (US), and Lightning® Docks in color-matched metallic finishes are currently available from Apple’s retail stores and Apple.com for $49 (US). Every customer who buys iPhone SE from Apple will be offered free Personal Setup, in-store or online, to help them customize their iPhone by setting up email, showing them new apps from the App Store® and more. Anyone who wants to learn more about iPhone SE or iOS 9 can register for the free workshops offered at every Apple Store®.  * Data plan required. LTE is available in select markets and through select carriers. Speeds vary based on site conditions and carrier. For details on LTE support, contact your carrier and see www.apple.com/iphone/LTE. ** Prices are rounded to nearest dollar and are based on 24 monthly installment payments. Qualified customers only with eligible credit card. Two-year loan required. First installment payment, full taxes and activation fees may be due at sale. Carrier terms and other terms and eligibility may apply. *** Prices are rounded to nearest dollar and are based on 24 monthly installment payments. Requires trade-in of iPhone 5s in full working condition. Trade-in values and monthly pricing for devices will vary based on the condition and model of your smartphone trade-in. Trade Up with Installments is only available to qualified US customers with eligible credit card. Two-year loan required. First installment payment and full taxes due at sale. Full terms apply. Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, OS X, watchOS and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple’s 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it. Additional Content: • Images • Video Press Contacts: Alex Kirschner Apple alexkirschner@apple.com (408) 974-2479 Teresa Brewer Apple tbrewer@apple.com (408) 974-6851 CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple Announces Advancements to ResearchKit Next PostNext Apple’s Worldwide Developers Conference Kicks Off June 13 in San Francisco Search Recent Posts iMobie PhoneRescue Now Restores Lost Data for Android Users with Highest Success Rate, Even Directly to Phones and Tablets Drilling Begins! Zion Oil & Gas Spuds Megiddo-Jezreel #1 Well Global Industrial Cartridge Valves Market Industry 2022 Forecast Report Mining Equipment -Market Demand, Growth, Opportunities and Analysis of Top Key Player Forecast To 2022 Hydraulic Bolt Tensioner Market Industry Global Size, Share, Trend & Forecast 2017-2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple’s Worldwide Developers Conference Kicks Off June 13 in San Francisco CUPERTINO, California — April 18, 2016 — Apple® today announced that it will hold its 27th annual Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC), hosting the creative talent behind the world’s most innovative apps, from June 13 through 17 in San Francisco. At WWDC, Apple’s developer community comes together from all corners of the globe to learn about the future of Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, OS X®, watchOS® and tvOS™. Monday’s kickoff events, including the keynote address, will be held at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium. The rest of the week’s conference sessions will take place at Moscone West.  “With four innovative operating systems and a new, intuitive programming language powering over 1 billion devices worldwide, there has never been a more exciting time to bring our developer community together,” said Philip Schiller, Apple’s senior vice president of Worldwide Marketing. “WWDC 2016 is going to be a landmark event for developers who are coding in Swift, and building apps and products for iOS, OS X, watchOS and tvOS. We can’t wait for everyone to join us — in San Francisco or through the live stream.” Developers can apply for tickets via the WWDC website (developer.apple.com/wwdc/register/) now through Friday, April 22 at 10:00 a.m. PDT. Tickets will be issued to attendees through a random selection process, and developers will be notified on the status of their application by Monday, April 25 at 5:00 p.m. PDT. For the second consecutive year, there will be up to 350 WWDC Scholarships available, giving students and STEM organization members from around the world an opportunity to earn a ticket to meet and collaborate with some of the most talented developers of Apple’s ever-growing app ecosystem (developer.apple.com/wwdc/scholarships/). Additionally, this year, we will provide travel assistance to up to 125 scholarship recipients to ensure aspiring developers with financial limitations have an opportunity to participate.  WWDC 2016 activities include: over 1,000 Apple engineers supporting more than 150 hands-on labs and events to provide developers with code-level assistance, insight into optimal development techniques and guidance on how they can make the most of iOS, OS X, watchOS and tvOS technologies in their apps; access to the latest innovations, features and capabilities of iOS, OS X, watchOS and tvOS, and best practices for enhancing an app’s functionality, performance, quality and design; the opportunity to connect with thousands of fellow iOS, OS X, watchOS and tvOS developers from around the world — last year, 80 percent of developers attended for their first time, and in total, more than 70 countries were represented;  a series of get-togethers for attendees focused on particular topics with special guest speakers and activities; engaging and inspirational lunchtime sessions with trailblazers and influencers from the worlds of technology, science and entertainment; and the Apple Design Awards which recognize iPhone®, iPad®, Apple Watch®, Apple TV® and Mac® apps that demonstrate technical excellence, innovation and outstanding design. Worldwide Developers Conference sessions will be streamed live throughout the week via the WWDC website (developer.apple.com/wwdc/live/) and through the WWDC app, giving developers around the world access to the week’s news and events. Visit the Apple Worldwide Developers Conference 2016 website (developer.apple.com/wwdc/register/) to apply for a ticket, as well as for updates and more information. Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, OS X, watchOS and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple’s 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it. Press Contacts: Lisa Israel  Apple lisrael@apple.com (408) 974-2118 Christine Monaghan  Apple cmonaghan@apple.com (408) 974-8850 CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple Introduces iPhone SE — The Most Powerful Phone with a Four-inch Display Next PostNext FY 16 Second Quarter Results Conference Call Search Recent Posts iMobie PhoneRescue Now Restores Lost Data for Android Users with Highest Success Rate, Even Directly to Phones and Tablets Drilling Begins! Zion Oil & Gas Spuds Megiddo-Jezreel #1 Well Global Industrial Cartridge Valves Market Industry 2022 Forecast Report Mining Equipment -Market Demand, Growth, Opportunities and Analysis of Top Key Player Forecast To 2022 Hydraulic Bolt Tensioner Market Industry Global Size, Share, Trend & Forecast 2017-2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman FY 16 Second Quarter Results Conference Call WHAT: Apple® FY 16 Second Quarter Results Conference Call WHERE: Via conference call. The dial-in numbers for press are (877) 616-0071 (toll-free) or (816) 581-1577. Please enter confirmation code 988724. WHEN: Tuesday, April 26, 2016, 2:00 p.m. PDT/5:00 p.m. EDT REBROADCAST: The conference call will be available as a continuous rebroadcast beginning Tuesday, April 26 at 5:00 p.m. PDT/8:00 p.m. EDT through Tuesday, May 10 at 5:00 p.m. PDT/8:00 p.m. EDT. The dial-in numbers for the rebroadcast are (888) 203-1112 (toll-free) or (719) 457-0820. Please enter confirmation code 7495552. WEBCAST: Apple will provide live audio streaming of its FY 16 Second Quarter Results Conference Call using Apple’s HTTP Live Streaming (HLS) technology. The live webcast will begin at 2:00 p.m. PDT on April 26, 2016 at www.apple.com/investor/earnings-call/ and will also be available for replay for approximately two weeks thereafter. Live audio streaming requires an iPhone®, iPad® or iPod touch® with Safari® on iOS 7.0 or later, a Mac® with Safari 6.0.5 or later on OS X® v10.8.5 or later, or a PC with Microsoft Edge on Windows 10. This recording is the property of Apple and protected by US copyright law and international treaties. Any reproduction or distribution is strictly prohibited without prior written approval from Apple. Please contact Apple Public Relations or Investor Relations with any questions. Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, OS X, watchOS and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple’s 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it. Press Contact: Kristin Huguet Apple khuguet@apple.com (408) 974-2414 CategoriesUncategorized TagsMEDIA ALERT Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple Updates MacBook with Latest Processors, Longer Battery Life &amp; New Rose Gold Finish Next PostNext Apple Celebrates Chinese Music with GarageBand Update Search Recent Posts iMobie PhoneRescue Now Restores Lost Data for Android Users with Highest Success Rate, Even Directly to Phones and Tablets Drilling Begins! Zion Oil & Gas Spuds Megiddo-Jezreel #1 Well Global Industrial Cartridge Valves Market Industry 2022 Forecast Report Mining Equipment -Market Demand, Growth, Opportunities and Analysis of Top Key Player Forecast To 2022 Hydraulic Bolt Tensioner Market Industry Global Size, Share, Trend & Forecast 2017-2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple Celebrates Chinese Music with GarageBand Update BEIJING — May 17, 2016 — Apple® today announced an update to GarageBand® that celebrates the rich history of Chinese music with new instruments and extensive Chinese language localization throughout the app. Building on GarageBand’s extensive collection of sounds, this update adds traditional Chinese instruments — the pipa, erhu and Chinese percussion — along with 300 Apple-created Chinese musical loops, giving users the power to tap into their creativity and make beautiful Chinese-inspired music right on their iOS device or Mac®. GarageBand for iOS users also get two new Chinese templates for Live Loops, and new sharing options to popular Chinese social networks, so they can easily share their music creations with friends and followers across QQ and Youku.  “GarageBand is the most popular music creation app in the world and we’re excited to introduce these new features that incorporate the rich history of traditional Chinese music,” said Susan Prescott, Apple’s vice president of Product Marketing. “By adding classic Chinese instruments and new Live Loop templates, the new GarageBand app makes it fun and easy to make Chinese-inspired music right on your iPhone, iPad or Mac.” “As a musician I’m always looking for ways to take my music in new directions and GarageBand has been such a great tool for me to experiment and add new elements to my songs on-the-go,” said award-winning music artist JJ Lin. “I love how the latest update to GarageBand adds traditional Chinese instruments along with brand new loops so I can play around with mixing traditional and modern sounds to create completely new styles.” The pipa, erhu and Chinese percussion instruments in GarageBand can be played on iPhone® or iPad® using Multi-Touch™, and on Mac through the built-in Musical Typing feature or by connecting a third-party USB music keyboard. Each instrument includes different playing articulations, including rapid picking and note bend for pipa, and trill, grace note and glissando for erhu, making it incredibly easy for a novice to create a realistic and expressive performance. iPhone users can also use 3D Touch™ with the erhu and pipa to dynamically control vibrato and intensity, and both the pipa and erhu include Autoplay, letting users tap on any chord and get a complete, rich performance. Users can also play a collection of Chinese percussion instruments including drums, wood blocks, cymbals and gongs. This update adds 300 Apple-created loops from a variety of instruments and styles, including guzheng, dizi, yangqin and Peking Opera, to the library of Chinese musical content in the app. These loops can be mixed and matched with Chinese instruments in GarageBand to create traditional music or entirely new styles. GarageBand for iOS also supports Live Loops, a new and intuitive way to create music by simply tapping cells and columns in a highly visual grid to trigger different looped instruments and samples. And, Live Loops in this update adds two new Chinese Live Loops grid templates, one traditional and one modern, showcasing a variety of Chinese instruments and percussion that are all playable via the Live Loops grid.  Chinese localization is also significantly enhanced across the entire app, with all sounds, loops and instruments now translated to Simplified Chinese or Traditional Chinese. Pricing & Availability  Today’s GarageBand 2.1.1 for iOS and GarageBand 10.1.2 for Mac updates are free for all existing users, and GarageBand is available for free with all new iOS and Mac devices. Customers with older, non-qualifying devices can purchase the app for $4.99 via the App Store® and Mac App Store. Users in Greater China will see these new features by default on iOS and OS X® after updating. Outside of Greater China, these new features are visible by default on OS X and can be enabled on iOS devices in the advanced settings menu. For more information about GarageBand for iOS, visit www.apple.com/ios/garageband and for more information about GarageBand for Mac, visit www.apple.com/mac/garageband. Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, OS X, watchOS and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple’s 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it. Press Contacts: Colin Smith Apple colins@apple.com (408) 862-1171 Starlayne Meza Apple starlayne@apple.com (408) 974-3391 CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple &amp; SAP Partner to Revolutionize Work on iPhone &amp; iPad Next PostNext Apple Announces New iOS App Design and Development Accelerator in Bengaluru Search Recent Posts iMobie PhoneRescue Now Restores Lost Data for Android Users with Highest Success Rate, Even Directly to Phones and Tablets Drilling Begins! Zion Oil & Gas Spuds Megiddo-Jezreel #1 Well Global Industrial Cartridge Valves Market Industry 2022 Forecast Report Mining Equipment -Market Demand, Growth, Opportunities and Analysis of Top Key Player Forecast To 2022 Hydraulic Bolt Tensioner Market Industry Global Size, Share, Trend & Forecast 2017-2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple Announces New iOS App Design and Development Accelerator in Bengaluru MUMBAI, India — May 18, 2016 — Apple® today announced a new initiative to support engineering talent and accelerate growth in India’s iOS developer community. The company will establish a Design and Development Accelerator in Bengaluru, the home of India’s startup scene. Tens of thousands of developers in India make apps for iOS, the world’s most powerful mobile operating system and the foundation for iPhone®, iPad® and iPod touch®. This initiative will provide additional, specialized support for them. Apple’s team will work to inspire and instruct developers on best practices, help them hone their skills and transform the design, quality and performance of their apps on the iOS platform. “India is home to one of the most vibrant and entrepreneurial iOS development communities in the world,” said Tim Cook, Apple’s CEO. “With the opening of this new facility in Bengaluru, we’re giving developers access to tools which will help them create innovative apps for customers around the world.” Each week, Apple experts will lead briefings and provide one-on-one app reviews for developers. The facility will also provide support and guidance on Swift™, Apple’s powerful and intuitive programming language created to build apps for iOS, Mac®, Apple TV® and Apple Watch®. Swift enables developers to write safer, more reliable code, save time and create richer app experiences. A recent report by developer placement firm Toptal shows jobs requesting Swift rose 600 percent in 2015. Bengaluru is now home to more technology startups than any other part of India. Over one million people in the city work in the tech sector, and over 40 percent of graduates from local universities specialize in engineering or information technology. “This is a huge vote of confidence in India’s developer community and a tremendous opportunity to gain world-class design and development expertise,” said Zomato CEO Deepinder Goyal. “Apple’s support will help drive growth and accelerate progress among the country’s vast talent pool.” “We have worked closely with Apple to transform the Snapdeal app and offer our users the best possible experience,” said Snapdeal co-founder and CEO Kunal Bahl. “Apple’s expert guidance on the interface and user experience has helped us build an app that our consumers love. We are thrilled Apple will have a local presence which will amplify our efforts to develop more high-quality apps for our digital commerce ecosystem.” “Apple’s investment in Bengaluru through its iOS Development Accelerator will have far-reaching effects for the area’s rapidly growing and highly talented developer community,” said NASSCOM President R Chandrashekhar. “The skills and training they gain through this effort will significantly improve their app design and help them reach a broader market. Initiatives like these move the country forward in our efforts to advance a growth-led and sustainable technology sector.” The iOS App Design and Development Accelerator is expected to open in early 2017. Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, OS X, watchOS and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple’s 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it. Press Contacts: Katrina Tran Apple katrina_tran@apple.com +65 6480 4793 Anand Baskaran Apple abaskaran@apple.com +91 98450 28508   CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple Celebrates Chinese Music with GarageBand Update Next PostNext Apple Union Square Highlights New Design Elements, Community Programs Search Recent Posts iMobie PhoneRescue Now Restores Lost Data for Android Users with Highest Success Rate, Even Directly to Phones and Tablets Drilling Begins! Zion Oil & Gas Spuds Megiddo-Jezreel #1 Well Global Industrial Cartridge Valves Market Industry 2022 Forecast Report Mining Equipment -Market Demand, Growth, Opportunities and Analysis of Top Key Player Forecast To 2022 Hydraulic Bolt Tensioner Market Industry Global Size, Share, Trend & Forecast 2017-2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple Opens Development Office in Hyderabad HYDERABAD, India — May 19, 2016 — Apple® today announced the opening of a new office in Hyderabad that will focus on development of Maps for Apple products, including iPhone®, iPad®, Mac® and Apple Watch®. This investment will accelerate Maps development and create up to 4,000 jobs. “Apple is focused on making the best products and services in the world and we are thrilled to open this new office in Hyderabad which will focus on Maps development,” said Tim Cook, Apple’s CEO. “The talent here in the local area is incredible and we are looking forward to expanding our relationships and introducing more universities and partners to our platforms as we scale our operations.” Apple has been continually updating and adding new features to Maps, including 3D views, the Flyover® feature and tools to help customers find convenient places to shop, eat and explore nearby areas. With iOS 9 Apple added Transit, offering a combination of trains, subways, buses and walking, which is already available for more than 300 cities around the world. The new facility, located on the Waverock campus, will provide a world-class, LEED-certified home for the expanding Maps team. “We are honored Apple chose Hyderabad as a home for its Maps development office,” said Telangana Chief Minister Kalvakuntla Chandrashekar Rao. “This will create thousands of jobs here and is a testament to our proactive approach, quality infrastructure and the excellent talent base we have in the region.” “Apple is one of the most innovative companies in the world and we are very proud they chose us to partner with for this important project,” said Anup Jindal, RMSI’s CEO. “We are experts in geospatial data and we will be hiring thousands of people from the local area to support this effort.” Across India, Apple supports over 640,000 iOS app developer jobs and other positions related to the iOS ecosystem. Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, OS X, watchOS and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple’s 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it. Press Contacts: Katrina Tran Apple katrina_tran@apple.com +65 6480 4793 Anand Baskaran Apple abaskaran@apple.com +91 98450 28508   CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple Celebrates Chinese Music with GarageBand Update Next PostNext Apple Union Square Highlights New Design Elements, Community Programs Search Recent Posts iMobie PhoneRescue Now Restores Lost Data for Android Users with Highest Success Rate, Even Directly to Phones and Tablets Drilling Begins! Zion Oil & Gas Spuds Megiddo-Jezreel #1 Well Global Industrial Cartridge Valves Market Industry 2022 Forecast Report Mining Equipment -Market Demand, Growth, Opportunities and Analysis of Top Key Player Forecast To 2022 Hydraulic Bolt Tensioner Market Industry Global Size, Share, Trend & Forecast 2017-2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple Union Square Highlights New Design Elements, Community Programs SAN FRANCISCO — May 19, 2016 — Apple® today revealed its new store on San Francisco’s Union Square, offering many new features and services rolling out to Apple retail stores worldwide. The new store will open its signature 42-foot tall sliding glass doors to customers on Saturday, May 21 at 10 a.m.  “Fifteen years ago today Apple opened its first two stores and we’re thrilled to mark the occasion with the opening of Apple Union Square in San Francisco,” said Angela Ahrendts, Apple’s senior vice president of Retail and Online Stores. “We are not just evolving our store design, but its purpose and greater role in the community as we educate and entertain visitors and serve our network of local entrepreneurs.”  Apple Union Square’s glass doors open the store to Post Street and Union Square. The building’s unique position connects San Francisco’s most famous square to a rejuvenated plaza to the north, creating a beautiful gathering place for the community. The art-filled plaza offers seating, public Wi-Fi, a 50-foot tall “green wall” and regular acoustic performances. The store is powered by 100 percent renewable energy, including power produced by photovoltaic panels integrated into the building’s roof. “We have a deep commitment to the cities we work in, and are aware of the importance that architecture plays in the community,” said Jonathan Ive, Apple’s chief design officer. “It all starts with the storefront — taking transparency to a whole new level — where the building blends the inside and the outside, breaking down barriers and making it more egalitarian and accessible.”  Features in the new Apple Union Square design include: “The Avenue,” inspired by the window displays along a boulevard that dynamically change with the season. Avenue walls are interactive themed “windows” where Apple’s products and services come to life, from music, to creativity, apps, photography and more. New “Creative Pros,” Apple experts in creative arts, offer advice and expertise at each of the displays. Customers will also find “Only at Apple” products on the Avenue, a curated collection of third-party accessories. “Genius Grove” invites customers to get support working side-by-side with Geniuses under the comfortable canopy of local trees in the heart of the store. “The Forum” is a vibrant gathering place, centered around a 6K Video Wall. It is home to “Today at Apple,” which brings to the community the world’s most talented artists, photographers, musicians, gamers, developers and entrepreneurs to inspire and educate our customers to go further with the things they are passionate about. Today at Apple includes year-round programs for kids, new monthly events for teachers, sessions for current and aspiring developers, Creative Sessions in partnership with local experts in creative arts, Game Night with editors from Apple’s App Store® and more. The Forum and Video Wall are a place of discovery, including events about the making of movies from iTunes®, or exclusive premieres of new music and music videos from Apple Music™.  “The Plaza” will be found only at Apple’s most significant stores, including Apple Union Square. It’s open to the public 24 hours a day, features public Wi-Fi and seating, and takes Today at Apple outside, with a regular weekend series of well known local acoustic performances such as Travis Hayes and global talents like Escondido, who will then give exclusive interviews about their craft in the Forum. The Plaza at Apple Union Square features a fountain by well-known San Francisco sculptor Ruth Asawa, originally commissioned in 1969, and a new work, “Love” by local artist Laura Kimpton, commissioned by Hyatt Hotels.  “The Boardroom” is an intimate space where the store’s Business Team offers hands-on advice and training to entrepreneurs, developers and other small and medium business customers. Apple’s original San Francisco store opened on Stockton Street in 2004 with about 100 employees. Having welcomed more than 20 million visitors, and seen the launch of iPhone®, iPad®, MacBook Air®, Apple TV®, Apple Watch® and more, the team moving to Apple Union Square has grown to more than 350.  While the store offers regular learning experiences in the Forum and Plaza, Apple is also committed to furthering creative arts education throughout San Francisco. Apple is working with the Ruth Asawa School of the Arts to build a visual arts lab with 45 workstations outfitted with the latest Apple products.  Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, OS X, watchOS and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple’s 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it. Press Contacts: Amy Bessette Apple abessette@apple.com (408) 862-8012 Nick Leahy Apple nleahy@apple.com (408) 862-5012 CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple Opens Development Office in Hyderabad Next PostNext Walton Westphalia Development Corporation Reports First Quarter 2017 Fiscal Results Search Recent Posts iMobie PhoneRescue Now Restores Lost Data for Android Users with Highest Success Rate, Even Directly to Phones and Tablets Drilling Begins! Zion Oil & Gas Spuds Megiddo-Jezreel #1 Well Global Industrial Cartridge Valves Market Industry 2022 Forecast Report Mining Equipment -Market Demand, Growth, Opportunities and Analysis of Top Key Player Forecast To 2022 Hydraulic Bolt Tensioner Market Industry Global Size, Share, Trend & Forecast 2017-2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Swift Playgrounds app makes learning to code easy and fun A preview release of Swift Playgrounds is available today to Apple Developer Program members as part of the iOS 10 developer preview and will be available with the iOS 10 public beta in July. The final version of Swift Playgrounds will be available in the App Store for free this fall. Swift Playgrounds is compatible with all iPad Air and iPad Pro models and iPad mini 2 and later running iOS 10. For more information including videos, images and demos, visit, apple.com/swift/playgrounds. Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, macOS, watchOS and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple’s 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it. CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple Opens Development Office in Hyderabad Next PostNext Walton Westphalia Development Corporation Reports First Quarter 2017 Fiscal Results Search Recent Posts iMobie PhoneRescue Now Restores Lost Data for Android Users with Highest Success Rate, Even Directly to Phones and Tablets Drilling Begins! Zion Oil & Gas Spuds Megiddo-Jezreel #1 Well Global Industrial Cartridge Valves Market Industry 2022 Forecast Report Mining Equipment -Market Demand, Growth, Opportunities and Analysis of Top Key Player Forecast To 2022 Hydraulic Bolt Tensioner Market Industry Global Size, Share, Trend & Forecast 2017-2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
CarsGuide app Available on the App Store in Google Play View VIEW 0 Cars For Sale Search Cars Used Cars Search New Cars Search Advanced Search Find a Dealer What Car Should I Buy? New Car Deals New Check out New Car Deals now. Sell My Car Start My FREE Ad Edit Your Ad Car Selling Tips Car Reviews Car Reviews by Make Car Reviews by Body Type Used Car Reviews by Make Car News Oversteer Motor Shows Concept Cars Insurance Car Advice Buyers Guide Car Finance Ask 'The Guide' Pricing & Specs Register or Sign in Log in/Sign up Guest My Shortlist 0 Register or Log in New to CarsGuide? Create an account Already Registered? Log in Car Alerts 0 Manage My Ad 0 Change My Details My Profile Logout My Profile Logout Congrats, you have added your first car to your shortlist! This is where you can view and compare all the cars in your list. Ok, got it Trending articles How to sell a car under finance Should I buy a diesel or petrol? Australian road signs for dummies How to make sure your car's tyres are safe Speed camera locations in Australia | by state What if I get booked in another state? Driving fines and penalties explained The difference between diesel and petrol cars Top eight driving myths busted Australian road rules | what you need to know Keeping young drivers safe behind the wheel How to get out of a parking fine Top five most infuriating driver habits How to choose the best way to sell your car Lane departure warning explained World's fastest cars TAGS Technology What are Apple CarPlay and Android Auto? 29 May 2017  by  Vani Naidoo , CarsGuide Apple CarPlay and Android Auto are designed to allow you to stay connected with your hands on the wheel and eyes on the road. It wasn't that long ago that having a CD stacker in your car was considered high-tech, when the thought of switching seamlessly from Eminem to Green Day, with U2 and the Red Hot Chilli Peppers thrown in to the mix, had you jumping into the driver's seat at even the sniff of an opportunity. Rapidly changing technology has brought with it shining new toys which is reflected in the homes in which we live, the jobs we do and the cars we choose to drive. And of course in our mobile phones, which have quickly become an extension of how we communicate in all aspects of our lives. Such is our dependence on our phones that we can't be parted from them, even whilst driving. And being distracted by a text while in control of a three tonne vehicle can never be a good thing. Enter Apple CarPlay and Android Auto, designed to allow you to stay connected with your world with your hands on the wheel and eyes on the road. That's great, but what exactly is it? Put simply, they are third-party apps that mimic the functions of your phone and run on your car's computer interface. The idea is to access your favourite music, make calls and answer texts by using voice commands instead of your hands. The Android Auto home screen. Both Apple CarPlay and Android Auto have been around since the end of 2014 but it is only in the last year, with most manufacturers integrating them into new cars, that they have truly come into their own. The Apple CarPlay home screen. What do you need? Well, cars need to be able to support the systems in the first place. As mentioned above, most cars that are less than two years old either have capacity or can have their software upgraded to be compatible. There are after-market systems that will allow some older cars to also run with the cool kids. You need an iPhone (5 and up) to access CarPlay and an Android device for Android Auto. Pretty self explanatory, but you just never know... How do you get started? For CarPlay, you plug your iPhone into the car using a USB cable, and viola, there it is - the face of your phone on your car's multimedia screen but with a select few apps. You will recognise the icons for Phone, Music, Maps, Messages, Now Playing, Podcasts and Audio. They are big and bright and hard to miss. None of these icons can be removed but you can add a small number of apps like Spotify and Pandora. Android Auto takes a couple more steps. You need to download the app first, then sync your phone with the car, but that is usually not a tricky process. Rather than icons, the screen is a list of the activities in play at the time of use, so the music you are listening to, recent calls and messages and perhaps the place you are navigating to. There is a tab bar at the bottom which features Navigation, Calls and Messages, Home Screen, Music and Audio and Exit. Do they work on telepathy? Yes, if the voices in your head count.  Both interfaces encourage voice commands with CarPlay using 'Siri' to do your bidding and Android Auto using 'Google Now'. You have to press the voice command button or microphone on your steering wheel to offer up your wishes, although in CarPlay you can just say "Hey Siri" to get her going. Of course, you can use manual commands but the systems do prompt you to verbalise your needs instead.  What can they do for you? Both Apple CarPlay and Android Auto can replicate in the car the functions you most use on your phone when you are not driving. You can use them to make calls, listen to messages, read, answer and send texts and to listen to your favourite music and playlists. Apple CarPlay map screen. You can also use Apple maps (CarPlay) or Google maps for directions which is handy in cars that don't have built-in sat nav or to find the nearest service station or shopping centre. Android Auto map screen.  Are there any major differences? Aside from the home screen it is a case of trying to achieve the same goal in different ways. Both will lower the sound of the music when giving navigation instructions and pop the command on the top of the screen if you are in a music app for example. Both are adept at making calls and reading texts although Siri and I do tend to have differing views on pronunciation. Android Auto uses Google Maps which gets a tick from me as I find those maps more reliable and user friendly. It will highlight changing traffic conditions ahead and offer alternate routes and you can also use the pinch function to easily zoom in and out.  Android Auto's music screen. But Apple CarPlay does better with giving you access to your music than Google does with Android Auto. You can call up your full music collection and browse by song, artist, playlist, etc, while in Android Auto, although you can play and pause music from the home screen, you can't browse your collection and are restricted to playlists and the queue.  Apple CarPlay's music screen. Both interfaces have sporadic problems with Spotify, but that's the fault of the app itself.  Which one is better? Neither is perfect and in the end both accomplish the same thing. It simply comes down to whether you are an Apple or Android user. I like the functionality and ordered approach of Apple products whilst you may prefer the delights of Android. Whatever they may be. Do you think Apple CarPlay is better than Android Auto? Share your thoughts in the comments below. Continue Reading Related articles What makes a good car multimedia system? 29 May 2017 by Danny Kwan How to save big dollars on road tolls 29 May 2017 by Stephen Corby Top eight towing myths busted 17 May 2017 by Mark Oastler Five stupid things you've always wanted to do in a car, but were too afraid to try 5 May 2017 by Andrew Chesterton ​Merc's Fit & Healthy tech will make you Benz zee knees! 26 April 2017 by Stephen Corby TAGS Technology Comments Get the latest news, reviews and advice every week Related articles What makes a good car multimedia system? 29 May 2017 by Danny Kwan How to save big dollars on road tolls 29 May 2017 by Stephen Corby Top eight towing myths busted 17 May 2017 by Mark Oastler Five stupid things you've always wanted to do in a car, but were too afraid to try 5 May 2017 by Andrew Chesterton ​Merc's Fit & Healthy tech will make you Benz zee knees! 26 April 2017 by Stephen Corby Related pages Technology Related cars for sale Search all cars for sale About CarsGuide Careers For Dealers Media Centre Help & Security Centre Contact Us Terms • Privacy • Site Map © 2017 Carsguide.com.au. All rights reserved. ABN: 37 150 757 574 Download the CarsGuide app Partner sites: news.com.au | realestate.com.au | foxsports.com.au | taste.com.au | hipages.com.au
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Pick up a new 9.7-inch iPad Pro for $150 off at B&H today only Jacob Siegal BGR News May 29, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Apple is expected to unveil new iPad Pro models in the coming weeks at WWDC, but if you don’t mind being a generation behind, you can pick up an LTE version of the 9.7-inch iPad Pro with 32GB of storage for just $579 at B&H today only (h/t 9to5Toys). That’s $150 off the standard retail price of $729. Don't Miss: New leaks show the iPhone 8 design we’re hoping for Although it can’t replace your laptop in the way that a Surface tablet can, the iPad Pro received extremely positive reviews from critics back when it launched in 2016. It’s the fastest iPad on the market and one of the slickest pieces of hardware Apple has released in the past several years. If you’re in the market for a tablet and prefer iOS to Android or Windows, you really can’t go wrong with the iPad Pro. “Apple returns to the classic iPad form factor with the gold 9.7″ iPad Pro,” reads the description on B&H. “The display features a 2048 x 1536 resolution at 264 pixels per inch (ppi). Using a DCI-P3 color space, the iPad Pro display provides a wider color gamut than standard sRGB displays. And with more available colors, the images will appear more vivid and reveal greater detail.” “The Retina Display delivers greater contrast, more uniform brightness, and improved energy efficiency through photo alignment technology, an oxide TFT panel, display lamination, an anti-reflective coating, and a variable refresh rate. The iPad Pro also features True Tone display, which uses advanced four-channel ambient light sensors to dynamically adjust white balance and brightness.” B&H only has a limited supply at this price, so be sure to act fast if you want an iPad Pro. See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Share What to Read Next Inventor of “Iron Man” jet suit beats his own speed record Yahoo Tech Get a softer clean while using less* CharminSponsored Rumor claims Apple’s MacBook Air line is dead BGR News Microsoft's Xbox Game Pass will end your free time forever Yahoo Tech Google's autonomous car company is now testing out self-driving trucks Yahoo Tech 5 Most Rewarding Travel Card Offers NerdWalletSponsored Uber posts $708 million loss and says finance head left Yahoo Tech How to install Android apps on your Windows computer, the easy way Digital Trends How the Microsoft Surface Pro compares to Apple's best Yahoo Tech Wallet-worthy upgrade—Discover Cashback Match Discover CardSponsored Microsoft's Skype draws inspiration from Snapchat in big redesign Yahoo Tech How Washington is throwing away its shot at protecting your privacy Yahoo Tech New leak sheds light on Apple’s secretive ‘smart glasses’ project BGR News A Card Now Offering a $200 Bonus To New Customers NextAdvisorSponsored Why Amazon let 4,000 dogs into its Seattle headquarters Yahoo Tech Mark Zuckerberg: The most important thing I built at Harvard Yahoo Tech Zuckerberg to Harvard grads: 'You have to create a sense of purpose for others' Yahoo Tech An Insane Card Offering A 0% APR Until August 2018 NextAdvisorSponsored People are going to pay $880 for this ‘Pirates of the Caribbean’ Galaxy S8, sadly BGR News No, your Apple computer isn't immune from ransomware Yahoo Tech The new Samsung Galaxy does 27 things the iPhone doesn't Yahoo Tech The Ultimate List Of Iconic Swimsuit Moments... www.hooch.netSponsored The most important announcements from Google's big developers' conference Yahoo Tech No one will ever find this hidden spy cam BGR News How to avoid the massive WannaCry ransomware attack Yahoo Tech Trunk Club. Making Sense of Style. Trunk ClubSponsored A widely praised Supreme Court decision still doesn't fix the broken patent system Yahoo Tech
GSMArena.com Tip us 868k 130k 87k 212k RSS Log in Login with Facebook Google Sign up Home News Reviews Video Phone Finder Tools Glossary Coverage FAQ Contact Square one Sony Xperia XA1 review - - - Apple releases three new ads to convince you to switch to an iPhone Post your comment Comments (146) Vlad 29 May 2017 Apple Android iOS Exactly one week ago Apple launched a revamped 'Switch' page on its website. That's the portal that's meant for people looking to switch to an iPhone, as the name implies. And with the new page came a new ad campaign as well, which debuted on the same day. A few different ads were released then, and three more have been outed today. These are all short, 15-second clips. Two of them (titled "smooth" and "security", respectively) focus on features that Apple thinks its smartphones have that the competition doesn't offer on the same level. "Your iPhone just works", Apple says with regard to 'smoothness', because it's the one designing both the hardware and the software. iPhones are more secure than their competitors because they get access to the latest updates for much longer - that's the idea pushed by the ad above. The third ad is called "contacts" and wants to assure people looking to switch that it's not going to be a hassle to take their address book with them when they come from Android. Apple's Move to iOS app can be found in the Google Play Store and its purpose is exactly to help people make the transition without any issues. Via Related articles Life is easier on iPhone, Apple tells Android users looking to switch Apple BlackOut Dates announcement suggests timely iPhone launch Apple iPhone 8 sized up against the iPhone 7s and 7s Plus Latest Apple ads paint a heart warming picture Reader comments Paula P%$5 03 Jun 2017 ios's and android's fans always have their arguments. Reply rizki1 thvL 02 Jun 2017 What security? Many people forget his apple ID to get into his phone. He lost money and his cell phone too, you know how to solve it? Android has good security too .. every month can get update. What have you ever heard of the biggest android burglar... Reply Kakarrot g3xX 01 Jun 2017 ok we can't but can you use that 200$ android phone for 5 years without depending or using another mobile Reply Read all comments Post your comment Total reader comments: 146 Phone finder Samsung Apple Microsoft Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Gigabyte XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum All brands Rumor mill Top 10 by daily interest   Device Daily hits   1. Samsung Galaxy S8 72,281 2. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 60,074 3. Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X) 55,785 4. Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime 55,657 5. Xiaomi Redmi 4a 43,911 6. Samsung Galaxy S8+ 42,191 7. Samsung Galaxy A5 (2017) 39,743 8. Nokia 6 38,462 9. Apple iPhone 6 36,091 10. Xiaomi Mi 6 34,528 Top 10 by fans   Device Favorites   1. Samsung Galaxy S7 edge 2,208 2. OnePlus 3 1,695 3. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 1,684 4. Xiaomi Mi 5 1,655 5. Samsung Galaxy S7 1,541 6. HTC 10 1,475 7. LG G5 1,231 8. Samsung Galaxy S8 1,181 9. OnePlus 3T 922 10. Xiaomi Mi Mix 880 Home News Reviews Compare Coverage Glossary FAQ RSS feed Facebook Twitter © 2000-2017 GSMArena.com Mobile version Contact us Advertising Privacy Terms of use CDN by
Click to Skip Ad Closing in... Tech Entertainment Business Deals Science Politics About Tablets Image Source: Apple Pick up a new 9.7-inch iPad Pro for $150 off at B&H today only Jacob Siegal @JacobSiegal May 29th, 2017 at 2:29 PM Share Tweet Apple is expected to unveil new iPad Pro models in the coming weeks at WWDC, but if you don’t mind being a generation behind, you can pick up an LTE version of the 9.7-inch iPad Pro with 32GB of storage for just $579 at B&H today only (h/t 9to5Toys). That’s $150 off the standard retail price of $729. Don't Miss: New leaks show the iPhone 8 design we’re hoping for Although it can’t replace your laptop in the way that a Surface tablet can, the iPad Pro received extremely positive reviews from critics back when it launched in 2016. It’s the fastest iPad on the market and one of the slickest pieces of hardware Apple has released in the past several years. If you’re in the market for a tablet and prefer iOS to Android or Windows, you really can’t go wrong with the iPad Pro. “Apple returns to the classic iPad form factor with the gold 9.7″ iPad Pro,” reads the description on B&H. “The display features a 2048 x 1536 resolution at 264 pixels per inch (ppi). Using a DCI-P3 color space, the iPad Pro display provides a wider color gamut than standard sRGB displays. And with more available colors, the images will appear more vivid and reveal greater detail.” “The Retina Display delivers greater contrast, more uniform brightness, and improved energy efficiency through photo alignment technology, an oxide TFT panel, display lamination, an anti-reflective coating, and a variable refresh rate. The iPad Pro also features True Tone display, which uses advanced four-channel ambient light sensors to dynamically adjust white balance and brightness.” B&H only has a limited supply at this price, so be sure to act fast if you want an iPad Pro. Tags: Apple, b&h, iPad Pro View Comments Trending 1 Tech People are going to pay $880 for this ‘Pirates of the Caribbean’ Galaxy S8, sadly 2 Tech Rumor claims Apple’s MacBook Air line is dead 3 Tech Foxconn insider drops avalanche of information about the iPhone 8, new MacBooks, Apple’s smart glasses and more 4 Tech New leak sheds light on Apple’s secretive ‘smart glasses’ project 5 Entertainment NBA Finals 2017 live stream: How to watch Warriors vs. Cavaliers Game 2 online Picked For You The Galaxy Note 8 might launch sooner than we thought By Chris Smith 2 days ago AT&T is basically giving away cable TV to wireless customers By Chris Mills 2 days ago Why would you even own a Nintendo Switch without these 5 must-have accessories? By Maren Estrada 2 days ago Advertise About Contact Copyright 2017 BGR Media, LLC Powered by WordPress.com VIP | Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Rights | Terms Of Use ad
Skip to content The Atlantic Popular Latest Sections Sections Politics & Policy Culture Business Science Technology Health Education U.S. Global News Notes Photo Video Events Writers Projects Magazine Magazine Current issue All issues Manage subscription Subscribe More More Create account Your account Sign in Sign out Newsletters Audio Life Timeline Events Books Shop View all Subscribe Search Search Quick Links James Fallows Ta Nehisi Coates Manage subscription Quick Links James Fallows Ta Nehisi Coates Manage subscription How Google Builds Its Maps—and What It Means for the Future of Everything An exclusive look inside Ground Truth, the secretive program to build the world's best accurate maps Most Popular The Myth of the Kindly General Lee Adam Serwer 6:00 AM ET The Panic President David A. Graham 3:34 PM ET What Trump Doesn't Understand About Gun Control in Great Britain David Frum 1:45 PM ET The Leftovers: A Nicer Story Spencer Kornhaber and Sophie Gilbert 10:10 PM ET My Family’s Slave Alex Tizon  May 16, 2017 Alexis C. Madrigal Sep 6, 2012 Technology Share Tweet … LinkedIn Email Print Text Size Behind every Google Map, there is a much more complex map that's the key to your queries but hidden from your view. The deep map contains the logic of places: their no-left-turns and freeway on-ramps, speed limits and traffic conditions. This is the data that you're drawing from when you ask Google to navigate you from point A to point B -- and last week, Google showed me the internal map and demonstrated how it was built. It's the first time the company has let anyone watch how the project it calls GT, or "Ground Truth," actually works. Google opened up at a key moment in its evolution. The company began as an online search company that made money almost exclusively from selling ads based on what you were querying for. But then the mobile world exploded. Where you're searching from has become almost as important as what you're searching for. Google responded by creating an operating system, brand, and ecosystem in Android that has become the only significant rival to Apple's iOS. And for good reason. If Google's mission is to organize all the world's information, the most important challenge -- far larger than indexing the web -- is to take the world's physical information and make it accessible and useful. "If you look at the offline world, the real world in which we live, that information is not entirely online," Manik Gupta, the senior product manager for Google Maps, told me. "Increasingly as we go about our lives, we are trying to bridge that gap between what we see in the real world and [the online world], and Maps really plays that part." This is not just a theoretical concern. Mapping systems matter on phones precisely because they are the interface between the offline and online worlds. If you're at all like me, you use mapping more than any other application except for the communications suite (phone, email, social networks, and text messaging). Google is locked in a battle with the world's largest company, Apple, about who will control the future of mobile phones. Whereas Apple's strengths are in product design, supply chain management, and retail marketing, Google's most obvious realm of competitive advantage is in information. Geo data -- and the apps built to use it -- are where Google can win just by being Google. That didn't matter on previous generations of iPhones because they used Google Maps, but now Apple's created its own service. How the two operating systems incorporate geo data and present it to users could become a key battleground in the phone wars. But that would entail actually building a better map. *** The office where Google has been building the best representation of the world is not a remarkable place. It has all the free food, ping pong, and Google Maps-inspired Christoph Niemann cartoons that you'd expect, but it's still a low-slung office building just off the 101 in Mountain View in the burbs. I was slated to meet with Gupta and the engineering ringleader on his team, former NASA engineer Michael Weiss-Malik, who'd spent his 20 percent time working on Google Mars, and Nick Volmar, an "operator" who actually massages map data. "So you want to make a map," Weiss-Malik tells me as we sit down in front of a massive monitor. "There are a couple of steps. You acquire data through partners. You do a bunch of engineering on that data to get it into the right format and conflate it with other sources of data, and then you do a bunch of operations, which is what this tool is about, to hand massage the data. And out the other end pops something that is higher quality than the sum of its parts." This is what they started out with, the TIGER data from the US Census Bureau (though the base layer could and does come from a variety of sources in different countries). On first inspection, this data looks great. The roads look like they are all there and you've got the freeways differentiated. This is a good map to the untrained eye. But let's look closer. There are issues where the digital data does not match the physical world. I've circled a few obvious ones below. And that's just from comparing the map to the satellite imagery. But there are also a variety of other tools at Google's disposal. One is bringing in data from other sources, say the US Geological Survey. But Google's Ground Truthers can also bring another exclusive asset to bear on the maps problem: the Street View cars' tracks and imagery. In keeping with Google's more-data-is-better-data mantra, the maps team, largely driven by Street View, is publishing more imagery data every two weeks than Google possessed total in 2006.* Let's step back a tiny bit to recall with wonderment the idea that a single company decided to drive cars with custom cameras over every road they could access. Google is up to five million miles driven now. Each drive generates two kinds of really useful data for mapping. One is the actual tracks the cars have taken; these are proof-positive that certain routes can be taken. The other are all the photos. And what's significant about the photographs in Street View is that Google can run algorithms that extract the traffic signs and can even paste them onto the deep map within their Atlas tool. So, for a particularly complicated intersection like this one in downtown San Francisco, that could look like this: Google Street View wasn't built to create maps like this, but the geo team quickly realized that computer vision could get them incredible data for ground truthing their maps. Not to detour too much, but what you see above is just the beginning of how Google is going to use Street View imagery. Think of them as the early web crawlers (remember those?) going out in the world, looking for the words on pages. That's what Street View is doing. One of its first uses is finding street signs (and addresses) so that Google's maps can better understand the logic of human transportation systems. But as computer vision and OCR improve, any word that is visible from a road will become a part of Google's index of the physical world. Later in the day, Google Maps VP Brian McClendon put it like this: "We can actually organize the world's physical written information if we can OCR it and place it," McClendon said. "We use that to create our maps right now by extracting street names and addresses, but there is a lot more there."    More like what? "We already have what we call 'view codes' for 6 million businesses and 20 million addresses, where we know exactly what we're looking at," McClendon continued. "We're able to use logo matching and find out where are the Kentucky Fried Chicken signs ... We're able to identify and make a semantic understanding of all the pixels we've acquired. That's fundamental to what we do." For now, though, computer vision transforming Street View images directly into geo-understanding remains in the future. The best way to figure out if you can make a left turn at a particular intersection is still to have a person look at a sign -- whether that's a human driving or a human looking at an image generated by a Street View car. There is an analogy to be made to one of Google's other impressive projects: Google Translate. What looks like machine intelligence is actually only a recombination of human intelligence. Translate relies on massive bodies of text that have been translated into different languages by humans; it then is able to extract words and phrases that match up. The algorithms are not actually that complex, but they work because of the massive amounts of data (i.e. human intelligence) that go into the task on the front end. Google Maps has executed a similar operation. Humans are coding every bit of the logic of the road onto a representation of the world so that computers can simply duplicate (infinitely, instantly) the judgments that a person already made. This reality is incarnated in Nick Volmar, the operator who has been showing off Atlas while Weiss-Malik and Gupta explain it. He probably uses twenty-five keyboard shortcuts switching between types of data on the map and he shows the kind of twitchy speed that I associate with long-time designers working with Adobe products or professional Starcraft players. Volmar has clearly spent thousands of hours working with this data. Weiss-Malik told me that it takes hundreds of operators to map a country. (Rumor has it many of these people work in the Bangalore office, out of which Gupta was promoted.) The sheer amount of human effort that goes into Google's maps is just mind-boggling. Every road that you see slightly askew in the top image has been hand-massaged by a human. The most telling moment for me came when we looked at couple of the several thousand user reports of problems with Google Maps that come in every day. The Geo team tries to address the majority of fixable problems within minutes. One complaint reported that Google did not show a new roundabout that had been built in a rural part of the country. The satellite imagery did not show the change, but a Street View car had recently driven down the street and its tracks showed the new road perfectly. Volmar began to fix the map, quickly drawing the new road and connecting it to the existing infrastructure. In his haste (and perhaps with the added pressure of three people watching his every move), he did not draw a perfect circle of points. Weiss-Malik and I detoured into another conversation for a couple of minutes. By the time I looked back at the screen, Volmar had redrawn the circle with perfect precision and upgraded a few other things while he was at it. The actions were impressively automatic. This is an operation that promotes perfectionism. And that's how you get your maps to look this this: Some details are worth pointing out. In the top at the center, trails have been mapped out and coded as places for walking. All the parking lots have been mapped out. All the little roads, say, to the left of the small dirt patch on the right, have also been coded. Several of the actual buildings have been outlined. Down at the bottom left, a road has been marked as a no-go. At each and every intersection, there are arrows that delineate precisely where cars can and cannot turn. Now imagine doing this for every tile on Google's map in the United States and 30 other countries over the last four years. Every roundabout perfectly circular, every intersection with the correct logic. Every new development. Every one-way street. This is a task of a nearly unimaginable scale. This is not something you can put together with a few dozen smart engineers. I came away convinced that the geographic data Google has assembled is not likely to be matched by any other company. The secret to this success isn't, as you might expect, Google's facility with data, but rather its willingness to commit humans to combining and cleaning data about the physical world. Google's map offerings build in the human intelligence on the front end, and that's what allows its computers to tell you the best route from San Francisco to Boston. *** It's probably better not to think of Google Maps as a thing like a paper map. Geographic information systems represent a jump from paper maps like the abacus to the computer. "I honestly think we're seeing a more profound change, for map-making, than the switch from manuscript to print in the Renaissance," University of London cartographic historian Jerry Brotton told the Sydney Morning Herald. "That was huge. But this is bigger." The maps we used to keep folded in our glove compartments were a collection of lines and shapes that we overlaid with human intelligence. Now, as we've seen, a map is a collection of lines and shapes with Nick Volmar's (and hundreds of others') intelligence encoded within. It's common when we discuss the future of maps to reference the Borgesian dream of a 1:1 map of the entire world. It seems like a ridiculous notion that we would need a complete representation of the world when we already have the world itself. But to take scholar Nathan Jurgenson's conception of augmented reality seriously, we would have to believe that every physical space is, in his words, "interpenetrated" with information. All physical spaces already are also informational spaces. We humans all hold a Borgesian map in our heads of the places we know and we use it to navigate and compute physical space. Google's strategy is to bring all our mental maps together and process them into accessible, useful forms. Their MapMaker product makes that ambition clear. Project managed by Gupta during his time in India, it's the "bottom up" version of Ground Truth. It's a publicly accessible way to edit Google Maps by adding landmarks and data about your piece of the world. It's a way of sucking data out of human brains and onto the Internet. And it's a lot like Google's open competitor, Open Street Map, which has proven that it, too, can harness the crowd's intelligence. As we slip and slide into a world where our augmented reality is increasingly visible to us off and online, Google's geographic data may become its most valuable asset. Not solely because of this data alone, but because location data makes everything else Google does and knows more valuable. Or as my friend and sci-fi novelist Robin Sloan put it to me, "I maintain that this is Google's core asset. In 50 years, Google will be the self-driving car company (powered by this deep map of the world) and, oh, P.S. they still have a search engine somewhere." Of course, they will always need one more piece of geographic information to make all this effort worthwhile: You. Where you are, that is. Your location is the current that makes Google's giant geodata machine run. They've built this whole playground as an elaborate lure for you. As good and smart and useful as it is, good luck resisting taking the bait. * Due to a transcription error, an earlier version of this story stated that Google published 20PB of imagery data every two weeks. Share Tweet Comments Latest Video Trump's Most Drastic Statement Yet The U.S. abandons the Paris Accord—and the global community it helped build. Uri Friedman, Daniel Lombroso, and Leah Varjacques Jun 1, 2017 About the Author Alexis C. Madrigal is a staff writer at The Atlantic. He's the author of Powering the Dream: The History and Promise of Green Technology. Twitter Email Most Popular Presented by Jonathan Bachman / Reuters The Myth of the Kindly General Lee Adam Serwer The legend of the Confederate leader’s heroism and decency is based in the fiction of a person who never existed. The strangest part about the continued personality cult of Robert E. Lee is how few of the qualities his admirers profess to see in him he actually possessed. Memorial Day has the tendency to conjure up old arguments about the Civil War. That’s understandable; it was created to mourn the dead of a war in which the Union was nearly destroyed, when half the country rose up in rebellion in defense of slavery. This year, the removal of Lee’s statue in New Orleans has inspired a new round of commentary about Lee, not to mention protests on his behalf by white supremacists. The myth of Lee goes something like this: He was a brilliant strategist and devoted Christian man who abhorred slavery and labored tirelessly after the war to bring the country back together. Continue Reading Mike Segar / Reuters The Panic President David A. Graham Rarely does a leader in a liberal democracy embrace, let alone foment, fear. But that’s exactly what Donald Trump did in response to attacks in London, as he has often done before. After a terrorist attack, there are two steps nearly every leader takes: first, condemn the violence; second, appeal for calm. London Mayor Sadiq Khan followed that familiar playbook in the wake of Saturday night’s attacks. Speaking to the BBC, Khan said: There aren’t words to describe the grief and anger that our city is feeling today. I’m appalled and furious that these cowardly terrorists would deliberately target innocent Londoners and bystanders enjoying their Saturday night. There can be no justification for the acts of these terrorists, and I’m quite clear that we will never let them win, nor will we allow to cower our city. Then Khan went on reassure the public: Londoners will see an increased police presence today and over the course of the next few days. No reason to be alarmed. One of the things, the police, all of us need to do, is make sure we’re as safe as we possibly can be. I’m reassured that we are one of the safest global cities in the world, if not the safest global city in the world, but we always evolve and review ways to make sure that we remain as safe as we possibly can. Continue Reading Neil Hall / Reuters What Trump Doesn't Understand About Gun Control in Great Britain David Frum British policies have proved remarkably effective—a fact that Saturday’s attack underscores, rather than undermines. Amid a flurry of other comments after the London attack, the president of the United States tweeted the following: Do you notice we are not having a gun debate right now? That's because they used knives and a truck! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 4, 2017 OK, so let’s talk about guns. Here’s a picture of London’s Borough Market on a more typical day in 2011. Here’s a scene of foot traffic on London Bridge leading to Borough Market. On a pleasant summer evening, tens of thousands of Londoners walk through or enjoy themselves in the neighborhood the terrorists attacked. Three men armed with high-capacity firearms would not have killed seven and wounded 48: They would have killed hundreds or even more. British police could use their firepower advantage to kill the three terrorists in eight minutes. Had the terrorists been equally armed, who knows what the outcome of the gun battle might have been? Continue Reading HBO The Leftovers: A Nicer Story Spencer Kornhaber and Sophie Gilbert In “The Book of Nora,” a brilliant and continually surprising television show came to an end. Each week following episodes of the third and final season of The Leftovers, Sophie Gilbert and Spencer Kornhaber will discuss HBO’s drama about the aftermath of 2 percent of the world’s population suddenly vanishing. Spencer Kornhaber: By the time of its series finale, The Leftovers had already proven itself as a powerful statement about humanity. Its very last episode added in a powerful statement about goats. In this extremely weird, extremely emotional closing chapter, Nora’s Shawshank Redemption-esque assumption of an ensnared beast’s beads may have been the most weirdly emotional moment of all—one last mysterious encounter between human intelligence and nature’s randomness. With doves, dogs, deer, lions, and goats, The Leftovers has shown how to look into an animal’s eyes is to realize something about yourself. It has also shown that a jammed door can be the source of an epiphany, and the human search for meaning can result in unthinkable betrayal and incredible forgiveness. Continue Reading All photos courtesy of Alex Tizon and his family My Family’s Slave Alex Tizon  She lived with us for 56 years. She raised me and my siblings without pay. I was 11, a typical American kid, before I realized who she was. The ashes filled a black plastic box about the size of a toaster. It weighed three and a half pounds. I put it in a canvas tote bag and packed it in my suitcase this past July for the transpacific flight to Manila. From there I would travel by car to a rural village. When I arrived, I would hand over all that was left of the woman who had spent 56 years as a slave in my family’s household. Continue Reading Peter Nicholls / Reuters Why Trump Criticized a London Under Attack Peter Beinart The president believes that globalism costs jobs and lives—and that what makes America exceptional is its resistance to global integration. The narcissism generally comes first. Early Saturday evening, an hour after first retweeting a Drudge Report alert about the London terrorist attack, Donald Trump declared that, “We need to be smart, vigilant and tough. We need the courts to give us back our rights. We need the Travel Ban as an extra level of safety!” In other words, London proves him right. Everything does. When Omar Mateen murdered 49 people at an Orlando nightclub last June, Trump tweeted, “Appreciate the congrats for being right on radical Islamic terrorism.” That same month, when The Wall Street Journal reported that NATO was considering creating a new intelligence coordinator to assist in the fight against terrorism, Trump—who wasn’t even yet the Republican presidential nominee—explained, “It’s all because of me.” Continue Reading mynameisharsha/flickr Life as a Nonviolent Psychopath Judith Ohikuare Neuroscientist James Fallon discovered through his work that he has the brain of a psychopath, and subsequently learned a lot about the role of genes in personality and how his brain affects his life. In 2005, James Fallon's life started to resemble the plot of a well-honed joke or big-screen thriller: A neuroscientist is working in his laboratory one day when he thinks he has stumbled upon a big mistake. He is researching Alzheimer's and using his healthy family members' brain scans as a control, while simultaneously reviewing the fMRIs of murderous psychopaths for a side project. It appears, though, that one of the killers' scans has been shuffled into the wrong batch. The scans are anonymously labeled, so the researcher has a technician break the code to identify the individual in his family, and place his or her scan in its proper place. When he sees the results, however, Fallon immediately orders the technician to double check the code. But no mistake has been made: The brain scan that mirrors those of the psychopaths is his own. Continue Reading Miraflores Palace / Reuters How Populism Helped Wreck Venezuela Uri Friedman The story of how the country went from cheap fridges to no food is about more than socialism and corruption. What’s the problem with populism? Why, in some circles, has the term acquired such a negative connotation? After all, you could argue that populism is simply the promotion of popular ideas with which elites disagree. You could think of it as a movement to uproot a political establishment that has become unresponsive to the public. But populism can also be described as a political logic by which politicians claim to exclusively represent the righteous people in a struggle against the corrupt elite. And the hazards of adhering to that logic are on display right now in Venezuela. Hugo Chavez, the late leader of Venezuela’s socialist revolution, once provided his people with subsidized refrigerators from China, appearing on television in a mock kitchen to personally cross out the “capitalist” price tag on a fridge and write in a “Chavez discount.” Now his successor’s people have little to refrigerate. Three-fourths of Venezuelans reported involuntarily losing an average of 19 pounds in 2016 because of rampant food shortages and runaway inflation, which is making basic goods unaffordable. A third of Venezuelans reported eating two or fewer meals a day last year—triple the number recorded a year earlier. Child malnutrition has reached crisis levels. Continue Reading AP/The Atlantic What ISIS Really Wants Graeme Wood The Islamic State is no mere collection of psychopaths. It is a religious group with carefully considered beliefs, among them that it is a key agent of the coming apocalypse. Here’s what that means for its strategy—and for how to stop it. What is the Islamic State? Where did it come from, and what are its intentions? The simplicity of these questions can be deceiving, and few Western leaders seem to know the answers. In December, The New York Times published confidential comments by Major General Michael K. Nagata, the Special Operations commander for the United States in the Middle East, admitting that he had hardly begun figuring out the Islamic State’s appeal. “We have not defeated the idea,” he said. “We do not even understand the idea.” In the past year, President Obama has referred to the Islamic State, variously, as “not Islamic” and as al-Qaeda’s “jayvee team,” statements that reflected confusion about the group, and may have contributed to significant strategic errors. Continue Reading Joshua Roberts / Reuters The Republican Dilemma Jay Caruso GOP leaders are stuck trying to rein in Trump’s excesses without alienating their own primary voters, who are largely standing by their president. CARTERSVILLE, Ga.—Several miles off Route 41 in Bartow County, Georgia, is the downtown area of Cartersville. It's a throwback place with brick-face storefronts, independently owned businesses, and railroad tracks that bring freight trains straight through the center of the town every 30 minutes. Here, the firing of James Comey arouses not support or opposition, but rather, indifference. Nobody I spoke with cared either way; it doesn't affect them or their families. People shrugged when asked about Trump's tweetstorms. Most agreed that press treatment of Trump is too harsh. Overall, the focus for Trump voters here is the big picture: the economy, jobs, and border security. Bartow County is 885 miles from Manhattan, but this is Donald Trump country. He took 46 percent of the vote here during the primary, trailed by Ted Cruz at 25 percent and Marco Rubio at 18 percent. In the general election, Trump trounced Hillary Clinton, winning 75 percent of the vote to Clinton's 21 percent. Continue Reading Bob Woodward Tells the Media to Calm Down Ashley Bloom Kenny, Leah Varjacques, and Tynesha Foreman “It serves no one, the media or Trump, to have an almost thermonuclear war with each other.” Watch Video What Makes Things Cool? Alice Roth, Nicolas Pollock, Derek Thompson, and Caitlin Cadieux A handy acronym for popularity Watch Video A New Understanding of the Childhood Brain Nicolas Pollock Uncovering the link between early trauma and lifelong illness Watch Video More Popular Stories Show Comments Home Share Tweet Next story in Technology Subscribe Get 10 issues a year and save 65% off the cover price. State Alabama Alaska Alberta American Samoa APO/FPO-Africa APO/FPO-Canada APO/FPO-Europe APO/FPO-Middle East APO/FPO-Americas APO/FPO-Pacific Arizona Arkansas British Columbia California Colorado Connecticut Delaware District of Columbia Florida Georgia Guam Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Manitoba Marshall Islands Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Micronesia Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Brunswick New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York Newfoundland Newfoundland-Labrador North Carolina North Dakota Northern Mariana Isles Northwest Territories Nova Scotia Nunavut Ohio Oklahoma Ontario Oregon Palau Pennsylvania Prince Edward Island Puerto Rico Quebec Quebec Rhode Island Saskatchewan South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virgin Islands Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming Yukon Territories Fraud Alert regarding The Atlantic Newsletters+ The Atlantic The Atlantic Daily This Week This Month New Photo Galleries Top Videos This Week Politics & Policy Daily CityLab Today’s Top Stories This Week's Most Popular Stories I want to receive updates from partners and sponsors. Follow+ Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest RSS App Store About+ Masthead FAQ Press Jobs Shop Books Emporium Contact Us Privacy Policy Advertise Advertising Guidelines Terms and Conditions Manage Subscription Responsible Disclosure Site Map Copyright © 2017 by The Atlantic Monthly Group. All Rights Reserved. Close Skip to article in Skip Ad > Close
Apps iPhone Apps iPad Apps Mac Apps Apple TV Apps Apple Watch Apps The Best Apps Tutorials Jailbreak Jailbreak Tweaks Jailbreak Guide Unlock Guide Deals Latest Deals Devices iPhone iPad Mac Apple Watch Apple TV More Download Wallpapers iPhone Photography Expert Tips Podcasts Apple shares 3 new ‘Switch to iPhone’ ads Christian Zibreg on May 29, 2017 9 Apple on Monday shared a trio of geeky ads that are part of its new campaign aimed at persuading Android users to make the leap to the iconic smartphone. Published on Apple’s official YouTube channel, the new mini-ads, running sixteen seconds each, promote the company’s ability to roll out important security fixes fast via iOS software updates. Apple is also praising the smartphone’s smooth, stutter-free performance while highlighting easy contact transfer via the Move to iOS app for those who would gladly switch to an iPhone. Smooth “We design the hardware and the software so your iPhone just works,” says Apple. Security “Access to the latest updates keeps your iPhone secure,” reads the description. Contacts “Switch to iPhone,” reads the video’s description. “The Move to iOS app makes it simple to move your contacts, photos, and more to iPhone.” The new ads use the tagline “Life’s easier when you switch to iPhone” and direct viewers to the recently revamped ”Switch to iPhone” webpage at apple.com/switch. Apple’s mini-website for switchers now includes useful new sections covering topics like in-house designed iPhone chips, powerful cameras, easy of use, customer support and more. Do you like Apple’s new ads? Do they manage to sell folks on the merits of iPhones, do you think? Let us know by leaving a comment below. Tagged: Ad Advertising Android Apple iOS iPhone Marketing News Security Video MORE FROM iDB Latest iPhone 7 ad is all about iMessage stickers Watch Apple’s new video showcasing what iOS 10’s Home app is capable of Apple’s new videos aim to lure Android users into switching to iPhone Rondog Actually a few of my friends are leaving iphones for Samsung phones, mainly because idevices are getting more difficult to jailbreak. Samsung phones are easier to customize the way we want them to look. credulousgeek There choice but many people don’t care about UI my reason for preferring iPhone over all other devices i own is also because of irs UI I am not happy with galaxy s6 edge plus even! AMB_07 1st video is a bit misleading if they are referring to modern Android phones, it’s not 2010 anymore. Unless this is about your old phone or one of those super cheap phones. credulousgeek Dude Android is still same no as such at par innovation owning and iPhone or Android device doesn’t give any of us license to be ambassadors of either one i own both but I have always preferred iPhone no matter what. AMB_07 I have no idea what you’re talking about, Android has changed significantly. In terms of performance/features/ease of use, both iOS and Android are on somewhat even grounds. So it comes down simply to the personal preferences of the end-user. One area I would argue iOS still holds an advantage over Android is support (OS feature updates and security patches) which is a major reason why I bought an iPhone over an Android phone last year. credulousgeek what areas android made progress?enlighten me? AMB_07 In what areas has Android made progress? Well short answer is… everything. Long answer, well I’m not going to write you a book here but you can check out an article by The Verge which simplifies you Android’s improvements and evolution over the years. Just google ”Android: A visual history” and you’ll get it. Marlon Brown How come i dont get these ads in Jamaica :D But my phone is an iPhone… Featured Latest Jailbreak tweaks of the week: Charge, TouchBar, & more… Halide, Clarity, Adobe Scan, and other apps to check out this weekend How to live stream WWDC 2017 on iPhone, iPad, Apple TV, Mac, Windows, and Android Daily Deals: 20% off PlayStation Plus membership, 10% off Uber gift card, and more Mad Max, Pulp Fiction and other iTunes movies on sale right now How to track your sleep using your iPhone and Apple Watch WWDC 2017 wallpapers and logo pack Jailbreak tweaks of the week: Charge, TouchBar, & more… WWDC 2017, rumors of Siri speaker, new Macs, and other top stories this week on iDB Apple to announce Siri support for larger variety of apps at WWDC Jailbreak News Jailbreak tweaks of the week: Charge, TouchBar, & more… New jailbreak tweak brings a MacBook Pro-style Touch Bar to your iPhone Hide stuff from your Lock screen with LSHiddenTools10 JailbreakersUnite: a new conference that aims to bring jailbreak community members together SaveBot lets you save videos from your timeline in Tweetbot Apps How to track your sleep using your iPhone and Apple Watch Apple to announce Siri support for larger variety of apps at WWDC Halide, Clarity, Adobe Scan, and other apps to check out this weekend Can Facebook win over the Snapchat audience with purported teen-centric Talk app? Apple’s free app of the week: The Robot Factory Accessories 10.5″ iPad Pro screen protector surfaces ahead of rumored WWDC announcement Nike’s new sneaker-matching Apple Watch bands now available for purchase Twelve South’s BookArc stand for Apple notebooks now available in Space Gray Apple’s begun manufacturing its Siri speaker ahead of WWDC Elgato debuts Eve Degree HomeKit sensor [video review] Deals Instant Snap-On Smart Wall Outlets for $16 Daily Burn: Premium Membership for $99 10-Ft MFi-Certified Lightning Cable: 3-Pack for $16 Newsletter Get updates directly into your inbox. Subscribe Download the iDB app About | Contact | Advertise | Disclosure | Privacy Policy 2017 © iDownloadBlog.com - This website is not affiliated with Apple. Home Apps Tutorials Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Downloads Wallpapers Accessories Deals Podcasts Write for iDB Contact Us
make-use-of-logo logo-background menu search search-start close email bookmark facebook google twitter pinterest stumbleupon whatsapp amazon youtube youtube label-rectangle triangle-long down PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Search for: Search Popular Topics The Internet Windows iPhone and iPad Android Mac Gaming MakeUseOf This Is Why You Should Stop Using Google Search Internet Security This Is Why You Should Stop Using Google Search Gavin Phillips This Easy Trick Makes Windows 10 Start Up Faster Windows This Easy Trick Makes Windows 10 Start Up Faster Nancy Messieh Top Deals Search Open Menu Close Menu PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Search for: Google Assistant vs. Siri: Which iPhone Voice Assistant Is Best? iPhone and iPad Google Assistant vs. Siri: Which iPhone Voice Assistant Is Best? Khamosh Pathak May 29, 2017 29-05-2017 6 minutes Google Assistant vs. Siri: Which iPhone Voice Assistant Is Best? Facebook Twitter Pinterest Stumbleupon Whatsapp Email Google Assistant began life as an exclusive feature for Google Pixel phones. But now it’s slowly starting to spread its wings. First, modern Android devices running Marshmallow and Nougat got it, Google Assistant Is Coming to More Smartphones Google Assistant Is Coming to More Smartphones Google is beginning to roll Google Assistant out to more smartphones. Unfortunately, the majority of Android handsets are not included in this initial rollout thanks to fragmentation. Read More  and now it’s available as a standalone app for the iPhone You Can Now Use Google Assistant on Your iPhone You Can Now Use Google Assistant on Your iPhone Google has done the unthinkable and brought Google Assistant to the iPhone. Google Assistant is Google's answer to Apple's Siri, Microsoft's Cortana, and Amazon's Alexa. Read More (in the U.S.). It’s no secret that when it comes to online services, Google is much better at it than Apple. And when MKBHD compared Siri on iOS vs Google Assistant on Android, Google Assistant threw quite a lot of punches. But how does Google Assistant work on the iPhone? What exactly does it do? And is it worth your time? Setting Up and Using Google Assistant on iPhone Setting up Google Assistant on iPhone is really easy. If you already use a Google app on your iPhone and you’re logged in, you’ll see an option to continue with the same account. You’re then taken to Google Assistant’s conversational interface. This is similar to Siri, only with less of a The Dark Knight feel and more of a daytime talk show vibe. There’s a microphone button at the bottom. Tap it and start talking to your assistant. As the speech recognition engine is backed by Google it’s actually really good at picking up what you say (although as it’s U.S. only right now, there’s no option to change the language). That’s mostly what Google wants you to do with this app: talk, explore, get answers, do things. Google Assistant has another party trick up its sleeve. Tap on the faded keyboard button in the bottom-right and up pops the keyboard Did Google Make the Best iPhone Keyboard Yet? Meet Gboard Did Google Make the Best iPhone Keyboard Yet? Meet Gboard Google recently launched a new keyboard for iPhones called Gboard, and it's exclusively available on iOS right now. It's also probably the best mobile keyboard you have ever used. Read More . You can now type to Google Assistant and ask for help when you can’t summon it with your voice (something you can’t do with Siri). You’ll see a floating Assistant icon in the top right. Once you tap it you’ll find the Explore and My Stuff tabs. Explore tab lists things you can ask Assistant to do for you and My Stuff lets you view your reminders, agenda, shopping list and shortcuts all in one page. To go to Settings or Account, tap on the three-dot menu in the top-right. The Flash Briefing feature is also present but you need to enable new sources from Settings first. Google has also made it easy (well, as easy as it can be) to start talking to Google Assistant. If you have an iPhone 6s or above, you can just 3D Touch Everything You Can Do With 3D Touch on Your iPhone Everything You Can Do With 3D Touch on Your iPhone 3D touch is really just a fancy name for a pressure-sensitive screen, but adds a whole array of extra input options to iOS. Read More the Assistant app icon and tap on the widget to start talking to Assistant. You can also add the widget to your Today View iOS 10 Widgets Are Great: Here's How to Put Them to Good Use iOS 10 Widgets Are Great: Here's How to Put Them to Good Use Apple's new widgets in iOS 10 might not seem like a big deal, but developers have already made great use of this new function. Here's how to use them. Read More to start talking to it directly from the Lock screen. Siri Has Home Field Advantage Siri is integrated into iOS. It has system level access to your data, it can perform system level tasks and is accessible from anywhere. Google Assistant has none of those privileges. You can just press and hold the Home button on your iPhone to talk to Siri. If you’re using iPhone 6s or above, you can even set up “Hey Siri” functionality Make the Most of Hands-Free "Hey Siri" on Your iPhone or iPad Make the Most of Hands-Free "Hey Siri" on Your iPhone or iPad Here's how Apple's hands-free "Hey Siri" command can make your life easier. Read More that lets you talk to Siri without even touching your phone. To talk to Google Assistant, you have to unlock your iPhone and at least tap once (even if it is to 3D Touch the app icon from your Home screen). And once you start talking to Assistant, Siri’s home field advantage just grows. If you’re like me, you use Siri to run iPhone errands for you The Master List of Every Siri Command and Question The Master List of Every Siri Command and Question Siri can do a lot for you, but did you know she could do this much? Here's an exhaustive list of commands Siri will take. Read More . Calling someone, leaving someone an iMessage, setting an alarm, opening apps, toggling settings, adding things to Reminders app Use Siri and Apple Reminders for the Best Shopping Lists Use Siri and Apple Reminders for the Best Shopping Lists Don't waste your money on a third-party app, just use Apple free iPhone and Mac apps. Read More , and so on. It’s these system-level tasks where Google Assistant doesn’t do so well or outright fails. When you ask Assistant to call someone for you, it will throw up a popup that you need to tap before it can connect the call for you. Sending an iMessage isn’t possible. Neither is setting an alarm, changing settings or controlling HomeKit accessories. You can ask Assistant to remind you about something but it won’t add it to the Reminders app — it will be stored in your Google account instead. Google Assistant Is Great for All Things Google Then what is Google Assistant actually good for? Searching for one This Cool Website Will Teach You Hundreds of Google Search Tips This Cool Website Will Teach You Hundreds of Google Search Tips Anyone can use Google search to a satisfactory degree, but if you really want to get fast and accurate results, you'll want to learn these simple but amazing tips. Read More . And because Siri integrates with Bing search, these are exactly the things Siri isn’t so good at. Whether it’s asking difficult time zone conversion questions, looking for a restaurant nearby, doing complex math, looking up trivia, or just looking at pictures of cats, Assistant does it right, almost every time. Google is also better at follow up questions and remembering the context. You can ask Google how far a city is and what’s the temperature there without repeating its name. Then there’s the extended Google apps and services family. If you’re one of those people who use Google’s suite of products on iPhone (Google Maps, Gmail, Google Calendar, Google Keep, etc.) you’ll find that Google Assistant is actually helpful. You can ask Google for directions to a place and they’ll open directly in Google Maps Waze vs. Google Maps: Which App Will Navigate Home Faster Waze vs. Google Maps: Which App Will Navigate Home Faster Waze and Google Maps are both solid navigation apps, but which one is the best? Read More . And then there are some things you don’t even need to open the specific apps for. Just tell Assistant to send a mail to one of your contacts and it’ll be drafted right there. You can also directly add events to your Google calendar from here. The same goes for adding things to your shopping list. But there are also some weird outliers. When I asked Assistant to play YouTube videos, it opened YouTube website in Safari instead of the YouTube app. I also wasn’t able to get it to play songs in Play Music 7 Cool Things You Can Do With Google Play Music 7 Cool Things You Can Do With Google Play Music In this article, we'll introduce you to some cool things you can do with Google Play Music that both beginners and veterans alike may not be aware of, but should make use of. Read More . A Note About Privacy Google Assistant records your voice and sends it to its servers. If you give it permission, it also records the location where you interacted with it. Plus, some functionality requires you to give it access to your contacts. Of course, Apple also does all of that but Apple’s privacy policy is better than Google’s. Google is known to use user’s information like their preferences and location to serve them ads. Apple encrypts the data that’s sent to their servers. If you’re all in on Google’s ecosystem, you might have accepted it as the price to pay for the convenience of the service What Does Google Know About You? Find Out and Manage Your Privacy and Security What Does Google Know About You? Find Out and Manage Your Privacy and Security For the first time, search giant Google is offering a way for you to check the information it has about you, how it is gathering that data, and new tools to start reclaiming your privacy. Read More . Or you trust Google’s privacy policy (they do encrypt your data). Rest assured that as Assistant is an app, it can’t access any of your personal details stored in the device or specific features that you don’t give it access to. If you’re not comfortable with Google accessing your location, recording your voice and the conversation data, you should stay away from the Assistant app. Should You Be Using Google Assistant on iPhone? Google Assistant isn’t a replacement for Siri on the iPhone. Overall, Google Assistant might be a better voice assistant. But on the iPhone, it can’t hold a candle to Siri. Because Siri is a default, it’s not a fair comparison. If you’re a prolific user of Google’s services, it might be worth looking into Google Assistant. Right now the iPhone app can only perform a subset of tasks compared to its Android counterpart 10 Things You Didn't Know Google Assistant Could Do 10 Things You Didn't Know Google Assistant Could Do Android's version of Siri -- Google Assistant -- is more powerful than most people realize. Read More . But it’ll only get better. For specific things like searching for answers, and interacting with Google services, it is better than Siri. But if you’re all in on Apple and use iCloud services Better Than iCloud? 6 Superior Cloud Services for Apple Users Better Than iCloud? 6 Superior Cloud Services for Apple Users In some ways, the things that make Apple such a great hardware and software company make it bad at the cloud. Read More , Google Assistant might not be that useful for you. The Future of Google Assistant Google Assistant just made its way to the iPhone and it’s only available in the U.S. right now. Broadly speaking, Assistant is still new. Until a couple of months ago, it was exclusive to Pixel devices, Google Home and Google Allo app. Google is good at making small and consistent improvements to its software (a skill Apple should learn). And Google Assistant is at the beginning of that process. In the next few months, Google Assistant will get a lot more interesting, and a lot more useful — even for iPhone users. Just like Amazon Alexa 18 Awesome New Amazon Alexa Skills You Need to Try 18 Awesome New Amazon Alexa Skills You Need to Try The Amazon Echo's list of skills is growing all the time. Let's take a look at the most useful and silliest skills from the past few months. Read More , Google will add third party developer integrations. This will open up a whole new world of interaction. Google’s augmented reality feature, Google Lens, is also coming to Google Assistant All the New Things You Can Do With Google Photos All the New Things You Can Do With Google Photos Google is adding a bunch of new features to Google Photos. All of which should help make Google Photos even more of an essential app than it is already. Read More in a couple of months. Do you find Google Assistant’s capabilities useful enough that you’ll start using it? Image Credit: Katyr via Shutterstock.com Previous PostMove Over GarageBand: Making Music With Auxy for iPhone and iPadNext PostCould Your Emoji Use Land You in Court? 1 comment Write a Comment Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Pookie May 31, 2017 at 6:09 am "Google is known to use user’s information like their preferences and location to serve them ads. Apple encrypts the data that’s sent to their servers." This quote alone should qualify you for some kind of an award. I suggest the completely clueless cup. Reply Khamosh Pathak 35 articles Khamosh Pathak is a freelance technology writer and User Experience Designer. When he's not helping people make the best of their current technology, he's helping clients design better apps and websites. In his free time, you'll find him watching comedy specials on Netflix and trying once again, to get through… Advertisement Latest Giveaways GoPro Karma Drone Review and Giveaway GoPro Karma Drone Review and Giveaway Samsung Gear 360 (2017) Review & Giveaway Samsung Gear 360 (2017) Review & Giveaway BeatsX Review & Giveaway: Apple’s Best Earphones Yet? BeatsX Review & Giveaway: Apple’s Best Earphones Yet? Advertisement Trending Android Auto vs. Apple CarPlay: Which In-Car System Is Right for You? Android Entertainment Android Auto vs. Apple CarPlay: Which In-Car System Is Right… Get More Out of Your Fitbit: 10 Android Apps You Should Be Using Android Get More Out of Your Fitbit: 10 Android Apps You… This Is Why You Should Stop Using Google Search Internet Security This Is Why You Should Stop Using Google Search Advertisement Related Articles 4 Ways Your Location Is Being Tracked Everywhere You Go Security 4 Ways Your Location Is Being Tracked Everywhere You Go Are Online DNA Testing Services Safe and Secure? Security Are Online DNA Testing Services Safe and Secure? This Is Why You Should Stop Using Google Search Internet Security This Is Why You Should Stop Using Google Search Advertisement Affiliate Disclosure: By buying the products we recommend, you help keep the lights on at MakeUseOf. Read more. Subscribe to Our Newsletter Email: Advertisement Scroll down for the next article © 2017 MakeUseOf. All Rights Reserved.
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming Huawei Competitions GPS & Sat Nav Mobile Apps Mobile Phone Accessories Mobile Phones Tablets Wearables & Fitness Trending: Nintendo Switch OnePlus 5 iPhone 7 deals Galaxy S8 LG G6 iPhone 8 Home / News / Mobile Phone News / iPhone > Your Phone? Apple goes on the offensive in bid to lure Android users iPhone > Your Phone? Apple goes on the offensive in bid to lure Android users by Chris Smith 29 May 2017 0 shares Read Comments Apple has released a series of new ‘Switch’ commercials it hopes will convince Android users to slide over to a new life on iOS with the iPhone. In the first video entitled Security, Apple attacks Android’s inability to keep out the bad guys, while Smooth hits out at perceived Android glitches. The final video, called Contacts, simply outlines how easy it is for Android users to migrate their contacts to the iPhone. Each of the ads presents a simple, short message Apple hopes will catch on as we move towards the business end of the year for the iPhone and iOS. The campaign is a definite step-up in Apple’s attempts to lure people to ‘Move to iOS’ from the rival platform. There’s even a hint of the old Mac vs PC ads in there. The company also has a well-functioning app that makes it easy to shift data from the Android platform over to a brand new iPhone. Move to iOS will transfer contacts, photos, message history, web bookmarks, mail accounts, calendars and some free apps (providing they’re available on both stores). While today’s commercials represent a more aggressive pitch from Apple, the firm failed to go for the jugular. With iOS 11 set to arrive for the vast majority of iDevice owners this year, Android Nougat is only running on around 7% of Android devices, despite its release last autumn. Are you an Android user considering the leap into enemy territory? Or are you Android for life? Share your thoughts in the comments below. Latest Deals From Ebay Apple iPhone 6 Plus - Space Gray - 16GB (AT&T) Smartphone (MGAL2LL/A) $349.99 View Item APPLE IPHONE SE 16GB 64GB GSM Worldwide GSM Unlocked Smartphone $289.99 View Item Apple iPhone 7 Plus - 128GB - Black (AT&T) Smartphone 22 bids $630.00 View Item 0 shares Read Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2017, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
Tech Apple Science Cars Nintendo Switch iPhone 7S & 8 WWDC 2017 E3 2017 Prime Day 2017     Apple Releases Three Switch Commercials Aimed At Android Users Posted: May 29 2017, 1:12pm CDT | by Luigi Lugmayr, Updated: May 30 2017, 2:55am CDT, in News | Apple     The Apple Switch campaign continues with three new TV ads. Apple has not forgotten that there are people out there using Android phones. Today Apple released three new TV commercials promoting Apple's Switch campaign. Don't Miss: Find a Nintendo NES Classic in stock The three very simplistic 15 seconds ads promote the iPhone has more secure, faster and that the iOS app makes it simple to move contacts, photos, and more from an Android phone to iPhone. Watch the three new commercials below. Apple has released two ads a week ago in the same style about music and photos. The ads wants viewers to visit the apple.com/switch site. The site answers questions like " Will it be easy to switch to iPhone?" and "Is the camera as good as they say?" and "Why is iPhone so fast?" The next iPhone will be marking the 10th anniversary of the iPhone. Without the iPhone, Apple would not in any way as big as the company is today. Apple is rumored to release the iPhone 8 this fall along with the iPhone 7S. The iPhone 8 is has begun to leak. The edge-to-edge design with vertical dual camera setup is making the rounds as CAD files and dummies. This story may contain affiliate links. Comments The Author Luigi Lugmayr Luigi Lugmayr (Google+) is the founding chief Editor of I4U News and brings over 15 years experience in the technology field to the ever evolving and exciting world of gadgets. He started I4U News back in 2000 and evolved it into vibrant technology magazine. Luigi can be contacted directly at ml@i4u.com.     Advertisement Latest News Apple is developing an AI chipset named Apple Neural Engine 9 hours ago, 12:00pm CDT WWDC application now showing more information about the event 9 hours ago, 11:58am CDT iOS 10.3.1 Jailbreak august release finalized for iPhone 7, iPhone 6, iPad Air and iPad Mini 9 hours ago, 11:53am CDT Popular and useful iOS 10 jailbreak tweaks for you 10 hours ago, 11:51am CDT Apple to Use Intel Chips Instead of Qualcomm for iPhone 8 2 days ago, 10:17am CDT Top Science Stories of the Week 3 hours ago, 6:29pm CDT Ancient Sloth Fossil Unearthed at Subway Excavation Site in Los Angeles 7 hours ago, 2:05pm CDT Rare Corpse Flowers Bloomed in Chicago 13 hours ago, 8:34am CDT Curiosity Rover Finds Ancient Mars Lake was Able to Support Diverse Microbial Life 18 hours ago, 3:10am CDT UNESCO Seriously Concerned over the World’s Largest Coral Reef System Die-off 1 day ago, 1:53pm CDT New Unique Material can lead to Unbreakable Smartphones 1 day ago, 5:39am CDT Nintendo Switch Available for Purchase at GameStop in Five New Bundles 1 day ago, 4:09am CDT Hundreds of Massive Craters Discovered in Arctic Seafloor 1 day ago, 2:08am CDT ‘WatchBox by Govberg’ App a Timely Father’s Day Find 2 days ago, 8:02pm CDT 7 Useful Summer Solutions 2 days ago, 7:26pm CDT Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Featured News Nintendo Switch is Playable after 1,000 feet Drop WWDC 2017 Could be Huge   Nintendo Switch: The Tracker App Had Its First Big Run Lego Nasa Apollo Saturn V Set in Stock on Amazon Apple Apple is developing an AI chipset named Apple Neural Engine 9 hours ago, 12:00pm CDT WWDC application now showing more information about the event 9 hours ago, 11:58am CDT iOS 10.3.1 Jailbreak august release finalized for iPhone 7, iPhone 6, iPad Air and iPad Mini 9 hours ago, 11:53am CDT Popular and useful iOS 10 jailbreak tweaks for you 10 hours ago, 11:51am CDT More Apple Stories Latest News Top Science Stories of the Week 3 hours ago, 6:29pm CDT Ancient Sloth Fossil Unearthed at Subway Excavation Site in Los Angeles 7 hours ago, 2:05pm CDT Apple is developing an AI chipset named Apple Neural Engine 9 hours ago, 12:00pm CDT WWDC application now showing more information about the event 9 hours ago, 11:58am CDT More Latest News News by Section Technology News Apple News Science News Celebrity News Movie News Car News Business News Political News Sport News TV Show News Also on the Geek Mind Advertising News Black Friday 2017 Cyber Monday 2017 Holiday Gifts 2017 CES 2017 Super Bowl 2017 Ads About I4U News I4U News is daily News site for the Geek Mind. Expect the latest technology news including the juiciest rumors. Stay up to date with the biggest discoveries in science. Other featured news topics include cars, celebrities, movies and more. Read more. Trending Nintendo Switch Online Deals NES Classic in Stock Updates E3 2017 About Us | Privacy Policy | Submit News Tips © Copyright by I4U LLC 2017 Follow Us Click to Receive I4U News via Email
Cities Austin Dallas Houston San Antonio Fort Worth City Guide Events Video Restaurants + Bars Entertainment Arts Society Sports City Life Fashion + Beauty Real Estate Home + Design Innovation Travel Cities Austin Dallas Houston San Antonio Fort Worth GO GO Restaurants + Bars THE LATEST Frenchy's on the Move Iconic fried chicken restaurant plans move as historic church expands By Eric Sandler What's Eric Eating Episode 6 Podcast tackles the Riel thing along with restaurant news of the week By CultureMap Staff Jonathan's The Rub Expands Memorial restaurant fave plans to expand to hot mixed-use development By Eric Sandler SPONSORED BY Entertainment THE LATEST The best of FPSF Top 11 must-see music acts at Free Press Summer Fest By Johnston Farrow Movie Review Gal Gadot shines as Wonder Woman but movie is not Marvel-ous By Alex Bentley When You Get Lost Between The Moon an... Christopher Cross dishes on Seinfeld moment and all those Grammys By Ken Hoffman SPONSORED BY Arts THE LATEST Great Day for MFAH 'Now the real fun starts' after MFAH breaks ground on new building By Clifford Pugh The Review Is In Houston Ballet's puzzling The Tempest overwhelms and underwhelms By Joseph Campana Homelands and Histories New MFAH photography exhibition brings lost homelands to Houston By Tarra Gaines SPONSORED BY Society THE LATEST Tee up for charity Young professionals tee off and score big for counseling center By Georgie Ferrell Mother Day Soiree International Soiree celebrates with Bollywood glamour, dazzling gowns By Clifford Pugh Audrey Hepburn Society Ball Michael Bolton, Angie Harmon show love and tenderness for UNICEF ball By Marcy de Luna SPONSORED BY Sports THE LATEST Third times the NBA charm Titanic Trilogy: What to look for in Cavs-Warriors NBA Finals matchup By Craig Larson Jr. Ken Hoffman Live At the ballpark with Reid Ryan: Astros prez makes pitch to millennials By Ken Hoffman It's a Home run Astros stars take night off from baseball to team up for kids, canines By Marcy de Luna SPONSORED BY City Guide THE LATEST Entertainment Zoya Tommy Contemporary Restaurants Il Mascalzone - Shepherd Shops American Apparel SPONSORED BY Events THE LATEST 6.4.17 | 9:00 am The Houston Museum of Natural Science presents Wildlife Photographer of the Year closing day 6.4.17 | 9:00 am VStar Entertainment presents Discover the Dinosaurs Unleashed 6.4.17 | 10:00 am The 15th Annual Spring Home & Garden Show The Woodlands SPONSORED BY Subscribe City Life THE LATEST This Week's Hot Headlines Restaurant drama and free summer fun lead this week's top stories By Eric Sandler Sunny forecast for Snow Pethouse Pet of Week: Snow looks at Kathy Griffin future, Astros past By Ken Hoffman Keep on Truckin’ Everyone really is moving to Houston, according to this report By John Egan SPONSORED BY Fashion + Beauty THE LATEST Unique Perspective Cannes-do designer is new fave of Hollywood crowd and Texas women By Georgie Ferrell International Collaboration Pop-up tea party celebrates fashion collaboration with flamingo spirit By Clifford Pugh Looking Good Finally! Eyeglass favorite Warby Parker has plans for The Heights By Eric Sandler SPONSORED BY Real Estate THE LATEST On the Market Celeb chef's Houston home is made for entertaining in style By Clifford Pugh First-Timer Friendly 2 Texas cities land on list of 10 best for first-time homebuyers By Lindsey Wilson Bigger and Better Central Market makeover: Olive oil is the new wine in foodie heaven By Clifford Pugh SPONSORED BY Home + Design THE LATEST Green Thumb 6 expert ways to save on your garden renovation By Lauren Dunec Hoang, Houzz Stars of Design Stars of design honored amid trendy talk at Decorative Center Market By Clifford Pugh Houston Home Tour Modern architecture honors Hindu heritage for three generations By John Hill, Houzz SPONSORED BY Innovation THE LATEST Love Where You Work Houston hospital giants rank high on list of nation's best employers By Nicole Raney Booze News Boozy new delivery service launches in Houston By Nicole Raney A Growing Market Medical marijuana reaches Texas milestone with three growers selected By John Egan SPONSORED BY Travel THE LATEST Traveling Texas The ultimate guide to the 10 best places to camp across Texas By Lauramay LaChance Lackluster Landmark? Legendary San Antonio landmark dissed as worst tourist trap in Texas By John Egan Really, it's true No need to leave town: Houston is one of nation's best vacation spots By Clifford Pugh SPONSORED BY Video CM Events Home » City Life Insect Alert Houston feels bite of ranking among 10 worst US cities for mosquitoes This week's hot headlines Caswell's new restaurant, Denton Cooley's mansion rank as top stories LATEST NEWS Long John Silver's Homestyle Buttermilk Cod serves up Southern comfort The Best things in Life Here are 18 totally free things to do in Houston this summer Here are 18 totally free things to do in Houston this summer By Lauramay LaChance 5.29.17 | 1:07 pm If it gets too warm to sunbathe on the Menil Collection lawn, you can always go inside (with a coverup). The museum, open Wednesday through Sunday, is always free. Tumblr If you know where to look, you can find some pretty amazing things to do for free in Houston. Any day of the week you can watch the bat colony takeoff at sunset at the Waugh Drive Bridge or explore the 7,800 acres of George Bush Park in west Houston. Get a run in along Buffalo Bayou (with killer city photo ops) and let the kids press the big red button to make the bayou burp. You can spend your afternoon soaking up the sun at one of the many free public beaches in Galveston or escape the heat and get lost in a good read at Becker's Books, Murder By The Book, or any of Houston's other independent bookstores. Wander past the uber cool Beer Can House or stroll down the Kemah Boardwalk for Instagram-worthy views of Clear Lake and Galveston Bay. And for cultural excitement, check out the hidden murals throughout the city on a self-guided tour (with the help of this map). The city is bursting with things to do. Here are 18 free things you should check out in H-Town this summer, from unique date night ideas to yoga and fitness classes, and even ways to keep your kids learning during their summer break. 1. Send Your Kid to Apple Camp Yes, really. The Apple Store actually has a camp for kids, ages 8-12, where they can get creative with hands-on digital projects with the help of Apple experts. These three-day, 90-minute Apple Camps tend to fill up quickly so register early. 2. Play Bar Trivia with Geeks Who Drink With a name like Geeks Who Drink, you know their trivia game is legit. This Denver-based group has actual "quizmasters" who create their unique bar trivia questions. Games are hosted at different bars and breweries like the Barking Pig, Little Woodrow’s, and Town and City Brewing Company, among dozens of others and played in fun-loving, smack-talking kind of way. And of course there’s competition, so bring your friends, preferably your quick-thinking friends. 3. Tour a Local Brewery Aspiring brew masters and hopheads, head to your nearest brewery in town to get schooled on things like how to incorporate new ingredients into your brew and why some styles have more alcohol content over others. Of the 20 or so breweries in Houston, you can find a handful that offer free brewery tours like these: 8th Wonder Brewery Karbach Brewing Co Platypus Brewing 4. Splash Away at Schlitterbahn Waterpark In celebration of American Heroes Week, 5/29 – 6/4, all Military, Police, Firefighters and EMT’s will have free admission to Schlitterbahn Waterpark in Galveston. And yes, Schlitterbahn is for adults as much as it is for kids.  5. Explore the Unusual Underground Cistern From an underground drinking water reservoir (built in 1926) to an underground public space that hosts changing art installations, the Cistern is a highly unusual space that gets a lot of attention. Spanning 87,500-square-feet underground including 25-foot tall, slender concrete columns set row upon row, hovering over two inches of water on the reservoir’s floor. It’s absolutely stunning and the changing art installations use the space as part of their exhibit. It’s free on Thursdays but you still need to reserve a ticket, as space is limited. 6. Watch Movies Under the Stars Well it’s not a drive-in theater but it’s kind of the same idea minus the cars. Grab a blanket, pack your snacks and relax under the stars while watching some of your favorite stars on the big screen. These pop-movie movie spots are appearing all of over Houston. Alamo Drafthouse Rolling Roadshow presents movies under the stars at the historic Market Square on select Wednesday’s this summer showing movies like Dirty Dancing and Almost Famous. For family-friendly movies, head to the Discovery Green on select Saturday nights for movies like Secret Life of Pets, Ghostbusters and “Finding Dory.” Or check out movies at Sugar Land Town Square, also on Saturday nights featuring Pete’s Dragon and Moana. 7. Go for a Sunday Ride with Bayou Bikers The first Sunday of every month, Bayou Bikers meet up at Market Square and go for a 25-to-40 mile bike ride. Leave your road bike or cruiser at home as these bayou-exploring rides are best for mountain bikes and fat tire bikes. 8. Experience an Epic Sunset Light Show  Head to the campus of Rice University at sunrise or sunset to check out the largest sky space created by world-renowned artist James Turrell. By staring up through a 14-by-14-foot opening to the sky, you are surrounded by colors being projected via lights onto the building's ceiling. As the sky changes, so do the gradients of color on the ceiling, making you feel as though you are in a dream. With music that changes based on the sky patterns, the experience is always unique, integrating nature and technology. Free to view but reservations are required. 9. Learn the Circus Art A fitness style that is becoming all the rage, Circus Arts focuses on ground arts and acrobatics such as, low tight wire, partner acrobatics, contortion/flexibility, juggling and hand balancing. These Tuesday night classes are taught on the Hess Patio at Discovery Green and run through the end of June. The instructors are from Cique le Vie, a Houston Contemporary Circus company and you must be 13 and up to participate. 10. Cruise Around the City With Hundreds of Other Bicyclists Critical Mass takes places on the last Friday of every month, where bicyclists around the world meet up to pedal through their city. Houston’s Critical Mass meets up at the historic Market Square and rolls off sometime around 7:15 pm. It’s an absolute blast and a great way to meet new people. 11. Free Yoga but BYOM From sunrise to sunset on Labor Day, participating yoga studios across Houston and the nation offer free yoga classes for the Free Day of Yoga. This is a great time to try yoga for the first time or even just a new class and instructor.  If you don't want to wait until the end of the summer, here’s a list of a few additional places to choose from now: Athleta in Rice Village (there are other locations but this locations offers the most options) Discovery Green on Saturday mornings from 9 – 10 Lululemon in The Galleria and Highland Village Sugar Land Town Square 12. Spot Dolphins from the Galveston Island Ferry There’s no need to pay for a dolphin-watching tour when you can spot these adorable mammals from the Galveston Island Ferry on its way to Port Bolivar Peninsula. Seems like a random thing to do, but it’s free and the beaches on the peninsula are less crowded than on Galveston Island. Bring your car or walk on the ferry. 13. Writer’s Workshop for Kids Limited to 25 students on a first-come, first-served basis, this is Houston’s only free writing workshop for kids. On every Saturday in the summer at the Houston Public Library’s HPL Express, kids can learn how to express their thoughts and develop their language skills. 14.  Free Day at the Museum You’ll be happy to learn that some museums are actually free every day in Houston and others are free on specific days like first Thursday.  Here's a detailed list of the free museums. Bank of America card holders get free admission to over 100 museums in the nation as part of the "Museums on Us" program on the first full weekend of every month. In Houston, those museums are the Children's Museum of Houston and the Museum of Fine Arts Houston.  15. Skip the Gym and  Get Fit Outside Why buy an expensive gym membership when you can sample workout classes all around town? We’re not talking about a class pass either as there are tons of free workout classes throughout the city everyday.  And while it might get pretty toasty outside during the summer in Houston, look at it this way: You’ll be sweating more and burning more calories. Among the classes: Athleta Stores: Three locations and various classes throughout the week City Centre Running Club every Monday night Discovery Green: Hoop Dance - Sundays at 10:30 am Bumba Toning - Mondays at 6:30 pm Circus Arts - Tuesdays at 5:30 pm Yoga - Tuesdays at 6:30 pm Zumba - Wednesdays at 6:30 pm Parkour - Thursdays at 6:30 pm Yoga - Saturday at 9 am 16. Shake Things Up For Date Night Remix your Friday night date plans with a little dancing under the stars in the Plaza at Sugar Land Town Square. Dance instructors from the Fred Astaire Dance Studio will be there to show you a few new dance moves if you’re feeling adventurous. 17. Houston LGBT Pride Celebration The Houston LGBT Pride Festival and Pride Parade are at the center of the celebration with an attendance of over 700,000 people from all over the world. Taking place in downtown Houston on June 24 at noon, this festival is free and open to the public. No tickets are necessary unless you want to access the VIP areas. The parade kicks off that night when temperatures have cooled off a bit. 18. Boat Tour of the Port of Houston Set sail on a free 90-minute boat tour of the Port of Houston. You’ll learn about the history of the seaport and see massive ocean freighters and barges navigate the 50-mile channel. The MV Sam Houston has been giving tours of Port Houston since its inaugural voyage on July 30, 1958 and has welcomed over 2 million visitors. The tour is free but reservations are required. Read These Next Pethouse Pet of Week: Snow looks at Kathy Griffin future, Astros past Everyone really is moving to Houston, according to this report Top 11 must-see music acts at Free Press Summer Fest Pethouse Pet of Week: Snow looks at Kathy Griffin future, Astros past Everyone really is moving to Houston, according to this report Top 11 must-see music acts at Free Press Summer Fest Comments Latest News Trending Now Houston trails San Antonio on list of best cities for basketball fans Restaurant drama and free summer fun lead this week's top stories Celeb chef's Houston home is made for entertaining in style Iconic fried chicken restaurant plans move as historic church expands Pethouse Pet of Week: Snow looks at Kathy Griffin future, Astros past See All Latest News > Memorial restaurant fave plans to expand to hot mixed-use development H-Town's best party planners, florists, caterers, venues on elite list... Here are 18 totally free things to do in Houston this summer Pethouse Pet of Week: Snow looks at Kathy Griffin future, Astros past 'Homegrown' burger chain closes both Houston locations 4/18 How this modern Houston high-rise is redefining apartment living 5/17 Where to Eat Right Now: 11 of spring's best new Houston restaurants 4/25 10 new H-Town restaurants with spectacular patios for outdoor dining 3/23 Nine new crawfish options you won't want to miss, plus classic faves Home | About Us | News Tips & Suggestions | Submit An Event | Advertise | Jobs | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy © 2017 CultureMap LLC. All Rights Reserved. We will not share or sell your email address Newsletters for exploring your city Please verify your e-mail by following the link we just sent you. Look for an e-mail from CultureMap <mailer@culturemap.co>
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures Discounts My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak predicts TESLA will create the next 'next big thing' in technology Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak says Tesla is now headed in the 'best direction' He says firm puts 'effort into very risky things' to create breakthrough products Wozniak says self-driving cars are the 'most obvious' moonshot right now   By Cheyenne Macdonald For Dailymail.com Published: 14:35 EDT, 29 May 2017 | Updated: 14:42 EDT, 29 May 2017 e-mail 27 shares 50 View comments Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak has opened up on what he thinks could be the next technological ‘moonshot’ – and it’s not Apple. According to Wozniak, Tesla is now the company that’s moving in the ‘best direction,’ as they continue to ‘put an awful lot of effort into very risky things.’ The tech giant says the firm’s ‘off the wall’ approach is paving the way for products that optimize both performance and elegance. Scroll down for video  Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak (pictured) has opened up on what he thinks could be the next technological ‘moonshot’ – and it’s not Apple. According to Wozniak, Tesla is now the company that’s moving in the ‘best direction’ ROBOTS WILL MAKE TESLA AS BIG AS APPLE, MUSK SAYS  Musk said his company's success in the coming decade would 'heavily involve Tesla going at the machine that builds the machine'. Musk is referring to automated manufacturing technologies that will produce the Tesla 3 model. The company will be rolling out three more production lines including one in the New United Motor Manufacturing, Inc (NUMMI) factory in Fremont in California is projected to build 100,000 more cars every year. The Tesla boss believes this mechanised production will be more profitable than the overseas contact that Apple uses to manufacture goods.  In a recent interview with Bloomberg, Wozniak explained that self-driving cars are ‘probably the biggest, most obvious moonshot,’ at the moment. The technology, he said, could ‘hugely’ change our lives. And, when asked who might bring about the next breakthrough technology, Wozniak says his bet is on Tesla. ‘I don’t know, I think Tesla is on the best direction right now,’ Wozniak said. ‘They put an awful lot of effort into very risky things,’ he said, pointing to electric cars and self-driving cars as example. ‘Everybody needs transportation in our human life,’ Wozniak said. ‘So ideas of boring holes underground to get around traffic problems in big cities, ideas of the Hyperloop to accelerate traffic without having to take airplane flights. ‘So I’m going to bet on Tesla – so many of these off the wall different directions, and they start with a car.’ RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Scientists spot 'potentially habitable' super-Earth planet... The incredible selfie AI that can turn you into a talking... Say goodbye to your day: The interactive fidget spinner you... Cities should reduce the impact of global warming by... Share this article Share 27 shares According to Wozniak, Tesla’s cars – in particular, the Model S – are built around Elon Musk’s ideal, making for technology that’s simple, efficient, and ‘beautiful.’ Elon Musk has come under fire in recent months for his plans to bore tunnels beneath Los Angeles. But, Musk has hit back, publishing a FAQ on the company website outlining how the ‘Boring Company’ plans to achieve his vision. 'The key to making this work is increasing tunneling speed and dropping costs by a factor of 10 or more – this is the goal of the Boring Company,' it says. 'Unlike flying cars, tunnels are weatherproof, out of sight and won't fall on your head,' it explains. 'I think Tesla is on the best direction right now,’ Wozniak said. According to Wozniak, Tesla’s cars – in particular, the Model S – are built around Elon Musk’s ideal, making for technology that’s simple, efficient, and ‘beautiful’  MUSK OUTLINES BORING PLAN Elon Musk has outlined how his Boring Company will work, claiming:  -Tunneling costs must be reduced by a factor of more than 10 -Key to this is smaller tunnels that can be dug more quickly  -Will work to increase the speed of the Tunnel Boring Machine  -Envisions a new breed of smaller, more powerful TBMs with triple the power of current machines that can tunnel continuously 'A large network of road tunnels many levels deep would fix congestion in any city, no matter how large it grew (just keep adding levels)' Musk recently revealed it has begun work on its first tunnel beneath Los Angeles, which will stretch from LAX to Sherman Oaks when complete. It came just six months after Musk first revealed his radical plan to beat LA's notorious gridlock. Now, the entry hole, staging area, and starting tunnel for the first Boring Machine, 'Godot,' is complete, Musk says. Read more: Apple Co-Founder Wozniak on the Next Big Moonshots - Bloomberg Share or comment on this article e-mail 27 shares Most watched News videos Man boots scooter rider while being arrested by the police Stunning footage of old cargo ship sunk in the 1940s Caravan dangerously sways and blocks dual carriageway Heart-stopping moment van driver pushes motorist into fast lane Heart-stopping moment lorry pushes car across motorway John Noakes attempts to climb the mast of HMS Ganges in 1967 Road rage pair kung-fu fight in middle of traffic jam in Malaga Dash cam of woman hitting a biker before her car crashes Giant octopus makes desperate bid to escape aquarium Dramatic footage shows huge brawl at drinking spot in Newcastle New video shows US intercepting fake nuke in flight test Cheeky monkey pulls on woman's shirt as she tries to take picture Kenya FINALLY replaces the 'Lunatic Line' built by the... Mini? No, Trident: The dinky 'flying saucer' bubble car... Gentlemen, start your engines! Fascinating photographs... Medal won by RAF hero for driving 200 miles behind enemy... French police seize almost £1million worth of Ferraris... Residents slam Jeremy Clarkson and co for closing off... Classic E-Type Jaguar found in a barn could fetch £60,000... Grand Reformation: Tudor palace visited by Henry VIII is... Feminist writer attacks the Beatles’ Sgt Pepper for... As the world teeters on the brink of a new Cold War,... Conman banned from every restaurant in Oxford for fooling... Scooter rider being held by police gets swift kick in the... Ships are warned to steer clear as 'hazardous materials'... Car boot seller who sparked outrage by hanging NAZI flag... Oh Dr Beeching! Railway line ripped up in the 'Beeching... Ex-BAE Systems employee 'who got a job with a fake... Feminist group strips naked and forms a pile of bodies... Amazing footage shows moment wildebeest PLAYS DEAD to... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 50 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. We are no longer accepting comments on this article. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read Secrets of the Thirty Years' War soldiers exposed: Mass grave of 47 men who died in battle 400 years ago... Shimmering lights spotted near 'Britain's UFO capital' spark rumours of another extra-terrestrial sighting San Diego's Rose Canyon fault is MORE dangerous than thought and could trigger a massive earthquake that... What's inside the 'pit of Mars'? Satellites spot strange 'Swiss cheese' area of the red planet next to a... 'They were hauling a big creature': New footage reveals what Deputy Sheriff said he saw at Roswell, in UFO... MIT scientists say Trump misrepresented their work and didn't check with them when he said Paris climate... The instantly rechargeable battery that could revolutionize electric cars (and mean you'll never have to sit... The 'kill vehicle' that could blast North Korea's missiles out of the sky: Pentagon fast tracks $260m... Siri set to get supercharged as Apple declares war on Amazon's Alexa US Army reveals Cold War Stinger anti aircraft missile will be used to shoot down DRONES in battle against... Want to buy sexy clothes? It might be in your hormones: Women are more inclined to buy raunchy outfits in... LA train tunnel diggers find fossilised hip bone of giant 1,500 pound sloth that roamed the area 11,000... US Navy reveals mini drone that can scour a beach for mines before Marines land What it's like to fly over Jupiter: Astronomers turn just 36 of NASA'S Juno images into a stunning movie Would YOU ride the world's fastest elevator? Chinese skyscraper visitors hit record-breaking speed of 47 mph MORE HEADLINES MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Bradley Cooper is seen cradling his newborn daughter Lea De Seine during stroll with Irina Shayk in LA Young family  Bella Hadid slips her impressively slim figure into racy cut-out swimsuit as she smoulders in another high profile sports campaign Miley Cyrus praises 'role model' Ariana Grande as she puts on a leggy performance at inspiring One Love fundraiser Touching words  'I misjudged you': Piers Morgan apologizes to 'admirable' Ariana Grande and praises her  after criticizing her for jetting home following Manchester attack What a pair! Kendall Jenner and Hailey Baldwin show off their trim figures in leggings in NYC Both the models dressed down  Dressed to the nines! The First couples Ivanka and Jared and Donald and Melania turn heads in their black-tie attire as they head to the Ford's Theatre Gala   'Olivia wouldn't want you to cry. She'd have wanted to hear the hits': Tearful Adriana Grande reveals inspirational message mother of bombing victim  Ariana Grande sparks confusion by sporting dazzling rock on her left hand... as she is supported by boyfriend Mac Miller onstage at Manchester tribute  'Happy Sunday everybody!!' Jennifer Lopez shares Instagram snap with Alex Rodriguez and children in pool Everyone is smiling  Curves ahead! Courtney Stodden reveals her bountiful bosom as she shimmies in LBD during racy video She's an expert at posting sensual selfies 'Grow up!': Kim Kardashian RIPS Caitlyn Jenner's new memoir... as Kourtney claims Bruce borrowed money from her in KUWTK teaser Hoping to join her? Hailey Baldwin flaunts toned tum in an Adidas sports bra... days after gal pal Kendall Jenner is named brand ambassador 'Cut her legs off, she crawls right back to me': Tyga seemingly mocks ex Kylie Jenner in new single Playboy Appears to take aim at the natural beauty Putting in the work! Hot and sweaty Kaley Cuoco is red-faced as she leaves LA gym after Sunday workout session Wiped off the sweat from her face  Keeping the faith! Selena Gomez keeps it casual in a hoodie and cropped jeans as she attends trendy Hillsong Church NYC Attended a service  That's a stretch! Bethenny Frankel, 46, bends over backwards while showing off fit bod in new yoga photo Clearly enjoys showing off her workouts Booty-ful moves! Iggy Azalea shows off her stunning figure in red leotard while writhing onstage at awards show in Mexico City All eyes on her  Forget something? Bella Thorne wears most daring look yet as she flaunts chest by going BRALESS under sheer top while out in LA Beyonce's daughter Blue Ivy 'will watch her mother give birth to twins so she doesn't feel left out' Unconventional parenting Dirty girl! Emily Ratajkowski allows a female friend to put mud on her bare bottom during trip to hot springs while enjoying Italian vacation Making them green with envy! Cynthia Nixon, 51, cuts a chic figure in lime frock at Drama Desk Awards Started off the red carpet in style Siren... with a heart! Ariel Winter models white tank top as she speaks out against testing on animals Modern Family star is a staunch activist  'As a father, this has made me truly sad': David Beckham pays tribute to his 'home' of Manchester as he sends poignant video message to One Love concert Fergie spends family time in LA as Black Eyed Peas rock One Love Manchester without her Wowed the crowd with their hit Where Is The Love? Genetically blessed family! Fergie rocks all-black outfit as she and Josh Duhamel take son Axl, three, to church Fergie, 42, looked super in black skinny jeans  'I've got an emotional depth greater than two years ago': Hunger Games star Sam Claflin reveals fatherhood made him a better actor Life changing  Justin Bieber is brought to tears as emotional One Love Manchester gig cracks his tough exterior onstage Touching scenes Holding on to her man! Makeup-free Milla Jovovich is chic in big glasses as she giggles with husband Paul W.S. Anderson Resident Evil star Coldplay's Chris Martin is brought to his knees in emotionally-charged duet of Don't Look Back In Anger with Ariana Grande at Manchester gig 'Barn life': Kristin Cavallari slips into her Daisy Dukes as she takes her family to feed chickens in the country Lifestyle mogul's had a day out  Showing her stripes (and abs): Single Olivia Munn flaunts her impressive stomach in crop top at LAX Showing off her stunning figure Dressed to the nines! Ivanka Trump looks stunning in a red gown as she heads to the Ford's Theatre Gala hand-in-hand with Jared Looked regal  'Love conquers fear and love conquers hate': Katy Perry sends a poignant message as she dresses in angelic all-white at One Love Manchester concert 'First official pool day!': Katherine Heigl matches her swimsuit to her lawn umbrella as she enjoys a relaxing Sunday with husband Josh Parents to two girls  Khloe Kardashian jets out of LA as her basketball beau Tristan Thompson prepares for big game in Oakland Reality star radiated glamour and celebrity Hollywood's most eligible single! Jennifer Garner looks lovely as she takes baked goods to church... after it's claimed Affleck is already 'dating' Cleaning up his act? Freshly shaven Tiger Woods is pictured for the first time since he was arrested for DUI while 'on four prescription pills' 'I had so much anxiety': Kim Zolciak reveals coping with son's ferocious dog attack got to her as she takes her family on bikini vacation Can enjoy some time off Hilar-ious: Hilary Duff rocks geek chic glasses while having a laugh with a friend after brunch in New York City Is on a break from shooting Younger  Back to the family! Scott Disick enjoys Calabasas outing with Mason and Penelope... after partying with bikini babes in Europe He's had his hands full  Back to school! Katie Holmes says she's 'excited' about having enrolled in Harvard University's Business Of Entertainment program It's never too late  Where.Am.I? Bungling Black Eyed Pea Will.i.am forgets what city he's in at Manchester terror concert as he greets crowd by saying 'What's up London?'  Pippa Middleton's brother-in-law Spencer Matthews enjoys a laidback weekend with friends... while his girlfriend Vogue Williams is in Spain  Liam Gallagher makes surprise appearance at Ariana Grande's One Love concert in Manchester but fans are disappointed brother Noel does not join him  Pippa Middleton and James Matthews return to civilization after three days spotting crocodiles and kangaroos at a 'luxury wild bush' resort in Australia  Underwear-free Lindsay Lohan dazzles in a thigh-skimming gold dress as she celebrates socialite BFF Hofit Golan's birthday Turned heads in London They made a pretty girl! Daughter of Eddie Murphy and Nicole looks stunning in white as she hits Women Of Excellence Awards Gala in LA 'F*** them all': Alec Baldwin defends Kathy Griffin on Twitter and  insists 'no one believes you intended to threaten Trump' What happened to her lips? Khloe Kardashian shows off a massive pout as she stuns in Snapchat image taken in her car A hair-raising look! Gwen Stefani steps out in bizarre cropped trench coat with tulle finish for church trip with her kids Quirky look  They could be sisters! Reese Witherspoon glows in floral dress as she poses next to 'best friend forever' Shannon Rotenberg Stunning blondes  How Cary Grant took acid to get over his issues with women: Famed actor took 100 LSD pills over the course of THREE YEARS to counter his struggles Former Knicks coach Derek Fisher is arrested for DUI in LA after crashing his car with Basketball Wives star girlfriend Gloria Govan in the passenger seat Legs out for The Weeknd! Selena Gomez oozes sex appeal in two clingy thigh-skimming dresses as she enjoys night out in New York Enviable figure  Kendall Jenner reveals a little TOO much as she goes braless in a semi-sheer corset dress while strolling through New York Grabbed attention  'Men and religion are worthless': Bette Midler speaks out as stars from Ariana Grande to Khloe Kardashian support London terror attack victims Beyonce's daughter Blue Ivy 'will watch her mother give birth to twins so she doesn't feel left out' She is expecting twins in the coming weeks  'Take a picture while we joking': Jay Z caught faking candid photo with Kevin Hart... but comedian insists 'it came out dope as hell' The graduate! Eva Longoria receives honorary degree from Knox College... then treats herself to a Dairy Queen dessert Ariana Grande's brother Frankie meets with fans as he arrives at Old Trafford cricket ground ahead of the star-studded benefit concert  Love is blind! Single KUWTK star Jonathan Cheban wears statement shirt in Beverly Hills after splitting from Anat Popovsky last year Spanish fashion designer David Delfin dies at age 46 after battle with cancer Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy was one of the first to pay tribute  Bonding time! Ashley Benson and Shay Mitchell match in black as they enjoy girls' night out with Pretty Little Liars creator while leaving Craig's Princess Charlene exudes glamor in scarlet lipstick as she turns out to support Lycra-clad husband Prince Albert for his water bike challenge  Mommy and me! Minnie Driver goes makeup-free with stylish hat as she takes her son Henry shopping in Malibu Bradley Cooper and Irina Shayk leave the baby at home for a low-key date night in Santa Monica The pair went incognito for a romantic evening  Eric Dane makes first public appearance after break to cope with depression as he joins wife Rebecca Gayheart and kids at Chrysalis Ball Happy anniversary! Lindsay Price and Curtis Stone beam at Chrysalis Ball as they prepare to celebrate four years of marriage She has a sizzling Ora about her! Rita sends temperatures soaring as she flaunts her cleavage and toned waist in skimpy bikinis for VERY saucy shoot His biggest fan! Gavin Rossdale, 51, is supported by stunning new love interest Sophie Thomalla, 27, as he rocks out on stage in Las Vegas Prince Harry tucks into a traditional iftar feast of porridge and dates with young Singaporeans to celebrate the breaking of the fast during Ramadan 'Today was a good day': Former Bachelorette Trista Sutter posts loved-up snap with husband Ryan after suffering a scary seizure in Croatia Penny Lancaster, 47, shows off her famous model figure in a thigh-skimming crochet dress as she soaks up the sun on a yacht with husband Rod Stewart, 72 PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Welcome to my world! Taylor Swift and Joe Alwyn enjoy their morning coffee as she takes him home to Nashville 'Internet shopping like a self-pity fiend': Lena Dunham reveals how she's coping after endometriosis treatment as she's spotted in her PAJAMAS Pirates of the Caribbean star Kaya Scodelario 'REFUSES to pay for sick grandmother in Brazil as family label her actions unforgivable' Crocodile safaris, kangaroo for dinner and only wallabies for company: Inside Pippa Middleton and James Matthews' remote luxury outback love nest 'Missing my pink hair!': Kylie Jenner shares flashback photo with a snake... after sister Kendall possibly outed the teen as a smoker Hidden message? 'People can't tell us apart!' Kim Zolciak, 39, admonishes Brielle, 20, after she jokes her mom 'looks 40' Brielle Biermann incited the wrath of her mom Giggly Keri Russell glows in a summery peplum skirt and white top as she attends Polo event with long-term partner Matthew Rhys Loved-up couple  Girls' vacation! Kourtney Kardashian opens up her photo album as she shares flashback snaps from roadtrip with Kim and Khloe Still going strong! Balthazar Getty poses with wife Rosetta and kids at Chrysalis Ball... as it's been nearly 10 years since Sienna Miller affair Kate Beckinsale keeps it casual in tight black leggings as she showcases her svelte physique Rumored to be getting cozy with Jon Hamm  Sheer madness! Joanna Krupa reveals her toned stomach in body hugging black gown Turned heads on the red carpet  Girl done good! Natalie Portman 'snaps up $6.5million four bedroom Santa Barbara mansion with 10.4 acres of land and stunning views of the Pacific' Teen Mom star Farrah Abraham sports long blonde hair as she spends the day with her daughter Sophia Had a big day in the Big Apple  Braless Lottie Moss shows off her model figure in a plunging floral knotted crop top and matching shorts as she lunches with her mother in London ABS-olutely fabulous! Braless Miley Cyrus highlights her svelte figure in crop top with shorts and denim jacket Flashed her flat stomach in a white crop top Liam Payne, 23, reveals he and girlfriend Cheryl, 33, plan to expand family... as he admits fatherhood has made him a 'changed man' GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Pippa's new husband breaks with tradition by donning a wedding ring James, 41, has donned a gold band to show his devotion  Scott Disick, 34, cuddles up to topless Australian model, 21, as he enjoys a raucous evening with woman number NINE during trip to London Where the bloody hell was she? Lara Bingle 'arrives 45 minutes late' to Tiffany & Co. launch in before 'clocking off and refusing to speak to journalists' Those boots aren't made for walking! Iggy Azalea showcases some VERY extravagant floral thigh-highs in a plunging silky white gown  Looking good in her Blue Jeans! Lana Del Rey cuts a casual cool figure in black polo with skinny trousers while out in LA Spotted in Hollywood  Classic LBD with a twist! Zendaya wows in black dress with pearl detailing for Chrysalis Butterfly Ball The 20-year-old stepped out in an elegant gown  Khloe Kardashian's Good American fashion line hits back at accusations from independent designer that reality star copied her work Teen Mom OG's Ryan Edwards checks into rehab... after ex Maci Bookout revealed she was terrified he might OD He is doing well  'I've been let go!' Kevin Can Wait star Erinn Hayes dropped from second season as Leah Remini joins the cast Will not be returning for the second season  Stunning in Soho! Selena Gomez shows off her toned stomach in a crop top as she spends the day with friends The Bad Liar beauty is visiting the East Coast Ariana Grande 'set to perform tear-jerking duet of Where Is The Love? with The Black Eyed Peas' at star-studded One Love Manchester Benefit  The diet worked! Molly Sims flaunts her svelte frame on date night after ten-week bikini after baby plan They just spent last week in Mexico together 'Night Time!' Lindsay Lohan wears an unzipped dress as she poses atop her bed for saucy Instagram snap Shared a provocative picture 'Seal found your musical G-spot!' Delta Goodrem bursts into laughter at Boy George's VERY risqué joke during The Voice Australia live  Controversial remark Former Australian Bachelor contestant Tiffany Scanlon showcases her taut abs in a tiny red bikini as she reveals the secret behind her new six pack 'I went from eating at the White House to sleeping in the bushes': Child star Willie Aames reveals his 'stupid decisions' led to him losing everything 'She was standing there and I fell in love': Willie Aames reveals the incredible story of meeting his pen friend of 30 YEARS, Winnie Hung, who became his wife David and Victoria Beckham are 'ripping out their $6.4million country estate... because 'the roof colors don't match' Have halted work I want candy! Angelina Jolie treats kids Shiloh and Vivian to roller skating as daughter Zahara is seen with giant box of Hot Tamales Doting mother  Shop til you drop! Sofia Vergara looks effortlessly elegant in slim floral pants as she hits the shops in Beverly Hills She oozed style  'Lost for words but currently safe': Ruby Rose and girlfriend Jessica Origliasso are in lockdown as they're caught in the middle of London terror attack 'Getting into her zone': Coco Austin takes daughter Chanel, one, to Ice-T's concert... and dances along backstage Attended her husband Ice-T's concert Who is Ruairi Luke? Meet the busty Australian model who was spotted partying TOPLESS with Scott Disick and another man on a London balcony  'He is not feeling great': An exhausted Scott Disick returns to Los Angeles after a raucous week of partying as it's claimed he's 'ready to shape up' Now that's an arrival! Ice-T and Coco Austin are MOBBED by fans as they jet into Sydney with daughter Chanel They have both arrived in Australia  Ready for summer! Reese Witherspoon looks girly in gingham as she enjoys a day of shopping with husband Jim Married for six years Broadway star Laura Bell Bundy marries longtime love Thom Hinkle in country themed nuptials at horse track Tied the knot to the TBS executive  Baby on the way! Mad Men's Ben Feldman's wife Michelle Mulitz reveals her bump on the red carpet Attended the 16th Annual Chrysalis Butterfly Ball 'That's the fun part!' Beyonce's mom Tina Knowles buys her grandchildren 'drum sets'... to 'get my kids back' A 63-year-old beauty  'Brunettes have fun too!' Paris Hilton ditches her blonde locks for a brown wig as she plays dress up on Snapchat Known as the gorgeous blonde heiress 'I proposed to the love of my life': Former Dallas Cowboys quarterback and Hall of Famer Troy Aikman gets engaged to girlfriend Capa Mooty Alexandra Daddario keeps low profile in baggy ensemble after enjoying a tiki cruise with friends Looked a little worse for wear 'They've gotten even closer': Bradley Cooper and Irina Shayk speak 'several times a day' as actor works away from home following daughter's birth 'No hair, no makeup, no nothing': Jennifer Lopez, 47, looks half her age in bare-faced glimpse at her pre-show ritual Superstar bared-all for video  Stunning in silver! Halle Berry, 50, wows in sequined dress with matching jacket for the Chrysalis Butterfly Ball Oscar winner did not disappoint  'Think she's fond of my leg hair?' Bella Thorne's kitten snuggles into teen's unshaven pins Took to Instagram to announce that she had fallen ill GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Lady Mary partied so hard at Noel Gallagher's epic 50th birthday party she has been bedridden ever since Big birthday bash  Just do it! Bella Hadid flaunts her midriff in Nike sports bra with coordinating bottoms The 20-year-old stepped out for a work commitment  Breaking Bad star Aaron Paul can't keep his hands of wife Lauren Parsekian as they pack on the PDA while he films new movie in Italy That's Amore Priyanka Chopra reveals her svelte physique in a polka dot sundress at the Veuve Clicquot Polo Classic Finished her promo tour for Baywatch Absolutely quacked! Guy Ritchie and Tom Hardy 'storm out of Chinese restaurant after they're denied Peking Duck dish'  Unhappy  Christie's girl! Sailor Brinkley-Cook lets her natural beauty shine as she poses for magazine Let her natural radiance shine through for the latest issue 'We all might just make out': Orange Is The New Black star Yael Stone outlines VERY raunchy Wentworth crossover Lust-driven outline for a spin-off 'Beach bound!' Kim Zolciak shows off impressive figure on family Bahamas vacation... as brave son Kash helps stray one month after dog attack Night and day! Emma Roberts is transformed as she steps out in costume while filming Little Italy The beauty was clad in a patent leather black coat Who IS the murderer on the Orient Express? The line-up of suspects from the new eagerly anticipated film based on Agatha Christie's novel 'This goes down as a classic': Lupita Nyong'o raves over new Wonder Woman movie in heartfelt review She wholeheartedly agrees Justin Bieber jets into Germany clutching onto his skateboard ahead of performance at Ariana Grande's One Love Manchester benefit concert 'My marriage was a Greek tragedy': Prince Charles's astonishing hand-written letters to Nancy Reagan reveal his anguish over his split from Diana  'I was probably self-medicating: Kiwi singer Lorde reveals she went through a bout of heavy drinking after breaking up with ex-boyfriend White hot! Nicole Murphy puts her ample assets on display in low-cut frock for Women of Excellence Awards Gala Graced the red carpet  'Obsessed!' Heather Morris and son Owen tuck in as they celebrate National Donut Day May still be reeling from her baffling elimination from DWTS Plait looks fun! Bella Thorne rocks tiny shorts and braids as she steps out with her party posse She was seen with her rumored on again boyfriend Gregg Sulkin  Horsing around! Nicky Hilton Rothschild wows in green silk dress at Veuve Cliquot Polo Classic Kendall Jenner was also there Cher joins mourners as 'Ramblin Man' Gregg Allman is laid to rest in the same cemetery he used to write songs Thousands of fans lined the streets of Macon Disgraced Josh Duggar makes return to social media in post celebrating his four-year-old son Marcus' birthday two years after sex scandal Flaunting her Cannes tan! Bella Hadid showcases her endless legs in shorts and cut-out top during photoshoot Strutted her stuff  Keeping it brief! Leggy Kendall Jenner accidentally flashes her UNDERWEAR in leafy green mini-dress at star-studded Veuve Clicquot Polo Classic Busted! Kendall Jenner shares photo of sister Kylie holding a cigarette while bragging about photography skills Is she trying to get her sister in trouble? Heidi Klum, 43, stuns in a simple maxidress as she leaves Mykonos with beau Vito Schnabel, 30, after soaking up the sun on the Greek island Tanned and relaxed Wild things! Emmy Rossum and Sam Esmail share images from their honeymoon safari in Rwanda The loved up couple hared a slew of shots  No sunburn for her! Nicole Kidman keeps her pale skin under cover in a long-sleeved dress at Veuve Clicquot's Polo Classic at Liberty State Park 9021-whoah! Rachel McCord (almost) bares all in a VERY daring embellished jacket as she attends the Hollywood premiere of All About The Money Move over Kim! Kris Jenner, 61, wears see-through lace top and bra for dinner outing with Jada Pinkett Smith Flaunted her incredible figure  Proud to be in the pink: It's the color which used to make feminists see red - but now today's top women dress in Millennial Pink to signal empowerment  Jennifer Garner looks in high spirits as she picks up daughter Violet, 11, from school in navy shift dress... after ex Ben Affleck finally moves belongings out  We Belong Together! Mariah Carey and her recently rekindled flame Bryan Tanaka put on an amorous display at a dinner date  Couldn't be separated  EXCLUSIVE: Actor Alan Cummings is pleading for the release of his former chimpanzee co-star Tonka from 'cockroach-infested' primate foundation  Naughty and nice! Sophia Bush shows off her cleavage in a flirty lace dress at film festival gala in Connecticut  Pamela Anderson shows off her famous curves in a white bardot dress during  post-dinner walk with a male friend in St Tropez Fabulous in France  Just like dad! Tom Brady brings mini me son Jack to charity football game The 39-year-old NFL superstar looked every bit the proud father  'I sit there in awe': Seal reveals his 'deep affection' for The Voice co-star Delta Goodrem after announcing he 'loved' her The Voice Australia stars She's a City Girl! Rosario Dawson joins creator Sarah Ramos and Busy Philipps for a table read of Internet hit Three actresses couldn't stop smiling  'It was definitely not a comfortable day': Vanessa Williams, 54, rued having to wear bikini for first day on Daytime Divas (despite looking AMAZING) Manchester gets ready to rock and remember: Final preparations under way for tomorrow night's One Love benefit concert at Old Trafford  Just a day away  'We wouldn't have made the same choice': Wonder Woman director Patty Jenkins admits her 'heart sank' when Gal Gadot was originally cast Touchdown! Olivia Culpo and NFL star boyfriend Danny Amendola coordinate in red for charity football game Tom Brady's event Is that you Elle? Reese Witherspoon channels her ditzy Legally Blonde character in vibrant pink summer dress from her very own range 'This is the scariest building I've ever seen! WTF goes on inside?' Tom Hanks posts a photo of mysterious almost windowless Manhattan tower  Right on the Munn-ey! Braless Olivia stuns in Daisy Dukes as she puts on leggy display in lace up gladiator heels Treated herself to a new hair style Both of Bill Cosby's 'wives' will be at trial: Disgraced comedian's real-life partner of 50 years Camille and his TV spouse Phylicia Rashad will be in court  Pretty Little Liar star Ashley Benson goes braless as she reveals midriff in crop top while out in Beverly Hills Rocked the revealing ensemble  Coyote ugly! Kanye West wants to design Calabasas High School sports uniforms... but only if he can rename them the Wolves Joanna Krupa puts on a busty display in plunging white playsuit as she enjoys dinner in West Hollywood She recently split from husband Romain Zago Queen of green! Hailey Baldwin catches the eye in a quirky emerald tracksuit and stiletto heels as she steps out for coffee Cut a confident look Sudden departure! Stylish Justin Theroux leaves NY for LA ahead of The Leftovers final ever episode The 45-year-old cut a stylish traveler look Check mate! Lindsay Lohan blows a kiss as she dines out in stylish monochrome jacket... after admitting she 'misses' her Hollywood lifestyle Make-up free Julianne Moore cuts a casual figure as she rocks pajama couture in rare outing with husband Stepped out for lunch in New York 'I am basically a witch': Lorde reveals fascination with witchcraft as singer claims she has connected with the ghost of David Bowie Sheer perfection! The Mummy star Annabelle Wallis reveals her bra in a daring see-through top as she dines out in London Flashed her toned body He's scored! Proud Kim Sears celebrates husband Andy Murray's win against Juan Martin Del Potro at French Open Putting in the leg work! Alessandra Ambrosio catches the eye in thigh-skimming minidress as she attends Madrid fashion launch Turning heads in Spain  Bruce Springsteen's showjumping daughter Jessica displays her equestrian skills as she competes at the Athina Onassis Horse Show in St Tropez Black is the New Orange: Ruby Rose cuts a low-key figure as she touches down in London in a sombre hoodie and shades All grown up! Raven-Symone and Anneliese van der Pol reprise their best friend roles in new trailer for Disney's Raven's Home New trailer Lottie Moss displays her enviably toned pins in ruffled floral romper as she enjoys night out with Scott Disick's rumored flame Ella Ross Cuter couture! Orlando Bloom proudly rocks adorable T-shirt designed by his six-year-old son Flynn He has his own personal designer 'There's a place for outright silliness right now': Comedian Steve Carell says moviegoers need a balance of lighthearted comedy and reality  Sofia Vergara cuts a casual figure in off-the-shoulder top and ripped jeans while shopping in LA The 44-year-old star looked casual cool 'I didn't want a number': Tom Cruise reveals Top Gun sequel will be called Top Gun: Maverick Sequel to the 1986 action film Top Gun Sheerly amazing! Lorde takes the stage in black see-through top for star-studded Governor's Ball in New York City Revealing outfit Goddess in green! Isla Fisher cuts a chic figure in emerald leather-look jacket as she speaks at Children's Book and Author breakfast in New York Black Eyed Peas frontman will.i.am claims reports Fergie left the group are 'lies' and says she's focusing on solo work False rumors  Right on Target! Halsey dons a blue wig as she surprises diehard fans with impromptu meet-and-greet at LA store Blending in with the locals! Kelly Rowland sports camouflage jacket as she spends day in Sydney with family and husband Tim Weatherspoon Revealed: The full list of 100 super-rich British stars in $900million tax relief scheme includes The Beckhams, Robbie Williams, and Geri Halliwell Changing seasons! Lily Aldridge switches up summery red dress for fall pantsuit for Vogue shoot in New York Wowed in a hot-weather dress  Hello sunshine! Gigi Hadid gives just a peek at her toned tum in form-fitting bright yellow two-piece number She's used to having all eyes on her Still a Pretty Woman! Evergreen Julia Roberts stuns as she goes casual cool in bomber jacket over blouse for Malibu photoshoot Ageless beauty Kathy Griffin loses remainder of her tour gigs in wake of Donald Trump severed head scandal after dramatic press conference Celebrity Run-Ins Tour  I feel like a rock star after meeting Ariana Grande, says eight-year-old bomb victim who was visited in hospital by pop star and Prince William From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Is this the ultimate party speaker? MailOnline puts Sony's XB40 to the test Sony SRS-XB40 has a built-in multi-coloured line light, speaker lights and a flashing strobe. It features 24 hours of battery life and claims to be a 'mini-disco on the move'. But does it live up to the claim? Samsung's Galaxy S8: A hefty price tag and a dumb personal assistant Samsung's new Galaxy S8 phone is stunning, but its $100 price hike is hard to swallow. Overall the S8 is for those who want elegance - and are willing to pay for it. Affordable, robust and surprisingly responsive: Samsung's Galaxy A5 With the eagerly awaited Galaxy S8 having been pushed back, South Korea-based Samsung has plugged the gap with the Samsung Galaxy A5, a high-end device with a mid-range price tag. Is it really worth paying £280 for Nintendo's Switch? MailOnline's verdict While the design is impressive and easy to use, the game line up is disappointing. Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story Another fanatic slips through the net: Killer jihadi, 27, 'radicalised by YouTube' was known to police and filmed arguing with officers after unfurling an ISIS flag in a park in a Channel 4 documentary 5 videos Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Home BP Home My Account Subscriptions Chats Events Customer Service Masthead Contact Us Local BP Boston BP Bronx BP Kansas City            BP Mets            BP Milwaukee            BP South Side            BP Toronto            BP Wrigleyville            Articles All Articles All Blogs Newsletter Surprise Me! Prospects  2017 Organizational Rankings Prospects Home (w/ links to 2017 Top 10 lists) Last Year: 2016 Midseason Top 50 Rankings Last Year: 2016 Organizational Rankings Last Year: 2016 Top 10 Rankings 2017 Top 101 Prospects Today's Minor-league Schedule (with top prospect count) Eyewitness Accounts Prospect Tracker Statistics Sortable Statistics Strength Of Schedule DRA Run Values Glossary PITCHf/x Profiles PITCHf/x Leaderboards Bullpen (Mis)management Brooks Baseball Manager Comments from BP Annual Books Standings Projected Standings (based on PECOTA) Adjusted Standings Team Audit Standings Playoff Odds Prospectus Hit List Fantasy Fantasy Resources Page! Latest Fantasy Articles Player Forecast Manager Team Tracker PECOTA Weighted Means Spreadsheet Scoresheet Draft Aid HACKING MASS Competition Beat PECOTA Game (latest updates) Depth Charts Depth Charts Home (with Standings!) RosterResource Links (formerly MLBDepthCharts) Visual Depth Charts Visual Year-to-Date Stats Transactions Transactions Browser Transaction Analysis Collateral Damage Daily Salaries Compensation Home Cot's Contracts Podcasts DFA Podcast - Bryan Grosnick & R.J. Anderson       For All You Kids Out There - BP Mets Team       Effectively Wild - Ben Lindbergh/Sam Miller BP Milwaukee Podcast       The Red Seat - BP Boston Team       Kansas City Baseball Vault - BP Kansas City Team       Artificial Turf Wars - Greg Wisniewski/Joshua Howsam/Chris Sherwin       BP Wrigleycast - BP Wrigleyville Team The Catbird Speaks - BP South Side Team       Flags Fly Forever - Bret Sayre/Mike Gianella TINO (There Is No Offseason) - Bret Sayre/BP Fantasy Team TTO Scoresheet Podcast - Ben Murphy/Ian Lefkowitz/Jared Weiss Raw Projection - BP Prospect Team ------------------------------------------ Limited Range - Sahadev Sharma/Brett Taylor Up and In - Kevin Goldstein/Jason Parks Fantasy Hour - Jason Collette/Paul Sporer Fringe Average - Mike Ferrin/Jason Parks TINSTAAPP - Paul Sporer/Doug Thorburn Search Search Articles Search Players Search Comments CSS Button No Image Css3Menu.com    Arizona Diamondbacks Atlanta Braves Baltimore Orioles Boston Red Sox Chicago Cubs Chicago White Sox Cincinnati Reds Cleveland Indians Colorado Rockies Detroit Tigers Houston Astros Kansas City Royals Los Angeles Angels Los Angeles Dodgers Miami Marlins Milwaukee Brewers Minnesota Twins New York Mets New York Yankees Oakland Athletics Philadelphia Phillies Pittsburgh Pirates San Diego Padres San Francisco Giants Seattle Mariners St. Louis Cardinals Tampa Bay Rays Texas Rangers Toronto Blue Jays Washington Nationals    << Previous Article What You Need to Know:... (05/29) << Previous Column Short Relief: The Intr... (05/26) Next Column >> Short Relief: Strickla... (05/30) Next Article >> Prospectus Feature: Th... (05/29) May 29, 2017 Short Relief And Now Some Words On Our Sponsors by BP Staff Printer-friendly In-season holidays are a little weird, because while everyone is off spending time with their loved ones, the baseball players are technically still working their normal schedule. We understand this weird little contradiction, and so the BP staff are offering you a compromise: analysis, and baseball, but not actually baseball analysis. Instead, we've decided to pen a few words about baseball commercials: the ones we love, the ones we despise, the ones we cannot fathom, but at any rate the ones that have stuck with us. Grab a cup of coffee, some headphones, and join us on a little adventure. This commercial hits all sorts of classic comedy beats: we get to laugh at a man’s (Alec Baldwin’s) inflated sense of self-worth, an unexpected situation takes another unexpected twist, and there are one or two remarkably well-delivered punchlines. But there’s also a second level, perhaps unintended by writers Mike Schur and Charlie Grandy. At the nine-second mark, John Krasinski opens the door, but as he does he is laughing and saying “yeah” as if there is another human being offscreen. Baldwin delivers a punch, but notice that this person–if they even exist–says or does nothing. This indicates one of two things: either Krasinski was speaking to a sociopath incapable of displaying concern, or that there was no one else in the room at all. Krasinski, lonely, was talking to a figment of his own imagination. Then there’s Baldwin. At the 39-second mark, Krasinski remarks “Wow. Your commitment level is so high,” while rubbing his aching, angled jaw. Anyone who would run across town to punch a “friend” in the face after a hard-fought loss must be committed to their team, right? But earlier, Baldwin admits to leaving the game in the sixth inning, hardly indicative of his commitment to the Yankees, but rather indicative of his commitment to punching John Krasinski in the face. Each man appears to be using baseball to create a human connection, and there are hints that this is something they long for. Krasinski is so desperate for someone to talk to, he invented one, and remains upbeat despite being assaulted. Baldwin made a flimsy excuse–really, a close game in the sixth inning?–to dart across New York and stop in on a friend, leaving a bruise and tens of thousands of dollars in his wake. It is a bit of the joke about Pagliacci the Clown, humor hiding pain. It is the façade we build in order to protect our weaknesses, our loneliness, our hearts. It is baseball. -Bryan Grosnick The year is 1986, or perhaps the not too distant future. Earth is a dystopian wasteland where the only form of entertainment pits children against each other (perhaps to the death?) in baseball-esque feats of athleticism, complete with lasers, glowing orbs, and electric guitars. A mysterious crusader in red chillingly recruits a ringer (played by future Hall of Famer Pete Rose, in a star making turn as, um, Pete Rose, or a lifelike synthetic equivalent) to join the battle and lead the kids’ revolution in an attempt to break from the shackles of their sugary beverage overlords. It’s Thunderdome meets Space Jam (well, minus the Looney Toons). Directed by The Wachowskis. - Mark Barry This commercial was created in 1974 by copywriter James Hartzell of Campbell-Ewald/Detroit and it answers four very important questions: What’s America’s favorite sport? Favorite sandwich? Favorite Pie? And favorite car? Why it's Baseball, Hot Dogs, Apple Pie and Chevrolet, of course! Curly-haired Ed Labunski is the first image you see in the ad and that’s because he composed the music for the song, which is both joyous and celebratory. Back then, the sport of baseball brought everyone together and so did hot dogs, apple pie, and apparently, Chevrolet cars of all makes and models. Everyone from kids to adults are shown playing baseball. They even show some still shots of players and umpires from MLB games. It’s a patriotic ad in the sense that it takes us on a nearly one-minute journey and shows us a tapestry of America’s citizens enjoying four seemingly disparate concepts. The ad also shows us shots of landmarks like the Empire State Building and Golden Gate Bridge but it isn’t jingoistic or overtly patriotic in the way modern commercials tend to be. The closest thing to an American flag is a vanity plate that reads, “USA-1” which briefly flashes on the screen near the end of the ad. The commercial also settles a years-long debate as to whether or not a hot dog is a sandwich. (Spoiler alert: People in the 1970s say the hot dog is a sandwich but people in the 1970s also thought leisure suits were cool, so can we really trust them?) -Stacey Gotsulias A series of questions and comments: What decade is this guy from? How did they get Cheech Marin for this commercial? Who? No defining moment has ever included Wil Nieves. No, really. Who? Stop saying Wil Nieves. Can we blame Wil Nieves for Wil Myers or nah? That second pitch is 100% not a fastball Wil Nieves had a career 61 OPS+ The Nationals won 59 games the year of this commercial, before you ask. And the year before. Wil Nieves was not in the majors for 12 years at the time of this commercial. He had appeared in 2002 (six years before this homer) and then went back to the minors until 2005. The commercial recorded in 2009, but was about a game in 2008. So again I ask, who the hell is this guy talking about. Do not say Wil Nieves. -Craig Goldstein The accordion’s optimistic lilt is too cheery, even when tempered by Moyer’s daddishly hokey “Oh la la!” This is what commercials do; they promise hyperbolic results with the ease of pulling back a café chair. But consider the fraud: Moyer’s metric radar gun came from France when imperial-eschewing Canada is a mere 188 kilometers from Safeco. And there is the kilometric measurement itself: “97,” the first pitch returns. “99,” blinks the second—60.2 and 61.5 miles per hour. Moyer’s tosses, at their most stultifying, settle in at the low 70s. The enormity of the lie, then, indicates not fraud, but fantasy. In the magical world of Mariners’ commercials, you can be as slow as you want to be. -Holly M. Wendt In 1980, Latinos made up just 6.5% of the US population, with a full 30% of that population living in California. The TV station KMEX first began airing Spanish-language programming back in 1962, pre-Univision, and was one of the first stations in the country to air spots created specifically for a Spanish-speaking market, like the one above. A family playing baseball and having breakfast in the park runs into Fernando Valenzuela at the peak of Fernandomania, and invites him to share in their Corn Flakes, which just happens to be Fernando Valenzuela’s favorite cereal. He sits down and the jingle kicks in, a Spanish version of the English tagline “When you sit down to America’s favorite cereal, the face on the package is you.” It reads slightly different in Spanish (you have a familiar face with you) but the marketing intent remains the same. Eat Kellogg’s Corn Flakes, and you too can be part of the American story, can see your face here. “Mexicans grabbed onto him with both hands to ride to the moon,” Vin Scully once noted about Valenzuela. For the thousands of Latinos in the LA area, Fernando Valenzuela made the face on the cereal box familiar. - Kate Preusser With how little Joey Votto is striking out and how much smack talk he is dishing out, it seems duly appropriate for me to dig back into the well of the widely adored This is Sportscenter commercials and unearth this gem. If you were ever wondering where Votto practices his insults, opportune moments to sarcastically wish Karl Ravech luck in a facial hair contest against the boldly mustachioed mascot, Mr. Red, have been instrumental in the development of his craft. Devotion to the art of budget acting is quietly displayed by Mr. Red’s commitment to actually wash his gloved hands. Whether that was intentional or a product of beautiful, unscripted acting gold, revealing the secrets on set only dismantle the purity of the 30 second spot. If only Roger Ebert were alive to give us his opinion on Votto’s chances to star in a remake of “The Natural,” we’d have a better bearing on one of the All-Star’s first Emmy-worthy performances. -Lance Brozdowski I struggle with this ad. In 1941, Orson Welles wrote, directed, and starred in Citizen Kane. By 1980 he was famous for two things: voice-over narration and advertisements like this, actually a clever parody of his work with the Paul Masson winery. It's also terrifyingly pathetic, a sell-out of a sell-out. Welles needed money; he always did. Fallen from grace in Hollywood, the man was always trying to finance another piece, a comeback; for years, it was The Other Side of the Wind, filmed over six years in the seventies, whenever he could afford the film. His final movie, F is for Fake, was so strange and its critics so little bent to charity that it was widely panned; no one was interested in giving him the benefit of the doubt. And so he read copy, fought with advertisers, drank and waited until he died. It's one thing I find comforting about baseball: that its victories aren't preyed upon by social relativism or fashion. One wins or loses. Welles himself stopped winning, in part, because people decided they didn't want him to. The Other Side of the Wind, through years of collation and crowdfunding, will be released in 2018, 23 years after his death. I hope we decide it's good. -Patrick Dubuque The year is 1980, and somewhere, the director at a marketing agency somewhere is entirely too pleased with himself. He’s taken his own beloved childhood memory, a cheeky baseball burlesque joke predicated on using interrogative pronouns, and turned it into yet another way to sell things to the masses. Will the kid he wants to buy candy bars care about the history behind the confusion about the name “Whatchamacallit?” Of course not. Maybe their parents will, though, which is good, because parents have the spending power. The kid - let’s say it’s you! - (if you’re an imaginary boy between the ages of eight and 12, because sexism was even more alive and well back in the 80s) doesn’t have to get the deeper layer within the casual banter. No, you don’t care about any of this. All that will happen for you is the next time you’re in a grocery store with mom, standing in the checkout lane, you’ll inexplicably want the candy with the funny name (and maybe some baseball cards, the ones with the bubblegum.) -Kate Morrison Judging by the cuts and staging of this commercial, Bo Knows Everything Except Cinematography. But hawking rad cross-trainers requires little production. Nike sensed this reality and developed a zen divergence from direct product placement, in favor of selling a feeling: Without getting into any issues about whether Bo can REALLY know, it is arguable that the multisport phenom has a better sense of humor than either football or baseball acumen. The busy pacing of the ad distracts the viewer from the sense of plot, but it must accurately portray the star juggling two professional sports schedules. Notice that Bo the golfer incepts Tiger Wood’s stacked demeanor and nails Wood’s signature wardrobe to the exact color. Or the questions that Football Bo asks Baseball Bo, “You ever been to LA?” It would have been hilarious if Baseball Bo said, “No, but I’ve been to Anaheim.” What is especially clear about this ad is that Nike Knows Branding, as the commercial does a great job selling his cross-trainers without more than a couple of cuts to the shoes. Bo Knows Bo is Selling Bo, an aura of phenomenal physicality that screams, “Wear these shoes and you too could train to become a 13 WARP ballplayer.” -Nicholas Zettel I spent 17 years of my life living in Rhode Island, a 15-minute drive from the Hurd Auto Mall in Johnston. Despite its proximity, I have never patronized the famed Chevrolet dealership depicted in this commercial. Yet as a frequent viewer of Red Sox games on the New England Sports Network, I am intimately familiar with the jingle of "baseball, hot dogs, apple pie, Hurd Chevrolet," a song that creates the unlikely association between three stereotypical pieces of American culture, and a car dealership in the country's smallest state. So famous is the Hurd tune that their advertising team uses this particular commercial to suggest that people are singing it while going about their daily activities, such as jogging in place in a parking lot, standing awkwardly in a park, or pointing at fish in an aquarium. As much as I do not relate to the hobbies on display here, I can most certainly vouch for the Hurd jingle being unsettlingly present in my life. In fact, if asked to sing to word "baseball" (which I usually do unprompted), I have no doubt that it would be to the tune of "baseball, hot dogs, apple pie, Hurd Chevrolet." They may may not be able to sync up a backing track to the actors singing in their ad, and they may never get a single dollar from me, but the people of Hurd Chevrolet have created a piece of culture - terrible, parasitic culture though it may be - that I carry with me everywhere I go. -Martin Nolan The Saturday before last was Jay Buhner Bobblehead Night at Safeco Field. The longtime Seattle right fielder, now 52 and still impressively bald and fit, was on hand for the occasion and threw out an impressive frozen rope for the first pitch that recalled his glory days. Then he sat on the sidelines as Yovani Gallardo was pummeled into some alternate state of matter by Avisail Garcia and the White Sox for 10 runs in 3 2/3 innings, then dined and maybe enjoyed a cocktail while would-be Sunday starter Dillon Overton was pounded for two more homers as he wore it for 4 1/3. Nary a glint of light was enabled to come to the aid of infielder Mike Freeman, who was forced to atone for his first inning error by pitching the ninth, before he was DFA’d after the game, a 16-1 loss for the Mariners. In these trying times, the cliché has never been more true: evil triumphs when good men--especially men whose ability to help has been well-documented--sit and do nothing. -James Fegan For those of you on the East Coast, ARCO is what BP calls itself out here. And when they’re not lubricating the Gulf of Mexico, or weaseling out of financial responsibility for cleaning up the Gulf of Mexico, they’re making some of the most awful damned commercials ever known to man. This year, because ARCO likes to bombard West Coast MLB.tv subscribers with ads at a mind-melting pace, they decided to do a baseball-themed commercial to fit that. Like most ARCO advertisements nowadays, it stars “Hanna,” a talking dashboard hula doll thingy who can be summed up as “basically The Travelocity Gnome if you paid approximately 20% of the wages for script writers who have 0% of the talent.” Hanna’s owner/boyfriend/father/human is saving so much money on gas thanks to ARCO that he takes her to her first baseball game. She buries herslef in peanuts, gets autographed, catches a ball, meets “a new friend” (a generic-looking bobblehead), and fails to land a single joke. Hey, ARCO, if you’re reading this? Since it’s already obvious that you’re trying to spend as little on marketing as possible, just… don’t. Zero baseball fans are filling up at ARCO because of Hanna. -Colin Anderle The signifiers here invoke the carefree and timeless: the bleachers on a lazy, sunny day; the Blues Brothers’ R&B syncretism; high-waisted shorts; cold ones. Hell, “Cub Fan, Bud Man” is an explicit “Soul Man” rip off, right down to the chord change that introduces the bridge. Harry Caray himself became a signifier of the Cubs’ “have a good time despite the miserable team” reputation, a lord over the boozy, sleazy fiefdom of Wrigley Field. And yet, Harry doesn’t quite get the Jake Blues schtick down. He’s a little too stiff, a little too idiosyncratic, whereas John Belushi oozed charisma and even a little sexiness with his dancing. No, I think Harry is getting at something else entirely. Wait a second… Harry Caray is a rude boy. -Zack Moser If a sport is known by the company it keeps, it may behoove baseball to start hanging out with another crowd. This ad has been aired, on and off, since George Brett’s rookie season. (Brett is 64.) It posits that baseball, hot dogs, apple pie and Chevrolet are inextricably linked. This is not good company. The jingle, even before getting to its “melody,” dives headfirst into controversy, offhandedly referring to hot dogs as a sandwich. Stick to sports! Let’s start with the hot dog. A Farmer John’s Dodger Dog has 240 calories, 200 from fat. You get 40 percent of the daily value of saturated fat and 57 percent of sodium in each dog. Adding a processed white flour bun brings the total to 410 calories of the 2,000 or so you should consume each day. Apple pie? It’s as American as England, Holland, France, Italy, and Germany, all of which had recipes for apple pie before the American colonies were established. And Chevrolet…It ranked 15th of 29 models ranked by Consumer Reports for reliability, and shares of its parent, General Motors have lost 5% of their value this year. Maybe Roger Goodell’s looking for new friends? - Rob Mains On an official brand YouTube account and from just seven years ago, the eternal blur of this commercial suggests that there are details they don't want us to see. And they're right. Because we're going to talk about Evan Longoria's relic of a shirt. It's puke-green, but of the type that would make you rush to the hospital instead of thinking you're just expelling some unwanted virus, with long cadet blue sleeves. Of the fashion trends that will cycle back in 2030, I desperately hope the baggy t-shirt with different colored long sleeves is not one of them. Then there's the matter of its graphic, a thin ring that's either red or orange - whatever it is, the intent is probably to suggest fire. As we say in 2017, however, the shirt is anything but lit. It's doubtless that the stylist on set chose the shirt to convey an everyman image to Longoria, despite the whole message being that this cap levels the playing field. So there's dissonance in the message, but even more dissonance in aesthetic sensibilities. What saves the commercial, though, is how it is recalls the iconic mid-2000s "We Takin' Over" music video; except, you know, the prize is an errant cap. -Brian Duricy Maybe you remember this one. Dick’s managed to show in one minute all the stuff that happens in baseball when ‘nothing is happening’. I got my PhD in baseball by sitting on my back porch on summer nights listening to the Phillies. Four houses down and around the corner, Mr. Matruder sat out on his porch as well. As the game unfolded, he explained to me everything that was going on behind the scenes. He told me how the players were repositioning themselves as the count changed, how the managers had options to bunt or hit-and-run and how the pitcher and catcher were working to try to set up the hitter. Given the same situation today, I’m sure my parents would have him arrested for spending three hours a night talking to an eight year old. For all the talk about baseball not having enough action, I've always wondered why they have not thought to hire ‘docents’ to take small groups of kids to games and point out the nuances to help them understand the game (and the game within the game). -Scott Delp When I started in on this assignment, I assumed I would just pick the one good Mike Schmidt commercial I could find. Turns out, the man was a golden god of weird ads, from early dish-era cable ads (PRISM!) and 7-Up All Star shorts, Schmiddy ran the gamut during his years in Philadelphia. But there’s something so deeply distressing about this Chevrolet ad from somewhere between 1979-1990. The thrumming techno underneath resembles the soundtrack complementing the more disturbing moments of a Cronenberg film. The premise of the commercial -- Mike Schmidt is going to whale on a pick-up truck with a baseball bat just to see what happens -- should have come out of a too-on-the-nose satirical magazine, not an actual advertising firm. And the moral of the commercial is obtuse at best: you can hit the exact center of the weird polymer grill of your Chevy with as much force as you want and not break it. The rest of the truck, well, use your best judgment. But the weirdest moment is Schmidt’s central line: “The lawyers told me I couldn’t hit a Ford like this. Know why?” Then a brief pause as he smiles fiendishly, points the bat at the camera and says “You know why!” If anyone’s darkest desire is to know what Mike Schmidt would look like just before he caves in your skull with a bat for not buying Chevy Strong? Well, here you go. -Trevor Strunk We hope you've enjoyed this little tour through, if not the lifeblood of baseball, some of its various spiritual lampreys. If you enjoy this material and would like to support it, consider creating or upgrading your subscription to this site. If we reach 100 new subscribers through the month of June, Craig has promised to release a video covering "Baseball, Hot Dogs, Apple Pie and Chevrolet." Related Content:  Advertisements 3 comments have been left for this article. BP Comment Quick Links code of conduct gra (24655) Chicks Did the Long Ball summed up baseball since 1921, the forgotten truth of everyone's embrace of the steroid era, the under appreciation of the Atlanta Braves, and the career arch of Heather Locklear ... and something about shoes.... May 29, 2017 06:57 AM link rating: 4   Dodger300 (3120) The greatest baseball commercial of all time is conspicuous by its absence: https://youtu.be/hKAJIvQRSzE May 29, 2017 10:50 AM link rating: 0   kcshankd (1089) No discussion of baseball commercials is complete without these: https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=miller+lite+baseball+commercial May 29, 2017 11:42 AM link rating: 2   You must be a Premium subscriber or have a Fantasy subscription to post a comment. Not a subscriber? Sign up today! << Previous Article What You Need to Know:... (05/29) << Previous Column Short Relief: The Intr... (05/26) Next Column >> Short Relief: Strickla... (05/30) Next Article >> Prospectus Feature: Th... (05/29) RECENTLY AT BASEBALL PROSPECTUS Flu-Like Symptoms: The Vogelsong Awards: May Rubbing Mud: One At-Bat, Turned Inside Out Circle Change: Three Catchers Walk Into a Ca... BP Mets BP South Side BP Wrigleyville Baseball Prospectus Announcement MORE FROM MAY 29, 2017 Prospectus Feature: The Ervin Santana Disagr... What You Need to Know: Blown Away The Call-Up: Franchy Cordero MORE BY BP STAFF 2017-05-29 - Short Relief: And Now Some Words On Our Spon... 2017-04-03 - Prospectus Feature: Pre-Season Staff Predict... 2017-02-11 - BP Job Postings: Minnesota Twins Advance Sco... 2017-01-27 - BP Unfiltered: Vote for the SABR Analytics R... More... MORE SHORT RELIEF 2017-06-01 - Short Relief: Of Fire-Types and Actual Fires 2017-05-31 - Short Relief: On Fighting, Friendship, and N... 2017-05-30 - Short Relief: Strickland v. Harper, and Simp... 2017-05-29 - Short Relief: And Now Some Words On Our Spon... 2017-05-26 - Short Relief: The Intricate Dreams of Papas ... 2017-05-25 - Short Relief: Toasting Bartolo, Reviewing Br... 2017-05-24 - Short Relief: Votto's Insult Comedy, Weaver'... More... BP Home  |  Terms of Service  |  Privacy Policy  |  Customer Service  |  Newsletter  |  Masthead  |  Glossary  |  Contact Us Major League Baseball trademarks and copyrights are used with permission of MLB Advanced Media, L.P. All rights reserved. Copyright © 1996-2017 Baseball Prospectus, LLC.
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Hands on: Mophie Juice Pack battery case for the Google Pixel XL Trending in Google Best Android phones you can buy [June 2017] Trending in Google Hands on with some of the best cases for the Samsung Galaxy S8 Trending in Google Hands-on with 5 Android apps and games you should download in May 2017 [Video] Trending in Google Is the Android O Dev Preview 2 stable enough for your daily driver? Here’s​ our experience so far Trending in Google Hands on with the new features in Android O Dev Preview 2 [Video] May 29 GOOG: 971.47 1.93 9to5Toys Lunch Break: LG 29-inch monitor $229, Lamicall Android dock $6.50, Amazon Echo $140, more Stephen Hall - May. 29th 2017 10:39 am PT @hallstephenj Android 9to5Toys 9to5Toys Lunch Break View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Keep up with the best gear and deals on the web by signing up for the 9to5Toys Newsletter. Also, be sure to check us out on: Twitter, RSS Feed, Facebook, Google+ and Safari push notifications. TODAY’S CAN’T MISS DEALS: LG 29-Inch Ultrawide Freesync Monitor: $229 shipped (Reg. $400) Smartphone Accessories: Lamicall iPhone/ Android Dock $6.50, more Amazon’s Echo and Echo Dot now up to $40 off for Prime members Review: Logitech’s Z537 Speaker System gives your Mac the audio it deserves [Video] 9to5Rewards: Sphero’s Star Wars BB-8 smartphone-controlled droid [Giveaway] MORE NEW GEAR FROM TODAY: This Brother Wireless Printer w/ AirPrint is an Amazon favorite, now $100 (Reg. $130) Kindle Voyager E-Reader (refurb) $135 + up to 80% off Kindle E-Books nonfiction bestsellers Apple 9.7-inch iPad Pro Wi-Fi + LTE 32GB $579 shipped (Reg. $729) Assassin’s Creed Identity for iOS drops to just $1 (Reg. $5) Multiponk’s local iOS multiplayer free for first time in years (Reg. $3) Minimalist iOS puzzler Klocki goes free for first time in nearly a year Lumino City’s handcrafted worlds drop to lowest price ever at $1 (Reg. $5) Mini Metro’s fantastic puzzle action hits lowest price this year at $1 (Reg. $5) Infinity Blade trilogy now down to just $1 each on iOS (Reg. up to $7) The Amazing Spider-Man 2 is now just $1 on the App Store (Reg. $7) Crazy Taxi’s wild iOS arcade racing now free for first time in years (Reg. $5) Cartoon Network’s iOS RPG Attack the Light hits lowest price in years: $1 (Reg. $3) Apple’s Great Games for $1 Sale: BADLAND, Assassin’s Creed, many more Best Buy is clearing out official Apple Watch Sport Bands, starting at $34 (or less) Best Memorial Day Sales 2017: Apple Watch, apparel, home goods, more Best Buy Memorial Day Sale: $70 off Apple Watch Series 2, iPad mini 4 $300, more! Apple’s 15-inch MacBook Pro 512GB gets a nearly $400 discount for Memorial Day Apple’s 9.7-inch iPad Pro gets $124 discount, priced from $475 In-ear Headphones: AmazonBasics w/ Remote $7, Bose QuietComfort 20 $180 AmazonBasics Explorer Backpack for up to 15-inch MacBooks: $16 (Reg. $30) Mophie Juice Pack Reserve Battery Case for iPhone 6/s: $30 (Reg. $50) Epson VS240 LCD Projector with HDMI input: $240 shipped (Reg. $300) Slayaway Camp and its Minecraft-like horror gets very first price drop: $2 Today’s Best iOS & Mac Game/App Deals: Warhammer, Bokeh Lens, more Today’s Best Game Deals: Prey $40, GTA V $30, Witcher 3 $20, more Daily Deals: SanDisk Ultra 128GB USB 3.0 Flash Drive $28, more Nordstrom Rack Clearance Event w/ extra 25% off L.L. Bean offers rare 20% off discount for Memorial Day Grab an Intex queen-sized self-inflating bed for $35 Oral-B Black Pro 1000 Electric Toothbrush just $30 shipped (Reg. $40+) More Memorial Day magazine deals: ESPN + Insider 2yrs for $8 shipped NEW PRODUCTS & MORE: How-to build your very own LEGO fidget spinner Homsecure alerts your iOS/Android device when your existing smoke alarms go off Smacircle S1 eBike fits in your backpack to make storage a breeze DEWALT overhauls Bluetooth Connect system w/ new tools, trackers, more Gogoro’s second gen electric scooter has a lower price, same power Pokemon’s Magikarp Jump splashes onto iOS and Android for worldwide release Makerball is a DIY Pinball Machine that is completely customizable IK Multimedia debuts new beast Mac synth w/ Moog, Prophet, Oberheim sampler-instruments 8Bitdo rolls out free Nintendo Switch support for all its retro-style controllers Two:35 is a computer building kit for kids that can actually get them certification DJI’s new $499 Spark drone offers gesture controls, compact design [Gallery] Sphero unveils iOS-controlled Lightning McQueen racer for $300 BIKI is an underwater 4K camera drone that can go wherever you swim Belkin intros new line of compact Pocket Power banks starting at $20 Ambi Climate returns with its second generation Alexa-enabled air conditioner controller Haikara smartwatch focuses on fashion with customizable watch faces and bands This Vintage Vinyl Bluetooth Speaker is actually made out of reclaimed records Beyond Zero’s liquor freezer puts your cocktail “in the rocks” NikeLab releases urban commuter, all-condition ACG.07.KMTR Monoprice is now making a professional quality 3D Printer at just $159 Love Hultén’s new vintage-inspired mahogany Astovox Hi-Fi System Atomos Ninja Inferno: A great way to speed up your Panasonic GH5 workflow [Video] LEGO’s latest is a massive 2,800-piece Minecraft Mountain Cave set WATTS is the customizable battery backup system meant to fit any home MORE DEALS STILL LIVE: Verizon offers $50 Visa Gift Card w/ Samsung Gear 360 VR Google Home $99 (Reg. $129) for Express shoppers Everyone can use an Echo Dot: Just $50! 2-Pack Anker Screen Protectors for iPhone 7/Plus $4, more Pad & Quill offering 20% off leather/linen iPad & Apple Watch accessories iHome SmartPlug with HomeKit/Alexa hits Amazon all-time low: $42 shipped Twelve South TimePorter for Apple Watch now $40 (Reg. $50) Apple’s official Silicone iPhone 7 cases are on sale at Amazon from $24 Mophie Juice Pack Battery for iPhone 7/Plus for $50 shipped (Reg. $99) Memorial Day Magazine Sale from under $5/yr: HD Movies to own for $5 at Amazon Ninja Nutri Bowl Blender at $80 shipped (Reg. $100+) Grab a Moto Z Play for $6/mo, or Droid at $10/mo Super Phantom Cat platformer free on the App Store  Lenovo Chromebook w/ touchscreen $350 (Orig $600) Stanley 16-Ounce Hammer $16 + more tool deals Yale Touchscreen Z-Wave Deadbolt for $128 (Orig. $245) Netgear Nighthawk AC1750 Router for $89 shipped (Reg. $109) Aukey 150W Power Inverter w/ Outlet and USB Port only $10 Mophie Juice Pack Battery for iPhone 7/Plus for $50 Logitech K750 Wireless Keyboard (cert. refurb) now $30 JBL Charge 2+ Splashproof Bluetooth Speaker $60 (Reg. $80) DODOcase Memorial Day Sale 25% off Twelve South BackPack for Mac Storage Shelf at $25 Monoprice 15W Tube Amplifier $50 (Reg. $80) Ringke iPhone 7/Plus and Galaxy S8/Plus casess for $4 Belkin Memorial Day Sale 30% off PS4 Slim 500GB Call of Duty Bundle now just $220 Puma takes an extra 20% off Stephen Hall @hallstephenj Stephen is Managing Editor at 9to5Google. Twitter DMs are open. Tips always welcome, never expected. Favorite Gear 15-inch MacBook Pro w/ Touch Bar Anker PowerCore 26800 Amazon Echo Dot Guides Android Breaking news for Android. Get the latest on apps, carriers, devices, and more! View THe Guide 9to5Toys View THe Guide 9to5Toys Lunch Break View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Skip to main content Menu Order MacBook Pro | iPhone 7 | Mac Pro | Shop: Cheap Wireless Plans Forums Skip to navigation Skip to content iMore Rumors Analysis How To The Best Reviews Deals Newsletter Forums Ask a Question New Posts Trending Discussions iPhone 7 iPhone 7 Plus iPhone 6s iPhone 6s Plus MacBook Pro Apple Watch Series 2 iOS 10 macOS Sierra iPad Pro (12.9-inch) iPad Pro (9.7-inch) Apps & Games Shop HOT ACCESSORY DEAL$ Digital Offers Best sellers New releases Cases and covers Chargers and cables Battery packs Screen Protectors Toggle Search Connected home Logitech POP: How a button changed the way I interact with my smart home By Mikah Sargent Monday, May 29, 2017 at 12:00 pm EDT 1 Comment Mikah Sargent is Senior Editor at Mobile Nations. When he's not bothering his chihuahuas, Mikah spends entirely too much time and money on HomeKit products. You can follow him on Twitter at @mikahsargent if you're so inclined. The HomeKit-enabled Logitech POP Smart Button puts smart home control at your fingertips. I've been excited about Logitech's HomeKit-enabled POP Smart Button since the company's announcement back in April. See, Apple's HomeKit has offered support for programmable buttons for awhile but the POP is the first one available for purchase. Why's a button worth getting excited about? Here's a little of what I wrote in the announcement post: Put in physical terms, you hit the button and stuff happens in your house: You might have it set up to turn on all the lights in your kitchen, turn down the thermostat, or lock the front door — the possibilities are endless! I've been itching to add a programmable button to my HomeKit home because of those endless possibilities. There's something delightful about having a physical, dedicated button that can control my home. It's sort of like a light switch with extra super powers. Logitech sent me a HomeKit-enabled Logitech POP Smart Button Kit a couple weeks ago. I've since put the device through its paces and I'm happy to report it's just as handy as I was hoping! Unboxing the POP Smart Button Kit The Logitech POP Smart Button Kit comes in a small white box and contains both a POP Smart Button and the newly updated HomeKit-enabled POP bridge. The bridge connects to your Wi-Fi network and communicates with the POP Smart Button. You can connect multiple POP Smart Buttons to a POP bridge. The first thing you'll notice is how small the devices are — both the bridge and Smart Button are 6 cm x 6 cm squares. It actually took me a second to figure out which was the button and which was the bridge (hint: The bridge has a plug on the back). The POP Smart Button comes in four colors — white, coral, teal, and alloy — but the Smart Button Kit includes a white button and bridge. The POP is made of a lightweight plastic with a rubberized coating that feels really good in the hand. It's almost entirely button — the front of the device features a raised, über-clicky circle that's very forgiving of imprecise presses. It was easy for my hand to find and press the POP no matter the lighting conditions. The bridge is also made of a lightweight plastic, but while the front of the bridge (which is also a button) features the same rubberized coating, the sides are a glossy white that's reminiscent of Apple's accessories and peripherals. I'm quite fond of the POP bridge because, unlike the other two smart device bridges in my home (Philips Hue and Lutron Caséta) it's incredibly small and self-contained. You don't have to fiddle with external power supplies or ethernet cords; you just plug it in and get going. Along with the devices, the box contains all the necessary paperwork (a setup guide, safety warnings, warranty information, etc.) and a thick (reusable) piece of mounting tape for sticking the POP wherever your heart desires. Setting up the POP Smart Button There are two methods for setting up your POP Smart Button: Logitech POP app: If you choose to set up the POP Smart Button using the Logitech POP app, you can't take advantage of its HomeKit compatibility. The button will work with these compatible devices. Home app for iOS: If you choose to set up the Pop Smart Button using the Home app for iOS, you can take advantage of its HomeKit compatibility but it will only work with HomeKit (you won't be able to control your Sonos speakers, for example). Because I wanted to use this device with my HomeKit-enabled accessories, I set up the device using the Home app for iOS. Thanks to Apple's super-simple set up process, I had no trouble getting the POP ready and rolling. How to set up the POP Smart Button Choose a spot for your HomeKit-enabled POP bridge and plug it in. The bridge needs to be able to communicate with both your Wi-Fi router and any POP Smart Buttons you connect to it, so it's best to put it in a centrally located area (likely where your router is). Wait for the LED light on the POP bridge to flash. Launch the Home app for iOS. Tap Add in the top right corner of the app (looks like a plus sign). Tap Add Accessory. Tap to add the Logitech POP bridge. Tap Allow to add the POP bridge to your Wi-Fi network. Scan the HomeKit code to add the POP bridge. (You can find the code on the side of the POP bridge and on the plastic container in which the bridge was packed. If you'd like, you can name the POP bridge and specifty its location. Tap Next. If you'd like, you can name the POP Smart Button and specify its location. Tap Done. Note: I also set up the device using the Logitech POP app. The process was simple and the app makes it easy to switch between the two compatibility modes (HomeKit and non-HomeKit). I paired and reset the POP bridge and Smart Button a couple times to see if setup would prove finicky. On one occasion, I had trouble getting the POP bridge to appear in the HomeKit Accessories list; factory resetting the POP bridge fixed the problem. Logitech has a support article with a step-by-step guide for factory resetting the POP bridge and Smart Button: Factory Resetting Your POP Adding actions to the POP Smart Button The whole point of the POP is push-button smart home control and this button doesn't disappoint. The POP offers three gestures that can be used to trigger different actions: single press, double press, and long press. In a perfect world I'd also have a triple press, but my perfect world ignores the fact that too many gestures can get unnecessarily complicated. I knew I wanted to use the first POP (I plan to get more) in my office to quickly turn on and off all the lights in that room. The third Long Press gesture was a freebie that I decided to use for setting my Good Night Scene, which locks my front door, lowers the thermostat, dims a couple lights in my living room, and turns off all the rest of the lights in my home. I'll walk you through my process for setting up the following three actions: Single Press: Turn on all the lights in my office. Double Press: Turn off all the lights in my office. Long Press: Set my Good Night Scene. How to add actions Launch the Home app for iOS. Find the POP Smart Button Accessory and 3D Touch or long press on the icon. Tap Details. Next to Single Press tap Add. Choose the Accessories you want to control. Tap Next. Adjust the Accessories to your desired settings (I want Single Press to turn on all the lights). Tap Done. Next to Double Press tap Add. Choose the Accessories you want to control. Tap Next. Adjust the Accessories to your desired settings (I want Double Press to turn on all the lights). Tap Done. Next to Long Press tap Add. Choose the Accessories you want to control. Tap Next. Adjust the Accessories to your desired settings (I want Long Press to set my Good Night Scene). Tap Done. Give each of the actions a try to make sure the POP Smart Button's working how you'd hoped! Responsiveness of the POP Smart Button Once I got my actions loaded in, I spent some time testing the POP's responsiveness. I'm used to smart home automations taking a little bit too much time and I was prepared for the same from the POP (yikes, talk about pessimism!). I'd argue there's nothing more important for a smart home controller than its responsiveness — especially if that controller is a switch. Think about a regular ol' light switch connected to a regular ol' light bulb: As soon as you flip that switch your lights either turn on or turn off; any delay and you begin to wonder if something's wrong. While I would like to count on the same responsiveness from smart home devices, I'm a realist: Wi-Fi signals just don't travel as fast as electricity in a circuit. All that said, I was — and am — incredibly impressed with the POP's responsiveness. My pessimistic expectations were shattered a couple times over by the speed of the POP Smart Button and Apple's HomeKit. I press the button and my lights turn on — not always all at once, but they turn on. Save for the ultra-responsive Philips Hue Motion Sensor, this is the most dependable, reactive controller I've tested. Press on! I'm looking forward to adding more POP Smart Buttons throughout my home, giving each room a reliable way to control the various gadgets I've installed. As a smart home enthusiast, I'm still navigating the tricksy waters of smart home control for my guests. The POP — and any other programmable buttons and switches that come to market — is particularly valuable in helping solve for this problem. Here's what I wrote in response to the question, "How is this better than talking to Siri or Alexa or using the Home app?": I would argue none of the home-control methods you mentioned are better than any of the others. They're all different and they all make sense in different contexts and with different people. My partner loves using Alexa to control the smart devices in our home — I regularly hear him chatting with Alexa about dimming the lights and turning on the fan. I prefer to use the iOS Home app to do most of my smart home control most of the time! My guests almost never want to get an invite to use the iOS Home app during their visit, and many don't care to talk to Alexa or the Google Assistant. They prefer physical controls. The POP Smart Button is a physical control for guests and a multi-purpose device for me. Having that physical button with so much capability isn't only incredibly convenient, it's ideal. After using it for a couple weeks, I can confirm it truly is ideal. I've yet to use the mounting tape included in the Smart Button Kit, 'cause I've taken to carrying the POP around with me from room to room like it's my child. Where can you get a POP Smart Button? Logitech is currently sold out of the HomeKit-enabled POP Smart Button Kit on its own site, but you can find the kit in Apple retail stores. Logitech says the updated kit is set to hit Apple's online store "soon." Still have questions about the Logitech POP Smart Button? Check out our FAQ! Logitech POP Smart Button — everything you need to know! Reader comments Logitech POP: How a button changed the way I interact with my smart home 1 Comment View All Comments Log In to Comment Register Sort by Date Sort by Rating johnnygoodface Hi Mikah! Got one starter kit too and it works great with HomeKit. But I'm now stuck trying to add a second button... Just can't figure out how! How do you do that? I can see my logi:xx:xx and in "details" I see one accessories (my first button), but that's it, there's no way to add a new one from the HomeApp... Even tried a 20 sec reset on the new button, to no avail. Do you think we have to use a POP app for this (if that's the case I'm stuck since the app won't connect with my bridge since it's setup in HomeKit!) ? 0 2 hours ago Reply Menu Log in or Sign up Search Apple Apps & Games Accessories & Toys Photo & Video Health & Fitness Movies & Music Transport Security Rumors Analysis How To The Best Reviews Deals Newsletter Forums Podcasts Android Central WindowsCentral iMore CrackBerry Connectedly TeslaCentral VRHeads MrMobile Modern Dad About Contact Us Jobs Privacy & Terms Mobile Nations 500M Consumers Reached Yearly Copyright 2017 Mobile Nations Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Careers: Writer | Dev Licensing External Links Disclosure Advertising Partner
Skip to main content Menu Order MacBook Pro | iPhone 7 | Mac Pro | Shop: Cheap Wireless Plans Forums Skip to navigation Skip to content iMore Rumors Analysis How To The Best Reviews Deals Newsletter Forums Ask a Question New Posts Trending Discussions iPhone 7 iPhone 7 Plus iPhone 6s iPhone 6s Plus MacBook Pro Apple Watch Series 2 iOS 10 macOS Sierra iPad Pro (12.9-inch) iPad Pro (9.7-inch) Apps & Games Shop HOT ACCESSORY DEAL$ Digital Offers Best sellers New releases Cases and covers Chargers and cables Battery packs Screen Protectors Toggle Search the mothership Apple Maps now lets you browse the new Apple Park campus in all its 3D glory By Mikah Sargent Monday, May 29, 2017 at 9:53 am EDT 0 Comments You've gotta check out these detailed 3D renderings of the new Apple Park campus that the company just added to Apple Maps! When you've got a quick second, launch Apple Maps or utter the phrase, "Hey Siri, show me Apple Park in Cupertino, California," and check out the nifty 3D renderings of Apple's new campus. It's not clandestine 4K drone footage, but it gives you a sense of the detailed structures currently being built by the company. Along with the massive circular structure (that features a perfectly circular pond in its inner ring), you can see several other buildings and landmarks. Notably, the Steve Jobs Theater sits off to one side and the rendering shows the overhanging circular roof and the raised areas beneath. You can also see the massive parking structures and the ramps that lead up to them. The satellite imagery isn't quite as clean and crisp as the new 3D renderings, but they're certainly worth checking out as well. You can get an idea of the massive construction effort by counting the dozens of cranes on the property. It also helps you get an idea of just how big these structures are in comparison to the tiny cars parked all over the site. By the way, if you're not in California and want to check out the renderings, be sure to add "Cupertino, California" to your search query. When I searched for "Apple Park" (I live in the Midwest), Apple Maps showed me an orchard in Kansas. Learn more about Apple Park Want to learn more about Apple's new mothership Apple Park campus? Check out our other posts! Apple Park and the Steve Jobs Theater, opening soon Stroll through Apple Park with Steven Levy What do you think? Do the 3D renderings have you excited for the completion of Apple's new campus or are the buildings not living up to your expectations? Sound off in the comments! Reader comments Apple Maps now lets you browse the new Apple Park campus in all its 3D glory 0 Comments View All Comments Log In to Comment Register Menu Log in or Sign up Search Apple Apps & Games Accessories & Toys Photo & Video Health & Fitness Movies & Music Transport Security Rumors Analysis How To The Best Reviews Deals Newsletter Forums Podcasts Android Central WindowsCentral iMore CrackBerry Connectedly TeslaCentral VRHeads MrMobile Modern Dad About Contact Us Jobs Privacy & Terms Mobile Nations 500M Consumers Reached Yearly Copyright 2017 Mobile Nations Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Careers: Writer | Dev Licensing External Links Disclosure Advertising Partner
make-use-of-logo logo-background menu search search-start close email bookmark facebook google twitter pinterest stumbleupon whatsapp amazon youtube youtube label-rectangle triangle-long down PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Search for: Search Popular Topics The Internet Windows iPhone and iPad Android Mac Gaming MakeUseOf This Is Why You Should Stop Using Google Search Internet Security This Is Why You Should Stop Using Google Search Gavin Phillips This Easy Trick Makes Windows 10 Start Up Faster Windows This Easy Trick Makes Windows 10 Start Up Faster Nancy Messieh Top Deals Search Open Menu Close Menu PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Search for: Move Over GarageBand: Making Music With Auxy for iPhone and iPad iPhone and iPad Creative Move Over GarageBand: Making Music With Auxy for iPhone and iPad Tim Brookes May 29, 2017 29-05-2017 6 minutes Move Over GarageBand: Making Music With Auxy for iPhone and iPad Facebook Twitter Pinterest Stumbleupon Whatsapp Email Apple might have made GarageBand free Download iMovie, GarageBand, Pages, and iWork Free for Mac and iOS Download iMovie, GarageBand, Pages, and iWork Free for Mac and iOS Every Apple user can now download Pages, Numbers, Keynote, Garageband and iMovie completely free of charge, but what are they good for? Read More for all Mac and iOS users, but there’s another free app eating up my spare time called Auxy. Winner of a 2016 Apple Design Award, the app treads a fine line between accessibility and power that makes it one of the best self-contained iOS music creation tools 5 iOS Digital Audio Workstations For Producers On a Budget 5 iOS Digital Audio Workstations For Producers On a Budget So you've transformed your iPad into an endlessly evolving musical instrument, programmed your own tight drum beats and discovered the huge potential of AudioBus. You've sacrificed disk space for samples and your bank balance for... Read More to date. If you’ve never tried making music on your iPhone before, Auxy is the perfect introduction. No Musical Knowledge Required The creative iOS music app scene is a crowded one. There are drum machines like DM-1 ($5) and Funkbox ($5) alongside faithful analog synth recreations like the Korg iMS-20 ($30) and Animoog ($30). There are grooveboxes like the iMPC Pro ($13) and iMaschine ($10) and complete self-contained studios like Gadget ($40) and Nanostudio ($7). There are even serious production tools like Auria Pro ($50) and a system for routing audio and MIDI between apps How to Use CoreMIDI for Music Production on an iPad or iPhone [iOS] How to Use CoreMIDI for Music Production on an iPad or iPhone [iOS] Apple added Core MIDI to iOS 4.2 and since then app developers have been implementing MIDI functionality into their apps. This means you can use your iOS device as both a MIDI controller and with... Read More called Audiobus ($10). While these apps are purpose-built and powerful, many lack the pick-up-and-play user-friendliness on which iOS as a platform was built. Previously the only other app that I’d fallen for like Auxy is the still-excellent and now-free app Figure. Five years after Figure’s initial release, Auxy has unseated it from the top of its user-friendly throne. Central to Auxy’s success is its note editor for creating melodies and drum patterns. Unlike Figure, which hides patterns and instead relies on exacting “live” recording and overdubbing, Auxy gives you access to possibly the best note editor ever seen in an iOS app. Understanding the note editor is easy, regardless of your level of experience. Tap to draw notes, drag to change their length, and combine multiple notes to create chords and other interesting effects. Add a drum beat, sprinkle some percussion over the top, then sit back and admire your work. Building Scenes and Expanding Auxy Making the most of Auxy means mastering the note editor. Add instruments to tracks, then add patterns to instruments using the plus button. Each instrument can play one pattern at a time, while patterns can be dragged and moved between instruments. The whole setup is ripe for experimentation, without letting you jump too far off the deep end. At the top of each pattern you can change the number of bars within the pattern and the size of the grid (choose 1/32 for especially precise patterns). Hit the Soft button to reduce note velocity, while Solo lets you audition the current part on its own without the rest of your song. You can keep adding instruments, creating new patterns within those instruments, and even move patterns between instruments — just drag horizontally, then drop your melody or drum pattern onto another instrument. You can then use scenes to turn your collection of beats, melodies, and basslines into a song. Tap the small arrow to the right of the main scene view to add, change, and manage your scenes. A scene is essentially your choice of patterns and instruments playing for a number of bars. Tap the plus button to add a scene, drag to reorder, or tap and hold to duplicate. You can tap on a scene to change the number of bars that play, to select which bar to start on, or to move or rename it. Pay attention to the Loop button, which when tapped will loop the current scene. Disable the Loop function to play your scenes in order, like a song. As you experiment and build up confidence, you’ll get better at turning your experiment into a finished track. If you tap on the Settings button in the top-right you can change the basic settings for your current song. That includes tempo (measured in beats per minute), the key, and whether you want to use a minor, minor harmonic, or major scale. If you want the rhythm of your song to sound more natural (like a human drummer) then increase the swing. “I can’t stress enough how you don’t necessarily need an understanding of musical theory to have fun and make music here.” Auxy is a free app, and developers need to eat Why I Buy iPhone Apps (and You Should Too) Why I Buy iPhone Apps (and You Should Too) If I have a choice between a free app and a paid app that do very similar things, I’ll buy the paid app every time. Read More . For $5 a go, you can purchase some new sounds, including a good number of melodic instruments and a few drum kits. Choose from classical pianos to vintage analog keys, modern ambient pads, and energetic leads curated by established producers. Or don’t. You get 51 instruments to play with for free. That should keep you busy for a few weeks at least. A Few Quick Tips In the time I’ve spent playing with Auxy, I’ve discovered a few things that might be useful to newcomers. Swipe left on a project, on the very first screen you see, to Duplicate it. This is handy for remixing existing songs without affecting the original. Because no actual audio is stored (just instrument parameters and instructions), your songs take up very little space at all. You can customize the sound of each instrument by tapping on it. Use the Transition button to set a start and endpoint for an effect, like a slow fade-out or cutting the high frequencies with a low-pass filter. Short one-bar scenes can be used to create fills and breaks in your song to shake things up a bit. Use these in conjunction with transitions to produce some interesting effects. Soft notes are especially useful in creating drum patterns. Changing the velocity with a few well-placed soft notes makes for a more interesting rhythm, and can be used to drastically change the feel of the beat. It’s also often a good idea to separate individual drum parts, even after you’ve constructed one large pattern. Just duplicate your instrument a few times and remove the kicks, snares, and hats as necessary. Tap and hold on an instrument to change its color, label, delete, move, or copy it. You can copy an instrument from one project, open another, and paste the instrument (complete with any patterns). You can even render each instrument and currently-selected pattern as individual uncompressed WAVs How Audio Compression Works, and Can You Really Tell the Difference? How Audio Compression Works, and Can You Really Tell the Difference? In this article, we'll take a look at how music compression works, and whether it has any real effect on how your music actually sounds. Read More under the Export menu. Future Promise When you’re happy with your song, why not share it? Select a project and hit the arrow to reveal your scenes, then hit Export. You’ll need to Render your track as audio, so be patient while it’s recorded to file. You can then Export straight to SoundCloud 7 Reasons Why You Should Start Using SoundCloud Today 7 Reasons Why You Should Start Using SoundCloud Today SoundCloud is often thought of as a hangout for indie kids and backyard bands - a place to discover new music. And that's true to an extent, but it's far from the full story. Read More , or create a compressed video or audio version. For the highest available quality, hit More and choose Uncompressed WAV. What lends Auxy more credibility than apps like Figure is its ability to function as a proper MIDI editor. Every pattern you create or drum beat you program can be exported as a universal MIDI file for use in literally any music production suite. You can then take your creations to new heights using more powerful desktop production suites. Simply choose your track, hit the arrow to reveal your scenes, then hit Export (twice). From here you can choose More, then Export as MIDI. As you grow and become a more proficient producer, you may want to invest in a proper digital audio workstation to turn your patterns into polished productions. Or you can keep using Auxy for what it is: a fun musical tool with some real-world creative uses. If you’ve created anything with Auxy, or any other iOS music apps, we’d love to hear it. Why not drop a link to your SoundCloud in the comments below? Image Credit: Anutr Yossundara via Shutterstock.com Previous PostYou Can Now Play Crazy Taxi Free on Your SmartphoneNext PostGoogle Assistant vs. Siri: Which iPhone Voice Assistant Is Best? 0 comments Write a Comment Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Tim Brookes 832 articles Tim is Mac and iOS editor for MakeUseOf and can currently be found living in Melbourne, Australia. You can find him on Twitter at @timbrookes. Advertisement Latest Giveaways GoPro Karma Drone Review and Giveaway GoPro Karma Drone Review and Giveaway Samsung Gear 360 (2017) Review & Giveaway Samsung Gear 360 (2017) Review & Giveaway BeatsX Review & Giveaway: Apple’s Best Earphones Yet? BeatsX Review & Giveaway: Apple’s Best Earphones Yet? Advertisement Trending Android Auto vs. Apple CarPlay: Which In-Car System Is Right for You? Android Entertainment Android Auto vs. Apple CarPlay: Which In-Car System Is Right… Get More Out of Your Fitbit: 10 Android Apps You Should Be Using Android Get More Out of Your Fitbit: 10 Android Apps You… This Is Why You Should Stop Using Google Search Internet Security This Is Why You Should Stop Using Google Search Advertisement Related Articles 6 Best Free Mac Digital Audio Workstations (DAWs) Mac Creative 6 Best Free Mac Digital Audio Workstations (DAWs) How to Make a MIDI Controller with an Arduino DIY How to Make a MIDI Controller with an Arduino Learn Guitar with Jamstik+ (Review and Giveaway) Product Reviews Learn Guitar with Jamstik+ (Review and Giveaway) Advertisement Affiliate Disclosure: By buying the products we recommend, you help keep the lights on at MakeUseOf. Read more. Subscribe to Our Newsletter Email: Advertisement Scroll down for the next article © 2017 MakeUseOf. All Rights Reserved.
News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. Follow The Sun Your Sun Sign in Editions Scottish Sun Irish Sun Sun Bets Sun Bingo Dream Team The Sun The Scottish Sun The Irish Sun Dream Team Sun Bets Fabulous Sun Favourite Sun Bingo Sun Gifts £9.50 Hols Superdays News Corp WSJ.com New York Post The Australian News.com.au Storyful Harper Collins Realtor.com Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Commissioning Terms Help Hub Topic A-Z Sell Your Story The Sun, A News UK Company TOP London Set your weather Now 0°C 9pm 0°C Sign in UK Edition Scottish Sun Irish Sun Sun Bets Sun Bingo Dream Team Search Home Election 2017 Football Sport TV & Showbiz News Living Money Motors Travel Tech Sun Bets Sun Bingo All Tech All Tech Science Phones & Gadgets Gaming FRUITY GOSSIP iPhone 8 pictures hint at key features and specs of upcoming Apple smartphone Latest renders of much-anticipated flagship smartphone suggest Apple has big plans for its 10th anniversary gadget By Jasper Hamill 29th May 2017, 5:22 pm Updated: 30th May 2017, 7:12 am Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments AN Apple expert has produced a pair of images of the iPhone 8 and claimed they are based on leaked blueprints. Benjamin Geskin drew up two artist’s impressions of the upcoming smartphone. Twitter / @VenyaGeskin1 2 It’s claimed this picture shows the back of the iPhone 8, which could have a camera which is arranged vertically The pictures show a vertical camera with twin lenses, suggesting the gadget will be a snapper’s delight. They also show that the front of the phone is entirely covered by a display and indicate it will have no visible fingerprint sensor. If the pics are accurate, this would mean owners will unlock the phone by pressing their digits on the screen rather than on a dedicated scanner. Twitter / @VenyaGeskin1 2 The iPhone 8 may not have a button on the front of it, ditching a design that’s been around since the first iPhone was released 10 years ago The major difference between the iPhone 8 and other models is likely to be an OLED screen which runs from edge-to-edge – a cool visual trick that will be familiar to fans of the Samsung S8. Apple’s iPhone 8 is expected to be a blockbuster update to mark the 10th anniversary of the first gadget’s release. MOST READ IN TECH AND SCIENCE TECH IT OUT! From free AirPods for every buyer and rumours of 'leaked photos', these are the latest details for the iPhone 8 WAKE UP LAZY 'BOTS! Robotic aliens are in hibernation and preparing for a dramatic return to our universe, boffins say 'YOU NAUGHTY GOBLIN' Scientists say these bizarre chat-up lines are guaranteed to woo ladies - but we're not convinced 'WE'D LIKE TO HELP' Instagram issues warning about Blue Whale suicide game - but lets users see self harm pics anyway Are aliens real? These unsolved space mysteries could PROVE extraterrestrials are out there somewhere 'PLUG AND PLAY' PIRACY The European Court has made a ruling over Kodi boxes - so can you still use them? You can read all the rumours about the iPhone 8 here. However, there’s no way of telling exactly what Apple is up to until it unveils its new phone – or phones – later this year. We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368 The Sun Topics Apple Apple Rumours iPhone 8 Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments Comments Most Popular seconds from slaughter ISIS claims responsibility for London Bridge terror attack as chilling video shows jihadi killers stalking pubs looking for revellers to slaughter in deadly rampage News TRAGIC TOT Newborn baby girl dies after trainee midwife mistakenly monitors MUM'S heart rate instead of the child's News DODGING DEATH Tourist reveals he survived London Bridge terror attack by 'ducking and weaving' after being stabbed in the neck News 'OLIVIA WOULDN'T WANT US TO CRY' Ariana Grande pays tribute to Manchester terror victim Olivia Campbell, 15, in front of 50,000 defiant fans before emotional performance with schoolgirl, 12 News GRANDE GESTURE Ariana Grande changed whole Manchester One Love set list for fan who passed away TV & Showbiz body makeover Alex Reid drops ten per cent of his body fat to take part in a bodybuilding competition TV & Showbiz Revealed BRAINWASHED ON YOUTUBE? Ex-Tube worker and Arsenal-supporting family man 'Abz' who tried to radicalise young kids in park 'watched extremist YouTube videos' before London Bridge rampage News Exclusive this gnawing Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield furious after plagues of mice and moths invade This Morning set TV & Showbiz Pictured 'SHE HAD ROOM IN HER HEART FOR EVERYONE' First picture of 'beautiful and loving' Canadian charity worker killed in London Bridge terror attack after moving to Europe to be with her fiancé News ‘THE WOLVES HAVE AWAKENED’ Sick ISIS thugs celebrate London Bridge terror rampage and call for more attacks News Comment DOUGLAS MURRAY Never mind singing John Lennon songs... if we want peace then we need one thing - less Islam News DEAD MEN WALKING London Bridge attack killers filmed striding calmly through market ‘like outlaws from a Western’ News Exclusive holiday reading Antonio Conte is spending summer break poring over Chelsea player data... to avoid repeat of Jose Mourinho's disastrous title defence Football BOUNCER'S BRAVE CHARGE Doorman 'saved countless lives' by pelting jihadis with bottles, glasses and bar stools and driving them into gun cops' sights News Gossip In the Vic of time Manchester United to confirm £30million signing of Benfica youngster Victor Lindelof next week Football Just Published YOU'LL WANNA CRY Leaked NSA cyber-weapon could spark global hack attack 'on scale of WannaCry', experts fear Tech WAKE UP LAZY 'BOTS! Robotic aliens are in hibernation and preparing for a dramatic return to our universe, boffins say Tech ALL WORK AND NO PLAYSTATION... PS4 games will soon be on smartphones, so you can sneakily play them in the office Tech 'YOU NAUGHTY GOBLIN' Scientists say these bizarre chat-up lines are guaranteed to woo ladies - but we're not convinced Tech LOST IN TRANSLATION Samsung's voice assistant Bixby has been delayed because it 'can't speak English' Tech Especsially exciting Get the lowdown on Snapchat Spectacles as secret vending machine launches in TODAY Tech QUITE A SPECTACLE Sun Online tried out Snapchat's £130 camera-equipped (and imaginatively named) 'Spectacles' at today's UK launch - here's our verdict... Tech THEY'VE CRACKED IT! New 'miracle material' 200 times stronger than steel could spell the end of smashed smartphones Tech Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. You can change this and find out more by following this link Close Follow The Sun Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Commissioning Terms Help Hub Topic A-Z Sell Your Story ©News Group Newspapers Limited in England No. 679215 Registered office: 1 London Bridge Street, London, SE1 9GF. "The Sun", "Sun", "Sun Online" are registered trademarks or trade names of News Group Newspapers Limited. This service is provided on News Group Newspapers' Limited's Standard Terms and Conditions in accordance with our Privacy & Cookie Policy. To inquire about a licence to reproduce material, visit our Syndication site. View our online Press Pack. For other inquiries, Contact Us. To see all content on The Sun, please use the Site Map. The Sun website is regulated by the Independent Press Standards Organisation (IPSO) Our journalists strive for accuracy but on occasion we make mistakes. For further details of our complaints policy and to make a complaint please click here.
NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE Foxconn Insider Leaks Details About iPhone 8, Apple Glasses, E-Ink Keyboard, Siri Speaker, More What We Expect Apple to Announce at WWDC 2017 Live Blog of Apple's 2017 WWDC Keynote Sonos Sale: $100 Off Sonos SUB, $50 Off Two PLAY:1 Speakers [Deal] The Robot Factory is Apple's Free 'App of the Week' [Download] iOS 11 Concept Features Updates to Siri, Control Center, Camera, Phone, More [Video] Google Hangouts Now Integrated With the Built-In Phone App on the iPhone Check Out This Gorgeous iPhone Pro Concept [Images] Adobe Releases Free 'Adobe Scan' OCR App for iOS [Download] Microsoft Introduces the Next Generation of Skype [Video] Drone Footage Shows Trees Inside Apple Park Cafe [Video] Apple Begins Decorating the McEnery Convention Center for WWDC 2017 [Photos] Apple Announces Swift Playgrounds Update With Support for Robots, Drones, and Musical Instruments Google Sheets for iOS Now Lets You Insert, Edit, and Change Chart Types Sony Prioritizes Apple CMOS Image Sensor Orders Plex Announces Support for Live TV [Video] Apple Announces Developer Earnings From the App Store Have Topped $70 Billion Apple Maps Updated With 3D View of Apple Park LIKE   TWEET   SHARE   PIN   SHARE   POST MAIL MORE Posted May 29, 2017 at 4:30pm by iClarified · 4324 views · Translate Apple Maps has been updated with a 3D view of Apple Park. To check out the new 3D view on your iOS device, just search for Apple Park in Maps, zoom in and then swipe up with two fingers on the screen to change perspective. You can also check out the 3D view of Apple Park in Maps on macOS. Just search for Apple Park and click the 3D button at the bottom right of the screen. Apple's new campus is nearing completion with employees already said to be slowing moving in. Wired recently got an exclusive look inside the main building, check that out here. Follow iClarified Comments Add Comment Recent Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder News Tutorials Answers Wizards Search Comments Bookmarks Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified Send Us a Tip Contact Us Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder, News, Tutorials, Answers, Wizards, Search, Comments, Bookmarks, Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified, Send Us a Tip, Contact Us Copyright © iClarified. All rights reserved. Privacy. Content.
Navigation Menu Social Media News Social Media News Social Media Help Facebook Help Twitter Help Google+ Help LinkedIn Help Instagram Help Pinterest Help Youtube Help Technology Technology News Tech Tips Apps & Software Gadgets Tablets Apple Kindle Samsung Internet Search Engine News Web Bing Google Yahoo Business Advertising Blogging Development Start Ups Mobile Android Blackberry iPhone Reviews Windows Phone Infographics Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Subscribe To Rss Feed Follow Us On Google+ Home » Apple will reportedly bring AI technology to its chips Apple will reportedly bring AI technology to its chips Home » Apple » Apple will reportedly bring AI technology to its chips Posted By Martha Papadimitriou on May 29, 2017 | 0 comments Share the joy                 According to a report Apple is working on a chip named Apple Neural Engine source: https://storiesofworld.com/brand-logos-and-its-hidden-meaning/2/ Artificial intelligence is one of the hottest trends of 2017. And Apple would not miss an opportunity regarding AI. After all Siri is the most famous AI product since 2011. But, now things have changed and according to a Bloomberg report the company is working on a chip dedicated AI chip, in order to boost the performance. The chip is reportedly called Neural Engine and a person familiar with project said that it will improve devices like iPhones and iPads to handle tasks such as facial and speech recognition. Gene Munster, former Apple analyst and co-founder of venture capital firm Loup Ventures said about the company’s plans: “Two of the areas that Apple is betting its future on require AI,” “At the core of augmented reality and self-driving cars is artificial intelligence.” Now, according to the report this new chip will take the load from the main processor and the graphics chip. This means that the overall performance will be better and of course the battery life will become better. Also the AI chip is designed to bring major improvements to the company’s hardware and the main goal is to bring the chip in devices like the iPhone and iPad. In addition the person with the knowledge about the subject indicated that the tech giant has already tested some prototypes of future iPhones with the chip. But, it’s not sure that the chip will be available ay time soon. However it is possible that Apple will choose to reveal something about their AI projects at the WWDC in June. The same source claims that the tech giant will introduce the newest operating system iOS 11, for iPhones and iPads, with an updated interface. And they might say something about the laptops with chips from Intel. It seems that Apple doesn’t want to stay to far behind from its competitors. Amazon has Echo with many new features and Google Home is pretty popular. So artificial intelligence is a crucial part from the company’s future. Also, since 2010 the California-based company is working on its own processors in-house. Besides the A4 chip for iPhone and iPad they have released the processors for the Apple Watch, the motion sensors across its products, the wireless components inside of its AirPods, and the fingerprint scanner in the MacBook Pro. Apple didn’t want to make a statement about the chip and maybe the developer’s conference is the place to do it. Share the joy                 Share this: Reddit Email Facebook Skype Twitter Tumblr Google LinkedIn More Pinterest Author: Martha Papadimitriou Martha is a journalist, a blog writer, a mother and a bookworm. She studied Journalism and Communication and graduated in 2002. She has a restless spirit and loves to learn new things. Martha also wants to make the world a better place, and when she is not working she enjoys reading and cooking. Share This Post On Google Facebook Twitter Search SocialBarrel.com Search for: Subscribe! Our Sponsor Create your online store with WixStores! Our Sponsor Recent From Social Media News Facebook Instant Articles Is Now Compatible With Apple News and Google AMP Jun 4, 2017 Reddit users will now be able to add location to any mobile post Jun 1, 2017 Twitter rolls out filters to help keep strangers off your DM May 31, 2017 Essential Phone is official and brought by the Android creator May 30, 2017 Snapchat now requires you to activate location services when using basic features May 29, 2017 Advertisement Home About us Our Team Privacy Contact Write for us Advertise With Us! A Venture Geeks project Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Apps iPhone Apps iPad Apps Mac Apps Apple TV Apps Apple Watch Apps The Best Apps Tutorials Jailbreak Jailbreak Tweaks Jailbreak Guide Unlock Guide Deals Latest Deals Devices iPhone iPad Mac Apple Watch Apple TV More Download Wallpapers iPhone Photography Expert Tips Podcasts Apple could open app development facility in Indonesia Christian Zibreg on May 29, 2017 0 Apple could open an app development center in Jakarta, the capital and the most populous city of Indonesia and home to an upcoming Apple research and development center. According to a source who spoke with Japanese outlet Nikkei, Apple’s app development center will open in suburban Jakarta as early as October, allowing the company to start selling its newest phones in Indonesia. The Cupertino technology giant currently relies on a network of resellers to push iPhones in the country as the devices are unavailable through its online store in Indonesia. But what do apps have to do with hardware sales? Nikkei explains that Indonesia in 2015 imposed regulatory rules requiring phones sold in the country to use at least 30 percent locally procured components by 2017. Apple did not set up local production in the country, but last year the government had a change of heart and now counts locally developed mobile apps as “locally produced” content for smartphones. Sensing an opportunity, Apple is now set to open an app development facility in Jakarta. However, the policy change has drawn the ire of Samsung, which in 2015 established a smartphone production line inside its existing manufacturing plant in suburban Jakarta. “Had the rule on app development come earlier, the South Korean company could have saved a lot of money by using Apple’s approach,” added Nikkei. “Policy shift means Apple can meet the quota with a smaller investment,” reads the article. Similar sourcing requirements for foreign goods have prevented Apple from selling iPhones directly to customers in India. Recently, however, Apple and the Indian government have come to terms of doing business locally, paving the way for iPhone SE production in the country. Tagged: Apple Apps Government Indonesia News MORE FROM iDB Chinese government takes issue with live streaming apps on App Store Facebook halts WhatsApp data collection in UK following privacy probe Apple to announce Siri support for larger variety of apps at WWDC Featured Latest Jailbreak tweaks of the week: Charge, TouchBar, & more… Halide, Clarity, Adobe Scan, and other apps to check out this weekend How to live stream WWDC 2017 on iPhone, iPad, Apple TV, Mac, Windows, and Android Daily Deals: 20% off PlayStation Plus membership, 10% off Uber gift card, and more Mad Max, Pulp Fiction and other iTunes movies on sale right now How to track your sleep using your iPhone and Apple Watch WWDC 2017 wallpapers and logo pack Jailbreak tweaks of the week: Charge, TouchBar, & more… WWDC 2017, rumors of Siri speaker, new Macs, and other top stories this week on iDB Apple to announce Siri support for larger variety of apps at WWDC Jailbreak News Jailbreak tweaks of the week: Charge, TouchBar, & more… New jailbreak tweak brings a MacBook Pro-style Touch Bar to your iPhone Hide stuff from your Lock screen with LSHiddenTools10 JailbreakersUnite: a new conference that aims to bring jailbreak community members together SaveBot lets you save videos from your timeline in Tweetbot Apps How to track your sleep using your iPhone and Apple Watch Apple to announce Siri support for larger variety of apps at WWDC Halide, Clarity, Adobe Scan, and other apps to check out this weekend Can Facebook win over the Snapchat audience with purported teen-centric Talk app? Apple’s free app of the week: The Robot Factory Accessories 10.5″ iPad Pro screen protector surfaces ahead of rumored WWDC announcement Nike’s new sneaker-matching Apple Watch bands now available for purchase Twelve South’s BookArc stand for Apple notebooks now available in Space Gray Apple’s begun manufacturing its Siri speaker ahead of WWDC Elgato debuts Eve Degree HomeKit sensor [video review] Deals Instant Snap-On Smart Wall Outlets for $16 Daily Burn: Premium Membership for $99 10-Ft MFi-Certified Lightning Cable: 3-Pack for $16 Newsletter Get updates directly into your inbox. Subscribe Download the iDB app About | Contact | Advertise | Disclosure | Privacy Policy 2017 © iDownloadBlog.com - This website is not affiliated with Apple. Home Apps Tutorials Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Downloads Wallpapers Accessories Deals Podcasts Write for iDB Contact Us
Latest News Dow 21,206 +62.11 +0.29% Nasdaq 6,306 +58.97 +0.94% S&P 500 2,439 +9.01 +0.37% 10:58 P.M. ET Asian markets hold steady, shaking off U.K. turmoil 10:40 P.M. ET Updated Herbalife to lower its quarterly sales outlook: report 9:52 P.M. ET Vladimir Putin was being a troll and Megyn Kelly wasn’t having it 9:49 P.M. ET Top Democrat says there’s smoke, but ‘no smoking gun’ yet in Russia probe 9:24 P.M. ET Updated This is why baby boomers are divorcing at a stunning rate 9:23 P.M. ET Putin denies U.S. election meddling, says he barely met Mike Flynn 9:23 P.M. ET Updated 4 lifestyle changes to reduce your cancer risk 9:22 P.M. ET Updated 9 secrets to staying young 9:22 P.M. ET Updated How to get all Americans to save for retirement 9:21 P.M. ET Updated When does the five-year rule apply to Roth IRAs? 7:49 P.M. ET Updated Facebook aims to be ‘hostile environment for terrorists’ 7:31 P.M. ET Updated You’ve probably never heard of the fastest-growing job in America (clue: it helps the environment) 7:29 P.M. ET Updated U.S. households now have as much debt as they had in 2008 7:26 P.M. ET Updated Baby boomers ruined America, according to this Generation X author 7:25 P.M. ET Updated Teenage boys and girls are choosing very different careers 7:25 P.M. ET Updated More evidence student debt is making young people think twice about marriage 7:25 P.M. ET Updated 11 ways to build a Paris climate change accord — in your own community 7:24 P.M. ET Updated Is my golfing buddy the cheapest guy in America? He asked me to Venmo him $1.50 7:24 P.M. ET Updated Want to help the environment? Use solar power — without putting panels on your roof 7:06 P.M. ET Updated German shipping giant Rickmers files for insolvency Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries Retail/Wholesale $27,000 Apple Watch look-alikes are nearly sold out, but they can only tell time By Barbara Kollmeyer Published: May 30, 2017 8:18 a.m. ET Share For some people, the ‘true luxury’ is time, says Swiss maker H. Moser & Cie Not your Apple Watch. The Swiss Alp Watch Zzzz By BarbaraKollmeyer Markets reporter When wealthy individuals started snapping up a limited run of a high-end luxury watched that looks like an Apple Watch, yet has none of the high-tech features, the Swiss watchmaker responsible said it was simply about time. The nearly 200-year Switzerland-based company, H. Moser & Cie, announced its $26,900 timepiece — The Swiss Alp Watch Zzzz — via a press release last week. The rectangular case and glossy black dial — sans label — of the Zzzz could be “mistaken for a smartwatch on standby,” the company said. Among those it resembles is Apple’s AAPL, +1.48%  own Watch. But the Zzzz has one function only: it tells the time. “In response to the cold electronics of connected watches, H. Moser & Cie. presents the soul of mechanical watchmaking. With a minimum power reserve of 4 days, fully rechargeable by hand, it couldn’t be further from the world of the smartwatch,” said the company. At the high end of Apple’s own smartwatch offerings is a $1,499 Hermès inspired watch with a barenia leather, double-cuff band. Meanwhile, the Swiss Alp Watch Zzzz sports a solid 18 carat white-gold diamond case, with a sapphire crystal. The back is see-through, so that you can take a peek at the fine Swiss watch detailing. If a glossy black dial isn’t your thing, you can also pick the Funky Blue dial, “an example of watchmaking yin and yang,” said the company. Choice of straps for the Swiss piece are “hand-stitched black alligator or beige kudu leather,” which come with an 18-carat “solid white gold pin buckle engraved with the Moser logo.” So exclusive is this high-end anti-smartwatch that it is limited to a run of just 20. And too bad if you’re moved to part with thousands for a watch that will only give you the time of day, as they’re 90% sold out, H. Moser’s public relations manager Nathalie Cobos, told MarketWatch in a telephone interview on Monday. H. Moser & Cie The “Brrr” She added that the cool blue version, nicknamed the “Brrrr,” was especially popular among clients who snapped up the watch. As Cobos explained, the watch was pre-presented in Basel in March at a trade show, and many were preordered subsequently. Of that 90%, she said Asian clients scooped up 50%, Europe 25% and then the Middle East another 25%. U.S. clients, she said, weren’t so responsive. But why would anyone want to pay nearly $27,000 for a watch that does nothing but tell time? “It’s more than a watch, it is a statement,” says Cobos, adding that the Zzzz taps into the current debate about being too connected trough wearable devices. “Lots of our customers, they have already a smartwatch and they use it for other purposes and they’d love to have a mechanical, traditional watch,” she says. “I think there are a lot of people who say the true luxury is time.” And a watch that just does what they were set out to do gives individuals “more time for them. To get back their own values and get more focused on themselves and their family and the ones they love, instead of always being connected,” she said. Read: The truly hip go for the pocketwatch Cobos says one of the biggest selling points of the Zzzz is its lack of a logo. They trialed a no-logo concept with another watch collection, though they were discouraged to try to sell a pricey watch without a label. However, demand for the logo-less watch soared, and they realized they were onto something. Besides, she said, those who love the company’s watches can tell the make without a logo. “Traditionally speaking, when branding wasn’t so important, when watchmakers first produced, they signed their name on the back of the watch,” which she says they’re now returning to. As for smartwatches? It’s not going to happen, she says — “We don’t know how to do that.” Read: Fitbit soars as smartwatch launch cheers analysts Bloomberg News Apple Watch pictured April 10, 2015. Meanwhile back in Cupertino: Apple’s own watches, along with headphones and other accessories, brought in $2.87 billion in the most recent quarter, handily beating analysts expectations, even as its iPhone unit sales disappointed. A survey from earlier this year by International Data Corp. showed the craze for wearables has been steadily rising, and the craze is far from dead. However, Fossil Group FOSL, -1.83%  , best known for fashion watches with a retro design, has found the push into wearables isn’t so easy. Richemont CFR, +0.93%  , owner of the Cartier brand, also posted an underwhelming recent quarter for watch sales and Swatch, best known for its non-pricey plastic watches, but also the owner of luxury brands, such as Omega, Blancpain and Breguet, said 2016 was just “not a winning year.” Last year, of course, marked a tough year for Swiss watchmakers amid a decline in Chinese tourists and terrorism worries. Some say, the turnaround has now begun. More from MarketWatch More Coverage Trump Announcement on Paris Climate Accord Quote References AAPL +2.27 +1.48% FOSL -0.20 -1.83% CFR +0.75 +0.93% Most Popular Stock market bracing for potentially the most explosive stretch of trading this year Harley-Davidson is recalling 57,000 motorcycles Paint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400 Costco versus Amazon Prime — which membership offers more value? Trump Quits Climate Deal — Citing ‘America First’ Barbara Kollmeyer Barbara Kollmeyer is an editor for MarketWatch in Madrid. Follow her on Twitter @bkollmeyer. MarketWatch Partner Center Barbara Kollmeyer Barbara Kollmeyer is an editor for MarketWatch in Madrid. Follow her on Twitter @bkollmeyer. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Apple Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AAPL $155.45 +2.27 (+1.48%) Volume 27.2M Open $153.58 High $155.45 Low $152.89 P/E Ratio 18.18 Div Yield 1.62 Market Cap 810.5B Fossil Group Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: FOSL $10.72 -0.20 (-1.83%) Volume 2.5M Open $10.99 High $11.00 Low $10.69 P/E Ratio 21.02 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 519.5M Compagnie Financiere Richemont S.A. Switzerland: SWX Europe: CFR CHF81.50 +0.75 (+0.93%) Volume 1.1M Open CHF81.15 High CHF81.65 Low CHF81.00 P/E Ratio 35.17 Div Yield 2.09 Market Cap 46.8B
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Bs Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               Company Science & Technology News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Companies » News Fitch downgrades IDBI Bank's rating on deteriorating finances in 2 years Snapdeal founders, NVP invest Rs 113 crore in parent company Business Standard Apple, Facebook eye control of digital payments IP in India Both firms have made several applications for patents pertaining to digital payments in the country Gireesh Babu & Alnoor Peermohamed  |  Chennai/Bengaluru  May 30, 2017 Last Updated at 01:32 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UVpYj4 . ALSO READ Facebook seeks to up-end digital payment market Facebook files patent application for payment services via messages Natco partner clears one patent hurdle for US generic launch US always had black inventors - even when patent system excluded them . Apple has submitted at least five applications with the Indian Patent office over the past one year for innovations related to digital payments as it looks at services as a way to boost sales of its iPhones in India. Last week, social networking giant Facebook made a patent application for a digital wallet baked into an instant messaging services -- Messenger and WhatsApp presumably. The influx of patent applications comes at a time when India is pushing for electronic payments as a tool to bring in more people into formal economy and increase its tax base. Apple's patent applications range from innovations around using biometrics to authenticate payments to securely transferring payment to a device such as a point of sale device. The move points at the company preparing to bring its Apple Pay service to India, following rivals Samsung and Google which have also begun working on the same. Apple Pay is the company's proprietary system for making payments using Apple devices in stores, within apps and even on the web. In the US, Apple Pay works with all major credit and debit card providers, where a user's phone can save the card details securely and use it instead of having to carry the physical card. Both firms did not offer comment. Both Apple and Facebook's move to apply for patents relating to digital payments comes despite India's stand on not allowing patents on software, unless paired with hardware in an innovative way. Last year, the Controller General of Patents, Designs and Trademarks decided to scrap revised guidelines that said patents on software would be granted on the basis of 'demonstrating technical advancement. However exceptions are there for devices with software. "The law in India clearly states that software is intrinsically not patentable. The Joint Parliamentary Committee on Patents had very clearly said that software as such is not intended to be granted patents. In 2005, a move to amend the Patent Act such that it allows software to be patented , was rejected by parliament on the grounds that it could lead to monopoly of MNCs," says Venkatesh Hariharan, member of iSPIRT's expert group on software patents. "Given this legislative history, we believe that the Indian Patent Office (IPO) must uphold the will of the Indian Parliament, and reject these patents" "Software is basically applied logic, and if logic cannot be patented, how can software be patented?," he added. If Apple and Facebook's patent applications are granted, it could hurt homegrown digital payments firms such as Paytm, Mobikwik, Freecharge and several others. The success of these firms is not forcing large global technology companies to get into the game, which are looking at utilising their resources to control IP and give them an edge over rivals. Indian firms such as Paytm have been able to grow to massive proportions (220 million registered users) in a relatively short period of time, as they haven't faced too many restrictions apart from the forward looking regulations the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has put in place. But activists say patents favour large global firms and not startups which often cannot afford the high cost of filing patents. In the US and Europe, technology companies hoarding patents has become a huge cause of concern, as they look to fend off competition through legal blocking rather than innovation. In recent past there have been several instances of multi-billion dollar patent lawsuits that have flooded courts. "Even in the US, which had the most permissive regime for software patents, a series of court judgements in the last few years have drastically curtailed the scope for patenting software. Almost 38 percent of patent litigation in the US is around software, because it is difficult to draw boundaries around abstract ideas like software. If the Indian patent office takes a clear stance on this topic, we can avoid making the same expensive mistakes that countries like the US have made in this area." added Hariharan. Read More On Apple | Facebook | Digital Payments | Patent Application | Ispirt | India Patent Act | Apple And Facebook Eye Control Of Digital Payments In India | Companies | News PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance Apple, Facebook eye control of digital payments IP in India Both firms have made several applications for patents pertaining to digital payments in the country > Apple has submitted at least five applications with the Indian Patent office over the past one year for innovations related to digital payments as it looks at services as a way to boost sales of its iPhones in India. Last week, social networking giant Facebook made a patent application for a digital wallet baked into an instant messaging services - Messenger and WhatsApp presumably. The influx of patent applications comes at a time when India is pushing for electronic payments as a tool to bring in more people into formal economy and increase its tax base. Apple's patent applications range from innovations around using biometrics to authenticate payments to securely transferring payment to a device such as a point of sale device. The move points at the company preparing to bring its Apple Pay service to India, following rivals Samsung and Google which have also begun working on the same. Apple Pay is the company's proprietary system for making payments using Apple devices in ... . Apple has submitted at least five applications with the Indian Patent office over the past one year for innovations related to digital payments as it looks at services as a way to boost sales of its iPhones in India. Last week, social networking giant Facebook made a patent application for a digital wallet baked into an instant messaging services -- Messenger and WhatsApp presumably. The influx of patent applications comes at a time when India is pushing for electronic payments as a tool to bring in more people into formal economy and increase its tax base. Apple's patent applications range from innovations around using biometrics to authenticate payments to securely transferring payment to a device such as a point of sale device. The move points at the company preparing to bring its Apple Pay service to India, following rivals Samsung and Google which have also begun working on the same. Apple Pay is the company's proprietary system for making payments using Apple devices in stores, within apps and even on the web. In the US, Apple Pay works with all major credit and debit card providers, where a user's phone can save the card details securely and use it instead of having to carry the physical card. Both firms did not offer comment. Both Apple and Facebook's move to apply for patents relating to digital payments comes despite India's stand on not allowing patents on software, unless paired with hardware in an innovative way. Last year, the Controller General of Patents, Designs and Trademarks decided to scrap revised guidelines that said patents on software would be granted on the basis of 'demonstrating technical advancement. However exceptions are there for devices with software. "The law in India clearly states that software is intrinsically not patentable. The Joint Parliamentary Committee on Patents had very clearly said that software as such is not intended to be granted patents. In 2005, a move to amend the Patent Act such that it allows software to be patented , was rejected by parliament on the grounds that it could lead to monopoly of MNCs," says Venkatesh Hariharan, member of iSPIRT's expert group on software patents. "Given this legislative history, we believe that the Indian Patent Office (IPO) must uphold the will of the Indian Parliament, and reject these patents" "Software is basically applied logic, and if logic cannot be patented, how can software be patented?," he added. If Apple and Facebook's patent applications are granted, it could hurt homegrown digital payments firms such as Paytm, Mobikwik, Freecharge and several others. The success of these firms is not forcing large global technology companies to get into the game, which are looking at utilising their resources to control IP and give them an edge over rivals. Indian firms such as Paytm have been able to grow to massive proportions (220 million registered users) in a relatively short period of time, as they haven't faced too many restrictions apart from the forward looking regulations the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has put in place. But activists say patents favour large global firms and not startups which often cannot afford the high cost of filing patents. In the US and Europe, technology companies hoarding patents has become a huge cause of concern, as they look to fend off competition through legal blocking rather than innovation. In recent past there have been several instances of multi-billion dollar patent lawsuits that have flooded courts. "Even in the US, which had the most permissive regime for software patents, a series of court judgements in the last few years have drastically curtailed the scope for patenting software. Almost 38 percent of patent litigation in the US is around software, because it is difficult to draw boundaries around abstract ideas like software. If the Indian patent office takes a clear stance on this topic, we can avoid making the same expensive mistakes that countries like the US have made in this area." added Hariharan. Gireesh Babu & Alnoor Peermohamed Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Apple, Facebook eye control of digital payments IP in India Both firms have made several applications for patents pertaining to digital payments in the country . Apple has submitted at least five applications with the Indian Patent office over the past one year for innovations related to digital payments as it looks at services as a way to boost sales of its iPhones in India. Last week, social networking giant Facebook made a patent application for a digital wallet baked into an instant messaging services -- Messenger and WhatsApp presumably. The influx of patent applications comes at a time when India is pushing for electronic payments as a tool to bring in more people into formal economy and increase its tax base. Apple's patent applications range from innovations around using biometrics to authenticate payments to securely transferring payment to a device such as a point of sale device. The move points at the company preparing to bring its Apple Pay service to India, following rivals Samsung and Google which have also begun working on the same. Apple Pay is the company's proprietary system for making payments using Apple devices in stores, within apps and even on the web. In the US, Apple Pay works with all major credit and debit card providers, where a user's phone can save the card details securely and use it instead of having to carry the physical card. Both firms did not offer comment. Both Apple and Facebook's move to apply for patents relating to digital payments comes despite India's stand on not allowing patents on software, unless paired with hardware in an innovative way. Last year, the Controller General of Patents, Designs and Trademarks decided to scrap revised guidelines that said patents on software would be granted on the basis of 'demonstrating technical advancement. However exceptions are there for devices with software. "The law in India clearly states that software is intrinsically not patentable. The Joint Parliamentary Committee on Patents had very clearly said that software as such is not intended to be granted patents. In 2005, a move to amend the Patent Act such that it allows software to be patented , was rejected by parliament on the grounds that it could lead to monopoly of MNCs," says Venkatesh Hariharan, member of iSPIRT's expert group on software patents. "Given this legislative history, we believe that the Indian Patent Office (IPO) must uphold the will of the Indian Parliament, and reject these patents" "Software is basically applied logic, and if logic cannot be patented, how can software be patented?," he added. If Apple and Facebook's patent applications are granted, it could hurt homegrown digital payments firms such as Paytm, Mobikwik, Freecharge and several others. The success of these firms is not forcing large global technology companies to get into the game, which are looking at utilising their resources to control IP and give them an edge over rivals. Indian firms such as Paytm have been able to grow to massive proportions (220 million registered users) in a relatively short period of time, as they haven't faced too many restrictions apart from the forward looking regulations the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has put in place. But activists say patents favour large global firms and not startups which often cannot afford the high cost of filing patents. In the US and Europe, technology companies hoarding patents has become a huge cause of concern, as they look to fend off competition through legal blocking rather than innovation. In recent past there have been several instances of multi-billion dollar patent lawsuits that have flooded courts. "Even in the US, which had the most permissive regime for software patents, a series of court judgements in the last few years have drastically curtailed the scope for patenting software. Almost 38 percent of patent litigation in the US is around software, because it is difficult to draw boundaries around abstract ideas like software. If the Indian patent office takes a clear stance on this topic, we can avoid making the same expensive mistakes that countries like the US have made in this area." added Hariharan. Gireesh Babu & Alnoor Peermohamed Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Cars TECH Android Apple Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable MORE Entertainment Science Health Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Cars Tech   Android Apple Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable More   Entertainment Science Health Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search 10 iPad Pro apps to help you ditch the laptop JC Torres - May 29, 2017 1 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Apple has been harping on and on about how the iPad Pro is not a PC and more than a PC but it hasn’t exactly said much about how. Aside from, of course, having a keyboard accessory and running Microsoft Office’s mobile suite. There is a grain of truth in that, of course. Thanks to the iPad Pro’s beefy specs and the almighty Pencil, it definitely comes close to replacing your PC. Here are 10 classes of apps that can help you leave the bulky laptop at home while you go about your merry way. Channeling da Vincie: Procreate and Medibang Since the dawn of the iPad, people have desperately tried to create works of art on the slate with their stubby fingers or equally stubby rubber styluses. It wasn’t until the arrival of the Apple Pencil that things took a more serious turn. You aren’t going to find any complete Photoshop replacement, and for good reason, but there are a few apps that come close to replacing it in your workflow. Heck, some have even created (not to mention sold) professional artwork on iPad Pros alone. At the top of the list is Procreate, which rivals Photoshop and many of its iOS counterparts in its brush engine and fluidity of performance, paired with the precision and tilt recognition of the Apple Pencil. But for those whose work goes beyond digital painting, especially comics artists, Procreate isn’t enough. That’s where Medibang Paint comes in, with its tools that make creating panels and typing in text a breeze. One benefit of Medibang Paint is that it is also available on desktops. Together with cloud syncing, this makes switching back and forth mobile and desktop near seamless. Inspiration anywhere: Adobe app While Adobe is mostly hailed in the desktop world as the king of digital content creation, on mobile it takes on a secondary yet interesting role. Its mediocre Photoshop and Illustrator equivalents hold no candle the likes of Procreate, but it offers a number of tools for iOS that still help tremendously in the creation process. To be less vague, Adobe has a set of tools that help kickstart inspiration and creativity, allowing users to capture ideas or photos and turn them into references or moodboards. Most of these apps you won’t find in Adobe’s desktop software but, since they’re connected to Adobe’s Cloud, you can easily share content easily between them. Mixing up music: GarageBand While we’re mostly steering away from Apple’s and Microsoft’s software in this list, because the’re pretty much a given, we’ll throw Apple a bone on this one. When you need to whip up professional-sounding music, especially in a pinch, you need not look further than GarageBand. Indies and even some pros swear by it, despite the connotation that comes with vendor-made apps. If, on the other hand, you need something with a bit of a DJ spirit, edjing Pro is your digital turntable and deck on the go. Creating videos: Pinnacle Studio Pro/Vizzywig 4K Creating and editing videos, in contrast, usually require a bit more bells and whistles. Some will, of course, be satisfied with what Apple’s iMovie iOS app has to offer, but the pros have something more worth their while. Pinnacle Studio Pro is billed as Adobe Premiere or Final Cut for iOS. And if you will judge that by its interface, it definitely fits the image. Despite the seemingly cluttered workspace, everything is still touch friendly, though you can always use your Pencil for more precise controls. If, for some reason, you need to create or edit 4K videos right on your iPad, then Vizzywig 4K is the way to go. It is as much a testament to the power of the iPad Pro as it is to the crazy apps you can think up for it. However, be warned that Vizzywig 4K is easily the most expensive app on the App Store, at $99.99 down from its previous $999.99. Watching videos: VLC The iPad Pro’s huge and advanced screens make it a natural for watching videos. And while many consume their videos from online sources, there will always be times when you need or want to watch something offline. Despite being late to iOS, VLC is still considered the universal video player, both in terms of the platforms its supports as well as the media codecs it can play. It has a few special features that make it stand out on iOS, aside from being able to play almost anything, especially those that have subtitles. For one, it supports Picture-in-Picture mode, letting you “be productive” while watching a video. Another is that you don’t need iTunes to transfer videos for it to play. In addition to streaming from a network or discovering networked computers, you can also directly send files to VLC from your web browser, provided the two are on the same local network. Office productivity: Readdle apps No, we aren’t going to give in and name Office or iWorks. Productivity, whether it be in work or in life in general, is so much more than just creating or editing word documents, spreadsheets, and slides. A lot of it revolves around organization of documents, files, and digital content, some of the low points of iOS as an operating system. Readdle suite of apps goes beyond mere creation and editing. Readlle is the creator of one of the more popular third-party calendar apps on iOS, Calendars 5, as well as an e-mail client named Spark. Perhaps one of its most popular apps is Documents, which is a misleading name for what is basically a file manager. One of the interesting to happen lately is that Readdle implemented something iPad users have been dying to have: dragging and dropping files between apps. Of course, it’s limited to Readdle’s own apps, but it could get the trend started. Productive laziness: Workflow One of the tenets of productivity is to automate rote, repetitive, and menial tasks. And just because your on an iPad Pro doesn’t meant you escape from the drudgery of such tasks. Thankfully, there is Workflow for iOS. Though not as fully featured and flexible as Automator for macOS, Workflow is amazing for what it is able to accomplish given the limitations of iOS. Want to immediately prep a social post for a photo you just took, with fields immediately filled up? You can automate that with Workflow? How about crop and watermark screenshots with minimum fuss? You can do that too. Workflow’s limitations are mostly due to the restrictions that iOS imposes. Now that Apple has acquired Workflow, however, we might see a bit less limitations there. Or Apple might completely integrate it into iOS even. Now wouldn’t that be grand! Crafting apps: Codea/Pythonista/Mobile C/etc Given those same limitations, you might be surprised that you can actually write programs directly on your iPad Pro. No, not just toy or quiz programs, but nontrivial ones. You can even make games, within limits of course. There are a couple of programming environments available on iOS that can tickle your development bones. Codea, for example, leverages the easy-to-learn and lightweight Lua language to create rather involved games directly on the iPad. Pythonista, on the other hand, harnesses almost all the “batteries included” of Python for more complex scripts and programs, which can also neatly tie in with Workflow for an even grander application. If you’re bent is more on the close to the metal C and C++, there’s Mobile C, which even lets you use OpenGL ES and SDL 2 libraries for graphics. Of course, don’t expect to publish your apps the the Store. You’ll still need a Mac (or a Hackintosh) for that. Going the distance: Screens/Splashtop/TeamViewer It is inevitable that you will eventually need to access a PC or Mac, perhaps for work. Maybe you’re out in the field and you need to access of home or office computer. Or maybe you just want to not have to bring your laptop or MacBook with you wherever you go, but still have the option to use it wherever you are. All those scenarios are possible with the magic of remote desktops. Some initial setup might be required, by your work’s system administrator or by yourself, or some cloud sign up, but once that’s done, you really won’t be tethered by your work or home computer anymore. There are quite a number of options out there and the competition is rather tight. Splashtop and TeamViewer are some of the biggest names in this market, but each one has their own subscription scheme that may or may not appeal to you. Almost all of them, however, are free to try, and it definitely won’t hurt if you do. Double vision: Duet Display Pro and AstroPad Admittedly, this is less of an “iPad Pro replaces your PC/Mac”. This is instead an “iPad Pro makes your PC/Mac awesome”. Both Duet Display, specifically Duet Display Pro, and Astropad share a few features in common, but each attacks the problem for a different vantage point. Astropad is designed and optimized for turning your iPad Pro into a Wacom Cintiq, allowing you to use the Pencil to draw on the iPad Pro’s screen and have that carried over to the PC or Mac, as if you were drawing on them directly. Of course, it also carries over pressure sensitivity and tilt, giving you a more portable and multi-purpose art tablet. Astropad, however, is limited to only mirroring what’s on the computer’s screen. Duet Display, in contrast, started out as a way to extend your PC or Mac screen like you would a second monitor. You can also use it as simply a mirror or even a the primary screen (with some caveats). In the Pro subscription-version, however, it gained the ability to also use the Apple Pencil for pressure-sensitive drawing. It even gained the ability to display the Touchbar for Mac apps that support it. Its limitation over Astropad is that it only works via a cable, while Astropad supports both wired and wireless connections. Wrap-up As much as fans and Apple itself might want it to, the iPad Pro still won’t be able to replace laptops. Much of that as to do with the sometimes arbitrary limitations imposed by iOS. Limitations that app developers, creative bunch as they are, have been able to work around, producing apps like Workflow, Codea, and Pythonista. But it’s getting there, and it might even be the destination Apple is eying. For now though, yes, you can just bring you iPad Pro with you and leave your laptop or MacBook at home. Just don’t get rid of it yet. Tags appAppleiOSiPad Promobile Must Read Bits & Bytes Apple’s roadmap allegedly leaked: iPhone 8, Glasses, 2018 MacBook, more Coinbase tipped at $1b valuation as demand for cryptocurrency soars Why DigiByte’s price is soaring: $DGB, Minecraft, Memes, and Citibank Rooting Android phones is no longer cool, it’s a liability Trump pulls US from Paris Agreement: Elon Musk quits councils as tech firms react Latest Headlines Sony tees off first mobile game in Japan Jun 4, 2017 OnePlus 2 will no longer receive updates Jun 4, 2017 SpaceX lands 11th rocket following first launch of reused Dragon capsule Jun 4, 2017 Del.icio.us link-sharing site shuts down after Pinboard acquisition Jun 4, 2017 Essential hit with trademark dispute from Spigen Jun 4, 2017 Latest Reviews HTC U11 Review: You won’t buy this, but you should Jun 1, 2017 Elgato Eve Degree Review: A simple temperature & humidity HomeKit sensor May 31, 2017 Lenovo Thinkpad 13 Review (2017): Cheap and mostly cheerful May 30, 2017 Cinder Grill Review: Sous-vide’s even geekier rival May 29, 2017 Pirates of the Caribbean 5 Review: A bad end to an OK series May 29, 2017 Search © 2005-2017 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
Latest News Dow 21,206 +62.11 +0.29% Nasdaq 6,306 +58.97 +0.94% S&P 500 2,439 +9.01 +0.37% 10:58 P.M. ET Asian markets hold steady, shaking off U.K. turmoil 10:40 P.M. ET Updated Herbalife to lower its quarterly sales outlook: report 9:52 P.M. ET Vladimir Putin was being a troll and Megyn Kelly wasn’t having it 9:49 P.M. ET Top Democrat says there’s smoke, but ‘no smoking gun’ yet in Russia probe 9:24 P.M. ET Updated This is why baby boomers are divorcing at a stunning rate 9:23 P.M. ET Putin denies U.S. election meddling, says he barely met Mike Flynn 9:23 P.M. ET Updated 4 lifestyle changes to reduce your cancer risk 9:22 P.M. ET Updated 9 secrets to staying young 9:22 P.M. ET Updated How to get all Americans to save for retirement 9:21 P.M. ET Updated When does the five-year rule apply to Roth IRAs? 7:49 P.M. ET Updated Facebook aims to be ‘hostile environment for terrorists’ 7:31 P.M. ET Updated You’ve probably never heard of the fastest-growing job in America (clue: it helps the environment) 7:29 P.M. ET Updated U.S. households now have as much debt as they had in 2008 7:26 P.M. ET Updated Baby boomers ruined America, according to this Generation X author 7:25 P.M. ET Updated Teenage boys and girls are choosing very different careers 7:25 P.M. ET Updated More evidence student debt is making young people think twice about marriage 7:25 P.M. ET Updated 11 ways to build a Paris climate change accord — in your own community 7:24 P.M. ET Updated Is my golfing buddy the cheapest guy in America? He asked me to Venmo him $1.50 7:24 P.M. ET Updated Want to help the environment? Use solar power — without putting panels on your roof 7:06 P.M. ET Updated German shipping giant Rickmers files for insolvency Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries Retail/Wholesale $27,000 Apple Watch look-alikes are nearly sold out, but they can only tell time By Barbara Kollmeyer Published: May 30, 2017 8:18 a.m. ET Share For some people, the ‘true luxury’ is time, says Swiss maker H. Moser & Cie Not your Apple Watch. The Swiss Alp Watch Zzzz By BarbaraKollmeyer Markets reporter When wealthy individuals started snapping up a limited run of a high-end luxury watched that looks like an Apple Watch, yet has none of the high-tech features, the Swiss watchmaker responsible said it was simply about time. The nearly 200-year Switzerland-based company, H. Moser & Cie, announced its $26,900 timepiece — The Swiss Alp Watch Zzzz — via a press release last week. The rectangular case and glossy black dial — sans label — of the Zzzz could be “mistaken for a smartwatch on standby,” the company said. Among those it resembles is Apple’s AAPL, +1.48%  own Watch. But the Zzzz has one function only: it tells the time. “In response to the cold electronics of connected watches, H. Moser & Cie. presents the soul of mechanical watchmaking. With a minimum power reserve of 4 days, fully rechargeable by hand, it couldn’t be further from the world of the smartwatch,” said the company. At the high end of Apple’s own smartwatch offerings is a $1,499 Hermès inspired watch with a barenia leather, double-cuff band. Meanwhile, the Swiss Alp Watch Zzzz sports a solid 18 carat white-gold diamond case, with a sapphire crystal. The back is see-through, so that you can take a peek at the fine Swiss watch detailing. If a glossy black dial isn’t your thing, you can also pick the Funky Blue dial, “an example of watchmaking yin and yang,” said the company. Choice of straps for the Swiss piece are “hand-stitched black alligator or beige kudu leather,” which come with an 18-carat “solid white gold pin buckle engraved with the Moser logo.” So exclusive is this high-end anti-smartwatch that it is limited to a run of just 20. And too bad if you’re moved to part with thousands for a watch that will only give you the time of day, as they’re 90% sold out, H. Moser’s public relations manager Nathalie Cobos, told MarketWatch in a telephone interview on Monday. H. Moser & Cie The “Brrr” She added that the cool blue version, nicknamed the “Brrrr,” was especially popular among clients who snapped up the watch. As Cobos explained, the watch was pre-presented in Basel in March at a trade show, and many were preordered subsequently. Of that 90%, she said Asian clients scooped up 50%, Europe 25% and then the Middle East another 25%. U.S. clients, she said, weren’t so responsive. But why would anyone want to pay nearly $27,000 for a watch that does nothing but tell time? “It’s more than a watch, it is a statement,” says Cobos, adding that the Zzzz taps into the current debate about being too connected trough wearable devices. “Lots of our customers, they have already a smartwatch and they use it for other purposes and they’d love to have a mechanical, traditional watch,” she says. “I think there are a lot of people who say the true luxury is time.” And a watch that just does what they were set out to do gives individuals “more time for them. To get back their own values and get more focused on themselves and their family and the ones they love, instead of always being connected,” she said. Read: The truly hip go for the pocketwatch Cobos says one of the biggest selling points of the Zzzz is its lack of a logo. They trialed a no-logo concept with another watch collection, though they were discouraged to try to sell a pricey watch without a label. However, demand for the logo-less watch soared, and they realized they were onto something. Besides, she said, those who love the company’s watches can tell the make without a logo. “Traditionally speaking, when branding wasn’t so important, when watchmakers first produced, they signed their name on the back of the watch,” which she says they’re now returning to. As for smartwatches? It’s not going to happen, she says — “We don’t know how to do that.” Read: Fitbit soars as smartwatch launch cheers analysts Bloomberg News Apple Watch pictured April 10, 2015. Meanwhile back in Cupertino: Apple’s own watches, along with headphones and other accessories, brought in $2.87 billion in the most recent quarter, handily beating analysts expectations, even as its iPhone unit sales disappointed. A survey from earlier this year by International Data Corp. showed the craze for wearables has been steadily rising, and the craze is far from dead. However, Fossil Group FOSL, -1.83%  , best known for fashion watches with a retro design, has found the push into wearables isn’t so easy. Richemont CFR, +0.93%  , owner of the Cartier brand, also posted an underwhelming recent quarter for watch sales and Swatch, best known for its non-pricey plastic watches, but also the owner of luxury brands, such as Omega, Blancpain and Breguet, said 2016 was just “not a winning year.” Last year, of course, marked a tough year for Swiss watchmakers amid a decline in Chinese tourists and terrorism worries. Some say, the turnaround has now begun. More from MarketWatch More Coverage Trump Announcement on Paris Climate Accord Quote References AAPL +2.27 +1.48% FOSL -0.20 -1.83% CFR +0.75 +0.93% Most Popular Stock market bracing for potentially the most explosive stretch of trading this year Harley-Davidson is recalling 57,000 motorcycles Paint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400 Costco versus Amazon Prime — which membership offers more value? Trump Quits Climate Deal — Citing ‘America First’ Barbara Kollmeyer Barbara Kollmeyer is an editor for MarketWatch in Madrid. Follow her on Twitter @bkollmeyer. MarketWatch Partner Center Barbara Kollmeyer Barbara Kollmeyer is an editor for MarketWatch in Madrid. Follow her on Twitter @bkollmeyer. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Apple Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AAPL $155.45 +2.27 (+1.48%) Volume 27.2M Open $153.58 High $155.45 Low $152.89 P/E Ratio 18.18 Div Yield 1.62 Market Cap 810.5B Fossil Group Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: FOSL $10.72 -0.20 (-1.83%) Volume 2.5M Open $10.99 High $11.00 Low $10.69 P/E Ratio 21.02 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 519.5M Compagnie Financiere Richemont S.A. Switzerland: SWX Europe: CFR CHF81.50 +0.75 (+0.93%) Volume 1.1M Open CHF81.15 High CHF81.65 Low CHF81.00 P/E Ratio 35.17 Div Yield 2.09 Market Cap 46.8B
Edition: UK عربي (Arabi) AR Australia AU Brasil BR Canada CA Deutschland DE España ES France FR Ελλάδα (Greece) GR India IN Italia IT 日本 (Japan) JP 한국 (Korea) KR Maghreb MG México MX Québec (En Francais) QC South Africa ZA United Kingdom UK United States US Front Page NEWS POLITICS LIFESTYLE PARENTS TECH YOUNG VOICES COMEDY ENTERTAINMENT STYLE WHAT'S WORKING BLOGS Advertisement TECH Apple's iPhone 8 Will Launch With Integrated Fingerprint Scanner Earlier rumours suggest Apple scrapped the feature. 29/05/2017 15:27 | Updated 5 days ago Thomas Tamblyn Technology editor, HuffPost UK Apple’s iPhone 8 will have an integrated Touch ID fingerprint sensor built into the display of the phone, despite rumours to the contrary. Widely rumoured to be one of its key features, there had been talk that Apple was struggling to find a way to integrate a hidden fingerprint sensor into the display of the phone.  George Frey via Getty Images Well according to the Chinese-language Economic Daily News, sources from one of Apple’s manufacturing companies has confirmed that the iPhone’s designers were able to overcome any hurdles it might have created and have successfully integrated it into the phone. Apple’s iPhone 8 is without doubt looking set to be one of the most eagerly-anticipated tech launches of recent years. Related... We Go Hands-On With Apple's Very Very Red iPhone Apple iPhone 7 Review: Speak Softly And Carry A Big Stick Is This The iPhone 8 Everyone's Been Waiting For? Rumours have suggested that in keeping with the iPhone’s 10th anniversary the iPhone 8 would be a radical step forward compared to last year’s iPhone 7. The biggest rumour is of course surrounding the phone’s display. Apple is reportedly making the switch to OLED panels, a technology that while expensive, is considered far superior to LCD displays. In addition it’s believed that the phone will have no bezels, instead sporting a screen that stretches from the top of the display right down to the bottom. While we’ll have to wait until September to find out what Apple has in store there might be a chance to find out more before then. In June Apple traditionally announces its brand-new version of iOS. If Apple’s new iPhone does indeed have a radically new design there could well be some hidden references buried inside the code of the new operating system. Best Smartphones In 2017 Apple iPhone 7 Eduardo Munoz / Reuters This is Apple’s best iPhone ever, and if we’re honest it’s one of their most innovative devices yet. It has an incredible camera, is water-resistant and boasts a stunning bright new display. Of course it can’t escape the rumours surrounding next year’s device but if you’re looking to buy a smartphone right now, and Apple are on your radar, this is the phone for you. Google Pixel The Huffington Post UK This is Google’s iPhone. It’s that simple. As such there are achievements and compromises. If you’re after an incredibly well-built, powerful Android flagship, Google have given you a truly five-star smartphone. If you’re a photographer, the Pixel’s camera and cloud storage option make this a no brainer. It's not cheap though, with the XL costing over £800. OnePlus 3T The Huffington Post UK The OnePlus 3T is simply a continuation of the ethos that makes OnePlus phones so good. It’s exceptionally well-built, powerful and offers you everything you could want in an affordable and meaningful package. No smartphone will give you more value for money. Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Bloomberg via Getty Images With a new curved back and larger 5.5-inch display the Samsung Galaxy S7 edge is more about evolution than revolution. The S7 edge now sports a water-resistant body, embedded camera and a MicroSD card slot. The S7 edge is also Samsung's most powerful smartphone yet, so powerful in fact that Samsung have actually had to equip a tiny water-cooling system inside the phone. The good news though is that means you'll never have to worry about getting a warm hand. Apple iPhone SE The Huffington Post UK Incredibly, Apple's familiar-looking iPhone SE manages to boast the same performance as its top-of-the-range iPhone 6s making it the most powerful 4-inch smartphone available. If you're keen to return to the days of one-handed texting then Apple's bite-sized iPhone is the smartphone for you. LG G5 ASSOCIATED PRESS The LG G5 sets itself apart from rivals like the S7, Xperia XA and the iPhone 6s by being something utterly unique. The G5 is the first commercial 'modular' phone, allowing you to swap out the bottom for new accessories. So far there's an audio one made in partnership with Bang & Olufsen and a camera-focused attachment which gives you extra camera controls. Huawei P9 JACK TAYLOR via Getty Images The Huawei P9 is a smartphone designed for capturing life. Thanks to a partnership with photography legends Leica this dual-lens camera can take pictures that'll put your dedicated camera to shame. Of course it helps that the P9 is also a pretty great Android smartphone as well. Google Nexus 5X The Nexus 5X strikes the ultimate balance between power and affordability. Taking over the responsibility from the frankly excellent Nexus 5, Google's new smartphone boast an ultra-light body but still crams in a fingerprint sensor, the latest version of Android marshmallow and a Full-HD display. More: Uk Innovation Apple Iphone Computers Mobile Phones Suggest a correction Advertisement Suggested For You by Gravity Comments Advertisement Suggested For You Close SUBSCRIBE TO & FOLLOW UK DAILY BRIEF Learn more Newsletter Podcast Add us on Snapchat Advertisement Apple's iPhone 8 Will Launch With Integrated Fingerprint Scanner CONVERSATIONS Advertise RSS Careers FAQ User Agreement Privacy Comment Policy About Us About Our Ads Contact Us Archive "The Huffington Post UK" is provided by AOL (UK) Limited. © 2017 AOL (UK) Limited its affiliates and licensors. Part of HuffPost • HPMG News
Latest News Dow 21,206 +62.11 +0.29% Nasdaq 6,306 +58.97 +0.94% S&P 500 2,439 +9.01 +0.37% 10:58 P.M. ET Asian markets hold steady, shaking off U.K. turmoil 10:40 P.M. ET Updated Herbalife to lower its quarterly sales outlook: report 9:52 P.M. ET Vladimir Putin was being a troll and Megyn Kelly wasn’t having it 9:49 P.M. ET Top Democrat says there’s smoke, but ‘no smoking gun’ yet in Russia probe 9:24 P.M. ET Updated This is why baby boomers are divorcing at a stunning rate 9:23 P.M. ET Putin denies U.S. election meddling, says he barely met Mike Flynn 9:23 P.M. ET Updated 4 lifestyle changes to reduce your cancer risk 9:22 P.M. ET Updated 9 secrets to staying young 9:22 P.M. ET Updated How to get all Americans to save for retirement 9:21 P.M. ET Updated When does the five-year rule apply to Roth IRAs? 7:49 P.M. ET Updated Facebook aims to be ‘hostile environment for terrorists’ 7:31 P.M. ET Updated You’ve probably never heard of the fastest-growing job in America (clue: it helps the environment) 7:29 P.M. ET Updated U.S. households now have as much debt as they had in 2008 7:26 P.M. ET Updated Baby boomers ruined America, according to this Generation X author 7:25 P.M. ET Updated Teenage boys and girls are choosing very different careers 7:25 P.M. ET Updated More evidence student debt is making young people think twice about marriage 7:25 P.M. ET Updated 11 ways to build a Paris climate change accord — in your own community 7:24 P.M. ET Updated Is my golfing buddy the cheapest guy in America? He asked me to Venmo him $1.50 7:24 P.M. ET Updated Want to help the environment? Use solar power — without putting panels on your roof 7:06 P.M. ET Updated German shipping giant Rickmers files for insolvency Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries Retail/Wholesale $27,000 Apple Watch look-alikes are nearly sold out, but they can only tell time By Barbara Kollmeyer Published: May 30, 2017 8:18 a.m. ET Share For some people, the ‘true luxury’ is time, says Swiss maker H. Moser & Cie Not your Apple Watch. The Swiss Alp Watch Zzzz By BarbaraKollmeyer Markets reporter When wealthy individuals started snapping up a limited run of a high-end luxury watched that looks like an Apple Watch, yet has none of the high-tech features, the Swiss watchmaker responsible said it was simply about time. The nearly 200-year Switzerland-based company, H. Moser & Cie, announced its $26,900 timepiece — The Swiss Alp Watch Zzzz — via a press release last week. The rectangular case and glossy black dial — sans label — of the Zzzz could be “mistaken for a smartwatch on standby,” the company said. Among those it resembles is Apple’s AAPL, +1.48%  own Watch. But the Zzzz has one function only: it tells the time. “In response to the cold electronics of connected watches, H. Moser & Cie. presents the soul of mechanical watchmaking. With a minimum power reserve of 4 days, fully rechargeable by hand, it couldn’t be further from the world of the smartwatch,” said the company. At the high end of Apple’s own smartwatch offerings is a $1,499 Hermès inspired watch with a barenia leather, double-cuff band. Meanwhile, the Swiss Alp Watch Zzzz sports a solid 18 carat white-gold diamond case, with a sapphire crystal. The back is see-through, so that you can take a peek at the fine Swiss watch detailing. If a glossy black dial isn’t your thing, you can also pick the Funky Blue dial, “an example of watchmaking yin and yang,” said the company. Choice of straps for the Swiss piece are “hand-stitched black alligator or beige kudu leather,” which come with an 18-carat “solid white gold pin buckle engraved with the Moser logo.” So exclusive is this high-end anti-smartwatch that it is limited to a run of just 20. And too bad if you’re moved to part with thousands for a watch that will only give you the time of day, as they’re 90% sold out, H. Moser’s public relations manager Nathalie Cobos, told MarketWatch in a telephone interview on Monday. H. Moser & Cie The “Brrr” She added that the cool blue version, nicknamed the “Brrrr,” was especially popular among clients who snapped up the watch. As Cobos explained, the watch was pre-presented in Basel in March at a trade show, and many were preordered subsequently. Of that 90%, she said Asian clients scooped up 50%, Europe 25% and then the Middle East another 25%. U.S. clients, she said, weren’t so responsive. But why would anyone want to pay nearly $27,000 for a watch that does nothing but tell time? “It’s more than a watch, it is a statement,” says Cobos, adding that the Zzzz taps into the current debate about being too connected trough wearable devices. “Lots of our customers, they have already a smartwatch and they use it for other purposes and they’d love to have a mechanical, traditional watch,” she says. “I think there are a lot of people who say the true luxury is time.” And a watch that just does what they were set out to do gives individuals “more time for them. To get back their own values and get more focused on themselves and their family and the ones they love, instead of always being connected,” she said. Read: The truly hip go for the pocketwatch Cobos says one of the biggest selling points of the Zzzz is its lack of a logo. They trialed a no-logo concept with another watch collection, though they were discouraged to try to sell a pricey watch without a label. However, demand for the logo-less watch soared, and they realized they were onto something. Besides, she said, those who love the company’s watches can tell the make without a logo. “Traditionally speaking, when branding wasn’t so important, when watchmakers first produced, they signed their name on the back of the watch,” which she says they’re now returning to. As for smartwatches? It’s not going to happen, she says — “We don’t know how to do that.” Read: Fitbit soars as smartwatch launch cheers analysts Bloomberg News Apple Watch pictured April 10, 2015. Meanwhile back in Cupertino: Apple’s own watches, along with headphones and other accessories, brought in $2.87 billion in the most recent quarter, handily beating analysts expectations, even as its iPhone unit sales disappointed. A survey from earlier this year by International Data Corp. showed the craze for wearables has been steadily rising, and the craze is far from dead. However, Fossil Group FOSL, -1.83%  , best known for fashion watches with a retro design, has found the push into wearables isn’t so easy. Richemont CFR, +0.93%  , owner of the Cartier brand, also posted an underwhelming recent quarter for watch sales and Swatch, best known for its non-pricey plastic watches, but also the owner of luxury brands, such as Omega, Blancpain and Breguet, said 2016 was just “not a winning year.” Last year, of course, marked a tough year for Swiss watchmakers amid a decline in Chinese tourists and terrorism worries. Some say, the turnaround has now begun. More from MarketWatch More Coverage Trump Announcement on Paris Climate Accord Quote References AAPL +2.27 +1.48% FOSL -0.20 -1.83% CFR +0.75 +0.93% Most Popular Stock market bracing for potentially the most explosive stretch of trading this year Harley-Davidson is recalling 57,000 motorcycles Paint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400 Costco versus Amazon Prime — which membership offers more value? Trump Quits Climate Deal — Citing ‘America First’ Barbara Kollmeyer Barbara Kollmeyer is an editor for MarketWatch in Madrid. Follow her on Twitter @bkollmeyer. MarketWatch Partner Center Barbara Kollmeyer Barbara Kollmeyer is an editor for MarketWatch in Madrid. Follow her on Twitter @bkollmeyer. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Apple Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AAPL $155.45 +2.27 (+1.48%) Volume 27.2M Open $153.58 High $155.45 Low $152.89 P/E Ratio 18.18 Div Yield 1.62 Market Cap 810.5B Fossil Group Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: FOSL $10.72 -0.20 (-1.83%) Volume 2.5M Open $10.99 High $11.00 Low $10.69 P/E Ratio 21.02 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 519.5M Compagnie Financiere Richemont S.A. Switzerland: SWX Europe: CFR CHF81.50 +0.75 (+0.93%) Volume 1.1M Open CHF81.15 High CHF81.65 Low CHF81.00 P/E Ratio 35.17 Div Yield 2.09 Market Cap 46.8B
International Business Times UK UK World Business Politics Fintech Technology Science Sport Entertainment Opinion Video Pictures Log out Newsletter Signup Smartphones Cybersecurity Innovation Social Media Games Motoring Technology Tablets Time to ditch the desktop? Best productivity apps, accessories, tips and tricks for iPad Pro From Adobe and Google to Microsoft Office, our guide to the best productivity apps for the iPad Pro. By Alistair Charlton Updated May 30, 2017 08:16 BST The iPad Pro, shown here with the optional Smart Cover keyboard case and Apple Pencil stylusReuters While many of us use iPads to watch movies on the plane or read a newspaper on the daily commute, these trivial tasks are really only scratching the surface of what the Apple tablet is capable of. That isn't to say other tablets can't compete, but the iOS App Store now has 1.3 million apps made specifically for the iPad, giving owners a huge and varied selection to pick from. In this feature we're going to look at the hardware and software needed to put the productivity back into your iPad Pro, and highlight some businesses where iPads have become crucial to their success. Hardware You can load an iPad up with as many apps as you like, and while we all know how good multitouch inputs are with our fingers, productivity apps will have you yearning for something more comfortable, more precise, and with more features than your 10 digits. Apple's own Smart Keyboard and Pencil fit the bill here. The former is a screen cover which folds out to hold the iPad like a laptop, and includes a tactile keyboard. The keys are smaller than those of a MacBook and take some time to get used to, but once committed to muscle memory it's a far more practical and comfortable solution to typing on the screen. The Pencil, Apple's answer to a stylus, charges via the iPad's Lightning port and connects through Bluetooth. Although we appreciate that regular users might not see the value in a dedicated stylus for scribbling notes on their tablet, the size and weight makes even the most ham-fisted of drawers feel like they could achieve greatness - and tapping at the screen with it is surprisingly satisfying. Before we get into the apps, let's look at some tips and tricks A man uses the Apple Pencil stylus to sketch on the screen of an iPad ProReuters Multitasking Before we get to the apps themselves, a quick reminder on how multitasking on the iPad is more powerful than on the iPhone. You can switch between open apps with a double-press of the home button, as on the iPhone, but swiping across the screen with four fingers is a neat alternative. If your work requires switching between the same two apps often, this can be a helpful timesaver. For when quickly switching between apps isn't enough, the iPad lets you run two at the same time, right next to each other. This is particularly useful when you need to make notes in a word processing app while reading a report, or reviewing a presentation. Mail markup We know this isn't the most exciting topic in the world, but it's often convenient to annotate your emails. Say you are exchanging plans for a new garden with your landscape gardener; you can attach his suggestion to an email, then draw on it, scribble down notes in the margin, magnify certain sections then send it back, To do this, double-tap in the body of the email, tap Insert Photo of Video, and pick the image you want to send. Once it is attached to the email, tap on the image then hit Markup and you're ready to annotate. Transfer open web pages from Mac or iPhone to iPad Say you're looking at a website on your iPhone, but would rather view it on your larger iPad. Instead of typing the link out or emailing it to yourself, you just have to double-press the home button of your iPad to enter the multitasking screen. A link then appears at the bottom of the screen; tap this and the page which was open on your iPhone will appear on the iPad. Now let's get to the meat of why you're here; apps to make your iPad more productive and more useful when you just want to get work done. Netflix can wait for another day. Microsoft Office and Google Docs/Sheets Word, Powerpoint and Excel for iPad are free for a month, then cost £5.99 a month for the full suiteScreenshot It probably still surprises some people to hear Microsoft Office is available on the iPad, but it is. Word, Excel, Powerpoint and Outlook can all be downloaded from the App Store and used just like their desktop PC relatives. All of the tools you would normally use are here, and the apps work just as you'd expect them to. The apps all fall under the Office 365 umbrella, which means they are free to use for the first 30 days, then cost £5.99 per month or £59.99 per year thereafter; the cost stays the same whether you use one app or all of them. If you only need to view documents (and not create or edit any) then the apps remain free after the 30-day trial expires. A free alternative to Office, just as on the Mac or PC, is Google Docs, Google Sheets and Google Slides. These each have their own app and work in much the same way as Microsoft's Word, Excel and PowerPoint respectively. Their functionality isn't quite as feature-packed, but for basic document, spreadsheet and presentation creation they are hard to beat - and files can be saved in formats understood by Office, if that's what you need. Pair any of these apps with the Smart Cover (or a separate stand and Bluetooth keyboard), and the iPad gets surprisingly close to becoming a computer replacement. Adobe's apps for iPhone and iPad are all free to useScreenshot Adobe Fill & Sign Another potential surprise for some casual iPad users is just how many Adobe apps are available. From Sketch, to Fill & Sign and Photoshop Express, there are a wealth of creativity apps to help you get work done, or just spend less time at the computer. Although these apps require you to log in with an Adobe account, they are free to use. Avoid blotting important forms with your scruffy handwriting by using Adobe Fill & Sign to take a photo of the document, import it, then fill everything out neatly on the iPad. You can then use your finger or the Apple Pencil to add your signature, which can be saved for future use. Then email the form along, or send it over the Wi-Fi network to a wireless printer. On a similar note, Adobe Sign is also a useful signature creation app for iPad. Adobe Photoshop Sketch This is where the Apple Pencil starts to come into its own, and where our artistic skills are quickly found to be lacking. Sketch makes good use of the stylus, offering a range of different brush styles each with customisable sizes to help you get the exact effect you're looking for. As with conventional Photoshop there is a layering system to create almost infinitely-complex image projects. Adobe PS Express While Apple's own Photos app does a decent job of helping you organise, crop, align and touch-up images, Adobe PS Express takes things further. There are dozens of Instagram-style filters to apply to your images, along with a range of adjustment and retouch tools to get the look you want. Instead of bundling all of Photoshop's features into one potentially confusing and cluttered app, you can quickly jump between different PS apps to complete your editing. Two such apps are called Photoshop Mix and Photoshop Fix. Transferring an image from one to another takes just a couple of taps. Scanbot Scanbot lets you scan business cards, as shown above, and automatically picks out useful data like phone numbers, ready to be tappedScreenshot Lastly we have Scanbot, an app which makes it easy to import printed documents onto your iPad. There's a free version, but we recommend stumping up £6.99 for the Pro version, which includes optical character recognition. This means when you take a photo of a printed document, the app grabs the writing and makes it ready for editing, forwarding or copying and pasting into another app. The app is also aware of context, so if you show it a business card phone numbers and email addresses are automatically recognised, ready to be tapped on and used. The app doesn't always pick up everything, and wasn't able to read our handwriting, but as a means of making a printed page digital (and ready for annotation) it's hard to beat. More technology features from IBTimes UK Five flying car concepts that could revolutionise your morning commute Five apps Donald Trump should have on his iPhone besides Twitter Shell Eco-Marathon: How the world's most efficient cars are shaping motoring's future This article was first published on May 29, 2017 Related topics : Apple Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close Video game news round-up: Overwatch moon map, Nintendo Switch Online & Pokemon Go's summer plans Columnists Iqbal Wahhab “As a Muslim restaurant owner in Borough Market, this attack sickens me READ MORE How the world's biggest tech firms reacted to Trump's climate deal exit Zuckerberg, Dorsey, Musk and Cook join the high-profile names to slam... Google London HQ vs Apple Park: Battle of the world's best offices How Google's new London headquarters compares to Apple Park, opening... Stratolaunch: Amazing facts about the world's biggest plane With Paul Allen's super plane close to take-off here are five things... 'This is how you offer support?' Twitter slams Trump for pushing travel ban during London attack Trump's first tweet came even before the nature of the London Bridge... Bahrain foreign minister's Twitter account hacked following Qatar news hack controversy The hackers posted a slew of disturbing images and threats against... Toyota is working on a flying car Toyota has invested 42.5 million yen in startup Cartivator Resource... Google Chrome to block all adverts on websites that annoy users with intrusive pop-ups Google's ad blocker will allow ads as long as websites follow... Here's how you can improve performance of Windows 10 PC Check out the top tips to speed up your Windows 10 device. Five hopes for Sony and PS4 at E3 2017: Sucker Punch, keeping Kojima away, PSVR and more What we want to see from Sony at its E3 2017 press conference. 'Your hypocrisy is mind-numbing': Twitter roasts Ivanka Trump over LGBTQ Pride tweets 'Your words mean nothing to us,' one Twitter user wrote. Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS
Menu Home + Nation Abu Dhabi Dubai Sharjah Ras Al Khaimah Fujairah Umm Al Quwain Ajman Pink Caravan Ride 2017 + News General Crime Weather Transport Health Government Education + Region Bahrain Kuwait Oman Qatar Saudi Arabia MENA + International India Pakistan Philippines Rest of Asia Europe Americas Africa Others Trump Visa Ban + Gold/forex UAE Bahrain Qatar + Business Local Business Global Business Markets Economy Auto Finance Energy Infrastructure Real Estate Telecom Aviation Corporate Gold/Forex Shipping + Sports Local Sports Global Sports Cricket Football Tennis Horse racing F 1 Golf Motor Sports ICC Champions Trophy 2017 IPL 10 2017 + Technology Computers Features Game Zone Industry Mobiles Gadgets and Electronics KT 10 + Specials Year Of Giving 2017 Life Is Like That Humour Junction Idea Graph Happiness Times Abu Dhabi Grand Prix Battle For White House Demonetisation in India Dubai Airshow 2015 Dubai World Cup 2017 Euro 2016 Flydubai Plane Crash Global Village 2016-17 ICC World Twenty20 India Budget 2017-18 Indian Premier League 2016 Mubadala Tennis Championships New Year 2017 Olympics 2016 Smart CEO 2017 UAE and India: Ties that bind UAE FLAG DAY Wimbledon 2016 Yas Island - Anime + City Times In The City Newsmakers Hollywood Bollywood South Stars Movie reviews Music Naam Shabana + Lifestyle Fashion Beauty Health and Fitness Art and Culture Food Homes Travel + WKND Editor's Note Letters to WKND Editor Editor's Picks What's Hot Interviews Pursuits Bollywood When Hunger Strikes Beauty Basics Hard Drive On The Road Horoscope A Day In The Life Of It's My Life Food and Dining Kitchen Classic Restaurant Review People Offbeat + Legal View Employment Sponsorship Visa and Immigration Property Cyber Laws Banking Laws Others Legal Matters Opinion and Editorial Letters + Photos Nation (photos) International (photos) Business (photos) Sports (photos) Entertainment (photos) Lifestyle (photos) Stars at KT (photos) + Videos Nation (videos) International (videos) Business (videos) Sports (videos) Entertainment (videos) Lifestyle (videos) Technology (videos) Business Elite 2020 (videos) CEO Insights (videos) Ramadan Rio Olympics 2016 (videos) + Utilities Prayer Timings Cinema listings Weather GCC Airport Departures / Arrivals Competitions + Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Food Travel Lifestyle Fashion + E-Magazines wknd Inspired Living Style Cookbook E-Paper Parent Talk Supplements Slide Menus Show/Hide Left Slide Menu Show/Hide Right Slide Menu Show/Hide Top Slide Menu Show/Hide Bottom Slide Menu Titles : Khaleej Times SUBSCRIBE COMPETITIONS E-PAPER KT Buzzon Specials Multimedia E-Magazines | Logout City Times WKND Style Inspired Living KT Home Life Is Like That Humour Junction Idea Graph Happiness Times Global Village 2016-17 Pink Caravan Ride 2017 Photos Videos wknd Inspired Living Style Parent Talk Pakistan Resolution Day Bangladesh Special Report Cook Book Follow Us Sign in using OR Forgot Password? Register Now! Terms | Privacy Business Nation News KT 10 Region INTL GOLD/FOREX Legal View Business Sports Technology City Times Entertainment WKND Jobs Search POPULAR TOPICS Prayer Timings Cinema Listings Weather Supplements| Live Flight Status | Style MORE Listicles IPL 2016 Parent Talk Inspired Living Dubai Airshow 2015 UAE-India Ties World T20 PRAYER TIMES Local Business | Global Business | Economy | Markets | Auto | Finance | Energy | Infrastructure | Real Estate | Telecom | Aviation | Corporate | Gold/Forex | Shipping Abu Dhabi | Dubai | Sharjah | Ras Al Khaimah | Fujairah | Umm Al Quwain | Ajman General | Crime | Weather | Transport | Health | Government | Education Bahrain | Kuwait | Oman | Qatar | Saudi Arabia | Mena India | Pakistan | Philippines | Rest of Asia | Europe | Americas | Africa | Others UAE | Bahrain | Qatar Employment | Sponsorship | Visa and Immigration | Property | Cyber Laws | Banking Laws | Others Legal Matters Local Business | Global Business | Economy | Markets | Auto | Finance | Energy | Infrastructure | Real Estate | Telecom | Aviation | Corporate | Gold/Forex | Shipping Local Sports | Global Sports | Cricket | Football | Tennis | Horse Racing | F 1 | Golf | Motor Sports | ICC Champions Trophy 2017 Computers | Features | Game Zone | Industry | Mobiles | Gadgets & Electronics In The City | Newsmakers | Hollywood | Bollywood | South Stars | Movie Reviews | Music Bollywood | Hollywood | Food | Travel | Lifestyle | Fashion Editor's Note | Letters to WKND Editor | What's Hot | Interviews | Pursuits | Mindsport | Life Coach | When Hunger Strikes | Beauty Basics | Food and Dining Banking/Financial Services | Administration | Architect/Interior Design | Construction/Civil Engineer | Medical/Healthcare | Marketing   HOME > Business Global sales of smartphones continue to rise Staff Report/Dubai Filed on May 29, 2017 Share More > Vote In the smartphone operating system (OS) market, the battle is now clearly between Android and iOS (KT file) Smartphone sales around the world continued to pick up in the first quarter of 2017, with Chinese manufacturers such as Huawei, Oppo, and Vivo continuing to gain ground with their more competitively priced models. Over 380 million smartphone units were sold to end users in the first quarter of 2017, a 9.1 per cent increase over the first quarter of 2016, according to Gartner Inc. Smartphone buyers are leaning more towards more affordable models with the same features that are found in giants Samsung and Apple, giving Chinese manufacturers a chance to catch up in market share. Huawei, Oppo, and Vivo's combined market share in the first quarter of 2017 accounted for 24 per cent, up seven percentage points year on year. However, mobile phone buyers are spending more to get a better phone, resulting in the rise in average selling prices of types of phone. "The top three Chinese smartphone manufacturers are driving sales with their competitively priced, high quality smartphones equipped with innovative features," said Anshul Gupta, research director at Gartner. "Furthermore, aggressive marketing and sales promotion have further helped these brands to take share from other brands in markets such as India, Indonesia and Thailand." The top two smartphone makers by global marketshare, Samsung and Apple, faired less well. Samsung's sales declined 3.1 per cent in the first quarter of 2017, to leave it with 20.7 per cent of the market. While Apple's sales were flat, meaning its marketshare shrunk to 13.7 per cent down from 14.8 per cent year on year "Although Samsung announced that preorders for the Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus are up 30 per cent year over year, the absence of an alternative to Note 7 and the fierce competition in the basic smartphone segment are leading Samsung to continuously lose market share," said Gupta. "Sales of iPhones were flat, which led to a drop in market share year over year. Similar to Samsung, Apple is increasingly facing fierce competition from Chinese brands Oppo and Vivo, among others, and its performance in China is under attack." Huawei edged closer to Apple with smartphone sales amounting to 34 million units in the first quarter of 2017. Despite its P9 and P9 Plus being available for more than a year now, both smartphones continued to sell well, positioning Huawei as a dominant brand in the consumer market. "Huawei has now steadily held the third spot in the worldwide ranking of smartphone vendors," said Gupta. "However, pressure is mounting as its counterparts in China are catching up." In the smartphone operating system (OS) market, the battle is now clearly between Android and iOS. With other OSs struggling for momentum, Android grew its share by two per cent. Growing acceptance of Chinese brands in the global markets, led by high-quality smartphones, is driving Android OS dominance. Moreover, with Google's announcement of Android Go - targeted at the entry-level smartphone market - the OS is heading for continued growth. - rohma@khaleejtimes.com     Share More > Vote MORE FROM Business Real Estate Landlords, retailers adapt to new market... Landlords are offering flexible lease terms, including longer rent-... READ MORE Technology Want my data? What will you pay? HI-TRAC READ MORE Technology Say it with hassle-free gift cards Choosing a gift for someone can be a complicated task, as a lot of... READ MORE Technology UAE set to catalyse connectivity with 5G Besides delivering faster Internet connection speeds, 5G delivers... READ MORE MORE FROM Khaleej Times Dubai Sheikh Mohammed has Iftar with UAQ ruler in Dubai They all wished well to the wise leadership, more welfare for the... READ MORE Abu Dhabi Panic as UAE money exchange owner absconds The unexpected closure of the exchange has left a trail of... READ MORE Abu Dhabi A 500-year-old Quran in golden letters Even though considered priceless, the entire set of the Gold Tooling... READ MORE Rest of Asia 300,000 evacuated as cyclone approaches Bangladesh More people were still waiting for evacuation READ MORE CurrentRequestUnmodified: /apps/pbcs.dll/section?category=main&profile=1036 macro_action: mainsection, macro_profile: , macro_adspot:   Popular Voted Abu Dhabi Panic as UAE money exchange owner absconds 72252 views | 29 May 2017 Education Meet the UAE CBSE topper who just broke an IHS record 56182 views | 28 May 2017 International Video: Newborn baby walks immediately after birth, becomes internet sensation 52887 views | 29 May 2017 India Man kills woman in public view, shoots video 28468 views | 29 May 2017 Nation Can I eat at a Dubai cinema hall during Ramadan? 20479 views | 29 May 2017 Bollywood 'Pakeezah' actress abandoned in hospital 19964 views | 29 May 2017 Economy UAE slashes petrol prices for June 16693 views | 28 May 2017 Nation Here's how VAT will affect your household financially 13058 views | 28 May 2017 Bollywood Video: Kareena Kapoor's post-pregnancy workout 10899 views | 29 May 2017 Business Jobseekers optimistic about opportunities during Ramadan 10104 views | 28 May 2017 Nation Which is the perfect NOL card for you? Let RTA help 7357 views | 28 May 2017 Offbeat Can you solve this riddle that is melting the internet? 7073 views | 29 May 2017 India Boy fights off cancer, scores 95% in CBSE board exams 6964 views | 29 May 2017 Crime Man sentenced to death for killing two Omanis in UAE 6216 views | 29 May 2017 Abu Dhabi Eman can now eat by herself: Burjeel Hospital 5914 views | 28 May 2017 Nation Mega sale of up to 80% discount coming up in UAE 723 votes | 23 May 2017 Ramadan News Ramadan 2017 to begin on Saturday, May 27 528 votes | 25 May 2017 Dubai 7 killed, 35 hurt in horrific Dubai bus-truck collision 177 votes | 23 May 2017 Crime Dubai man accused of raping girlfriend, kicking her naked out of house 118 votes | 25 May 2017 Pakistan Indian girl, forced to marry Pakistani, to return home 79 votes | 24 May 2017 Abu Dhabi Panic as UAE money exchange owner absconds 79 votes | 29 May 2017 Region Filipino airline suspends flights in the Gulf region 73 votes | 24 May 2017 Education Meet the UAE CBSE topper who just broke an IHS record 65 votes | 28 May 2017 Ramadan News Ramadan 2017 working hours for UAE private sector announced 57 votes | 24 May 2017 Dubai Dubai announces parking, Metro timings for Ramadan 55 votes | 24 May 2017 Bollywood 'Sachin - A Billion Dreams' movie review: A fan's delight 55 votes | 25 May 2017 General 100% tax to be imposed on cigarettes, energy drinks in UAE 55 votes | 23 May 2017 Abu Dhabi From a company driver to CEO of own firm 53 votes | 25 May 2017 Dubai Send money home from UAE and win a house worth Dh500,000 52 votes | 25 May 2017 International Manchester bomber: 22-year-old college dropout, had Al Qaeda links 38 votes | 24 May 2017   KT App Download All new KT app is available for download: Newsletter Get the latest news around the world in your inbox, so you dont miss out on the action. Accept Terms & Conditions ©2017 Khaleej Times. All rights reserved.   News Nation Region International Technology Business Markets Economy Auto Finance Energy Infrastructure Real Estate Telecom Sports Local Sports Cricket Football Tennis Horse Racing F 1 Golf Global Sports Lifestyle Fashion Beauty Health & Fitness Art & Culture Food Home City Times In The City Newsmakers Indian Cinema Movie Reviews Music   Travel Health Offbeat Legal View Opinion & Editorials Letters Photos   Videos Gold/Forex Prayer Timings Cinema Listings Weather E-Paper KT buzzon Inspired Living   About Us Advertise With Us Contact Us Privacy Policy   KT App Download iPhone | iPad Android
Editions Africa Australia France Global United Kingdom United States Sections Home Arts + Culture Economy + Business Education Environment + Energy Ethics + Religion Health + Medicine Politics + Society Science + Technology Search Services Newsletter Read on Play Newsstand Information Who we are Our charter Our team Partners and funders Contributing institutions Contact us Donate Friends of The Conversation Privacy policy Terms and conditions Corrections Edition: Available editions United States Africa Australia France Global United Kingdom Donate Become an author Sign up as a reader Sign in Get newsletter Search Academic rigor, journalistic flair Arts + Culture Economy + Business Education Environment + Energy Ethics + Religion Health + Medicine Politics + Society Science + Technology Follow Topics Scientists at work Subscribe Technophrenia On the interface between technology, people and society Apple’s new mobile AI chip could create a new level of intelligence May 29, 2017 9.30am EDT David Glance Author David Glance Director of UWA Centre for Software Practice, University of Western Australia Disclosure statement David Glance owns shares in Apple Partners University of Western Australia provides funding as a founding partner of The Conversation AU. View all partners Republish this article Republish our articles for free, online or in print, under Creative Commons license. Neural networks driving machine learning. Shutterstock Email Twitter Facebook LinkedIn WhatsApp Messenger Apple is reportedly working on a chip called the Apple Neural Engine, which would be dedicated to carrying out artificial intelligence (AI) processing on its mobile devices. The addition of this type of capability would catalyse the use of AI on mobile devices. Although it is already being used extensively to power digital assistants like Siri and Google Assistant, these technologies rely on computer servers to process data sent to them rather than the processing happening on the mobile device itself. Augmented reality and digital assistants are not the only applications of AI that will become important on mobile devices. Once the capability is made available to all mobile application developers, it will bring new types of capabilities to mobile devices. Health applications, for example, will be able to tell when body readings from sensors on the phone or associated wearable devices are abnormal and need acting on. But the uses are potentially limitless and will bring about a new phase in how we rely on applications and our mobile devices in everyday life. And they will work, even when the device is not connected to the internet. Strictly speaking, a specific processor is not an essential requirement for using AI on a mobile phone. Chip-maker Qualcomm for example has provided a software-based approach, called the Snapdragon Neural Processing Engine, to allow developers using their chips to incorporate AI into their software. An example of this is a car that monitors the driver using a camera and warns when they are using their smartphone or driving erratically. Specific AI hardware however greatly speeds up the process called “machine learning” and allows for more sophisticated types of AI to be used. Google’s AI hardware, called the Tensor Processing Unit, is 15 to 30 times faster than the fastest computer processors (CPUs) and graphic processors (GPUs) that power computers today. These TPUs were what gave Google’s DeepMind its ability to beat the world champions of the Chinese game of Go. These TPUs also have vastly improved Google’s automated language translation software, Google Translate. The inclusion of AI in mobile software is going to massively increase the potential usefulness of that software and through that, how much we come to depend on the mobile phone. Our state of health, for example, is really about how we are doing relative to how we normally feel. Changes in behaviour can signal changes in mental health, including conditions like dementia and Parkinson’s. They can also be precursors of illnesses such as diabetes as well as respiratory and cardiovascular diseases. Our phones could monitor patterns of activity and even how we walk. This ability would be based on the software learning our normal patterns and once having detected a change, decide what to do about it. The phone would be part of a self-directed ecosystem of intelligent and autonomous machines, including cars. Not only is the driving of autonomous cars completely dependent on AI to function, it is likely that people will eventually share the use of these cars when needed, rather than owning one themselves. AI will again be essential for managing how this sharing functions to manage the most efficient distribution of cars, directing which cars need to pick up which clients. To do this, the scheduling AI service will need to liaise with AI software on everyone’s phones to determine where and when they will be at a given location and where they need to get to. AI on a mobile device will also increasingly be used to keep the device protected, checking if applications and communications are secure or likely to be a threat. This technology is already being implemented in smart home appliances, but as software. The addition of special AI chips will allow them to be much faster and to do more. Researchers are also looking at analysing the way we move as a means of uniquely identifying the wearer of a device. AI will essentially be able to fill in and apply the understanding and knowledge that not everyone possesses. Even if they do, remembering to do something, even when it is in your own best interest, is sometimes hard. There is a counter argument to the benefits of increasing the intelligence of mobile devices however. This is the fear that as we come to rely on devices to do things, we will lose the ability to maintain that skill and that this will eventually impact on a person’s overall cognitive ability, or at least on their ability to operate without the AI. The successful outcome of having an AI assisting depends on the user following its advice, and this is something that people may not be that good at doing. Previous post May 18, 2017 Few Australians trust social media with personal information but most do little about it Next post June 4, 2017 How to escape the media’s obsession with Trump and filter him from the web Tweet Share Get newsletter Newsletter Facts matter. Your tax-deductible donation helps deliver fact-based journalism. Make a donation Most popular on The Conversation The rising homegrown terror threat on the right Fidget toys aren’t just hype Why do only some people get ‘skin orgasms’ from listening to music? 7 in 10 smartphone apps share your data with third-party services Why Jefferson’s vision of American Islam matters today Should we put juveniles away for life? Meet the teen who sparked a debate What’s behind the fidget spinner fad? Are we overreacting to US withdrawal from the Paris Agreement on climate? How would engineers build the Golden Gate Bridge today? How do the chemicals in sunscreen protect our skin from damage? Expert Database Find experts with knowledge in:* Want to write? Write an article and join a growing community of more than 51,000 academics and researchers from 2,050 institutions. Register now The Conversation Community Community standards Republishing guidelines Friends of The Conversation Research and Expert Database Our feeds Donate Company Who we are Our charter Our team Partners and funders Contributing institutions Resource for media Contact us Stay informed Subscribe to our Newsletters Email address ✔ Africa Australia France Global United Kingdom United States Follow us on social media Privacy policy Terms and conditions Corrections Copyright © 2010–2017, The Conversation US, Inc.
Tech Apple Science Cars Nintendo Switch iPhone 7S & 8 WWDC 2017 E3 2017 Prime Day 2017     Apple Co-Founder Believes Tesla Is The Future Of Tech Posted: May 29 2017, 8:09am CDT | by Sumayah Aamir, in News | Apple   Getty Images Apple Founder Wozniak Says Tesla, Not Apple, will have the Next Big Moonshots   Steve Wozniak believes Musk will shape the future as he creates products to please himself only Apple founder Steve Wozniak does not have much faith in the company he founded himself; Apple. Instead Wozniak believes the future of tech lies with Tesla. According to Wozniak Tesla will be shaping the future of the tech world as it will be involved in the next great tech breakthroughs.  Don't Miss: This is How to Find a Nintendo Switch in Stock Wozniak shared his views in an interview with Bloomberg Canada. Wozniak stated Musk will be responsible for creating inventions no one thinks about. Wozniak declared right now Tesla is on the best direction and the company has put an awful lot of effort into very risky inventions.  Wozniak even went as far as to say he will be betting on Tesla and not his own company Apple. Wozniak justified his choice saying Musk anticipated technologies such as electric cars, self-driving cars and the need for efficient transportation systems. The company Tesla began with a car the Model S, which at the time did not make much sense in engineering terms, but it succeeded.  Wozniak further stated the car was solely built by Musk inspired from his own life and for his pleasure. Wozniak believes when things come from the inventor himself and they know what they like and are in control that is when the best products are produced.  It is possible while commenting on Tesla Wozniak may have been reminiscing about the time when he created technological advances with Steve Jobs. To be fair Apple did create computers no one could have ever imagined could exits at the time. Wozniak further stated the tech giants of today like Google, Facebook, Apple and Microsoft were created by young people and these companies changed the world.  This story may contain affiliate links. Comments The Author Sumayah Aamir Sumayah Aamir (Google+) has deep experience in analyzing the latest trends.     Advertisement Latest News Apple is developing an AI chipset named Apple Neural Engine 10 hours ago, 12:00pm CDT WWDC application now showing more information about the event 10 hours ago, 11:58am CDT iOS 10.3.1 Jailbreak august release finalized for iPhone 7, iPhone 6, iPad Air and iPad Mini 10 hours ago, 11:53am CDT Popular and useful iOS 10 jailbreak tweaks for you 10 hours ago, 11:51am CDT Apple to Use Intel Chips Instead of Qualcomm for iPhone 8 2 days ago, 10:17am CDT Top Science Stories of the Week 3 hours ago, 6:29pm CDT Ancient Sloth Fossil Unearthed at Subway Excavation Site in Los Angeles 7 hours ago, 2:05pm CDT Rare Corpse Flowers Bloomed in Chicago 13 hours ago, 8:34am CDT Curiosity Rover Finds Ancient Mars Lake was Able to Support Diverse Microbial Life 18 hours ago, 3:10am CDT UNESCO Seriously Concerned over the World’s Largest Coral Reef System Die-off 1 day ago, 1:53pm CDT New Unique Material can lead to Unbreakable Smartphones 1 day ago, 5:39am CDT Nintendo Switch Available for Purchase at GameStop in Five New Bundles 1 day ago, 4:09am CDT Hundreds of Massive Craters Discovered in Arctic Seafloor 1 day ago, 2:08am CDT ‘WatchBox by Govberg’ App a Timely Father’s Day Find 2 days ago, 8:02pm CDT 7 Useful Summer Solutions 2 days ago, 7:26pm CDT Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Featured News Nintendo Switch is Playable after 1,000 feet Drop WWDC 2017 Could be Huge   Nintendo Switch: The Tracker App Had Its First Big Run Lego Nasa Apollo Saturn V Set in Stock on Amazon Apple Apple is developing an AI chipset named Apple Neural Engine 10 hours ago, 12:00pm CDT WWDC application now showing more information about the event 10 hours ago, 11:58am CDT iOS 10.3.1 Jailbreak august release finalized for iPhone 7, iPhone 6, iPad Air and iPad Mini 10 hours ago, 11:53am CDT Popular and useful iOS 10 jailbreak tweaks for you 10 hours ago, 11:51am CDT More Apple Stories Latest News Top Science Stories of the Week 3 hours ago, 6:29pm CDT Ancient Sloth Fossil Unearthed at Subway Excavation Site in Los Angeles 7 hours ago, 2:05pm CDT Apple is developing an AI chipset named Apple Neural Engine 10 hours ago, 12:00pm CDT WWDC application now showing more information about the event 10 hours ago, 11:58am CDT More Latest News News by Section Technology News Apple News Science News Celebrity News Movie News Car News Business News Political News Sport News TV Show News Also on the Geek Mind Advertising News Black Friday 2017 Cyber Monday 2017 Holiday Gifts 2017 CES 2017 Super Bowl 2017 Ads About I4U News I4U News is daily News site for the Geek Mind. Expect the latest technology news including the juiciest rumors. Stay up to date with the biggest discoveries in science. Other featured news topics include cars, celebrities, movies and more. Read more. Trending Nintendo Switch Online Deals NES Classic in Stock Updates E3 2017 About Us | Privacy Policy | Submit News Tips © Copyright by I4U LLC 2017 Follow Us Click to Receive I4U News via Email
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Jun 04, 11:41 PM EDT Subscribe Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology Tesla May Dethrone Apple As Most Innovative Tech Company, Steve Wozniak Says By Rishabh Jain On 05/29/17 AT 9:00 AM Close Steve Wozniak, who co-founded Apple along with Steve Jobs, told Bloomberg Sunday that Tesla could replace Apple as the most innovative tech company. "I think Tesla is on the best direction right now. They've put an awful lot of effort into very risky things. I'm going to bet on Tesla," he told the publication. When asked how Tesla is different from the company he founded, he added, "They started with a car -- the Tesla Model S -- that made little sense in engineering terms in how much you have to build for what price and what the market will be.” According to Wozniak, Tesla’s strength is that it is based on founder Elon Musk’s vision of how he would like to see the company’s products, such as the Model function for his own usage. Read: Tesla Motors (TSLA) Slapped Down By Bank Of America, Which Says Company’s Stock Is ‘Vastly Overvalued’ After Period Of ‘Hyperbolic Growth’ While Apple is now a large company with a cumulative valuation upwards of $800 billion, Tesla is valued at $68 billion. But, both companies have developed in similar ways over time. Both companies were small start-ups at one point of time, driven by the vision of a single person — in Apple’s case it was Steve Jobs and in Tesla’s case, it is Elon Musk. Both companies have disrupted the way things usually work in their respective industries. Apple was the first in the computer industry to use graphical user interfaces in PCs in the 80’s and in its second coming under the leadership of Jobs, it transformed the music player and smartphone industries, with the iPhone being the first major smartphone supportive of apps. Tesla had a similar approach to the auto industry. Musk was the first to focus attention on autonomous, electric cars not just as a concept, but rather the execution. Before Tesla, electric cars were niche products but the company made the product a mainstream one and following Tesla’s lead, most major carmakers and even tech companies are now investing in self-driving and electric automobile technology. The biggest similarity between both companies has been that their vision has been different than the prevalent norms and in most cases, way ahead of its time. But, what Wozniak is indicating isn’t wrong either. While Apple has grown considerably in terms of size, it can’t be said to be on the forefront of innovation any longer and the biggest proof of this is the company’s flagship device, the iPhone. For years, Apple’s iPhone was way ahead of its Android rivals, in terms of the features it offered. In fact, every iPhone release brought out a feature that wasn’t to be found on any Android phone, right up to the iPhone 4, which came with Siri. But the market forces have caught up with Apple and the company is no longer at the forefront of innovation. After iPhone 4, every new iPhone has had incremental or even large-scale changes in comparison to the previous generation of the device, but the device can no longer be said to be miles ahead of the competition. In fact, Android devices such the Samsung Galaxy S8, which offer features such as a 10nm processor, Bixby and Dual Audio might be way ahead of Apple in terms of features. Instead, like any large tech company, Apple is now consolidating its market share and making devices such as iPhone SE, a rehash of the iPhone 5, to cater to the budget consumer. Read: Tesla Solar Roof Tiles' Pre-Orders To Begin Soon, US Rollout Expected This Year Tesla, as Wozniak says, is a “young company” and is continuing to innovate in various areas, whether it be its cars, solar energy, space travel and even Musk’s latest obsessions – brain powered devices and tunneling machines. As tech companies mature, market factors start affecting them more and their tendency for innovation is replaced by market capitalization, as happened in Apple’s case. Tesla is still in its nascent years compared to Apple, which is why Wozniak’s assumption could be correct.  Join the Discussion Most Read The Newsletter Exclusive articles delivered to your inbox daily. Subscribe Related Stories How Does Tesla's Model 3 Compare To The Model S? Tesla, SpaceX CEO Elon Musk Optimistic Trump Will Make Good Decision On Paris Agreement Recommended Business Chevy's Bolt Is Being Beaten To A Pulp By Tesla's Model 3 The Chevy Bolt is the little engine that couldn't live up to anticipation from GM. Elon Musk's Tesla Model 3 is beating it into oblivion. Technology How Can We Stop Cancer Cells From Spreading? Researchers studying events that promote metastasis found it may be attributed to a new biochemical signaling process. World ISIS Claims Responsibility For London Bridge Attack London Mayor Sadiq Khan says he's too busy to respond to President Donald Trump's tweets about the incident that left seven dead and dozens injured. National Democrats Tired Of Clinton Blame Tour The former secretary of state has been speaking her mind about the Trump administration, but fellow Democrats say she should step aside. © Copyright 2017 Newsweek Media Group All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Apps iPhone Apps iPad Apps Mac Apps Apple TV Apps Apple Watch Apps The Best Apps Tutorials Jailbreak Jailbreak Tweaks Jailbreak Guide Unlock Guide Deals Latest Deals Devices iPhone iPad Mac Apple Watch Apple TV More Download Wallpapers iPhone Photography Expert Tips Podcasts Apple Maps enhances Apple Park coverage with 3D building models, walkways & more Christian Zibreg on May 29, 2017 2 Apple has updated a Maps backend with 3D buildings, campus walkways and other information pertaining to Apple Park, the company’s massive new headquarters in Cupertino, California. As first noted by MacRumors, the enhanced coverage of Apple Park includes 3D building models in the standard 2D view, as well as access roads running in and out of the campus, traffic directions, pedestrian walkways and more. Other relevant Apple Park points of interest that can now be found on Apple Maps include the Steve Jobs Theater, the research and development facilities, Apple’s fitness center for employees, above-ground parking and a pond at the center of the main building. Earlier this month, Google added three-dimensional imagery of the main ring-shaped office building that’s a bit out of date. Apple Maps implemented 3D images of the site along with descriptions and searchable geolocation tags back in March 2017. Tagged: Apple Apple Maps Apple Park iSpaceship News MORE FROM iDB Video recap: Apple Park construction progress made over past 12 months Watch this nighttime drone footage showing finishing touches being put on Apple Park 3D satellite imagery and related details for Apple Park go live on Apple Maps Siri Tim Cook Holness What’s macrumros? I think u mean macrumors Christian Zibreg Yes, I fixed it. Thank you! Featured Latest Jailbreak tweaks of the week: Charge, TouchBar, & more… Halide, Clarity, Adobe Scan, and other apps to check out this weekend How to live stream WWDC 2017 on iPhone, iPad, Apple TV, Mac, Windows, and Android Daily Deals: 20% off PlayStation Plus membership, 10% off Uber gift card, and more Mad Max, Pulp Fiction and other iTunes movies on sale right now How to track your sleep using your iPhone and Apple Watch WWDC 2017 wallpapers and logo pack Jailbreak tweaks of the week: Charge, TouchBar, & more… WWDC 2017, rumors of Siri speaker, new Macs, and other top stories this week on iDB Apple to announce Siri support for larger variety of apps at WWDC Jailbreak News Jailbreak tweaks of the week: Charge, TouchBar, & more… New jailbreak tweak brings a MacBook Pro-style Touch Bar to your iPhone Hide stuff from your Lock screen with LSHiddenTools10 JailbreakersUnite: a new conference that aims to bring jailbreak community members together SaveBot lets you save videos from your timeline in Tweetbot Apps How to track your sleep using your iPhone and Apple Watch Apple to announce Siri support for larger variety of apps at WWDC Halide, Clarity, Adobe Scan, and other apps to check out this weekend Can Facebook win over the Snapchat audience with purported teen-centric Talk app? Apple’s free app of the week: The Robot Factory Accessories 10.5″ iPad Pro screen protector surfaces ahead of rumored WWDC announcement Nike’s new sneaker-matching Apple Watch bands now available for purchase Twelve South’s BookArc stand for Apple notebooks now available in Space Gray Apple’s begun manufacturing its Siri speaker ahead of WWDC Elgato debuts Eve Degree HomeKit sensor [video review] Deals Instant Snap-On Smart Wall Outlets for $16 Daily Burn: Premium Membership for $99 10-Ft MFi-Certified Lightning Cable: 3-Pack for $16 Newsletter Get updates directly into your inbox. Subscribe Download the iDB app About | Contact | Advertise | Disclosure | Privacy Policy 2017 © iDownloadBlog.com - This website is not affiliated with Apple. Home Apps Tutorials Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Downloads Wallpapers Accessories Deals Podcasts Write for iDB Contact Us
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 29 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Research and Markets – Knowles MEMS Microphones in Apple iPhone 7 Plus Patent-to-Product Mapping Report: What are the Main Patented Features of Knowles? MEMS Microphones in the iPhone 7 Plus DUBLIN, May 29, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Research and Markets has announced the addition of the „Knowles MEMS Microphones in Apple iPhone 7 Plus Patent-to-Product Mapping” report to their offering. Knowles was the first to introduce MEMS microphones to the market in 2003 and is now the worldleader in MEMS microphones, with its SiSonic technology. Knowles is Apple’s main MEMS microphone supplier. Yole Développement estimates the sales of Knowles’ MEMS microphones at $360M in 2016, giving the company over 40% of the market. That year, Knowles shipped over 1.55 billion MEMS microphones. Moreover, Knowles has filed several patent lawsuits in the last ten years against rival manufacturers. In this context, it is important to understand the links between Knowles’ MEMS microphones and their related patents. Our partner, System Plus Consulting, analyzed the MEMS microphone components included in the iPhone 7 Plus, which was launched by Apple in September 2016. The smartphone contains four MEMS microphones: one front-facing top microphone, two front-facing bottom microphones and one rear-facing top microphone. Two different MEMS microphones from Knowles have been found in the iPhone 7 Plus, the KSM microphones, KSM1 or KSM2, and the KMM microphone, KMM1. The models are very similar and the study focuses mainly on the KSM format. Based on the features revealed by the microphone teardowns, we have identified the closest Knowles patents to these technologies, and describe the main claimed features. This helps understand the core technologies developed by Knowles in their MEMS microphones. Knowles microphones in the iPhone 7 Plus include technologies claimed in patents published in the early 2000s and in the mid-2010s. We have also observed new IP activity linked to these microphones. The technologies currently being developed could represent a new angle of attack for infringement litigation from Knowles after the wave of suits the company initiated over the last decade. Combining the data obtained by System Plus Consulting’s teardown of Knowles microphones in the Apple iPhone 7 Plus with an IP analysis, this report highlights IP related to these MEMS microphones. Moreover, it analyzes Knowles’ related patent portfolio in order to understand the company’s IP strategy and to identify main IP competitors. Key Features Of The Report: Essential IP analysis of Knowles’ patent portfolio related to the MEMS Microphones of Apple iPhone 7 Plus including:  – Time evolution of patent publications and countries of patent filings  – Current legal status of patents – Citation network and competitive IP networks – Inventor identification – Analysis of main patent lawsuits filed by Knowles – Deep insight on technology data, including teardown analysis, of the Knowles MEMS Microphones in the Apple iPhone 7 Plus Objective Of The Report: – Understand Knowles’ IP strategy  – Identify key patents held by Knowles, and related to product features  – Find the link between patented technological solutions and the marketed product. Key Topics Covered: 1. Introduction   Companies Mentioned – AAC Technologies – Akustica – Amkor Technology – Analog Devices – Goertek – Infineon – Invensense – Kyocera – NXP – Omron – Panasonic – TDK – Yamaha For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/23ndpw/knowles_mems Media Contact: Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com    SOURCE Research and Markets CategoriesUncategorized TagsSurveys, Polls and Research Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Vertiv Extends Liebert® PCW Range with Highest Efficiency Chilled Water Solution Next PostNext Trucking Industry Recognizes Memorial Day Posted on 29 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Research and Markets – Knowles MEMS Microphones in Apple iPhone 7 Plus Patent-to-Product Mapping Report: What are the Main Patented Features of Knowles? MEMS Microphones in the iPhone 7 Plus DUBLIN, May 29, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Research and Markets has announced the addition of the „Knowles MEMS Microphones in Apple iPhone 7 Plus Patent-to-Product Mapping” report to their offering. Knowles was the first to introduce MEMS microphones to the market in 2003 and is now the worldleader in MEMS microphones, with its SiSonic technology. Knowles is Apple’s main MEMS microphone supplier. Yole Développement estimates the sales of Knowles’ MEMS microphones at $360M in 2016, giving the company over 40% of the market. That year, Knowles shipped over 1.55 billion MEMS microphones. Moreover, Knowles has filed several patent lawsuits in the last ten years against rival manufacturers. In this context, it is important to understand the links between Knowles’ MEMS microphones and their related patents. Our partner, System Plus Consulting, analyzed the MEMS microphone components included in the iPhone 7 Plus, which was launched by Apple in September 2016. The smartphone contains four MEMS microphones: one front-facing top microphone, two front-facing bottom microphones and one rear-facing top microphone. Two different MEMS microphones from Knowles have been found in the iPhone 7 Plus, the KSM microphones, KSM1 or KSM2, and the KMM microphone, KMM1. The models are very similar and the study focuses mainly on the KSM format. Based on the features revealed by the microphone teardowns, we have identified the closest Knowles patents to these technologies, and describe the main claimed features. This helps understand the core technologies developed by Knowles in their MEMS microphones. Knowles microphones in the iPhone 7 Plus include technologies claimed in patents published in the early 2000s and in the mid-2010s. We have also observed new IP activity linked to these microphones. The technologies currently being developed could represent a new angle of attack for infringement litigation from Knowles after the wave of suits the company initiated over the last decade. Combining the data obtained by System Plus Consulting’s teardown of Knowles microphones in the Apple iPhone 7 Plus with an IP analysis, this report highlights IP related to these MEMS microphones. Moreover, it analyzes Knowles’ related patent portfolio in order to understand the company’s IP strategy and to identify main IP competitors. Key Features Of The Report: Essential IP analysis of Knowles’ patent portfolio related to the MEMS Microphones of Apple iPhone 7 Plus including:  – Time evolution of patent publications and countries of patent filings  – Current legal status of patents – Citation network and competitive IP networks – Inventor identification – Analysis of main patent lawsuits filed by Knowles – Deep insight on technology data, including teardown analysis, of the Knowles MEMS Microphones in the Apple iPhone 7 Plus Objective Of The Report: – Understand Knowles’ IP strategy  – Identify key patents held by Knowles, and related to product features  – Find the link between patented technological solutions and the marketed product. Key Topics Covered: 1. Introduction   Companies Mentioned – AAC Technologies – Akustica – Amkor Technology – Analog Devices – Goertek – Infineon – Invensense – Kyocera – NXP – Omron – Panasonic – TDK – Yamaha For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/23ndpw/knowles_mems Media Contact: Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com    SOURCE Research and Markets CategoriesUncategorized TagsSurveys, Polls and Research Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Vertiv Extends Liebert® PCW Range with Highest Efficiency Chilled Water Solution Next PostNext Trucking Industry Recognizes Memorial Day Search Recent Posts iMobie PhoneRescue Now Restores Lost Data for Android Users with Highest Success Rate, Even Directly to Phones and Tablets Drilling Begins! Zion Oil & Gas Spuds Megiddo-Jezreel #1 Well Global Industrial Cartridge Valves Market Industry 2022 Forecast Report Mining Equipment -Market Demand, Growth, Opportunities and Analysis of Top Key Player Forecast To 2022 Hydraulic Bolt Tensioner Market Industry Global Size, Share, Trend & Forecast 2017-2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iOS 11 iPad (2017) iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS 10.13 macOS Sierra Siri Smart Speaker tvOS 10 watchOS 3 WWDC 2017 Buyer's Guide Forums Siri Smart Speaker iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra WWDC 2017 MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air iOS 11 macOS 10.13 Apple VR Project iMac iPad (2017) Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > Apple Maps Now Shows Apple Park 3D Models, Campus Walkways Monday May 29, 2017 4:22 AM PDT by Tim Hardwick Apple has quietly updated its Maps app to include additional 3D coverage of the new Apple Park campus location in Cupertino, California. The enhanced detail includes a "Map" view with 3D building models as well as access roads running in and out of the campus. Traffic directions, pedestrian walkways, and other information can also be found when searching the area. In addition, the company has added some new points of interest for Apple Park, such as the Steve Jobs Theater, the research and development facility, the staff fitness center, and above-ground parking. The manmade pond that lies within the walls of the main building also features. Apple has gradually been adding Maps location information and satellite imagery for Apple Park since March. The company has already started moving thousands of staff to the new campus while landscaping and exterior work to the central office building continues, as evidenced in recent drone footage. Apple Park began as an idea by the late former CEO Steve Jobs, who pitched the plans for the campus to the Cupertino City Council in 2011, with a completion date for 2015. Demolition on the proposed site began in 2013, but construction delays pushed back a late 2016 opening to the spring of 2017. (Via AppleInsider.) Tag: Apple Park 36 comments Top Rated Comments (View all) Aluminum213 1 week ago Now if only Apple maps would actually cover the rest of the country it would be useful Rating: 5 Votes KeyMs92 1 week ago Whatever you think of Apple Maps, Apple Park coverage has been excellent. Rating: 5 Votes Stella 1 week ago Well, ok. I'm sure Apple took extra care to ensure the mapping was accurate down to the last mm! I still don't trust Apple maps and doesn't cover enough modes of transport and have long since removed the app icon from my phone. Rating: 3 Votes Steve.P.JobsFan 1 week ago Considering not a single normal soul will be allowed in the park, they might have just well covered area 51. That's most certainly not true. There is an Apple Store and a café that are open to the public. Rating: 2 Votes Futurix 1 week ago They didn't update the app, they updated the server database with 3D data :rolleyes: Rating: 2 Votes Bart Kela 5 days ago at 09:23 am Apple will probably include some sort of locator function in an employee-only iOS app that's tied to iBeacons. I'm sure there would be signage as well, like in an airport terminal or train station. The first couple of weeks, I figure some people will accidentally walk into the wrong cubicle, but those are growing pains associated with any sort of move, not just Apple Park. I tend to bump into walls in a new place when I'm trying to go to the bathroom in the middle of the night. :D Different venues have different seating chart systems based on what works for the venue. Having three digit numerical sections works well in multi-level facility. It's really not that different as having apartment or hotel rooms with the room number's first digit indicating the floor number. In many places, the odd number rooms would be in one wing, the even number rooms would be in the other wing, so rooms 411 and 413 might be neighbors on the same floor. In some concert venues, the seat rows are alphabetical and the seats themselves are numerical. At at least one symphony hall, orchestra seat A101 is first row, center seat. In another venue, seat A01 might be the seat closest to one of the side aisles. There are plenty of location naming systems, no one best way to do things for every venue. Rating: 1 Votes solipsism 6 days ago at 09:25 am I wonder how they'll map out the building. Typically, in squarish buildings, it's like Battleship, where I may be at location 5P4, where the first digit is the floor number, and the P4 is an XY coordinate. For me, it makes sense to have a system like a 360 degree, but do you use magnetic north (easy if you have a phone, but changes - ask a pilot) or true north? Something like Floor Lettered Distance Radial, so 4S270 would be on the west side, a considerable distance from the center of the circle, on the 4th floor. Rectangular coordinates wouldn't work so well, as there would be gaps in the coverage, and gridding out a circular building makes it harder to find something. I've seen stadia with their systems, but they seem to be more of a system that makes sense to them (i.e. circular alphabet and hundreds for the level.) I like using degrees as markers. They could also create section names since that's usually a little easier for most people to understand. I'm wondering if we'll hear about an internal app that using the tech form the indoor mapping companies they've purchased so you can, say, look an internal email footer of a person, click on their office or the conference room they want you to meet at, and having it direct you how to get there, show you a map, and tell you how long it will take to walk there. The biggest need will likely be for the employees parking under the ring who want to park closest to their workspace. After that it's probably fairly simple to navigate. Rating: 1 Votes Bart Kela 6 days ago at 08:38 pm Aerial overhead photography can useful, but it also has its shortcomings. Actually, it's rather hard to tell from Google Earth about land usage advantage since A.) you don't see the number of stories the building has, and B.) it doesn't indicate the size of the underground parking facilities (nor the capacity of the two above-ground parking garages on the southern perimeter). The old HP complex was a typical Silicon Valley corporate campus (maybe one or two stories), plus ground level parking on wide swaths of asphalt. What won't show up on aerial photography at all is the traffic impact on the higher-occupancy Apple Park complex. There will be more people at Apple Park than the old HP campus, but the freeway isn't any wider nor are the bordering surface streets (North Wolfe Road, Homestead Road, Tantau Avenue). There is no rail-based mass transit (Caltrain, VTA Light Rail) and none of the three aforementioned streets are really great bicycle throughways. North Tantau Avenue does not have its own freeway off-ramp so the bulk of the traffic will be from the North Wolfe exit (traffic from the north/San Francisco) and Lawrence Expressway (traffic from the south/San Jose). There is a large hospital (Kaiser Permanente) at the corner of Homestead and Lawrence, so before a single Apple employee drives to the new Apple Park, there is already a fair amount of traffic on these streets. There's a decidedly moribund shopping mall (Vallco Park) just south of I-280. If that ever picks up again, again that will drive more traffic to these freeway exits. Best to stay away from this area during rush hour. It's gonna be a cluster. The people who are really screwed are the apartment residents in the southwestern section. Unless you live there and work at Apple Park, it's going to hell on weekdays. Also, the apartment residents have lost easy access to the east. Pruneridge Avenue no longer bisects the Apple property, those residents will be forced to turn right onto North Wolfe and right again onto Homestead. For sure, Apple is sticking a heck of a lot more people in the new development, but with that comes its own set of issues. Rating: 1 Votes palmerc 6 days ago at 09:15 am I thought radians were used along the circumference. I meant a radial, which would be a point from the center of the circle to the circumference. I may have gotten my jargon messed up. Radial - adj. of or arranged like rays or the radii of a circle; diverging in lines from a common center. Radian - noun - a unit of angle, equal to an angle at the center of a circle whose arc is equal in length to the radius I think I was misusing radials as a noun, instead of an adjective. **EDIT** Yeah... I never got Radians for engineering. I understand the use, as it is a direct relationship in the circle, but having been a Boy Scout, degrees makes sense for me. [doublepost=1496144746][/doublepost] I understand what you mean (overthinking... honey, is that you???), but I happen (at the moment) to work in the world's largest building (by volume), and having an exact place to find people, or conference rooms is critical. If someone says, "I'm in conference room 511P6 in the factory," anyone that has the basic (it's the same across the corporation) understanding can know that it's on the 5th floor (the 5 in 511), in XY coordinate P6. I was just hoping to have a consistency and commonality between round buildings. This way, when Apple has another round building, the mapping is consistent. As for the football (American or Worldwide) stadia, those get kind of goofy. I've been in those where there are numbers for the sections, letters, and other variations... You could used normalised coordinates so each room would have Rho (meters) and Theta (radians) so you can identify any point. Rating: 1 Votes JeffyTheQuik 1 week ago I wonder how they'll map out the building. Typically, in squarish buildings, it's like Battleship, where I may be at location 5P4, where the first digit is the floor number, and the P4 is an XY coordinate. For me, it makes sense to have a system like a 360 degree, but do you use magnetic north (easy if you have a phone, but changes - ask a pilot) or true north? Something like Floor Lettered Distance Radial, so 4S270 would be on the west side, a considerable distance from the center of the circle, on the 4th floor. Rectangular coordinates wouldn't work so well, as there would be gaps in the coverage, and gridding out a circular building makes it harder to find something. I've seen stadia with their systems, but they seem to be more of a system that makes sense to them (i.e. circular alphabet and hundreds for the level.) Rating: 1 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming MacBook Pro June 2017 Minor update to latest Kaby Lake processors expected at WWDC. MacBook June 2017 Faster Kaby Lake processors and up to 16 GB of RAM expected at WWDC. iPad Pro Mid 2017 New ~10.5-inch model with nearly bezel-free design rumored. Siri Smart Speaker June Unveil? WWDC 2017 June 5–9 iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 MacBook Air June 2017? iMac Late 2017? Front Page Stories What to Expect at WWDC 2017: Software Updates, Mac Notebook Refresh, New iPad Pro, Siri Speaker Possible 2 days ago on Front Page Apple's annual Worldwide Developers Conference kicks off on Monday morning, with a keynote event that starts at 10:00 a.m. This year's event promises to be exciting, because alongside new... 330 comments Apple to Expand Siri to Work With More Types of Third-Party Apps 2 days ago on Front Page At its Worldwide Developers Conference next week, Apple is expected to expand Siri's functionality, allowing the voice assistant built into the iPhone and iPad to work with a wider variety of... 59 comments Apple Paying Freelancers to Improve the Accuracy of Apple Maps 2 days ago on Front Page In an effort to improve Apple Maps, which many iPhone users still consider to be inferior to Google Maps, Apple has enlisted the help of contracted freelancers to validate the accuracy of points of... 130 comments Apple CEO Tim Cook: Trump's Decision to Withdraw From Paris Accord 'Was Wrong for Our Planet' 3 days ago on Front Page Apple CEO Tim Cook this afternoon sent an email to Apple employees expressing his disappointment with U.S. President Donald Trump's decision to pull out of the Paris climate deal. In the... 863 comments First WWDC 2017 Decorations Start Going Up at McEnery Convention Center 3 days ago on Front Page With just four days to go until the 2017 Worldwide Developers Conference, Apple has started decorating the McEnery Convention Center in San Jose, where the event will be held. Based on images... 143 comments New Nike Apple Watch Bands Now Available for Purchase [Updated] 3 days ago on Front Page Last week, Nike announced plans to release four new Nike+ Apple Watch bands in colors that match its line of Nike Air VaporMax Flyknit "Day to Night" shoes, and those watch bands are... 99 comments Swift Playgrounds Will Soon Be Able to Program and Control Robots, Drones, and Toys 4 days ago on Front Page Apple today announced that Swift Playgrounds, its iPad app aimed at making learning how to code interactive and fun, will be able to program and control robots, drones, musical instruments, and other... 76 comments Apple Says Developers Have Earned Over $70 Billion From App Store Since It Launched 4 days ago on Front Page Apple today announced that its global developer community has earned over $70 billion since the App Store launched in 2008."People everywhere love apps and our customers are downloading them... 111 comments • Rumored Siri Speaker in Production Ahead of Possible WWDC Debut (301) • Apple CEO Tim Cook Urges U.S. President to Stay in Paris Climate Pact (460) • 'iPhone 8' Renders Offer Direct Size Comparisons With iPhone 7 and Galaxy S8 (192) • Apple Registers New Macs and iPads in Eurasia Ahead of WWDC on June 5 (302) • Apple's 'Carpool Karaoke' TV Series to Debut on August 8 (125) • Apple Updates Official WWDC App Ahead of 2017 Event (53) • Apple Seeds Second Beta of iOS 10.3.3 to Developers [Update: Public Beta Available] (54)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade 32-bit Apps No Longer Appear in App Store Search Results: The 32-bit App-pocalypse Begins [Update: Maybe Not?] WWDC Preparations - The TouchArcade Show #209 TouchArcade Needs Your Help to Survive: Here's All the Ways You Can Support Us (Some for Free!) TouchArcade Game of the Week: 'Yankai's Peak' 'Beholder' Review - Oppressing People and Taking Names Was Never This Fun New 'Thor's Hammer' Expansion Arrives for 'The Quest HD' YouTube What to Expect at WWDC 2017! Is the 10.5-inch iPad coming at WWDC? Apple’s Self-Driving Car Spotted on 101 in Palo Alto Is Sleep Tracking Coming to Apple Watch? Is a Siri speaker coming at WWDC 2017? Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
Events Resources Blog Journalists +44 (0)20 7454 5110+44 (0)20 7454 5110 Log In Sign Up News Products Contact Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All Public Company News View All News Releases All Multimedia News Regulatory News D/A/CH Regulatory News View All Regulatory News France Regulatory News UK Regulatory News Business & Money Auto & Transportation View All Auto & Transportation Aerospace, Defense Airlines & Aviation Air Freight Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology View All Business Technology Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing View All Financial Services & Investing Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders’ Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business View All General Business Awards Commercial Real Estate Conference Call Announcements Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology View All Consumer Technology Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web site Wireless Communications Energy View All Energy Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environment View All Environment Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing View All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Aerospace & Defence Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecommunications View All Telecommunications Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunications Equipment Telecommunications Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail View All Consumer Products & Retail Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health View All Health Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports View All Sports General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel View All Travel Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest View All Policy & Public Interest Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government Labor & Union Not For Profit Public Safety People & Culture People & Culture View All People & Culture Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Handicapped, Disabled Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Research and Markets - Knowles MEMS Microphones in Apple iPhone 7 Plus Patent-to-Product Mapping Report: What are the Main Patented Features of Knowles? MEMS Microphones in the iPhone 7 Plus News provided by Research and Markets 29 May, 2017, 13:15 BST Share this article DUBLIN, May 29, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "Knowles MEMS Microphones in Apple iPhone 7 Plus Patent-to-Product Mapping" report to their offering. Knowles was the first to introduce MEMS microphones to the market in 2003 and is now the worldleader in MEMS microphones, with its SiSonic technology. Knowles is Apple's main MEMS microphone supplier. Yole Développement estimates the sales of Knowles' MEMS microphones at $360M in 2016, giving the company over 40% of the market. That year, Knowles shipped over 1.55 billion MEMS microphones. Moreover, Knowles has filed several patent lawsuits in the last ten years against rival manufacturers. In this context, it is important to understand the links between Knowles' MEMS microphones and their related patents. Our partner, System Plus Consulting, analyzed the MEMS microphone components included in the iPhone 7 Plus, which was launched by Apple in September 2016. The smartphone contains four MEMS microphones: one front-facing top microphone, two front-facing bottom microphones and one rear-facing top microphone. Two different MEMS microphones from Knowles have been found in the iPhone 7 Plus, the KSM microphones, KSM1 or KSM2, and the KMM microphone, KMM1. The models are very similar and the study focuses mainly on the KSM format. Based on the features revealed by the microphone teardowns, we have identified the closest Knowles patents to these technologies, and describe the main claimed features. This helps understand the core technologies developed by Knowles in their MEMS microphones. Knowles microphones in the iPhone 7 Plus include technologies claimed in patents published in the early 2000s and in the mid-2010s. We have also observed new IP activity linked to these microphones. The technologies currently being developed could represent a new angle of attack for infringement litigation from Knowles after the wave of suits the company initiated over the last decade. Combining the data obtained by System Plus Consulting's teardown of Knowles microphones in the Apple iPhone 7 Plus with an IP analysis, this report highlights IP related to these MEMS microphones. Moreover, it analyzes Knowles' related patent portfolio in order to understand the company's IP strategy and to identify main IP competitors. Key Features Of The Report: Essential IP analysis of Knowles' patent portfolio related to the MEMS Microphones of Apple iPhone 7 Plus including:  - Time evolution of patent publications and countries of patent filings  - Current legal status of patents - Citation network and competitive IP networks - Inventor identification - Analysis of main patent lawsuits filed by Knowles - Deep insight on technology data, including teardown analysis, of the Knowles MEMS Microphones in the Apple iPhone 7 Plus Objective Of The Report: - Understand Knowles' IP strategy  - Identify key patents held by Knowles, and related to product features  - Find the link between patented technological solutions and the marketed product. Key Topics Covered: 1. Introduction   2. Methodology   3. Tear Down   4. Patent Landscape Overview  5. Patent-To-Product Mapping  6. Patent Litigation  7. Conclusion Companies Mentioned - AAC Technologies - Akustica - Amkor Technology - Analog Devices - Goertek - Infineon - Invensense - Kyocera - NXP - Omron - Panasonic - TDK - Yamaha For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/23ndpw/knowles_mems Media Contact: Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com  For E.S.T Office Hours Call 1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call 1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716   SOURCE Research and Markets Related Links http://www.researchandmarkets.com 29 May, 2017, 13:30 BST Preview: Research and Markets - Global Lithium Market 2017-2021: Key Vendors are Albemarle, FMC, Sichuan Tianqi Lithium Industries & SQM 29 May, 2017, 13:00 BST Preview: Mainland China Semiconductor and Equipment Markets Report 2017 - Research and Markets My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 03 Jun, 2017, 00:30 BSTGlobal Influenza Drugs and Vaccines Market 2016-2021:By Drugs... 03 Jun, 2017, 00:20 BSTIndia Video Surveillance as a Service Market,-2023: Market is... Explore More news releases in similar topics Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Computer Electronics Consumer Electronics Publishing & Information Services Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Research and Markets - Knowles MEMS Microphones in Apple iPhone 7 Plus Patent-to-Product Mapping Report: What are the Main Patented Features of Knowles? MEMS Microphones in the iPhone 7 Plus News provided by Research and Markets 29 May, 2017, 13:15 BST Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Contact Us +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Contact PR Newswire +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Contact Us Overview Request More Info Become a Partner   Products The Wire Multimedia News Releases Disclosure Services Media Intelligence About About PR Newswire About Cision Partnering Opportunities Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France Germany India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United States My Services All News Releases Customer Portal Resources Blog Journalists My Services All News Releases Customer Portal Resources Blog Journalists +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Europe Limited. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Products Contact News in Focus Browse News Releases All Public Company News View All News Releases All Multimedia News Regulatory News D/A/CH Regulatory News View All Regulatory News France Regulatory News UK Regulatory News Business & Money Auto & Transportation View All Auto & Transportation Aerospace, Defense Airlines & Aviation Air Freight Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology View All Business Technology Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing View All Financial Services & Investing Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders’ Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business View All General Business Awards Commercial Real Estate Conference Call Announcements Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology View All Consumer Technology Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web site Wireless Communications Energy View All Energy Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environment View All Environment Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing View All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Aerospace & Defence Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecommunications View All Telecommunications Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunications Equipment Telecommunications Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail View All Consumer Products & Retail Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health View All Health Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports View All Sports General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel View All Travel Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest View All Policy & Public Interest Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government Labor & Union Not For Profit Public Safety People & Culture People & Culture View All People & Culture Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Handicapped, Disabled Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Phone +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish Apple Co-Founder Says Tesla And Not Apple Will Bring The Next Big Thing By Adnan Farooqui on 05/29/2017 05:01 PDT The tech industry is fond of chasing after the next big thing, often referred to as a moonshot, and we’ve seen quite a few of them over the years. Apple is one company that has changed the way how the world communicates. It was nothing short of a moonshot, but Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak believes that it’s not going to be Apple that brings us the next big thing. It will be Tesla. Speaking to Bloomberg Canada, Wozniak says that Tesla is likely going to be at the forefront of the next big thing that the world is anticipating. “I think Tesla is on the best direction right now,” he said, adding that “They’ve put an awful lot of effort into very risky things.” Woz pointed out that Tesla CEO Elon Musk anticipated the need for more efficient transportation systems, electric and autonomous cars. “It fit one person’s ideal of this will be the most beautiful, you know, a very beautiful, elegant and simple device to use,” he said of the Model S, Tesla’s first real product, which enabled the company to work on so much more. One might have thought that Woz would bet on the company he co-founded more, but for now, it looks like he doesn’t see Apple doing anything that will really change the world in a way that it has done before. Filed in General. Read more about Steve Wozniak and tesla. Related Articles 2017-05-25 Tesla Model 3 0-60mph Time Said To Be 5.6 Seconds 2017-05-18 Mercedes Benz's Home Battery Coming To The U.S. 2017-05-16 Tesla Rejected Uber’s Proposal To Work On Self-Driving Cars Together 2017-05-10 Pre-order Tesla Solar Roof Tiles Starting Today 2017-04-30 Tesla Electric Semi Truck Teaser Image Revealed By Elon Musk Company In Sweden Embeds Microchips Into Its Employees Some Facebook Users Are Seeing A New Rocket Icon In The App Google Pulls The Plug On Its Map Maker Service Pornhub Gives Its Visitors A Heart Attack With Its April Fool’s Prank Samsung Debuts 34-Foot 4K HDR LED Cinema Screen Sony Announces ‘Venom’ Movie For Release Next Year User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
Shop-O-Matic Lifestyle Shop-O-Matic 40+ Memorial Day freebies and deals More than 65 buy-one-get-one free deals on fun in the sun from Sunny.org good May 1-Oct. 15, 2017. More than 65 buy-one-get-one free deals on fun in the sun from Sunny.org good May 1-Oct. 15, 2017. Doreen ChristensenContact ReporterSun Sentinel Memorial Day freebies, discounts and deals for soldiers, vets and civilians. Privacy Policy On Memorial Day, we honor those who have so honored us with their sacrifice and service to keep America free and strong. Retailers, restaurants and attractions also salute our military heroes, offering discounts to veterans, active duty and retired U.S. military, National Guard and reservists with ID through Monday. In some cases, spouses and families members are included, too. Here' a list of freebies for vets, soldier and civilians. Allegiant Airlines: Free bags checks, boarding passes printed, seat assignments for active duty military, retired military veterans, members of the National Guard, military reserve and their dependents. AAA: Free tipsy tow service for everyone on Memorial Day weekend Friday-Tuesday. Apple: Special savings on Apple products for current, former and retired U.S. military, National Guard and reservists, government employees, contractors and family members of government entities. There are special offers on Apple Care Protection Plans, too. Doreen Christensen It's been a long school year and hard-working teachers have earned some fun as school lets out and summer kicks off. Teachers planning upcoming Memorial Day weekend getaways or summer vacations can use their school IDs to get free entry at several Orlando theme parks and attractions, and save on... It's been a long school year and hard-working teachers have earned some fun as school lets out and summer kicks off. Teachers planning upcoming Memorial Day weekend getaways or summer vacations can use their school IDs to get free entry at several Orlando theme parks and attractions, and save on... (Doreen Christensen) AT&T Thanks: Free screening of "Megan Leavey" for veterans and active duty and three others on May 30 at participating theaters. Blue Star Museum Program: Free visits to 2,000 museums for military and their families starting Memorial Day through Labor Day with ID. Blue Star Theater Program: Free and discounted movies for vets, active duty and their families at 159 national theaters. BJ's Restaurant and Brewhouse: Coupon for free appetizer with any $9.95 purchase; expires June 17. BJ's Wholesale Club: Free trial membership; expires July 31. Brides Across America: Free wedding dresses for military and first responder brides. Butterfly World: $10 off admission on Monday for veterans and active duty military at the Coconut Creek attraction. Costco Wholesale: Free $10 or $20 gift card with membership; expires May 31.  Cinemark Theaters: Show military ID at participating theaters and get a special discount. Offers vary by location. School's out and summer fun's in so let's get the party started with some free and cheap fun in and out of the South Florida sun. Here’s omre than 50 wet and wild ways to save all summer long. Click here to see a video. (Doreen Christensen) Delta Arlines: Free bags check for military personnel. Denny's: Coupon for 20 percent off entire check; expires Monday. Disney World Military Discount: 4-day Park Hopper passes for $196 for active, retired or spouses with ID. GovX.com: Veterans, active duty, government employees and first responders get up to 40 percent discounts on major league sports tickets, including Miami Dolphins, Miami Marlins, Florida Panthers and Miami Heat, as well as concerts, travel, apparel and more with ID. Home Depot: 10 percent off for veterans and their families on military holiday weekends and every day for active military and families with ID. Hooters: 10 free wings or choice of four other entrees for veterans and active-duty military at participating locations with ID on Monday. IKEA: Eat for free in the restaurant with $100 furniture purchase on Saturday-Monday and save $25 with a coupon. JC Penney: Coupon for $10 off $25 purchase through Monday; free 8-by-10 portrait for military families through July 11.  Jiffy Lube: $5 off a signature oil change. Here’s 10 wet and wild ways to save on summer fun, not only during Memorial Day weekend, but through August. Here’s 10 wet and wild ways to save on summer fun, not only during Memorial Day weekend, but through August. See more videos Jungle Island: Free entry for veterans with ID on Monday. Plus, up to four family members get 50 percent off admission, too. Kohl's: Coupon for $10 off $25 purchase; expires Monday. Lowe's Home Improvement: 10 percent off for veterans and their families on military holiday weekends and every day for active military and families with ID. Doreen Christensen is a gues on WLRN's Topical Currents hosted by Bonnie Berman where she talks about Memorial Day deals Doreen Christensen is a gues on WLRN's Topical Currents hosted by Bonnie Berman where she talks about Memorial Day deals See more videos Macy's: 20 percent off and earn $5 in free Macy's Money with $25 purchase through Monday. Miami Marlins: Free tickets and discounts for the 2017 season.  Miami Museum Month: Free and discounted entry at 25 museums and gardens from the Greater Miami Convention and Visitors Bureau; expires Tuesday. Miami Seaquarium: Free entry, 50 percent off family discounts for vets, military and first responders with ID through Monday. National Parks Military Pass: Free pass for active-duty military and their families offers free entry to U.S. National Parks with ID.  Outback Steakhouse: 15 percent off for vets, active duty military and their families through July 4. Overwatch: Free game play on Xbox One and PlayStation 4 on May 26-29. Rapids Wate Park: Free admission in June ith paid admission on Saturday-Monday. Rick Case Automotive Group: Double miltiary discount of up to $2,000 on Hondas, Hyundais, Genisis, Fiats, Kias and Acuras at South Floroda dealerships for veterans, active duty and spouses; expires May 31. SeaWorld and Busch Gardens: Waves of Honor program offers free entry to theme parks for military and their families with ID through Dec. 31. South Florida Adventure Pass: Pay one price for unlimited summer fun at Flamingo Gardens, Jungle Island, Pérez Art Museum Miami, Sawgrass Recreation Park and Young at Art Museum; expires Sept. 30. Summer Savings Pass: Free unlimited visits to Lion Country Safari, Museum of Discovery and Science,  Zoo Miami and Miami Seaquarium; expires Sept. 30. Sunny.org 2-for-1 Summer Offers: Buy-one-get-one free deals at South Florida attractions, stores and restaurants; expires Sept. 30. Target: Free $5 gift card with $20 meat or seafood purchase by texting GRILL to 827438 (paper coupon, on page 3 of Target circular, also is accepted at Publix markets); expires June 3. Texas de Brazil: 50 percent off dinner for veterans and active-duty military and 20 percent off take-out orders on Monday at participating locations.  Doreen Christensen Beat the summer heat and help young children stay safe with free swim lessons offered in Broward and Palm Beach counties. In Broward County, sign up at WaterSmartBroward.org  to get a coupon by mail good for the free lessons for children aged 6 months to 4 years. The site lists vendors offering... Beat the summer heat and help young children stay safe with free swim lessons offered in Broward and Palm Beach counties. In Broward County, sign up at WaterSmartBroward.org  to get a coupon by mail good for the free lessons for children aged 6 months to 4 years. The site lists vendors offering... (Doreen Christensen) VisitOrlando.com: Discounted theme park tickets for Memorial Day weekend. Walgreens: 20 percent off for veterans, active duty military personnel and immediate family, including the families of those who lost their lives in service to their country, on Monday. Zoo Miami: Free admission for veterans, military, fire, police and EMT personnel and up to six family members get 50 percent off admission on Friday through June 2. Connect with me: "Like" Doreen's Deals on Facebook; follow Doreen Christensen on Twitter, Facebook and GooglePlus; sign up for my Freebie Friday Newsletter. Copyright © 2017, Sun Sentinel Bloomin' Brands, Inc. PlayStation Publix Super Markets Inc. Busch Gardens Orlando Blue Star Museum program offers free museum entry for military and families Memorial Day is May 26, 2017. Memorial Day is Monday, May 29. All Sections News Sports Broward Palm Beach Entertainment Classified Obituaries 81°
Photos Videos Topics Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports Cricket Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education Health TRENDING# ICC Champions Trophy 2017 Cow Slaughter Kulbhushan Jadhav Narendra Modi Exam results 2017 News Technology News Popular Chinese lesbian dating app with over 5 million registered users removed from the internet Shares2 Mon, 29 May 2017-05:12pm , Reuters A popular Chinese dating app for lesbians has been shut down, along with its website and it's main social media account. A popular Chinese dating app for lesbians has been shut down, along with its website and main social media account, just as the gay community celebrates Taiwan's decision giving same-sex couples the right to marry, a first for Asia. The app, Rela, set up in 2012, has around 5 million registered users, a cached version of its entry on Apple's iTunes site shows. But users began noticing last week that the app, along with its Twitter-like Weibo account and website, was no longer accessible, according to users posting on Weibo under the hashtags #rela and #relahasbeenblocked. The service was temporarily suspended due to an "important adjustment in service," Rela told users on its WeChat app account. "Rela has always been with you and please await its return!" it added, but gave no details of why it was suspending service. "This is discrimination against us lesbians," wrote one user on Weibo. "Not being able to open it feels like being jilted," wrote another. It was not immediately clear why Rela has been shut down. The company did not respond to an email seeking comment. Apple did not immediately respond to a request for comment. Internet regulator the Cyberspace Administration of China also did not immediately respond to a faxed request for comment on Monday, which is a national holiday. In the past, the government has blocked sites it deems could challenge Communist Party rule or threaten stability, including Western sites such as Facebook and Google's main search engine and Gmail service. It is not illegal to be gay in China, although the country regarded homosexuality as a mental disorder until 2001. Many large cities have thriving gay scenes, but gay individuals still face a lot of family pressure to get married and have children. Gay activists say deeply conservative attitudes towards homosexuality in some parts of society have contributed to occasional government clampdowns. In April, another gay Chinese dating app, Zank, was also shut down after operating for about four years. In a message on its Weibo account, which is still available, Zank said it had been accused by the internet regulator of broadcasting pornographic content and so had been closed down. Still, gay dating apps are big business, even for Chinese companies. Last week Beijing Kunlun Tech Co Ltd said it would buy the remaining stake in global gay dating app Grindr that it did not own. TOP TOP < Mamata Banerjee challenges PM Modi, rejects Centre's cattle slaughter ban   Comments   Also Read Social Media WATCH| Soon, magical pub to open for Harry Potter fans Science Playing a musical instrument can be good for brain, claims research Science China plans to launch space telescope to understand Milky Way pulsars Science Russian and French astronauts end 196-day mission on ISS, land on Earth Technology Microsoft is paying users to search with Bing over Google Science Ancient lake on Mars could have been home to different microbes: Scientists < Previous ArticleNext Article > Mamata Banerjee challenges PM Modi, rejects Centre's cattle slaughter ban Related China plans to launch space telescope to understand Milky Way pulsars China to implement stringent cybersecurity law; bans collecting users' personal info China launches satellite navigation, positioning system Video WATCH: THIS video of Kareena Kapoor Khan and baby Taimur waving to the media has gone VIRAL! Menstrual Hygiene Day | Watch how this mother educated her child about menstruation Bleed with pride: Watch this woman's powerful video against menstruation stigma View all Tags China Asia Communist Party Facebook Google Grindr Taiwan Zank Apple iTunes Cyberspace Administration Rela Rela app lesbian dating app dating apps SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News China says Iran membership of Shanghai security bloc to be discussed at summit Saudi Arabia, UAE, Bahrain & Egypt cut ties with Qatar for 'destabilising security in region' Japan conducts evacuation drills over possible North Korean missile attack 'World Environment Day' right time to nurture a better planet PM Modi China hits back at Taiwan leader's offer of help on democracy Sport Rugby-Patience needed for Australia's rookie coaches, says Byrne NBA Finals: Golden State Warriors take 2-0 lead over Cleveland Cavaliers SHOWCASE-Tennis-Alize Cornet v Caroline Garcia - player profiles Tennis-Murray takes on tricky Khachanov for a spot in last eight SHOWCASE-Tennis-Fed Cup squabble overshadows home fans' joy Entertainment Ariana Grande gets emotional as she closes One Love Manchester concert Tight security and tears at benefit concert for Manchester bomb victims Ariana, others perform in Manchester as tribute to attack victims Ariana Grande returns to Manchester stage for benefit show Salman Khan’s Tubelight will be screened in Germany Money Airlines' standoff in Venezuela getting worse as crisis deepens - IATA FOREX-Dollar nurses losses after downbeat US jobs data, pound edges lower World Bank sees improving global economy but risks remain World Bank says trade, manufacturing to boost 2017 global growth Market rally rockets 55 firms to billion-dollar orbit Partner Sites: Zee News Hindi News Marathi News Bengali News Tamil News Malayalam News Zee Business WION ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site » Don't Miss: Review: Outlook Groups is now a pain on all platforms Excel 2016 cheat sheet Windows 10 Redstone: A guide to the builds Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. IT buyer’s guide: The Dell Latitude 5289 2-in-1 Review: Office 365's Delve, Sway and Planner fall flat Review: Outlook Groups is now a pain on all platforms Business chat review: Slack vs. Teams vs. HipChat vs. Yammer More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Home Tech Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Artificial Intelligence Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) CRM Collaboration Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Mobile & Wireless Apple iOS Apple Holic By Jonny Evans, Computerworld | May 29, 2017 3:25 AM PT About | Appleholic, (noun), æp·əl-hɑl·ɪk: An imaginative person who thinks about what Apple is doing, why and where it is going. Delivering popular Apple-related news, advice and entertainment since 1999. News Analysis Apple’s iPad gains drag-&-drop and a Finder-like file system “We believe that this is the way inter app communication should’ve been done on iOS since the very beginning.” Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Credit: Adam Patrick Murray More like this Apple needs to go pro for the iPad Pro Expect more A.I. in Apple's iOS enterprise future How Apple iCloud Drive works and how to use it Video Mingis on Tech: Energy microgrids, what's up with Apple TV -- and drones! Apple leads the mobile enterprise and consumers, prosumers, and enterprise users all have high hopes for its iPads, but one thing we haven’t yet had is support for drag-&-drop between apps on the tablet. Things have changed Independent developer, Readdle, has updated its suite of productivity products to support drag-&-drop between themselves. This means users of Scanner Pro, PDF Expert, Spark and Documents can shift items between these apps using drag, drop, and touch – what could be more intuitive? The developers see this as a highly logical next step when using iPad Split View mode. I imagine many iPad users would agree. [Also read: 17 iPad tips and secrets you’ll use] The developers also upgraded their Documents 6, claiming to have turned it into something like a macOS Finder, but on iOS. “Documents  serves as a single integration hub for all your cloud services! Connect your Dropbox, Google Drive, Box, WebDAV and access all of your files online and offline from one app” they said. The lack of this kind of Finder view has limited what some users have been able to do with their iPads, so it will be interesting to see what use (if any) people make of the (albeit limited to Readdle apps) feature now it is here. The future of iPad? In a press statement, Readdle said: “Apple hasn’t introduced a way for those two applications to interact, but this didn’t stop us from finding a way to make cross app drag-&-drop work. The fact that we have an ecosystem of productivity apps with millions of users makes it possible for us to create this for seamless experiences of our users. “The Readdle Team hopes that Apple will introduce their own implementation of inter app drag-&-drop one day,” they added. “We believe that this is the way inter app communication should’ve been done on iOS since the very beginning.” Many iOS users don’t really want to replicate the Mac operating system on their tablet. Apple’s intention with the OS has been to create a modern system that logically connects with future computer interfaces, and drag-&-drop support may not have fitted this philosophy. Has this changed? [ To comment on this story, visit Computerworld's Facebook page. ] Missing features Readdle suggests the following usage scenarios for its implementation of drag-&-drop: Attach scans and files to emails Copy files from one app to another  Sign, edit and return document attachments Attach multiple files to email from various sources It is certainly preferable to be able to use one original document across multiple apps – right now, if you work on something on multiple apps you end up with multiple editions of the same item, one for each app. It is possible (I suppose) that Apple’s newly-acquired Workflow solution will be able to help resolve that challenge. Elegant solution Readdle’s implementation of drag-&-drop support is quite elegant, though it only works between the developer's own apps. You tap an item until a small icon appears and then drag it across the line dividing the iPad Split View screen into the other app. Right now you find that the apps then do something logical, in Documents you can even file items within the app’s own filing system, which includes what I’d call an alias that lets you pop an image into your Photos library. One more thing that’s got to be of interest to SME’s and enterprises that use Macs as well as iPads – so long as the Mac is on the same network as the iPad and both devices are synced, you can even drag-&-drop Documents items from your Mac to your iPad using your iPad. Where next? The developers deserve congratulation for figuring out how to deliver drag-&-drop on iPad – it really is one of those features that can radically improve workflow. It will be interesting to see if other developers (such as Microsoft with its Office for iOS solutions) follow suit, as doing so may make a big difference to the rapidly growing iOS enterprise market. Apple may even want to consider introducing similar system-wide technology, integrated with Workflow. Perhaps we will learn more about the pro future of iPad Pro at WWDC next week. Google+? If you use social media and happen to be a Google+ user, why not join AppleHolic's Kool Aid Corner community and join the conversation as we pursue the spirit of the New Model Apple? Got a story? Drop me a line via Twitter or in comments below and let me know. I'd like it if you chose to follow me on Twitter so I can let you know when fresh items are published here first on Computerworld. Related: Apple iOS Mobile & Wireless Mobile Apps Apple Jonny is a freelance writer who has been writing (mainly about Apple and technology) since 1999. Follow Computerworld's IT Salary Survey 2017 results You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon Sponsored Links Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Editorial Beats Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO GameStar Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iOS 11 iPad (2017) iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS 10.13 macOS Sierra Siri Smart Speaker tvOS 10 watchOS 3 WWDC 2017 Buyer's Guide Forums Siri Smart Speaker iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra WWDC 2017 MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air iOS 11 macOS 10.13 Apple VR Project iMac iPad (2017) Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > Apple's Last 17-Inch MacBook Pro Set to Become Obsolete Monday May 29, 2017 3:08 AM PDT by Tim Hardwick Apple will soon make the Mid-2011 MacBook Air and Late 2011 MacBook Pro obsolete, meaning the two models will no longer be accepted for official repair in Apple Stores from June 30. The computers are about to be added to Apple's vintage and obsolete products document, according to 9to5Mac, indicating that Apple has discontinued hardware support for both MacBooks in all regions except for California and Turkey. Also set to be included in the obsolescence list is the Mid-2009 17-inch MacBook Pro, which is the last 17-inch computer Apple has made. The company's large form factor laptops first made an appearance in 2003 with the launch of the 17-inch G4 Powerbook, which cost $3299 and featured a 1GHz processor, 512MB of RAM, and a 60GB hard drive. A 17-inch MacBook Pro formed part of Apple's notebook lineup between April 2006 and June 2012. The last major update to Apple's 17-inch Pro machine came in January 2009, when a unibody variant was unveiled. Apart from the computers, the iPhone 3GS and the first generation 802.11n AirPort Express will also be added to the list, as part of Apple's routine practice of making legacy devices obsolete. The company ended support for the polycarbonate MacBook and mid-2009 MacBook Pro models earlier this month. Tag: vintage and obsolete 89 comments Top Rated Comments (View all) Twimfy 1 week ago Real shame. My 17" is my primary Mac and I love it. I really don't know what I'm going to go to next. I know a Retina 15" effectively offers more working space but it's just not the same as working on the 17" screen. Rating: 20 Votes Sunny1990 1 week ago Apple's 17" MacBook Pro was a incredible machine! Rating: 14 Votes otternonsense 1 week ago You will be missed. No recent MacBook Pro could fill in those shoes, certainly not the 2016 sad excuse. Rating: 12 Votes Twimfy 1 week ago The 17" MacBook Pro was an extraordinary machine! It still is an extraordinary machine. A 2011 with an SSD and 8-16gb of Ram is still a good workhorse. It's just finding one where the GPU hasn't cooked itself that's the only reason I don't recommend them to people. Rating: 12 Votes mixel 1 week ago Aww. :( it might have been a niche product but it was a nice one. Imagine how sleek a modern one could have been too. Rating: 11 Votes Kabeyun 1 week ago Lapzilla is dead. Long live Lapzilla. Rating: 10 Votes CmdrLaForge 1 week ago I always think Apple should do the 12" Macbook and a 14" and 16" Macbook Pro without bezels around the screen. Seems to me this would be the best sizes... Rating: 8 Votes DUIduckSAUCE 1 week ago Apple's 17" MacBook Pro was a incredible machine! My favorite apple product of all time. Rating: 7 Votes wtsitmn 1 week ago It still is an extraordinary machine. A 2011 with an SSD and 8-16gb of Ram is still a good workhorse. It's just finding one where the GPU hasn't cooked itself that's the only reason I don't recommend them to people. That's only because Apple uses such crappy thermal compound, and it's just globbed on rather than applied properly. I replaced the compound in my 2011 MacBook Pro 17" as soon as I learned about that. The same with my then new MacBook Air when it overheated installing Lion. (Note to editor: 2011 was the last year for 17 inch MacBook Pros – next time try to get your facts straight.) I don't care that Apple doesn't support my MacBooks anymore. I wouldn't trust them to repair them properly. The term "Apple Genius" is an oxymoron! [doublepost=1496065352][/doublepost] Damn , quick glance at the headline thought a rumour of the 17 returning .... :( [doublepost=1496063376][/doublepost] Mac Pro will probably be obsolete before it's updated...... The new MacBook Pros were obsolete before they hit store shelves. I wouldn't give two cents for their crappy keyboards. [doublepost=1496065547][/doublepost] Surprisingly my tricked out PowerBook G4 17" works quite well. I'll bet it does indeed! It's so nice to hear from someone else who soups-up their old stuff rather than throwing it away. Rating: 6 Votes b13o0r12e3 1 week ago no 17" MacBook, no Aperture. :( Rating: 6 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming MacBook Pro June 2017 Minor update to latest Kaby Lake processors expected at WWDC. MacBook June 2017 Faster Kaby Lake processors and up to 16 GB of RAM expected at WWDC. iPad Pro Mid 2017 New ~10.5-inch model with nearly bezel-free design rumored. Siri Smart Speaker June Unveil? WWDC 2017 June 5–9 iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 MacBook Air June 2017? iMac Late 2017? Front Page Stories What to Expect at WWDC 2017: Software Updates, Mac Notebook Refresh, New iPad Pro, Siri Speaker Possible 2 days ago on Front Page Apple's annual Worldwide Developers Conference kicks off on Monday morning, with a keynote event that starts at 10:00 a.m. This year's event promises to be exciting, because alongside new... 330 comments Apple to Expand Siri to Work With More Types of Third-Party Apps 2 days ago on Front Page At its Worldwide Developers Conference next week, Apple is expected to expand Siri's functionality, allowing the voice assistant built into the iPhone and iPad to work with a wider variety of... 59 comments Apple Paying Freelancers to Improve the Accuracy of Apple Maps 2 days ago on Front Page In an effort to improve Apple Maps, which many iPhone users still consider to be inferior to Google Maps, Apple has enlisted the help of contracted freelancers to validate the accuracy of points of... 130 comments Apple CEO Tim Cook: Trump's Decision to Withdraw From Paris Accord 'Was Wrong for Our Planet' 3 days ago on Front Page Apple CEO Tim Cook this afternoon sent an email to Apple employees expressing his disappointment with U.S. President Donald Trump's decision to pull out of the Paris climate deal. In the... 863 comments First WWDC 2017 Decorations Start Going Up at McEnery Convention Center 3 days ago on Front Page With just four days to go until the 2017 Worldwide Developers Conference, Apple has started decorating the McEnery Convention Center in San Jose, where the event will be held. Based on images... 143 comments New Nike Apple Watch Bands Now Available for Purchase [Updated] 3 days ago on Front Page Last week, Nike announced plans to release four new Nike+ Apple Watch bands in colors that match its line of Nike Air VaporMax Flyknit "Day to Night" shoes, and those watch bands are... 99 comments Swift Playgrounds Will Soon Be Able to Program and Control Robots, Drones, and Toys 4 days ago on Front Page Apple today announced that Swift Playgrounds, its iPad app aimed at making learning how to code interactive and fun, will be able to program and control robots, drones, musical instruments, and other... 76 comments Apple Says Developers Have Earned Over $70 Billion From App Store Since It Launched 4 days ago on Front Page Apple today announced that its global developer community has earned over $70 billion since the App Store launched in 2008."People everywhere love apps and our customers are downloading them... 111 comments • Rumored Siri Speaker in Production Ahead of Possible WWDC Debut (301) • Apple CEO Tim Cook Urges U.S. President to Stay in Paris Climate Pact (460) • 'iPhone 8' Renders Offer Direct Size Comparisons With iPhone 7 and Galaxy S8 (192) • Apple Registers New Macs and iPads in Eurasia Ahead of WWDC on June 5 (302) • Apple's 'Carpool Karaoke' TV Series to Debut on August 8 (125) • Apple Updates Official WWDC App Ahead of 2017 Event (53) • Apple Seeds Second Beta of iOS 10.3.3 to Developers [Update: Public Beta Available] (54)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade 32-bit Apps No Longer Appear in App Store Search Results: The 32-bit App-pocalypse Begins [Update: Maybe Not?] WWDC Preparations - The TouchArcade Show #209 TouchArcade Needs Your Help to Survive: Here's All the Ways You Can Support Us (Some for Free!) TouchArcade Game of the Week: 'Yankai's Peak' 'Beholder' Review - Oppressing People and Taking Names Was Never This Fun New 'Thor's Hammer' Expansion Arrives for 'The Quest HD' YouTube What to Expect at WWDC 2017! Is the 10.5-inch iPad coming at WWDC? Apple’s Self-Driving Car Spotted on 101 in Palo Alto Is Sleep Tracking Coming to Apple Watch? Is a Siri speaker coming at WWDC 2017? Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
International Business Times, India Edition International Business Times, India Edition India World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Science & Health Photos Video Search Search Home Technology Smartphones These iPhone, MacBook Air, Pro models no longer eligible for Apple repair support Check out the list of all MacBook, iPhone and other Apple products that will be turned obsolete on Friday. Sami Khan   May 29, 2017 16:08 IST iPhones, MacBooks that run out of Apple repair supportApple Press Kit If you are a proud owner of a classic Apple computer or a smartphone, this news is particularly for you. Starting Friday, June 30, series of Apple MacBook models, iPhones and Airport Express will be labeled vintage or obsolete. Do note that this isn't a label that will fetch you millions in an auction like the Apple-1 computer. To clear the air, Apple's products turning obsolete will no longer receive repair support at Apple Retail Stores and Authorised Service Providers. In simple words, if you still have a working MacBook Air, Pro or an iPhone, which was discontinued 5-7 years ago then take good care of it or you're on your own. Apple turns some of its own devices obsolete after a certain period of time because it cannot find the repairs. Although you can opt for unofficial channels, the Apple-authorized routes will be permanently shut for such products. On June 30, these are the Apple products will have the final nail in their coffin: 11-inch MacBook Air (mid-2011) 13-inch MacBook Air (mid-2011) 15-inch MacBook Pro (late-2011) 17-inch MacBook Pro (mid-2009 and late-2011) 1st generation 802.11n AirPort Express And finally, the 16GB and 32GB iPhone 3GS will be moved to obsolete dump-yard – 8 years after its release in 2009 as the third-gen iPhone. (Those were the days!) But there's an exception to this rule. In some countries, Apple is entitled to support the products that are obsolete elsewhere, albeit in limited extension. For instance, some of the products mentioned above will be labeled vintage instead of obsolete in Turkey and California, where the products will receive limited support for two more years. Apple doesn't notify its customers about the vintage or obsolete status of their products, but a publicly available document will give all the information on which devices are no longer supported by Apple. Related Apple iPhone 6 32GB launched in UK; price, colour options; all you need to know Apple iPhone 8 may include a feature that Samsung Galaxy S8 failed to incorporate Apple developing dedicated AI processor chip codenamed 'Apple Neural Engine' Post Comment IBT TV Close Macron-Trump handshake under scrutiny as pair meet for first time Why advertise with us? Latest News Here's how to watch Apple WWDC 2017 live 8 hours ago By Rohit KVN Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 gets Android 7.1.2 Nougat via Lineage OS 14.1 ROM [How to Install] 18 hours ago By Vinod Yalburgi Why advertise with us? most popular Best 4G data tariff plans for June 2017 from major telecom operators Here are the best 4G data plans you can avail in May 2017 from Reliance Jio, Airtel, Vodafone, Idea and BSNL. Moto X Play finally gets Android 7.1.1 Nougat update Motorola has announced the roll out of Android 7.1.1 Nougat update to its Moto X Play but there is no word on Moto G Play. Do you want to earn $200,000? Find bug in Google's Android OS Google has announced a bounty of $200,000 for researchers and engineers who find a bug in Google's Android OS. Apple iPhone 8 is still months away, but Samsung and LG are already scared of it Launches of new Galaxy S8 and LG G6 variants suggest that Apple's Korean rivals are already scared of the upcoming iPhone 8, which is still months away. Foxconn insider leaks design details of Apple iPhone 8, Siri speaker, AR glasses and redesigned iMacs Foxconn insider has shared some interesting tidbits about forthcoming Apple products via dedicated Apple thread on Reddit. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 gets Android 7.1.2 Nougat via Lineage OS 14.1 ROM [How to Install] Guide to install Android 7.1.2 update on Redmi Note 3 via LineageOS 14.1 ROM. Should you buy OnePlus 3T or wait for OnePlus 5 launch? OnePlus is expected to launch its flagship OnePlus 5 in the next few weeks and it is going to take on its predecessor OnePlus 3T. New OnePlus 5 teaser hints at smaller dimensions than 3T OnePlus team has posted a new teaser image depicting the dimensions of OnePlus 5 in comparison with OnePlus 3T. Photo Gallery Champions trophy 2017: India beat Pakistan by 124 runs Champions trophy 2017: India beat Pakistan by 124 runs. Sanjay Dutt supports tree plantation Sanjay Dutt spotted during the event organised to support 1000 tree plantation at BMC garden. India US World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Photos Video About us Advertise with us Brand Terms of service Privacy & Cookie Policy Permission Syndication Careers Site Navigation Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 International Business Times, India Edition All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest RSS
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish Apple’s 17-inch MacBook Pro To Be Marked Obsolete June 30 By Tyler Lee on 05/29/2017 02:24 PDT Back in the day, 17-inch laptops were all the rage. Sure they were massive to carry around but for users who didn’t mind the extra screen real estate, it was kind of a boon. However these days 17-inch laptops aren’t quite as common as before, save for gaming laptops, and Apple probably understood this which is why they stopped making the 17-inch MacBook Pro. That being said, the laptop while no longer in production is still supported by Apple, but its days of support could be coming to an end. This is because in a report from AppleInsider, Apple will be adding the 17-inch MacBook Pro to its list of obsolete products come 30th of June. For those who are wondering about Apple’s definition of obsolete products, it basically indicates products that were discontinued more than 7 years ago. It also means that hardware service will no longer be available for these products as well. “Apple has discontinued all hardware service for obsolete products with no exceptions. Service providers cannot order parts for obsolete products.” We suppose that it’s time would have eventually come, so it was really a question of when, and less of “if”. We’re not sure if Apple will ever return to the 17-inch form factor but based on the current trends, you probably shouldn’t hold your breath. Filed in Apple >Computers. Read more about laptops and Macbook Pro. Related Articles 2017-05-29 15-inch MacBook Pro Shipping Estimates Slip 2017-05-21 Apple Ends 2011 MacBook Pro Graphics Repair Program 2017-05-16 New MacBook, MacBook Pro Upgrades Planned For WWDC 2017-04-21 Refurbished 13-inch MacBook Pro With Touch Bar Now Available 2017-04-13 MacBook Pro Owners Reporting ‘Popping’ Sounds Hold On Tight, Your Flights In The Future Could Get A Lot Bumpier Samsung Galaxy S8 VS LG G6 In Speed Test Company In Sweden Embeds Microchips Into Its Employees Some Facebook Users Are Seeing A New Rocket Icon In The App Google Pulls The Plug On Its Map Maker Service Some Nintendo Switch Owners Are Reporting Warped Consoles User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Apple Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Apple Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate Fidelity National Information Servcs Inc (FIS) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $2.35 Billion Verastem Inc (VSTM) Given a $6.00 Price Target at Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate Canadian National Railway (CNI) Will Announce Earnings of $0.94 Per Share $0.62 Earnings Per Share Expected for Papa John's Int'l, Inc. (PZZA) This Quarter Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate CarMax, Inc (KMX) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $4.52 Billion Anixter International Inc. (AXE) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $2.03 Billion Cerner Co. (CERN) Expected to Announce Earnings of $0.57 Per Share Analysts Expect Cerner Co. (CERN) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $1.30 Billion Brokerages Set Antero Midstream GP LP (AMGP) PT at $26.89 Euronav NV (EURN) Receives Average Recommendation of “Buy” from Brokerages Norbord Inc. (OSB) Given Consensus Rating of “Buy” by Brokerages Norbord Inc (OSB) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Brokerages Brokerages Set Advanced Accelerator Application SA (AAAP) Target Price at $48.50 Cineplex Inc (CGX) Receives C$57.75 Average Price Target from Brokerages Anglo American plc (NGLOY) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages Viavi Solutions (VIAV) vs. QUALCOMM (QCOM) Financial Review L.B. Foster (FSTR) versus FreightCar America (RAIL) Head to Head Analysis Encana Corp (ECA) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages Parex Resources Inc. (PXT) Receives C$20.50 Average Target Price from Analysts Analysts Anticipate Cna Financial Corp (CNA) to Announce $0.77 Earnings Per Share Lau Associates LLC Buys 522 Shares of Apple Inc. (AAPL) May 29th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Lau Associates LLC boosted its position in Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) by 0.9% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 55,952 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock after buying an additional 522 shares during the period. Apple comprises about 7.2% of Lau Associates LLC’s portfolio, making the stock its largest position. Lau Associates LLC’s holdings in Apple were worth $8,038,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. A number of other institutional investors have also recently bought and sold shares of the company. Bailard Inc. increased its position in Apple by 23.2% in the third quarter. Bailard Inc. now owns 181,502 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock worth $20,519,000 after buying an additional 34,162 shares in the last quarter. Stanford Investment Group Inc. increased its position in Apple by 25.9% in the fourth quarter. Stanford Investment Group Inc. now owns 98,014 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock worth $11,352,000 after buying an additional 20,176 shares in the last quarter. Fairview Capital Investment Management LLC increased its position in Apple by 2.7% in the fourth quarter. Fairview Capital Investment Management LLC now owns 13,481 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock worth $1,561,000 after buying an additional 350 shares in the last quarter. Norges Bank purchased a new position in Apple during the fourth quarter worth about $5,625,709,000. Finally, IFM Investors Pty Ltd purchased a new position in Apple during the fourth quarter worth about $7,910,000. 58.76% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Shares of Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) opened at 153.61 on Monday. Apple Inc. has a 52 week low of $91.50 and a 52 week high of $156.65. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $147.91 and a 200 day moving average price of $130.91. The stock has a market cap of $800.90 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 18.02 and a beta of 1.26. Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) last released its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, May 2nd. The iPhone maker reported $2.10 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $2.02 by $0.08. Apple had a return on equity of 34.94% and a net margin of 20.73%. The business had revenue of $52.90 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $52.61 billion. On average, analysts forecast that Apple Inc. will post $8.93 EPS for the current fiscal year. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Thursday, May 18th. Shareholders of record on Monday, May 15th were paid a $0.63 dividend. This is an increase from Apple’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.57. The ex-dividend date was Thursday, May 11th. This represents a $2.52 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 1.64%. Apple’s payout ratio is presently 27.31%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This piece of content was posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another site, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States & international copyright and trademark laws. The legal version of this piece of content can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/29/lau-associates-llc-buys-522-shares-of-apple-inc-aapl.html. AAPL has been the topic of a number of analyst reports. UBS Group AG lifted their price objective on shares of Apple from $165.00 to $200.00 in a report on Sunday, April 2nd. Bank of America Corp reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $180.00 price target (up from $155.00) on shares of Apple in a report on Friday, May 12th. Cowen and Company reissued an “outperform” rating and issued a $155.00 price target (up from $135.00) on shares of Apple in a report on Thursday, March 16th. Mizuho reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $150.00 price target on shares of Apple in a report on Wednesday, May 3rd. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a $170.00 price target on shares of Apple and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Saturday, May 20th. Eight equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, forty-two have given a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. Apple currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $158.55. In other Apple news, insider Angela J. Ahrendts sold 75,000 shares of Apple stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, May 8th. The stock was sold at an average price of $147.98, for a total value of $11,098,500.00. Following the sale, the insider now owns 154,116 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $22,806,085.68. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Also, insider Craig Federighi sold 64,500 shares of Apple stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, May 24th. The stock was sold at an average price of $153.62, for a total value of $9,908,490.00. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now directly owns 447,151 shares in the company, valued at approximately $68,691,336.62. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last ninety days, insiders sold 420,686 shares of company stock worth $63,066,393. Corporate insiders own 0.08% of the company’s stock. About Apple Apple Inc (Apple) designs, manufactures and markets mobile communication and media devices, personal computers, and portable digital music players, and a variety of related software, services, peripherals, networking solutions, and third-party digital content and applications. The Company’s products and services include iPhone, iPad, Mac, iPod, Apple TV, a portfolio of consumer and professional software applications, the iOS and OS X operating systems, iCloud, and a variety of accessory, service and support offerings. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding AAPL? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL). Receive News & Ratings for Apple Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Apple Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Jun 04, 11:41 PM EDT Subscribe Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology Siri Flaw Leaves Your iPhone Accessible To Anyone, Mobile Data Can Be Turned Off By Rishabh Jain On 05/29/17 AT 4:52 AM Close Apple’s voice assistant, Siri, lets other people access your iPhone, surpass the passcode protection and turn off cellular data, a user said Friday. iPhone users can access Siri from their lockscreen and with the voice assistant embedded into many apps and services on the phone, this relatively minor bug might be an indication of bigger vulnerabilities. The user, Anton31Kah, stated Siri can be manipulated into turning off cellular data by simply asking it about the current status of cellular data on the smartphone, upon which the voice assistant will not only tell the user whether the data is currently on or not, but also prompt the user by asking “let me know if you want it turned on/off.” Read: Google Assistant To Overtake Apple's Siri, Samsung's Bixby, With Over 1 Billion Installations By 2021: Survey This basically lets any user switch mobile data on your iPhone on or off, which is against general smartphone security protocols. Due to the fact access to the iPhone, however minor, is being provided to a third person without the owner's permission who had already protected the device with a security cover like as a passcode. This is a loophole in Siri’s functioning due to the fact had the user directly asked Siri to turn the data on or off, he/she would need to put in the passcode first.    Whether the bug could have any malicious impact on your iPhone is yet to be assessed. It does bring forth an interesting question though — are voice assistants making our devices less safe? More and more devices now come with artificial intelligence (AI) based voice assistants. These assistants have deep penetration within the operating system, from your contact list to your financial details. While regular smartphone access goes through many security protocols, starting with the user granting an app the permission to access the device, with permission being retracted easily. There are also passcodes, fingerprint scanners and even facial recognition in smartphones such as the Samsung Galaxy S8. With the use of voice assistants, all such protocols are not easy to implement.   While many tech companies are trying to make functionality simple enough for users to do even complex tasks via simple voice commands such as making payments via Samsung Pay, the convenience might expose users to the risk of not just losing their private information but general misuse. Read: Apple Siri 2.0 Might Have Machine Learning, Improved AI, Facial Recognition And More Furthermore, a growing number of companies are opting for AI based assistants — even Apple is expected to bring out a new version of Siri at the World Wide Developers Conference next month. These assistants evolve according to usage and have the ability to perform complex tasks such as such sending out emails. Until and unless, there is a security assessment done on the voice assistants, security protocols put in place and explained to consumers, they will stand the risk of losing important data. The Siri flaw is just a minor indication of a larger issue tech companies are yet to address.   Join the Discussion Most Read The Newsletter Exclusive articles delivered to your inbox daily. Subscribe Related Stories 6 Times A Commercial Or TV Show Set Off A Google, Siri, Echo Will Siri Speaker Have Display Screen? Recommended Business Chevy's Bolt Is Being Beaten To A Pulp By Tesla's Model 3 The Chevy Bolt is the little engine that couldn't live up to anticipation from GM. Elon Musk's Tesla Model 3 is beating it into oblivion. Technology How Can We Stop Cancer Cells From Spreading? Researchers studying events that promote metastasis found it may be attributed to a new biochemical signaling process. World ISIS Claims Responsibility For London Bridge Attack London Mayor Sadiq Khan says he's too busy to respond to President Donald Trump's tweets about the incident that left seven dead and dozens injured. National Democrats Tired Of Clinton Blame Tour The former secretary of state has been speaking her mind about the Trump administration, but fellow Democrats say she should step aside. © Copyright 2017 Newsweek Media Group All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Tech News Home > Tech > Tech News < Back to SMG 45 Monday, 29 May 2017 | MYT 3:36 PM Apple opens first official store in SE Asia Employees (bottom) welcoming visitors at the Apple Store in the Orchard shopping district on its opening day in Singapore. Hundreds of people waited outside Apple's first store in South-East Asia in Singapore, which opened on May 27. — AFP Apple opened its first South-East Asia store in Singapore on May 27, drawing hundreds of excited fans to the swanky two-storey site in the city's upmarket shopping district.  Located on the affluent Orchard Road, the new shop – easily distinguished by its iconic glass façade – is expected to be one of the most popular Apple stores in the world according to the US tech giant.  Computers on display inside the new Apple Store on its opening day in Singapore. — AFP Merchandise such as the iPhone and MacBook were strategically placed on display across the spacious first floor, while the upper level acted as a classroom for customers to participate in hands-on sessions.  Hundreds of shoppers camped out in anticipation of the launch, while more than a thousand thronged the store soon after the doors opened, an AFP reporter observed.  First in the queue was Xiang Jiaxin, a twenty-five-year-old Chinese national working in Macau who had queued for more than 12 hours overnight and planned a holiday to Singapore specially to coincide with the opening. The first in line was Xiang, who had queued for more than 12 hours overnight and planned a holiday to Singapore specifically to coincide with the opening. — AFP "I am very happy and excited to be part of this. I have participated in the official store openings in Macau, Guangzhou and Nanjing," he told AFP.  Apple, which has a staggering US$256.8bil (RM1.09tril) cash stockpile, celebrated its 40th anniversary last year. The Silicon Valley legend sprang out of Steve Jobs' garage to reshape modern life with trend-setting gadgets.  Most of its earnings come from the iPhone, which faces increasingly tough competition in a saturated market. Hundreds of shoppers camped out in anticipation of the launch, while more than a thousand thronged the store soon after the doors opened, an AFP reporter observed. — AFP The tech behemoth has almost 500 stores globally with more than a million visitors daily. Aside from Singapore, its Asia shops are located in Hong Kong, China and Japan.  A regional transport, business and financial hub, Singapore attracted 16.4 million visitors last year. — AFP Related Stories You May Be Interested Here’s how to know if someone’s blocked you on WhatsApp Get popular Android games heavily discounted or free Bansen Labs adapter allows gamers with disabilities to connect with technology 5 superpowers every mum has 6 beautiful cities to add to your bucket list How to avoid dehydration during Ramadan Others Also Read Girl gang-raped after following boyfriend for supper Most sticking with London travel plans Williams set to face Lions, Perofeta gets first start advertisement Latest News Google’s Chrome browser to start blocking annoying ads next year Bansen Labs adapter allows gamers with disabilities to connect with technology Toyota-supported flying car hopes to light the Tokyo 2020 Olympic flame Microsoft’s weapon in high-stakes cloud-computing battle with Amazon? Freebies Nest Cam IQ security camera can recognise faces Most Viewed in Tech Bentley on Demand is like Uber for the uber rich Here’s how to know if someone’s blocked you on WhatsApp Microsoft’s weapon in high-stakes cloud-computing battle with Amazon? Freebies After London attack, Facebook says aims to be hostile environment for terrorists Samsung Galaxy Tab S3: Sleek and stylish Apple says payouts from App Store total US$70bil Nest Cam IQ security camera can recognise faces Will Samsung’s new notebooks write a new chapter? Waze unveils carpool app Injustice 2: Doing justice to DC Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
Tech News Home > Tech > Tech News < Back to SMG 45 Monday, 29 May 2017 | MYT 3:38 PM Apple said to plan dedicated chip to power AI on devices An AI-enabled processor would help Apple integrate more advanced capabilities into devices, particularly cars that drive themselves and gadgets that run augmented reality. — Bloomberg Apple Inc got an early start in artificial intelligence software with the 2011 introduction of Siri, a tool that lets users operate their smartphones with voice commands.  Now the electronics giant is bringing artificial intelligence to chips.  Apple is working on a processor devoted specifically to AI-related tasks, according to a person familiar with the matter. The chip, known internally as the Apple Neural Engine, would improve the way the company’s devices handle tasks that would otherwise require human intelligence – such as facial recognition and speech recognition, said the person, who requested anonymity discussing a product that hasn’t been made public. Apple declined to comment.  Engineers at Apple are racing to catch their peers at Amazon.com Inc. and Alphabet Inc. in the booming field of artificial intelligence. While Siri gave Apple an early advantage in voice-recognition, competitors have since been more aggressive in deploying AI across their product lines, including Amazon’s Echo and Google’s Home digital assistants.  An AI-enabled processor would help Cupertino, California-based Apple integrate more advanced capabilities into devices, particularly cars that drive themselves and gadgets that run augmented reality, the technology that superimposes graphics and other information onto a person’s view of the world.  “Two of the areas that Apple is betting its future on require AI,” said Gene Munster, former Apple analyst and co-founder of venture capital firm Loup Ventures. “At the core of augmented reality and self-driving cars is artificial intelligence.”  Improved performance  Apple devices currently handle complex artificial intelligence processes with two different chips: the main processor and the graphics chip. The new chip would let Apple offload those tasks onto a dedicated module designed specifically for demanding artificial intelligence processing, allowing Apple to improve battery performance.  Should Apple bring the chip out of testing and development, it would follow other semiconductor makers that have already introduced dedicated AI chips. Qualcomm Inc.’s latest Snapdragon chip for smartphones has a module for handling artificial intelligence tasks, while Google announced its first chip, called the Tensor Processing Unit (TPU), in 2016.  That chip worked in Google’s datacentres to power search results and image-recognition. At its I/O conference this year, Google announced a new version that will be available to clients of its cloud business. Nvidia Corp also sells a similar chip to cloud customers.  The Apple AI chip is designed to make significant improvements to Apple’s hardware over time, and the company plans to eventually integrate the chip into many of its devices, including the iPhone and iPad, according to the person with knowledge of the matter. Apple has tested prototypes of future iPhones with the chip, the person said, adding that it’s unclear if the component will be ready this year.  Apple’s operating systems and software features would integrate with devices that include the chip. For example, Apple has considered offloading facial recognition in the photos application, some parts of speech recognition, and the iPhone’s predictive keyboard to the chip, the person said. Apple also plans to offer developer access to the chip so third-party apps can also offload artificial intelligence-related tasks, the person said.  Developer conference  Apple may choose to discuss some of its latest advancements in AI at its annual developer’s conference in June. At the same conference, Apple plans to introduce iOS 11, its new operating system for iPhones and iPads, with an updated user-interface, people with knowledge of the matter said last month. The company is also said to discuss updated laptops with faster chips from Intel Corp.  An AI chip would join a growing list of processors that Apple has created in-house. The company began designing its own main processors for the iPhone and iPad in 2010 with the A4 chip. It has since released dedicated processors to power the Apple Watch, the motion sensors across its products, the wireless components inside of its AirPods, and the fingerprint scanner in the MacBook Pro. The company has also tested a chip to run the low-power mode on Mac laptops.  In 2015, Bloomberg reported that Apple’s culture of secrecy stymied the iPhone maker’s ability to attract top AI research talent. Since then, Apple has acquired multiple companies with deep ties to artificial intelligence, has begun publishing papers related to AI research, has joined a key research group and has made hires from the field. In October 2016, Apple hired Russ Salakhutdinov from Carnegie Mellon University as its director of AI research. — Bloomberg  Related Stories You May Be Interested Cost vs convenience: is it worth having your own printer? Stopping Internet use can cause physical withdrawal symptoms, increased anxiety: study Will Samsung’s new notebooks write a new chapter? 5 superpowers every mum has 6 beautiful cities to add to your bucket list How to avoid dehydration during Ramadan Others Also Read Rugby: Patience needed for Australia's rookie coaches, says Byrne Kicking out the jams Better connectivity in Labis advertisement Latest News China agrees to delay electric car quota by a year Google’s Chrome browser to start blocking annoying ads next year Bansen Labs adapter allows gamers with disabilities to connect with technology Toyota-supported flying car hopes to light the Tokyo 2020 Olympic flame Microsoft’s weapon in high-stakes cloud-computing battle with Amazon? Freebies Most Viewed in Tech Bentley on Demand is like Uber for the uber rich Here’s how to know if someone’s blocked you on WhatsApp Microsoft’s weapon in high-stakes cloud-computing battle with Amazon? Freebies After London attack, Facebook says aims to be hostile environment for terrorists Samsung Galaxy Tab S3: Sleek and stylish Apple says payouts from App Store total US$70bil Nest Cam IQ security camera can recognise faces Will Samsung’s new notebooks write a new chapter? Waze unveils carpool app Injustice 2: Doing justice to DC Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
Jump to Navigation AU EDITION | Monday, June 05, 2017 As of 1:41 PM AEST Subscribe AU Edition Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition U.K. Edition U.S. Edition FOLLOW | Make IBT your homepage Search Home Business News Sports Life Entertainment Technology MacBook Pro 2017 News: G4 Powerbook retirement amplifies coming of upgraded Apple notebook By Ryan Patrick on May 29 2017 6:12 PM 0 0 0 0 New 15-inch MacBook Pro 2016 - Concept design by Martin Hajek (macOS by Andrew Ambrosino) Martin Hajek Apple routinely cuts support for certain products, and there are a couple of devices getting the axe this June. The G4 Powerbook leads the list. It is a 17-inch MacBook Pro that came out in 2009.  The list of vintage and obsolete products were first reported by 9 to 5 Mac. The lineup involves a mix of Mac notebooks, Mac desktops and peripherals. The devices will be made obsolete in most areas of the world except California and Turkey. The iPhone 3GS will no longer be supported, though it should not come as a surprise since only a handful still use that model.  For MacBook users, the changes through the years have obviously displaced the old Apple notebook. The latest ones out in the market come armed with powerful specs, so one can imagine how the early G4 Powerbooks would perform with the latest advancements in technology.  For those unfamiliar with the G4 Powerbook, the MacBook sported a 17-inch display and a 1 GHz G4 processor with a 167 MHz bus. Backing these up were 512 MB RAM and 60 GB of hard disk space. It originally shipped with OS X 10.2.4 and was originally priced at US$3,299 (AU$4,435). There were plenty of 17-inch MacBook variants that came out, each carrying processor, RAM or hard drive upgrades. The last batch shipped in 2011, and the Cupertino company has since ramped up the specs to appease the power-hungry Mac users.  There is no official number to show how many are still using the old Apple laptops, though support was meant to end soon. Apple does obsolete legacy devices, normally done when new devices or products are expected to take their place. Hence, the buzz on an upgraded MacBook Pro 2017 is expected to get louder.  As mentioned in a previous post, an upgraded MacBook Pro is expected at the WWDC 2017. The key change to expect is an Intel Kaby Lake chipset, the processor most had wanted to see on the MacBook Pro 2016.  The suggested release of the MacBook Pro 2017 has received mixed reactions, with some questioning if the change of release schedule would affect the Apple cycle moving forward. The same holds true for early-bird MacBook Pro 2016 buyers, most of them frowning at the specs. Submit Correction 0 0 0 Related MacBook Pro 2016 buyers may curse Apple with immediate update to famed laptop New MacBook Pro and MacBook Air among devices expected at WWDC 2017 Join the Discussion 0 0 0 Search Most Shared Most Read 1 Crowdfunding, millennial buyers and higher mortgage rule real estate in 2017 0 Shares 2 Great Barrier Reef coral bleaching still threatening 0 Shares 3 ‘Outlander’ season 3: Caitriona Balfe shares picture from set 0 Shares 4 'Outlander' season 3: Jungle shoot begins 0 Shares 5 ‘Outlander’ season 3 filming ‘almost finished’ 0 Shares 6 ‘Poldark’ season 3: French Revolution adds to Ross’ troubles 0 Shares 7 ‘Poldark’ season 3 spoilers: Eleanor Tomlinson concerned about plot twist 0 Shares 8 Rafael Nadal vs Robin Haase live stream: Watch 2017 French Open online 0 Shares 9 Tennis official slams Roger Federer: 'We can't count on him anymore' 0 Shares 10 ‘Vikings’ season 5: Sigurd’s death questioned; Ragnar’s son could still be alive 0 Shares Follow Us Please enter a valid email Like us Follow us Full site feed Aussies hit worst at Microsoft Outlook global outage Uber to hike fares and add booking fee in Australian cities from June ACCC allows providers to pass on internet tax to consumers Topshop Australia enters voluntary administration; Sir Philip Green's Arcadia takes over First-home buyer activity in NSW to surge on July 1: CoreLogic Foreign investors to endure doubled taxes as NSW supports the 'Australian dream' More Business Economy Markets Companies Real Estate Banking & Finance FDA to require restaurants to post nutritional info for their menu starting May 5 Melania Trump welcomes Queen Rania of Jordan, heads to an all-girls school Pump hydro storage can help build 100 percent renewable energy grid Study shows Western Australians are unhappiest at work; older, female employees are more satisfied Egyptians unite after church bombing; Abdel Fatah el-Sisi declares state of emergency Trump to visit China; Xi approves 100-day trade talks plan More News Australia Asia Pacific Africa The Americas Europe Middle East 2017 NBA Finals live streaming: Watch Warriors vs Cavs Game 1 online, preview 2017 NBA Draft: Lonzo Ball to Lakers is not a lock, per new report Tony Romo broadcasting career may be cut short if the NFL itch returns 2017 French Open: Nick Kyrgios feels coach Sebastien Grosjean is a calming influence Samoa Joe favored to win Fatal-Five-Way and face Brock Lesnar for Universal title Australia vs New Zealand live stream: How to watch the ICC Champions Trophy 2017 online, preview More Sports AFL NRL Rugby Union Cricket Soccer Tennis Motor Sports Basketball NFL Fight Sports More MacBook Pro 2018 possibly armed with 30-percent more Intel chip power Tesla Model 3 leaked feature worry experts Aussies hit worst at Microsoft Outlook global outage Steam sale: Pay only US$1.99 for 10 games with the Cryptic Bundle 7 Acer Predator Triton 700 gaming laptop specs, price and release details Apple rolls out second beta of near-perfect iOS 10.3.3 More Life Environment & Science Health & Wellbeing Gaming Technology Travel & Food Fashion & Beauty Art & Design 'The Originals' season 4 episode 10 spoilers: Klaus invites his siblings over; Freya convinces Hayley to join her; Kol is torn in ‘Phantomesque’ [Trailer] 'The 100' season 5 poster competition open to 'talented' fandom ‘Star Wars: The Last Jedi’ spoilers: Darth Vader suit piece TV shows and movies coming to Netflix in June 2017 'The Amazing Race' 29 Finale recap: #TeamBrookeandScott wins 'TAR' 29 'Grey's Anatomy' season 14 spoilers: With Megan alive, Nathan and Meredith love story is threatened; not like a McDreamy part 2 More Entertainment Movies TV Celebrities Music McLaren 570GT Review: Grand, But No Touring Car IBTimes Newsletters Sign up to get the latest headlines delivered to your inbox every morning. We value your privacy. Your email address will not be shared. Sections Home Business News Sports Life Entertainment IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Careers Contact Terms of Service Privacy Policy IBT Media Syndication Editions Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Search for: Reviews iPhone How To Auto About Best Best Weight Loss Apps Best iPhone 7 Cases Best Budget Apps Things Apple Watch Can Do Best Alexa Skills Android Galaxy S7 Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Deals Best Galaxy S7 Battery Cases Best Galaxy S7 Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Cases Deals Best Android Smartphones Under $200 [2017] Best Cheap Android Smartphones [2017] Home Android LG G6 vs iPhone 7 Plus Camera Comparison Delivers Surprising Results LG G6 vs iPhone 7 Plus Camera Comparison Delivers Surprising Results By Josh Smith Posted on 03/03/2017 The LG G6 and the iPhone 7 Plus offer two of the best smartphone cameras on the market. Both phones offer a dual camera design that delivers more options than you are used to on older phones. With two cameras you can zoom in closer, take wider photos and open up more creative options. The iPhone 7 Plus is available now and the LG G6 is coming in April, but we have an early look unit in our hands that we’ve been using for the last week. LG delivers a phone that is more than just cameras, with an impressive 18:9 screen with rounded corners in an impressively small body that is easy to use with one hand. How the LG G6 and iPhone 7 Plus cameras compare. Apple includes two 12MP cameras on the back of the iPhone 7 Plus and one 7MP camera on the front. The LG G6 includes two 13MP cameras on the back and a 5MP camera on the front. In typical Apple fashion, the iPhone 7 Plus camera app is very minimalistic. You can choose from a variety of modes including Square and a very impressive Portrait mode that blurs the background of your subject. There are other options including Panorama and multiple video options but your controls are fairly limited. The iPhone 7 Plus camera covers the basics but lacks more advanced controls. The LG G6 camera app offers a wide range of options. There is no portrait mode, but the rear camera can capture a much wider field of view so it’s possible to take in a wide expanse or add more to your scene. There are a number of modes including panorama and a 360 panorama. Like Apple, there are slow motion and time lapse video modes. With the LG G6, you can choose to enter manual camera modes for photos and for videos that allows you to control the white balance, focus mode, ISO, shutter speed and other options for greater control. LG also includes a square camera mode that allows you to see a square photo, for Instagram, while you take the photo. When you press the shutter you see the photo you took on the bottom of the screen and your viewfinder is still at the top so you can take another photo right away. The iPhone Square option doesn’t show you the photo you took in this same way. The LG G6 offers more manual controls than the iPhone 7 Plus. The front facing camera on the LG G6 also offers a range of options. You can choose a wide angle shot to include more people or a narrower option to put the focus on you. Both the LG G6 and iPhone 7 Plus include a selfie flash option. The iPhone 7 Plus screen flashes brightly when you press the shutter, while the LG G6 screen includes a light box around the edges so you can see what you will look like. The LG G6 also includes some photo enhancement options to make your skin look better and filters that change the tone of the photo. LG G6 Wide Selfie LG G6 Normal Selfie iPhone 7 Plus Selfie iPhone 7 Plus Portrait Mode. iPhone 7 Plus Photo Sample LG G6 Wide Photo Sample LG G6 normal Photo iPhone 7 Plus Normal Photo Sample iPhone 7 Plus Zoom Photo Sample LG G6 Photo Sample iPhone 7 Plus Photo Sample LG G6 Wide Photo Sample iPhone 7 Plus Photo Sample LG G6 Photo Sample iPhone 7 Plus Photo Sample While both phones use a dual camera system, the uses are different. Apple designed the phone with a focus on zooming in, giving users a 2X optical zoom. LG focused on delivering a wider view, which allows you to get more in the picture. Haveing used both, the LG G6 camera and the iPhone 7 Plus camera there is a time and place for both a zoom and a wide field of view. I’ve definitely used the iPhone 7 Plus 2x zoom significantly over the last six months, but when walking around the city I definitely love the wide angle that the LG G6 delivers without the need for any external lenses or accessories. The iPhone 7 Plus is an amazing phone and it’s still a daily carry device, but the LG G6 camera outshines Apple’s flagship. 7 LG G6 Features You’ll Love and 2 You’ll Hate Amazing Display   1 / 9  The LG G6 display is absolutely beautiful. The display uses an 18:9 ratio to deliver more usable space in a smaller package and LG chose round corners to make the screen less likely to break when you drop it.  That's not all. The display supports DolbyVision HDR, which means you'll see amazing colors and incredible detail when you stream supported shows and movies on Netflix and Amazon Prime.  LG packs in a 5.61-inch display that the company says is closer to a 5.7-inch display due to the rounded corners. The screen supports QHD+ resolution and looks stunning.  The LG G6 is a cinema worthy display that fits in your pocket. This display puts your TV to shame.    1 / 9 Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on Reddit Share on Linkedin More In Android Mevo Camera Review: Stream Live to Facebook or YouTube Like a Pro Facebook Live Streaming with the Mevo Camera promises professional quality streams with mu… 06/03/2017 26 min read 21 Official Moto Mods for the Moto Z One of the most exciting aspects of recent Motorola smartphones is Moto Mods. Magnetically… 06/02/2017 6 min read Best Galaxy S8 Battery Cases In this buying guide, we’ll explain the benefits of a Galaxy S8 battery case and sha… 06/02/2017 6 min read Load More In Android 1 Comment One Comment Jaxon 05/29/2017 at 12:30 am Does your site have a contact page? I’m having a tough time locatijg it but, I’d like to hoot you aan email. I’ve got some sggestions for your blg you might be interested in hearing. Either way, great site annd I lpok forward to seeing it improve over time. Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Follow GottaBeMobile Best Call of Duty WWII Deals 8 Best Galaxy S8 Screen Protectors 100 Best Android Apps for 2017 5 Best iPhone 7 Camera Lenses and Add-ons 16 Best LG G6 Cases 5 Best Apple Watch Alternatives 5 Best Chromebooks for 2017 7 Best Online Tech Learning Apps and Sites Best New 9.7-inch iPad Cases 28 Best iPhone 7 Cases Best iPhone 7 Skins 15 Best Offline Android Games 15 Best 2016 MacBook Pro Accessories Best Bluetooth Game Controllers for Android Best Fighting Games for Android (2017) 5 Best iPad Alternatives Running Windows Best Galaxy S7 Clear Cases 5 Best Alarm Clock iPhone Apps Best Password Managers for Android Best Action Games for Android (2017) © Copyright 2017, All Rights Reserved, SXL Media, Inc.
Milanofinanza ItaliaOggi MF Fashion Class Life CCeC Cerca  Logout |  Registrati    Accedi  |  Registrati   Abbonati   Newsletter   Status Utente Lunedì 5 Giugno 2017 - Ore 05:51 Home Edicola Il Giornale di Oggi MF/MilanoFinanza ItaliaOggi La mia edicola Nuovo Diritto delle Società Archivio articoli Cerca arretrati PDF Atlanti e Speciali Motore Italia L'Albo d'oro dei fondi La Slovenia vi invita! MF25 Atlante Banche Atlante Assicurazioni Lavoro e Carriera eFinancial Careers Magazine Il mercato assicurativo 2016 Lombard MF International Mf international cina-italia Diplomi di valore Arriva «class digital experience week» L'annuario dell'investitore RadioClassica Italia Italia Banche e assicurazioni Bail In Industria Analisi Risparmio Gestito Tech e tlc Politica Utility Commodity M&A Classifiche IPO Eco:nomia MF Shipping Correlati Archivio Le News più lette Le News più commentate Le News più votate Europa Europa Banche e assicurazioni Industria Analisi Tech e tlc Politica Valute ClassEurActiv Correlati Archivio Le News più lette Le News più commentate Le News più votate Mondo Mondo Banche e assicurazioni Industria Analisi Tech e tlc Politica Valute Desk China Correlati Archivio Le News più lette Le News più commentate Le News più votate MF Dow Jones MF Dow Jones Tutte le news MF Dow Jones IPO e Performance delle matricole Correlati Archivio Le News più lette Le News più commentate Le News più votate Mercati Mercati Borsa italiana in tempo reale Titoli di stato - Obbligazioni ETF - Exchange Traded Fund CW & Certificates Occhio ai Titoli La Nuova Patente dell'Investitore Borse estere Indici di borsa Future Opzioni CFD - Contracts for difference Cambi - Valute Commodity Fondi & Sicav Tassi e rendimenti Trading Online Help Panieri MF ITALY In Evidenza Settori europa realtime Bond - Movers di oggi ETF - Spread & Movers CW & Certificates - Movers Indici - Il quadro tecnico Future - Strategie operative COT - Comm. Traders Report Calendario macroeconomico Fondi - Migliori e Peggiori Trading - Formazione e agenda Newsletter MF Trading Guide Download EasyTrading Download MarketStrategy Strumenti & Analisi Strumenti & Analisi Home di sezione Azioni Titoli stato & Bond Warrant CW e Certificates Fondi italiani Fondi esteri-Sicav ETF & ETC Cerca Case Immobiliare Cambio valuta Cambio Euro Dollaro Cambio Euro Sterlina Cambio Euro Franco Svizzero Cambio Euro Yen Blue Chip e Indici MF ITALY40 ai raggi X Analisi indici azionari Bull & Bear I migliori in Italia I migliori in Europa I migliori in Usa I peggiori in Italia I peggiori in Europa I peggiori in Usa Tecnologia Tecnologia My Tech Home My Tech news Correlati ClassLife - Hi-Tech video ClassLife - Hi-Tech news Lifestyle Motori Motori Home Motori su strada Motori & finanza personale Economia delle Case Innovazione e tecnologia Lifestyle Arte Vini Salute Gentleman’s Watch MFfashion Turismo Le Guide di Class Ristoranti Alberghi GentlemanLife - ClassLife ClassLife - Arte e design ClassLife - Viaggi e sapori ClassLife - Orologi e gioielli Opinioni Opinioni Orsi & Tori Orsi & Tori Archivio Commenti Podcast Podcast Punto piazza Affari Podcast Alle grida Investimenti Personali Investimenti Personali Il mio portafoglio Le mie selezioni Alert sui miei titoli Annuario investitore Patrimoni Patrimoni Web Il mio patrimonio Video Live TV NEWS TUTTE LE NEWS INDIETRO 29/05/2017 07:02 caldissime Privacy online, lettera degli editori italiani ed europei al Parlamento e Consiglio Ue Gli editori italiani della Fieg (Federazione italiana editori giornali) insieme a quelli europei, tutti riuniti nell’Enpa (European newspaper publishers’ association) e nell’Emma (European media magazine association), si rivolgono direttamente al Parlamento e al Consiglio europeo con una lettera aperta perché non venga adottata l’attuale proposta di regolamento sull’e-privacy Condividi su FacebookCondividi su TwitterCondividi via emailCondividi su Google+Condividi su LinkedinCondividi su WhatsApp Commenta Stampa Riduci carattere Ingrandisci carattere Vota 0 Voti Si rivolgono direttamente al Parlamento e al Consiglio europeo con una lettera aperta gli editori italiani della Fieg (Federazione italiana editori giornali) insieme a quelli europei, tutti riuniti nell’Enpa (European newspaper publishers’ association) e nell’Emma (European media magazine association), perché non venga adottata l’attuale proposta di regolamento sull’e-privacy. In particolare, gli editori europei giudicano negative le ricadute della proposta sul settore quando prevede che l’utente digitale potrà acconsentire o meno al trattamento dei suoi dati, sbarrando o meno una casella al momento d’installare il browser sul suo computer. Gli editori rischiano infatti di essere penalizzati, in caso di mancato assenso, perché non potranno più profilare gusti, abitudini e comportamenti dei loro lettori online. Blocco che, a sua volta, ostacola sia la creazione di contenuti giornalistici maggiormente vicini ai gusti del lettorato sia la capacità di offrire solamente pubblicità pertinente alle esigenze degli utenti. Non solo, c’è anche un’altra conseguenza negativa a detta di Enpa ed Emma (la cui lettera aperta viene pubblicata oggi, qui di seguito, da MilanoFinanza.it in contemporanea con gli altri giornali): la proposta di regolamento può favorire indirettamente i big della rete tra cui Facebook, Google News, Yahoo, Apple News, Msn e Amazon Alexa. Questi ultimi chiedono ai loro utenti di fare log-in se vogliono entrare nelle loro piattaforme, registrandosi con tanto di riferimenti personali, e quindi hanno una seconda occasione per domandare agli utenti il permesso di acquisire i loro dati. Passaggio che invece non esiste di norma per leggere le notizie su quotidiani e periodici, in capo ai quali e ai loro editori continuerebbe a valere il blocco posto dall’utente al momento dell’installazione del browser. Infine, sempre secondo il giudizio degli editori, la proposta di regolamento mal si concilia con la General data protection regulation (Gdpr, Regolamento generale protezione dati), al quale bisognerà adeguarsi tra un anno e che punta proprio a uniformare tutta la normativa comunitaria in materia di privacy. Ecco il testo della lettera aperta: Open letter to the European Parliament/Council Trust, privacy and news - the need to rethink ePrivacy proposals We support the objective of the Commission’s draft “ePrivacy” regulation, which has the potential to clean up the digital economy, and to restore citizen trust in how their data is used online. Citizens are rightly concerned about the use of their personal data by third party companies of whom they have never heard, and have no idea about the role that they play in their digital lives online. News organisations depend on the trust of our readers, and we support a system of regulation that restores trust, and cleans up the digital environment. But news organisations also use data generated by readers to improve their products and services by offering readers journalism that is relevant to them, and serving display digital advertising that is relevant to readers. As a result of digital distribution, more digital citizens are accessing high quality news and quality information than ever before. But the increasing trend towards consumers accessing news content via third party gateways such as Google News, Facebook, Yahoo, Apple News, MSN (Microsoft) and Amazon Alexa is changing the way that European citizens consume news[1], making publishers ever more reliant on a small number of global platforms as a consequence. Through the current ePrivacy proposals, the Commission proposes that digital citizens must consent to non-strictly necessary tracking on a global basis when they connect to the Internet via a browser interface. Given that 90 per cent of usage across Europe is concentrated in the hands of just four companies: Google, Apple, Microsoft and Mozilla[2], this focus on obtaining user permission via the browser interface has the potential to exacerbate the asymmetry of power between individual publishers and these global digital gateways. The ePrivacy proposals contrast with the implication of the Commission’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) – due to come into force in May 2018 - which aims to empower user privacy by forcing sites themselves to make sure that users understand and are empowered to control the gathering of data about their browsing behaviour in context of each site that they visit. By creating a single global permission within the browser interface, the Commission´s ePrivacy proposals will make it more difficult to ensure transparency and meaningful user empowerment in practice, and remove any distinction between publishers who place a high value on the trust of their users, and those who do not. While the explanatory memorandum accompanying the ePrivacy proposals does not place an outright ban on publishers communicating with readers in order to seek consent for the use of 3 rd party cookies, in practice, publishers are concerned that it will be incredibly difficult to persuade readers to change their browser settings to allow 3 rd party cookies. As a consequence, individual news organisations would be unable to provide readers with personalised content and marketing, or serve relevant digital advertising within their environments. The practice of serving relevant advertising to readers is now an established norm in the advertising industry, and is essential to ensure that publishers can compete with Google and Facebook who already control 20% of total global advertising spend in 2017[3]. If as a result of these proposals, news publishers were unable to serve relevant advertising to our readers, this would reduce our ability to compete with the capabilities of dominant digital platforms for digital advertising revenues, ultimately undermining our ability to invest in high quality journalism across Europe. The current ePrivacy proposals will result in the data of European digital citizens being concentrated in the hands of a few global companies, as a result of which, digital citizens will become less protected. It will give those global companies: a tighter grip on the personal data of European digital citizens; further strengthen their dominance in the European digital economy, and; introduce further complexity for individual publishers, despite the European Commission acknowledging these issues are already covered by the regulation that will enter into force in 2018. By shifting consent to the collection of data from each individual news site that they visit, to providing a global consent via a small number of powerful gateways, the Commission’s proposals threaten to prevent news organisations from delivering basic functionality such as the marketing of products and services, the tailoring of news products to the needs and desires of news consumers, and relevant and acceptable advertising. The impact on news organisations would be to reduce their ability to deliver high quality products and services, and undermine their ability to generate advertising revenues to reinvest in journalism. Therefore it is essential that in implementing the objectives of the “ePrivacy” proposals, the European Parliament / Council must work with the news industry to ensure that the directive provides flexibility of implementation to encourage a direct relationship between each internet user and the trusted news organisations that they visit, not further undermine it. --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- [1] 1 The latest Reuters News Report - which surveyed citizens across the world - found that “ half (51%) say they use social media as a source of news each week. More than a quarter of 18–24s say social media (28%) are their main source of news – more than television (24%) for the first time.” As a result of these changes, the Reuters survey found that the “growth of news accessed and increasingly consumed via social networks, portals and mobile apps means that the originating news brand gets clearly noticed less than half the time in the UK, and Canada. In countries like Japan and South Korea, where aggregated and distributed news is already more widespread, the brand only gets noticed around a quarter of the time when accessed through news portals.” [2] https://www.statista.com/statistics/269881/market-share-held-by-internet-browsers-in-europe [3] https://www.theguardian.com/media/2017/may/02/google-and-facebook-bring-in-one-fifth-of-global-ad-revenue Condividi su FacebookCondividi su TwitterCondividi via emailCondividi su Google+Condividi su LinkedinCondividi su WhatsApp Commenta Stampa Riduci carattere Ingrandisci carattere   Google and Facebook   European Commission   European Parliament   Microsoft and Mozilla   that   Japan and South Korea Potrebbero interessarti anche cerca case e appartamenti Inserisci comune Le News più lette Tutte 1. B.Mps: pronto accordo con Atlante su sofferenze (Mess) 17/05/2017 2. BORSA: commento di chiusura 02/06/2017 3. COMMENTO AIM: indice in rialzo, in luce Assiteca 02/06/2017 4. Hibu: compie 10 anni e punta a 3,5 mln di fatturato 02/06/2017 5. Borsa: in calo controvalore scambi (2,295 mld) 02/06/2017 Le News piu' commentate Tutte 1. Unicredit: forzata anche la soglia psicologica dei 16 euro 05/05/2017 2. Unicredit: ricoperto il primo gap a 16,15 euro 18/05/2017 3. Dax future: una brusca e improvvisa correzione 18/05/2017 4. Dax future: resistenza di breve a 12.850 punti 17/05/2017 5. Unicredit: un trend rialzista pieno di gap 12/05/2017 Le News piu' votate Tutte 1. Ftse Mib: rimbalzo verso le prime resistenze grafiche 02/06/2017 2. FtseMib future: spunti operativi per martedì 9 maggio 09/05/2017 3. FtseMib future: spunti operativi per lunedì 8 maggio 08/05/2017 4. FtseMib future: spunti operativi per giovedì 1 giugno 01/06/2017 5. FtseMib future: spunti operativi per mercoledì 24 maggio 24/05/2017 Class Editori MFIU ItaliaOggi ClassHorse.TV Global Finance MFfashion Fashion Summit Class Life Guide di Class ClassMeteo Video Center MF Video Center IO RadioClassica Eccellenza Italia MFConference Class Abbonamenti Classpubblicità Salone dello studente Campus.it Immobiliare.it Supporto Norme Help Faq Contattaci Note sull'utilizzo dei dati Info panieri MF ITALY Milano Finanza Interattivo © Milano Finanza Partita IVA 08931350154 chiudi  LOGOUT LOGIN Edicola MF / Milano Finanza ItaliaOggi La Mia Edicola Archivio I Magazine Il mercato assicurativo 2016 Lombard MF International Mf international cina-italia Diplomi di valore Arriva «class digital experience week» L'annuario dell'investitore Atlanti e Speciali Motore Italia L'Albo d'oro dei fondi La Slovenia vi invita! MF25 Atlante Banche Atlante Assicurazioni News Italia Banche e assicurazioni Bail In Industria Analisi Risparmio Gestito Tech e tlc Politica Utility Commodity M&A Classifiche IPO Eco:nomia MF Shipping Europa Banche e assicurazioni Industria Analisi Tech e tlc Politica Valute ClassEurActiv Mondo Banche e assicurazioni Industria Analisi Tech e tlc Politica Valute MF Dow Jones Tecnologia Archivio Mercati Borsa in tempo reale Titoli di stato - Obbligazioni ETF - Exchange Traded Fund CW & Certificates Occhio ai Titoli Nuova Patente dell'Investitore Borse estere Indici di borsa Future Opzioni CFD - Contracts for difference Cambi - Valute Cambio valuta Commodity Fondi & Sicav Tassi e rendimenti Trading Online TECNOLOGIA Opinioni Orsi & Tori Commenti Podcast Podcast Punto piazza Affari Podcast Alle grida Investimenti Personali Il mio portafoglio Le mie selezioni di titoli Gli alert sui miei titoli Patrimoni Web Annuario investitore My MF Logout Status utente Login Per registrarsi Per abbonarsi Newsletter Video
Milanofinanza ItaliaOggi MF Fashion Class Life CCeC Cerca  Logout |  Registrati    Accedi  |  Registrati   Abbonati   Newsletter   Status Utente Lunedì 5 Giugno 2017 - Ore 05:51 Home Edicola Il Giornale di Oggi MF/MilanoFinanza ItaliaOggi La mia edicola Nuovo Diritto delle Società Archivio articoli Cerca arretrati PDF Atlanti e Speciali Motore Italia L'Albo d'oro dei fondi La Slovenia vi invita! MF25 Atlante Banche Atlante Assicurazioni Lavoro e Carriera eFinancial Careers Magazine Il mercato assicurativo 2016 Lombard MF International Mf international cina-italia Diplomi di valore Arriva «class digital experience week» L'annuario dell'investitore RadioClassica Italia Italia Banche e assicurazioni Bail In Industria Analisi Risparmio Gestito Tech e tlc Politica Utility Commodity M&A Classifiche IPO Eco:nomia MF Shipping Correlati Archivio Le News più lette Le News più commentate Le News più votate Europa Europa Banche e assicurazioni Industria Analisi Tech e tlc Politica Valute ClassEurActiv Correlati Archivio Le News più lette Le News più commentate Le News più votate Mondo Mondo Banche e assicurazioni Industria Analisi Tech e tlc Politica Valute Desk China Correlati Archivio Le News più lette Le News più commentate Le News più votate MF Dow Jones MF Dow Jones Tutte le news MF Dow Jones IPO e Performance delle matricole Correlati Archivio Le News più lette Le News più commentate Le News più votate Mercati Mercati Borsa italiana in tempo reale Titoli di stato - Obbligazioni ETF - Exchange Traded Fund CW & Certificates Occhio ai Titoli La Nuova Patente dell'Investitore Borse estere Indici di borsa Future Opzioni CFD - Contracts for difference Cambi - Valute Commodity Fondi & Sicav Tassi e rendimenti Trading Online Help Panieri MF ITALY In Evidenza Settori europa realtime Bond - Movers di oggi ETF - Spread & Movers CW & Certificates - Movers Indici - Il quadro tecnico Future - Strategie operative COT - Comm. Traders Report Calendario macroeconomico Fondi - Migliori e Peggiori Trading - Formazione e agenda Newsletter MF Trading Guide Download EasyTrading Download MarketStrategy Strumenti & Analisi Strumenti & Analisi Home di sezione Azioni Titoli stato & Bond Warrant CW e Certificates Fondi italiani Fondi esteri-Sicav ETF & ETC Cerca Case Immobiliare Cambio valuta Cambio Euro Dollaro Cambio Euro Sterlina Cambio Euro Franco Svizzero Cambio Euro Yen Blue Chip e Indici MF ITALY40 ai raggi X Analisi indici azionari Bull & Bear I migliori in Italia I migliori in Europa I migliori in Usa I peggiori in Italia I peggiori in Europa I peggiori in Usa Tecnologia Tecnologia My Tech Home My Tech news Correlati ClassLife - Hi-Tech video ClassLife - Hi-Tech news Lifestyle Motori Motori Home Motori su strada Motori & finanza personale Economia delle Case Innovazione e tecnologia Lifestyle Arte Vini Salute Gentleman’s Watch MFfashion Turismo Le Guide di Class Ristoranti Alberghi GentlemanLife - ClassLife ClassLife - Arte e design ClassLife - Viaggi e sapori ClassLife - Orologi e gioielli Opinioni Opinioni Orsi & Tori Orsi & Tori Archivio Commenti Podcast Podcast Punto piazza Affari Podcast Alle grida Investimenti Personali Investimenti Personali Il mio portafoglio Le mie selezioni Alert sui miei titoli Annuario investitore Patrimoni Patrimoni Web Il mio patrimonio Video Live TV NEWS TUTTE LE NEWS INDIETRO 29/05/2017 07:02 caldissime Privacy online, lettera degli editori italiani ed europei al Parlamento e Consiglio Ue Gli editori italiani della Fieg (Federazione italiana editori giornali) insieme a quelli europei, tutti riuniti nell’Enpa (European newspaper publishers’ association) e nell’Emma (European media magazine association), si rivolgono direttamente al Parlamento e al Consiglio europeo con una lettera aperta perché non venga adottata l’attuale proposta di regolamento sull’e-privacy Condividi su FacebookCondividi su TwitterCondividi via emailCondividi su Google+Condividi su LinkedinCondividi su WhatsApp Commenta Stampa Riduci carattere Ingrandisci carattere Vota 0 Voti Si rivolgono direttamente al Parlamento e al Consiglio europeo con una lettera aperta gli editori italiani della Fieg (Federazione italiana editori giornali) insieme a quelli europei, tutti riuniti nell’Enpa (European newspaper publishers’ association) e nell’Emma (European media magazine association), perché non venga adottata l’attuale proposta di regolamento sull’e-privacy. In particolare, gli editori europei giudicano negative le ricadute della proposta sul settore quando prevede che l’utente digitale potrà acconsentire o meno al trattamento dei suoi dati, sbarrando o meno una casella al momento d’installare il browser sul suo computer. Gli editori rischiano infatti di essere penalizzati, in caso di mancato assenso, perché non potranno più profilare gusti, abitudini e comportamenti dei loro lettori online. Blocco che, a sua volta, ostacola sia la creazione di contenuti giornalistici maggiormente vicini ai gusti del lettorato sia la capacità di offrire solamente pubblicità pertinente alle esigenze degli utenti. Non solo, c’è anche un’altra conseguenza negativa a detta di Enpa ed Emma (la cui lettera aperta viene pubblicata oggi, qui di seguito, da MilanoFinanza.it in contemporanea con gli altri giornali): la proposta di regolamento può favorire indirettamente i big della rete tra cui Facebook, Google News, Yahoo, Apple News, Msn e Amazon Alexa. Questi ultimi chiedono ai loro utenti di fare log-in se vogliono entrare nelle loro piattaforme, registrandosi con tanto di riferimenti personali, e quindi hanno una seconda occasione per domandare agli utenti il permesso di acquisire i loro dati. Passaggio che invece non esiste di norma per leggere le notizie su quotidiani e periodici, in capo ai quali e ai loro editori continuerebbe a valere il blocco posto dall’utente al momento dell’installazione del browser. Infine, sempre secondo il giudizio degli editori, la proposta di regolamento mal si concilia con la General data protection regulation (Gdpr, Regolamento generale protezione dati), al quale bisognerà adeguarsi tra un anno e che punta proprio a uniformare tutta la normativa comunitaria in materia di privacy. Ecco il testo della lettera aperta: Open letter to the European Parliament/Council Trust, privacy and news - the need to rethink ePrivacy proposals We support the objective of the Commission’s draft “ePrivacy” regulation, which has the potential to clean up the digital economy, and to restore citizen trust in how their data is used online. Citizens are rightly concerned about the use of their personal data by third party companies of whom they have never heard, and have no idea about the role that they play in their digital lives online. News organisations depend on the trust of our readers, and we support a system of regulation that restores trust, and cleans up the digital environment. But news organisations also use data generated by readers to improve their products and services by offering readers journalism that is relevant to them, and serving display digital advertising that is relevant to readers. As a result of digital distribution, more digital citizens are accessing high quality news and quality information than ever before. But the increasing trend towards consumers accessing news content via third party gateways such as Google News, Facebook, Yahoo, Apple News, MSN (Microsoft) and Amazon Alexa is changing the way that European citizens consume news[1], making publishers ever more reliant on a small number of global platforms as a consequence. Through the current ePrivacy proposals, the Commission proposes that digital citizens must consent to non-strictly necessary tracking on a global basis when they connect to the Internet via a browser interface. Given that 90 per cent of usage across Europe is concentrated in the hands of just four companies: Google, Apple, Microsoft and Mozilla[2], this focus on obtaining user permission via the browser interface has the potential to exacerbate the asymmetry of power between individual publishers and these global digital gateways. The ePrivacy proposals contrast with the implication of the Commission’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) – due to come into force in May 2018 - which aims to empower user privacy by forcing sites themselves to make sure that users understand and are empowered to control the gathering of data about their browsing behaviour in context of each site that they visit. By creating a single global permission within the browser interface, the Commission´s ePrivacy proposals will make it more difficult to ensure transparency and meaningful user empowerment in practice, and remove any distinction between publishers who place a high value on the trust of their users, and those who do not. While the explanatory memorandum accompanying the ePrivacy proposals does not place an outright ban on publishers communicating with readers in order to seek consent for the use of 3 rd party cookies, in practice, publishers are concerned that it will be incredibly difficult to persuade readers to change their browser settings to allow 3 rd party cookies. As a consequence, individual news organisations would be unable to provide readers with personalised content and marketing, or serve relevant digital advertising within their environments. The practice of serving relevant advertising to readers is now an established norm in the advertising industry, and is essential to ensure that publishers can compete with Google and Facebook who already control 20% of total global advertising spend in 2017[3]. If as a result of these proposals, news publishers were unable to serve relevant advertising to our readers, this would reduce our ability to compete with the capabilities of dominant digital platforms for digital advertising revenues, ultimately undermining our ability to invest in high quality journalism across Europe. The current ePrivacy proposals will result in the data of European digital citizens being concentrated in the hands of a few global companies, as a result of which, digital citizens will become less protected. It will give those global companies: a tighter grip on the personal data of European digital citizens; further strengthen their dominance in the European digital economy, and; introduce further complexity for individual publishers, despite the European Commission acknowledging these issues are already covered by the regulation that will enter into force in 2018. By shifting consent to the collection of data from each individual news site that they visit, to providing a global consent via a small number of powerful gateways, the Commission’s proposals threaten to prevent news organisations from delivering basic functionality such as the marketing of products and services, the tailoring of news products to the needs and desires of news consumers, and relevant and acceptable advertising. The impact on news organisations would be to reduce their ability to deliver high quality products and services, and undermine their ability to generate advertising revenues to reinvest in journalism. Therefore it is essential that in implementing the objectives of the “ePrivacy” proposals, the European Parliament / Council must work with the news industry to ensure that the directive provides flexibility of implementation to encourage a direct relationship between each internet user and the trusted news organisations that they visit, not further undermine it. --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- [1] 1 The latest Reuters News Report - which surveyed citizens across the world - found that “ half (51%) say they use social media as a source of news each week. More than a quarter of 18–24s say social media (28%) are their main source of news – more than television (24%) for the first time.” As a result of these changes, the Reuters survey found that the “growth of news accessed and increasingly consumed via social networks, portals and mobile apps means that the originating news brand gets clearly noticed less than half the time in the UK, and Canada. In countries like Japan and South Korea, where aggregated and distributed news is already more widespread, the brand only gets noticed around a quarter of the time when accessed through news portals.” [2] https://www.statista.com/statistics/269881/market-share-held-by-internet-browsers-in-europe [3] https://www.theguardian.com/media/2017/may/02/google-and-facebook-bring-in-one-fifth-of-global-ad-revenue Condividi su FacebookCondividi su TwitterCondividi via emailCondividi su Google+Condividi su LinkedinCondividi su WhatsApp Commenta Stampa Riduci carattere Ingrandisci carattere   European Parliament   that   Google and Facebook   European Commission   Microsoft and Mozilla   Japan and South Korea Potrebbero interessarti anche cerca case e appartamenti Inserisci comune Le News più lette Tutte 1. B.Mps: pronto accordo con Atlante su sofferenze (Mess) 17/05/2017 2. BORSA: commento di chiusura 02/06/2017 3. COMMENTO AIM: indice in rialzo, in luce Assiteca 02/06/2017 4. Hibu: compie 10 anni e punta a 3,5 mln di fatturato 02/06/2017 5. Borsa: in calo controvalore scambi (2,295 mld) 02/06/2017 Le News piu' commentate Tutte 1. Unicredit: forzata anche la soglia psicologica dei 16 euro 05/05/2017 2. Unicredit: ricoperto il primo gap a 16,15 euro 18/05/2017 3. Dax future: una brusca e improvvisa correzione 18/05/2017 4. Dax future: resistenza di breve a 12.850 punti 17/05/2017 5. Unicredit: un trend rialzista pieno di gap 12/05/2017 Le News piu' votate Tutte 1. Ftse Mib: rimbalzo verso le prime resistenze grafiche 02/06/2017 2. FtseMib future: spunti operativi per martedì 9 maggio 09/05/2017 3. FtseMib future: spunti operativi per lunedì 8 maggio 08/05/2017 4. FtseMib future: spunti operativi per giovedì 1 giugno 01/06/2017 5. FtseMib future: spunti operativi per mercoledì 24 maggio 24/05/2017 Class Editori MFIU ItaliaOggi ClassHorse.TV Global Finance MFfashion Fashion Summit Class Life Guide di Class ClassMeteo Video Center MF Video Center IO RadioClassica Eccellenza Italia MFConference Class Abbonamenti Classpubblicità Salone dello studente Campus.it Immobiliare.it Supporto Norme Help Faq Contattaci Note sull'utilizzo dei dati Info panieri MF ITALY Milano Finanza Interattivo © Milano Finanza Partita IVA 08931350154 chiudi  LOGOUT LOGIN Edicola MF / Milano Finanza ItaliaOggi La Mia Edicola Archivio I Magazine Il mercato assicurativo 2016 Lombard MF International Mf international cina-italia Diplomi di valore Arriva «class digital experience week» L'annuario dell'investitore Atlanti e Speciali Motore Italia L'Albo d'oro dei fondi La Slovenia vi invita! MF25 Atlante Banche Atlante Assicurazioni News Italia Banche e assicurazioni Bail In Industria Analisi Risparmio Gestito Tech e tlc Politica Utility Commodity M&A Classifiche IPO Eco:nomia MF Shipping Europa Banche e assicurazioni Industria Analisi Tech e tlc Politica Valute ClassEurActiv Mondo Banche e assicurazioni Industria Analisi Tech e tlc Politica Valute MF Dow Jones Tecnologia Archivio Mercati Borsa in tempo reale Titoli di stato - Obbligazioni ETF - Exchange Traded Fund CW & Certificates Occhio ai Titoli Nuova Patente dell'Investitore Borse estere Indici di borsa Future Opzioni CFD - Contracts for difference Cambi - Valute Cambio valuta Commodity Fondi & Sicav Tassi e rendimenti Trading Online TECNOLOGIA Opinioni Orsi & Tori Commenti Podcast Podcast Punto piazza Affari Podcast Alle grida Investimenti Personali Il mio portafoglio Le mie selezioni di titoli Gli alert sui miei titoli Patrimoni Web Annuario investitore My MF Logout Status utente Login Per registrarsi Per abbonarsi Newsletter Video
Press Release Distribution   PR Home Latest News News Feeds Subscribe Submit Free Press Release For Bloggers PR Newswire Distribution News By Tag * Investment * Stock * Equity * More Tags... Industry News * Investment * More Industries... News By Place * Zurich   Zurich   Switzerland * More Locations... Country(s) United States Australia India Hong Kong England - - - More Countries Industry News June 2017 Su Sa Fr Th We Tu Mo 4 3 2 1 May 2017 31 30 29 Apple Valuation from Eduard Steinbach Plc. Analyst Alec Morgan Eduard Steinbach Plc. analyst Alec Morgan made the prediction as he raised the stock's target price to US$168 from US$157 and reiterated an 'outperform' rating.     Spread the Word Listed Under Tags: • Investment • Stock • Equity Industry: • Investment Location: • Zurich - Zurich - SwitzerlandZURICH, Switzerland - May 29, 2017 - PRLog -- Apple has received several target price hikes from analysts recently Apple Inc. (AAPL) could see its market valuation top US$1trn within the next 12 to 18 months, boosted by the launch of the iPhone 8 later this year. Eduard Steinbach Plc. analyst Alec Morgan made the prediction as he raised the stock's target price to US$168 from US$157 and reiterated an 'outperform' rating. Revenue and margins have potential to grow.. Morgan said revenue and margins have the potential to grow as the launch of the premium-priced iPhone 8 later this year will boost average selling prices. The pricier iPhones, including a 128 gigabyte model for at US$999 and a 256 gigabyte model for US$1,099, are expected to be released in September. Morgan also said Apple's plans for US$35bn worth of share buybacks per year through fiscal year 2019 could reduce the share count by 400 million to 500 million shares, lifting earnings per share by US$1.30 to US$1.35. Apple's share count reduction could accelerate if it goes ahead with plans to repatriate profits held overseas, Morgan added. The company holds more than US$200bn offshore and plans to bring home much of the pile this year. The decision comes after US President Donald Trump vowed to offer US firms a one-off tax holiday if they return offshore cash to American soil. Not the first on market cap rise.. Morgan for Steinbach is not the first to say that Apple's market capitalisation could reach US$1trn. Drexel Hamilton was the first to suggest the milestone was achievable when it raised target price to US$202 a share from US$185. Apple became the first company to see its market capitalisation surpass US$800bn on 8 May after Drexel's remarks. Apple's market capitalisation is at US$806bn today. Goldman Sachs also lifted its target price to US$170 from US$164bn and reiterated a 'buy' rating on the stock earlier this month, saying it expects Apple's premium iPhones will lift average selling prices. For further information go to http://www.eduardsteinbach.com Contact Roger Williams ***@eduardsteinbach.com End Source : Eduard Steinbach Plc. Email : ***@eduardsteinbach.com Account Email Address     Account Phone Number     Disclaimer     Report Abuse Eduard Steinbach Plc. PRs Eduard Steinbach Plc. gives The Coca Cola "Buy" Rating Boeing Co Receives Hold Rating from Eduard Steinbach Plc Apple set to be worth $1 trillion in a year Top Daily News A Matter of Interpretation host , Claudette Milner, Announces the Name of her Teen Host - 254 views RII Sports Technology Helping Football Coaches More Effectively Exploit Their Biggest Competitive Advantage - Data - 248 views Items from the Titanic, Andrea Doria and SS Normandie will be offered at Weiss Auctions on June 22nd - 193 views London + Manchester => Germany's GPS Ankle Trackers? - 102 views Rare antique bottles will come up for bid June 16-17 by Holabird at the Reno Bottle Show & Auction - 91 views Top Weekly News Son Of A Legend Creates His Own Lane - 803 views Bram Weinstein Joins DC's Capital Talent Agency As a New Voice - 480 views L.A. Wolves FC Focus On U.S. Open Cup Third Round Game vs. Orange County SC in 'Freeway Classico' - 468 views Entertainment Schedule Set For Wizard World Comic Con Philadelphia, Thursday through Sunday - 455 views Galileoscopes & Solar Filters Available for August 2017 Solar Eclipse - 452 views Top Daily News A Matter of Interpretation host , Claudette Milner, Announces the Name of her Teen Host - 254 views RII Sports Technology Helping Football Coaches More Effectively Exploit Their Biggest Competitive Advantage - Data - 248 views Items from the Titanic, Andrea Doria and SS Normandie will be offered at Weiss Auctions on June 22nd - 193 views London + Manchester => Germany's GPS Ankle Trackers? - 102 views Rare antique bottles will come up for bid June 16-17 by Holabird at the Reno Bottle Show & Auction - 91 views Top Weekly News Son Of A Legend Creates His Own Lane - 803 views Bram Weinstein Joins DC's Capital Talent Agency As a New Voice - 480 views L.A. Wolves FC Focus On U.S. Open Cup Third Round Game vs. Orange County SC in 'Freeway Classico' - 468 views Entertainment Schedule Set For Wizard World Comic Con Philadelphia, Thursday through Sunday - 455 views Galileoscopes & Solar Filters Available for August 2017 Solar Eclipse - 452 views PTC News Entertainment Schedule Set For Wizard World Comic Con Philadelphia, Thursday through Sunday - 455 views Wizard World Hall of Legends To Honor Comic Arts Legacy - 340 views Find Your Dream Home at Summit View in Residence 3845 - 267 views Lennar to Bring New Homes to High Point Later this Year - 243 views Lennar's Dalton Place Now Open for Tours - 230 views May 29, 2017 News SiteMap Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright Notice About Advertise Like PRLog? 9K2K1K
Home Latest News Nation World Business Cities Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Opinion Education Photos Videos Explained Good News Trending Astrology Photo News Today’s Paper See More See Less Search for:   Nation World Cities Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos Blogs ePaper Latest News India dodge rain, crush Pakistan in insipid opener Indian Army to open doors to women in combat roles: General Bipin Rawat Rajiv Gandhi’s statue damaged, Congress declares protest School principal held in Bihar topper case Day two of NIA raids: Hurriyat leader, businessmen’s homes searched London Bridge terror attack live updates: Vehicle rampage in one area, stabbing in Borough market, 7 feared dead Germany will allow protests at G20: Answer is in conversation Mamata Banerjee pens song for West Bengal, designs ‘unique’ state emblem A little fact-check of Honourable Judge’s cow order in Rajasthan My target is to create 5 crore jobs in the future, and add 3 per cent to the nation’s GDP: Nitin Gadkari Home Technology Mobile & Tabs Flipkart Summer Shopping Days: Samsung J3 Pro, Apple iPhone 6s and other discounts Flipkart Summer Shopping Days: Samsung J3 Pro, Apple iPhone 6s and other discounts Flipkart Summer Shopping Days sale starts today, and here are deals on Samsung J3 Pro, Apple iPhone 6s, iPhone SE and more By: Tech Desk | Updated: May 29, 2017 10:42 am Flipkart Summer Shopping Days are here: Here’s a quick look at the top offers on Samsung Galaxy J3 Pro, Apple iPhone 6s, iPhone 7, Lenovo K6 Power and more. Related News Apple WWDC 2017: Look for signs when Tim Cook takes the stage Apple WWDC 2017: iOS 11 to Siri speaker, everything to be announced Samsung India to expand technical training schools to Bengaluru and Jamshedpur Flipkart Summer Shopping Days sale will take place from May 29 to May 31, and there are some deals on smartphones, as well as the Apple iPad, which users can consider. Samsung Galaxy J3 Pro is being launched on Flipkart just as the ‘Summer Shopping Days’ begin, and looks like this phone will carry a special price tag of Rs 7,990. Here’s a quick look at the top Flipkart ‘Summer Shopping Days’ deals. Samsung Galaxy J3 Pro Samsung Galaxy J3 Pro with 16 GB storage and 2 GB RAM is launching on Flipkart and the price is Rs 7,990. The original price of the phone is Rs 8,490. Flipkart is also offering up to Rs 7,500 off if a customer exchanges an older working smartphone for this. Additionally Axis Bank Buzz Credit Card users will get 5 per cent off on the price. The Galaxy J3 Pro will be delivered by June 1, says the website. Samsung’s J3 Pro sports a 5-inch HD display, 2 GB RAM + 16 GB ROM, which is expandable up to 128 GB. The rear camera is 8MP, while the front camera is 5MP and the phone has a 2600 mAh battery. Samsung Galaxy J3 Pro launches on Flipkart as part of the Summer Shopping Days. Samsung Galaxy On Nxt Samsung Galaxy On Nxt is also part of this sale, and this phone comes with 64GB storage, with Flipkart offering Rs 3,000 off on the price of Rs 17,900. This effectively puts the price of the Galaxy On Nxt at Rs 14,900, though if a user can exchange this for an older device, they get nearly Rs 14,000 off. The final exchange price will depend on the kind of smartphone one is trading in for the Galaxy On Nxt. Specifications of the Galaxy On Nxt include 5.5 inch Full HD Display, Exynos 7870 processor, 3 GB RAM coupled with 64 GB on board storage, and a total of 256 GB expandable storage support. The rear camera is 13MP, while the front camera is 8MP. The battery is 3300 mAh Li-Ion. Lenovo K6 Power Lenovo K6 Power is priced at Rs 8,999 for this sale, which is a 10 per cent discount on the original MRP of Rs 9,999. Flipkart is also offering a maximum of Rs 8,500 off on Exchange. Lenovo K6 Power is the bigger battery smartphone from the company, and sports a 4000 mAh capacity battery, which can last more than a day. It has a Qualcomm Snapdragon 430 processor, 3GB RAM + 32GB ROM, and the expandable storage support is 128GB, along with a 5-inch full HD display. The rear camera is 13MP while the front camera is 8MP. Lenovo K6 Power also gets a discount of 10 per cent on Flipkart Summer Shopping Days. Lenovo Vibe K5 Note Lenovo’s Vibe K5 Note with 4GB RAM and 32GB storage is available at Rs 10,499 in the sale. Users can get up to Rs 9,500 off on exchange with these phone. Other specifications of the Lenovo Vibe K5 Note include 5.5 inch Full HD Display, Helio P10 processor, 13MP rear camera+ 8MP front camera and a 3500 mAh battery. Apple iPhone 6s Plus, iPhone 6s, iPhone SE, iPhone 7  discounts  For those who’ve been wanting to buy the big-screened iPhone 6s Plus, Flipkart has it on offer for under Rs 40,000. Apple iPhone 6s with 32 GB storage space is available at Rs 39,999 on Flipkart, down from the original price of Rs 56,999 with another Rs 15,000 off if one has a good device for exchange. Apple iPhone 6s is available for Rs 36,999 for the 32GB version, while the Apple iPhone SE is available for Rs 21,999. This is for the 32GB version of the phone. Apple iPhone 6s has a discount as part of Flipkart’s sale, and one can get it for Rs 36,999. Apple iPhone 7’s discounts are also still on; the 32GB version starts at Rs 45,999, while the 128GB version is priced at Rs 54,499. The iPhone 7 Plus is starting at Rs 58,399 at a slightly discounted price. Apple iPad Apple iPad with 32GB storage, the 9.7 inch display is available at Rs 24,900 for those who are interested. This is down from the original price of Rs 28,900. However this version of the Apple iPad is Wi-Fi only with no LTE support Apple iPad with 32 GB storage space, 9.7 inch display and Wi-Fi and 4G will cost Rs 35,900 during the sale. This is a 10 per cent discount on the original price of Rs 39,900. Flipkart is also offering Rs 1000 off on new Apple iPads. The 128GB version of the iPad with WiFi and 4G will cost Rs 43,900, which is an 8 per cent discount on the original price of Rs 47,900. More Related News Moto Z2 Play, Moto Mods pre-booking starts June 8 in India: All you need to know Apple WWDC 2017: Refreshed MacBooks, Siri-powered speaker, and more announcements expected For all the latest Technology News, download Indian Express App © IE Online Media Services Pvt Ltd Tags: Apple Flipkart Lenovo Samsung No Comments. Most Read India vs Pakistan ICC Champions Trophy 2017: When and where to watch the cricket match, live TV coverage, time in IST India vs Pakistan, ICC Champions Trophy 2017: India beat Pakistan by 124 runs (D/L), Match highlights Kareena Kapoor Khan's son Taimur Ali Khan is gifted with his mom's facial expressions. See these photos to believe Shah Rukh Khan's anger knew no bounds after Ramez Galal's Ramadan TV prank. Watch video MH CET results 2017 declared at dtemaharashtra.gov.in, check now Best of Express Bahrain, Saudi Arabia cut ties with Qatar over internal affairs, terrorism J-K: Four militants killed in an attack on CRPF camp in Bandipora At least 17 dead after bus collides with truck in Bareilly OpinionIt is delusional to celebrate the Aadhaar tidal wave, and criminal to turn a blind eye OpinionThe class of 2017: They must work to stanch the anger that has thrown up leaders like Trump Buzzing Now EntertainmentKareena's son Taimur Ali Khan is gifted with his mom's facial expressions. See these photos to believe EntertainmentShah Rukh Khan's anger knew no bounds after Ramez Galal's Ramadan TV prank. Watch video EntertainmentRanveer Singh is 'missing' Deepika Padukone. Is this finally an acknowledgement of their relationship? See photo TrendingIndia vs Pakistan: Twitterati in splits over Imad Wasim's new hairstyle TrendingIndia vs Pakistan: This camel predicts Pak will defeat India in ICC Champions Trophy match Top News Violence against BJP will make more lotuses bloom in Kerala: Amit Shah TechnologyApple WWDC 2017: Look for signs when Tim Cook takes the stage London terror attack: ISIS claims responsibility, 12 arrested Chhattisgarh tweaks 38-year rule for tribal sterilisation, but govt nod still required SportsIndia vs Pakistan: Mother of all mismatches SportsWATCH: Wild celebrations after India register big win  20 quotes from Arundhati Roy's The God of Small Things that will make you crave for her next book  GQ Best Dressed 2017 red carpet: Shraddha Kapoor, Sayani Gupta, Arjun Kapoor up the style quotient TechnologyApple WWDC 2017: Look for signs when Tim Cook takes the stage TechnologyApple WWDC 2017: Everything to be announced Jun 05: Latest News Maharashtra: Earthquake hits Koyna region Will Tubelight cross Baahuabli 2’s collection? Here’s what Salman Khan thinks KVM Ludhiana sexual assault case: School under scanner for concealing offence, says ACP; no arrest yet Three villages in Mulshi get first water pipeline Bahrain, Saudi cut ties with Qatar in a move to protect themselves from ‘terrorism’                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
_ Macworld Australia MAC iPad iPhone iSnap App Guide Gadget Guide mResell HOME NEWS FEATURES REVIEWS HELP/TIPS BLOGS Mac In Business Communications Productivity Security Workflow FORUM MAGAZINE Digital Subscription Current Issue Back Issues What’s happening with HomeKit? Anthony Caruana 29 May, 2017 View more articles fromthe author AAA 2 Comments News This editorial was first published in our weekly newsletter. Subscribe to get Mac and Apple news delivered to your inbox each week. Home automation has been one of those tech promises that has never quite been fulfilled. Apple championed the cause through its HomeKit platform, but there haven’t been too many companies that have jumped on the platform in a big way. I’ve been using some Belkin WeMo gear at my home, but it uses its own communications and control standards that don’t work with HomeKit. Although there is now available a new bridge device that allows WeMo devices to play with HomeKit. There are other HomeKit devices, but I really haven’t seen a lot of market or customer enthusiasm for home automation. Some vendors, such as Elgato and Philips, have embraced it and I recently reviewed the Schlage Sense door lock. Being able to remotely control devices is nifty, but I’m looking for the ability for devices to work together. For example, when I unlock the door, the lights come on automatically (but only when it’s dark) and the heater or air-conditioning are turned on when I’m on my way home, when the weather is too cold or hot. HomeKit’s promise is the ability, not to just control, but to integrate devices so they work together. I’m curious – are you interested in home automation? Is it something you’d like to know more about? Is it something you’re doing? Let me know in the comments below. Related Tags:  Share: 2 Comments Related Posts Random Posts Photoshop CS5 and CS5 Extended Cinemagram for iPhone New iPad plagued by connectivity issues MagicalPad – Outliner, Mind Mapping & Notes Hate the new Facebook? Change it 2 Comments 2 people were compelled to have their say. We encourage you to do the same.. CHAD Hyett says: June 2, 2017 at 8:12 am I’m actually seeing a lot of HomeKit devices popping up. Now, not nearly as much as Z wave, but the ones that are HomeKit certified are thoughtful, and secure. So the slowness in getting HomeKit devices to the market has good intent. John Wilkins says: June 3, 2017 at 3:05 pm I am designing an entertainment wing off my home.. it will include a 12000L aquarium, hot tub, VR area, TV etc. The amount of equipment is a bit scarey . The aquarium alone requires all sorts of pumps, heaters,chillers,lights, filters. The area will need humidity control and so on. Some of the high level aquarium equiment have their own remote control functionality via iPad/iPhone apps. But an integrated system would be a dream for me. Even an Auatralian compatible 240V wall plug would allow me to control multiple devices with Homekit.. but alas I can not find one on the market. If anyone knows of one or when one may be available in the future I would be grateful for the info. Leave a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Please keep your comments friendly on the topic. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Comment Advertise with us Related Posts Are Apple and Microsoft ‘Trading Places’? This editorial was first published in our weekly newsletter. Subscribe to get Mac and Apple news delivered to your inbox each week. Fans of movies from... Should Apple make a budget iPhone? At the start of last week, Nokia announced that they will be resurrecting one of their most popular phones ever – the 3310. (I know that what has... App Guide FotoJet Educe DoTalk Gadget Guide Cambridge Audio YOYO Speakers Advertise with us Advertise with us Mobile Phone Plans Prev Next Loading... Compare Mobile Phones & Plans Mobile phone plans & deals iPhone plans & deals Apple iPhone models Tablet plans & deals The New iPad plans & deals Guides and Articles Samsung Galaxy Mobile Phone Deals National Broadband Network NBN 12Mbps Plans Broadband Usage Guide Mobile Phone Plans Under $80 iPhone 5, iPhone 4S Deals - Compare Prices Deals powered by WhistleOut Advertise with us Advertise with us Subscribe to eNews Subscribe to RSS Receive our eNews Macworld AU Twitter Macworld AU Facebook Macworld AU Pinterest Macworld AU Fancy Macworld AU Youtube News Features Reviews Help Blogs Help FORUM MAC iPad iPhone Play App Guide Gadget Guide MACWORLD AU Australian Macworld Copyright © 2017 Niche Media Pty Ltd. ABN 13 064 613 529 Terms Disclaimer Privacy Contact Advertise Sitemap All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of Niche Media Pty Ltd is prohibited. Contact us
Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumour Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Contact Us The Bitbag Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumors Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Reviews Shop iPhone iPhone 8 Rumor Roundup: Display, Touch ID, Apple Neural Engine By Kiko Antonio https://twitter.com/kikoTBB on May 29, 2017 12:38 PM Every day, fans and consumers alike are getting nearer and nearer to getting their hands on the iPhone 8. Rumors are still abound the the tenth anniversary iPhone will be unveiled sometime in September amidst numerous delays. In the previous week, fans have seen quite a number of reinforcing reports about the alleged features of the phone. Starting off with the highly controversial Touch ID sensor. Touch ID to be embedded under OLED display Perhaps one of the most talked about feature of the iPhone 8 of late is the Touch ID sensor. There have been numerous reports in the past suggesting the said feature will be mounted on the rear of the device. There were even some leaked images and renders of the supposed backing for the iPhone 8. These images and renders show that the said sensor is to be installed at the back of the phone. On other notes, there are some articles online that beg to differ. For instance, a reports from Timothy Arcuri of Cowen & Company claims that the Touch ID sensor is indeed to be mounted behind the display. This report was corroborated by Digitimes late last week saying that Economic Daily News cited Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company as the source of the information. 3D render for iPhone 8 back housing (via weibo.com Until now, it is still uncertain where exactly the Touch ID sensor will be located. For sure, Apple tried a variation of configurations for the said sensor on the iPhone 8. Thereby exist multiple reports of the supposed sensor location. Nevertheless, it seems like more and more reports are starting to lean over the in-display mounted Touch ID sensor instead of the rear-mounted one. Apple iPhone 8 display aspect ratio Speaking about the iPhone 8’s display, many would know by now that Apple intends to use an OLED panel, a 2.5D type to be exact, on its next flagship phone. This is something that many iPhone users have been waiting for as most Android phones right now have the same display and they did not want to be left behind. Furthermore, OLED displays offer a few improvements to common LCD displays used on current and previous iPhones. For instance, OLED displays are better in color reproduction. Most images displayed on an OLED panel are more vibrant than an LCD. Another important feature of OLED displays is the inherent increase in power efficiency. This is due to the fact the OLED displays do not use LED backlighting to make the picture elements visible. Finally, on the subject of displays, it was also reported last week that Apple might opt for the same display aspect ratio on the iPhone 8 as with the Samsung Galaxy S8. Market reports claim that OLED manufacturers have ramped up 18:9 aspect ratio display panel production in anticipation for the increase in orders this year, majority of which will be coming from Apple. Alleged iPhone 8 display design (by KGI Securities) Artificial Intelligence with Apple Neural Engine Right now, most mobile devices offer some sort of virtual assistance that encompasses machine learning or artificial intelligence. There are currently a number of iterations of virtual mobile assistants in the market. In Apple’s case, it is Siri. For years now, the company has been trying to improve on the said virtual assistant app. Apple even included Siri on the latest version of macOS Sierra. Rumor has it that on iOS 11, Siri will become even more integrated with iOS devices and applications such as iMessage. Now, Bloomberg reports that Apple is considering developing its own artificial intelligence chip to aid the development of applications in the same area. The report claims that the said chip is currently called Apple Neural Engine. The Apple Neural Engine will be integrated to future devices, not only iOS. It will be used mainly on tasks that require human intelligence. These tasks include facial recognition and speech recognition to name a few. Unfortunately, while this may sound truly exciting, it is still uncertain if the said chip will be featured on the iPhone 8. The Neural Engine is still in its early stages of development. There are chances that it might not make it in time with the phone’s release. Nevertheless, Apple, for the time being, might rely on its in-house A11 chip. This will be enough for much of the augmented reality and artificial intelligence that the iPhone 8 will have. Alleged iPhone 8 mockup (by Benjamin Geskin) It looks like the specs for the iPhone 8 is slowly getting finalized as the days go by. For now, perhaps it is safe to say that anyone expecting an in-display Touch ID sensor will not be disappointed when the phone gets released. The same goes with the rumored OLED display of the phone. Most of the rumors regarding this matter has always been about OLED and they have been pretty consistent all the way. The only question right now is when is the phone getting release. There are many school of thoughts about this issue. Reports left, right and center suggest that Apple is having issues with the production major components for the iPhone 8. Chief of which is the Touch ID and OLED display assembly. Many are still hoping that Apple will unveil the much awaited iPhone later this year. This is mainly because some fans are actually curious as to how the phone would look like in physical form. Furthermore, some analysts believe that if Apple fails to release the iPhone 8 later this year, it would mean a great loss for the company in terms of sales. This is due to the fact that its rival, Samsung, is expected to released another flagship later this year. For more updates on the iPhone 8, be sure to check us out at TheBitbag. Also read: Xbox Gold, PS Plus Free Games For June 2017 Announcement Gets Hot: All The Games We Might See iPhone 8 Rumor Roundup: Display, Touch ID, Apple Neural Engine May 29th, 2017Kiko Antonio Share Tweet Share Share Email Related Items:featured, iPhone 8 specs, News, Rumors Share Tweet Share Share Email Recommended for you Andy Rubin’s Essential Phone Already Accused of Trademark Infringement LG G7 Could be the First Android Phone to Have Snapdragon 845 SoC Intel Core i9 X Series Lineup Leaked; Features 18-core to Combat AMD’s Threadripper Product SteelSeries QcK Gaming Mouse Pad No Stick Shooter (App) ASTRO A50 Wireless Headset + Base Station Overwatch Razer Blade Stealth Vtin Over-The-Head Bluetooth Wireless Headset For Drivers About the author Kiko Antonio A self-professed tech junkie who writes tech-related stories for TheBitBag. Loves traveling, reading, and making stuff. Full-time practicing Electronics Engineer. Featured Andy Rubin’s Essential Phone Already Accused of Trademark Infringement iPhone 8 Rumor Roundup: Wireless Modem, Size, and Vertical Dual Cameras OnePlus 5 Price Leaked Ahead of June 15 Launch Andy Rubin’s Essential Phone Already Accused of Trademark Infringement Every Bit Of News In One Dynamic Site: The Bitbag is your one-stop source of news, reviews, features, how-tos, and most relevant information on today?s hottest and most trending topics in the world of Tech, Social Media, Entertainment, and Lifestyle. So if you have anything you want discussed, or you?ve got a few hot tips to share, get in touch with us at contact@thebitbag.com. LATEST NEWS Pokemon GO Ice And Fire Event Details Leaked, Unique Bonuses Detailed [Rumor] Niantic isn’t slowing down when it comes to surprises for Pokemon GO players as it looks... Civilization 6 DLC: Next Expansion Scheduled For July Civilization 6 Mac and Linux porter Aspyr Media has confirmed that a new update... Red Dead Redemption 2 Publisher On Microtransactions: ‘We Can’t Give Stuff Away For Free’ One of the most anticipated upcoming titles has to be Rockstar’s sequel to the... Far Cry 5 Won’t Be Controversial At Launch Ubisoft’s Far Cry 5 has definitely hit a sore spot on its audience as... Overwatch Horizon Space Colony Assault Map Easter Eggs: New Territories, Telescope Voice Lines, And More The new Horizon Space Colony map has just arrived on the Overwatch test servers... POPULAR TAGS featured Pokemon Go Apple Xbox 360 PS3 Microsoft android Xbox One mobile gaming Sony Nintendo Samsung iPhone google Pokemon ps4 Ubisoft Playstation 3 The Division no man's sky facebook iOS PC pokemon sun and moon EA Editors Pick playstation 4 fallout 4 Pokemon Go Update Overwatch Capcom Marvel Stephen Heller NBA 2k17 Blizzard iPhone 7 iPad Game of Thrones games PlayStation About Us Privacy Policy Contact Us Meet The Team Copyright © 2017 - Tune Media. All right reserved. To Top
NEWS National Sports Lifestyle & Entertainment Business International Editor's Picks Snippets Lahore Karachi Islamabad OPINION Editorials Columns Mailbox Multimedia News In Pictures Cartoons Print Edition Today's Paper E-PAPER Blogs Read All Blogs Write For Us Nawaiwaqt Group Nawaiwaqt Newspaper Waqt News TV Family Magazine Phool Magazine Nidaimillat Magazine Sunday Magazine Weekend Young Nation Articles eMag October Reign Monday | June 05, 2017 NEWS National Sports Lifestyle & Entertainment Business International Editor's Picks Snippets Lahore Karachi Islamabad OPINION Editorials Columns Mailbox Multimedia News In Pictures Cartoons Videos Editor's Picks Featured Newspaper Picks Print Edition Today's Paper E-Paper Blogs Read All Blogs Write For Us Connect with us   Facebook Twitter Google Plus RSS Youtube     Follow @the_nation   Latest Jun 05, 08:40 am Bahrain, Egypt, UAE cuts ties with Qatar Jun 05, 03:04 am India thrash sloppy Pakistan by 124 runs Jun 05, 03:02 am Two-goal Ronaldo keeps Madrid kings of Europe Jun 05, 03:01 am Zidane joy as Madrid reign supreme Jun 05, 03:01 am Nadal motors into quarters, champion Muguruza exits Jun 05, 03:00 am Rain disrupts second match of T20 series Jun 05, 02:59 am London attacks: Champions Trophy to continue under tight security Jun 05, 02:58 am Australia have no room for error against B’desh   Newsbrief SHARE : Tweet Tens of thousands rally in Madrid for 'job dignity' MADRID (AFP): Tens of thousands of people rallied in Madrid on Saturday for a "march of dignity" to demand better wages and job security as Spain's economy improves. Demonstrators from all over the country marched down Madrid's main avenue, the Gran Via, behind a banner reading "bread, work, homes and equality." Dozens of trade unions and leftwing groups joined the protest. Organisers put the turnout at 200,000, while the local prefecture put it at only 6,000. An estimate by AFP journalists put it in the tens of thousands. Labour reforms adopted in 2012 by the conservative government of Mariano Rajoy have helped to spur growth and bring unemployment down from 27 percent at the start of 2013 to 18.7 percent in the first quarter of this year. But critics say the downside is that many jobs are precarious, with no guarantee of working hours, and are often poorly paid. The minimum wage in Spain is 825 euros ($922) per month. Apple opens first official store in SE Asia SINGAPORE (AFP): Apple opened its first Southeast Asia store in Singapore on Saturday, drawing hundreds of excited fans to the swanky two-storey site in the city's upmarket shopping district. Located on the affluent Orchard Road, the new shop -- easily distinguished by its iconic glass facade -- is expected to be one of the most popular Apple stores in the world according to the US tech giant. Merchandise such as the iPhone and MacBook were strategically placed on display across the spacious first floor, while the upper level acted as a classroom for customers to participate in hands-on sessions. Hundreds of shoppers camped out in anticipation of the launch, while more than a thousand thronged the store soon after the doors opened, an AFP reporter observed. First in the queue was Xiang Jiaxin, a twenty-five-year-old Chinese national working in Macau who had queued for more than 12 hours overnight and planned a holiday to Singapore specially to coincide with the opening. "I am very happy and excited to be part of this. I have participated in the official store openings in Macau, Guangzhou and Nanjing," he told AFP. Apple, which has a staggering $256.8 billion cash stockpile, celebrated its 40th anniversary last year. The Silicon Valley legend sprang out of Steve Jobs' garage to reshape modern life with trend-setting gadgets. Most of its earnings come from the iPhone, which faces increasingly tough competition in a saturated market. The tech behemoth has almost 500 stores globally with more than a million visitors daily. Aside from Singapore, its Asia shops are located in Hong Kong, China and Japan. A regional transport, business and financial hub, Singapore attracted 16.4 million visitors last year. WCCI Sialkot being set up SIALKOT (APP): Necessary arrangement are being finalized for setting up Women Chamber of Commerce and Industry Sialkot (WCCI-S), said chairperson Departmental Committee on Women Entrepreneurs of SCCI Dr. Maryam Noman. Talking to APP on Sunday, she said that Women Chamber will be operational soon in this export oriented city and hub of cottage industry of the country and this step was being taken to facilitate the business women. At present a large number of business women were registered with SCCI and doing their business successfully she said. Dr.Maryam said main objective of setting up Women Chamber was to empower women folk and to promote women entrepreneurship of Sialkot and its adjoining areas. She said that the dream of national development could not be materialized without the involvement women in the national development process. The chairperson further stated that Pakistani women had the capability and courage to bring revolutionary changes in every sphere of life and cope with global challenges more effectively. The Women Chamber will play its instrumental role in promoting women entrepreneurship enabling them to play their due role in boosting up export volume and Women Chamber will extend necessary support and guidance to females in setting up their independent business and concentrate on capacity building she added. China's coal-rich province suspends mine construction TAIYUAN (APP/Xinhua): Authorities in northern China's Shanxi province have vowed to suspend or hold back the construction of coal mines with a capacity of 120 million tonnes from 2016 to 2020. Besides cutting its coal production capacity by over 100 million tonnes, the province will also suspend the construction of more coal mines over the period to further reduce coal production capacity, according to a recent coal industry development plan published by the local government. As of the end of 2015, Shanxi had or was constructing 1,078 coal mines with a total production capacity of 1.46 billion tonnes per year. Among the coal mines, 541 have a production capacity of 880 million tonnes per year and 537 are under construction. By the end of March 2016, the number of mines in operation rose to 562 with a capacity of 910 million tonnes per year. At the same time, the province will also reduce the number of coal mines by restructuring the companies. With a quarter of China's known coal reserves, Shanxi aims to limit the number of its mines to 900 by 2020, with an average capacity of 1.8 million tonnes annually, according to earlier reports. Earlier this month, the province said it will close down 18 collieries and cut 17 million tonnes of coal production capacity this year. Tweet RELATED NEWS August 18, 2013 Newsbrief August 17, 2013 Newsbrief August 07, 2013 Newsbrief August 04, 2013 newsbrief MORE IN BUSINESS June 05, 2017 Country producing 3.5MT coal, importing 5MT annually June 05, 2017 SBP ‘cheating masses’ to please govt: PEW June 05, 2017 Solar tubewell financing scheme on the cards June 05, 2017 NTDC fails to meet target of 779km transmission lines Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus TODAY'S POPULAR Most Viewed | Most Commented Mashal Khan’s murder was pre-planned: JIT report Champions Trophy: India defeat Pakistan in one-sided ... ISPR releases video showing destruction of Indian posts’ ... Third child suffocated inside locked car dies PM believes in rule of law, supremacy of constitution: ... Mashal Khan’s murder was pre-planned: JIT report Murder ideology needs to be fought: Bakhtawar Bhutto LATEST COMMENTS Eddied and once again this traitor defends the Taliban terrorists?...a total idiot who calls these murderers, who specifically target innocent civilians, women and children, "brave fighters"...he is definite... Eddied LOL...and this useless comment comes from a person who only writes lies... even during Ramadan...he is a professional Munafiq...LOL Eddied eddied loves peaceful intelligent Muslims...but he hates uneducated radical twisted Muslims who would use violence in the name of religion?...most people know the difference... but this ignorant suppo... More On Page 8 ADVERTISEMENT LATEST COMMENTS Eddied and once again this traitor defends the Taliban terrorists?...a total idiot who calls these murderers, who specifically target innocent civilians, women and children, "brave fighters"...he is definite... Eddied LOL...and this useless comment comes from a person who only writes lies... even during Ramadan...he is a professional Munafiq...LOL Eddied eddied loves peaceful intelligent Muslims...but he hates uneducated radical twisted Muslims who would use violence in the name of religion?...most people know the difference... but this ignorant suppo... OUR CONTACT DETAILS NIPCO House, 4 Shaarey Fatima Jinnah, LAHORE (Pakistan) Tel : 092-42-6367580 Fax : 092-42-6367005 About Us Advertise Contact Us Terms & Conditions © COPYRIGHT 2017, NAWAIWAQT GROUP OF NEWSPAPERS Powered by :
Share 14 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-06-04 Wiz Khalifa’s Ex Amber Rose Dodges Million Dollar Lawsuit Entertainment 2017-06-02 Kandi Burruss Almost Left ‘Real Housewives Of Atlanta’ Because Of Phaedra Parks And Porsha Williams Entertainment 2017-06-02 Marilyn Monroe’s Home Sells Over Asking Price, But Is It Haunted By Her Ghost? Some Say Yes Entertainment 2017-06-02 Ariana Grande Manchester Concert: 10,000 People Fraudulently Attempt To Claim Free Tickets News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2017-06-04 Duke University Student, Michael Doherty, Found In Woods Died From Hypothermia, Police Say News 2017-06-04 Muslim Protest In London Against Radical Islam Staged By ‘CNN’? [Breaking] News 2017-06-04 Whole Foods Lawsuit: Woman Sues For ‘Excessively Hot Tea’ While Other Customers Complain About Price News 2017-06-04 Neighbor Fatally Shoots Man Attempting To Drown 3-Month-Old Twins In Bathtub Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Football 2017-06-04 Kevin White Must Step Up For The Chicago Bears [Opinion] Baseball 2017-06-04 MLB Trade Rumors: Miami Marlins Willing To Deal Star Players Including Christian Yelich And Giancarlo Stanton? [Opinion] Baseball 2017-06-04 Thames, Davies Lead Brewers Past Dodgers, 3-0 Baseball 2017-06-04 Seattle Mariners Sweep Tampa Bay Rays, Move Up In Wild Card Race And American League West Standings Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-06-04 ‘Alien’ Yoga: The Newest Fitness Rage That Contorts Your Midsection In Otherworldly Way Lifestyle 2017-06-04 Seven Helpful Things To Do By Yourself Before Getting Married [Opinion] Beauty, Lifestyle 2017-06-04 Breaking The Internet & Stereotypes, Sudanese Model Nyakim Gatwech Is A Slap On Our Skin-Color Obsessed World Lifestyle 2017-06-03 June Is Adopt A Rescue Cat Month — Here’s What You Need To Know Before Bringing A Shelter Cat Home Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-06-03 June Is Alzheimer’s And Brain Awareness Month — Why People Are Displaying Purple And How You Can Show Support Health 2017-06-03 Ambrosia Offers Fountain Of Youth To Older Adults, New Treatment Can Potentially Reverse Aging Health 2017-06-03 Bradley Lowery’s Mother Reveals In Heartbreaking Facebook Post That The Five-Year-Old Has ‘Only Weeks To Live’ Health 2017-06-02 Flesh-Eating Bacteria Kills Man Who Took Swim After Getting New Tattoo Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2017-06-04 ‘Kingdom Hearts’ Orchestra World Tour Features Exclusive New Story Scenes, Concert Comes To U.S. This Summer Gaming 2017-06-04 ‘The Sims 4’ Pets DLC Rumor: New Leak Hints Horses Scrapped, November Release Date Gaming 2017-06-04 Why ‘Secret World Legends’ Is Free-To-Play And How The New Economy Works Gaming 2017-06-04 E3 2017 Rumors: All The Signs ‘Starfield’ and ‘Skyrim’ VR Is Happening At The Bethesda Panel BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-06-04 Unfazed By Approaching Tornado, Canadian Man Trims Lawn BuzzWorthy 2017-06-04 Gyrating Drag Queen At Grade School Show Shocks And Peeves Off Parents — Video [Opinion] BuzzWorthy 2017-06-04 Melania Trump On June 4: Melania In $2,595 Silk Gown At Ford’s Theatre For Gala Amid Affair Rumors [Photos] BuzzWorthy 2017-06-04 Oregon Father’s ‘No Shame’ Toddler Leash Picture Goes Viral SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss The MacBook Pro 2017 With Kaby Lake And 32GB RAM Might Make An Appearance On WWDC 2017 Gadgets 14 0 0 May 28, 2017 The MacBook Pro 2017 With Kaby Lake And 32GB RAM Might Make An Appearance On WWDC 2017 Simon Alvarez There is no denying that the MacBook Pro is a beautiful piece of hardware. Sleek and slim, the 2016 machine packs a lot of power in its portable frame. There is just one problem, however. For power users, the 2016 MBP simply does not have enough horsepower to justify its “Pro” moniker and its premium price. If a noted Apple analyst is to be believed, however, the MacBook Pro 2017 might very well address all of the 2016 model’s issues sooner than expected. According to a MacWorld report, KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo, who has a pretty solid track record with regards to his predictions about the tech giant, has stated that the entire Mac lineup would see an update this year. This includes the MacBook Pro, which would be given a processor boost and an upgrade on memory. While a processor and memory boost might appear to be marginal upgrades to the popular professional-grade laptop, these improvements would actually go a long way in establishing the MacBook Pro 2017 as a serious productivity machine capable of handling the most arduous tasks that users could throw at it. Currently, the Skylake chip-8GB RAM configuration of the device is good enough for basic productivity tasks, but when users attempt some serious video or image creation, the 2016 MBP struggles. My weapon blacked out. A post shared by Julian O'hayon (@anckor) on May 27, 2017 at 10:14am PDT The MacBook Pro is currently Apple’s most powerful laptop, but it could be so much better. According to persistent rumors about the upcoming device, the professional-grade laptop would be released with Intel’s Kaby Lake chips this coming June during Apple’s WWDC 2017 event. The Kaby Lake chips would not be all that the laptops would be equipped with, however, as the MacBook Pro 2017 is expected to be fitted with 16GB of RAM as well, which is double the amount that was featured in the 2016 models. Kuo even stated that a higher-end MacBook Pro, possibly a 15-inch model, would launch with 32GB of RAM late this year, which would all but make Apple’s professional-grade laptops worthy of their moniker. If any, the signs that Apple is preparing for an update in its lineup have begun appearing. Over the past few months, numerous Apple products, from the iPad Pro to the MacBook Pro 2016, have started going on sale, as noted by AppleInsider. If the Cupertino-based tech giant’s reputation is any indication, sales and promotions on outgoing models usually indicate that newer products would replace them soon. Ultimately, the 2016 MacBook Pro was a gamble that did not pay off as much as Apple expected. While the sleek machines boasted numerous advancements and new features that were not found in their predecessors, they were unfortunately held back by the design choices that the Cupertino-based tech giant rolled out for the computers. Among these is the retirement of legacy ports in favor of USB-C, which resulted in users scrambling to acquire dongles to get basic tasks done, as well as the removal of popular features such as the MagSafe power connector. Kick off your morning off on the right foot. #chillmorning #classicalmusic #coffee #macbookpro #latte #bestpartofwakingup A post shared by Kevin Yeager (@the_simple_cyclist) on May 28, 2017 at 5:13pm PDT Even the Touch Bar, arguably the MacBook Pro 2017’s most iconic feature, has been met with mixed reviews from users as of date. While the feature is undoubtedly novel, and while it does provide a new way for users to interact with their laptops, many have stated that the Touch Bar is not that useful in real-world applications at all. If any, the advantages of the Touch Bar are far outweighed by the compromises that Apple took when designing the 2016 MacBook Pro. The 2017 MacBook Pro would largely be the same device that was released last year. It would still have the same upgrade restrictions, the same lack of legacy ports and its Touch Bar would still be not as useful. Nevertheless, the added power that he Kaby Lake processors would give, and the ease of use that a RAM upgrade would provide, would surely be appreciated by consumers and avid Apple fans alike. Ultimately, such a push in specs would make the MacBook Pro 2017 worthy of its name. [Featured Image by guteksk7/Shutterstock] Share 14 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Contributor Simon Alvarez Tags: Apple, MacBook Pro 2017, MBP 2017 January 8, 2017 Death Penalty Looms For Fort Lauderdale Shooter, Which Has A Problematic Past [Opinion] January 8, 2017 UFC’s Ronda Rousey Is A Shining Example Of Sexism Comments LATEST HEADLINES Brandy Released From Hospital After Falling Unconscious On Delta Flight Samsung Galaxy Note 8’s Key Feature To Appear First On The Galaxy C10? Is ‘The Bachelor’ Ben Higgins’ New Podcast A Big Flop? Harry Styles Was Asked To Be The Face Of A Female Urination Device ‘Alien’ Yoga: The Newest Fitness Rage That Contorts Your Midsection In Otherworldly Way Ontario To Raise Minimum Wage To $15 – But Is It Enough? [Opinion] Forget The Male Romper, Lace Shorts For Men Are Now A Trend Kim Weaver: Iowa Democrat Drops Out Of Race To Unseat Steve King After Receiving Death Threats Duke University Student, Michael Doherty, Found In Woods Died From Hypothermia, Police Say Unfazed By Approaching Tornado, Canadian Man Trims Lawn Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Trending Stories George Clooney Skips Humanitarian Award Ceremony To Be With Amal During The Childbirth 16.6k 0 0 Trump’s 11-Year-Old Son Thought Beheaded Image Was Real 17.1k 0 0 James Comey Testimony Could Be Blocked By White House, Raising Talk Of Impeachment 10.2k 0 0 Leah Remini And Kevin James Back Together: ‘King Of Queens’ Carrie Joins ‘Kevin Can Wait’ As Series Regular 8.3k 0 0 House Ethics Complaints Filed Against Paul Ryan And Devin Nunes For Obstruction Of Justice 4.8k 0 0 Kathy Griffin Breaks Down At Press Conference Over Photo: ‘Donald Trump Ruined My Life, But I Won’t Stop’ 8.4k 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr.
SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In SUBSCRIBE NOW Get unlimited access to Globe.com today Menu SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In Business SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In Metro Sports Business & Tech Opinion Politics Lifestyle Arts Cars Real Estate Most popular on bostonglobe.com Based on what you've read recently, you might be interested in theses stories Baby boomers are downsizing — and the kids won’t take the family heirlooms New study says American families are overwhelmed by clutter, rarely eat together, and are generally stressed out about it all CNN’s Reza Aslan apologizes for using profanity to describe Trump In well-mannered public radio, an airwaves war Today's Paper Magazine Obituaries Weather Comics Crossword The Big Picture Digital Access 99 cents a week for the first 4 weeks Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Save 50% off the regular rate Subscribe Subscribe Already a subscriber? Members Sign In Digital Access 99 cents a week for the first 4 weeks Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Save 50% off the regular rate Subscribe Subscribe Already a subscriber? Members Sign In STAT Software turns phones into medical research tools E-Mail Share via e-mail To Add a message Your e-mail Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Comments Print The Boston Globe Tweet Share ResearchKit software lets people create health care applications on phones. By Kate Sheridan STAT  May 28, 2017 In March 2015, Apple promised to change the way medical research could be done. It launched ResearchKit, which could turn millions of iPhones around the world into a “powerful tool for medical research,” the company said at the time. ResearchKit is software that gives would-be app developers a library of coding to create health apps on the iPhone and Apple Watch. And it has spawned a number of studies: One team created an app to track symptoms of Parkinson’s disease; another a screening protocol for autism, while a third tracks changes in the moles people have on their skin. Advertisement Many of these apps have been downloaded tens of thousands of times. “Virtually overnight, the research studies that we launched became some of the largest in history,” Jeff Williams, then Apple’s senior vice president of operations, said at an Apple event in March 2016. But much of that early research wasn’t clinical in nature; rather it simply studied the feasibility of using mobile apps to collect health data. Get Talking Points in your inbox: An afternoon recap of the day’s most important business news, delivered weekdays. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here Now, however, ResearchKit seems to be on the verge of becoming medically useful. In recent months scientists have published new data on seizures, asthma attacks, and heart disease using the platform. And scientists are already looking ahead to the next milestone: hacking our ubiquitous mobile devices to become potentially lifesaving medical monitors. For epilepsy patients and their doctors, precise answers to standard questions can be hard to get. How many seizures happened in the last month? How many doses of epilepsy medication were skipped? Some patients go by memory, others keep journals or charts. But participants in a recent Johns Hopkins study were the first to use a ResearchKit app to track their seizures, with the data going to Dr. Gregory Krauss and his colleagues. Advertisement For the past two years, Krauss has collected data from participants before, after — and even during — seizures. If the users think they’re about to have a seizure, they can open the app on their watch and begin tests that measure their memory along with their state of awareness. If they stop responding to the test, they’re presumed to have lost awareness until they start responding again. That data is coupled with heart rate and accelerometer data. The team’s results were the first to use surveys taken immediately after seizures to document epilepsy triggers — a feat impossible with previous research methods. Sleepless nights, missed medication doses, and stress were all found to contribute to the likelihood of seizure, according to data presented at the annual meeting of the American Academy of Neurology on April 27. Researchers plan to submit the data for peer-reviewed publication and join just a handful of other ResearchKit teams who have published. And Krauss and his team are working to create a seizure detector to warn participants before the terrifying — and potentially dangerous — event sets in. The EpiWatch app, running in the background on a smartwatch, would use physiological data to detect a seizure and alert its wearer. Meanwhile, other studies using the ResearchKit software are making their way through publication and adding to the scientific literature. The MyHeart Counts app, for instance, studies the impact of physical activity on heart health, and preliminary results were published in JAMA Cardiology in January. More than 20,000 people sent data about their movements to researchers, and about 4,900 people completed a six-minute walk test, an oft-used measure for fitness. The data showed that nearly two-thirds of participants were stationary for half of their day, and those among the least active had higher rates of cardiovascular-related illnesses. Another team at the Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai in New York City published data from its asthma app in March in Nature Biotechnology. Their findings confirmed that more asthma attacks happen in the summer than in spring, and that air quality affects symptoms. The size and speed of data collection in these studies are pretty unbeatable. “I think it would be very hard to do the research without ResearchKit,” said Krauss, the epilepsy researcher. “We’re able to study people in a large range of ages and a large number of different types of seizures across the entire US quickly.” So far, his team has analyzed data from nearly 1,000 participants. One segment of the Mount Sinai study included more than 2,000 people — about as many adults with asthma as the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reached during its 2015 National Health Interview Survey. Moreover, the Mount Sinai study could gather data from the same individual over several days, said professor Pei Wang; each person took the CDC survey only once. Despite those advantages, ResearchKit faces two major hurdles. First, because participants register from their personal devices, they have to have been able to afford an Apple product such as a smartphone or a smartwatch. So many low-income individuals would be less likely to participate in these research studies. Secondly, research done on ResearchKit may suffer from a broader diversity problem. The researchers STAT spoke to said they were satisfied with their sample populations but noted that some “techie” cities and regions, such as San Francisco, had particularly high numbers of participants. Though the asthma study had about the same geographic distribution as the those in the CDC survey, its cohort was younger, wealthier, more educated, and more male. Participants were also less ethnically diverse. Only 5 percent were black, while about 14 percent of all adults with asthma are black, according to the CDC. This sampling problem has a few possible solutions. Mobile device prices might get cheaper; groups could donate more devices for research participants; or, developers could just make the apps work on more types of devices, such as Android phones. Expanding to Android might do more than just widen the pool of people able to participate in studies — it could also expand the types of data researchers could collect. “The Android operating system allows researchers to easily get access to information about how people are using their phones,” said Lara Mangravite, president of Sage Bionetworks — including, if the user consents, call logs, and Internet-use data. The latter could be harnessed in surprising ways. For instance, Mangravite said, since people read on their smartphones in the bathroom, combining Internet-use data along with GPS information might help an algorithm predict when someone is having a flare of irritable bowel syndrome. Kate Sheridan can be reached at kate.sheridan@statnews-.com. Follow Kate on Twitter @sheridan_kate. Loading comments... Top 10 Trending Articles Most Viewed Most Commented Most Shared Real journalists. Real journalism. Subscribe to The Boston Globe today. My Account Log in Manage my Account Mobile Customer Service Sign Up For Newsletters Contact Help FAQs Globe newsroom Advertise Social Facebook Twitter Google+ More ePaper News in Education Archives Privacy policy Terms of service Terms of purchase Work at Boston Globe Media © 2017 Boston Globe Media Partners, LLC One free article left. Subscribe now → You have one free article left. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now → Last free article. Subscribe now → This is your last free article. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now → We hope you've enjoyed your free articles. Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just 99¢. Subscribe Now Already a member? Log in Home Wake up with today’s top stories Get Today’s Headlines every morning and breaking news as it unfolds. Connect with Facebook or Sign up & return to story Please enter a valid email Subscriber Log in | Privacy Policy Close Thanks for signing up Browse our full list of free Globe newsletters Return to your story Close Subscriber Log In We hope you've enjoyed your 5 free articles' Continue reading by subscribing to BostonGlobe.com for just 99¢. Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just $.99¢ Stay informed with unlimited access to Boston’s trusted news source. High-quality journalism from the region’s largest newsroom Convenient access across all of your devices Today’s Headlines daily newsletter Subscriber-only access to exclusive offers, events, contests, eBooks, and more Less than 25¢ a week GET FULL ACCESS NOW GET FULL ACCESS NOW
Technology & Business Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Business Insider Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR ShopStyle Who What Wear Byrdie MyDomaine Kin Community | Log in / Sign up Entertainment Sunday Comics: Completely Avoidable Reminder: The Live-Action Movie Isn't The Only Awesome Wonder Woman Film How To Take Down A Thunderjaw In Horizon: Zero Dawn The Tragic Moment Deadpool Crossed A Line From Uncanny Avenger To Hydra Agent Esports Lung Collapses Are A Surprisingly Common Esports Injury Rare One-On-One Skullgirls Finals Shows Why Its Loyal Fans Love The Game Watch The First-Ever Hearthstone Series Between Australia And New Zealand 'League Of Origin': LoL Champs From Australia & NZ Duke It Out This Weekend Xbox Gears Of War 4 Adds Ranked PC And Xbox Cross-Play This Week The FIFA Goal That Just Wouldn't Go In Xbox Game Pass Is An Incredible Idea That Falls Flat (For Now) EA Announces Need For Speed Payback PlayStation Community Review: Tekken 7 Tekken 7's PlayStation VR Mode Is Queasy And Unnecessary Warner Bros. Has Delayed Middle-earth: Shadow Of War Two Months One Year Later, Did Sony Keep Their E3 2016 Promises? Nintendo Breath Of The Wild's Weird Moments Are Some Of The Game's Finest There's A Nintendo Switch In There Splatoon 2 Voice Chat Set-Up Looks Totally Bonkers The Weirdness Of Fire Emblem Heroes' Bride Class PC Ghost Recon: Wildlands' Final Story DLC Is Brutal And Fun Witcher 3 Mod Adds Customisable First-Person Mode Tokyo 42 Is The Cutest Game About Assassination A Game With One Door And Hundreds Of Keys Mobile Hearthstone Player Goes From Zero To Legend Without Spending A Cent FRAMED 2 Is Out Very, Very Soon You Can Play Cricket On The Front Page Of Google Meet The Essential Phone, The Latest Phone From The Creator Of Android In Real Life Target Is Selling Horizon: Zero Dawn And Ghost Recon Wildlands For $39 The Influence And Legacy Of Lego Island Deals: Learn How To Program For Over 90% Off Settlers Of Catan, Meet Satan Retro ScribbleTaku The Super Nintendo's Most Valuable Games Remembering That Time Apple Made A Proper Console ScribbleTaku Toggle navigation Entertainment Esports Xbox PlayStation Nintendo PC Mobile In Real Life Retro Reminder: The Live-Action Movie Isn't The Only Awesome Wonder Woman Film The Influence And Legacy Of Lego Island Deals: Learn How To Program For Over 90% Off Breath Of The Wild's Weird Moments Are Some Of The Game's Finest How To Switch To Android From iOS David Nield May 29, 2017, 10:00am ⋅ Filed to:  android apple google ios mobiles Share Having guided you through the not-all-that-straightforward process of switching from Android to iOS, we're back to tell you how to go in the opposite direction. (Make your mind up will you?) Going from Apple-powered devices to Google's platform is either ridiculously easy or rather taxing, depending on your current setup. Image: Alex Cranz/Gizmodo Do you Google? Good news if you're already heavily invested in the Google ecosystem on your iPhone. You can switch to Android in an hour or two and keep your evening free for seeing friends or browsing Netflix. Otherwise, better cancel those evening plans. Those of you who spend all your time in Gmail, Google Calendar and Google Maps for iOS can simply install those apps on your brand new Android device, sign in using your Google account credentials, and pick up where you left off. The same applies for Google Photos and Google Drive. Google Drive can handle contacts and calendars for you. Image: Google Unlike Apple, Google doesn't have a dedicated app to help you defect to its mobile OS, but it does have a website with a lot of the information you're going to need: essentially you're instructed to use Google Drive to copy over contacts, photos, videos and calendar entries, which we'll cover in more detail below. If you're thinking about switching from iOS to Android in the future, or like to swap mobile OSes on a regular basis, then Google's cloud-centric services make the task much easier — so your best off keeping all your data there. By contrast, the only official Apple app you can get on Android at the moment is Apple Music. Messages and emails Extricating yourself from iMessage is perhaps the biggest challenge facing those jumping ship to Android. iMessage doesn't work on Google's platform, and there's no way to export all your message history into a comparable Android app. You're going to have to say goodbye to iMessage, but you can at least ensure a clean break. As soon as you know you're making the move go into your iOS and navigate to Messages in Settings and turn iMessage off, then go to FaceTime in Settings and turn that off too. Apple's full instructions are here. If you have some precious iMessages or plain old SMSes you can't leave behind, you'll need to rely on third-party software and some rather convoluted processes to back it all up. iSMS2droid promises to import messages from an unencrypted backup you made in iTunes on your computer into Android. If you don't need the backup on your phone, then PhoneView (macOS) and CopyTrans (Windows) are two of many tools that will let you browse your old missives to your heart's content. It's goodbye to iMessage. Image: Screenshot As for emails, Apple's system supports IMAP, so you can carry on checking your iCloud emails through Gmail on Android if you're not having a fresh start and giving up your old email address completely. Tap the drop-down arrow on the Gmail app menu, choose Add account, and follow the configuration instructions provided by Apple. It's the same process if you're using any other kind of email app on your new Android device, like Outlook from Microsoft. The only requirement is that it supports the popular IMAP protocol. You have a couple of other options if putting your iCloud account directly into Gmail doesn't appeal. You can have all your Apple iCloud emails automatically forwarded to your new Gmail address, by going into iCloud Mail on the web and setting up forwarding — you can even delete the originals after they're passed on. Alternatively, you can export all your old emails using Mail on a Mac just in case you ever need them again, then close down your Apple account. Contacts and calendars As long as you just want to make a one-way, one-time switch from iOS to Android, then Google Drive for iOS makes the process of moving contacts and calendars over simple enough. Once you've got the app installed on your iOS device, open the menu then tap Settings and Backup. Choose the data you want to transfer across to the equivalent Google accounts, tap Start Backup and you're on your way — everything from iOS and iCloud gets picked up. Make sure you're on wi-fi, and the iPhone is plugged in during the switchover. Also note, that any previous backups you've done will be overwritten. macOS can help make switching calendars easier. Image: Screenshot If you want a two-way sync, which you might if you're using your Android phone with an Apple laptop, then it's a lot more complicated. The best option, really, is to switch to using Google contacts and calendars as much as you can, and then adding your Google account to the relevant apps in macOS (Add Account from the main app menu in both cases). Even then you need to make sure you're always adding events to the Google calendars (or contacts) and not the iCloud ones for them to show up on your phone. If you absolutely must keep both Google and iCloud services running concurrently, and syncing with each other, then you'll need to put your trust in a third-party app for macOS or Android. Photos and videos Since Google Photos came into the world it's actually pretty easy to get all your personal photos and videos moved over to Android, via Google's servers, as long as they're all still on your iPhone: Install Google Photos for iOS, opt to back everything up, and away you go. You can either pay Google for storage and keep everything at full resolution, or accept some resizing (images max out at 16 MP, videos at 1080p), and store as many photos and videos as you like on the web, free of charge. The process is even more straightforward if you use the Google Drive app as we described in the section above, and Google Photos even supports Live Photos these days, using those extra few frames of animation to create a GIF for you. The only negative is that the albums you've created in iOS don't get copied over (everything appears as one long list of pictures), so you need to create them again. Google Photos can transfer images and videos. (Image: Google) All that is easy enough but if you've got photos in iCloud you've moved off your iPhone then you might have a problem or two on your hands. As we explained in our full guide to the topic of switching between Apple Photos and Google Photos, just about the only option open to you is downloading them all from iCloud to a macOS or Windows machine then uploading them again using a Google Photos client. It's a little convoluted but it's manageable, and it's a lot easier than using the export options in iCloud on the web, which are practically non-existent. If you don't have a computer to act as the middleman between iCloud Photo Library and Google Photos then you're stuck — you'll have to borrow a laptop from someone. Music and movies As we now have Apple Music on Android, getting your iTunes music on your Android device is no longer the exercise in frustration it once was. As far as tunes you've actually purchased directly from iTunes, it's probably the best option out there, though you do need to have signed up for an Apple Music subscription to be able to use the app and get at your purchases. Otherwise, it depends on where your music is and how it's stored. Any plain old MP3s you were syncing to your iPhone from iTunes can be uploaded to Google Play Music instead (50,000 of them can be stored for free), or you can use something like DoubleTwist, which is just about the leading choice if you want to keep on using iTunes alongside Android for your music. If you're signed up for Spotify you just need the Android app. Apple Music, now on Android. Image: Screenshot Likewise, if you've been accessing all your movies and TV shows through Netflix, Plex or Google Play Movies & TV then you just need to find and install the relevant app for Android and you're ready to go. All these services let you stream to multiple devices from a single account, so you can carry on using your iOS device if you need to. However, any videos you've purchased from iTunes won't run on Android at all — there's just no app to do it unless Apple ever gets around to making one. Several tools out there will do the job of removing iTunes DRM for you, but since we're getting into murky legal territory with that, we'll leave you to discover them for yourself. If you've invested hundreds of dollars in an iTunes digital library then you can still watch it on macOS, Windows, and the Apple TV, but not Android. Apps and games Generally speaking, all the apps you use on your iPhone are going to be available on Android as well, though there are a few exceptions — like Overcast and Day One. In terms of paid-for apps, you're going to have to pay for them all again, unfortunately, though something like a Spotify subscription buys you access on both Android and iOS. Whether all your data (from documents to saved games) moves over with you is another matter and worth checking up on before you make the switch. If you're in any doubt, get in touch with the developer directly to see what the situation is (you might be out of luck with anything that relies heavily on the iCloud storage system). Some paid-for iOS games, like Alto's Adventure, are free to play on Android. (Image: Noodlecake Studios Inc) We can't give you a guide to everything out there, but think about your productivity, fitness, and banking apps. Assess how much data is stored locally and what's going to happen to it. If you can, keep your old iPhone and new Android phone running alongside each other for a while until you're certain everything's been moved over successfully without too many bumps in the road. You might not believe it if you've read everything that's above, but moving from iOS to Android is actually much easier than it used to be, thanks mainly to an increased focus on cloud services (even, belatedly, from Apple itself). As long as you take your time, and don't live your life inside iMessage, you don't have to feel daunted by the task. WATCH MORE: Tech News Comments thefong @thefong May 29, 2017, 10:26am Step 1 - Reevaluate your life choices Step 2 - Return to the sweet sweet embrace of Android Reply 2 troutmonkey @troutmonkey May 29, 2017, 11:08am I was going to post something similar, but the article is actually "To Android From iOS". Took a few attempts to see it written that way... Reply 1 Join the discussion! Log In Sign Up Guest Access Join the discussion! Cancel Reply Log In / Sign Up Name Email You are starting a new discussion. You are replying to a comment. Cancel Edit × Comment Voting Up Votes Down Votes × Only logged in users may vote for comments! Please log in or register to gain access to this feature. No Thanks Log In Sign Up × Get Permalink Close Trending Stories Right Now I Think EB Games Is Having A Sale Mark Serrels 05 Jun 2017 9:15 AM I can't be sure. I mean it's hard to tell from a distance. But yeah... I think EB Games is having a sale. Splatoon 2 Voice Chat Set-Up Looks Totally Bonkers Brian Ashcraft 03 Jun 2017 10:30 PM If you are planning on using voice chat for Splatoon 2, here's an official headset with an officially nutso set up. Want Kotaku's email newsletter? Subscribe Alert me about competitions & deals Have a tip? Contact our editors! Latest Deals Deals: Learn How To Program For Over 90% Off Deals: Here, Have A VPN For 90% Off Deals: Drop Some Sick Beats In The Shower With This Waterproof Speaker Deals: Learn To Build Your Own Android Apps Trending Articles 1 I Think EB Games Is Having A Sale 2 Splatoon 2 Voice Chat Set-Up Looks Totally Bonkers 3 Target Is Selling Horizon: Zero Dawn And Ghost Recon Wildlands For $39 Optus Is Crediting Customers Shortchanged On Data Deals 17 More Torrent And Streaming Sites Foxtel Wants ISPs To Block The Ultimate Wonder Woman Analysis Deals: Drop Some Sick Beats In The Shower With This Waterproof Speaker Sunday Comics: Completely Avoidable Target Is Selling Horizon: Zero Dawn And Ghost Recon Wildlands For $39 Reminder: The Live-Action Movie Isn't The Only Awesome Wonder Woman Film How To Take Down A Thunderjaw In Horizon: Zero Dawn Ask LH: Are Drones Being Banned In Australia? Seven Phone Recycling Tips For World Environment Day How Amazon Australia Will Affect Existing Supply Chains Here Are 17 More 'Pirate' Sites Foxtel Is Banning In Australia Biotech Prima Biomed shares are going nuts 27 stunning images that were taken by Google Street View Australia's jobs market is strengthening but it's what happens next that matters most One of the Islamic extremists involved in London's terror attack reportedly tried to radicalise children © 2007-2017 Allure Media About Advertise Contact Terms of Use Kotaku International × Log in to Kotaku Username or Email Password Remember me Login Don't have an account? Create one here Forgot your password? Click here to reset × Sign up to Kotaku User Details @ This is your permanent identity for Gizmodo, Kotaku and Lifehacker Australia. Your email must be valid for account activation Minimum of 8 standard keyboard characters Subscriptions Email newsletters will contain a brief summary of our top stories, plus details of competitions and reader events. Gizmodo Newsletter Kotaku Newsletter Lifehacker Newsletter Yes, I wish to receive exclusive discounts, special offers and competitions from our partners. Send Activation Email Already have an account? Log in × Reset Password Email Reset Password Back to login × Kotaku International Kotaku US Kotaku UK Close
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 29 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple Reports Second Quarter Results CUPERTINO, California — May 2, 2017 — Apple today announced financial results for its fiscal 2017 second quarter ended April 1, 2017. The Company posted quarterly revenue of $52.9 billion and quarterly earnings per diluted share of $2.10. These results compare to revenue of $50.6 billion and earnings per diluted share of $1.90 in the year-ago quarter. International sales accounted for 65 percent of the quarter’s revenue. “We are proud to report a strong March quarter, with revenue growth accelerating from the December quarter and continued robust demand for iPhone 7 Plus,” said Tim Cook, Apple’s CEO. “We’ve seen great customer response to both models of the new iPhone 7 (PRODUCT)RED Special Edition and we’re thrilled with the strong momentum of our Services business, with our highest revenue ever for a 13-week quarter. Looking ahead, we are excited to welcome attendees from around the world to our annual Worldwide Developers Conference next month in San Jose.” Apple also announced that its Board of Directors has authorized an increase of $50 billion to the Company’s program to return capital to shareholders and is extending the program timeframe by four quarters.  Under the expanded program, Apple plans to spend a cumulative total of $300 billion by the end of March 2019. “We generated strong operating cash flow of $12.5 billion and returned over $10 billion to our investors in the March quarter,” said Luca Maestri, Apple’s CFO. “Given the strength of our business and our confidence in our future, we are happy to announce another $50 billion increase to our capital return program today.” As part of the latest update to the program, the Board has increased its share repurchase authorization to $210 billion from the $175 billion level announced a year ago. The Company also expects to continue to net-share-settle vesting restricted stock units. The Board has approved a 10.5% increase to the Company’s quarterly dividend, and has declared a dividend of $0.63 per share of the Company’s common stock, payable on May 18, 2017 to shareholders of record as of the close of business on May 15, 2017. From the inception of its capital return program in August 2012 through March 2017, Apple has returned over $211 billion to shareholders, including $151 billion in share repurchases. The Company plans to continue to access the domestic and international debt markets to assist in funding the program. The management team and the Board will continue to review each element of the capital return program regularly and plan to provide an update on the program on an annual basis. Apple is providing the following guidance for its fiscal 2017 third quarter:   revenue between $43.5 billion and $45.5 billion gross margin between 37.5 percent and 38.5 percent operating expenses between $6.6 billion and $6.7 billion other income/(expense) of $450 million tax rate of 25.5 percent Apple will provide live streaming of its Q2 2017 financial results conference call beginning at 2:00 p.m. PDT on May 2, 2017 at www.apple.com/investor/earnings-call/. This webcast will also be available for replay for approximately two weeks thereafter. CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Trade Me to offer buy now pay later with Afterpay Next PostNext Nokia and Apple sign agreement, settle all litigation Search Recent Posts China: First Flight Lands at Shangrao’s New Airport Financing Innovative SMEs in the Caribbean World Bank Helps Bangladesh Diversify Exports and Create 90,000 New Jobs State Bank of India (SBI) approves 100MW of Grid-Connected Rooftop Solar Projects under Word Bank Program Search News Releases – Illinois.gov Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 29 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Nokia and Apple sign agreement, settle all litigation Cupertino, California and Espoo, Finland — Nokia and Apple announced today that they have settled all litigation related to their intellectual property dispute and agreed a multi-year patent license. “This is a meaningful agreement between Nokia and Apple,” said Maria Varsellona, Chief Legal Officer at Nokia, responsible for Nokia’s patent licensing business. “It moves our relationship with Apple from being adversaries in court to business partners working for the benefit of our customers.” Under a business collaboration agreement, Nokia will be providing certain network infrastructure product and services to Apple. Apple will resume carrying Nokia digital health products (formerly under the Withings brand) in Apple retail and online stores, and Apple and Nokia are exploring future collaboration in digital health initiatives. Regular summits between top Nokia and Apple executives will ensure that the relationship works effectively and to the benefit of both parties and their customers. “We are pleased with this resolution of our dispute and we look forward to expanding our business relationship with Nokia,” said Jeff Williams, Apple’s chief operating officer. “This agreement will strengthen our collaboration,” said Basil Alwan, President of Nokia’s IP/Optical Networks business. “We look forward to supporting Apple.” While details of the agreement remain confidential, Nokia will receive an up-front cash payment from Apple, with additional revenues during the term of the agreement. The value of the agreement will be reflected partially as patent licensing net sales in Nokia Technologies and partially as net sales in other Nokia business groups. Nokia will follow its existing practices for disclosing patent licensing revenue in its quarterly announcements and expects that revenues for the agreement will start to be recognized in the second quarter of 2017, including an element of non-recurring catch-up revenue. Due to the up-front cash payment from Apple, Nokia intends to provide a comprehensive update of its capital structure optimization program in conjunction with its third quarter 2017 results. Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, macOS, watchOS and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple’s more than 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it. CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple Reports Second Quarter Results Next PostNext Takuma Sato, Honda Win the Indianapolis 500 Search Recent Posts Real-Time, Patient-Reported Symptom Monitoring Demonstrates an Overall Survival Benefit “Wonder Woman” Overpowers the Competition at the Global Box Office Statement by Commonwealth Secretary-General Patricia Scotland on attacks in London Halozyme Phase 2 Data In Advanced Pancreas Cancer Featured In An Oral Presentation At ASCO Global Oil Country Tubular Goods Market Analysis: Coverage of Major and Niche Players with Five Forces Analysis Forecast To 2020 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Technology & Business Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Business Insider Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR ShopStyle Who What Wear Byrdie MyDomaine Kin Community | Log in / Sign up Life Money Ratehacker: June's Best Credit Card, Savings Account And Home Loan Deals Dealhacker: 500GB Xbox One S Bundle For $299, Includes 2 Free Games Ebay Australia's Biggest Sale Ever Is On Now Hump Day Deals: Cheap Sony TVs, EOFY Tech Sale, Half-Price Snow Gear Home 5 Useful Things To Do With Your Microwave How To Build A Smart Home That Works How To Revive Dead Flowers 3-Ingredient Happy Hour: A Morning Martini Entertainment 8 Classic Games Actually Worth Playing On Your Phone Facebook Really Wants You To Say 'Hello' To Your Friends Find The Perfect Soundtrack For Any Book Deals: Get This VPN For 90% Off Travel Ask LH: Are Drones Being Banned In Australia? Travel Hacker: Use The Qantas App To Find Hotels, Adventures, Cars And Great Offers The Complete Guide To Fixing Your Car's Paintjob Why You Should Give Your Car A Crappy Paint Job Health Is Alkaline Water Just A Way Of Making Expensive Pee? The Benefits And Risks Of Lucid Dreaming Nike-Funded Study Shows Compression Tights Are Basically Useless What To Worry About This Week: Phones, Caffeine And Meditation Design Need Selfie Tips? Ask A Neural Network With This App, You Can Finally Trust Photos Again  Sketchar Is An Augmented-Reality App For Wannabe Graffiti Artists How To Upgrade Your Computer's Login Screen Work Productivity Stop Chrome Crippling Your PC On Restart With Native Lazy Tabs The Best Stuff To Do On The Google Homepage (That Isn't Googling) Why It's Worth Paying For An Office Instead Of Working From Home I'm Eric O'Neill, Former Counterterrorism Operative, And This Is How I Work  Communicate Here Are 17 More 'Pirate' Sites Foxtel Is Banning In Australia How The Promise Of The NBN Fell Short For So Many Australians How To Abandon iOS And Switch To Android Facebook Is Rumoured To Be Working On A Messaging App For Teens Organise Seven Phone Recycling Tips For World Environment Day Last Week's 10 Biggest Posts Export Your Bookmarks From Delicious To Pinboard (Or Anywhere Else) The Best Online Videos Of The Week Career How To Clean Up Your Social Media Presence How To Maintain Your Skills During A Career Hiatus Are Robots Going To Steal Your Job? The Best Way To Follow Up After A Job Interview Business Travel US Visa Applications Now 'Request' Social Media Information Lounge Hacker: Ten Airport Lounges You Need To Experience At Least Once Uber Price Hike: Here's How Much More You'll Pay In Each Australian City Travel Alert: Massive Flight Delays At Sydney Airport Security Experts Speak: How Trump's Paris Accord Exit Hurts Us All Ask LH: Am I Allowed To Booby Trap My Thumb Drive? How To Snoop-Proof Any Phone Or Tablet Twitter Changed Their Privacy Policy, So Update Your Settings Small Business & Startups How I Succeeded: GO1.com's Andrew Barnes Five One-Hour Routines That Will Improve Your Life As A Freelancer Australian Small Business Tax Calendar: Key Dates For 2016/2017 The Deceptively Simple Workspace IT Pro Cloud OpenStack Foundation Says We Are At A Cloud Tipping Point Outlook Email Down: Hope You Can Still Get To MySpace Microsoft To Use DNA To Store Data In The Cloud Microsoft Reduces Azure Pricing IT Career How To Deal With Weird Job Interview Questions I'm Calling BS On The IT Skills Shortage Intel Australia Looking For A New Boss ACS Report Finds ICT Benefits Under Threat IT Security Trello Scrambles To Rescue Users Who Foolishly Used Its Service To Store Passwords Roundup: The Best iOS VPN Solutions OneLogin Data Breach May Have Revealed Encrypted Data Have You Been Impacted By The OneLogin Breach? Developer Deals: Learn How To Program For Over 90% Off .NET Standard 2.0, Summarised In A Giant Microsoft Poster AlphaGo Just Trounced Humanity's Last Hope Grab 36 Free O'Reilly Programming eBooks Covering Python, Java And C++ Deployment How Amazon Australia Will Affect Existing Supply Chains Microsoft Teases Windows 10 Pro For Advanced PCs What We Can Learn From The Failure Of Windows Vista Retailers Are Already Feeling The Amazon Pinch Servers Get 12 Linux And Open Source eBooks For $US15 In Humble's Book Bundle Companies Are Creating So Much Data, It Has To Be Shipped In Trucks Synology Boosts VM Support With New Virtual Machine Manager Here's One Way To Build A Cheap Mini NAS Toggle navigation Life Money Home Entertainment Travel Health Design Work Productivity Communicate Organise Career Business Travel Security Small Business & Startups IT Pro Cloud IT Career IT Security Developer Deployment Servers Seven Phone Recycling Tips For World Environment Day How Amazon Australia Will Affect Existing Supply Chains Here Are 17 More 'Pirate' Sites Foxtel Is Banning In Australia Deals: Learn How To Program For Over 90% Off Apple Developing Neural Engine Chip To Power AI Ambitions Anthony Caruana May 29, 2017, 9:30am ⋅ Filed to:  ai apple Apple Neural Engine Australian Stories Share A report by Bloomberg suggests Apple is turning their chip-making ambitions towards to development of silicon that will take the AI load away from the CPU. This is in keeping with their strategy of offloading tasks from the CPU in iOS and watchOS devices. And it suggests their purchase of Intrinisity in 2010 is part of a long game.. While Apple was an early entrant to the AI game with Siri, they have been caught and overtaken by Google, Amazon and Microsoft. But the Bloomberg report suggests Apple is developing a new chip called the Apple Neural Engine. It will offload AI tasks from the CPU resulting in fast performance and better power efficiency. New silicon takes time to develop so it's doubtful we'll see the Apple Neural Engine in this year's 10th anniversary iPhone, which is expected to be significantly different to the iPhone 7. But after writing about Apple for over a decade the only thing I know is that predicting Apple's next move is about as easy as picking next week's lotto numbers. But, I'd not be surprised to see the Apple Neural Engine pop up in a new router that integrated with HomeKit before it was added to other computing platforms. WATCH MORE: Tech News Also on Lifehacker Is It Cheaper To Buy A Samsung Galaxy S8 On A Plan Than An iPhone 7? Is It Cheaper To Buy The Galaxy S8 Outright Or On A Plan? The Best NBN 50 Plans (From ISPs You’ve Never Heard Of) Comments Be the first to comment on this story! Log In Sign Up Guest Access Be the first to comment on this story! Cancel Reply Log In / Sign Up Name Email You are starting a new discussion. You are replying to a comment. Cancel Edit × Comment Voting Up Votes Down Votes × Only logged in users may vote for comments! Please log in or register to gain access to this feature. No Thanks Log In Sign Up × Get Permalink Close Trending Stories Right Now How The Promise Of The NBN Fell Short For So Many Australians Tooran Alizadeh 05 Jun 2017 11:15 AM Eight years into the Australian government’s National Broadband Network (NBN) project, the nation has an average internet speed – 50th in the global rankings – that lags well behind many advanced economy countries. Ongoing secrecy around the NBN, a project that’s likely to cost more than A$50 billion, makes it impossible for the public in most cases to know when and what quality service they will receive. Further, new research shows the NBN rollout was politically motivated and socioeconomically biased from the beginning. It is perhaps time to remind ourselves of the ups and downs of the project that was once announced as a dream national infrastructure project for the 21st century. This requires a ten-year journey back in time, before we can figure out what needs to be done next. Here Are 17 More 'Pirate' Sites Foxtel Is Banning In Australia Chris Jager 05 Jun 2017 12:15 PM Foxtel's legal crusade against online piracy has intensified, with the company applying to add 127 additional URLs to its proposed block list in Federal Court. The new sites under the ban hammer include YesMovies, Vumoo, LosMovies, CartoonHD, Project Free TV 1, Torlock and 1337x. Here is the full list. Want Lifehacker's email newsletter? Subscribe Alert me about competitions & deals Have a tip? Contact our editors! Latest Deals Deals: Learn How To Program For Over 90% Off Deals: Upgrade Your Shower Experience With This Waterproof Speaker Deals: Get This VPN For 90% Off Deals: Drive Around Safely With This Hands-Free Phone Mount Trending Articles 1 How The Promise Of The NBN Fell Short For So Many Australians 2 Here Are 17 More 'Pirate' Sites Foxtel Is Banning In Australia 3 How Amazon Australia Will Affect Existing Supply Chains Optus Is Crediting Customers Shortchanged On Data Deals 17 More Torrent And Streaming Sites Foxtel Wants ISPs To Block The Ultimate Wonder Woman Analysis Deals: Drop Some Sick Beats In The Shower With This Waterproof Speaker Sunday Comics: Completely Avoidable Target Is Selling Horizon: Zero Dawn And Ghost Recon Wildlands For $39 Reminder: The Live-Action Movie Isn't The Only Awesome Wonder Woman Film How To Take Down A Thunderjaw In Horizon: Zero Dawn Ask LH: Are Drones Being Banned In Australia? Seven Phone Recycling Tips For World Environment Day How Amazon Australia Will Affect Existing Supply Chains Here Are 17 More 'Pirate' Sites Foxtel Is Banning In Australia Biotech Prima Biomed shares are going nuts 27 stunning images that were taken by Google Street View Australia's jobs market is strengthening but it's what happens next that matters most One of the Islamic extremists involved in London's terror attack reportedly tried to radicalise children © 2007-2017 Allure Media About Advertise Contact Terms of Use Lifehacker International × Log in to Lifehacker Username or Email Password Remember me Login Don't have an account? Create one here Forgot your password? Click here to reset × Sign up to Lifehacker User Details @ This is your permanent identity for Gizmodo, Kotaku and Lifehacker Australia. Your email must be valid for account activation Minimum of 8 standard keyboard characters Subscriptions Email newsletters will contain a brief summary of our top stories, plus details of competitions and reader events. Gizmodo Newsletter Kotaku Newsletter Lifehacker Newsletter Yes, I wish to receive exclusive discounts, special offers and competitions from our partners. Send Activation Email Already have an account? Log in × Reset Password Email Reset Password Back to login × Lifehacker International Lifehacker US Lifehacker Japan Close
Close Skip to main content The Guardian - Back to home Become a Supporter news opinion sport arts life Menu news headlines US news world news science US politics business environment money tech obituaries opinion opinion home the guardian view columnists cartoons opinion videos Jill Abramson Jessica Valenti Steven W Thrasher Trevor Timm Rebecca Carroll Chelsea E Manning sport sport home soccer NFL tennis MLB MLS NBA NHL arts culture home film books music art & design tv & radio stage classical games life lifestyle home fashion food recipes love & sex home & garden health & fitness women family travel money What term do you want to search? become a supporter subscribe Sign in/up my account Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition jobs the guardian app podcasts video pictures newsletters crosswords Facebook Twitter UK UK politics education media society law scotland more sign in Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition The Guardian - Back to home home › media home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Privacy & the media Publishers call for rethink of proposed changes to online privacy laws Warning that new regulations will give Google, Apple and Facebook too much control of advertising and personal data Publishers argue that new regulations relating to cookies would leave digital giants such as Google and Facebook in control. Photograph: Yui Mok/PA Privacy & the media Publishers call for rethink of proposed changes to online privacy laws Warning that new regulations will give Google, Apple and Facebook too much control of advertising and personal data Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Mark Sweney @marksweney email Sunday 28 May 2017 19.01 EDT An alliance of news publishers has called on European regulators to rethink proposed changes to online privacy laws, arguing that they will potentially kill their digital businesses and give Google, Apple and Facebook too much control of advertising and personal data. More than two dozen leading publishers – including the Financial Times, Guardian, Le Monde, Spiegel, Telegraph, Daily Mail and Les Echoes – have signed a letter to the European parliament, which is deliberating proposals to tighten up how data is gathered and used by web companies. The publishers argue that new regulations relating to “cookies” – small files that remember users’ digital habits therefore allowing the targeting of relevant ads – could cut off their ability to build digital revenue. Currently, when users visit an individual website or app they are asked if they will consent to a cookietracking them. Under the European commission’s plans, consumers will in the future instead be asked to make a single choice to accept, or reject, cookies from all websites and apps only on one single occasion on their phone or browser. Publishers argue that creating a single “switch” will most likely result in consumers taking the simplest route of opting out of all cookies, leaving them with scant information to support their targeted advertising models. In turn, this would leave the few digital giants used by most consumers to access the web, and those like Facebook that have their own giant data mining capability, in control. “Given that 90% of [digital] usage across Europe is concentrated in the hands of just four companies: Google, Apple, Microsoft and Mozilla, this [proposal]... has the potential to exacerbate the asymmetry of power between individual publishers and these global digital gateways,” the letter says. “The current ePrivacy proposals will result in the data of European digital citizens being concentrated in the hands of a few global companies, as a result of which digital citizens will become less protected. It will give those global companies a tighter grip on the personal data of European digital citizens.” Under the proposals, publishers would be allowed to lobby consumers to go into their settings and unblock individual sites and “white list” them, but news organisations believe that in practice this would prove to be an extremely difficult task. The proposal has been compared to the ad-blocking battle in which publishers ask the increasing number of those who use the software to turn it off, or add their businesses to a white list, explaining how advertising is essential income for many digital news businesses. The proposals are likely to further exacerbate the huge issue publishers already face as Google and Facebook sweep up as much as 90% of all new digital display advertising. “The practice of serving relevant advertising to readers is now an established norm in the advertising industry, and is essential to ensure that publishers can compete with Google and Facebook who already control 20% of total global advertising spend,” the letter says. “If as a result of these proposals news publishers were unable to serve relevant advertising to our readers, this would reduce our ability to compete with the capabilities of dominant digital platforms for digital advertising revenues, ultimately undermining our ability to invest in high quality journalism across Europe,” the letter says. In recent months, Google, which owns YouTube, and Facebook have faced a barrage of criticism for allowing ads to run next to inappropriate content such as extremist videos. The companies have also faced a number of issues that have hurt their previously unquestioned ability to accurately target ads, such as brands being charged for ads viewed by “bots”, computer programmes mimicking an internet user, and Facebook admitting to a number of measurement errors. “The Commission’s ePrivacy proposals will make it more difficult to ensure transparency ... and remove any distinction between publishers who place a high value on trust of their users, and those who do not,” the publishers’ letter says. However, the bad press has so far failed to dent their popularity with advertisers with Google and Facebook enjoying a near duopoly of control of the £11bn UK digital advertising market. Publishers say that they support the overall objective of the draft “ePrivacy” regulation, which they say has the “potential to clean up the digital economy”, but they need to compete on a fair playing field. “Citizens are rightly concerned about the use of their personal data by third-party companies of whom they have never heard, and have no idea about the role that they play in their digital lives online,” the letter says. “[But] the commission’s proposals threaten to prevent news organisations from delivering basic functionality such as the marketing of products and services, the tailoring of news products to the needs and desires of news consumers, and relevant and acceptable advertising.” Topics Privacy & the media Privacy news Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content most viewed The Guardian back to top home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home US politics world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food recipes health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media selected crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed weekend video Media › Privacy & the media UK UK politics education media society law scotland back to top become a supporter make a contribution Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us advertise with us contact us work for us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2017 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
Cell Phones & Plans Business Phone Home Phone Internet Television Deals Find the Best Cell Phone and Plan for You PhoneDog's innovative comparison tool can help you save on cell phones and plans. Find the best phone and plan for you today with PhoneDog! Compare Phones and Plans Compare Cell Phones Compare Cell Plans CREDO Mobile Tello Ting T-Mobile Sprint Pix Wireless The People's Operator Republic Wireless Boost Mobile Straight Talk AT&T Virgin Mobile Verizon Wireless Net10 No Contract Plans See all carriers Phone Categories Smartphone Basic Phones Waterproof/Rugged Phablets Free Phones Phone Manufacturers Apple HTC Motorola LG Samsung See All Manufacturers Cell Phone Reviews Cell Phone News Phone vs Phone Cell Phone Videos App Reviews Official Smartphone Rankings VoIP Long Distance Residential VoIP Holiday Deals Trending: iPhone 7 Google Pixel Official Smartphone Rankings Login Register Search Enter your keywords f g+ t Follow @phonedog yt         What do you want to see in iOS 11? Apple Evan Selleck Contributing Editor | May 28, 2017 2 shares 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 2 0               At the beginning of June, Apple is going to host its latest Worldwide Developers Conference and going to announce new things. While iOS is going to (probably) take the lion's share of time on stage, the company has also launched new and updated platforms over the years. macOS got revitalized with a name change recently, and now there's watchOS and tvOS to really add to the mix. Basically, Apple has a platform for just about everything now, and developers still play a huge role in making those platforms as popular as they are. WWDC's keynote is always buys, with Apple executives taking the stage as well as other company employees getting some time up there to talk about whatever it is they're bringing to Apple's devices and platforms. This year won't be any different. There haven't been a lot of rumors about what the company is going to bring to the newest versions of its platforms, but there does seem to be a feeling that at least iOS 11 is going to see some big changes. So, obviously, it's about time I ask all of you what you want to see. I'll just get this out of the way: As long as Apple doesn't change Control Center all that much, aside from maybe letting me change the bottom row of quick launch apps (I really don't want the calculator down there anymore), and adding some more 3D Touch options (I am trying to use this feature more often), I will be a happy camper. And while I think it's about time that iOS allowed users to change their default apps, I don't think that's going to happen so I'm not going to get caught up on it too much. It's a strange thing, at least it feels like it, with only a little week left to go before a new version of a major platform is revealed, that I don't really have anything I feel is desperately needed. It does make it a little exciting, though, considering the rumor mill has been pretty quiet on this front, so whatever Apple does announce might actually be a surprise for once. Or maybe the rumors are quiet because there's not much to talk about. That's almost depressing. Anyway, I'm more curious to hear what you might have to say about Apple's mobile operating system. That includes from both sides of the camp: The iOS users out there and the folks who aren't using Apple's platform. For the former group, what do you want to see Apple add to the mobile OS you use every day? What could make iOS 11 the best version of Apple's platform to date in your opinion? And for those of you out there who have stayed away from iOS, or maybe who have used it in the past and switched away, what do you think Apple could bring to iOS that would get you to switch over or come back? Anything at all? Let me know! Apple iOS 11 WWDC WWDC 2017 Worldwide Developers Conference Apple Next ArticleLTE connectivity is a welcomed addition to the Surface Pro Don't forget to VOTE! Each week, PhoneDog Fans vote for their #1 smartphone in the Official Smartphone Rankings. Vote now and contribute to the industry's most relevant weekly ranking charts. Related Posts LG and Qualcomm reportedly working together on Snapdragon 845 for LG G7 Samsung SoundAssistant app will give you more audio controls on your Galaxy device Essential Phone from Andy Rubin official with 5.7-inch display, titanium frame, and more Does the Essential Phone need carrier support? View the discussion thread. Select a phone: (optional) + - Any - Acer Liquid M220 Airave 2.5 Plus Alcatel 510A Alcatel 768 Alcatel 871A GoPhone Alcatel A206G Alcatel A30 Alcatel A382G Big Easy Alcatel A392G Alcatel A394C Alcatel Authority Alcatel Big Easy Flip Black Alcatel Cinch Alcatel Dawn Alcatel Fling Black Alcatel GO FLIP Alcatel Ideal Alcatel Idol 4 Alcatel Idol 4S Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 Alcatel One Touch 991 Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel One Touch Idol Alcatel One Touch Scribe HD Alcatel One Touch Shockwave Alcatel One Touch Ultra Alcatel One Touch Yaris Black Alcatel OneTouch B3G Alcatel OneTouch Conquest Alcatel OneTouch Elevate Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fierce Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel OneTouch Fierce XL Alcatel ONETOUCH Fling Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (4.7") Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (5.5") Alcatel ONETOUCH Pixi Avion Alcatel Onetouch Pixi Bond Alcatel onetouch Pixi Charm Alcatel onetouch Pixi ECLIPSE Alcatel onetouch Pixi GLITZ Alcatel onetouch Pixi Glory LTE Alcatel onetouch Pixi PULSAR Alcatel OneTouch Pop 7 Alcatel ONETOUCH POP Astro Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon 2 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Mega Alcatel OneTouch Pop Nova Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star 2 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star LTE Alcatel OneTouch Retro Alcatel OneTouch Retro ALCATEL OneTouch Sonic LTE Alcatel ONETOUCH Speakeasy Alcatel Pixi Unite Alcatel Pop C9 Alcatel Pop D3 Alcatel Sparq II Alcatel Sparq II Alcatel Venture Amazon Fire HD Kids Edition 6 inch Blue Amazon Fire Phone Amazon Kindle Fire 7 inch Black Amazon Kindle Fire HD 6 (2014) Amazon Kindle Fire HD 7 Amazon Kindle Fire HDX 7 inch Black 16GB Amazon Kindle Fire HDX 8.9 Black 16GB Amoi CS6 Silver Anna Sui Mobile by Samsung ANS H450R Apple iPad Apple iPad 2 Apple iPad 2 16GB Apple iPad 2 WiFi and 3G 16GB Black Apple iPad 4th Gen Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Air 2 16GB Space Gray Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad mini 3 Apple iPad Mini 3 Apple iPad mini 3 16GB Space Gray Apple iPad mini 4 Apple iPad mini with Retina Display Apple iPad mini with Retina display 16GB Silver Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad Pro 9.7 Apple iPad with Retina Display Apple iPhone Apple iPhone 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 16 GB Apple iPhone 3GS Apple iPhone 4 Apple iPhone 4 32GB Black Apple iPhone 4S Apple iPhone 4S 64GB White Apple iPhone 5 Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6s Plus Apple iPhone 7 Apple iPhone 7 Plus Apple iPhone SE Apple iPod Touch - 8GB Apple new iPad Apple new iPad WiFi and 4G 16GB Black Apple Watch Asus Eee Pad Memo ME370T Asus Eee Slate Asus Google Nexus 7 Asus Memo Pad 10 inch Black ASUS MeMO Pad 7 LTE ASUS MeMO Pad FHD 10 LTE Asus PadFone Black Asus Padfone mini Asus PadFone X ASUS PadFone X mini Asus Transformer Asus Transformer Prime TF700T ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenFone 2E Asus ZenFone 4 Asus ZenFone 5 Asus ZenFone 6 ASUS ZenFone Zoom Asus ZenWatch ASUS ZenWatch 2 AT&T Cingular Flip AT&T Mobile Hotspot Elevate 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot MiFi 2372 AT&T Radiant GoPhone AT&T Unite AT&T Unite Pro AT&T USBConnect Adrenaline AT&T USBConnect Momentum 4G AT&T USBConnect Turbo AT&T USBConnect Velocity AT&T Z222 GoPhone AT&T Z223 GoPhone AT&T Z998 GoPhone Audiovox 8425 Audiovox 9200 Audiovox CDM-105 / CDM-7000 Audiovox CDM-120 Audiovox CDM-8100 Audiovox CDM-8150X Audiovox CDM-8200 Audiovox CDM-8300 Audiovox CDM-8400 / CDM-8410 Audiovox CDM-8450 / CDM-8455 / VI600 Audiovox CDM-8500 Audiovox CDM-8600 Audiovox CDM-8615 Audiovox CDM-8900 Audiovox CDM-8910 / FLASHER V7/PM-8912 Audiovox CDM-8915 / Snapper Audiovox CDM-8930 Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox CDM-9100 Audiovox CDM-9150X Audiovox CDM-9155GPX Audiovox CDM-9200X Audiovox CDM-9500 Audiovox CDM-9600 Audiovox CDM-9900 Audiovox CDM-9950 Audiovox HTC-Apache / PPC-6700 Audiovox PC-3320 Audiovox PC-5220 Audiovox PC5740 EVDO PC Card Audiovox PM-8920 Audiovox PPC 4100 Audiovox PPC-5050-Falcon Audiovox PPC-6600/6601 Audiovox SMT-5600 Audiovox THERA / 2032 Audiovox VI600 Audiovox VOX-8610 Audiovox XV6600 B-Mobile B1+ B-Mobile C240 3G Flip Barnes & Noble Nook 16GB Silver BenQ P50 BenQ T60 Betsey Johnson Mobile by Samsung Big Button Flip Alcatel A392G BlackBerry 6210 / 6230 BlackBerry 6280 BlackBerry 6510 BlackBerry 6710 BlackBerry 6750 BlackBerry 7100g BlackBerry 7100i BlackBerry 7100r BlackBerry 7100t BlackBerry 7100v BlackBerry 7100x BlackBerry 7105t BlackBerry 7130c BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7230 / 7210 BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7270 BlackBerry 7280 BlackBerry 7290 BlackBerry 7510 BlackBerry 7520 BlackBerry 7750 BlackBerry 7780 / 7730 BlackBerry 8700c BlackBerry 8700g BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8800 BlackBerry 8820 BlackBerry 8830 BlackBerry 9000-Bold BlackBerry 9330 Titanium BlackBerry 9720 White BlackBerry Apollo BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9700 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Bold 9900 BlackBerry Bold 9930 BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330 Charcoal BlackBerry Curve 8320 BlackBerry Curve 8330 BlackBerry Curve 8350i BlackBerry Curve 8520 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8530 Black BlackBerry Curve 8900 BlackBerry Curve 9300 Black BlackBerry Curve 9310 BlackBerry Curve 9315 BlackBerry Curve 9320 BlackBerry Curve 9330 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9370 BlackBerry Curve-8300 BlackBerry Curve-8310 Red BlackBerry DTEK50 BlackBerry Javelin BlackBerry KEYone BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Pearl 3G 9100 Black BlackBerry Pearl 3G 9105 Black BlackBerry Pearl 8110 BlackBerry Pearl 8120 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 White BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8230 BlackBerry Pearl-8100 Blue BlackBerry PlayBook BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Q5 White BlackBerry Storm BlackBerry Storm2 BlackBerry Style BlackBerry Thunder-9500 BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Tour BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Z30 Blackphone 2 BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Dash X BLU Life One M Blu Life One X BLU Life One X BLU Life One X2 BLU Life One X2 Mini BLU Life Play S BLU Life Play X BLU LIFE PRO BLU Life Pure BLU Life View BLU Life View Tab BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Pure XR BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 C HD Black BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0C BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio C 8+8 BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio J5 BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio Selfie LTE BLU Vivo 4.8 HD BLU Vivo IV BLU Vivo XL BLU Win HD Neon Green BLU Win JR White Boost MAX by ZTE Boost Warp 4G by ZTE Brigadier by Kyocera Casio EXILIM Casio G'zOne Boulder - Black & Silver CASIO G'zONE Ravine 2 (Non-Camera) Casio GzOne Brigade Casio GzOne Commando Casio GzOne Ravine Casio GzOne Ravine 2 Casio GzOne Rock CAT B15Q CAT S40 Compal AR-11 Red E SC1100 Coolpad Arise Coolpad Avail Coolpad Catalyst Coolpad Flo Coolpad Flo Black Coolpad Rogue Curitel Identity Curitel TX-110C Curitel TX-115C Curitel TX-120C Curitel TX-30B Curitel TX-50C Curitel TX-55C Curitel TX-60B/TX-61B Curitel TX-65B Curitel TX-95C Danger HIPTOP / SIDEKICK Color Danger HIPTOP / T-MOBILE SIDEKICK Danger HIPTOP 2 / SIDEKICK II Danger Sidekick-3 Danger Sidekick-iD Grey Dell Aero Dell Inspiron 14z Laptop Dell Inspiron Mini 10 with T-Mobile webConnect Dell Inspiron Mini 1012 Dell Streak 7 Dell Venue Dell Venue Pro Digital Chocolate Inc. Crazy Penguin Catapult Digix Tab 730 Double Power Nobis 7 Inch 8GB White DROID 2 by Motorola DROID 3 by Motorola DROID 4 by Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G by Motorola DROID by Motorola DROID CHARGE by Samsung Droid DNA by HTC DROID ERIS by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 by HTC DROID Incredible 4G LTE by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE by HTC DROID Pro by Motorola DROID R2 D2 by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola DROID RAZR HD by Motorola DROID RAZR M by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola DROID Turbo DROID X by Motorola DROID X2 by Motorola Ematic 7 Inch HD quad-core Ematic EGD 170 Black Enact by LG Ericsson A1228C Ericsson A1228D / A1228LX Ericsson A2218Z Ericsson c905a Ericsson Equinox Ericsson R278D Ericsson R280 / R289 Ericsson R300D / R300LX Ericsson R300Z Ericsson R380 WORLD Ericsson R520 Ericsson T28-World Ericsson T39 Ericsson T60D / T60LX Ericsson T66 Ericsson T68 Ericsson TM506 Ericsson Vivaz Ericsson W350 Ericsson W518a Ericsson Z750a Essential Phone Eten Glofiish-X500 Firefly FireFly Franklin 3G-4G USB U600 Franklin CDU-550AL Franklin Ellipsis Jetpack Black Franklin U300 Aircard Franklin U301 USB Device Franklin U600 4G USB Stick Black Galaxy Nexus by Samsung Garmin Garminfone Garmin nuvifone G60 Garmin-Asus nuvifone M20 Generic Manufacturer Sample Giveaway Item Generic Manufacturer VK-530 Google Nexus 10 16GB Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 5 Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 7 Google Nexus 9 Google Nexus One Google Pixel Google Pixel C Google Pixel XL Hitachi G1000 Hitachi SH-P300 Honor 6X HP H6315 / H6310 HP iPAQ Glisten HP iPAQ hw6510 / hw6515 HP iPAQ-510-Voice-Messenger HP iPAQ-610-Business-Navigator HP IPAQ-6320 HP iPAQ-6325 HP iPAQ-6945 HP iPAQ-910c-Business-Messenger HP iPAQ-hw6915 HP iPAQ-hw6940 HP Mini 210-1076NR Netbook HP Mini 311-1037NR Netbook HP Netbook 9.7 inch Black HP Palm Pre 2 HP Pre 3 HP Slate 7 HP Slate10 HD HP Slate7 Extreme HP Slate7 Plus HP Slate8 Pro HP TouchPad HP Veer 4G HTC 10 HTC 3125 HTC 5800 HTC 7 Pro HTC 8125 HTC 8525 HTC 8925-Tilt HTC 8XT HTC A11 White HTC A5 Max Gray HTC Accord Black HTC All New One HTC Amaze HTC Aria HTC Arrive HTC BLUE ANGEL / MDA III / XDA IIS HTC Bolt HTC CANARY / SPV HTC Cedar HTC Dash HTC Dash 3G HTC Desire HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 526 HTC Desire 530 HTC Desire 601 Black HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 612 HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 626s HTC Desire 816 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire C Black HTC Desire EYE HTC Desire Eye HTC Dream HTC Droid DNA HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 4G HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO Design 4G HTC EVO Shift 4G HTC EVO V 4G Black HTC EVO View 4G HTC Excalibur HTC Faraday / 2100 / 2125 HTC First HTC Flyer HTC Freestyle HTC FUZE HTC G1 HTC HD 7 HTC HD Mini HTC HD2 HTC HD7S HTC Hero HTC Hero S HTC HIMALAYAS / XDA II / MDA II HTC Imagio HTC Inspire 4G HTC Jetstream HTC Lancaster HTC Legend HTC M7 (Beta) HTC Magic HTC Magician / MDA Compact HTC Max 4G HTC MDA HTC MDA Basic HTC Merge HTC Merge HTC Mogul HTC Mogul Pocket PC 6800 HTC myTouch 3G 3.5mm Jack White HTC myTouch 3G Slide Black HTC myTouch 3G White HTC Nexus 9 HTC One (E8) HTC One (M8) HTC One (M8) For Windows HTC One A9 HTC One Google Play edition HTC One M7 HTC One M9 HTC One Max HTC One mini HTC One mini 2 HTC One remix HTC One S HTC One SV HTC One V HTC One VX White HTC One X HTC One X global HTC One X+ HTC Ozone HTC P3300 HTC P4300 HTC P4350 HTC P6500 HTC PPC6800 HTC Prophet/i-mate JAMin HTC Pure HTC Radar HTC Rezound HTC Rhodium HTC Rhyme HTC S621 Excalibur HTC S630 Cavalier HTC S710 HTC S720 HTC S730 HTC S740 HTC S743 HTC Salsa HTC SDA HTC Sensation HTC Shadow HTC Shift HTC SMT5800 HTC Snap HTC Space Needle/Pocket PC Phone HTC Star Trek/8500 HTC Status HTC Surround HTC TANAGER / SPV E100 / QTEK 7070 HTC Tattoo HTC Thunderbolt HTC Tilt 2 HTC Titan HTC Titan II HTC Tornado/SDA HTC Touch HTC Touch Cruise HTC Touch Diamond HTC Touch Diamond2 HTC Touch HD HTC Touch Pro HTC Touch Pro 2 HTC Touch Pro 6850 HTC Touch Viva HTC Touch-Cruise HTC Touch-DUAL HTC Touch-XV6900 HTC Trophy HTC TyTN HTC TyTN-II-Kaiser HTC U Play HTC U Ultra HTC U11 HTC Vivid HTC VOYAGER / SPV E200 / XPHONE HTC Warhawk HTC Wildfire S HTC Wing HTC X7500 HTC XV6800 Huawei Activa 4G Huawei Ascend Huawei Ascend 5W HUAWEI Ascend II Huawei Ascend Mate 2 Huawei Ascend Mate2 Huawei Ascend P1 S Huawei Ascend Plus Huawei Ascend Q Huawei Ascend W1 Huawei Ascend Y Huawei EC-3360 Huawei EC228 Huawei Express Huawei Express Mobile Hotspot Huawei Fusion 2 Black Huawei Fusion U8652 Blue Huawei Glory Huawei GX8 Huawei H110C Huawei H110C Huawei H210C Huawei H215G Huawei H866C Huawei H881 Black Huawei Honor 5X Huawei Honor 6 Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Honor 8 Huawei Impulse 4G Huawei Inspira Huawei M318 Huawei M328 Huawei M735 Huawei M750 Huawei M835 Huawei M865 Huawei Magna Huawei Mate 8 Huawei Mate 9 Huawei Mate S Huawei Mercury Huawei Mercury Ice Huawei NET10 Home Phone Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei P10 Huawei P10 Plus Huawei P8 lite Huawei P9 Huawei P9 Plus Huawei Pal Huawei Pillar Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Pinnacle 2 Huawei Premia 4G Huawei Premia 4G Huawei Pronto Huawei Raven Huawei SENSA Huawei SnapTo Huawei Summit Huawei Summit Huawei Tap Berry Huawei Tap Midnight Blue Huawei U2800A Pal Black Huawei U3900 Black Huawei U8651T Prism Huawei UMG181 Huawei Union Huawei USBConnect Force 4G Huawei Valiant Huawei Valiant Huawei Verge Huawei Verge Huawei Vitria Huawei W1 Huawei Watch Huawei Watch 2 i-mate JAM i-mate JAQ i-mate JAQ3 i-mate JASJAR 3G PDA i-mate K-JAM i-mate PDAL i-mate Smartflip i-mate SP3i i-mate SPL i-mate Ultimate 6150 i-mate Ultimate 8150 i-mate Ultimate-8502 i-mate Ultimate-9502 innostream INNO A11 innostream INNO-30 innostream INNO-55 innostream INNO-89 innostream INNO-90 innostream INNO-98 / 99 Jolla Tablet KIN One Kyocera 1135 Kyocera 1155 Kyocera 126C Kyocera 2119 Kyocera 2135 Kyocera 2235 Kyocera 2255 Kyocera 2325 Kyocera 2345 Kyocera 3225 Kyocera 323 Kyocera 3245 Kyocera 3250 Kyocera 5135 Kyocera 7135 Kyocera Adreno-S240 Black Kyocera AKTIV-K480 Kyocera Brigadier Kyocera Brio Kyocera Coast Kyocera Contact Kyocera Cyclops-K312 Kyocera Cyclops-K325 Kyocera Deco-E1000 Kyocera Domino Kyocera Dorado-KX13 Kyocera DuraCore Kyocera DuraForce Kyocera DuraForce Pro Kyocera DuraForce XD Kyocera DuraMax Kyocera DuraPlus Kyocera DuraPro Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraXE Kyocera DuraXT Kyocera DuraXTP Kyocera DuraXV Kyocera Echo Kyocera ENERGI-K490 Kyocera ENERGI-K493 Kyocera Event Kyocera Hydro Kyocera Hydro Air Kyocera Hydro Edge Kyocera Hydro Elite Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Life Kyocera Hydro REACH Kyocera Hydro Vibe Kyocera Hydro View Kyocera Hydro Wave Kyocera Hydro XTRM Kyocera K10 Royale Kyocera K132 Kyocera K322 Kyocera K323 Kyocera K342 Kyocera K404 Kyocera K822 Kyocera K9 Kyocera KE413 / KE414 Phantom Kyocera KE424C / KX424 Blade Kyocera KE433 / K7 Rave Kyocera Kona Kyocera KPC-650 Kyocera KPC650 EVDO PC Card Kyocera KPC680-ExpressCard Kyocera KX1-SOHO Kyocera KX12 Kyocera KX16-Candid Kyocera KX18-ANGEL Kyocera KX18-JET Kyocera KX2 Kyocera KX2-KOI Kyocera KX414 Phantom Kyocera KX433 / KX434 Rave Kyocera KX440 / KX444 Kyocera KX9A Kyocera Laylo M1400 Kyocera Lingo-M1000 Kyocera Loft S2300 Black Kyocera Luno Kyocera Mako-S4000 Black Kyocera Melo S1300 Kyocera Milan-KX9B / KX9C Kyocera Milano Kyocera Neo E1100 Kyocera Oystr-KX9d Kyocera Presto Kyocera Presto Kyocera QCP-2035 Kyocera QCP-3035 Kyocera QCP-6035 Kyocera Rally Kyocera Rio Kyocera Rise Kyocera S14-Opal Kyocera S2100 Black Kyocera SE47 / SE44 / V5 Slider Kyocera SE47 Slider Kyocera Slider-Remix-KX5 Kyocera Slider-Sonic Kyocera Strobe-K612B Kyocera Switch-Back Kyocera Tempo-E2000 Kyocera TNT Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torque Kyocera TorqueXT Kyocera Verve Kyocera Wild-Card Kyocera X-tc M2000 Kyocera Xcursion-KX160 LeapFrog Tic-Talk LeEco Le Pro3 LeEco Le S3 Lenovo Phab 2 Pro LG 221C LG 101 LG 1010 LG 108C LG 109C LG 1500 LG 200 LG 220C LG 231C LG 235C LG 236C LG 237C LG 238C LG 290c LG 305C LG 306G LG 306G LG 320G LG 329G LG 400G LG 4015 LG 4050 LG 410G LG 420G Black LG 440G Black LG 441G LG 442BG LG 450 LG 4NE1 LG 500G LG 505C LG 511C LG 5450 LG 600G LG 6190 LG 620G LG 800G LG 840G LG 900G LG A340 LG A380 LG A7110 LG Access LTE LG Accolade LG Ally LG Apex LG Arena LG Aristo LG Aspire LG Attune LG AX-145 LG AX-245 LG AX-275 Silver LG AX-355 LG AX-390 LG AX-4270 LG AX-490 LG AX-8600 Silver LG AX155 LG AX300 LG AX4750 LG AX5000 / UX5000 LG AX565 LG AX8600 LG B470 LG Banter LG Banter Touch LG Beacon LG Beacon LG Bliss LG C1300i LG C2000 LG C900 LG CE110 LG CE500 LG CF360 LG CG180 LG CG225 LG CG300 LG Chocolate 3 LG Chocolate Touch LG Chocolate VX8550 LG Chocolate White LG Classic LG Clout LG Connect 4G LG Connect 4G LG Converse LG Cosmos LG Cosmos 2 LG Cosmos 2 Black LG Cosmos 3 LG Cosmos Touch LG CP150 LG CU320 LG CU400 LG CU500 LG CU500v LG CU515 LG Dare LG Decoy LG Destiny LG dLite LG Doubleplay LG Enact LG Encore LG Enlighten LG enV Touch LG enV VX11000 LG enV VX9900 LG enV-VX-9900 LG enV2 LG enV3 LG Envoy LG Envoy II LG Escape LG Escape 2 LG Esteem LG Esteem LG Exalt LG Exceed Black LG Exchange LG eXpo LG Extravert LG Extravert 2 LG F7200 LG F9100 LG F9200 LG Fathom LG Flare LG Freedom LG Fusic-LX550 LG G Flex LG G Flex 2 LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad 8.3 Google Play edition LG G Pad F7.0 LG G Pad X 8.0 LG G Pro 2 LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G Vista 2 LG G Watch LG G Watch R LG G2 LG G3 LG G3 Vigor LG G4 LG G4010 / G4011 LG G4020 LG G5 LG G6 LG Genesis LG Glance LG Glimmer LG GM730 LG GS170 LG GU295 LG Harmony LG HB620T LG Helix UX310 Orange LG Ignite LG Imprint LG INCITE LG Intuition LG Intuition LG Invision LG K10 LG K20 plus LG K3 LG K4 LG K7 LG K8 V LG KE850-Prada LG KE970-Shine LG KF900-Prada LG KP265 LG KP500 Cookie LG KU990-Viewty LG L1150 / L1100 LG L1200 LG L1400 LG L1400i LG L34C LG L35G SIM4 LG L39C LG Lancet LG Leon LTE LG LG 530G LG LG-AX-140 LG Lotus LG Lotus Elite LG Lucid LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 3 LG Lucky LG LX-150 LG LX-5550 / VX-5550 LG LX1200 LG LX150 LG LX160 LG LX290 LG LX350 LG LX350 LG LX370 LG LX400 LG LX400 LG LX535 LG LX5350 LG LX550 LG Lyric LG M4410 LG Mach LG Marquee LG Migo LG Migo (sm) LG MM-535 LG Motion 4G LG Motion 4G LG Muziq LX570 LG Muziq-LX-570 Black LG Mystique LG Neon LG Neon II LG Nexus 5X LG Nitro HD LG Octane LG Optimus 2X LG Optimus 4X HD LG Optimus Black LG Optimus C LG Optimus Dynamic LG Optimus Dynamic II LG Optimus Elite LG Optimus Exceed 2 LG Optimus Extreme LG Optimus F3 LG Optimus F3Q LG Optimus F5 LG Optimus F6 LG Optimus F7 LG Optimus Fuel LG Optimus G LG Optimus G Pro LG Optimus L70 LG Optimus L9 LG Optimus L90 LG Optimus Logic LG Optimus M LG Optimus M LG Optimus M Plus LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus Net LG Optimus Plus LG Optimus Q LG Optimus Regard LG Optimus S LG Optimus S Purple LG Optimus SHOWTIME LG Optimus Slider LG Optimus U LG Optimus Ultimate LG Optimus V LG Optimus V LG Optimus Zip LG Optimus Zone LG Optimus Zone 2 LG Optimus Zone 3 LG Phoenix LG Phoenix 2 LG Phoenix 3 LG PM-225 LG PM-225 LG PM-325 LG Power L22C LG Premier LG Prestige LG Prime LG Quantum LG Realm LG Realm Black LG Rebel LG Remarq LG Renoir-KC910 LG Revere LG Revere LG Revere 2 LG Revere 3 LG Revolution LG Rhythm LG Risio LG Rumor LG Rumor 2 LG Rumor Black LG Rumor Reflex LG Rumor Reflex S LG Rumor Touch LG Saber LG Scoop LG Select LG Sentio LG Shine CU720 LG Shine II LG Shine-CU720 LG Spirit LG Spirit 4G LG Splendor LG Spree LG Spyder 830 LG Star Black LG Stylo 2 LG Stylo 2 PLUS LG Stylo 2 V LG Stylo 3 LG Sunrise LG Sunset LG Swift LG Thrive LG TM-220 LG TM-510 LG TP-1100 LG TP-5200 LG TP-5250 LG Transpyre LG Trax-CU575 LG Treasure LTE LG Tribute LG Tribute 2 LG Tribute 5 LG Tribute HD LG Tritan LG U8150 LG Ultimate 2 LG UX-210 LG UX-245 LG UX-355 LG UX-390 LG UX220 LG UX4750 LG V10 LG V20 LG Venice LG Venus LG Versa LG VI-125 LG VI-125 LG VI-5225 LG VI5225 / 5400A LG Viper LG VL600 4G USB Modem LG Volt LG Volt 2 LG Vortex LG Voyager LG Vu CU915 LG Vu CU920 LG Vu Plus LG VX-1 / TM-520 LG VX-10 LG VX-2000 LG VX-3100 / 3100A / TM250 LG VX-3200 LG VX-3450 LG VX-4100 LG VX-4270 LG VX-4400 LG VX-4500 LG VX-4600 LG VX-4700 LG VX-5200 LG VX-5200 LG VX-5400 LG VX-6000 LG VX-6100 LG VX-7000 LG VX-8000 LG VX-8100 LG VX-8300 LG VX-8350 LG VX-8500-Chocolate LG VX-8550-Chocolate Black LG VX-8600 LG VX-8700 LG VX-9000 LG VX-9400 LG VX-9800 LG VX3100 LG VX3300 LG VX3300 LG VX3400 LG VX3400 LG VX3450 LG VX3450L LG VX4400 LG VX4500 LG VX4650 LG VX5200 LG VX5300 LG VX5400 LG VX5500 LG VX7000 LG VX8000 LG VX8300 LG VX8350 LG VX8350 Red LG VX8360 LG VX8600 LG VX9800 LG Watch Urbane LG Wave-AX380 LG Wine II UN430 Titanium Gray LG X Power LG X Style LG Xenon LG Xpression LG Xpression 2 LG Xpression 2 Blue LG100C LG200C LG225 LG300G LG400G LG501C LG620G LG900G Linksys Hi Port Router Lucid 3 by LG Mach Speed Trio Stealth G4 Mach Speed Trio Stealth Pro Mach Speed Trio Stealth Pro G2 MEEP Children's Android Tablet Meizu M2 Note Meta M1 MW4003 Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 650 Microsoft Lumia 735 Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL MiFi 2200 Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot by Novatel Wireless MiFi 500 LTE by Novatel Wireless MiTAC MIO-8380 MiTAC MIO-8390 Mitsubishi G310 Mitsubishi G360 Mitsubishi G410 Mitsubishi M900/M430i Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm Moto 360 Sport Moto C Plus Moto E3 Moto G4 Moto G4 Play Moto G4 Plus Moto G5 Moto G5 Plus Moto Z Force Moto Z Play Motorola HOLLYWOOD/ E815 Motorola 2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Dale-Jarrett Motorola 388C Motorola 408 Motorola A009 Motorola A1200 Ming Motorola A1200/MING Black Motorola A388 Motorola A6288 Motorola A630 Motorola A630 Motorola A668 Motorola A780 Motorola A810 Motorola A830 Motorola A835 Motorola A840 Motorola A845 Motorola A855 Motorola A920 Motorola Admiral Motorola Adventure V750 Motorola Atrix 2 Motorola Atrix 4G Motorola Atrix HD Motorola AURA Motorola Backflip Motorola Barrage Motorola Bravo Motorola Brute i680 Motorola Buzz ic502 Motorola Buzz-ic502 Black Motorola C139 Motorola C155 Motorola C168i Motorola C186i Motorola C250 / C256 Motorola C261 Motorola C290 Motorola C331T Motorola C332 / C331G / C333 Motorola C343 / C343A / C341 Motorola C350G / C353 / C359 GSM Motorola C353T Motorola C370 / C450 Motorola C380 Motorola C381p Motorola C650 Motorola Charm Motorola Citrus Motorola CLIQ Motorola CLIQ 2 Motorola CLIQ XT Motorola Clutch i465 Motorola Clutch Plus i475 Motorola Crush Motorola Debut i856 Motorola Defy Motorola Defy XT Motorola Devour Motorola DROID MAXX Motorola DROID Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Mini Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Motorola DROID TURBO Black Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Droid Xyboard 10.1 Motorola Droid Xyboard 8.2 Motorola e1000 Motorola E310 Motorola E380 Motorola E398 Motorola E680 Motorola E815 Motorola Electrify Motorola Electrify 2 Motorola Electrify M Motorola EM326g Motorola EM330 Motorola Entice Motorola Evoke Motorola EX124G Motorola EX431G Motorola Flipout Motorola Flipside Motorola Grasp Motorola Heron Motorola Hint QA30 Motorola Hollywood-E816 Black Motorola i1 Motorola I2000PLUS Motorola i205 Motorola i215 Motorola i265 Motorola i275 Motorola i285 Motorola i290 Motorola i296 Black Motorola i305 Motorola I30SX Motorola i315 Motorola i325 Motorola i335 Motorola i355 Motorola I35S Motorola i365 Motorola i415 Motorola i425 Motorola i450 Motorola I50SX Motorola i530 Motorola i530b Motorola i530y Motorola i530y Motorola I55SR / I58SR Motorola i560 Motorola i570 Motorola i576 Motorola i580 Motorola i605 Motorola i605 Motorola I60C Motorola i670 Motorola i710 Motorola i710 Motorola i720 Motorola i730 / i733 Motorola i736-2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Jeff-Gordon Motorola i736-2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Tony-Stewart Motorola i760 Motorola i776 Motorola i776W Motorola I80S Motorola i830 Motorola i830 Silver Motorola i835 Motorola i836 Motorola i850 Motorola i855 Motorola I85S / I88S Motorola i860 Motorola i870 Motorola i880 Motorola i880 Motorola i885 Motorola i886 Motorola i890 Motorola I90C Motorola i920 Motorola i930 Motorola I95CL / I99CL Motorola ic402-Blend Motorola ic602-Buzz Motorola ic902 Motorola Karma QA1 Motorola Krave ZN4 Motorola KRZR-K1 Cosmic Blue Motorola KRZR-K1m Motorola L2 Motorola L6 Motorola Luge Motorola Luge Black Motorola Milestone 3 Motorola Milestone Plus Motorola Moto 360 Motorola Moto E (1st Gen) Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto E Black Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (2nd Gen.) Black Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Motorola Moto G 4G LTE Motorola Moto G Play Motorola MOTO VE66 Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2014) Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen.) Black Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Pure Motorola Moto Z Motorola MOTO Z10 Motorola MOTO ZN200 Motorola MOTO-ACTV-W450 Yellow Motorola MOTOMING-A1600 Motorola MOTOMING-A1800 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM25 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM28 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM30 Motorola MPx Motorola MPX100 Motorola MPX200 Motorola MPX220 Motorola PEBL Motorola PEBL Motorola PHOTON 4G Motorola Photon Q Motorola Q Motorola Q-11 Motorola Q9 Motorola Q9c Motorola Q9h-Global Motorola Q9m Motorola Quantico W845 Motorola Rapture VU30 Motorola Razr V3 Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana Motorola RAZR V3m Motorola RAZR VE20 Motorola RAZR-maxx-Ve Motorola RAZR-V3 Silver Motorola RAZR-V3a Motorola RAZR-V3c Motorola RAZR-V3i Motorola RAZR-V3m Motorola RAZR-V3r Fire Red Motorola RAZR-V3s Motorola RAZR-V3t Black Motorola RAZR-V3x Dark Blue Motorola RAZR-V3xx Grey Motorola RAZR2 V9m Motorola RAZR2-V8 Motorola RAZR2-V9 Motorola RAZR2-V9x Black Motorola Renegade V950 Motorola Renew Motorola Rival Motorola RIZR Z3 Motorola RIZR-Z3 Black Motorola RIZR-Z6c Motorola RIZR-Z6tv Motorola RIZR-Z8 Motorola ROKR E8 Motorola ROKR EM35 Motorola ROKR U9 Motorola ROKR Z6 Motorola ROKR-E1 Motorola ROKR-E2 Motorola ROKR-E6 Motorola ROKR-Z6 Black Motorola ROKR-Z6m Motorola Roxy-i830 Motorola Sidekick-Slide Motorola SLVR-L7 Motorola SLVR-L7c Black Motorola SLVR-L7e Motorola SLVR-L7i Motorola SLVR-L9 Motorola Stature i9 Motorola Surf A3100 Motorola T191 Motorola T280I Motorola T300P Motorola T720 / T721 Motorola T720I / T722I GSM Motorola T722i Motorola T725E Motorola T730 / T731C Motorola TALKABOUT-T193 / T193M Motorola Theory Motorola TIMEPORT P7382I Motorola TIMEPORT-270C Motorola TIMEPORT-P280 Motorola Titanium Motorola Triumph Motorola Tundra Motorola U9 Black Motorola v100 Motorola v120C Motorola v120e Motorola v120T Motorola v120X Motorola V171 Motorola V173 Motorola V176 Motorola V177 Motorola v180 Motorola V188 Motorola V190 Motorola V195 Motorola V195 Motorola v200 Motorola v220 Motorola V226 Motorola V235 Motorola V260 Motorola V260 / V262 Motorola v265 Motorola V266 Motorola V276 Motorola v300 Motorola v323 Motorola V325 Motorola V330 Motorola V360 Motorola V365 Motorola V3a Fire red Motorola v400 Motorola V400p Motorola v500 / v525 / v505 Motorola v535 / v545 / v550 / e550 Motorola V540 Motorola V551 Motorola V555 Motorola V557 Motorola v600 Motorola V600 Motorola v60C Motorola v60G Motorola v60I-TDMA / v60TI Motorola v60P / v60S Motorola v60T Motorola v60V Motorola V60X Motorola v620 Motorola v635 Motorola V65p Motorola v66 Motorola v66I Motorola v690 Motorola v70 Motorola v710 Motorola v80 Motorola v810 Motorola V872 Motorola v878 Motorola V980 Motorola VE240 Motorola VE465 Motorola VE75 Black Motorola VU204 Motorola W160 Motorola W175 Motorola W180 Motorola W206 Motorola W213 Motorola W230 Motorola W270 Motorola W315 Black Motorola W370 Motorola W375 Motorola W375g Motorola W376g Motorola W380 Motorola W385 Motorola W395 Motorola W408g Motorola W409G Motorola W418G Motorola W419G Black Motorola W490 Motorola W490 Motorola W510 Motorola W510 Motorola W755 Motorola XOOM Motorola XPRT Motorola Z6w Motorola Z9 Motorola Zine ZN5 myTouch 4G NEC 232E NEC 515 NEC 525 NEC 535 NEC Terrain Neonode Freerunner Neonode N1 Neonode N2 Netgear 341U USB Modem Netgear Mingle Mobile Hotspot NETGEAR Unite Netgear Zing NETGEAR Zing Netgear Zing Mobile Hotspot Nextbit Robin NextBook NEXT 10P12 9.7 inch Nexus S 4G Nexus S from Google Nixxo NXG-7300 Nixxo NXG-9230 Nokia 1006 Nokia 1100 Nokia 1101 Nokia 1108 Apple Silver Nokia 1110 Nokia 1208 Nokia 1208 Nokia 1221 Nokia 1260 / 1261 Nokia 1600 Nokia 1606 Nokia 1616 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1680 Nokia 2115i/2116i Nokia 2125i/2126i/2128i Nokia 2128 Nokia 2135 Nokia 216 Nokia 2260 Nokia 2270 Nokia 2285 / 2275 Nokia 2330 Nokia 2365i Nokia 2366i Nokia 2600 Nokia 2608 Nokia 2610 Nokia 2630 Nokia 2650 Nokia 2651 Nokia 2680 Nokia 2700 Classic Nokia 2855 Nokia 2865 Nokia 3100 Nokia 3108 Nokia 3120 Blue Nokia 3128 Nokia 3155i / VI3155 Nokia 3200 Nokia 3205 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3230 Nokia 3250 Black Nokia 3285 Nokia 3300 Nokia 3360 / 3361 Nokia 3390 Nokia 3395 Nokia 3500-classic Nokia 3555 Nokia 3560 Nokia 3570 Nokia 3585 / 3585I Nokia 3586I / 3588I Nokia 3588i Nokia 3589I / 3587I Nokia 3590 Nokia 3595 Nokia 3600 Nokia 3600-Slide Wine Nokia 3606 Nokia 3610 Nokia 3620 Nokia 3650 Nokia 3660 Nokia 3660 Nokia 3711 Nokia 5100 Nokia 5130 Nokia 5140 Nokia 5165 Nokia 5185I Nokia 5220-XpressMusic Nokia 5300 Red Nokia 5310 XpressMusic Nokia 5320-XpressMusic Nokia 5500-Sport Nokia 5530 XpressMusic Black Nokia 5610 Nokia 5630 XpressMusic Red Nokia 5700-XpressMusic Nokia 5800-XpressMusic Blue Nokia 6010 Nokia 6015i Nokia 6015i Nokia 6016i Nokia 6020 Nokia 6021 Nokia 6030 Nokia 6030 Nokia 6060 Nokia 6061 Nokia 6085 Nokia 6086 Nokia 6100 Nokia 6101 Nokia 6101/6102 Nokia 6102i Nokia 6103 Nokia 6108 Nokia 6110 Nokia 6111 Nokia 6120-classic Nokia 6121-classic Nokia 6125 Nokia 6126 Nokia 6131 Nokia 6133 Nokia 6133 Nokia 6136 Nokia 6155i Nokia 6165i Nokia 6165i Nokia 6170 Nokia 6200 Nokia 6205 Nokia 6215i Nokia 6215i Nokia 6220 Nokia 6225 / PM6225 Nokia 6230 Nokia 6230i Nokia 6233 Black Nokia 6235i/6236i Nokia 6255i Nokia 6256i Nokia 6260 Nokia 6260 slide Black Nokia 6263 Nokia 6265 Nokia 6267 Nokia 6270 Mist Blue Nokia 6275i Nokia 6280 Grey Nokia 6282 Nokia 6290 Nokia 6300 Nokia 6301 Nokia 6303 Classic Silver Nokia 6305i Nokia 6310I Nokia 6315i Nokia 6340 Nokia 6340I Nokia 6350 Nokia 6360 Nokia 6370 Nokia 6385 Nokia 6500-Slide Nokia 6555 Nokia 6560 Nokia 6585 Nokia 6590 / 6590I Nokia 6600 Nokia 6600-fold Nokia 6600-Slide Nokia 6610 Nokia 6610I Nokia 6620 Nokia 6630 Nokia 6650 Nokia 6651 Nokia 6670 Nokia 6680 Nokia 6682/6681 Nokia 6700 Classic Sliver Nokia 6708 Nokia 6800 Nokia 6800 Nokia 6810 Nokia 6820/6820i Nokia 6822 Nokia 7160 Nokia 7190 Nokia 7200 Nokia 7210 Nokia 7250 / 7250I Nokia 7260 Nokia 7270 Nokia 7280 Nokia 7360 White Amber Nokia 7370 Brown Nokia 7380 Nokia 7510 Nokia 7600 Nokia 7610 Nokia 7610 Supernova Nokia 7700 Nokia 7710 Nokia 7900-Prism Nokia 8260 Nokia 8265 / 8265I Nokia 8270 Nokia 8290 Nokia 8390 Nokia 8600-Luna Nokia 8800 / 8801 Nokia 8800 Arte Nokia 8890 Nokia 9290 Nokia 9300 Nokia 9300i Nokia 9500 Nokia Astound Nokia C6 White Nokia E50 Nokia E51 Nokia E55 Black Aluminium Nokia E61 Nokia E61i Nokia E62 Nokia E63 Ruby Red Nokia E65 Mocca Silver Nokia E66 Nokia E70 Nokia E71 Nokia E71x Nokia E72 Nokia E73 Mode Nokia E75 Red Nokia E90 Nokia Intrigue 7205 Silver Keypad Nokia Lumia 1020 Nokia Lumia 1320 Nokia Lumia 1520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Red Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia Lumia 520 Black Nokia Lumia 521 Nokia Lumia 530 Nokia Lumia 620 Cyan Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 635 Nokia Lumia 710 Nokia Lumia 800 Magenta Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 820 Nokia Lumia 822 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 900 Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia Lumia 925 Nokia Lumia 928 Nokia Lumia Icon Nokia Mirage 2605 Nokia Mural Nokia N-Gage Nokia N-GAGE QD Nokia N1 Nokia N70 Nokia n71 Nokia N72 Nokia N73 Nokia N73 Deep Plum Silver Nokia N75 Nokia N76 Red Nokia N78 Nokia N79 Nokia N8 Black Nokia N80 Nokia N81-8GB Nokia N810 Silver Nokia N810 WiMax edition Nokia N82 Nokia N85 Nokia N86 Black Nokia N90 Nokia N900 Nokia N91 Light Chrome Nokia N93 Nokia N95 Nokia N95 8GB Nokia N96 Nokia N97 Nokia N97 Mini Nokia NGage Nokia Nuron 5230 Nokia Nuron 5230 Nokia Shade 2705 Nokia Shorty Nokia Supernova-7210 Nokia Supernova-7310 Nokia Supernova-7510 Nokia Surge Nokia Tiger White Nokia Twist 7705 Nokia VI-3155 Nokia X2 Nokia X2 Novatel Broadband2Go Novatel EX720 Express PC Card Novatel EX720 ExpressCard Novatel Merlin C777 Novatel Merlin S620 Novatel MiFi 5580 Novatel MiFi Liberate Novatel Ovation U727 Novatel Ovation U760 Novatel Ovation-U727 Novatel S720 Novatel S720-Wireless-PC-Card Novatel U720 PC/Mac Card Novatel U760 Novatel USB1000 Global Modem Novatel USB720 Novatel USB727-Modem Novatel V620 EVDO PC Card Novatel V620-EV-DO-PC-card Novatel V640 PC/Mac USB Broadband Card Novatel V640-PC-Card Novatel V740 Express Card Novatel V740 PC/Mac Wireless Broadband Card o2 XDA Ignito o2 XDA-Stealth OnePlus 2 OnePlus 3 OnePlus 3T OnePlus One OnePlus One OnePlus X Oppo N1 Option GT-Max-3.6-Express Option GT-Max-Wireless-Card Option GT-Ultra Option GT-Ultra-Express Overdrive 3G 4G Mobile Hotspot Palm 680 Palm 700p Palm 700w-CDMA Palm 700wx Palm 750 Palm 755p Blue Palm Centro Palm M500 Palm Pixi Palm Pixi Plus Palm Pre Palm Pre Plus Palm Pro Palm Treo 650 Palm Treo 700wx Palm Treo 800w Palm Treo Pro Palm TREO-180 Palm Treo-270 Palm TREO-300 Palm TREO-600-GSM Palm TREO-650 Panasonic ALLURE-EB-TX310 Panasonic DURAMAX-EB-TX220 Panasonic G50 / G51 Panasonic G51U Panasonic G60U Panasonic G70 Panasonic GD55 / A100 Panasonic GD87 / GU87 Panasonic VERSIO-EB-TX320 Panasonic VS7 Panasonic X11 Panasonic X300 Panasonic X500 Panasonic X70 Panasonic X700 Panasonic X800 Pantech Breakout Pantech Breeze II Pantech Breeze III Pantech Breeze IV Black Pantech Breeze-C520 Pantech Burst Pantech C150 Pantech C3b Pantech C610 Pantech C630 Pantech Caper Pantech CDM-180 Pantech CDM8635 Pantech Crossover Pantech Crux Pantech Discover Pantech Duo-C810 Pantech Ease Pantech Element Pantech Flex Pantech Hero/PN-8300 Pantech Hotshot Pantech Impact Pantech Jest Pantech Jest 2 Pantech Laser Pantech Link Pantech Link II Pantech Marauder Pantech Matrix Pantech Matrix Pro Pantech Ocean Pantech Ocean 2 Pantech P7040p Pantech Perception Pantech Perception Pantech PG-8000 Pantech PG-C120 Pantech PG-C300 Pantech PN-215 Pantech PN-218 Pantech PN-320 Pantech PN-3200 Pantech PN-820 Pantech Pocket Pantech Pursuit Pantech Pursuit II Pantech PX-500 Pantech Renue Pantech Renue Pantech Reveal Pantech Slate Pantech Snapper Pantech Swift Pantech UML290 4G USB Modem Pantech UML295 LTE USB Modem Pantech UMW190 Global USB Modem Pantech Vybe PCD CDM 8950 PCD CDM-8975 PCD Chaser PCD Escapade PCD Razzle PCD Sprint Phone Connect Black PCD TXTM8 PCD Venture Black Pebble Steel Black Phone Connect 3 Plum Might Z513 Polaroid A4 Polaroid A5 Polaroid A6 Que 4.5 Que 5.0 REEF RIM BlackBerry 6710 RIM BlackBerry 7100t RIM BlackBerry 7105t RIM BlackBerry 7130e RIM BlackBerry 7230 RIM BlackBerry 8700g Rugged CAT S50 S275G Sagem MY-X-5P Sagem my301L Samsung 4G Mobile Hotspot LC11 Samsung A157 Gray Samsung A177 Samsung A580 Samsung Access Samsung Acclaim SCH-r880 Samsung Admire Samsung Admire Samsung Alias 2 Samsung Array Samsung ATIV Odyssey Samsung ATIV S Neo Samsung ATIV SE Samsung Axle Samsung Beam Samsung Beat Samsung Beat DJ M7600 Samsung Beat-SGH-T539 Samsung Behold Samsung Behold II Samsung BlackJack II i617 Samsung Blackjack-2-SGH-617 Black Samsung BlackJack-SGH-i607 Samsung Blast-SGH-T729 Samsung Brightside Samsung Byline R310 Samsung Caliber SCH-r850 Samsung Captivate Samsung Captivate Glide Samsung Character Gray Samsung Chianti Samsung Chrono Samsung Chrono 2 Samsung Cobra M320-Burgundy Samsung Code Samsung Comeback Samsung Comment Samsung Comment 2 Samsung Conquer 4G Samsung Continuum Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Convoy Samsung Convoy 2 Samsung Convoy 3 Samsung Craft Samsung Craft SCH-r900 Samsung D415 Samsung D510 Samsung D900 Samsung Dart Samsung Dart Samsung Delve Samsung Diane-Von-Furstenberg-Mobile Samsung DoubleTime Samsung Drift Samsung E105 Samsung E315 Samsung E335 Samsung E350 Samsung E635 Samsung E715 Samsung Emporio-Armani-M7500 Samsung Entro Samsung Epic Samsung Epic 4G Touch Samsung Epix Samsung Eternity Samsung Eternity II Samsung Evergreen Samsung Exclaim Samsung Exec SCH-i225 Samsung Exhibit 4G Samsung Exhibit II 4G Samsung F110-Adidas-miCoach Samsung F700 Samsung Factor Samsung Fascinate Samsung Fin Samsung Finesse r810 Samsung Flight Samsung Flight II Samsung FlipShot-U900 Black Samsung Focus Samsung Focus 2 Samsung Focus Flash Samsung Focus S Samsung Freeform Samsung Freeform 4 Samsung Freeform 5 Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform M Samsung G800 Samsung Galaxy 4 mini White Samsung Galaxy A3 (2017) Samsung Galaxy A5 Samsung Galaxy A5 (2017) Samsung Galaxy A7 (2017) Samsung Galaxy Ace Samsung Galaxy Ace 3 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace Style Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Amp Samsung Galaxy Appeal Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Avant Samsung Galaxy Axiom Samsung Galaxy Centura Samsung Galaxy Core Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Samsung Galaxy Discover Samsung Galaxy E5 Samsung Galaxy Exhibit Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate Samsung Galaxy Express 3 Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone Samsung Galaxy Express Prime Samsung Galaxy Gear Samsung Galaxy Go Prime Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy i7500 Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy J1 Ace Samsung Galaxy J1 LTE Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Samsung Galaxy J2 Samsung Galaxy J2 Prime Samsung Galaxy J3 (2016) Samsung Galaxy J3 Emerge Samsung Galaxy J3 V Samsung Galaxy J5 Samsung Galaxy J7 Samsung Galaxy J7 Perx Samsung Galaxy K zoom Samsung Galaxy Legend Samsung Galaxy Light Samsung Galaxy Luna Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 5.8 Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Samsung Galaxy Metrix 4G Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Samsung Galaxy Note 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Samsung Galaxy Note II Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Note5 Samsung Galaxy Note7 Samsung Galaxy On5 Samsung Galaxy Precedent Samsung Galaxy Premier Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 White Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Reverb Samsung Galaxy Ring Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro Samsung Galaxy Rush Samsung Galaxy S 4 zoom Samsung Galaxy S 4G Samsung Galaxy S Aviator Samsung Galaxy S Blaze Samsung Galaxy S II Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket HD Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy S III Mini Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Samsung Galaxy S WiFi 4.2 White Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung Galaxy S7 Active Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Samsung Galaxy S8 Samsung Galaxy S8 Active Samsung Galaxy S8+ Samsung Galaxy Sky Samsung Galaxy Stardust Samsung Galaxy Stellar Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II Samsung Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 7.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S White Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Tab4 7.0 White Samsung Galaxy TabPRO Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy View Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear Live Samsung Gear S Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gear S3 Classic Samsung Gear S3 Frontier Samsung Gem Samsung Gleam-U700 Samsung Glint Pink Samsung Gloss SCH-U440 Samsung Glyde Samsung Gravity 2 Samsung Gravity 3 Samsung Gravity Q Samsung Gravity SMART Samsung Gravity T Samsung Gravity TXT Samsung GT2 Samsung Gusto Samsung Gusto 2 Samsung Gusto 3 Samsung Gusto 3 Blue Samsung Haven Samsung Heat Samsung Highlight Samsung Highlight T749 Ice Samsung Highnote Samsung Hue II Samsung i400 Samsung i740 Samsung i8510 Samsung i900-Omnia Samsung Illusion Samsung Impact Samsung Impression Samsung Indulge Samsung Infinity Samsung Infuse 4G Samsung Instinct Samsung Instinct HD Samsung Instinct S30 Samsung Instinct s30 Touch of Copper Samsung Intensity Samsung Intensity II Samsung Intensity III Samsung Intercept Samsung Intrepid Samsung IP-830w Samsung IP-A790 Samsung Jack Samsung JetSet-R550 Samsung Jitterbug-SPH-A110 Samsung Katalyst T739 Samsung Katalyst-SGH-T739 Samsung Knack U310 Samsung LTE MiFi Samsung LTE Mobile HotSpot Pro Samsung Lucello Samsung M140 Samsung M220 Samsung M240 Samsung M300 Samsung M3200-Beat-S Samsung M330 Samsung M370 Samsung M400 Samsung M500 Samsung M510 Samsung M510 Pink Samsung M520 Samsung M575 Samsung M610 Samsung Magnet Samsung Mantra M340 Samsung Memoir Samsung Mesmerize Samsung Messager II R560 Samsung Messager III Samsung Messager R450 Samsung Messager Touch SCH-r630 Blue Samsung Mirage-i907 Samsung MM-A700 Samsung MM-A800 Samsung MM-A880 Samsung MM-A900 Samsung MM-A920 Samsung MM-A920 Samsung MM-A940 Samsung Moment Samsung Mondi WiMAX SWD-M100 Samsung Montage Samsung Muse Samsung MyShot Samsung MyShot II R460 Samsung Mysto Samsung Mythic Samsung Omnia Samsung Omnia HD i8910 Samsung Omnia II Samsung P300 Samsung Pivot Samsung Pixon-M8800 Samsung PM-A740 Samsung PM-A840 Samsung Precedent Samsung Profile Samsung Propel Samsung Propel Pro Samsung R225m Samsung R335C Samsung R375C Samsung R451C Samsung R455C Samsung Rant Samsung Reality Samsung Reclaim Samsung Renown Samsung Replenish Samsung Repp Samsung Restore Samsung Rogue Samsung Rugby Samsung Rugby 4 Samsung Rugby II Samsung Rugby III Samsung Rugby Smart Samsung S125 Black Samsung S150G Black Samsung S275G Samsung S336C Samsung S380C Samsung S390G Samsung S425G Samsung Saga Samsung SCH r451c Samsung SCH-A220 Samsung SCH-A310 Samsung SCH-A530 Samsung SCH-A570 Samsung SCH-A610 Samsung SCH-A630 Samsung SCH-a645 Samsung SCH-A650 Samsung SCH-A670 Samsung SCH-A690 Samsung SCH-A770 Samsung SCH-A790 Samsung SCH-A850 Samsung SCH-A870 Samsung SCH-A890 Samsung SCH-A930 Samsung SCH-A950 Samsung SCH-A970 Samsung SCH-A990 Samsung SCH-I600 / SP-I600 Samsung SCH-i730 Samsung SCH-i760 Samsung SCH-i830 Samsung SCH-N150 Samsung SCH-N330 Samsung SCH-N370 Samsung SCH-R200 Samsung SCH-R300 Samsung SCH-R400 Samsung SCH-R410 Samsung SCH-r470 Red Samsung SCH-r500 Hue Samsung SCH-R610 Samsung SCH-T300 Samsung SCH-U340 Samsung SCH-U340-Snap Samsung SCH-U410 Samsung SCH-U420 Samsung SCH-u430 Black Samsung SCH-U470-Juke Navy Samsung SCH-U520 Samsung SCH-U540 Samsung SCH-U550 Samsung SCH-U620 Samsung SCH-U740 Samsung SCH-U740 Alias Samsung Seek Samsung SGH A237-Blue Samsung SGH A777 Blue Samsung SGH T429 Samsung SGH-A107 Samsung SGH-a127 Samsung SGH-A137 Samsung SGH-A167 Samsung SGH-A187 Blue Samsung SGH-A197 Black Samsung SGH-A226 Samsung SGH-A227 Samsung SGH-A437 Red Samsung SGH-A517 Samsung SGH-A637 Samsung SGH-a657 Samsung SGH-A717 Samsung SGH-A727 Samsung SGH-A736 Samsung SGH-A737 Blue Samsung SGH-C207 Samsung SGH-C225 Samsung SGH-C416 Black Samsung SGH-C417 Grey Samsung SGH-D100 Samsung SGH-D307 Samsung SGH-D357 Samsung SGH-D407 Samsung SGH-D415 / SGH-D410 Samsung SGH-D500 Samsung SGH-D520 Samsung SGH-D600 Samsung SGH-D700 Samsung SGH-D720 Samsung SGH-d800 Samsung SGH-D806 Black Samsung SGH-D807 Grey Samsung SGH-D820 Samsung SGH-D840 Samsung SGH-D900 Samsung SGH-E105 Samsung SGH-E315 Samsung SGH-E316 / SGH-E317 Samsung SGH-E335 Samsung SGH-E360 Samsung SGH-E400 Samsung SGH-E600 Samsung SGH-E610 Samsung SGH-E630 Samsung SGH-E635 Samsung SGH-E640 Samsung SGH-E715 Samsung SGH-E720 Samsung SGH-E730 Samsung SGH-E760 Samsung SGH-E770 Samsung SGH-E840 Samsung SGH-E870 Samsung SGH-E880 Samsung SGH-E900 Samsung SGH-i250 Samsung SGH-i300 Samsung SGH-i320 Samsung SGH-I505 / SGH-I500 Samsung SGH-I700 Samsung SGH-N105 Samsung SGH-N625 Samsung SGH-P100 Samsung SGH-P107 Samsung SGH-P207 Samsung SGH-P400 / SGH-P408 Samsung SGH-P500 Samsung SGH-P705 Samsung SGH-P716 / SGH-P710 Samsung SGH-P735 / SGH-P730 Samsung SGH-P777 Samsung SGH-P850 Samsung SGH-Q105 Samsung SGH-R225 / SGH-R225M Samsung SGH-S105 / SGH-S100 Samsung SGH-S200 Samsung SGH-S300 / SGH-S300M Samsung SGH-S307 Samsung SGH-T101G Samsung SGH-T139 Samsung SGH-T199 Samsung SGH-T201G Samsung SGH-T209 Red Samsung SGH-T219 Chocolate Samsung SGH-T229 Samsung SGH-T239 Maroon Samsung SGH-T249 Blue Samsung SGH-T259 Samsung SGH-T301G Samsung SGH-t309 Samsung SGH-t319 Samsung SGH-t349 Samsung SGH-T369 Samsung SGH-T409 Samsung SGH-T439 Samsung SGH-T509 Silver Samsung SGH-T509s Plum Samsung SGH-T519 Trace Samsung SGH-T609 Samsung SGH-T619 Samsung SGH-T629 Samsung SGH-T639 Samsung SGH-t659 Samsung SGH-T709 Samsung SGH-T719 Samsung SGH-T809 Samsung SGH-t819 Samsung SGH-V100 Samsung SGH-V205 / V200 / V206 Samsung SGH-X105 Samsung SGH-X400 Samsung SGH-X426 / SGH-X427 Samsung SGH-X450 Samsung SGH-X475 Samsung SGH-X480 Samsung SGH-X495 Samsung SGH-X496 Samsung SGH-X497 Samsung SGH-X506 Samsung SGH-X507 Samsung SGH-X640 Grey Samsung SGH-X660 Samsung SGH-X820 Samsung SGH-X830 Black Samsung SGH-ZX10 Samsung SGH-ZX20 Samsung Showcase Samsung Sidekick 4G Samsung Slash Samsung SLM-SGH-A747 Blue Samsung Smiley Samsung Smooth Samsung Socializer B3310 Pink Samsung Solstice Samsung Solstice II Samsung SP-i600 Samsung SPH-A250 Samsung SPH-A400 Samsung SPH-A420 Samsung SPH-A460 Samsung SPH-A500 Samsung SPH-A520 Samsung SPH-A540 Samsung SPH-A560 Samsung SPH-A580 Samsung SPH-A600 Samsung SPH-A620 / VGA1000 Samsung SPH-A640 Samsung SPH-A660 / VI660 Samsung SPH-A680 / VM-A680 Samsung SPH-A740 Samsung SPH-A760 Samsung SPH-A820 Samsung SPH-A860 Samsung SPH-A960 Samsung SPH-I300 Samsung SPH-i325-Ace Samsung SPH-I330 Samsung SPH-I500 Samsung SPH-I550 Samsung SPH-I700 Samsung SPH-M300 Silver Samsung SPH-M500 Red Samsung SPH-M610 Samsung SPH-N200 Samsung SPH-N240 Samsung SPH-N270 Matrix Samsung SPH-N290 Samsung SPH-N400 Samsung SPH-P9000 Samsung SPH-S100 Samsung SPH-Z400 Samsung SPH/SCH-N300 Samsung Stratosphere Samsung Stratosphere II Black Samsung Stride R335 Samsung Strike T459 Lime Samsung Stripe T329 Samsung Stripe-SGH-T329 Black Samsung Strive Samsung Stunt Samsung Suede Samsung Sunburst Samsung Sway Samsung SYNC-SGH-A707 Samsung T105G Black Samsung T109 Samsung T119 Samsung T139 Samsung T159 Samsung T201G Samsung T209 Samsung T219 Samsung T245G Gray Samsung T309 Samsung T319 Samsung T339 Samsung T369 Samsung T401G Samsung T404G Samsung T439 Samsung T509 Samsung T519 Trace Samsung T528G Samsung T609 Samsung T619 Samsung T629 Samsung T719 Samsung T809 Samsung Tocco T919 Samsung Trance Samsung Transfix SCH-R730 Samsung Transform Samsung Transform Ultra Samsung Trender Samsung Trill SCH-r520 Samsung Trinity Samsung U370 Black Samsung U430 Samsung Ultra Touch S8300 Samsung Upstage M620 Samsung UpStage-M620 Samsung VI660 Samsung Vibrant Samsung Vitality Samsung Wafer-R510 Samsung Wave S8500 Samsung X495 Samsung Z500 Samsung Z510 Samsung Z540 Samsung Z700 Samsung Zeal Sanyo 7050 Sanyo 8400 Sanyo Incognito Sanyo Innuendo Sanyo Innuendo by Kyocera Sanyo Juno SCP2700 Deep Blue Sanyo Katana Sanyo Katana Blue Sanyo Katana DLX Sanyo Katana Eclipse Sanyo Katana Eclipse X Sanyo Katana II Sanyo Katana LX Sanyo Katana-DLX Champagne Sanyo Katana-II Cosmic Black Sanyo M1 Sanyo M1 Sanyo Mirro SCP3810 Sanyo MM-5600 Sanyo MM-7500 Sanyo MM-8300 Sanyo MM-8300 Red Sanyo MM-9000 Sanyo MM7400 Sanyo MVP Sanyo PM8200 / SCP-8200 Sanyo PRO-200 Sanyo RL-4930 Sanyo RL4920 Sanyo S1 Sanyo SCP-200 Pink Sanyo SCP-2400 Sanyo SCP-2400 Misty Rose Sanyo SCP-2700 Sanyo SCP-3100 Sanyo SCP-3100 Pure Silver Sanyo SCP-3200 Sanyo SCP-3200 Black Sanyo SCP-3810 Sanyo SCP-4700 Sanyo SCP-4900 Sanyo SCP-5150 Sanyo SCP-5300 Sanyo SCP-5400 / RL2500 Sanyo SCP-5500 / VM4500 Sanyo SCP-6000 Sanyo SCP-6200 Sanyo SCP-6400 Sanyo SCP-7000 Black Sanyo SCP-7050 Sanyo SCP-7200 / RL2000 Sanyo SCP-7300 / RL7300 Sanyo SCP-8100 Sanyo SCP-8400 Midnight Black Sanyo Taho by Kyocera Sanyo Vero by Kyocera Sanyo VI-2300 Pink Sanyo Zio Saygus V2 Sendo M551 Sendo S-251 Sendo X Sendo Z100 Sharp 903 Sharp Aquos Crystal Sharp Aquos Crystal White Sharp FX Sharp FX PLUS Sharp GX-10 / GX-10I Sharp GX-15 / GZ100 Sharp GX-20 / GX-22 Sharp GX-25 Sharp GX-30 / GX-32 Sharp Sidekick 3 Sharp Sidekick-LX Blue Sharp T-Mobile Sidekick - Tony Hawk Edition Sharp TM-100 Sharp TM-150 Sharp TM-200 Sharp Z-800-Audiovox-7900 Siemens A56 / A56I Siemens A60 Siemens A65 Siemens C56 Siemens C60 Siemens C61 Siemens C62 Siemens CF62T Siemens CF63 / CF62/CF62t Siemens CT56 Siemens CT66 / C66 / C65 Siemens CX66 / CX65 Siemens M46 Siemens M55 Siemens M56 Siemens M65 Siemens MC60 Siemens S40 Siemens S46 Siemens S55 Siemens S56 Siemens S66 Siemens SK65 Siemens SL55 Siemens SL56 Siemens SL65 Siemens SX1 Siemens SX56 Siemens SX66 Siemens U10 Siemens U15 Sierra 598 USB Modem Sierra USB Lightning 305 Sierra Wireless 250U Aircard Silver Sierra Wireless 4G LTE Tri-Fi Hotspot Sierra Wireless AC595 PC Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595 PC/Mac Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595 PCMCIA Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595U Sierra Wireless AC595U USB PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597 ExpressCard PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597E-PC-Card Sierra Wireless Air-Card-875 Sierra Wireless AirCard 402 Sierra Wireless Aircard-860 Sierra Wireless Aircard-875u Sierra Wireless AirCard-881 Sierra Wireless Mercury USB Modem Sierra Wireless Overdrive Pro Sierra Wireless Overdrive Pro Mobile Hotspot Sierra Wireless U597 Aircard Sierra Wireless Unite Sierra Wireless USBConnect Shockwave Sierra Wireless USBConnect-881 Sierra Wireless VOQ-A11 SKY 4.0 Sky 5.0L Sonim XP STRIKE Sonim XP5 Sonim XP6 Sony C1904 Xperia M Sony Ericsson C510 Silver Sony Ericsson C702a Sony Ericsson C901 Noble Black Sony Ericsson C902 Red Sony Ericsson C903 Red Sony Ericsson C905 Sony Ericsson D750 Sony Ericsson Equinox Sony Ericsson G700 Business Edition Sony Ericsson GC79 Sony Ericsson GC79 Cellular and WiFi PC Card Sony Ericsson GC82 Sony Ericsson GC83 Sony Ericsson GC89 Sony Ericsson GC89 PCMCIA PC Cell WiFi Card Sony Ericsson GC99 Sony Ericsson Idou Sony Ericsson J220 Sony Ericsson J300a Sony Ericsson K500 Sony Ericsson K510a Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson K600i Sony Ericsson K660i Red Sony Ericsson K700I Sony Ericsson K750i Sony Ericsson K770 Truffle Brown Sony Ericsson K790 Sony Ericsson K790a Sony Ericsson K800-Euro Sony Ericsson K850i Sony Ericsson M600i Sony Ericsson Mix Walkman Sony Ericsson P800 Sony Ericsson P900 Sony Ericsson P910 Sony Ericsson P990i Sony Ericsson R300 Antique Copper Sony Ericsson R306a Sony Ericsson S312 Dawn Blue Sony Ericsson S500 Sony Ericsson S700I Sony Ericsson S710A Sony Ericsson T106 Sony Ericsson T200 Sony Ericsson T206 Sony Ericsson T226 Sony Ericsson T237 Sony Ericsson T280a Sony Ericsson T290 Sony Ericsson T300 Sony Ericsson T306 Sony Ericsson T310 Sony Ericsson T316 Sony Ericsson T600 Sony Ericsson T606 Sony Ericsson T608 Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson T616 Sony Ericsson T61C Sony Ericsson T61D / T61LX Sony Ericsson T61Z Sony Ericsson T62U Sony Ericsson T630 Sony Ericsson T637 Sony Ericsson T68I Sony Ericsson T700 Sony Ericsson T707 Mysterious Black Sony Ericsson TM506 Sony Ericsson txt pro Sony Ericsson V800 Sony Ericsson W200 Sony Ericsson W300i Sony Ericsson W302 White Sony Ericsson W380a electric purple Sony Ericsson W395 Blush Titanium Sony Ericsson W508 Sony Ericsson W580i White Sony Ericsson W595 Sony Ericsson W600i Sony Ericsson W610 Sony Ericsson W705 Sony Ericsson W710i Sony Ericsson W715 Sony Ericsson W760 Black Sony Ericsson W800i Sony Ericsson W810 Sony Ericsson W850 Sony Ericsson w850i Sony Ericsson W890i Black Sony Ericsson W900i White Sony Ericsson W902 Sony Ericsson W910 Black Sony Ericsson W950 Sony Ericsson W980 Sony Ericsson W995 Progressive Black Sony Ericsson Xperia Arc Misty Silver Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Sony Ericsson Xperia X10 Mini Sony Ericsson Xperia X10 Mini Pro Sony Ericsson Xperia X2 Sony Ericsson XPERIA-X1 Sony Ericsson Z200 Sony Ericsson Z300a Sony Ericsson Z310a Jet Black Sony Ericsson Z500 / Z500a Sony Ericsson Z520a Sony Ericsson Z525a Sony Ericsson Z550a Sterling Sony Ericsson Z555a Black Sony Ericsson Z600 Sony Ericsson Z610 Airy Blue Sony Ericsson Z780 Sony Ericsson Z780 Grand Onyx Sony SmartWatch 3 Sony Xperia acro S Black Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia L Red Sony Xperia M Yellow Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia P Sony Xperia PLAY 4G Sony Xperia S Sony Xperia SP Sony Xperia SP White Sony Xperia T3 LTE Sony Xperia Tablet Z Sony Xperia tipo dual Classic Black Sony Xperia tipo Serene Black Sony Xperia TL Sony Xperia U Sony Xperia X Sony Xperia X Performance Sony Xperia X10 Sony Xperia XA Sony Xperia XA Ultra Sony Xperia XT Sony Xperia XZ Sony Xperia Z Sony Xperia Z Ultra Sony Xperia Z1 Sony Xperia Z1 Compact Sony Xperia Z1S Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z2 tablet Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z3v White Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Sony Z Ultra Google Play edition SpareOne Emergency Phone Spectrum 2 by LG Spectrum by LG Sprint 3G/4G Plug-in Connect USB Sprint Flash Sprint Force Sprint LivePro Sprint Phone Connect 2 Sprint Plug-in-Connect Trimode Sprint Pocket WiFi Sprint PPC 6700 Sprint Vital Sprint WeGo T-Mobile 4G LTE HotSpot Z915 T-Mobile 4G Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile 665 T-Mobile 665 Navy Blue T-Mobile 768 T-Mobile Comet T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord II T-Mobile Dash T-Mobile G-Slate with Google T-Mobile G2 T-Mobile G2x T-Mobile Jet 2.0 4G Stick T-Mobile MDA T-Mobile myTouch T-Mobile myTouch 4G T-Mobile myTouch 4G Slide T-Mobile myTouch Q T-Mobile Prism T-Mobile Prism II T-Mobile Rocket 3.0 4G Laptop T-Mobile SDA T-Mobile Sidekick 3 T-Mobile Sidekick iD T-Mobile Sidekick II T-Mobile Sonic 2.0 Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile Sonic 4G T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Wing Telson TDC-8100 Toshiba CDM-9950 / VM4050 Toshiba Excite 10 LE Toshiba Excite Pro Toshiba Excite Pure Toshiba Excite Write Toshiba TG01 Toshiba Thrive 16GB Toshiba VM-4050 Turing Phone UNIMAX MAXBravo UNIMAX MAXPatriot Unimax MXE-675 Unimax U671C Black UT Starcom PC-5740 UTStarcom 5740-PC-Card UTStarcom Arc-CDM-8074 UTStarcom Blitz UTStarcom Casio-G'zOne-Type-S UTStarcom CDM-220 UTStarcom CDM-7025 UTStarcom CDM-7026 UTStarcom CDM-7075 UTStarcom CDM-7126 UTStarcom CDM-8945 UTStarcom Coupe UTStarcom G'zOne UTStarcom Knick UTStarcom PC5750 PCMCIA PC Broadband Card UTStarcom PC5750-PC-Card UTStarcom PCS-1450 / CDM-1450 UTStarcom Quickfire Gray UTStarcom Shuttle UTStarcom Slice-PCS-1400 UTStarcom UM150-USB-Modem UTStarcom UM175 USB Velocity Micro Cruz 10 inch 4GB Black Velocity Micro Cruz 7 inch 4GB Black Velocity Micro Cruz T510 10 inch Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice Verizon 4G LTE MiFi 4510L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem UML295 Verizon Adamant Verizon Ellipsis 8 Verizon Ellipsis Jetpack MHS800L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi MHS291L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot Verizon Jetpack MiFi 6620L Verizon Wireless 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon Wireless Ellipsis Black 7 Inch Verizon Wireless Fivespot Global Ready 3G Mobile Hotspot Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect Verizon Wireless Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MiFi 5510L Verizon Wireless Turbine 7.0 Verizon Wireless USB551L Virgin Mobile Awe Visual Land Prestige 7Q Black Vizio VIA Phone Vizio VIA Tablet VK Mobile Kickflip vtech A700 Wikipad 7 inch tablet Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Xiaomi Mi 3 Xiaomi Mi 4i Xiaomi Redmi 2 Xperia ion by Sony YotaPhone 2 Zenum International Mobile Hotspot ZTE 4G LTE Router with Voice ZTE Agent ZTE Allstar ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Aspect ZTE AT&T Home Phone Connect ZTE Atrium ZTE Avail ZTE Avail 2 ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Avid Plus ZTE Avid Trio ZTE AWE ZTE Axon 7 ZTE Axon Pro ZTE Boost Max+ ZTE C78 ZTE C79 ZTE Chorus ZTE Citrine ZTE Compel ZTE Compel Black ZTE Concord ZTE Concord II ZTE Cymbal Z-320 ZTE Cymbal-T ZTE Director ZTE Engage ZTE Engage LT ZTE Flash ZTE Force ZTE Fury ZTE Grand S ZTE Grand S II ZTE Grand S Pro ZTE Grand S3 ZTE Grand X 3 ZTE Grand X Max+ ZTE Groove Black ZTE Illustra ZTE Imperial ZTE Jetpack ZTE Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot EuFi890 ZTE Lever ZTE LivePro ZTE Majesty ZTE Maven ZTE Maven 2 ZTE Max Duo ZTE MAX XL ZTE Memo ZTE Merit ZTE Midnight ZTE MSGM8 II ZTE Mustang ZTE Mustang ZTE Nubia 5S Mini ZTE Nubia Z11 ZTE Nubia Z5 ZTE Obsidian ZTE Optik ZTE Optik ZTE Overture ZTE Overture 2 ZTE Paragon ZTE Prelude ZTE Prestige ZTE Prestige 2 ZTE Quartz ZTE Rapido LTE ZTE Reef ZTE Salute ZTE Savvy ZTE Scend ZTE Score ZTE Score M ZTE Solar ZTE Sonata 4G White ZTE Source Black ZTE Speed ZTE Stratos ZTE Supreme ZTE Supreme ZTE Tempo ZTE Unico LTE ZTE Unite ZTE Valet ZTE Velocity ZTE Vital ZTE Warp ZTE Warp 7 ZTE Warp Elite ZTE Warp Sequent ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Whirl ZTE Whirl 2 ZTE Whirl 2 Black ZTE Z221 Black ZTE Z222 ZTE Z331 Black ZTE Z431 Black ZTE Z432 ZTE Z432 Black ZTE Z667 ZTE Z768 Midnight Blue ZTE Z990 ZTE Z992 Black ZTE Zephyr ZTE Zinger ZTE ZMAX ZTE ZMAX 2 ZTE ZMax Pro ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-day cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-minute cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid pay-per-month 200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid pay-per-month 400 cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-month 700 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Family Choice Plan cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1600 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 2200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 4500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 6500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 700 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless My Circle Family Choice Plus 1000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless My Circle Family Choice Plus 2000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless MyCircle Family Choice Premier 2200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless MyCircle Smart Choice 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 1400 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 2100 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 4000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 6000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 750 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 900 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom Unlimited cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 1200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 2000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 5500 cell phone plan details amp'd $100 National 3000 cell phone plan details amp'd $150 National Unlimited cell phone plan details amp'd $30 National 500 cell phone plan details amp'd $70 National 1500 cell phone plan details amp'd End The Boredom cell phone plan details amp'd Unlimited Forever Overdose cell phone plan details amp'd Unlimited Forever Overload cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 200 MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 250MB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 250MB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB for Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G LTE cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for 3GB for Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 250MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 3GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 250MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 3GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for BlackBerry cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for BlackBerry for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for iPhone 4S cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for iPhone cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for Smartphones 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for Smartphones cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for BlackBerry cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for BlackBerry for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for iPhone 4S cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for iPhone cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for Smartphones 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for Smartphones cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for BlackBerry for 4G Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for BlackBerry Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for iPhone 4S Personal Hotspot cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for iPhone Personal Hotspot cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for Smartphones 4G Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for Smartphones Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $2 Daily Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $25 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $35 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $45 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone 10¢ per Minute cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 250MB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 3GB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 5GB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 6GB AT&T GoPhone Smartphone $2 day Unlimited Talk and Text cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone Smartphone 10¢ per minute cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone Unlimited AT&T Mobile Share 10GB AT&T Mobile Share 15GB AT&T Mobile Share 2GB AT&T Mobile Share 300MB AT&T Mobile Share 50GB AT&T Mobile Share 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (10GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (15GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (1GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (20GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (2GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (300MB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (30GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (40GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (4GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (50GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (6GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 100GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 16GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 80GB AT&T Mobile Share Data 20GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Data 40GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Data 4GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Basic or Messaging 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Basic or Messaging 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Broadband cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone No annual service contract 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone No annual service contract 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone Two-year agreement 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone Two-year agreement 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Tablet cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Wireless Home Phone cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share with Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share with Unlimited Talk & Text 8GB cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 1350 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 2000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 4000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 450 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 450 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 6000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 900 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 900 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 1400 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 2100 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 3000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 4000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 6000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 700 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family Talk Additional Line $49.99 cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family Talk Additional Line $9.99 cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 1400 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 2100 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 550 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 700 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 1400 - NWCFT1400 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 2100 - NWCFT2100 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 3000 - NWCFT3000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 4000 - NWCFT4000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 6000 - NWCFT6000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 700 - NWCFT700 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Senior Nation 200 cell phone plan details AT&T Unlimited AT&T Unlimited Choice AT&T Unlimited Data with DIRECTV AT&T Unlimited Home Phone Calling cell phone plan details AT&T Unlimited Plus AT&T Viva Mexico 1350 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 1400 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 2000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 2100 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 3000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 4000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 4000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 450 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 6000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 6000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 700 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 900 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico Additional Line cell phone plan details | PhoneDog BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 250MB BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 5GB Boost Mobile $35 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $45 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $50 Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $55 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $55 Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile BlackBerry Daily Unlimited $3 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile BlackBerry Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Daily Unlimited $2 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Daily Unlimited $3 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Data Boost Boost Mobile Family Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Plan with Shrinking Payments Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Select Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited with Growing Data Boost Mobile Pay As You Go Phone 20¢ per minute cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Unlimited Starter Boost Mobile Unlimited Unhook'd Cellular One Local 3000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1500 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1600 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 2200 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 4000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 500 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 6000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 9000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National Workday cell phone plan details Cellular One Regional 2600 cell phone plan details Cellular One Statewide 400 cell phone plan details Cellular One Stop Counting Minutes - National Anytime cell phone plan details Cellular One Stop Counting Minutes - Statewide cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 1400 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 1800 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 400 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 800 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 1000 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 1500 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 600 cell phone plan details CREDO Mobile 10GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 15GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 1GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 2GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 3GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 4GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 6GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 8GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile Unlimited Cricket $25 Talk & Text cell phone plan details Cricket $40 Basic Plan or $35 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Cricket $50 Smart plan or $45 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Cricket $60 Pro plan or $55 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Alpha $30 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Battalion $160 4 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Bravo $35 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Brigade $240 6 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Charlie $45 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Delta $60 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Platoon $145 3 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Regiment $195 5 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Squad $110 2 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Xray $80 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Yankee $100 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Zulu $110 monthly cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1200 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 10000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 1100 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 1500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 2000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 3000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 3500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 6000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 1000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 1250 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 600 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 1300 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 2000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 3000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 450 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 750 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 900 cell phone plan details Einstein Basic cell phone plan details Einstein Extreme cell phone plan details Einstein Plus cell phone plan details Einstein Value cell phone plan details Einstein Wisconsin 1000 cell phone plan details Einstein Wisconsin 500 cell phone plan details FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 500MB GIV Mobile The 20 Plan GIV Mobile The 25 Plan GIV Mobile The 30 Plan GIV Mobile The 40 Plan GIV Mobile The 60 Plan Liberty Wireless 10 Cents A Minute Flat Rate cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Anytime 2000 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Anytime 800 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless My TopTwo Anytime 800 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless My TopTwo Unlimited N&W 350 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 200 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 350 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 650 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless True Liberty cell phone plan details MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Data, Talk and Text cell phone plan details MetroPCS $45 Unlimited cell phone plan details MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Data, Talk and Text cell phone plan details MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $40 plan cell phone plan details MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $50 plan cell phone plan details MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $60 plan cell phone plan details Net10 $35 Unlimited Talk and Text cell phone plan details Net10 $40 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $60 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $65 Unlimited International Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $75 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 1000 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 200 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 500 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Four People cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Three People cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Two People cell phone plan details Net10 Unlimited International Talk, Text, Data 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Family (2+ Lines) Net10 Wireless Home Phone Unlimited Nationwide calling cell phone plan details Net10 Wireless Home Phone Unlimited Nationwide plus International calling cell phone plan details NTelos $39.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $49.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $59.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $69.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $99.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $29.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $39.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $49.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $59.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $79.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $99.99 cell phone plan details NTelos NTELOS HomeFree Region - $55.99 cell phone plan details NTelos NTELOS HomeFree Region - $75.99 cell phone plan details Opex Wireless Nationwide 100 cell phone plan details Opex Wireless On-The-Fly cell phone plan details Pix Wireless $10 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $10 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $100 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $100 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $11 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $11 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $12 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $12 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $125 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $125 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $13 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $15 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $15 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $15 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $15 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $150 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $175 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $20 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $20 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $20 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $20 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $200 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $25 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $25 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $30 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $30 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $30 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $30 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $35 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $40 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $40 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $50 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $50 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $50 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $50 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $55 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $65 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $65 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $7 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $75 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $75 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $9 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $9 GSM Weekly Qwest Wireless Cross Country 1000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 1500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 200 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 2000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 2500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 3000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 750 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 1000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 1500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 200 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 2000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 2500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 3000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 750 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Unlimited cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $55 Mexico Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $55 Smartphone Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $65 Global Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Feature Plan $25 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Feature Plan $35 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Muve Music Plan $50 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Muve Music Plan $60 cell phone plan details Republic Refund Plan with 0.5 GB Republic Refund Plan with 1 GB Republic Refund Plan with 2 GB Republic Refund Plan with 3 GB Republic Refund Plan with 4 GB Republic Refund Plan with 5 GB Republic Wireless $10 Plan Republic Wireless $25 Plan Republic Wireless $40 Plan Republic Wireless $5 Plan (WiFi Only) Republic Wireless Base Plan Republic Wireless Clear Choice Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 10GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 4GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 6GB Data ROK Mobile Ultimate Unlimited Scratch Wireless Free Plan Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $1.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $14.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $6.99 Voice Pass Solavei Prepaid Unlimited SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $10 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $100 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $25 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $5 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $50 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $15 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $18 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $5 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $80 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $9 Sprint 100MB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 12GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 1GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 2GB Single Line Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Broadband Connection 12GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Broadband Connection 6GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Hotspot Connection 3GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 6GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint All-In Wireless Smartphone + Unlimited Sprint Basic Plan cell phone plan details Sprint Better Choice L Sprint Better Choice M Sprint Better Choice S Sprint Better Choice XL Sprint Better Choice XS Sprint Better Choice XXL Sprint Family Share Pack 10GB Sprint Family Share Pack 12GB Sprint Family Share Pack 16GB Sprint Family Share Pack 1GB Sprint Family Share Pack 20GB Sprint Family Share Pack 2GB Sprint Family Share Pack 32GB Sprint Family Share Pack 40GB Sprint Family Share Pack 4GB Sprint Family Share Pack 60GB Sprint Family Share Pack 8GB Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $15 per non-discounted phone 20BB-60GB options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $25 per non-discounted phone 600MB-16GB options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $40 per discounted phone all data options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Mobile Broadband $20 per non-discounted all data options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Tablet $10 per non-discounted all data options cell phone plan details Sprint My All-in cell phone plan details Sprint Phone Connect cell phone plan details Sprint Premium Data add-on cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $35 unlimited talk & text with 1GB data cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $45 unlimited talk & text with 3GB data cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $55 unlimited talk & text with 6GB data cell phone plan details Sprint Prepaid $60 Unlimited Talk, Text & Data Sprint Prepaid Unlimited Data, Talk & Text Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Sprint Unlimited Freedom Sprint Unlimited Freedom Premium Sprint Unlimited My Way cell phone plan details Sprint Unlimited My Way Family cell phone plan details Sprint Unlimited Single Line Sprint Unlimited Talk, Text & High Speed Data Straight Talk All You Need Straight Talk Unlimited Straight Talk Unlimited Plus International SunCom now T-Mobile America 1200 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 1800 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 2300 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 300 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 800 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America Unlimited cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 1250 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 2500 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 500 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional UnPlan cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile SunCom NEW cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile UnPlan Tri-Cities 2000 cell phone plan details SureWest Local Value - 2yr. - $29.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited - 2yr. - $33.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited California - 1yr. - $45.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited California - 2yr. - $39.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited USA - 1yr. - $49.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited USA - 2yr. - $44.00 cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice 2.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice Unlimited cell phone plan details T-Mobile Old Family plan cell phone plan details T-Mobile ONE T-Mobile ONE No Credit Check T-Mobile ONE Plus T-Mobile ONE Plus International T-Mobile ONE Plus International No Credit Check T-Mobile ONE Plus No Credit Check T-Mobile ONE Prepaid T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 10.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 12GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 2.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 4.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 6.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 8.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Pay As You Go T-Mobile PrePaid 1000 Whenever minutes $100 cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid 1500 Talk & Text (with 30MB of data) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Talk, Text and High Speed Internet (first 5GB at up to 4G speeds) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Talk, Text and Web (first 100 MB up to 4G speeds) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Text and 10¢/minute cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Text and 10¢/minute cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice T-Mobile Simple Choice 1GB 4G LTE Data plan cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 2.5GB Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 500MB Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice No Credit Check T-Mobile Simple Choice Prepaid T-Mobile Simple Choice Unlimited Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan T-Mobile Simply Prepaid T-Mobile Unlimited Family T-Mobile Unlimited Family T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text Telcel America 30 Days Basic International $29 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Plus Plan Unlimited $60 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Unlimited International Service $40 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Unlimited International Service $50 cell phone plan details Telcel America 7 Days Unlimited Plus Plan $20 cell phone plan details Tello $10 Pay As You Go Tello $10 Talk & Text Tello $10 Talk Only Tello $10 Talk-Text-Data Tello $11 Data Only Tello $12 Talk-Text-Data Tello $13 Talk-Text-Data Tello $14 Talk-Text-Data Tello $16 Talk-Text-500MB Tello $16 Talk-Text-Data Tello $17 Talk-Text-Data Tello $18 Talk-Text-1GB Tello $18 Talk-Text-Data Tello $19 Talk-Text-Data Tello $20 Pay As You Go Tello $20 Talk-Text-Data Tello $21 Data Only Tello $21 Talk-Text-1GB Tello $21 Talk-Text-Data Tello $24 Talk-Text-Data Tello $27 Talk-Text-Data Tello $45 Data Only Tello $5 Pay As You Go Tello $5 Talk & Text Tello $5 Talk Only Tello $50 Pay As You Go Tello $6 Talk & Text Tello $7 Talk Only Tello $8 Talk & Text Tello $9 Talk-Text-Data Tello Unlimited Talk & Text Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 200MB Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB Tello Unlimited Talk Only Teltik Business Unlimited Talk, Text, 2GB Data Teltik Business Unlimited Talk, Text, 6GB Data Teltik Business Unlimited Talk, Text, Data $50 TeltikOne Business Unlimited Talk, Text, Data TeltikOne Plus Business Unlimited Talk, Text, Data TeltikOne Plus International Business Unlimited Talk, Text, Data TextNow Wireless Grande Plan TextNow Wireless Quattro Plan TextNow Wireless Tall Plan TextNow Wireless Venti Plan The Verizon Plan - 100GB The Verizon Plan - 12GB The Verizon Plan - 20GB The Verizon Plan - 25GB The Verizon Plan - 30GB The Verizon Plan - 40GB The Verizon Plan - 50GB The Verizon Plan - 60GB The Verizon Plan - 80GB The Verizon Plan - L The Verizon Plan - M The Verizon Plan - S The Verizon Plan - XL The Verizon Plan - XXL Ting L Plan Ting M Plan Ting S Plan Ting XL Plan TPO Goodness to Go Big TPO Goodness to Go Low TPO Goodness to Go Mega TPO Goodness to Go More TPO Goodness to Go Plus TPO Goodness to Go Pro TPO Mobile Caring TPO Mobile Gentle TPO Mobile Hero TPO Mobile Infinity TPO Mobile Kind TPO Mobile Noble TPO Mobile North America TPO Mobile People's TPO Unlimited Goodness Global TPO Unlimited Goodness Gracious TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 30 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 40 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 50 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 65 Tracfone $19.99 plan - 60 units cell phone plan details Tracfone $29.99 plan - 120 units cell phone plan details TracFone 120 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 125 Value Plan cell phone plan details TracFone 200 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 200 Value Plan cell phone plan details TracFone 450 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 50 Family Value Plan cell phone plan details Tracfone 50 Value Plan cell phone plan details Twigby 1000 Minutes and Unlimited Texts Twigby 200 Minutes and Unlimited Texts Twigby 500 Minutes and Unlimited Texts Twigby Unlimited Talk and Text U.S. Cellular 10GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 10GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 12GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 12GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 14GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 14GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 16GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 16GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 18GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 18GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 1GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 1GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 20GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 20GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 2GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 2GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 300MB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 300MB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 30GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 30GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 3GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 40GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 40GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 4GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 4GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 50GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 50GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 6GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 6GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 75GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 8GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 8GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Family Talk & Text Additional Line cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Family Talk 1000 & Unlimited Text Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect 2GB Data, Unlimited Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect 500MB Data, Unlimited Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect Unlimited Data for Basic Phones cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Talk Only Pay-As-You-Go-Minutes cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Unlimited Data, Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Basic Phone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Home Phone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Mobile Hotspot cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Smartphone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Tablet cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Vehicle Monitoring cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Wireless Modem cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Talk 450 & Unlimited Text Plan cell phone plan details US Mobile 100 Mins Talk US Mobile 1000 Mins Talk US Mobile 1500 Mins Talk US Mobile 2000 Mins Talk US Mobile 250 Mins Talk US Mobile 300 Mins Talk US Mobile 500 Mins Talk US Mobile 5000 Mins Talk US Mobile 750 Mins Talk Verizon 100GB More Everything Verizon 10GB More Everything Verizon 14GB More Everything Verizon 15GB More Everything Verizon 16GB More Everything Verizon 20GB More Everything Verizon 2GB More Everything Verizon 30GB More Everything Verizon 40GB More Everything Verizon 4GB More Everything Verizon 500MB More Everything Verizon 50GB More Everything Verizon 5GB Verizon 60GB More Everything Verizon 80GB More Everything Verizon 8GB More Everything Verizon Prepaid Smartphone Plan Verizon Unlimited Verizon Unlimited Prepaid Verizon Wireless $60 Single Line Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 150 MB Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 150 MB Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 25 MB Data & Web with Mobile Email cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Basic 700 Minutes cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Basic cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Broadband cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Camera cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line plus Canada Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Smartphone cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Tablets cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk and Text Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk and Text Unlimited Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk Unlimited Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Data Only 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Data Only 8GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband 10 GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband 5 GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 5GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 5GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Basic 700 Minutes cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Basic Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Tablet Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything USB Modem or Jetpack Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide 65 Plus cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide 65 Plus Two-Line SharePlan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Messaging Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 1350 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 4000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 450 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 3000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 4000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Premium Family SharePlan 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text 450 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Unlimited Push-To-Talk cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $0.00 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $0.99 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $1.99 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $15 for 250 MB of data weekly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $35 ALLSET Plan (Basic Phones) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $45 ALLSET Plan (Basic Phones) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $60 for 3 GB of data monthly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $60 Monthly Unlimited Talk, Text, and 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $70 Monthly Unlimited Talk, Text, and 4GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $90 for 10 GB of data monthly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly 450 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly 900 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text 450 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text 900 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text Unlimited (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Unlimited (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid Verizon Prepaid cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid Verizon PrePaid cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Smartphone Single Line Plan Verizon Wireless Smartphone Unlimited Corporate Email & Web cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Corporate Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Corporate Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Data & Web with Mobile Email cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk BlackBerry $50 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk for BlackBerry $35 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk for BlackBerry $70 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go $25 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go $55 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go 100 MB for 10 days cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Data Love Virgin Mobile payLo 1500 Talk & Text Virgin Mobile payLo 400 Minutes Virgin Mobile payLo Basic Rate cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile payLo Unlimited Talk & Text Virgin Mobile Unlimited + International + Extra Virgin Mobile Unlimited + More Data Virgin Mobile Unlimited Data & Text Plus 300 minutes cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited Data, Talk, & Text cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything + International Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything plus International cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited plus International plus Extra cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Virgin mobile #5 cell phone plan details Number of Lines: - Any - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Minutes 500 Messages Data Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below. - Any -05KB50MB30MB100MB125MB150MB200MB250MB300MB334MB375MB400MB500MB600MB625MB700MB800MB834MB900MB938MB2083MB1250MB1667MB3750MB6250MB7500MB8750MB1GB1.5GB2GB2.5GB3GB4GB5GB6GB7GB8GB10GB12GB14GB15GB16GB18GB20GB24GB25GB30GB32GB35GB40GB50GB60GB80GB100GB120GBUnlimited - Plans Featured Farewell from Marco! Marco Hanna 4 days 10 hours ago Xiaomi Mi Pad 3 Tablet Review Beau Hamilton 1 week 4 days ago 4 shares 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 3 1 Alcatel A30 vs BLU R1 HD: Best Budget Smartphones Under $100 Beau Hamilton 2 weeks 3 days ago 8 shares 2 3 0 1 0 0 0 1 1 Samsung Galaxy S8+ Review: Bigger Is Not Necessarily Better Beau Hamilton 2 weeks 6 days ago 42 shares 38 0 0 0 0 0 1 2 1 More Featured Articles Official Smartphone Rankings People's Choice Expert's Choice Apple iPhone 7 2 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × LG Stylo 2 V 1 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Google Pixel XL 1 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × More People's Choice Latest Videos Samsung Galaxy S7 edge: One Year Later 10 shares 2 5 0 0 0 0 1 1 1 Android 7.0 Nougat on OnePlus 3T 12 shares 2 3 0 0 0 0 4 2 1 Best Tech of January 2017! 14 shares 10 1 0 0 0 0 0 2 1 More Videos This Week's "People's Choice Rankings" Best Smartphone   Apple iPhone 7 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   LG Stylo 2 V Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Google Pixel XL Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   LG X Style Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Google Pixel Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Recent news from our top carriers: AT&T News AT&T offering $10 DirecTV Now LG X venture is a rugged Android AT&T Galaxy S6, S6 edge, S6 AT&T to begin deprioritizing I’m not angry that apps to prevent AT&T 5G Evolution service now Samsung Galaxy S8 hardware won Sprint News Sprint planning for 5G rollout in Have you switched carriers to get Sprint Magic Box is an indoor Cell Phone Deals May 2017 Digest Sprint launches fifth Unlimited ZTE MAX XL packs 6-inch display Samsung Galaxy S8 hardware won T-Mobile News T-Mobile launching two iPhone T-Mobile Tuesdays celebrating one- Kyocera DuraForce Pro lands at T- T-Mobile Digits launching next T-Mobile tempting Verizon LG Stylo 3 Plus launches at T- T-Mobile LG G6 BOGO deal now Verizon Wireless Verizon launching new prepaid Verizon offering free Google Home Moto Z2 Play official with thinner ASUS ZenFone AR will launch at Verizon LG Watch Sport has been Cell Phone Deals May 2017 Digest T-Mobile CEO says Verizon network PHONEDOG PhoneDog Media is home to PhoneDog, Android & Me, TmoNews, and TodaysiPhone. The network receives 2.5 million unique visitors and 10 million pageviews each month, along with a combined three million video views on YouTube. While the name is jovial, the PhoneDog Media network offers up a wealth of written and video content to help readers make important decisions about mobile technology. Established in 2001, PhoneDog Media is a privately owned and operated company. PHONEDOG MEDIA FAMILY Phonedog - Cell Phone News TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog AndroidAndMe - Everything Android TodaysiPhone - iPhone News & Rumors Company Home Privacy Policy Term of Use Contact About Us Sitemap In-Depth Reviews Phone vs Phone Video Unboxings Apps & Games New Phones Phone Finder Compare Plans Phone Specials Long Distance © 2001-2017 PhoneDog, LLC. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved.
Login _ Social Sharing Find TechSpot on... Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram Subscribe to TechSpot RSS Get our weekly newsletter Search TechSpot Trending Hardware The Web Culture Mobile Gaming Apple Microsoft Google Reviews Outstanding Laptops Graphics Smartphones CPUs Storage Cases Keyboard & Mice Features Must Reads PC Buying Guide Hardware Software Gaming Tips & Tricks Best Of Downloads Latest Downloads Popular Apps Editors Picks Device Drivers Product Finder New Releases New PC Games Laptops Smartphones Routers Storage Motherboards Monitors Forums Community Activity Today's Posts News Around the Web Weekend tech reading: PC could learn something about 4K from PS4 Pro, build your own VPN By Matthew DeCarlo on May 28, 2017, 9:30 AM TechSpot 4K gaming: what can PC learn from PlayStation Pro? Checkerboarding, upscaling, temporal anti-aliasing, dynamic resolution. Let's give credit where it's due: at its best, PlayStation 4 Pro's utilisation of these techniques produces some impressive results for 4K displays - no mean feat considering that the Pro's GPU is relatively underpowered compared to today's mainstream PC graphics hardware. And this led us to wonder - what if those techniques were rolled out in the PC space? Could the cost of admission to the world of 4K gaming drop dramatically if the techniques championed by Sony worked just as effectively for PC gamers? EuroGamer Report: More than half of streaming users are sharing their passwords There’s no denying that the television landscape is changing the days, with cable TV putting up dismal numbers (their worst ever, actually). But as more people migrate to streaming video, the scenery there is changing as well. Nearly 3 out of every 4 (72% exactly) Americans who have cable also have access to at least one streaming service and 8% of cable subscribers plan to eliminate their service in the next year. But that doesn’t necessarily mean they’re paying for their streaming service. Streaming Observer A year of Google & Apple maps Shortly after I published my Cartography Comparison last June, I noticed Google updating some of the areas we had focused on: Coincidence or not, it was interesting. And it made me wonder what else would change, if we kept watching. Would Google keep adding detail? And would Apple, like Google, also start making changes? So I wrote a script that takes monthly screenshots of Google and Apple Maps.1 And thirteen months later, we now have a year’s worth of images... Justin O'Beirne How Facebook's tentacles reach further than you think Facebook's collection of data makes it one of the most influential organisations in the world. Share Lab wanted to look "under the bonnet" at the tech giant's algorithms and connections to better understand the social structure and power relations within the company. A couple of years ago, Vladan Joler and his brainy friends in Belgrade began investigating the inner workings of one of the world's most powerful corporations. BBC Google's AlphaGo retires on top after humbling world No. 1 The Google-owned computer algorithm AlphaGo is retiring from playing humans in the ancient Chinese game of Go after roundly defeating the world's top player this week, its developer said Saturday. AlphaGo defeated brash 19-year-old world number one Ke Jie of China on Saturday to sweep a three-game series that was closely watched as a measure of how far artificial intelligence (AI) has come. Phys.org How to build your own VPN if you’re (rightfully) wary of commercial options In the wake of this spring's Senate ruling nixing FCC privacy regulations imposed on ISPs, you may be (even more) worried about how your data is used, misused, and abused. There have been a lot of opinions on this topic since, ranging from "the sky is falling" to "move along, citizen, nothing to see here." Ars Technica The 1961 Mobot Mark II had all the moves In the late 1950s, Sandia Laboratory was looking for a way to handle radioactive materials without putting humans in danger. The answer was the Mobot—short for either “remote robot” or “mobile robot”—a remotely operated system designed by Hughes Aircraft Co. in 1959 that offered a unique and effective combination of strength and dexterity. IEEE Spectrum Faster, more nimble drones on the horizon There’s a limit to how fast autonomous vehicles can fly while safely avoiding obstacles. That’s because the cameras used on today’s drones can only process images so fast, frame by individual frame. Beyond roughly 30 miles per hour, a drone is likely to crash simply because its cameras can’t keep up. MIT How Anker is beating Apple and Samsung at their own accessory game Steven Yang quit his job at Google in the summer of 2011 to build the products he felt the world needed: a line of reasonably priced accessories that would be better than the ones you could buy from Apple and other big-name brands. These accessories — batteries, cables, chargers — would solve our most persistent gadget problem by letting us stay powered on at all times. The Verge Apple is working on a dedicated chip to power AI on devices Apple Inc. got an early start in artificial intelligence software with the 2011 introduction of Siri, a tool that lets users operate their smartphones with voice commands. Now the electronics giant is bringing artificial intelligence to chips. Apple is working on a processor devoted specifically to AI-related tasks, according to a person familiar with the matter. Bloomberg The history of RPGs Computers and RPGs have always gone hand-in-hand. Even when the best adventurers could hope for visually was a few letters and numbers on a screen, what better way could there be to handle stats, die-rolls and complex calculations? Soon enough, though, computer RPGs were capable of doing much more. PC Gamer Nanogenerators could charge your smartphone Researchers at the Georgia Institute of Technology have been exploring the applications and commercial potential for triboelectric nanogenerators (TENGs) since 2012. These so-called TENGs essentially harvest static electricity from friction. IEEE Spectrum Related Reads Weekend tech reading: Oculus Rift DK2 & OS X Yosemite previewed, Destiny compared on PS4/XO Weekend tech reading: NES Classic teardown, new MacBook Pro not Linux-ready, 1080 Ti has 10GB VRAM? Weekend tech reading: Mass Effect: Andromeda's wonkiest animations, 11 ARM boards benchmarked, building a DIY Hackintosh Pro 5 comments 99 interactions Share this article: Now Read This… Logitech updates high-end mice: MX Master 2S and MX Anywhere 2S Microsoft co-founder shows off the world's biggest plane Tech leaders denounce Trump's decision to leave Paris agreement Popular TechSpot Best of Computex 2017 Five Years Without Facebook 16 comments Ryzen 7 series get first price cut as we wait for Threadripper 32 comments Intel Core X vs. AMD Ryzen Threadripper: What we know so far 42 comments Tech leaders denounce Trump's decision to leave Paris agreement Load Comments 5 ... User Comments: 5 Got something to say? Post a comment Load all comments... Discuss 7 Logitech updates its high-end mouse line with the MX Master 2S and MX Anywhere 2S 42 Tech leaders denounce Trump's decision to leave Paris agreement 13 PlayStation 3 officially slips into its twilight years as Sony Japan ships last PS3 console 10 Xbox Game Pass launches for Gold members today 8 EA publishes trailer for 'Need for Speed Payback,' coming this holiday season Recently commented stories Jump to forum mode Add New Comment You need to be a member to leave a comment. Join thousands of tech enthusiasts and participate. TechSpot Account Sign up for free, it takes 30 seconds. Already have an account? Login now. You may also... Main Sections Technology News Reviews Features Product Finder Downloads Drivers Community TechSpot Forums Today's Posts Ask a Question News & Comments Useful Resources Best of the Best Must Reads Trending Now Hot Downloads About TechSpot About Advertising News Archive Social & Feeds Follow TechSpot Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube RSS Subscribe to the TechSpot Newsletter © 2017 TechSpot, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TechSpot is a registered trademark. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Licensing Advertise
null
About About ValueWalk Corporation Premium explainer Member Login Password Reset Profile Premium Sign Up Explainer Contact Guest Posts And Hedge Fund Letters Advertise Donate to ValueWalk Comments Policy Authors DMCA Legal Disclaimer DMCA Books Editors’ Full List of Book Recommendations Editors Favorite Ten Books Recommendations For Beginners Michael Burry’s List Tom Gayner’s List Donald Yacktman’s List Eddie Lampert’s List Bill Gates’ List Peter Cundill’s List John Griffin’s List Ray Dalio’s List Howard Marks’ List Charlie Munger’s List Bill Ackman’s List Dan Loeb’s List Jim Chanos’s List David Einhorn’s List Jamie Dimon’s List Joel Greenblatt’s List Guy Spier’s Reading List Seth Klarman’s List Warren Buffett’s List John Griffin’s List VALUE INVESTING Screeners Pitroski F Score Screener Valuation Stock Screener Graham-Dodd Stock Screener Stock Watchlists Graham Formula Stock Screener Intrinsic Value Stock Screener Financial Ratios RawCharts Screener RawCharts Data Warren Buffett Screener Price To Cash Flow Distribution; MF And ETFs – Interactive Chart Stockrow Value Research tool Future Value, Investment, CAGR, Rule Of 72 And Other finance Calculators Activist Filing Tracker Investors Academics Aswath Damodaran Kenneth French Eugene Fama James Montier Michael Mauboussin Robert Shiller Activist Investors Wilbur Ross Nelson Peltz Carl Icahn Dan Loeb Eddie Lampert Bill Ackman Buffett’s Superinvestors Warren Buffett Rick Guerin Tom Knapp and Ed Anderson Charlie Munger Stan Perlmeter Bill Ruane Walter Schloss Value Investors Charles Brandes Chris Browne Michael Burry Tom Gayner Benjamin Graham Irving Kahn David Herro Max Heine Michael Larson Mark Mobius Wally Weitz Hedge Fund Managers Kyle Bass Ray Dalio David Einhorn Mario Gabelli’s Joel Greenblatt Jeffrey Gundlach Mason Hawkins Edward Lampert Dan Loeb Howard Marks John Neff Kerr Neilson John Paulson George Soros Alfred Winslow Jones David Tepper’s Legendary Investors John Bogle Bill Gross Jesse Livermore Henry Singleton John Templeton Tiger Cubs The Tiger Cub Culture Bill Hwang — Tiger Asia Patrick McCormack — Tiger Consumer Management Manish Chopra — Tiger Veda Management Hound Partners And Marble Arch Partners Resource Page Chase Coleman — Tiger Global Chris Shumway – Shumway Capital Partners Michael Larson Resource Page Andreas Halvorsen — Viking Global Lee Ainslie — Maverick Capital Ltd Foreign Investors Jeroen Bos Jean-Marie Eveillard Albert Frere Dr Lee Shau Kee Francisco Garcia Timeless Reading Guest Posts and Tips Value Investors Must Read List Studies and Research Papers Warren Buffett’s Shareholder Letters ValueWalk’s Value Fund Interview Series Behavioral Finance Famous Investor Series Links Letters 2015 Letters Q1 2016 Letters Q2 2016 Letters Q3 2016 letters 2016 Letters Q1 2017 Letters About About ValueWalk Corporation Premium explainer Member Login Password Reset Profile Premium Sign Up Explainer Contact Guest Posts And Hedge Fund Letters Advertise Donate to ValueWalk Comments Policy Authors DMCA Legal Disclaimer DMCA Books Editors’ Full List of Book Recommendations Editors Favorite Ten Books Recommendations For Beginners Michael Burry’s List Tom Gayner’s List Donald Yacktman’s List Eddie Lampert’s List Bill Gates’ List Peter Cundill’s List John Griffin’s List Ray Dalio’s List Howard Marks’ List Charlie Munger’s List Bill Ackman’s List Dan Loeb’s List Jim Chanos’s List David Einhorn’s List Jamie Dimon’s List Joel Greenblatt’s List Guy Spier’s Reading List Seth Klarman’s List Warren Buffett’s List John Griffin’s List VALUE INVESTING Screeners Pitroski F Score Screener Valuation Stock Screener Graham-Dodd Stock Screener Stock Watchlists Graham Formula Stock Screener Intrinsic Value Stock Screener Financial Ratios RawCharts Screener RawCharts Data Warren Buffett Screener Price To Cash Flow Distribution; MF And ETFs – Interactive Chart Stockrow Value Research tool Future Value, Investment, CAGR, Rule Of 72 And Other finance Calculators Activist Filing Tracker Investors Academics Aswath Damodaran Kenneth French Eugene Fama James Montier Michael Mauboussin Robert Shiller Activist Investors Wilbur Ross Nelson Peltz Carl Icahn Dan Loeb Eddie Lampert Bill Ackman Buffett’s Superinvestors Warren Buffett Rick Guerin Tom Knapp and Ed Anderson Charlie Munger Stan Perlmeter Bill Ruane Walter Schloss Value Investors Charles Brandes Chris Browne Michael Burry Tom Gayner Benjamin Graham Irving Kahn David Herro Max Heine Michael Larson Mark Mobius Wally Weitz Hedge Fund Managers Kyle Bass Ray Dalio David Einhorn Mario Gabelli’s Joel Greenblatt Jeffrey Gundlach Mason Hawkins Edward Lampert Dan Loeb Howard Marks John Neff Kerr Neilson John Paulson George Soros Alfred Winslow Jones David Tepper’s Legendary Investors John Bogle Bill Gross Jesse Livermore Henry Singleton John Templeton Tiger Cubs The Tiger Cub Culture Bill Hwang — Tiger Asia Patrick McCormack — Tiger Consumer Management Manish Chopra — Tiger Veda Management Hound Partners And Marble Arch Partners Resource Page Chase Coleman — Tiger Global Chris Shumway – Shumway Capital Partners Michael Larson Resource Page Andreas Halvorsen — Viking Global Lee Ainslie — Maverick Capital Ltd Foreign Investors Jeroen Bos Jean-Marie Eveillard Albert Frere Dr Lee Shau Kee Francisco Garcia Timeless Reading Guest Posts and Tips Value Investors Must Read List Studies and Research Papers Warren Buffett’s Shareholder Letters ValueWalk’s Value Fund Interview Series Behavioral Finance Famous Investor Series Links Letters 2015 Letters Q1 2016 Letters Q2 2016 Letters Q3 2016 letters 2016 Letters Q1 2017 Letters Search for: iPhone 8 Rumors Are Confusing Apple Fans By Christopher Morris on May 28, 2017 9:20 am in Technology ShareTweetPostFlip The iPhone 8 will undoubtedly be one of the technology highlights of this or any other year, particularly as many analysts are expecting an outstanding unit from Apple. This smartphone release will mark the tenth anniversary of the iPhone range, and the consumer electronics giant is expected to pull out all of the stops in order to deliver an outstanding unit. Considering the importance of the iPhone 8 to Apple, it is perhaps not surprising that the rumor mill has been grinding even more relentlessly than usual. Of course, there is never any shortage of speculation regarding Apple devices, but the iPhone 8 has attracted so much rumor and counter-rumor that the ultimate outcome of this handset has become somewhat confusing. Image Source: Muhsin M. Belaal Auckburaully / DBS Design (screenshot) iPhone 8 release dates Firstly, there is considerable debate over precisely when we can expect to see the iPhone 8 emerge on the market. The usual release schedule for Apple smartphones has seen the iPhone released in September, although this has only been a precedent over the last few years. Originally, the iPhone was intended for the summer months, with June preferred for its seminal release. But several reports have suggested that the iPhone 8 may not appear in September this year. Most of these have inidcated that it will appear later rather than earlier, while some have even suggested that we may not witness an iPhone 8 release in 2017 whatsoever. Several different morsels of information have been cited in relation to this prediction, but the lack of OLED displays could be a particularly critical factor. Certainly if Apple wishes to stick to its previous policy, this calendar year would witness iPhone 7S and iPhone 7S Plus releases. But most Apple observers believe that the Corporation will release an all-singing, all-dancing iPhone 8 alongside two upgrades in 2017. Nonetheless, the smart money would still be on the iPhone 8 emerging in September, as a company as powerful as Apple would be unlikely to delay a major device release without extremely good reason. Branding confusion There has also been some disagreement over whether or not the next generation iPhone will even be branded as the iPhone 8. It is possible that Apple could acknowledge the tenth anniversary of the iPhone series by naming this smartphone the iPhone X; the X signifying the Roman numeral for 10. Other reports have indicated that Apple will resist the temptation to release a revolutionary iPhone 8, and will instead follow its usual release schedule with two iPhone 7S units. This goes against the grain of many reports on the matter, which generally suggest that we should expect to see an iPhone 8 before the year is out. Design differences The potential design of the iPhone 8 has also led to numerous different interpretations. There is a general consensus that Apple will slim down the bezels included in the iPhone 8, in order to increase the screen real estate. But there are many differing opinions on precisely how the design of this smartphone will ultimately turn out. Many reports have suggested that Apple will produce a curved screen iPhone for the first time when the iPhone 8 is released, but this has not been the case with all leaks. For example, a new leaked video suggests that the next gen iPhone will be very much a flatscreen device, and that Apple will eschew the temptation to follow Samsung in producing curved screen units. There has also been discord over whether Apple will increase the screen size of the iPhone 8 relative to previous releases. Some suggest that the smartphone will be a compact unit, but that it will only feature a 5.5-inch display, identical in size to that of the existing iPhone 7 Plus. But other reports have indicated that the iPhone 8 will feature a 5.8-inch screen that will be the largest ever included in an Apple release. Resolution There is undoubtedly pressure on Apple to increase the resolution included in the iPhone 8, particularly if it intends to increase the display size. Samsung is also rumored to be considering including 4K resolution in the forthcoming Galaxy Note 8, and this would rather leave the iPhone series behind, should the consumer electronics behemoth stick to merely full HD. Thus, some reports have suggested that Apple will deliver quad HD resolution with the iPhone 8, even if it chooses to freeze the screen resolution in both the accompanying iPhone 7S and iPhone 7S Plus releases. But with Apple reluctant to cram excessive specs into these devices unless it deems it to be absolutely necessary, it has been suggested elsewhere that this will simply be a full HD smartphone. It would be disappointing if Apple were not to increase the resolution included in the iPhone 8, but we know from previous device releases that the Cupertino-based company will never follow the trends of the industry blindly. So don’t be surprised if the iPhone 8 does not deliver quad HD resolution. Apple secrecy The confusion over the iPhone 8 is exacerbated by the fact that Apple is particularly secretive when it comes to its device releases. This tends to provoke a climate of speculation, and this has already been rather rampant with the iPhone 8. Additionally, Apple is releasing the iPhone 8 – if indeed it does choose to do so – into an increasingly complex and challenging technology climate. The reality is that smartphones are delivering diminishing returns in terms of functionality, and thus there is now a requirement for the biggest players in the industry to diligently consider what should and should not be included in any particular release. The days of completely blowing away consumers with amazing new features are probably over, at least until virtual reality and augmented reality become mainstream. This means that there will be room for considerable speculation regarding the iPhone 8 in the coming weeks, and the confusion is not likely to lift until Apple finally unveils the device. Tags: Apple iPhone 8 Load Comments Send us your tips at tips(at)valuewalk.com Latest News From ValueWalk Herbalife Expects Lower Guidance; Still No Word On Exec Departure Extensive Notes From Berkshire Hathaway Annual Meeting – May 6, 2017 Mr Market Masters In Business: Marc Andreessen, Venture Capitalist At A16Z Nancy Lazar Discusses The Prospects For The U.S. Economy Copyright © 2017 ValueWalk - Privacy Policy Follow Us: Developed by ValueWalk Team
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Premarket Prep Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Marketfy Benzinga Pro Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Where Would Apple And Google Rank In Terms Of World's Richest Countries? Brett Hershman , Benzinga Staff Writer     {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} May 28, 2017 3:21pm   Comments Share: Related APPL What The Massive SoftBank Investment 'Vision Fund' Means For Tech Technical Alert: Apple Approaches $118 For The First Time Since Late October Related GOOG What's Next For Yext After Beating First Post-IPO Quarterly Estimates ? Cramer: The Market Is 'All FANG All The Time,' But It Shouldn't Be Maybe the Occupy Wall Street movement was looking to the wrong coast all along. A recent Bank of America Corp (NYSE: BAC)/Merrill Lynch report titled "Occupy Silicon Valley" shows that tech firms Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) and Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ: GOOG) (NASDAQ: GOOGL) valuations are higher than the GDP of every U.S. city besides Los Angeles and New York, and Apple is quickly gaining on L.A. While these figures do not mean these companies are actually worth more than those cities, it does present a relevant conversation about the sheer size and influence these firms have. Apple and Google essentially operate as their own countries, with massive power; their decisions have huge implications on the market and how citizens operate, communicate and conduct daily lives. Here at Benzinga, we wanted to take it a step further and see how these two tech giants stack up against countries worldwide, comparing Market Cap against GDP. Apple And Google Vs. The World (Figures In Millions) Apple’s market cap is current just north of $796 billion, which would put it as the 17th most valuable country in the world, just ahead of the Netherlands, when compared to current World Bank data on global GDP. Google would rank as the 19th most valuable country in the world, ahead of international finance hub Switzerland, at a $672 billion valuation. Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ: AMZN) would rank as the 25th biggest country in the world, just behind Poland, with a $467 billion market cap. While these are not apples-to-apples comparisons, it is the best way to gauge the sheer size the tech industry has amassed in the United States. With the presidency now hosting non-traditional and political amateur Donald Trump in the Oval Office, maybe Tim Cook — with his breadth of experience, financial prowess and general popularity — will capitalize and run for president in 2020. Related Links: iPhone 8 Should Release Pent-Up Demand For Apple Why Google Is Tesla's Biggest Competitor Posted-In: News Futures Politics Global Econ #s Markets Tech General Best of Benzinga © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (AAPL + AMZN) What If Forbes' 5 Richest Rap Moguls Merged Their Media Empires? Even If You Expect An iPhone 'Super Cycle', Has Apple Stock Just Gotten Too Expensive? Analysts Are Pumped About Broadcom's Double Beat Wall Street Need Not Fear the Robots VMware 'Clearly Executing Well' Following Solid Q1 Cramer: The Market Is 'All FANG All The Time,' But It Shouldn't Be View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. News from idealmedia Sign up for email alerts on APPL Trending Recent 1 COTY, PBH: Jefferies Sees Beauties And Beasts In The Modern Cosmetic Space 2 DEO, CBS: What If Forbes' 5 Richest Rap Moguls Merged Their Media Em... 1 IPAR, ELF: Jefferies Sees Beauties And Beasts In The Modern Cosmetic Space 2 P, LYV: What If Forbes' 5 Richest Rap Moguls Merged Their Media Empires? 3 FAS, FAZ: An Adventurous June Idea For A Faltering Sector 4 AAPL: Even If You Expect An iPhone 'Super Cycle',... 5 INTC, NVDA: Why Is Advanced Micro Devices Slashing Pric... 6 XLK: MIT Researchers Make Strides In Robotic Limbs 7 CWH: Credit Suisse Reiterates Outperform O... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program PreMarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog Syndication In the News Careers Service Status Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Meet The New Boss: Gen MX Driving Global Economy, Study Shows; Boomers Could Break Stock Market How Much The Opioid Epidemic Actually Costs The Non-User
News Stocks Technology Science Tech Space Human Earth Health Politics World Videos TheTape Latest Follow WSP Newsletter RSS Facebook Twitter Google+ Search for: HomeNewsApple’s iPhone 8 is Coming with Some Big Changes (AAPL) Apple’s iPhone 8 is Coming with Some Big Changes (AAPL) It's going to be a really special phone. And if its hefty price tag is any indication of just how special it is, then we’re in for a treat. May 28, 2017 WSP We’re just a few months away from seeing the iPhone 8 for real. Yet rumors and speculations still persist and will probably continue until the official unveiling, most likely in September, if Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) stays true to its tradition. While we’re still waiting for its arrival, we’ve rounded up what we know so far (and also what we’d like to believe) about Apple’s upcoming flagship phone. For starters, we can’t help but believe that being its 10th anniversary phone, the iPhone 8 (also being referred to by some analysts as iPhone X) will be as spectacular as what we are expecting (and hoping) it to be. Some of its most anticipated features include virtual fingerprint scanning, facial recognition capability, enhanced water resistance and wireless charging. And by wireless charging, we mean true ‘wireless’ charging, allowing the gadget to be charged within a range of about 20 feet, with no wires needed. On the outside, the iPhone 8 variants — we’re expecting 2 or 3 ranging in size from 4.7 inches to 5.8 inches — will likely have no physical home button (we’re assuming Apple has already solved this problem that threatened to push back production). Instead, its Touch ID (fingerprint sensor) will be directly embedded in the display (if not, it will be placed on the phone’s rear). And this is what will make its bezel-less (meaning borderless) design possible. It might be smaller than the iPhone 7, but i8 will have a bigger display that will take up the entire screen. And it’s going to be an OLED display at that, which means brighter, sharper and clearer everything, plus improved power efficiency too. It’s also going to have either an all-glass build, or a combination of stainless steel and glass, which will make it look as sleek as ever. Reports about the camera’s positioning are still contradicting at this stage, with the most popular rumor suggesting that it will have vertical dual cameras at its rear. What’s (almost) certain, though, is that the camera will be an upgraded version. It really has to be to live up to the hype. Of course, it won’t have a headphone jack, because it’s going to be weird to bring back something that’s already been removed. But at least it looks like Apple is planning to include AirPods as part of the iPhone 8 package. There won’t likely be a 32GB variant. The lowest variant will be 64GB, and RAM will be boosted to 3GB. It will be powered by an Apple A11 chip and will run iOS11. Finally, with its rumored high-end and high-tech specs, it’s not hard to surmise that the iPhone 8 won’t come cheap. Of course, no iPhone really is. But this latest one will be the most expensive ever, with a price tag starting at $1,000. Will its price be worth it? We’ll find out soon enough. In the meantime, check out this video from ConceptsiPhone showing what could turn out to be the iPhone 8’s final design. AAPL Previous article Next article Related Articles Stocks Apple Becomes the World’s Most Valuable Tech Company May 26, 2010 WSP Featured Will Samsung’s Battery Debacle Be A Game Changer for Apple Inc (AAPL)? September 6, 2016 WSP Stocks Banks Should Go Back to Glass-Steagall February 12, 2014 WSP Be the first to comment Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name * Email * Website The Latest Space Entrepreneur Believes That Aliens Are Real And Are Living Right Under Our Noses June 4, 2017 GPUs to Run 1000 Times Faster by 2025 – Huang June 4, 2017 Apple’s Other Steve Says Apple Lost Its Mojo, Tesla Is Taking Over (TSLA) June 4, 2017 Coffee Drinkers May Have One Less Type Of Cancer To Worry About June 3, 2017 CRISPR Found To Have A Dangerous Side-Effect: Unwanted Mutations June 3, 2017 Editor’s Picks Earth’s Carbon Dioxide Breaking Dangerous Records April 30, 2017 The Era Of Smartphones Is Ending April 4, 2017 Scientists Identify Key Gene That Controls Brain Aging March 21, 2017 HIV Breakthrough Could Speed Up Cure March 21, 2017 Was Einstein Wrong About Gravity? March 19, 2017 Warning from Experts: Painkillers May Significantly Raise Cardiac Arrest Risk March 19, 2017 Facebook Twitter Google+ Authors Copyright © 2017 Wall Street Pit | Contact Us | Advertise | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
About About ValueWalk Corporation Premium explainer Member Login Password Reset Profile Premium Sign Up Explainer Contact Guest Posts And Hedge Fund Letters Advertise Donate to ValueWalk Comments Policy Authors DMCA Legal Disclaimer DMCA Books Editors’ Full List of Book Recommendations Editors Favorite Ten Books Recommendations For Beginners Michael Burry’s List Tom Gayner’s List Donald Yacktman’s List Eddie Lampert’s List Bill Gates’ List Peter Cundill’s List John Griffin’s List Ray Dalio’s List Howard Marks’ List Charlie Munger’s List Bill Ackman’s List Dan Loeb’s List Jim Chanos’s List David Einhorn’s List Jamie Dimon’s List Joel Greenblatt’s List Guy Spier’s Reading List Seth Klarman’s List Warren Buffett’s List John Griffin’s List VALUE INVESTING Screeners Pitroski F Score Screener Valuation Stock Screener Graham-Dodd Stock Screener Stock Watchlists Graham Formula Stock Screener Intrinsic Value Stock Screener Financial Ratios RawCharts Screener RawCharts Data Warren Buffett Screener Price To Cash Flow Distribution; MF And ETFs – Interactive Chart Stockrow Value Research tool Future Value, Investment, CAGR, Rule Of 72 And Other finance Calculators Activist Filing Tracker Investors Academics Aswath Damodaran Kenneth French Eugene Fama James Montier Michael Mauboussin Robert Shiller Activist Investors Wilbur Ross Nelson Peltz Carl Icahn Dan Loeb Eddie Lampert Bill Ackman Buffett’s Superinvestors Warren Buffett Rick Guerin Tom Knapp and Ed Anderson Charlie Munger Stan Perlmeter Bill Ruane Walter Schloss Value Investors Charles Brandes Chris Browne Michael Burry Tom Gayner Benjamin Graham Irving Kahn David Herro Max Heine Michael Larson Mark Mobius Wally Weitz Hedge Fund Managers Kyle Bass Ray Dalio David Einhorn Mario Gabelli’s Joel Greenblatt Jeffrey Gundlach Mason Hawkins Edward Lampert Dan Loeb Howard Marks John Neff Kerr Neilson John Paulson George Soros Alfred Winslow Jones David Tepper’s Legendary Investors John Bogle Bill Gross Jesse Livermore Henry Singleton John Templeton Tiger Cubs The Tiger Cub Culture Bill Hwang — Tiger Asia Patrick McCormack — Tiger Consumer Management Manish Chopra — Tiger Veda Management Hound Partners And Marble Arch Partners Resource Page Chase Coleman — Tiger Global Chris Shumway – Shumway Capital Partners Michael Larson Resource Page Andreas Halvorsen — Viking Global Lee Ainslie — Maverick Capital Ltd Foreign Investors Jeroen Bos Jean-Marie Eveillard Albert Frere Dr Lee Shau Kee Francisco Garcia Timeless Reading Guest Posts and Tips Value Investors Must Read List Studies and Research Papers Warren Buffett’s Shareholder Letters ValueWalk’s Value Fund Interview Series Behavioral Finance Famous Investor Series Links Letters 2015 Letters Q1 2016 Letters Q2 2016 Letters Q3 2016 letters 2016 Letters Q1 2017 Letters About About ValueWalk Corporation Premium explainer Member Login Password Reset Profile Premium Sign Up Explainer Contact Guest Posts And Hedge Fund Letters Advertise Donate to ValueWalk Comments Policy Authors DMCA Legal Disclaimer DMCA Books Editors’ Full List of Book Recommendations Editors Favorite Ten Books Recommendations For Beginners Michael Burry’s List Tom Gayner’s List Donald Yacktman’s List Eddie Lampert’s List Bill Gates’ List Peter Cundill’s List John Griffin’s List Ray Dalio’s List Howard Marks’ List Charlie Munger’s List Bill Ackman’s List Dan Loeb’s List Jim Chanos’s List David Einhorn’s List Jamie Dimon’s List Joel Greenblatt’s List Guy Spier’s Reading List Seth Klarman’s List Warren Buffett’s List John Griffin’s List VALUE INVESTING Screeners Pitroski F Score Screener Valuation Stock Screener Graham-Dodd Stock Screener Stock Watchlists Graham Formula Stock Screener Intrinsic Value Stock Screener Financial Ratios RawCharts Screener RawCharts Data Warren Buffett Screener Price To Cash Flow Distribution; MF And ETFs – Interactive Chart Stockrow Value Research tool Future Value, Investment, CAGR, Rule Of 72 And Other finance Calculators Activist Filing Tracker Investors Academics Aswath Damodaran Kenneth French Eugene Fama James Montier Michael Mauboussin Robert Shiller Activist Investors Wilbur Ross Nelson Peltz Carl Icahn Dan Loeb Eddie Lampert Bill Ackman Buffett’s Superinvestors Warren Buffett Rick Guerin Tom Knapp and Ed Anderson Charlie Munger Stan Perlmeter Bill Ruane Walter Schloss Value Investors Charles Brandes Chris Browne Michael Burry Tom Gayner Benjamin Graham Irving Kahn David Herro Max Heine Michael Larson Mark Mobius Wally Weitz Hedge Fund Managers Kyle Bass Ray Dalio David Einhorn Mario Gabelli’s Joel Greenblatt Jeffrey Gundlach Mason Hawkins Edward Lampert Dan Loeb Howard Marks John Neff Kerr Neilson John Paulson George Soros Alfred Winslow Jones David Tepper’s Legendary Investors John Bogle Bill Gross Jesse Livermore Henry Singleton John Templeton Tiger Cubs The Tiger Cub Culture Bill Hwang — Tiger Asia Patrick McCormack — Tiger Consumer Management Manish Chopra — Tiger Veda Management Hound Partners And Marble Arch Partners Resource Page Chase Coleman — Tiger Global Chris Shumway – Shumway Capital Partners Michael Larson Resource Page Andreas Halvorsen — Viking Global Lee Ainslie — Maverick Capital Ltd Foreign Investors Jeroen Bos Jean-Marie Eveillard Albert Frere Dr Lee Shau Kee Francisco Garcia Timeless Reading Guest Posts and Tips Value Investors Must Read List Studies and Research Papers Warren Buffett’s Shareholder Letters ValueWalk’s Value Fund Interview Series Behavioral Finance Famous Investor Series Links Letters 2015 Letters Q1 2016 Letters Q2 2016 Letters Q3 2016 letters 2016 Letters Q1 2017 Letters Search for: iPhone 9 And Galaxy S9 Rumors Surface By Christopher Morris on May 27, 2017 9:20 am in Technology ShareTweetPostFlip The tenth anniversary iPhone 8 promises to be an extremely exciting smartphone released later this year, but reports are already emerging about the iPhone 9. This should be considered very much a working title, as there is no guarantee that Apple will immediately switch to iPhone 9 branding following the release of the iPhone 8. Indeed, there is already some debate over whether or not the iPhone 8 will actually be the name for the next-generation Apple handset. Nonetheless, reports from East Asia are already providing an insight into how the next but one generation Apple device may turn out. Korea is becoming an extremely important source of news on the smartphones marketplace in general, particularly as Samsung and LG have become such important players in the industry. hurk / Pixabay iPhone 9 OLED linked And Korean media is reporting that the iPhone 9 will definitely feature the OLED technology that has been so strongly linked with the iPhone 8. This definitely wouldn’t come as a surprise, as it is still anticipated by many sources that OLED screens will debut in the forthcoming iPhone 8. But The Investor publication also predicts that Samsung will be the sole supplier for the OLED panels utilized in the iPhone 9, while the screen size in included in the device will also be increased significantly. The Investor asserts that Apple has already placed an order for 180 million OLED units, which the publication suggests is more than double the 80 million that have been requested for the iPhone 8 generation. The report goes on to indicate that the iPhone 9 will feature two screen sizes, with a 5.28-inch display being accompanied by a 6.46-inch device. This is very specific, and these numbers do seem rather odd, but it nonetheless suggests that Apple is willing to break away from the 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch screens that have been standard in recent years. Industry sources close to both Apple and Samsung are also quoted in the article, suggesting that the two mega-corporations have already signed an NDA on the general conditions and display size. It will be interesting to see what parameters Apple includes in the iPhone 8, and whether three models emerge as expected, as this will give us a real clue as to how the iPhone 9 will turn out. Galaxy S9 leaks Meanwhile, there are also rumors circulating about the next-generation Galaxy S9. Again, it is rather early in the day to speak about this smartphone, but at least the Galaxy S8 is already on the market! Regardless of this, major companies such as Apple and Samsung are always thinking several generations ahead, and it is not at all surprising that the two corporations are already making concrete plans for their next major flagships. Another Korean publication, The Bell, indicates that the Galaxy S9 is already under development. Apparently the codename for this important device is ‘Star’, with the development schedule apparently well ahead of previous years. Samsung has perhaps been emboldened by its more than decent recent market performance, and may already be making plans to deliver a particularly outstanding Galaxy S9 release. It is very early days in the development cycle of the Galaxy S9, considering that the Galaxy S8 has only recently been released. But the report goes on to explain that the Galaxy S9 will follow the release schedule of previous Galaxy S devices, and thus we can expect to see it emerge in March 2018. The Bell also suggests that Samsung will focus on developing the Infinity display in the Galaxy S9, possibly addressing the fingerprint scanner which was considered something of a weakness in the Galaxy S8 generation. Based on the rumors surrounding the Galaxy Note 8, it is possible that the Galaxy S9 will be the first ever 4K resolution smartphone from Samsung, considering that the Galaxy Note range can be defined as phablets. 4K enthusiasm Executives in the Samsung hierarchy have already expressed their enthusiasm regarding 4K technology, describing it as something that will become a staple in the mobile industry. This suggests that the Korean corporation will look to move to 4K resolution sooner rather than later, and this could mean that both the Galaxy Note 8 and Galaxy S9 benefit from 4K panels, after the Galaxy S8 also received a resolution boost from the previous iteration in the series. 2018 promises to be another key year in the smartphone battle between Apple and Samsung, with the KoreancCorporation effectively answering the tenth anniversary iPhone when the Galaxy S9 is released. It seems that we can expect some outstanding devices from the two major players in the market when the iPhone 9 and Galaxy S9 hit the stores. Tags: Galaxy S9 iphone 9 Load Comments Send us your tips at tips(at)valuewalk.com Latest News From ValueWalk Herbalife Expects Lower Guidance; Still No Word On Exec Departure Extensive Notes From Berkshire Hathaway Annual Meeting – May 6, 2017 Mr Market Masters In Business: Marc Andreessen, Venture Capitalist At A16Z Nancy Lazar Discusses The Prospects For The U.S. Economy Copyright © 2017 ValueWalk - Privacy Policy Follow Us: Developed by ValueWalk Team
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Hello Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 251% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 117% 59% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 65% 56% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 50% 32% Returns as of 6/4/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 251% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 117% 59% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 65% 56% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 50% 32% Returns as of 6/4/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Surprise! The Next Diabetes Breakthrough Could Come From Apple Apple appears to be developing a non-invasive glucose monitoring prototype that works with its Watch. Sean Williams (TMFUltraLong) May 28, 2017 at 2:02PM Despite improved health education and medicine, one disease that's actually getting more prevalent, not less prevalent, in America is diabetes. Diabetes is no laughing matter According to data from the American Diabetes Association in 2012, some 29.1 million Americans have diabetes, most of whom have type 2 diabetes, which is the non-genetic form that develops over one's lifetime. About 1.25 million people have type 1 diabetes. What's worse, 1.4 million new diabetes diagnoses are made annually, and around 86 million Americans age 20 and older are considered to have prediabetes. In other words, if they don't change their eating habits and activity level, they're at a higher risk than the general population of developing diabetes. Image source: Getty Images. Though it might be a disease that doesn't conjure the type of fear felt with a cancer diagnosis, it's nonetheless the seventh-leading cause of death in the United States as of 2015. Co-morbidities caused from diabetes (e.g., high blood pressure, kidney disease, strike, and high cholesterol) can make life for those who have this disease quite unpleasant. It can also be painful on the wallet, with direct medical costs of $176 billion and indirect costs of $69 billion from reduced worker productivity as of 2012. As such, it's no surprise that drug developers and medical device manufacturers are putting a lot time, effort, and money into researching ways to resolve America's diabetes epidemic. Thankfully, we've seen a number of major advancements over the past couple of years. The diabetes treatment landscape is rapidly evolving Image source: Johnson & Johnson. One of the greater pharmaceutical advancements we've witnessed in dealing with diabetes is the development of SGLT-2 inhibitors, like Johnson & Johnson's (NYSE:JNJ) Invokana, which was the first SGLT-2 inhibitor to hit pharmacy shelves in America back in 2013. Traditional diabetes medications that target type 2 diabetes work in either the pancreas or liver. SGLT-2 inhibitors do their work in the kidneys by suppressing the absorption of glucose and allowing excess sugar to be excreted in the urine in order to control glycemic balance. What's noteworthy about this new method of controlling blood sugar is that SGLT-2 medicines like Invokana also demonstrated lowered systolic blood pressure and weight-loss in clinical studies. It's a welcomed side effect given the nature of co-morbidities associated with diabetes. Later this year, Johnson & Johnson should deliver results from its long-term cardiovascular study on Invokana. Fingers are crossed that it, like SGLT-2 competitor Jardiance from Eli Lilly and Boehringer Ingelheim, leads to a clinically significant reduction in the risk of a cardiovascular event and death. The MiniMed 670G. Image source: Medtronic. In terms of medical devices, one of the most exciting advancements in decades was the approval of Medtronic's (NYSE:MDT) MiniMed 670G for type 1 diabetics a full six months ahead of schedule this past September. The MiniMed 670G is the world's very first artificial pancreas. In simpler terms, it's the world's first closed loop system designed to measure blood glucose levels every five minutes and administer insulin on an as-needed basis for the patient. A sensor with a protruding needle is slipped under the skin, while a smartphone-sized insulin pump worn on the abdomen ensures proper administration. The MiniMed 670G should be particularly useful in reducing instances of hypoglycemia, or low blood sugar, caused by the administration of insulin. Sensors that communicate with the smartphone-sized pump would prevent administration once blood glucose levels hit a certain threshold.    But, there's still much work and research left to be done. Enter Apple, stage left Interestingly enough, a company that appears up to the challenge of fighting diabetes is one we may not realize has any affiliation with the healthcare industry: Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL). The tech giant is best-known for its leading smartphones, as well as tablets and Mac laptops. But CEO Tim Cook has made it clear that he also foresees Apple making waves in healthcare. Last week, CNBC reported that Tim Cook was spotted with a glucose-measuring device that worked with the Apple Watch. This corroborates a report from CNBC in April that Apple had a team in Palo Alto, Calif., already working on a way to measure blood glucose levels continuously, but in a non-invasive way. Considering how unpleasant it can be for diabetics to frequently draw blood to assess their blood sugar, a non-invasive method of measuring blood glucose has always been the ultimate goal. Unfortunately, it's also extremely difficult to attain, as evidenced by the fact that there are no non-invasive blood-glucose monitors on the market at present. Image source: Apple. However, Apple's foray into healthcare doesn't appear to be a one-off event. Aside from Cook's admission that he's been wearing a glucose-measuring device for months and monitoring how food and exercise impacts his sugar levels, Cook also envisions Apple being a regular contributor to the healthcare space. Let's not forget that in June 2014, Apple introduced its Health app for tracking various health and fitness data. Aside from the app allowing consumers to keep a close eye on their health habits, an alternative idea behind the app is that it may one day allow for a seamless link and/or continuous monitoring between you and your doctor. The introduction of the Apple Watch, and Cook's use of what appears to be a glucose-tracking prototype, is further evidence of this possible future link (and of the Internet of Things in action). Before you investors get too excited, understand that healthcare is a nascent sales generator for Apple at this point in time. It's still, first and foremost, a technology and innovation company that's reliant on consumers' desires for the latest in content-based gadgetry. But Apple certainly has the financial capacity and wherewithal to pursue healthcare endeavors that incorporate its devices. Exciting things are happening in the diabetes treatment space, and soon enough Apple could be part of that excitement. Sean Williams has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple and Johnson & Johnson. The Motley Fool owns shares of Medtronic. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Sean Williams (TMFUltraLong) A Fool since 2010, and a graduate from UC San Diego with a B.A. in Economics, Sean specializes in the healthcare sector and investment planning. You'll often find him writing about Obamacare, marijuana, drug and device development, Social Security, taxes, retirement issues and general macroeconomic topics of interest. Follow @TMFUltraLong Article Info May 28, 2017 at 2:02PM Health Care Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $155.45 up $2.27 (1.48%) Johnson & Johnson NYSE:JNJ $130.08 up $1.30 (1.01%) Medtronic NYSE:MDT $85.82 down $0.26 (-0.30%) Read More Apple iPhone Calling Big Pharma: We Can Help You Develop Better Drugs 3 Incredible Ways Technology Can Help Treat Parkinson’s Disease Can Google Glass Dominate Apple in Hospitals? Apple's Secretive Research Could Help Diabetes Patients Alphabet and Apple: 2 of the Best Healthcare Stocks on the Market? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Surprise! The Next Diabetes Breakthrough Could Come From Apple @themotleyfool #stocks $AAPL, $JNJ, $MDT
Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists My Stock Lists IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone IBD 50 New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Sector Leaders Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates Tech Leaders Stock Spotlight CAN SLIM Select Stocks that Funds are Buying IBD Data Tables Stocks On The Move Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes Earnings Calendar Short Selling Futures & Options IBD Stock Analysis Swing Trading Bonds The New America IBD Data Stories Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds FANG Stocks News Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Industry News Pages Politics Politics Editorials Trump News & Tweets Commentary The Trump Economy Columnists Economic Optimism Index Policy & Analysis IBD/TIPP Poll IBD Videos Investing Videos Home Study Programs How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD Investor's Corner IBD Key Terms IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store News Shopping Cart Your cart is currently empty. Visit the IBD Store to get started. Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists My Stock Lists IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone IBD 50 New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Sector Leaders Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates Tech Leaders Stock Spotlight CAN SLIM Select Stocks that Funds are Buying IBD Data Tables Stocks On The Move Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes Earnings Calendar Short Selling Futures & Options IBD Stock Analysis Swing Trading Bonds The New America IBD Data Stories Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds FANG Stocks News Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Industry News Pages Politics Politics Editorials Trump News & Tweets Commentary The Trump Economy Columnists Economic Optimism Index Policy & Analysis IBD/TIPP Poll IBD Videos Investing Videos Home Study Programs How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD Investor's Corner IBD Key Terms IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store Hi MY IBD SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites My Stock Lists Edit Sign In Shopping Cart Hi SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites Edit My Stock Lists Technology Overseas Tax Holiday For Tech Titans May Come With A Catch REINHARDT KRAUSE 5/30/2017 Reprints Ask Wall Street analysts to name possible catalysts for a rise in big-cap technology stocks like Apple (AAPL) and Cisco Systems (CSCO), and near the top on most lists would be Trump administration plans to allow companies to bring foreign profits into the U.S. at a reduced tax rate. Analysts say cash brought back could be a piggy bank for company stock repurchases or acquisitions. Problem is, President Trump's economic agenda has been stalled amid White House drama. The proposed changes on "repatriated" cash are part of a bigger Trump tax reform package. Randall Stephenson, AT&T's (T) CEO, says tax reform can make it through Congress. "A lot of people are getting pessimistic because of a lot of the noise in Washington right now that tax reform may not be achieved," Stephenson said at a JPMorgan tech conference on May 23. "I am still optimistic something can still get done … bundling tax reform with an infrastructure bill would be big. I think it's achievable." Even so, one worry is that the overseas "tax holiday" for tech firms may not turn out as the bonanza it's made out to be. That depends on whether legislation puts conditions on how money could be spent and creates enforcement mechanisms. Rather than see the money go toward company stock buybacks or acquisitions, Trump and Congress could steer money toward job creation and capital spending, says a UBS analyst. "If the (Trump administration) wants to really drive inward investments within the U.S. there might have to be some sort of mandated use of cash, maybe to spend it on (capital expenditures). As yet, we do not know," UBS analyst Geoff Robinson said in a report. There's reason to think Robinson might be on the right track. "There's trillions of dollars offshore. We want to get that back into America," Gary Cohn, Trump's chief economic advisor, said in a recent interview. "We want the companies to bring the money back and put it back into the economy. We want them to create jobs." Cash-rich tech companies like Apple, Microsoft (MSFT), Google-parent Alphabet (GOOGL) and Cisco currently would pay a 35% tax on so-called "repatriated earnings." Rather than take the tax hit, they've kept the money overseas. President Trump has proposed a one-time tax of 10% on offshore earnings while the Republican-controlled House has proposed a lower 8.5% rate. The overseas tax-break that Congress passed in 2004 was called the American Jobs Creation Act, but didn't do much to stimulate the economy, analysts say. The AJCA taxed repatriated earnings at a 5.25% rate. The top five firms in bringing back cash in 2004 were drug companies Pfizer (PFE) and Merck (MRK), as well as Hewlett-Packard, Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) and IBM (IBM). According to the IRS, $312 billion was brought back in all. However, only 10% of companies eligible to bring back cash in 2004 did so, says Richard Lane, an analyst at Moody's Investor Service. Many companies kept cash overseas because of AJCA requirements, he said. The AJCA required companies to reinvest tax savings in worker hiring and training, infrastructure, research and development and capital projects. According to UBS, however, "Funds in 2004's repatriation may have been earmarked for capital investment but ultimately were spent in large part on share repurchases." UBS says that happened because the AJCA did not include a "tracking mechanism" so the government could audit companies and gauge compliance. The Trump administration could put better enforcement mechanisms in place. S&P 500 companies have more than $2.6 trillion in overseas cash. Some of that may be needed to continue funding foreign operations. The companies currently with the most overseas cash are Apple, Microsoft, Cisco, Google and Oracle (ORCL), Moody's says. While Cisco has stated any cash brought back to the U.S. could be used for reducing debt on its books, analysts have other ideas. If a tax holiday is approved, BMO Capital Markets said in a report that it "expects Cisco and Hewlett Packard Enterprise (HPE) to focus more on acquisitions, while Apple and smaller companies would likely lean more toward capital return." In the case of Apple and Cisco, some analysts envision enough cash being brought back to fund "transformative" deals. Apple has about $250 billion in cash, growing at about $50 billion a year. About 90% of Apple's cash is overseas. A one-time, 10% repatriation tax would give Apple some $220 billion for acquisitions or buybacks, Citigroup analyst Jim Suva said in a report. Suva speculated that Apple could buy large companies such as Netflix (NFLX), Walt Disney (DIS) or Electronic Arts (EA). Cisco, meanwhile, could bring back up to $56 billion in cash from overseas, analysts say. In a report, Credit Suisse speculates that enterprise software providers ServiceNow (NOW), Splunk (SPLK), or computer security firm Palo Alto Networks (PANW) could be on Cisco's shopping list. Pacific Crest Securities adds Red Hat (RHT) and Nutanix (NTNX) to the list of possible Cisco targets. Intel (INTC) is among semiconductor companies with a cash hoard overseas. Intel could bring back about $12 billion, says BMO Capital Markets. Nvidia (NVDA) and Qualcomm (QCOM) also have significant overseas cash. But, BMO Capital does not expect a Trump tax holiday to spur an acquisition spree among chipmakers. REINHARDT KRAUSE | Facebook | @IBD_RKrause Share this: Related news Stock Futures: Apple Plays Catch-Up; Does The Nasdaq Need A Break? 11:32 PM ET Stock futures held near record levels Sunday though the Nasdaq has risen well above its 50-day. Apple may be playing... 11:32 PM ET Stock futures held near record levels Sunday though the Nasdaq... Why Facebook, Apple-Supplier Taiwan Semi Lead 5 Stocks For Your Watch List Politics May Upstage Apple's Show-And-Tell: Investing Action Plan Top Funds Shine With Lumentum, Buy Stamps.com Foreign Stocks Look Attractive To Mutual Fund Managers Apple (AAPL) Stock Quotes, Company News And Chart Analysis Earnings Calendar, Analyst Estimates And Stocks To Watch A Surprise Big-Cap Breakout As Stocks Open June With Two-Day Rally Alphabet (GOOGL) Stock Quotes, Company News And Chart Analysis Today's Spotlight IBD University Get the education and investing resources to make more money in the stock market. Check out more. IBD Trading Summit Attend a Summit in Boston (6/10) or St. Louis (6/24) to learn about swing trading and growth stocks! View Archived Webinar Now Learn advanced buying strategies & see current examples of how these techniques can boost your portfolio profits. More News What To Expect From Apple's Big Software Developers Show Who Will Win The Oil Wars? U.S. Shale, OPEC Or Consumers? The time to build an ark is when the sun is shining Promoted Content By Direxion Special Report Which Stocks Are Showing Rising Relative Strength? See which stocks just got an IBD RS Rating upgrade. TRADING CENTER INVESTING RESOURCES SUBSCRIBE TO THE IBD DIGITAL EDITION Get 4 free weeks of the IBD Digital edition plus access to IBD's exclusive market analysis, proprietary stock ratings and interactive tools. WATCH, LEARN AND LISTEN WITH IBD VIDEOS Stay on top of the market with IBD's exclusive videos. You will find the latest news, market analysis, and education to help you become a more successful investor. GETTING STARTED WITH IBD Get the most out of IBD's products and features by learning the CAN SLIM Investing System and staying in sync with the market trend. IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices About Us Advertising Contact Us Terms & Privacy Policy Site Map IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices Stock Market Today The Big Picture Economic Calendar Investing Workshops New to IBD Economy Technology Politics Editorials Co-Browse Connect With Us On Notice: Information contained herein is not and should not be construed as an offer, solicitation, or recommendation to buy or sell securities. The information has been obtained from sources we believe to be reliable; however no guarantee is made or implied with respect to its accuracy, timeliness, or completeness. Authors may own the stocks they discuss. The information and content are subject to change without notice. *Real-time prices by Bats®. Volume delayed. Real-time quote and/or trade prices are not sourced from all markets. © 2000-2017 Investor's Business Daily, Inc. All rights reserved
CBC.caMENU TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Canada 2017 Local More Watch Listen Log in SEARCH British Columbia Kamloops Calgary Edmonton Saskatchewan Saskatoon Manitoba Thunder Bay Sudbury Windsor Kitchener-Waterloo Hamilton Toronto Ottawa Montreal New Brunswick Prince Edward Island Nova Scotia Newfoundland & Labrador North Kids Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Podcasts Games Contests Site Map CBC Member CBC User You currently have: 0 Likes 0 Comments Subscriptions Go to the Subscriptions Centre to manage your: CBC Newsletters Daily Digests Breaking Alerts Log Out Log out of your CBC account. My Profile My Subscriptions Log Out Nova Scotia LIVE Halifax More Streams CBC Radio One Listen Live CBC News Canada CBC News Navigation Home Opinion World Canada Politics Business Health Entertainment Technology & Science Video Canada NS Take a peek at the Apple Blossom Festival's early days Chris Gertridge has stumbled across a few photographs that he believes have historical value By David Irish, CBC News Posted: May 28, 2017 1:20 PM AT Last Updated: May 28, 2017 1:20 PM AT This image was created between 1910 and 1920 and depicts an area around Grand Pre, N.S. (Submitted by Chris Gertridge) Related Stories Kentville to host Apple Blossom parade after all Apple Blossom rolls on after turning to crowdfunding for donations Chris Gertridge modestly calls his large collection of antique Nova Scotia photos "junk," but deep down he knows a handful of them hold great historical value — especially to the Apple Blossom Festival.  The festival has been held in the Annapolis Valley, usually on the last weekend in May, for the last 85 years.  Gertridge may not have been collecting photos for that long, but he's stumbled across a few photographs that date back to the festival's early days.  A snap shot of the Apple Blossom Festival in 1933. (Submitted by Chris Gertridge) "I joke that maybe I'll open up a museum one day with all my junk in it," he said Saturday. Gertridge, who's lived in the Annapolis Valley his entire life, has been acquiring hundreds of antique photos for nearly 20 years. He said he's found them all over the world — as far away as Australia.  He finds them in yard sales, public library sales, but mostly from eBay. He's uses his own money with the only aim of sharing his discoveries with others online.  An early ad for the festival that highlights some of its events. (Submitted by Chris Gertridge) "Obsession is one way to put it," he said. "I try to limit it to under $20, but I've gone so far as to spend $100 on one piece that I felt I couldn't live without." His collection began with postcard dated 1907, depicting the Gaspereau Valley. Chris Gertridge started his collection after spotting this 1907 postcard, which depicts the Gaspereau Valley and even his current home. (Submitted by Chris Gertridge) "And I noticed on this postcard I could see my family's farm. And I thought, 'My gosh, that's really cool! That's the house I live in right now!'"  Gertridge said he'll continue collecting and sharing the images online as long as he has the space. "I don't see it stopping any time soon," he said.  An apple orchard in bloom, just one of many photos from Chris Gertridge's collection of photographs. (Submitted by Chris Gertridge) Report Typo or Error Send Feedback Stay Connected with CBC News Mobile Facebook Podcasts Twitter Alerts Newsletter Weather Severe weather warnings or watches in effect for: Halifax Partly Cloudy 7°C Sydney Light Drizzle 7°C Yarmouth Cloudy 11°C Annapolis Royal Partly Cloudy 9°C Greenwood Partly Cloudy 9°C More Weather | Latest Nova Scotia News Headlines Bowling alley investment plan hits gutter in East Hants Home sharing program aims to end housing crisis in Annapolis Royal Halifax author Kris Bertin wins $10,000 Danuta Gleed Literary Award This outdoor classroom will help make learning a breeze Thousands of pounds of lobster spill onto highway near Port Mouton Top News Headlines 'He held her and watched her die in his arms': Canadian killed in London was struck on bridge 'It's not going to stop me': Londoners defiant in wake of terror attack Libyan-Canadian cleric linked to Manchester bomber plans return to Canada to clear his name 'I lost everything': Regina couple says province's witness protection program failed them Canadian musical about 9/11 wins 3 major New York theatre awards Most Viewed Thousands of pounds of lobster spill onto highway near Port Mouton Tributes pour in for Wade Smith, beloved mentor and educator Man shot while mowing lawn in North Preston Wade Smith, admired Halifax educator and coach, dies Cape Breton farmer released from hospital after shooting Two men face charges after Cape Breton shooting Home sharing program aims to end housing crisis in Annapolis Royal Jimmy Melvin Jr. found not guilty of murder Fight over who owns dirt road a 'nightmare' costing Nova Scotia tens of thousands Woman airlifted to hospital after highway crash near Tatamagouche Don't Miss 'He held her and watched her die in his arms': London attack victim from Castlegar, B.C. Analysis 'It's not going to stop me': Londoners defiant in wake of terror attack Libyan-Canadian cleric linked to Manchester bomber plans return to Canada to clear his name 'I lost everything': Couple says Sask. witness protection program failed them New Come From Away wins 3 Drama Desk Awards, including outstanding musical Ariana Grande returns to the stage for Manchester benefit show Is Apple building a Siri speaker? We might find out this week Junior hockey's biggest fight isn't on the ice — it's in the courtroom Man who mowed lawn with tornado behind him says he 'was keeping an eye on it' 'Boosting the economy from the bottom up': Why minimum wage hikes are a good thing Bell, Rogers, Telus raise some internet prices — while small providers drop theirs 7 dead, 21 critically injured in London attack 'I made it': B.C. teen becomes youngest climber to reach Canada's highest peak What to look for when choosing sunscreen for your kids: Your sun protection questions answered 'Enough is enough,' U.K. PM says after latest London attacks Explore CBC CBC Home TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Kids Local Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Games Contests Site Map Stay Connected Apps RSS Podcasts Newsletters & Alerts Services and Information Corporate Info Public Appearances Commercial Services Reuse & Permission Terms of Use Privacy Policy CBC Shop Help Contact Us Jobs Doing Business with Us Renting Facilities CBC Radio-Canada ©2017 CBC/Radio-Canada. All rights reserved Visitez Radio-Canada.ca
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Cars TECH Android Apple Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable MORE Entertainment Science Health Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Cars Tech   Android Apple Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable More   Entertainment Science Health Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search Swiss watchmaker H. Moser creates $27k Apple Watch lookalike Adam Westlake - May 28, 2017 6 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit If you happen to really like the look and design of the Apple Watch, but are also a tired-and-true fan of traditional mechanical watches, then here’s a timepiece that’s just for you. Swiss watchmaker H. Moser has announced a new watch that almost perfectly mimics the look of Apple’s smartwatch, yet it’s 100% mechanical, meaning there’s no display, no touch input, and no health or fitness tracking — no ‘smarts’ of any kind. So, how much would you pay for an Apple Watch-resembling non-smartwatch? Hopefully you said $27,000, because that’s the price H. Moser has come up with for the “Swiss Alp Watch Zzzz” (yes, that’s its real name). At least they only plan to make 20 units in total, making this rarer than the original Apple Watch Edition. At first glance, this really does look exactly like an Apple Watch, and even a devoted Apple fan would have to look closely to notice the differences. Since it’s mechanical, H. Moser’s timepiece has no side button or Digital Crown, instead using a traditional crown for winding purposes. But even the minimally designed face could be mistaken for the now iconic smartwatch’s, despite the fact that there’s no screen to turn on or off. It seems like Swiss Alp Watch Zzzz is intended to be the entire Swiss watch industry’s dig at Apple for superseding them in sales over the last few years. H. Moser’s press release even refers to the design as akin to a “smartwatch which is powered off or in standby.” But here’s the real giveaway: “In this watch, the now iconic model features neither indices nor logo on its dial, proving that true luxury is unmistakable, and immediately identifiable, even without obvious marketing,” says the press release. The only thing this watch is going to be identified as is an Apple Watch, and the only thing unmistakable is that H. Moser must be trying to pull a fast one on us. SOURCE H. Moser Story Timeline This smartwatch prototype moves in five different ways Study: Apple Watch is 97% accurate in identifying abnormal heart beat This Pokemon watch costs more than a house Nike+ Apple Watch bands match new Air VaporMax running shoes Samsung patents smartwatch with a zoom-lens camera Tags Apple WatchluxurysmartwatchwatchwatchesWearable Must Read Bits & Bytes Apple’s roadmap allegedly leaked: iPhone 8, Glasses, 2018 MacBook, more Coinbase tipped at $1b valuation as demand for cryptocurrency soars Why DigiByte’s price is soaring: $DGB, Minecraft, Memes, and Citibank Rooting Android phones is no longer cool, it’s a liability Trump pulls US from Paris Agreement: Elon Musk quits councils as tech firms react Latest Headlines Sony tees off first mobile game in Japan Jun 4, 2017 OnePlus 2 will no longer receive updates Jun 4, 2017 SpaceX lands 11th rocket following first launch of reused Dragon capsule Jun 4, 2017 Del.icio.us link-sharing site shuts down after Pinboard acquisition Jun 4, 2017 Essential hit with trademark dispute from Spigen Jun 4, 2017 Latest Reviews HTC U11 Review: You won’t buy this, but you should Jun 1, 2017 Elgato Eve Degree Review: A simple temperature & humidity HomeKit sensor May 31, 2017 Lenovo Thinkpad 13 Review (2017): Cheap and mostly cheerful May 30, 2017 Cinder Grill Review: Sous-vide’s even geekier rival May 29, 2017 Pirates of the Caribbean 5 Review: A bad end to an OK series May 29, 2017 Search © 2005-2017 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Swiss watchmaker trolls Apple with $27,000 Apple Watch knockoff Chris Smith BGR News May 28, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share The watch above is an Apple Watch knockoff, created by a famous Swiss watchmaker, has no smart features and sells for almost $27,000. Now that’s some truly impressive trolling. Don't Miss: Verizon may have just made the world’s most pointless thing From the distance, H. Moser’s Swiss Alp Watch Zzzz — yes, that’s a terrible name — looks exactly like an Apple Watch. It’s got the same rectangular shape complete with curved edges that seem to blend right into the metal frame, and a deep black display. However, that’s not a display, and that’s not a smartwatch. Apple Watch fans will also immediately recognize the absence of the Digital Crown and the side button. Also, you shouldn’t be able to see the time on a Watch with the screen turned off. This is just trolling of the highest order. H. Moser even compares the device to “a smartwatch which is powered off or in standby” in its press release, without naming the smartwatch in question. In fact, the press release seems to make a strong case for an Apple lawsuit that would argue H. Moser is simply trying to cash in on the Apple Watch popularity. The Swiss maker might be trolling Apple hard, but the Apple Watch maker is making more money from watch sales than many Swiss companies. “In this watch, the now iconic model features neither indices nor logo on its dial, proving that true luxury is unmistakable, and immediately identifiable, even without obvious marketing,” the press release notes. Yes, you can immediately notice it’s an Apple Watch. “The black dial — stripped not just of any signature, but also of its indices — is strictly minimalist. On this model, there is no interface: the Swiss Alp Watch Zzzz is designed to display the time, something it does beautifully. Seemingly simple, it is anything but,” the press release says. Right. When it’s not trolling Apple, the Swiss Alp Watch Zzzz does four days of life on a power reserve, after which you’ll have to wind it by hand. Aside from the Zzzz model, H. Moser is also selling an equally poorly named Swiss Alp Watch Brrrr that comes with a blue dial. Each model sells for $26,900, and H. Moser will only make 20 units of each. Trending right now: How to play the ‘ARMS’ Global Testpunch on Nintendo Switch this weekend BMW’s new bike produces zero emissions, and is absolutely gorgeous New report reaffirms the iPhone 8’s most exciting new feature See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Share What to Read Next Inventor of “Iron Man” jet suit beats his own speed record Yahoo Tech 5 Most Rewarding Travel Card Offers NerdWalletSponsored Rumor claims Apple’s MacBook Air line is dead BGR News Microsoft's Xbox Game Pass will end your free time forever Yahoo Tech Google's autonomous car company is now testing out self-driving trucks Yahoo Tech Wallet-worthy upgrade—Discover Cashback Match Discover CardSponsored Uber posts $708 million loss and says finance head left Yahoo Tech How to install Android apps on your Windows computer, the easy way Digital Trends How the Microsoft Surface Pro compares to Apple's best Yahoo Tech A Card Now Offering a $200 Bonus To New Customers NextAdvisorSponsored Microsoft's Skype draws inspiration from Snapchat in big redesign Yahoo Tech How Washington is throwing away its shot at protecting your privacy Yahoo Tech New leak sheds light on Apple’s secretive ‘smart glasses’ project BGR News An Insane Card Offering A 0% APR Until August 2018 NextAdvisorSponsored Why Amazon let 4,000 dogs into its Seattle headquarters Yahoo Tech Mark Zuckerberg: The most important thing I built at Harvard Yahoo Tech Zuckerberg to Harvard grads: 'You have to create a sense of purpose for others' Yahoo Tech The Ultimate List Of Iconic Swimsuit Moments... www.hooch.netSponsored People are going to pay $880 for this ‘Pirates of the Caribbean’ Galaxy S8, sadly BGR News No, your Apple computer isn't immune from ransomware Yahoo Tech The new Samsung Galaxy does 27 things the iPhone doesn't Yahoo Tech Trunk Club. Making Sense of Style. Trunk ClubSponsored The most important announcements from Google's big developers' conference Yahoo Tech No one will ever find this hidden spy cam BGR News How to avoid the massive WannaCry ransomware attack Yahoo Tech What Happened To Lynda Carter? SemesterzSponsored A widely praised Supreme Court decision still doesn't fix the broken patent system Yahoo Tech
PhoneDog Android And Me TmoNews NEW Official Smartphone Rankings, Vote NOW! TodaysiPhone.com The source for news, reviews, and articles surrounding Apple. Navigation Home News / Articles App Reviews Accessory Reviews Podcast HOT TOPICS: iPhone 8 TV app AirPods MacBook Pro with Touch Bar iPad Pro You are here: Home > Today is the last day to purchase Apple’s discounted USB-C accessories Today is the last day to purchase Apple’s discounted USB-C accessories March 31, 2017 Peter Cao 2 Comments Since early November, Apple has discounted all USB-C and Thunderbolt 3 accessories purchased through them. This includes the LG UltraFine 4K & 5K displays. The discounts were done to help ease customers into the transition to USB-C. Apple’s discounts end at the end of March, which means today, March 31, is the last day customers are able to take advantage of the offers before prices go back up. Today is the last day to purchase the UltraFine displays which are up to 25 percent off, giving customers a deep discount, especially on the 5K display. The 5K display costs $1,299.95 normally but has been discounted down to $974. Non-Apple endorsed USB-C accessories are also discounted, which includes hard drives, cables, adapters, and more. The deal was originally set to expire on December 31, 2016 but was extended until March 31, 2017 after extensive delays on the LG UltraFine 5K Display. Apple could potentially extend the sale again but it’s best to make your USB-C purchases today as it’s unclear if Apple will ever make the sale again. Tags: Apple Online Store, Apple Store, sale, Thunderbolt 3, USB-C About Peter Cao Peter has a passion for music and technology. He conceits himself by religiously rocking the Apple brand. You can find him on Twitter @iPeterCao. View all posts by Peter Cao → ← Australian banks officially denied right to negotiate terms with Apple lara137 After endless rumors, speculation and photos were the Samsung leaked Samsung Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8 Plus, perhaps the least well-kept secrets in the mobile. In a new edition of Samsung in London and Unpacked New York, the manufacturer made the devices for the first time officially revealed. You can buy Galaxy S8 from April 28, at a suggested retail price of 799 euros. In all major providers you can from this Galaxy S8 subscription tonight. Go for a loose Galaxy S8 Plus, it will cost you 899 euros, but here you can opt for a Galaxy S8 plus subscription. The first Samsung Galaxy Postmen S8 has a special pre-order action. Buy now, because you have the device already at home on April 20th. Official Samsung Galaxy S8 http://www.mobiles6.com/official-samsung-galaxy-s8-s8-plus-need-know/ RedGeminiPA I think it’s time to take this site off my daily view list. There hasn’t been a thing posted in nearly 2 months. Select a phone: (optional) + - Any - 3G|4G U301 USB Modem Acer Aspire One Netbook Acer Liquid M220 Airave 2.5 Plus Alcatel 510A Alcatel 768 Alcatel 871A GoPhone Alcatel A392G Alcatel Fling Alcatel One Touch 991 Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel OneTouch Conquest Alcatel OneTouch Elevate Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fierce Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (4.7") Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (5.5") Alcatel OneTouch Pop 7 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon Alcatel OneTouch Pop Mega Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star LTE Alcatel OneTouch Retro ALCATEL OneTouch Sonic LTE Alcatel Pop C9 Alcatel Pop D3 Alcatel Venture Amazon Fire Phone Anna Sui Mobile by Samsung Apple iPad 2 16GB Apple iPad 2 32GB Apple iPad 2 64GB Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad Mini 3 Apple iPad mini 4 Apple iPad mini with Retina Display Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad with Retina Display Apple iPhone 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 8 GB Apple iPhone 3G S 32 GB Apple iPhone 3GS Apple iPhone 4 Apple iPhone 4S Apple iPhone 5 Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6s Plus ASUS MeMO Pad 7 LTE ASUS MeMO Pad FHD 10 LTE ASUS PadFone X mini ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenWatch 2 AT&T Avail 2 AT&T F160 AT&T Impulse 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot Elevate 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot MiFi 2372 AT&T Quickfire AT&T Radiant GoPhone AT&T Unite AT&T Unite Pro AT&T USBConnect 900 AT&T USBConnect Adrenaline AT&T USBConnect Force 4G AT&T USBConnect Mercury AT&T USBConnect Momentum 4G AT&T USBConnect Shockwave AT&T USBConnect Turbo AT&T USBConnect Velocity AT&T Z222 GoPhone AT&T Z331 AT&T Z998 GoPhone Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox PC5740 EVDO PC Card Audiovox VI600 Audiovox XV6600 Betsey Johnson Mobile by Samsung Big Button Flip Alcatel A392G BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7290 BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8820 BlackBerry Bold BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9700 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Bold 9900 BlackBerry Bold 9930 BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Curve 3G BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Curve 8320 BlackBerry Curve 8330 BlackBerry Curve 8350i BlackBerry Curve 8520 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8900 BlackBerry Curve 9310 BlackBerry Curve 9315 BlackBerry Curve 9330 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9370 BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Pearl BlackBerry Pearl 3G BlackBerry Pearl 8110 BlackBerry Pearl 8120 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8230 BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Storm BlackBerry Storm2 BlackBerry Style BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9850 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Tour BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Z30 Blackphone 2 BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Life View BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0C BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio Selfie LTE Boost MAX by ZTE Boost Warp 4G by ZTE Brigadier by Kyocera Casio EXILIM Casio G'zOne Boulder CASIO G'zONE Ravine 2 (Non-Camera) Casio GzOne Brigade Casio GzOne Commando Casio GzOne Ravine Casio GzOne Ravine 2 Casio GzOne Rock CAT B15Q CAT S40 Compaq Mini 110c-1048NR Coolpad Arise Coolpad Flo Coolpad Quattro 4G Dell Inspiron 14z Laptop Dell Inspiron Mini 10 with T-Mobile webConnect Dell Inspiron Mini 1012 Dell Streak 7 Diane Von Furstenberg Mobile by Samsung DROID 2 by Motorola DROID 2 Global by Motorola DROID 3 by Motorola DROID 4 by Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G by Motorola DROID by Motorola DROID CHARGE by Samsung Droid DNA by HTC DROID ERIS by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 by HTC DROID Incredible 4G LTE by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE by HTC DROID Pro by Motorola DROID R2 D2 by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola 16GB DROID RAZR HD by Motorola DROID RAZR M by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola DROID Turbo DROID X by Motorola DROID X2 by Motorola Enact by LG Ericsson c905a Ericsson Equinox Ericsson TM506 Ericsson Vivaz Ericsson W350 Ericsson W518a Ericsson w760a Ericsson Z750a Firefly Fivespot Global Ready Franklin Wireless U680 USB Galaxy Nexus by Samsung Garmin Garminfone Garmin nuvifone G60 Gateway LT2016u Netbook Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 5 Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 9 Google Pixel C HP iPAQ Glisten HP Mini 110 Netbook HP Mini 110-1050NR HP Mini 1151NR Netbook HP Mini 210-1076NR Netbook HP Mini 311-1037NR Netbook HP Veer 4G HTC 8XT HTC Amaze HTC Aria HTC Arrive HTC Desire HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 526 HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 612 HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 626s HTC Desire 816 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire EYE HTC Droid DNA HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 4G HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO Design 4G HTC EVO Shift 4G HTC EVO View 4G HTC First HTC Freestyle HTC FUZE HTC HD 7 HTC HD2 HTC HD7S HTC Hero HTC Imagio HTC Inspire 4G HTC Jetstream HTC Merge HTC Mogul Pocket PC 6800 HTC One HTC One (E8) HTC One (M8) HTC One (M8) For Windows HTC One A9 HTC One M9 HTC One Max HTC One mini HTC One remix HTC One S HTC One SV HTC One V HTC One X HTC One X+ HTC Ozone HTC PPC6800 HTC Pure HTC Radar HTC Rezound HTC Rhyme HTC S621 Excalibur HTC S630 Cavalier HTC Sensation HTC Snap HTC Status HTC Surround HTC Thunderbolt HTC Tilt 2 HTC Titan HTC Titan II HTC Touch HTC Touch Diamond HTC Touch Pro HTC Touch Pro 2 HTC Trophy HTC Vivid HTC Wildfire S Huawei Activa 4G Huawei Ascend HUAWEI Ascend II Huawei Ascend Mate 2 Huawei Ascend Plus Huawei Ascend W1 Huawei Ascend Y Huawei EC168 Huawei Glory Huawei H210C Huawei H215G Huawei H866C Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Inspira Huawei M735 Huawei M835 Huawei Mate S Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei P8 lite Huawei Pal Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Premia 4G Huawei SnapTo Huawei Summit Huawei U8651T Prism Huawei Union Huawei Valiant Huawei Verge Huawei Vitria Huawei Watch Jolla Tablet KIN One KIN Two Kyocera 126C Kyocera 323 Kyocera Brigadier Kyocera Brio Kyocera Coast Kyocera Contact Kyocera DuraCore Kyocera DuraForce Kyocera DuraMax Kyocera DuraPlus Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraXT Kyocera DuraXV Kyocera E1000 Kyocera E1100 Neo Kyocera E2000 Kyocera Echo Kyocera Event Kyocera Hydro Kyocera Hydro Edge Kyocera Hydro Elite Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Vibe Kyocera Hydro Wave Kyocera Hydro XTRM Kyocera K132 Kyocera Kona Kyocera Loft Kyocera Milano Kyocera Presto Kyocera Rise Kyocera SE47 Slider Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torque Kyocera TorqueXT Kyocera Verve LG 221C LG 101 LG 1500 LG 220C LG 231C LG 235C LG 236C LG 320G LG 400G LG 450 LG 500G LG 505C LG 511C LG 600G LG 620G LG 800G LG 900G LG A340 LG A380 LG Access LTE LG Accolade LG Ally LG Arena LG Aspire LG AX155 LG AX300 LG AX310 LG AX565 LG AX8600 LG Banter LG Beacon LG CF360 LG Chocolate 3 LG Chocolate Touch LG Chocolate VX8550 LG Chocolate White LG Clout LG Connect 4G LG Cosmos LG Cosmos 2 LG Cosmos 3 LG Cosmos Touch LG Dare LG Decoy LG dLite LG Doubleplay LG Enact LG Encore LG Enlighten LG enV Touch LG enV VX11000 LG enV VX9900 LG enV2 LG enV3 LG Escape LG Esteem LG Exalt LG eXpo LG Extravert LG Extravert 2 LG Fathom LG G Flex LG G Flex 2 LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad F7.0 LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G Vista 2 LG G2 LG G3 LG G3 Vigor LG G4 LG Glance LG Glimmer LG Google Nexus 4 LG GS170 LG GU295 LG INCITE LG Intuition LG Invision LG L35G SIM4 LG Lancet LG Leon LTE LG Lotus LG Lotus Elite LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 3 LG Lucky LG LX150 LG LX160 LG LX290 LG LX350 LG LX370 LG LX400 LG LX550 LG Mach LG Marquee LG Migo LG Motion 4G LG Muziq LX570 LG Neon LG Neon II LG Nexus 5X LG Nitro HD LG Octane LG Optimus Black LG Optimus Dynamic LG Optimus Dynamic II LG Optimus Elite LG Optimus Exceed LG Optimus Exceed 2 LG Optimus Extreme LG Optimus F3 LG Optimus F3Q LG Optimus F6 LG Optimus F7 LG Optimus Fuel LG Optimus G LG Optimus G Pro LG Optimus L70 LG Optimus L9 LG Optimus L90 LG Optimus Logic LG Optimus M LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus Net LG Optimus One P500 LG Optimus Q LG Optimus S LG Optimus SHOWTIME LG Optimus T LG Optimus Ultimate LG Optimus Zip LG Optimus Zone LG Optimus Zone 2 LG Phoenix LG PM-225 LG Prime LG Quantum LG Realm LG Remarq LG Revere LG Revere 2 LG Revere 3 LG Revolution LG Rhythm LG Rumor LG Rumor 2 LG Rumor Reflex LG Rumor Reflex S LG Rumor Touch LG Scoop LG Sentio LG Shine CU720 LG Shine II LG Spirit 4G LG Sunrise LG Swift LG Thrill LG Transpyre LG Tribute LG Tribute 2 LG Tritan LG Ultimate 2 LG UX145 LG UX260 LG UX280 LG UX300 LG UX380 LG UX565 LG UX830 LG V10 LG Venice LG Versa LG VI-125 LG VI-5225 LG Viper LG VL600 4G USB Modem LG Volt LG Volt 2 LG Vortex LG Vu CU915 LG Vu CU920 LG Vu Plus LG VX3100 LG VX3300 LG VX3400 LG VX3450 LG VX3450L LG VX4400 LG VX4500 LG VX5200 LG VX5400 LG VX5500 LG VX7000 LG VX8000 LG VX8300 LG VX8350 LG VX8360 LG VX8600 LG VX9800 LG Watch Urbane LG Xenon LG Xpression LG Xpression 2 LG100C LG200C LG225 LG300G LG400G LG501C LG620G LG900G Lucid 3 by LG Lucid by LG Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL MiFi 2200 Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot MiFi 500 LTE by Novatel Wireless Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm Moto 360 Sport Motorola 408 Motorola A1200 Ming Motorola A630 Motorola ACTV Motorola Admiral Motorola Adventure V750 Motorola Atrix 2 Motorola Atrix 4G Motorola Atrix HD Motorola Backflip Motorola Bali Motorola Barrage Motorola Bravo Motorola Brute i680 Motorola Brute i686 Motorola Buzz ic502 Motorola C139 Motorola C168i Motorola Charm Motorola Citrus Motorola CLIQ Motorola CLIQ 2 Motorola CLIQ XT Motorola Clutch i465 Motorola Clutch i475 Motorola Debut i856 Motorola Defy Motorola Defy XT Motorola Devour Motorola Droid Bionic Motorola DROID MAXX Motorola DROID Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Mini Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Droid XYBoard 10.1 Motorola Droid XYBoard 8.2 Motorola E815 Motorola EM326g Motorola EM330 Motorola Entice Motorola Evoke Motorola EX124G Motorola EX431G Motorola Flipout Motorola Flipside Motorola Gallo i296 Motorola Hint Motorola Hint QA30 Motorola i1 Motorola i412 Motorola i530b Motorola i530y Motorola i570 Motorola i576 Motorola i605 Motorola i710 Motorola i776 Motorola i830 Motorola i880 Motorola i886 Motorola i890 Motorola Karma QA1 Motorola Krave ZN4 Motorola KRZR K1 Motorola KRZR K1m Motorola L2 Motorola L6 Motorola Luge Motorola Moto E (1st Gen) Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2014) Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Style (Pure Edition) Motorola MOTORAZR maxx Ve Motorola MOTORAZR VE20 Motorola PEBL Motorola PHOTON 4G Motorola Photon Q Motorola Q9 Global Motorola Q9c Motorola Q9m Motorola Rambler Motorola Rapture VU30 Motorola RAZR V3 Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3i/ V3t/ V3r Motorola RAZR V3m Motorola RAZR V3xx Motorola RAZR2 V9m Motorola Renegade V950 Motorola Renew Motorola Rival Motorola RIZR Z3 Motorola RIZR Z6c Motorola ROKR Motorola ROKR E8 Motorola ROKR U9 Motorola ROKR Z6 Motorola SLVR L7c Motorola Stature i9 Motorola T722i Motorola Theory Motorola Titanium Motorola Triumph Motorola Tundra Motorola V120e Motorola V171 Motorola V180 Motorola V190 Motorola V195 Motorola V220 Motorola V235 Motorola V260 Motorola V325 Motorola V360 Motorola V551 Motorola V600 Motorola V60s Motorola V710 Motorola VE465 Motorola VU204 Motorola W315 Motorola W375g Motorola W380 Motorola W385 Motorola W408g Motorola W409G Motorola W418G Motorola W490 Motorola W755 Motorola XOOM Motorola XOOM 4G LTE Motorola XPRT Motorola Z9 Motorola Zine ZN5 myTouch 4G NEC Terrain Netgear 341U USB Modem Netgear Mingle Mobile Hotspot Netgear Zing Nexbit Robin Nexus S 4G Nexus S from Google Nokia 1208 Nokia 1600 Nokia 1616 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1680 Nokia 2320 Nokia 2330 Nokia 2600 Nokia 2605 Mirage Nokia 2610 Nokia 2630 Nokia 2660 Nokia 2680 Nokia 2720 Nokia 2760 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3555 Nokia 3588i Nokia 3660 Nokia 3711 Nokia 5130 Nokia 5230 Nuron Nokia 5310 XpressMusic Nokia 5610 Nokia 6010 Nokia 6015i Nokia 6030 Nokia 6085 Nokia 6101 Nokia 6102i Nokia 6133 Nokia 6165i Nokia 6205 Nokia 6215i Nokia 6236i Nokia 6263 Nokia 6301 Nokia 6315i Nokia 6350 Nokia 6555 Nokia 6650 Nokia 6800 Nokia 7205 Intrigue Nokia 7510 Nokia 7705 Twist Nokia Astound Nokia C3 Nokia E71 Nokia E71x Nokia E73 Mode Nokia Lumia 1020 Nokia Lumia 1520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia Lumia 521 Nokia Lumia 530 Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 635 Nokia Lumia 710 Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 820 Nokia Lumia 822 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 900 Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia Lumia 925 Nokia Lumia 928 Nokia Lumia Icon Nokia Mural Nokia N1 Nokia N73 Nokia N75 Nokia N95 8GB Nokia NGage Nokia Surge Nokia Twist 7705 Nokia VI-3155 Nokia X2 Novatel EX720 ExpressCard Novatel Merlin C777 Novatel Merlin S620 Novatel MiFi 2200 Novatel MiFi 5580 Novatel Ovation U727 Novatel Ovation U760 Novatel PC770 PCmCIA Novatel S720 Novatel U760 Novatel USB1000 Global Modem Novatel V620 EVDO PC Card Novatel V640 PC/Mac USB Broadband Card Novatel V740 PC/Mac Wireless Broadband Card OnePlus 2 OnePlus One OnePlus X Option Quicksilver USB Modem Overdrive 3G 4G Mobile Hotspot Overdrive Pro 3G/4G Hotspot Palm Centro Palm M500 Palm Pixi Palm Pixi Plus Palm Pre Palm Pre 2 Palm Pre Plus Palm Pro Palm Pro Palm Treo 650 Palm Treo 700p Palm Treo 700w Palm Treo 700wx Palm Treo 755p Palm Treo 800w Palm Treo Pro Pantech Breakout Pantech Breeze Pantech Breeze II Pantech Breeze III Pantech Burst Pantech C120 Pantech C300 Pantech C3b Pantech C610 Pantech Caper Pantech Crossover Pantech Crux Pantech Ease Pantech Hotshot Pantech Impact Pantech Jest 2 Pantech Laser Pantech Link Pantech Link II Pantech Marauder Pantech Matrix Pantech Matrix Pro Pantech Perception Pantech PN-820 Pantech Pocket Pantech Pursuit Pantech Pursuit II Pantech Renue Pantech Reveal Pantech Slate Pantech Swift Pantech UML290 4G USB Modem Pantech UML295 LTE USB Modem PCD Chaser Phone Connect 3 Plum Might Z513 Que 4.5 Que 5.0 REEF RIM BlackBerry 6710 RIM BlackBerry 7100t RIM BlackBerry 7105t RIM BlackBerry 7130e RIM BlackBerry 7230 RIM BlackBerry 8700g Rugged CAT S50 S275G Samsung 4G Mobile Hotspot LC11 Samsung A107 Samsung A117 Samsung A127 Samsung A137 Samsung A167 Samsung A187 Samsung A197 Samsung A237 Samsung A580 Samsung A630 Samsung A637 Samsung A650 Samsung A670 Samsung A777 Samsung A870 Samsung A890 Samsung A930 Samsung A950 Samsung A970 Samsung A990 Samsung Access Samsung Ace i325 Samsung Admire Samsung Alias 2 Samsung Array Samsung ATIV Odyssey Samsung ATIV S Neo Samsung ATIV SE Samsung Beat Samsung Behold Samsung Behold II Samsung BlackJack i607 Samsung BlackJack II i617 Samsung Brightside Samsung Captivate Samsung Captivate Glide Samsung Comeback Samsung Conquer 4G Samsung Continuum Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Convoy Samsung Convoy 2 Samsung Convoy 3 Samsung Craft Samsung D415 Samsung D900 Samsung Dart Samsung Delve Samsung DoubleTime Samsung E105 Samsung E315 Samsung E335 Samsung E635 Samsung E715 Samsung Entro Samsung Epic Samsung Epix Samsung Eternity Samsung Eternity II Samsung Evergreen Samsung Exclaim Samsung Exhibit 4G Samsung Exhibit II 4G Samsung Factor Samsung Fascinate Samsung Flight Samsung Flight II Samsung FlipShot SCH-U900 Samsung Focus Samsung Focus 2 Samsung Focus Flash Samsung Focus S Samsung Freeform Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform M Samsung Galaxy Ace Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace Style Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Appeal Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Avant Samsung Galaxy Centura Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Samsung Galaxy Discover Samsung Galaxy Exhibit Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy J1 LTE Samsung Galaxy Light Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Samsung Galaxy Note II Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Precedent Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Reverb Samsung Galaxy Ring Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro Samsung Galaxy Rush Samsung Galaxy S 4 zoom Samsung Galaxy S 4G Samsung Galaxy S Blaze Samsung Galaxy S II Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy S III Mini Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy Stardust Samsung Galaxy Stellar Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II Samsung Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 16GB Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 32GB Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy View Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gleam U700 Samsung Glyde Samsung GO Netbook Samsung Gravity Samsung Gravity 2 Samsung Gravity 3 Samsung Gravity Q Samsung Gravity SMART Samsung Gravity T Samsung Gravity TXT Samsung Gusto Samsung Gusto 2 Samsung Gusto 3 Samsung Haven Samsung Highlight Samsung Highnote Samsung Hue II Samsung Illusion Samsung Impression Samsung Infuse 4G Samsung Instinct Samsung Instinct HD Samsung Instinct S30 Samsung Intensity Samsung Intensity II Samsung Intensity III Samsung Intercept Samsung Intrepid Samsung IP-830 Samsung IP-A790 Samsung Jack Samsung Juke U470 Samsung Katalyst T739 Samsung Knack U310 Samsung M220 Samsung M240 Samsung M300 Samsung M320 Samsung M330 Samsung M360 Samsung M370 Samsung M400 Samsung M500 Samsung M510 Samsung M520 Samsung M610 Samsung Magnet Samsung Matrix Samsung Memoir Samsung MM-A920 Samsung Moment Samsung Muse Samsung MyShot Samsung Mysto Samsung Mythic Samsung Omnia Samsung Omnia II Samsung PM-A740 Samsung Precedent Samsung Propel Samsung Propel Pro Samsung R225m Samsung R335C Samsung R375C Samsung R451C Samsung R455C Samsung R610 Samsung Rant Samsung Reality Samsung Reclaim Samsung Renown Samsung Replenish Samsung Restore Samsung Rogue Samsung Rugby Samsung Rugby 4 Samsung Rugby II Samsung Rugby Smart Samsung S275G Samsung S380C Samsung S390G Samsung S425G Samsung Saga Samsung SCH-i600 Samsung SCH-i730 Samsung SCH-U340 Samsung SCH-U540 Samsung SCH-U620 Samsung SCH-U740 Samsung Seek Samsung SGH-T199 Samsung Smiley Samsung Smooth Samsung Solstice Samsung Solstice II Samsung SP-i600 Samsung Spex r210 Samsung SPH-i700 Samsung Stratosphere Samsung Stripe T329 Samsung Strive Samsung Sunburst Samsung Sway Samsung T109 Samsung T119 Samsung T139 Samsung T159 Samsung T201G Samsung T209 Samsung T219 Samsung T229 Samsung T239 Samsung T249 Samsung t259 Samsung T309 Samsung T319 Samsung T339 Samsung T349 Samsung T369 Samsung T401G Samsung T404G Samsung T439 Samsung T509 Samsung T519 Trace Samsung T528G Samsung T609 Samsung T619 Samsung T629 Samsung T639 Samsung t659 Samsung T719 Samsung T809 Samsung T819 Samsung Trance Samsung Transform Samsung Transform Ultra Samsung Trender Samsung U430 Samsung U450 Samsung U550 Samsung Upstage M620 Samsung VI660 Samsung Vibrant Samsung X427M Samsung X495 Samsung Z400 Samsung Z700 Samsung Zeal Sanyo 7050 Sanyo 8400 Sanyo Incognito Sanyo Innuendo Sanyo Innuendo by Kyocera Sanyo Katana Sanyo Katana DLX Sanyo Katana Eclipse Sanyo Katana Eclipse X Sanyo Katana II Sanyo Katana LX Sanyo M1 Sanyo MM-8300 Sanyo PRO-200 Sanyo PRO-700 Sanyo S1 Sanyo SCP-2400 Sanyo SCP-2700 Sanyo SCP-3100 Sanyo SCP-3200 Sanyo SCP-3810 Sanyo Taho by Kyocera Sanyo Vero by Kyocera Sanyo Zio Saygus V2 Sharp Aquos Crystal Sharp FX Sharp FX PLUS Siemens CF62T Sierra 598 USB Modem Sierra USB Lightning 305 Sierra Wireless 4G LTE Tri-Fi Hotspot Sierra Wireless AC595 PCMCIA Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595U USB PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597 ExpressCard PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AirCard 402 Sierra Wireless Compass 597 USB Modem SKY 4.0 Sky 5.0L Sonim XP STRIKE Sonim XP6 Sony C1904 Xperia M Sony Ericsson Equinox Sony Ericsson GC79 Cellular and WiFi PC Card Sony Ericsson GC89 PCMCIA PC Cell WiFi Card Sony Ericsson J220a Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson T290a Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson TM506 Sony Ericsson W580i Sony Ericsson W810i Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Sony Ericsson Z300 Sony Ericsson Z310a Sony Ericsson Z750a Sony Ericsson Z780 Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia M Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia PLAY 4G Sony Xperia T3 LTE Sony Xperia X10 Sony Xperia Z Sony Xperia Z1S Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Spectrum 2 by LG Spectrum by LG Sprint 3G 4G U600 USB Modem Sprint 3G/4G Plug-in Connect USB Sprint 3G|4G USB 250U Sprint Flash Sprint Force Sprint LivePro Sprint Phone Connect 2 Sprint Plug-in-Connect Trimode Sprint Pocket WiFi Sprint PPC 6700 Sprint Vital Sprint WeGo T-Mobile 4G LTE HotSpot Z915 T-Mobile 4G Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile 665 T-Mobile 768 T-Mobile Comet T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord II T-Mobile Dash T-Mobile Dash 3G T-Mobile G-Slate with Google T-Mobile G1 T-Mobile G2 T-Mobile G2x T-Mobile Jet 2.0 4G Stick T-Mobile MDA T-Mobile myTouch T-Mobile myTouch 3G T-Mobile myTouch 3G Slide T-Mobile myTouch 4G T-Mobile myTouch 4G Slide T-Mobile myTouch by LG T-Mobile myTouch Q T-Mobile myTouch Q by LG T-Mobile Prism T-Mobile Prism II T-Mobile Rocket 3.0 4G Laptop T-Mobile SDA T-Mobile Shadow T-Mobile Sidekick T-Mobile Sidekick 3 T-Mobile Sidekick 4G T-Mobile Sidekick iD T-Mobile Sidekick II T-Mobile Sidekick LX T-Mobile Sidekick Slide T-Mobile Sonic 4G T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Sparq II T-Mobile Tap T-Mobile webConnect Jet USB T-Mobile webConnect USB T-Mobile Wing Turing Phone UNIMAX MAXBravo Unimax MXE-675 UT Starcom PC-5740 UTStarcom Blitz UTStarcom CDM-8945 UTStarcom CDM-8975 UTStarcom Coupe UTStarcom PC5750 PCMCIA PC Broadband Card UTStarcom SMT5800 UTStarcom UM150 USB Modem UTStarcom UM175 USB UTStarcom XV6800 Pocket PC Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice Verizon 4G LTE MiFi 4510L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem UML295 Verizon AD3700 Global USB Verizon Adamant Verizon Blitz Verizon CDM8950 Verizon CDM8975 Verizon Ellipsis 8 Verizon Ellipsis Jetpack MHS800L Verizon Escapade Verizon GzOne Boulder Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 4620L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 5510L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi MHS291L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot 890L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot Verizon Jetpack MiFi 6620L Verizon Razzle Verizon SMT5800 Verizon UM175 USB Data Modem Verizon UMW190 Global USB Verizon USB760 Modem Verizon VX6900 Verizon Wireless Fivespot Global Ready 3G Mobile Hotspot Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect Verizon Wireless Salute Verizon Wireless Turbine 7.0 Verizon Wireless USB551L Virgin Mobile Awe webConnect Rocket HSPA+ Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Xperia ion by Sony YotaPhone 2 ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Aspect ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Axon Pro ZTE Boost Max+ ZTE Compel ZTE Concord II ZTE Force ZTE Fury ZTE Grand S3 ZTE Grand X Max+ ZTE Illustra ZTE Majesty ZTE Maven ZTE Merit ZTE Midnight ZTE Nubia 5S Mini ZTE Optik ZTE Overture 2 ZTE Prestige ZTE Quartz ZTE Rapido LTE ZTE Savvy ZTE Score M ZTE Solar ZTE Speed ZTE Supreme ZTE Unico LTE ZTE Valet ZTE Vital ZTE Warp ZTE Warp Elite ZTE Warp Sequent ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Whirl ZTE Z432 ZTE Z667 ZTE Zephyr ZTE Zinger ZTE ZMAX ZTE ZMAX 2 AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T Mobile Share 10GB AT&T Mobile Share 15GB AT&T Mobile Share 1GB AT&T Mobile Share 20GB AT&T Mobile Share 2GB AT&T Mobile Share 300MB AT&T Mobile Share 40GB AT&T Mobile Share 4GB AT&T Mobile Share 50GB AT&T Mobile Share 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB Boost Mobile BlackBerry Monthly Unlimited Boost Mobile Data Boost Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Plan with Shrinking Payments Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Select Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited with Growing Data CREDO Mobile 10GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 15GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 1GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 2GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 3GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 4GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 6GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 8GB Shared Data Plan FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 500MB GIV Mobile The 20 Plan GIV Mobile The 25 Plan GIV Mobile The 30 Plan GIV Mobile The 40 Plan GIV Mobile The 60 Plan MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Family (2+ Lines) Republic Refund Plan with 0.5 GB Republic Refund Plan with 1 GB Republic Refund Plan with 2 GB Republic Refund Plan with 3 GB Republic Refund Plan with 4 GB Republic Refund Plan with 5 GB Republic Wireless $10 Plan Republic Wireless $25 Plan Republic Wireless $40 Plan Republic Wireless $5 Plan (WiFi Only) Republic Wireless Base Plan ROK Mobile Ultimate Unlimited Scratch Wireless Free Plan Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $1.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $14.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $6.99 Voice Pass Solavei Prepaid Unlimited Sprint $60 Unlimited Plan Sprint All-In Wireless Smartphone + Unlimited Sprint Family Share Pack 10GB Sprint Family Share Pack 12GB Sprint Family Share Pack 16GB Sprint Family Share Pack 1GB Sprint Family Share Pack 20GB Sprint Family Share Pack 2GB Sprint Family Share Pack 32GB Sprint Family Share Pack 40GB Sprint Family Share Pack 4GB Sprint Family Share Pack 60GB Sprint Family Share Pack 8GB Sprint Prepaid $60 Unlimited Talk, Text & Data Sprint Prepaid Unlimited Voice and Texting Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Sprint Unlimited My All-In Sprint Unlimited My Way Sprint Unlimited My Way Family Straight Talk All You Need Straight Talk Unlimited T-Mobile Simple Choice T-Mobile Simple Choice Family (Includes 2+ Lines) T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan T-Mobile Simply Prepaid T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text TextNow Wireless Grande Plan TextNow Wireless Quattro Plan TextNow Wireless Tall Plan TextNow Wireless Venti Plan The Verizon Plan - 100GB The Verizon Plan - 20GB The Verizon Plan - 25GB The Verizon Plan - 30GB The Verizon Plan - 40GB The Verizon Plan - 50GB The Verizon Plan - 60GB The Verizon Plan - 80GB The Verizon Plan - L The Verizon Plan - M The Verizon Plan - S The Verizon Plan - XL The Verizon Plan - XXL Ting L Plan Ting M Plan Ting S Plan Ting XL Plan TracFone 120 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 200 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 450 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan US Mobile 100 Mins Talk US Mobile 1000 Mins Talk US Mobile 2000 Mins Talk US Mobile 250 Mins Talk US Mobile 500 Mins Talk Verizon 100GB More Everything Verizon 10GB More Everything Verizon 14GB More Everything Verizon 15GB More Everything Verizon 16GB More Everything Verizon 20GB More Everything Verizon 2GB More Everything Verizon 30GB More Everything Verizon 40GB More Everything Verizon 4GB More Everything Verizon 500MB More Everything Verizon 50GB More Everything Verizon 60GB More Everything Verizon 80GB More Everything Verizon 8GB More Everything Verizon Prepaid Smartphone Plan Verizon Wireless Smartphone Single Line Plan Virgin Mobile payLo 1500 Talk & Text Virgin Mobile payLo 400 Minutes Virgin Mobile payLo Unlimited Talk & Text Virgin Mobile Unlimited + International + Extra Virgin Mobile Unlimited + More Data Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything + International Number of Lines - Any - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Minutes Unlimited Messages: 500 Data Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below. - Any -05KB50MB30MB100MB150MB200MB250MB300MB400MB500MB600MB700MB800MB900MB1GB1.5GB2GB2.5GB3GB4GB5GB6GB7GB8GB10GB12GB14GB15GB16GB18GB20GB25GB30GB32GB35GB40GB50GB60GB80GB100GB120GBUnlimited - Plans Home Phone Savings Pay Less on Home Phone Service popular topics How To: Create an App Store Wish List in iOS 71 Review: An AirPods review from an audiophile's perspective6 Today is the last day to purchase Apple's discounted USB-C accessories2 PhoneDog I regret denouncing polycarbonate housing Samsung debuts Pirates of the Caribbean Galaxy S8 Google Photos can suggest photos for you to archive AT&T offering $10 DirecTV Now to Unlimited Choice customers LG Pay officially launches Verizon launching new prepaid plans on June 6th T-Mobile launching two iPhone deals today Android And Me SUCCESS : automatic purge url cache SUCCESS : automatic purge url cache Google Photos gains ability to suggest Verizon will update its prepaid plans Google plans to block ads in Chrome TmoNews T-Mobile kicks off iPhone 7 storage Next week’s T-Mobile Tuesday will T-Mobile Digits and #GetOutoftheRed Essential Phone is a new flagship Android T-Mobile celebrating first anniversary T-Mobile Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge T-Mobile LG V20 receiving update with PhoneDog is one of the largest and most popular interactive mobile news and reviews resource that attracts a community of more than 2.5 million unique visitors each month. The site may have a "cute" name, but it offers up serious editorial content and video reviews that users rely on to make important decisions about their next mobile purchases. PhoneDog Media Family PhoneDog - Cell phone news Android And Me - Google & Android TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog TodaysiPhone - iPhone News & Rumors Company About us In the press Advertising info Jobs & careers Terms of Use Privacy policy Popular iPad iTunes App Reviews Accessory Reviews Research & Shop Buying guide Phone finder Compare plans Phone specials Long distance © 2001-2017 PhoneDog, LLC. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All rights reserved.
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « Former Apple Creative Director who left to work at Huawei is now starting her own Company called 'Abalone' | Main | Microsoft continues to work on a Folding Smartphone while Samsung Wins Patent for a Scrollable Phone or Mobile TV » May 28, 2017 Steve Wozniak, Guest Speaker at Montreal's C2 Trade Show, Talks about Apple, Siri, AI and more in Interview   Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak talks to Bloomberg TV Canada about the growth opportunities for Apple, potential new markets and the products he gets excited about. With the buzz around all-things-AI of late, Wozniak weighed in by saying that he hopes that Siri will get more intelligent and does more than just know words in a dictionary. We get frustrated when it doesn't work right."     An Expanded version of the Bloomberg Canada interview with Wozniak at Montreal's trade show C2 can be viewed here where he talks a lot more on AI and other technology topics of the day.   C2 Montréal unites global trailblazers, business innovators, entrepreneurial icons, social game changers and a host of other engaging thought provocateurs at the top of their creative game. Wozniak is one the guest speakers ast this year's event that finished on Friday.   About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.     Posted by Jack Purcher on May 28, 2017 at 08:20 AM in 5. Apple News | Permalink Comments The comments to this entry are closed. Search Recent Posts Samsung Patent Reveals Next-Gen Gear VR Headset with Multiple new Features, Major Accessories & Applications Apple wins Design Patents for Siri Icons in China and EU Confirming that Siri will Work with Future Smart Glasses AI-Industry Insiders: Apple's new Siri Device will take a Different Path to Market than Amazon's Alexa In an Effort to hurt iPhone 8 Sales in Korea, Samsung Plans to Flood the Local market with Refurbished Note 7s The Tech World will be glued to Apple's WWDC Keynote looking for their Response to the Smart Home Speaker Device Craze Micro-LED Displays and new Flexible Fuel Cells on the Horizon may see Portable Devices go Days without Charging Apple Announces that Swift Playgrounds Expands Coding Education to Robots, Drones and Musical Instruments HP and Others announce new Mobile 2-in-1 Devices with ARM Processors, Windows 10 & Always-On Connectivity Sony Limits their Image Sensor Capacity to Give Apple and Three Chinese OEMs Priority for Image Sensors Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. Apple News 6A - Rumors, Supply Chain + 6B. Non-Apple Reports, Editorials, Opinons 7. Apple / Market Statistics 8. Apple Events & Financial News 9. 3D, Siri, Facial/Audio Biometrics Apple Accessories Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple Macs Apple Pay Apple Pencil + Apple Store Apple Watch AppleTV Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible, Foldable Haptics, Sensors & Tactile Maps/Indoor Mapping + Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Reports Projection Related Software + OS Wireless Charging See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
Click to Skip Ad Closing in... Tech Entertainment Business Deals Science Politics About Wearables Image Source: H. Moser Swiss watchmaker trolls Apple with $27,000 Apple Watch knockoff Chris Smith @chris_writes May 28th, 2017 at 9:00 AM Share Tweet The watch above is an Apple Watch knockoff, created by a famous Swiss watchmaker, has no smart features and sells for almost $27,000. Now that’s some truly impressive trolling. Don't Miss: Verizon may have just made the world’s most pointless thing From the distance, H. Moser’s Swiss Alp Watch Zzzz — yes, that’s a terrible name — looks exactly like an Apple Watch. It’s got the same rectangular shape complete with curved edges that seem to blend right into the metal frame, and a deep black display. However, that’s not a display, and that’s not a smartwatch. Apple Watch fans will also immediately recognize the absence of the Digital Crown and the side button. Also, you shouldn’t be able to see the time on a Watch with the screen turned off. This is just trolling of the highest order. H. Moser even compares the device to “a smartwatch which is powered off or in standby” in its press release, without naming the smartwatch in question. In fact, the press release seems to make a strong case for an Apple lawsuit that would argue H. Moser is simply trying to cash in on the Apple Watch popularity. The Swiss maker might be trolling Apple hard, but the Apple Watch maker is making more money from watch sales than many Swiss companies. Image Source: H. Moser “In this watch, the now iconic model features neither indices nor logo on its dial, proving that true luxury is unmistakable, and immediately identifiable, even without obvious marketing,” the press release notes. Yes, you can immediately notice it’s an Apple Watch. “The black dial — stripped not just of any signature, but also of its indices — is strictly minimalist. On this model, there is no interface: the Swiss Alp Watch Zzzz is designed to display the time, something it does beautifully. Seemingly simple, it is anything but,” the press release says. Right. When it’s not trolling Apple, the Swiss Alp Watch Zzzz does four days of life on a power reserve, after which you’ll have to wind it by hand. Aside from the Zzzz model, H. Moser is also selling an equally poorly named Swiss Alp Watch Brrrr that comes with a blue dial. Each model sells for $26,900, and H. Moser will only make 20 units of each. Tags: Apple, Apple Watch View Comments Trending 1 Tech People are going to pay $880 for this ‘Pirates of the Caribbean’ Galaxy S8, sadly 2 Tech Rumor claims Apple’s MacBook Air line is dead 3 Tech Foxconn insider drops avalanche of information about the iPhone 8, new MacBooks, Apple’s smart glasses and more 4 Tech New leak sheds light on Apple’s secretive ‘smart glasses’ project 5 Entertainment NBA Finals 2017 live stream: How to watch Warriors vs. Cavaliers Game 2 online Picked For You Fresh leak sheds new light on the iPhone 8’s display By Yoni Heisler 2 days ago People are going to pay $880 for this ‘Pirates of the Caribbean’ Galaxy S8, sadly By Chris Smith 15 hours ago Why would you even own a Nintendo Switch without these 5 must-have accessories? By Maren Estrada 2 days ago Advertise About Contact Copyright 2017 BGR Media, LLC Powered by WordPress.com VIP | Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Rights | Terms Of Use ad Post to Cancel
NEWS l l CHANNELS GamesBeat AI AR/VR Big Data Bots Business Cloud Dev Entrepreneur Esports Heartland Tech Marketing Media Mobile PC Gaming Security Social Transportation Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise EVENTS l l VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Speaker Media Partner Volunteer Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise RESEARCH l l CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Mobile Gaming Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise ‹ NEWS › CHANNELS GamesBeat Esports AI Heartland Tech AR/VR Marketing Big Data Media Bots Mobile Business PC Gaming Cloud Security Dev Social Entrepreneur Transportation ‹ EVENTS › VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Media Partner Speaker Volunteer ‹ RESEARCH › CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Gaming Mobile Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription ‹ VENTUREBEAT › About Advertise Careers Contact Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars AR/VR Guest The factions of the mobile AR war Tim Merel@DigiCapitalist May 28, 2017 6:00 AM Above: Augmented reality shooter Fatheri.o Mark Zuckerberg’s “We’re making the camera the first augmented reality platform” was the most important step so far toward mass market AR. Where Pokémon Go gave many consumers their first taste of mobile AR, and Google Tango ushered in the race towards high end mobile AR phones, Facebook’s AR Platform now democratizes mobile AR regardless of hardware. Apple launching an AR enabled iPhone this year or next year could combine with Facebook to kick-start the mobile AR market at scale, and also be the final step towards the next great platform war. Consumers will win as usual, but there will be blood (as we detailed in Digi-Capital’s new Mobile Augmented Reality Report). The platform question Hardware and software platforms are so intertwined that it can be hard to tell the difference, and this has played in Apple’s favor for the last decade. But Apple, Samsung and other phone makers have done such a great job with existing hardware, that this may backfire for mobile AR. Facebook’s AR Platform, for example, has shown exactly how the major social and messaging platforms can play the game using nothing more than a standard smartphone camera. So while device manufacturers roll out new hardware to build an installed base for AR phones, established and startup social/messaging platforms could build a mobile AR ecosystem and user base in a fraction of the time at a fraction of the cost. They’ll also be able to leverage this advantage as dedicated AR phones come to market. What is mobile AR anyway? At one end Pokémon Go is what some industry insiders call “the best worst example of AR”, because its ambient mobile AR is pretty basic. Lovely graphics positioned approximately against the real world on your phone screen, using basic computer vision and positional tracking. Nonetheless it’s introduced mass consumers to mobile AR, and they’ve loved playing with it. At the other end of the spectrum is Google Tango, with hardware based immersive mobile AR driven by integrated hardware and software. Without diving into the technical weeds, Tango phones enable accurate motion tracking, area learning and depth perception in a device that looks much like any other smartphone. The difference comes from a motion tracking camera, a depth sensing camera, an infrared projector, computer vision and Simultaneous Localization And Mapping software. So virtual objects superimposed on the real world appear as you would expect them to if they were really there. But Tango’s time is yet to come in terms of consumer awareness and app ecosystem (though Google, Lenovo and Asus are trying). Facebook and Snap’s software-based immersive mobile AR is a serious contender, as it combines the ubiquity of ambient mobile AR with some of the computer vision and SLAM that previously required dedicated hardware. While Google Tango’s sensors enable heavier duty mobile AR apps, that’s not the problem Facebook and Snap are solving. By plugging immersive software based mobile AR into the largest consumer platforms on the planet, they’re democratizing mobile AR for everyone for free. And free is a good price point. This hasn’t escaped the notice of Tencent in China either. Mark Zuckerberg, Evan Spiegel and Pony Ma didn’t get to where they are by being dummies, and so it is with software based mobile AR. The cool kids There’s another factor in the democratization of mobile AR that Pokémon Go highlighted – demographics. Sixty-eight percent of Pokémon Go users are between 13 and 29 years old. Even though that came from a very specific set of circumstances, it is the largest sample set of mobile AR mass adoption to date. For comparison in terms of major consumer platforms: Eighty-eight percent of Americans from 18 to 29 use Facebook (two-thirds of them use Messenger), 76 percent of U.S. teens own an iPhone (81 percent want their next phone to be one),  75 percent of WeChat users are between 20 and 30, and 60 percent of Snapchat users are between 13 and 24. Spot the pattern? Mobile AR will be adopted by the young. Platforms that can scale mobile AR with 13 to 29 year olds will win. Apple of my eye Tim Cook loves AR, but Apple has been characteristically enigmatic about its plans. We wrote back in January that Apple could launch an AR enabled iPhone this year or next year, with Samsung and others following. But until Tim Cook says “one more thing” about mobile AR, we really don’t know for certain. So let’s think this through. For the last two years we’ve said that Apple is the best-placed of all major tech companies to drive AR, with its end-to-end ecosystem of hardware, software, app store, developers and retail. Combined with iMessage and its renewed push with stickers, an iPhone AR looks like a pretty compelling proposition. But Apple has a problem: Apple. Apple’s closed ecosystem is a huge advantage, but it’s also a weakness. Apple could provide the best and most complete experience for mobile AR, but only for folks who’ve bought a new iPhone AR. Apple expects users to replace iPhones every 3 years, which is a major driver of 200 million plus annual sales. But iPhone 7/7 Plus only makes up around two-thirds of the total. Assuming the iPhone AR is a range-topper that stimulates growth (converting Android users, reducing replacement cycles), we’re looking at an installed base of at first tens and then hundreds of millions of iPhone ARs in a few short years. But Facebook Messenger has 1.2 billion MAU, WeChat has 768 million DAU, Instagram has 400M DAU, WhatsApp Status has 175 million DAU, Snapchat has 160 million DAU. This means it could take Apple well over 5 years to deliver the mobile AR reach Facebook and Tencent potentially have today. Marc Andreessen remains right – software is eating the world. Do androids dream of tangoing sheep? Samsung and Huawei are the largest Android phone makers globally (not forgetting Oppo and Vivo in China), and these two companies could drive the hardware based mobile AR market for the larger Android ecosystem. But Samsung’s S8 and Huawei’s P10 aren’t AR enabled phones, having neither Tango nor their own proprietary AR platforms. So as discussed in January, we’re looking at 2018 as the likely inflection point for Android hardware based mobile AR. There is also the Android ecosystem challenge of the separate Google Play dominating outside China, and a fragmented set of changing players ruling app stores in China. In other words, none of the Android hardware players has the dominant end-to-end mobile AR potential of Apple. Who dares wins Sun Tzu’s “victorious warriors win first, then go to war” is a way of thinking about Mark Zuckerberg kicking off the mobile AR platform war at F8. Facebook’s mobile AR Platform wins outside China. Its user base, platforms (Messenger, Instagram, WhatsApp Status), developer ecosystem, mobile AR developer tools, mobile market experience and financial muscle guarantee its success. Plus Mark Zuckerberg’s got something to prove, justifying his $3 billion entry into VR/AR in the first place (even if that was for a VR company). It’s a really smart move, and it’s going to pay off. Big time. Tencent likely wins in China. The potential dominance of WeChat mobile AR when launched in China is as exciting as Facebook’s AR Platform outside it. The battle has already kicked off during Chinese New Year with Tencent’s versus Alibaba‘s mobile AR Hongbao (traditional red envelopes filled with cash). But the Alibaba opportunity looks very different, as it will be the AR eCommerce leader in China rather than the mobile AR platform leader. Baidu is also layering its wealth of data on the real world, but it too has a different opportunity to Tencent. Apple could become the dominant and most profitable hardware enabled mobile AR player, scaling from zero to hundreds of millions of iPhone AR users by 2021. This could become the innovation for which Tim Cook is remembered, and potentially lead towards Apple’s long term smartglasses dominance going into the next decade (assuming smartglasses solve their 5 big challenges). Apple has been looking for a catalyst to take it beyond Steve Jobs’ legacy, and this could give it a real chance of becoming a 100 year company. Samsung, Huawei and other phone makers could do very well when they start to sell AR phones, but don’t have Apple’s inherent ecosystem advantages. To do more than maintain the status quo, they might need to invest in or acquire totally new capabilities. Otherwise they could miss out on the profits others will make using their mobile AR phones. Google’s Tango is currently geared to enabling a large open mobile AR ecosystem to drive its core search advertising and Google Play revenues, similarly to its current Android approach. However as with Baidu, the mobile AR opportunity to layer its data on the real world could improve its position. Snap is already in the mobile AR business, even if it doesn’t call it that yet. But with a user base much smaller than Facebook/Instagram/WhatsApp Status and a closed platform, Evan Spiegel might think about copying Mark Zuckerberg for a change. No dog in this fight Microsoft still hasn’t announced any play for mobile AR. They’ve got massive assets in mixed reality (HoloLens) and VR (Windows VR), so it depends on whether they see themselves as a consumer or enterprise company long term. Steve Ballmer’s biggest regret is missing out on mobile. Hopefully mobile AR won’t become Satya Nadella’s. Amazon has also stayed quiet on mobile AR, despite reports of experiments with AR stores. If they’re not already working on it, this might be an area where Jeff Bezos could learn from Jack Ma. Know your enemy, know yourself The battle lines for mobile AR have been drawn, and some of the winners were clear before the first shot was fired. While it’s not too late for incumbents and startups in mobile AR, again in the words of Sun Tzu, “I have heard that in war haste can be folly, but have never seen delay that was wise.” Time to saddle up. Tim Merel is Founder/CEO of Menlo Park VR/AR/MR tech developer Eyetouch Reality and AR/VR M&A advisor Digi-Capital. VB Recommendations Why shortcuts for Google Home are a total waste of time Are chatbots just another fad? Massless lets you write with a pen in virtual reality
International Business Times UK UK World Business Politics Fintech Technology Science Sport Entertainment Opinion Video Pictures Log out Newsletter Signup Smartphones Cybersecurity Innovation Social Media Games Motoring Technology Apple said to be working on a dedicated AI chip The company has tested iPhone prototypes powered with the chip. By Sarmistha Acharya May 28, 2017 13:03 BST Apple working on a dedicated AI processorGetty Images/Don Emmert Apple is working on a processor dedicated to AI-related tasks, suggests a new report. Dubbed Apple Neural Engine, the chip would improve the way the devices handle tasks such as facial recognition and speech recognition. A source familiar with Apple's plan told Bloomberg that the AI-enabled processor would help Apple bundle more advanced features into devices like self-driving cars and augmented reality devices. While Apple devices currently handle artificial intelligence processes through the main processor and graphics chip, the new chip would allow Apple offload those tasks onto a dedicated chip designed for artificial intelligence processing, improving the battery performance of the device. Apple's AI chip is designed to make significant improvements to Apple products. The company even plans to use the chip on the iPhone and iPad, the source told Bloomberg. Apple has even tested iPhone prototypes with the chip. Apple has considered offloading facial recognition in the photos app, parts of speech recognition and the iPhone's predictive keyboard to the chip, the source added. The company is planning to offer developer access to the chip so that third-party apps can also lessen the tasks related to artificial intelligence. Apple may discuss some developments in AI at its annual developer's conference in June, the same event where the company is expected to introduce iOS 11 and updated Mac laptops with faster chips from Intel. "Two of the areas that Apple is betting its future on require AI. At the core of augmented reality and self-driving cars is artificial intelligence" said Gene Munster, former Apple analyst. More from IBTimes UK Somehow, the iPhone 9 rumours have already begun Nokia settles patent dispute with Apple, signs new business collaboration agreement iPhone user says virtual assistant Siri saved his life during a house explosion Related topics : Apple Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close Video game news round-up: Overwatch moon map, Nintendo Switch Online & Pokemon Go's summer plans Columnists Iqbal Wahhab “As a Muslim restaurant owner in Borough Market, this attack sickens me READ MORE How the world's biggest tech firms reacted to Trump's climate deal exit Zuckerberg, Dorsey, Musk and Cook join the high-profile names to slam... Google London HQ vs Apple Park: Battle of the world's best offices How Google's new London headquarters compares to Apple Park, opening... Stratolaunch: Amazing facts about the world's biggest plane With Paul Allen's super plane close to take-off here are five things... 'This is how you offer support?' Twitter slams Trump for pushing travel ban during London attack Trump's first tweet came even before the nature of the London Bridge... Bahrain foreign minister's Twitter account hacked following Qatar news hack controversy The hackers posted a slew of disturbing images and threats against... Toyota is working on a flying car Toyota has invested 42.5 million yen in startup Cartivator Resource... Google Chrome to block all adverts on websites that annoy users with intrusive pop-ups Google's ad blocker will allow ads as long as websites follow... Here's how you can improve performance of Windows 10 PC Check out the top tips to speed up your Windows 10 device. Five hopes for Sony and PS4 at E3 2017: Sucker Punch, keeping Kojima away, PSVR and more What we want to see from Sony at its E3 2017 press conference. 'Your hypocrisy is mind-numbing': Twitter roasts Ivanka Trump over LGBTQ Pride tweets 'Your words mean nothing to us,' one Twitter user wrote. Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS
Skip to: Start of article Visually Open Nav. Go to Wired Home Page. The GIF Turns 30: How an Ancient Format Changed the Internet subscribe Open Search Field. Search Business culture Design Gear Science Security transportation photo video Photo Video Magazine WIRED INSIDER Future of Mobility Fallback Image Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 6 hours Roboticists may have solved the problems drones run into while flying indoors—with marsupials wrd.cm/2suc0fJ Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Advertisement. Slide: 1 / of 5. Caption: giphy.com Slide: 2 / of 5. Caption: giphy.com Slide: 3 / of 5. Caption: Giphy.com Slide: 4 / of 5. Caption: Giphy.com Slide: 5 / of 5. Caption: Giphy.com Skip Article Header. Skip to: Start of Article. Author: Klint Finley. Klint Finley Business Date of Publication: 05.28.17. 05.28.17 Time of Publication: 7:00 am. 7:00 am The GIF Turns 30: How an Ancient Format Changed the Internet giphy.com The web’s favorite file format just turned 30. Yep, it turns out the GIF is a millennial, too. At the same time, 30 makes the GIF ancient in web years, which feels a bit weird, given that the proliferation of animated GIFs is a relatively recent phenomenon. Today, Twitter has a GIF button and even Apple added GIF search to its iOS messaging app. Such mainstream approval would have seemed unthinkable even a decade ago, when GIFs had the cultural cachet of blinking text and embedded MIDI files. But today they’re ubiquitous, and not in some nostalgic sense. Animated GIFs have transcended their obscure 1990s roots to become a key part of day-to-day digital communication. Some, like Orson Welles clapping or Michael Jackson eating popcorn, have become instantly recognizable shorthand. Others, like Sean Spicer disappearing into the bushes—itself a remix of a popular Simpsons GIF—serve up political satire. The GIF does double duty as both expression and as badge of digital literacy. Not bad for an image standard that pre-dates the web itself. giphy.com Today GIFs are synonymous with short, looping, animations. But they got their start as a way of displaying still images. Steve Wilhite started work on the Graphics Interchange Format in early 1986. At the time, he was a programmer for Compuserve, an early online service that let users access chat rooms, forums, and information like stock quotes using dial-up modems. Sandy Trevor, Wilhite’s boss at Compuserve, tells WIRED that he wanted to solve two problems. The first was that Compuserve needed a graphics format that worked on all computers. At the time, the PC market was split between several companies, including Apple, Atari, Commodore, IBM, and Tandy, each with its own way of displaying graphics. Compuserve had used other graphics formats of the era, such as NAPLPS, but Trevor thought they were too complex to implement. So he tasked Wilhite with creating a simple format that would work on any machine. Related Stories Liz Stinson Here’s What Happens When You Turn GIFs Into IRL Art Pieces Brian Barrett Futurama Nerds, Rejoice! Morbotron Will GIF Any Quote For You Julia Greenberg Giphy, the Google of GIFs, Gifts the World With a Keyboard Second, he wanted Wilhite to create technology that could quickly display sharp images over slow connections. “In the eighties, 1200 baud was high speed,” Trevor says. “Lots of people only had 300 baud modems.” The average broadband connection in the US is more than 40,000 times faster than even those blazing fast 1200 baud connections, so Compuserve needed truly tiny files. The web’s other major image format, the JPEG, was under development at the time. But it’s better suited for photographs and other images that contain high amounts of detail and won’t suffer from a small amount of distortion. Compuserve needed to display stock quotes, weather maps, and other graphs—simple images that would suffer from having jagged lines. So Wilhite decided to base the GIF on a lossless compression protocol called Lempel–Ziv–Welch, or LZW. Wilhite finished the first version of the GIF specification on May, 1987, and Compuserve began using the format the next month. This was two years before Sir Tim Berners-Lee announced his World Wide Web project and six years before the Mosiac browser made the web accessible to less technical users. But it was the web that made the GIF what it is today. Under Construction The GIF was perfect for displaying logos, line art, and charts on the web for all the same reasons that Wilhite first developed the format. And because portions of an image could be transparent, meaning an image could blend into the background or be fit together with other images in interesting ways, it enabled web designers to create more complex layouts. But the most important thing about the format was that Wilhite had the foresight to make it extensible, so that other developers could add custom types of information to GIFs. That enabled the team behind the Netscape browser to create the animated GIF standard in 1995. “I didn’t ask Steve to put in as much extensibility as he did, but I’m glad he did,” Trevor says. Soon, “under construction” GIFs adorned practically every site on the web. The “Dancing Baby” becoming one the web’s first true viral video sensations. The dancing 7-Up mascot “Cool Spot” also made a unconscionable number of appearances, making it perhaps the first viral #brand GIF. Giphy.com The file format also became the center of one of the web’s first patent disputes. In 1994, IT giant Unisys claimed to own the LZW protocol that Wilhite used in the GIF specification. The company threatened to sue anyone who made software that could create or read GIFs without paying for a license. Unisys’s LZW-related patents expired in 2006, but the ordeal of dealing with the company left a lasting impression on Trevor, who now works as a consultant helping tech companies avoid running into patent suits. The animated GIF epidemic ended about as quickly as it started. As web design professionalized, those under construction GIFs disappeared. Animators and artists, meanwhile, moved on to more sophisticated media like Flash and later HTML5. But the format survived on web forums and sites like 4chan, Reddit, and Tumblr. Adam Leibsohn, the COO of the GIF search engine Giphy, calls the GIF an “insurgent format.” It enables people to publish moving images in places they weren’t necessarily intended, like someone’s signature on a forum. “The easiest, simplest thing wins,” he says. As people realized they could stick tiny, looping bits of animation into web-based conversations, GIFs became a new form of expression. Clips of people clapping, slamming their heads on a desk, or dancing replaced text, and new, more artistic GIFs emerged as a form of micro-entertainment. The rise of smartphones made this form of visual communication all the more appealing. Giphy.com “We’ve reduced our shorthand to things like ‘lol’ and ‘wtf’, things that aren’t very expressive,” says David McIntosh, CEO of the GIF search service Tenor. “With GIFs you can express a wide range of emotions.” About 90 percent of the service’s search terms are related to feelings, he says. It’s hard to say exactly when the GIF re-entered the mainstream web experience. The Nieman Journalism Lab called the 2012 Summer Olympics a “coming-out party” for the animated GIF. That same year, Oxford Dictionaries named “GIF” the word of the year. By early 2013, GIFs were showing up in museums and marketers wanted in. That year Steve Wilhite was awarded a life-time achievement award at the Webbys, where he stirred up a mini-controversy by telling the world that GIF is pronounced like the peanut butter brand Jif, not like “gift.” At the time, it was easy to see GIFs as a passing fad, a throwback to the 1990s along with the “soft grunge” trend. It seemed like surely something newer like Vine or Snapchat would replace GIFs. But all these years later, Vine is gone and the GIF is still with us. Part of that success owes itself to web obsessives, who have built up an enormous inventory of GIF files to choose from. When you want to express dismay or joy or any other emotion, all you have to do is go to Tumblr, Giphy, or Tenor and you can find a ready-made loop. You can think of it as an expansive visual vocabulary built over the years. And while newer formats might bring more options, Tumblr head of creative strategy David Hayes says that the GIF’s technical limitations are actually its strength, not its weakness. After all, artists have long used constraints to spur creativity. “The GIF has constraints that will continue to challenge people,” he says. “You have to make trade-offs with the file size, the frame rate, and the intensity of color.” Instead of asking what’s next, Hayes says, perhaps we should ask whether the GIF is the end-point for visual language. Let’s give it another 30 years and see what happens. Giphy.com Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. gifs History messaging The Web Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share Share Tweet Comment Email Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share Share Tweet Comment Email Skip Latest News. Skip to: Comments. Most Popular The Internet Defines ‘Covfefe’ Internet Culture The Internet Defines ‘Covfefe’ Angela Watercutter The Gospel of Hard Work, According to Silicon Valley Business The Gospel of Hard Work, According to Silicon Valley Nitasha Tiku Welcome to Poppy’s World In Depth Welcome to Poppy’s World Lexi Pandell The Physics of Ramming an Imperial Star Destroyer, Explained Science The Physics of Ramming an Imperial Star Destroyer, Explained Rhett Allain Inside the Factory Building the World’s Smallest, Cheapest Private Jet aviation Inside the Factory Building the World’s Smallest, Cheapest Private Jet Eric Adams While You Were Offline: Trump’s Paris Agreement Decision Turned Into Quite a ‘Covfefe’ While You Were Offline While You Were Offline: Trump’s Paris Agreement Decision Turned Into Quite a ‘Covfefe’ Graeme McMillan String Theory’s Weirdest Ideas Finally Make Sense—Thanks to VR Virtual Reality String Theory’s Weirdest Ideas Finally Make Sense—Thanks to VR Nick Stockton Cosmic Discoveries Fuel a Fight Over the Universe’s Beginnings physics Cosmic Discoveries Fuel a Fight Over the Universe’s Beginnings Ashley Yeager More Stories Skip Comments. Skip to: Footer. View comments Sponsored Stories Powered By Outbrain Powered By Outbrain More Business Business Antitrust Watchdogs Eye Big Tech’s Monopoly on Your Data Nitasha Tiku Artificial Intelligence Google Is Already Late to China’s AI Revolution Cade Metz physics Cosmic Discoveries Fuel a Fight Over the Universe’s Beginnings Climate Change Even Without Paris, Business Will Leave Trump Behind on Climate Change Issie Lapowsky National Affairs We Asked Lawyers to Vet Trump’s Most Controversial Tweets Issie Lapowsky aviation Inside the Factory Building the World’s Smallest, Cheapest Private Jet Eric Adams We Recommend Powered By Outbrain Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 6 hours Roboticists may have solved the problems drones run into while flying indoors—with marsupials wrd.cm/2suc0fJ Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 6 hours Roboticists may have solved the problems drones run into while flying indoors—with marsupials wrd.cm/2suc0fJ Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Here’s The Thing With Ad Blockers We get it: Ads aren’t what you’re here for. But ads help us keep the lights on. So, add us to your ad blocker’s whitelist or pay $1 per week for an ad-free version of WIRED. Either way, you are supporting our journalism. We’d really appreciate it. Sign Up Already a member? Log in Thank You All of us at WIRED appreciate your support! Continue Wired Facebook Wired Twitter Wired Pinterest Wired Youtube Wired Tumblr Wired Instagram Login Subscribe Advertise Site Map Press Center FAQ Customer Care Contact Us SecureDrop T-Shirt Collection Newsletter Wired Staff Jobs RSS CNMN Collection Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement (effective 3/21/12) and privacy policy (effective 3/21/12). Affiliate link policy. Your California privacy rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider   Welcome, {username} Profile | Login Fox News tech Expand/Collapse Search Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Business Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World On Air Cybercrime Tech Q&A: Protect your business against ransomware By Kim Komando Published May 28, 2017 The Kim Komando Show Facebook Twitter Comments Email Print File photo.  (REUTERS/Kacper Pempel ) Protect your business against ransomware Q: With all the hacking and ransomware attacks, I would like to know how you make sure your business does not become a victim. I need to take steps now before it’s too late. A: Getting virtually extorted is scary, but it’s especially terrifying when your business — along with its financial records and employees’ personal information — is at stake. Many businesses mistakenly assume they’re safe if they have a firewall and use security software. Those are important steps, but they’re not enough to protect your business anymore. If you really want to have peace of mind, you need to take extra precautions. For example, certain people at my company have two computers on their desk. Click here to learn how I set up my business to protect against ransomware. Advertising to specific places Q: My customers live in certain parts of town. How can I place ads online so only they see them? A: Advertising to specific (physical) places is quite possible, and online marketing experts do it all the time. But like all marketing, “geo-targeting” is something you need to put a lot of work into planning, executing and refining. It’s one thing to set up a cheap thumbnail ad on Facebook; it’s quite another to build a customer base through rigorous online advertising. Click here to learn more about geo-fencing. More on this... Apple unveiling new MacBooks and iPads - Here's what you can expect! external-ct How to turn your phone into a personal Wi-Fi hotspot external-ct Netflix will stop working on millions of phones with next update external-ct Buying Apple products for less Q: I would like to buy an iPhone, but they are so expensive. Is it okay to buy a used one on Craigslist? A: The short answer is, “Maybe, but probably not.” There’s good news, though. If you’d like to buy a discounted Apple product, try looking for something “refurbished.” Apple does an incredible job of collecting retired devices and bringing them back from the dead. Not all used devices have been through this process, of course. Most used Apple products were just dropped off at a pawnshop so they could be resold. What you’re looking for is a device that is “certified refurbished” by Apple. So where can you find these discounted phones and tablets? Click here to learn more about refurbished Apple devices. Stop Windows from sharing your Wi-Fi Q: I read that Windows shares my Wi-Fi automatically with other people around me. How do I stop this? A: If more people knew about “Wi-Fi Sense,” they’d probably be much more suspicious of Windows 10. After all, what kind of software is designed to automatically bypass your Wi-Fi password? Why would you want any passing stranger to log on to your network without you even knowing it? Wi-Fi Sense was designed to be a convenience, especially for people who routinely host friends and colleagues. You’ll be relieved to know that Wi-Fi Sense doesn’t share your actual password with anyone. But it’s still a liability for a lot of folks, so you should know how to switch it off. Click here to limit the reach of Wi-Fi Sense. Keep your device safe outside Q: With summer almost here, I often have to use my laptop, tablet and phone outdoors. Is this going to ruin them? A: Very perceptive question. You would not believe how many people abuse their devices without even realizing. Phones, tablets and laptops have become so ubiquitous that we often forget that they are electronic machines, sensitive to temperature, humidity, dust and every other aspect of our environment. So yes, using your laptop outdoors might ruin it. Know the limits of its durability. Click here to learn one mistake that will kill your gadget. What questions do you have? Call my national radio show and click here to find it on your local radio station. You can listen to the Kim Komando Show on your phone, tablet or computer. From buying advice to digital life issues, click here for my free podcasts. Copyright 2017, WestStar Multimedia Entertainment. All rights reserved. Learn about all the latest technology on the Kim Komando Show, the nation's largest weekend radio talk show. Kim takes calls and dispenses advice on today's digital lifestyle, from smartphones and tablets to online privacy and data hacks. For her daily tips, free newsletters and more, visit her website at Komando.com.  Advertisement Trending in Tech Tech Q&A: Card skimmers, government internet credits, watching kids' phones and more SpaceX launches 1st recycled supply ship London attack: Facebook activates safety check feature 5 ways to test your computer's security Toyota Motor Corp. to make "flying car" Site Index Sections Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World Sports Weather On Air Tools Live Video Newsletters Alerts Podcasts Radio Apps & Products About Careers College Students Fox Around the World Advertise With Us New Terms of Use (What's New) New Privacy Policy Ad Choices Help Email Newsroom Media Relations Closed Captioning Policy Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram RSS Newsletters Fox News Back to Top This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. 2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.
Podcast Summer friendlies in USA Official soccer jerseys Books Menu Home Schedules Bundesliga TV Schedule Championship TV Schedule Champions League TV Schedule Confederations Cup TV Schedule EPL TV Schedule Europa League TV Schedule International Champions Cup TV Schedule La Liga TV Schedule Barcelona TV Schedule Real Madrid TV Schedule Liga MX TV Schedule Ligue Un TV Schedule MLS TV Schedule NASL TV Schedule Primeira Liga TV schedule Scottish Premiership TV Schedule Serie A TV Schedule Women’s soccer TV Schedule World Cup Qualifiers TV Schedule Streaming Comparison Guide beIN SPORTS Connect DirecTV Now FOX Soccer 2GO FOX Sports GO fuboTV NBC Sports App Sling TV How to Watch Bundesliga Campeonato Brasileiro Championship Champions League EPL La Liga Liga MX Ligue 1 MLS Serie A Beginners Guides Bundesliga Championship Champions League Euro 2020 EPL FA Cup La Liga Serie A World Cup TV Broadcast News Soccer TV Ratings Networks beIN SPORTS ESPN FOX Sports NBC Sports Turner Sports Univision DirecTV vs. DISH Comparison Soccer Channels on DirecTV Soccer Channels on DISH News Bundesliga Championship Champions League Chinese Super League Eredivisie Europa League La Liga Liga MX Ligue Un Major League Soccer NASL NWSL Olympics Premier League Primeira Liga Scottish Premiership Serie A USL Home PlayStation Vue Pros and cons of PlayStation Vue for soccer fans Pros and cons of PlayStation Vue for soccer fans Christopher Harris July 17, 2016 PlayStation Vue 25 Comments I took the opportunity to test drive PlayStation Vue recently, to see how it works and whether soccer fans may find it useful to watch the Beautiful Game. Here are the pros and cons: CONS 1. Free trial is only 5 days compared to the industry standard of 7 days. 2. PlayStation Vue is more expensive than Sling TV. The cheapest plan PlayStation Vue has is $29.99/month compared to Sling Orange for $20/month or Sling Blue for $25/month. If you’re looking to save money, PlayStation Vue may not be the solution you want. 3. With PlayStation Vue, some channels are not available to watch on mobile phones or tablets even if you pay to subscribe to those channels. You can watch them on your PS3/PS4 or Roku, for example, but some of the channels aren’t accessible when watching PS Vue on your mobile device. According to PlayStation, they say that “Some channels are not available through PlayStation Vue Mobile due to streaming rights, and will be marked as such with a Mobile Restricted badge.” 4. You can’t use PlayStation Vue at your friend or family’s house, or on the road. For some strange season, PlayStation Vue ties your account to your home location. So if you do want to use it outside of your home, you’re unable to do so (there are some workarounds, however). On top of that, if your IP address changes for any reason, expect an array of error messages. 5. If you want to watch PlayStation Vue on your Windows PC or Apple computer, you can’t. There’s no app available for the PC, unlike Sling TV which runs on PCs and Apple computers. You have to watch PS Vue through an approved device such as a PS4, Roku, etc. 6. PlayStation Vue isn’t available on as many devices as fuboTV or Sling TV. You can watch PlayStation Vue only on a PS3 or PS4, or an Amazon Fire TV and Fire TV Stick, iPad, iPhone, Android and Roku. In comparison, Sling TV is available on: Windows 7 & higher, Apple computers (Lion 10.7 & higher), Apple TV, Amazon Fire TV, Amazon Fire tablet (running Android 4.4.2+), Roku, Android TV, ZTE, Channel Master, Apple iOS 8 (& higher) phones & tablets, Android 4.0.3 (and higher) phones & tablets and Xbox One. fuboTV, meanwhile is available on: Windows PC, Mac, Apple iPhone, Apple iPad, Apple TV, Android smartphones, Android tablets, Roku, Amazon Fire TV and Amazon Kindle. 6. PlayStation Vue doesn’t provide access to beIN SPORTS Connect. And without beIN SPORTS Connect, you won’t be able to watch many La Liga, Championship, Serie A, Capital One Cup games, as well as other programming. In comparison, fuboTV provides access to beIN SPORTS Connect. 7. You have to create a PlayStation Network account in order to sign up for a trial to PlayStation Vue. If you already have a PS3 or PS4, then that’s no big deal. But if you don’t have either of those two consoles, you have to register for the PlayStation Network account, and then sign up for the PlayStation Vue trial. With Sling TV and fuboTV, you just sign up for the free trial and you’re in. 8. If you want to sign up for a free 7-day trial to PS Vue on your Roku, you can’t. You have to go to the PlayStation website, sign up for a free PlayStation Network account and then sign up for the trial. It’s a shame you can’t sign up for a free trial directly from the Roku device. 9. When you sign up for a free trial to PlayStation Vue, there’s even more steps. You have to select your sex (male/female), enter your birth date and create a profile name. Why do they need your birthdate to watch streaming? Beats me. 10. The user interface for PlayStation Vue isn’t as good or as easy to use as Sling TV. In particular, Sling TV’s recently improved app for the Roku is much better than PS Vue. PROS 1. PlayStation Vue’s selection of channels available is very comprehensive. For the Elite Slim package, which is $44.99 per month, you get: FOX on demand, NBC on demand, ABC on demand, AMC, American Heroes, Animal Planet, beIN SPORTS, BET, BET Gospel, BET Jams, Boomerang, Bravo, BTN, BTN Alternate, Cartoon Network, Centric, Chiller, Cloo, CMT, CMT Music, CNBC, CNBC World, CNN, Comedy Central, Cooking Channel, Destination America, Discovery Channel, Discovery Family, Discovery Life Channel, Disney Channel, Disney Junior, Disney XD, DIY, E!, EPIX Hits, ESPN, ESPN Deportes, ESPN2, ESPNEWS, ESPNU, Esquire Network, Food Network, FOX Business, FOX College Sports, FOX Deportes, FOX News, FOX Sports regional, Freeform, FS1, FS2, Fusion, FX, FXM, FXX, Golf, HGTV, HI-YAH, HLN, IFC, IMPACT, Investigation Discovery, Logo, Machinima, MGM, MSNBC, MTV, MTV Hits, MTV Live, MTV2, MTVU, Nat Geo Wild, National Geographic Channel, NBCSN, Nick Jr., Nickelodeon, Nicktoons, One World Sports, Outside Television, OWN, Oxygen, Poker Central, POP, Science, SEC Network, Sony Movie Channel, Spike, Sprout, SundanceTV, SyFy, TBS, Teen Nick, TLC, TNT, Travel Channel, truTV, Turner Classic Movies, TV Land, Universal, USA, Velocity, VH1, VH1 Classic, WE tv 2. Unlike Sling TV, you can pause and rewind ESPN programming. 3. PS Vue allows you to stream content in every room of your house at no additional charge. With Sling TV, you’re limited to the number of streams you can run concurrently. 4. PlayStation Vue provides access to NBC Sports App and ESPN3, which opens the door to a lot of soccer programming that isn’t available on NBCSN and the ESPN channels.   PlayStation Vue, while offering NBCSN and the NBC Sports App as well as other soccer networks, is a worthy contender in the soccer streaming space, but isn’t perfect by any means. The quest to find the ultimate streaming service that offers everything you could possibly need continues. PlayStation Vue comes close, but hopefully a more cost-effective and comprehensive service will be available in the near future. Tweet Pin It Related Posts Speed tests between Sling TV, fuboTV, PlayStation Vue and DIRECTV NOW Comparing soccer coverage on fuboTV, Sling TV, DIRECTV NOW and PlayStation Vue About The Author Christopher Harris Publisher of World Soccer Talk, Christopher Harris founded the site in 2005. He has been interviewed by The New York Times, The Guardian and several other publications. Plus he has made appearances on NPR, BBC World, CBC, BBC Five Live, talkSPORT and beIN SPORT. Harris, who was born and raised in Wales, has lived in Florida since 1984, and supported Swansea City since 1979. Last but not least, he got engaged during half-time of a MLS game. 25 Comments Velija July 17, 2016 I know its been stated that Sling doesnt sponsor this site, but it really seems like it, considering how much information is skewed towards Sling. Youre first comment about cost, it would cost the more money to get the same amount of channels on Vue and Sling, and im talking about Soccer channels specifically. To get ESPN, NBC, Fox, and beIN on Sling. You need to get Sling Blue (Fox, NBC), Sling Orange (ESPN) and the Sports addon (+ $5 for beIN Sports) totaling $45. Its $40 for both packages, then $5 extra for beIN, and that doesnt include beIN en Espanol. With Vue you can get all of those with the Core Slim (medium package) for $35, and add the Spanish pack for beIN en Espanol for $5. Not to mention the fact that you get the addons for those channels (Apart from beIN Connect, but Sling doesnt offer that either). So Sling really doesnt offer an advantage in terms of watching Football at all. The mobile restriction thing is something but, with access to Fox Sports Go, Watch ESPN, and in particular NBC Sports, you dont need to go through PS Vue to watch the sports, it would just act as your log in. . And with PS Vue, you didnt even mention the DVR options, Sling doesnt have this. Again the whole sponsorship talk comes into play, considering it is mentioned on every other article that Fubo and Sling are great way to watch Football. The fact that this article is missing a lot of key points, and has others simply incorrect, is bothersome. Granted it really doesnt matter which you like, competition is needed, but writing something like this is, which clearly favors one side for reasons that we can only guess at, is not good for anyone. Reply Christopher Harris July 17, 2016 Velija, thanks for your feedback. I completely disagree with your assertion that Sling TV “is mentioned on every other article that Fubo and Sling are great way to watch Football.” That’s completely untrue. Some people will like Vue better, others will prefer Sling TV. Like I said in the article, it all depends what you’re looking for and want. You raise a good point about DVR functionality. That’s one feature I forgot to mention. With Sling Blue and Sling Orange combined with the Best of Spanish TV package (for a total of $45/month), you get all the FOX channels, all the NBC channels, all the ESPN channels as well as beIN SPORTS, beIN SPORTS Espanol and all of the Univision channels. Reply Jose January 8, 2017 You forget PS Vue is compatible with Chromecast and also you can use your PS Vue login with the native channel apps to watch other games. You can use login just like a cable login to access Fox Sports, NBC Live Extra and WatchESPN which solves your out of your home problem and for use in computers. I don’t think you did your research on this subject. Reply JeremyC July 18, 2016 As a former sling tv member that switched to ps vue, you hit it on the head with your response about the service. However the article was focused on soccer, but i agree that the info in the article was misleading because the PsVue Mid level package is much more valuable than the Sling tv’s patch work of packages, and is worth it. I can watch multiple espn streams on several tvs and phones, at the same time. Ive cut my cable bill by more than 80 dollars and get more. Reply Rye Brook July 17, 2016 Thanks so much for the review, good to see the pro’s and cons of each provider. I agree with Velija that competition is a good thing. I’m still over the moon that online only fans will be able to watch the premier league and other soccer/futbol using devices other than the bloated and expensive conventional TV packages with their lamentable customer service. For me the Sling pack is the only way to go because (1) I’ll be watching mostly on my MacBook Pro and (2) there’s times when I won’t be at my home ISP location. I’m really hoping that, for matches I can’t watch live, Sling will not reveal the outcome/score either by blatantly stating it on the launch page or giving obvious clues by having the link tab covered by a photo of the winning team wildly celebrating! Reply Christopher Harris July 17, 2016 Thanks for the kind words Rye. With so many streaming choices, the winner is we soccer fans who now have plenty of options to choose from. Reply Michael Hayes July 17, 2016 This Fall a new Real-time, interactive, live sports game app is launching. How it works is if you are watching a Premier League, or MLS, game, you open the app to that game and interact in real-time, by predicting and calling plays. The app will be a FREE download, and players can watch their favorite sports team, interactive by making predictions, and calling plays, and the player can earn rewards like hats and shirts, electronics like an iPad or TV, Vacations, Tickets to a Big Game, or even a car. Will change the way we play sports as fans. Launching in the Fall with live NFL Football and MLS Soccer then expand to Premier League, NBA Basketball, and other sports. Next year will be able to watch the British Open and predict shots, scores, and winners, in real-time. Reply Mike July 18, 2016 might as well have cable. My cable bill was $100, $50 internet & $50 tv (including a dvr). So whatever solution has to be not just $50 but well lower to make it worthwhile. I only want about 6 or 7 channels (NBC sports, NBC Sports extra channels, Fox Sports 1, ESPN, ESPN2, ESPN watch, Bien. So until there’s a solution that’s well cheaper than $50 bucks (i’m thinking $20-$30 at most) cable and a dvr is a better option. $45 bucks ain’t enough. I’d rather pay an extra $5, have a dvr, sleep in on weekends and watch games at reasonable hours. Use my dvr and see champions league games when i get home from work. Plus then i’d simply get an extra 100 channels i rarely watch anyways. Reply Steve N July 18, 2016 It should be mentioned that for all the channels that are mobile restricted so that you can’t access them outside the home — that’s not quite accurate. All the channels offer apps for iOS and Android, and you can log in to those channel apps using your Playstation Vue credentials. I use that all the time to access streaming content outside the home. When at home, I use the PS Vue app itself. Reply joe July 20, 2016 PlayStation Vue is hands down better. Reply joman July 21, 2016 without Question PlayStation Vue is the hands down winner, HD viewing of 75+ channels on the mid tier package, all my Philly Eagles , Flyers, Sixers, Phillies on Comcast channel DVR capability for up to 28 -days, plus they have added Roku Adroid Amazon Fire Tv& stick etc. the new Play station vue app just rolled out an updated firmware making the interface more user friendly. Sony has won this battle so far” Reply rev912 July 21, 2016 Question for Vue users, so I can log in and watch on my PS4 in the living room, Fire TV in bedroom, iPad whereever at home but I can’t login anywhere away from my home network like if I am in a hotel or visiting family? It’s tied to your home network or IP? Reply Kailong July 21, 2016 PlayStation Vue is clearly the better one, hands down….. If Sling really doesn’t sponsor this site, then here’s the key points missing out in this review: 1. Streaming quality: This is all we want. With Sling all I get is constant buffering, freezes and lags. What’s the point of lower price with lower quality? 3. IP/Mobile restriction: It is annoying but actually there is easy workaround. Use the Vue credentials on almost any TV everywhere apps and you are good to go. Mobile restriction is absolutely not a big issue here. I’m pretty sure that no one’s ever opened the horrendous Sling app during the Euro and Wimbledon season because of far superior quality on WatchESPN, which unfortunately is the only TV everywhere app supported. To Sling: if you don’t know how to do streaming, at least let others do the job for you. Reply Frill Artist August 13, 2016 Just change the name of the site to SlingSoccerTalk because we all know you’re shilling for them. You didn’t mention Vue’s DVR and CatchUp features. All you did was use every chance to bash and compare their service to Sling. You also lied. Vue has access to BEIN connect. Reply Christopher Harris August 13, 2016 Frill, PS Vue is one of our sponsors too. Regarding beIN SPORTS Connect, when I tested PS Vue this summer, I didn’t see Vue listed at https://beinsportsconnect.tv/index.html and I don’t think it worked when I tried to log in using Vue credentials. If it does work now, I stand corrected. Reply Monte Reed August 13, 2016 beIN Sports Connect is Included with Playstation VUE. Watching it right now on my phone Reply Ashot August 13, 2016 So what’s the best deal for watching Bein (connect), FS1 & FS2, NBCSN (live extra)? VUE Core $45? With Sling it can be cheaper but without Connects & Live extras…or Sling blue + FuboTV but still without Live Extra $35…still expensive for just watching football. Reply Thony August 28, 2016 Do I have access to BeinConnect with PS Vue Slim + Español Pack? I wonder because just includes Bein Sports in spanish, but I don´t see any mention of beinsports in english… I´m currently looking to change my Sling Orange+Spanish (25$/month) to either: – Sling Blue+Spanish (30$/month) which will include Bein Sports, NCBSN and Fox, but no access to online features of those channels.. – PS Vue Slim + Español (35$/month) which will include Bein Sports, NCBSN, Fox and ESPN. And it grants access to online features of those channels. The one I’m not sure is BeinConnected… and it matters a lot to me because I’m a die hard fan of Juventus (Serie A games are usually live in BeinSport (English))… so this matters a lot to me… I Think I´m going to be on the PS Vue side for this one Reply cmotomn September 23, 2016 Just verified that PlayStation Vue subscribers now have access to beIN Sports Connect! Reply FrillArtist February 1, 2017 PS Vue is now available on PC and Mac. The PS Vue interface on PS4 and PS3 is better than any Sling interface. Reply David February 1, 2017 The PS Vue is on Apple TV now as well. Reply Mike February 1, 2017 I’ve tried SlingTV, Fubo TV, PS Vue and Directv Now, all on Apple TV. PS Vue is the best choice in my opinion. With PS Vue Core package for $34.99, you get BeIn, Fox Sports, FS1, FS2, NBCSN, all ESPN channels, CNBC and USA Network (for when EPL games are broadcasted). Plus, you can use your PS Vue credentials to access the Fox Sports app which gives you Fox Soccer Plus games, all games on ESPN 3 and NBCSN. The DVR feature (keeps 10 or so episodes for daily shows, 28 episodes for weekly shows) and pause/rewind live TV is awesome. Sling TV has a problem with buffering/degradation, etc. El Classico match last Spring on Fubo TV was terrible. PS Vue is the way to go for number of sports/soccer channels at the best price. Reply VJ February 3, 2017 I have tried to activate Vue from outside of the US but can’t seem to do it without a US issued credit card. I do of course have VPN. Can anyone assist me? Reply SCH May 27, 2017 Is fox sports a necessary add on if my husband likes to watch all man city games, but also other soccer games? Reply Christopher Harris May 28, 2017 He’ll need FOX Sports in order to watch Manchester City games in the UEFA Champions League next season. Those games will be on either FS1 or FS2 (FOX Sports 1 or FOX Sports 2). Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Search TV Schedules • Bundesliga TV schedule • Championship TV schedule • Champions League TV schedule • Confederations Cup TV Schedule • Copa Libertadores TV schedule • Eredivisie TV schedule • Europa League TV schedule • FA Cup TV schedule • Gold Cup TV Schedule • International Champions Cup TV Schedule • La Liga TV schedule • League Cup TV Schedule • Liga MX TV schedule • Ligue Un TV schedule • MLS TV schedule • NASL TV schedule • Premier League TV schedule • Primeira Liga TV schedule • Russian Premier League TV schedule • Scottish Premiership TV schedule • Serie A TV schedule • Women's soccer TV schedule • World Cup TV schedule • World Cup qualifiers TV schedule Recent Comments Abe on Schedule of soccer friendlies in US this summer Abe on Schedule of soccer friendlies in US this summer Christopher Harris on Schedule of soccer friendlies in US this summer Elena on fuboTV FAQ: Learn about fuboTV’s new product that includes NBC and FOX networks Candace on Schedule of soccer friendlies in US this summer Oliver Tse on Univision scores 2.8 million viewers for Chivas-Tigres Liga MX final second-leg francis on FIFA U-20 World Cup TV schedule for viewers in the US Sandro on Italy, San Marino to host Euro football under-21s in 2019 Joe on Tops and flops in Champions League final R.O on FIFA U-20 World Cup TV schedule for viewers in the US R.O on FIFA U-20 World Cup TV schedule for viewers in the US Rpertqe on EFL iFollow FAQ: All you need to know about the Football League’s new streaming service Want all new articles and TV schedules delivered straight to your inbox, free? * indicates required Email Address * SOCCER TV SCHEDULES • Bundesliga TV schedule • Championship TV schedule • Champions League TV schedule • Confederations Cup TV Schedule • Copa Libertadores TV schedule • Eredivisie TV schedule • Europa League TV schedule • FA Cup TV schedule • Gold Cup TV Schedule • International Champions Cup TV Schedule • La Liga TV schedule • League Cup TV Schedule • Liga MX TV schedule • Ligue Un TV schedule • MLS TV schedule • NASL TV schedule • Premier League TV schedule • Primeira Liga TV schedule • Russian Premier League TV schedule • Scottish Premiership TV schedule • Serie A TV schedule • Women's soccer TV schedule • World Cup TV Schedule • World Cup qualifiers TV schedule SOCCER STREAMING NEWS • beIN SPORTS Connect • DIRECTV NOW • FOX Soccer 2GO • FOX Sports GO • fuboTV • NBC Sports App • Sling TV • Comparison guide SOCCER TV NETWORKS • beIN SPORTS • ESPN • FOX Sports • NBC Sports • Turner Sports • Univision Deportes • Soccer TV ratings • DirecTV vs. DISH comparison WORLD SOCCER TALK • About us • Our team • Contact us • Press coverage • Advertise World Soccer Talk Copyright © 2017. Made in Florida. 
International Business Times, India Edition International Business Times, India Edition India World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Science & Health Photos Video Search Search Home Technology Smartphones Comparison screenshots showing how much Apple Maps lags behind Google Maps A detailed comparison showing Google Maps' prowess over Apple Maps, has surfaced online in a recent blog post. Vinod Yalburgi   May 28, 2017 15:40 IST Apple Maps vs Google Maps: Which mapping service is better and why Apple Maps has long been playing catch-up with Google Maps as its mapping service has been lagging behind in coverage and other mapping information. The iPhone maker is reportedly making amends to keep up with the competition in recent times, but the latest comparison screenshots published on Justin's blog suggest otherwise. As seen in Justin's comparison review, there have been significant improvements made to Google Maps over the period of last one year as opposed to minor additions to Apple Maps. For instance, you can see the Patricia's Green Park in central San Francisco being compared side-by-side on both Apple and Google Maps. Check out a few of those interesting screenshots below: Comparison screenshot showing how much Apple Maps lags behind Google MapsJustinobierne Quite obviously, you will notice the amazing details like park paths and neighbouring landmarks clearly marked out on the Google Maps, but very sparse details on the Apple Maps. Furthermore, the report adds that the accuracy of information is dubious on Apple Maps, owing to the lack of details. Comparison screenshots showing how much Apple Maps lags behind Google MapsJustinobierne It seems certain business locations are being cycled (added or removed) on a monthly basis on the Apple Maps, while Google Maps will continue displaying all existing landmark locations for a given address without any limitations. The reason for the inflated number of changes being reported on Apple Maps has been attributed to its poor geocoder mechanism. Furthermore, the finer details on Google Maps are coupled with a polished and refined interface, making the points of interest more visible to the user. With the lack of refinements, Apple Maps continues to look outdated and not user-friendly like its Google counterpart. Related Google's AlphaGo AI is retiring soon and here's why Apple developing dedicated AI processor chip codenamed 'Apple Neural Engine' Xiaomi Mi Max 2, Gionee S10, Galaxy Feel and Zenfone Live launched: Everything we know so far Post Comment IBT TV Close Macron-Trump handshake under scrutiny as pair meet for first time Why advertise with us? Latest News Here's how to watch Apple WWDC 2017 live 8 hours ago By Rohit KVN Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 gets Android 7.1.2 Nougat via Lineage OS 14.1 ROM [How to Install] 18 hours ago By Vinod Yalburgi Why advertise with us? most popular Best 4G data tariff plans for June 2017 from major telecom operators Here are the best 4G data plans you can avail in May 2017 from Reliance Jio, Airtel, Vodafone, Idea and BSNL. Moto X Play finally gets Android 7.1.1 Nougat update Motorola has announced the roll out of Android 7.1.1 Nougat update to its Moto X Play but there is no word on Moto G Play. Do you want to earn $200,000? Find bug in Google's Android OS Google has announced a bounty of $200,000 for researchers and engineers who find a bug in Google's Android OS. Apple iPhone 8 is still months away, but Samsung and LG are already scared of it Launches of new Galaxy S8 and LG G6 variants suggest that Apple's Korean rivals are already scared of the upcoming iPhone 8, which is still months away. Foxconn insider leaks design details of Apple iPhone 8, Siri speaker, AR glasses and redesigned iMacs Foxconn insider has shared some interesting tidbits about forthcoming Apple products via dedicated Apple thread on Reddit. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 gets Android 7.1.2 Nougat via Lineage OS 14.1 ROM [How to Install] Guide to install Android 7.1.2 update on Redmi Note 3 via LineageOS 14.1 ROM. Should you buy OnePlus 3T or wait for OnePlus 5 launch? OnePlus is expected to launch its flagship OnePlus 5 in the next few weeks and it is going to take on its predecessor OnePlus 3T. New OnePlus 5 teaser hints at smaller dimensions than 3T OnePlus team has posted a new teaser image depicting the dimensions of OnePlus 5 in comparison with OnePlus 3T. Photo Gallery Champions trophy 2017: India beat Pakistan by 124 runs Champions trophy 2017: India beat Pakistan by 124 runs. Sanjay Dutt supports tree plantation Sanjay Dutt spotted during the event organised to support 1000 tree plantation at BMC garden. India US World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Photos Video About us Advertise with us Brand Terms of service Privacy & Cookie Policy Permission Syndication Careers Site Navigation Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 International Business Times, India Edition All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest RSS
International Business Times, Singapore Edition International Business Times, Singapore Edition News China sets up world's biggest floating solar power plant SHOCKING: Great Barrier Reef can no longer be saved 47-year-old Singaporean man arrested for assaulting Hong Kong police officer Philippines Drug Enforement Agency recaptures Korean-American 'ecstacy' trader Public transport strike threatens school reopening in Philippines World China sets up world's biggest floating solar power plant SHOCKING: Great Barrier Reef can no longer be saved 47-year-old Singaporean man arrested for assaulting Hong Kong police officer Six killed as militants plough van into crowd on London Bridge, stab others United States might ban laptops on all international flights Asia Pacific China sets up world's biggest floating solar power plant 47-year-old Singaporean man arrested for assaulting Hong Kong police officer Philippines Drug Enforement Agency recaptures Korean-American 'ecstacy' trader Philippines authorities fear Abu Sayyaf role as 2 Japanese tourists go missing Philippines, Mexico discuss new ways to enhance trade Business Deutsche Bank: Deeper Asean integration is the key to achieve AEC 2025 Vision CapitaLand acquires Guozheng Center as it ditches Innov Tower in Shanghai NWC submits $60 wage hike proposal for low-wage workers SGX wants more tech startups to launch IPOs in Singapore SIA adds Stockholm as second Scandinavian destination Technology iOS 11, macOS 10.13 expected to debut at WWDC 2017 Windows 10's next features surface in Microsoft's wrongly-released test build Samsung Galaxy S8 vs Essential PH-1: Which is better? OnePlus 5: New leaks suggest 3300mAh battery, thinner display, dual camera Google releases list of devices with latest security patch Sports Novak Djokovic vs Albert Ramos-Vinolas, French Open 2017: Live streaming informa Rafael Nadal v Roberto Bautista Agut, French Open 2017 live streaming: How to wa Sai Praneeth vs Jonathan Christie, Thailand Open 2017 final live streaming: How India vs Pakistan, Champions Trophy 2017 live streaming: How to watch match onli Real Madrid vs Juventus, Champions League 2016/17 final live streaming: How to w Entertainment 13 Reasons Why Season 2 to be back in 2018: Here's what we know so far Circle: Gong Seung Yeon to be seen in different look for 2037 time period Fight My Way: Drama takes turn as Park Seo Joon confesses his feelings to Kim Ji That's so Raven's spin-off show: First trailer focuses on 'Raven's Home', her ch Produce 101: Concept challenge winners, rankings revealed Health Fiber-rich diet helps in lowering risk of painful osteoarthritis: Study Italian coffee helps to lower prostate cancer risk: Study Ireland tops new global healthcare system rankings, Singapore in 21st spot 3D-printed ovaries can help infertile women get pregnant: Study Lifestyle In Pictures: Beautiful images of underground metro stations in Moscow Australia's Great Barrier Reef cannot be saved by current efforts: Find out why Learning Korean from K-drama: 10 favourite words from Korean dramas! Instagram rated worst social network for mental health: Find out why! Michelin to launch second edition of Singapore guide 2017 on June 29 Search News Technology Apple plans to use AI chip in future iPhone models May 28, 2017 17:02 SGT By Mario Manlupig, Jr Reuters Apple is reportedly planning to embed a dedicated artificial intelligence chip in future iPhone models to enable functionalities that only this technology can fulfill. In fact, the firm is now developing the said chip which has been named the Apple Neural Engine. Apple Neural Engine According to a Bloomberg report, the Apple Neural Engine would be used to "improve the way the company's devices handle tasks that would otherwise require human intelligence—such as facial recognition and speech recognition". This technology is expected to help solve the long-standing issue with battery drain and potentially make the overall smartphone experience better. There have been speculations the Cupertino firm has been testing out this innovation and is looking into releasing the next iPhone models later this year with this chip in tow. However, as common as Apple demeanor, the firm refused to confirm this information. AI developments While there have been no public announcements made by Apple, the missing pieces of the puzzle seem to orchestrate one by one. In the last few years, Apple CEO Tim Cook had mentioned how the company is setting aside a massive amount of time to study augmented reality and artificial intelligence and how to integrate them into their future hardware. In 2016, the firm began publishing its research on artificial intelligence. In January, it entered into the Partnership on AI, a research coalition of Silicon Valley firms whose primary goal is to observe the future of digital innovation and cybernetics. And just in February, it announced its plans to expand its Seattle headquarters wherein much of its AI and machine learning efforts take place. The AI market has grown so fast in the last few years. Pioneers taking the lead like Amazon and Google have stepped ahead of Apple with their Alexa and Assistant devices. Soon after, Apple would be able to pick up and move forward beyond Siri. Related iPhone8 to make biggest mistake? Latest leaks reveal scary design Samsung Galaxy Note 8: Expectations and rumours iPhone SE to go on sale this month Post Comment IBT TV Close Vodafone Foundation helps save mothers’ and children’s lives in one of the world’s worst HIV hotspots READ MORE IOS 11, macOS 10.13 expected to debut at WWDC 2017 Windows 10's next features surface in Microsoft's wrongly-released test build Samsung Galaxy S8 vs Essential PH-1: Which is better? OnePlus 5: New leaks suggest 3300mAh battery, thinner display, dual camera Video game news round-up: Overwatch moon map, Nintendo Switch Online and amp; Pokemon Gos summer plans Follow Us: Google releases list of devices with latest security patch Chinese malware Fireball infects more than 250 million computers IPhone 8 latest image leak reveals Touch ID sensor on rear end and other specifications Need For Speed Payback reveal trailer (PS4, Xbox One, PC) Extinction confirmed for PlayStation 4, Xbox One and PC Home News World Asia Pacific Business Technology Sports Entertainment Health Lifestyle About us Advertise with us Brand Terms of service Privacy & Cookie Policy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 International Business Times, Singapore Edition All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest RSS
recommend.my - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Kuala Lumpur 31°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Tech/Gadgets Apple said to plan dedicated chip to power AI on devices Sunday May 28, 2017 05:22 PM GMT+8 ICYMI ‘Modern-day bank robbery’ lands Malaysian in Aussie jail The Edit: Message of defiance at concert The Edit: Hidden eats in Chow Kit The Edit: ‘Wonder Woman’ tops box office Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article CEO Tim Cook talks about Siri during an Apple event in San Francisco March 7, 2012. — Reuters picSAN FRANCISCO, May 28 — Apple Inc. got an early start in artificial intelligence software with the 2011 introduction of Siri, a tool that lets users operate their smartphones with voice commands. Now the electronics giant is bringing artificial intelligence to chips. Apple is working on a processor devoted specifically to AI-related tasks, according to a person familiar with the matter. The chip, known internally as the Apple Neural Engine, would improve the way the company’s devices handle tasks that would otherwise require human intelligence — such as facial recognition and speech recognition, said the person, who requested anonymity discussing a product that hasn’t been made public. Apple declined to comment. Engineers at Apple are racing to catch their peers at Amazon.com Inc. and Alphabet Inc. in the booming field of artificial intelligence. While Siri gave Apple an early advantage in voice-recognition, competitors have since been more aggressive in deploying AI across their product lines, including Amazon’s Echo and Google’s Home digital assistants. An AI-enabled processor would help Cupertino, California-based Apple integrate more advanced capabilities into devices, particularly cars that drive themselves and gadgets that run augmented reality, the technology that superimposes graphics and other information onto a person’s view of the world. “Two of the areas that Apple is betting its future on require AI,” said Gene Munster, former Apple analyst and co-founder of venture capital firm Loup Ventures. “At the core of augmented reality and self-driving cars is artificial intelligence.” Improved performance Apple devices currently handle complex artificial intelligence processes with two different chips: The main processor and the graphics chip. The new chip would let Apple offload those tasks onto a dedicated module designed specifically for demanding artificial intelligence processing, allowing Apple to improve battery performance. Should Apple bring the chip out of testing and development, it would follow other semiconductor makers that have already introduced dedicated AI chips. Qualcomm Inc.’s latest Snapdragon chip for smartphones has a module for handling artificial intelligence tasks, while Google announced its first chip, called the Tensor Processing Unit (TPU), in 2016. That chip worked in Google’s data centres to power search results and image-recognition. At its I/O conference this year, Google announced a new version that will be available to clients of its cloud business. Nvidia Corp. also sells a similar chip to cloud customers. The Apple AI chip is designed to make significant improvements to Apple’s hardware over time, and the company plans to eventually integrate the chip into many of its devices, including the iPhone and iPad, according to the person with knowledge of the matter. Apple has tested prototypes of future iPhones with the chip, the person said, adding that it’s unclear if the component will be ready this year. Apple’s operating systems and software features would integrate with devices that include the chip. For example, Apple has considered offloading facial recognition in the photos application, some parts of speech recognition, and the iPhone’s predictive keyboard to the chip, the person said. Apple also plans to offer developer access to the chip so third-party apps can also offload artificial intelligence-related tasks, the person said. Developer conference Apple may choose to discuss some of its latest advancements in AI at its annual developer’s conference in June. At the same conference, Apple plans to introduce iOS 11, its new operating system for iPhones and iPads, with an updated user-interface, people with knowledge of the matter said last month. The company is also said to discuss updated laptops with faster chips from Intel Corp. An AI chip would join a growing list of processors that Apple has created in-house. The company began designing its own main processors for the iPhone and iPad in 2010 with the A4 chip. It has since released dedicated processors to power the Apple Watch, the motion sensors across its products, the wireless components inside of its AirPods, and the fingerprint scanner in the MacBook Pro. The company has also tested a chip to run the low-power mode on Mac laptops. In 2015, Bloomberg reported that Apple’s culture of secrecy stymied the iPhone maker’s ability to attract top AI research talent. Since then, Apple has acquired multiple companies with deep ties to artificial intelligence, has begun publishing papers related to AI research, has joined a key research group and has made hires from the field. In October 2016, Apple hired Russ Salakhutdinov from Carnegie Mellon University as its director of AI research. — Bloomberg                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Smart cities to take centre stage at CES 2018 Snapchat’s ‘Spectacles’ go on sale in Europe A new era for Nokia Apple set to expand Siri, taking different route from Amazon’s Alexa (VIDEO) Five powerhouse gaming PCs seen at Computex 2017 A new era for Nokia Will Samsung's new notebooks write a new chapter? Nokia takes its relaunched 3310 ‘brick’ home to Finland (VIDEO) Robo justice: First robotic cop joins Dubai police Snapchat’s ‘Spectacles’ go on sale in Europe Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: One Direction's Styles tops Billboard with solo album Reuters Video: With rave reviews, 'Wonder Woman' readies to launch Reuters Video: Francois Ozon's 'L'Amant Double' shocks at Cannes Reuters Video: Cast and crew of ‘The Beguiled’ discuss the remake Reuters Video: Thai man murders baby, commits suicide on Facebook Live Tilda Swinton unveils strange ‘Okja’ promo clip Related Articles Apple said to ready Siri speaker in bid to rival Google, Amazon Apple Music sets August 8 as new release date for ‘Carpool Karaoke’ Chess-playing robot star of Taiwan tech fair Nokia, Apple bury hatchet in patent dispute Ready, Set, Go! Rematch of man vs machine in ancient game Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | recommend.my - Local Services
GET IN TOUCH WhatsApp: 0549986996 +233 302 224959, +233 302 226171       Ghana News Ghana News, Ghana Politics, Ghana Sports, Ghana Business           Home Business Politics Sport Showbiz Odd But True Opinion Relationship Lifestyle Infographics Photo Gallery TV Future iPads, iPhones might have a special chip just for processing AI Sunday 28th May , 2017 8:50 am Apple’s reportedly working on a new kind of chip — potentially for future iOS devices — that’ll be used just for processing AI, Bloomberg reports. Bloomberg says the chip’s called the Apple Neural Engine internally, and could be used for “offloading facial recognition in the photos application, some parts of speech recognition, and the iPhone’s predictive keyboard to the chip.” By moving AI processing to a dedicated chip, battery life in devices could also see a boost since the main CPU and GPU wouldn’t be crunching as much data and gobbling as much power. The report says Apple plans to integrate the chip into its devices, but it’s unclear when that’ll happen, and if any iOS devices launching this year will have it. Apple’s work on an AI chip shouldn’t surprise anyone who’s paying attention to the competition. Virtually every tech company is working on improving AI processing on mobile devices. Qualcomm’s latest Snapdragon 835 chip, which is already in devices like the Samsung Galaxy S8, has a special module dedicated to processing AI tasks. Years ago, Apple started designing its own mobile processors to improve performance and reduce power consumption, and it’s really paid off. Despite having fewer cores, the iPhone 7 still crushes the Galaxy S8 when it comes to sheer performance. iPhones and iPads also come with an Apple-designed “M”-branded motion coprocessor to collect sensor data from the various included sensors (accelerometer, gyroscope, compass, etc.). It’s this M chip that helps with tracking health and fitness data. Furthermore, in addition to the main Intel processors in the new MacBook Pros, there’s also a small Apple-made “T1” chip for powering the Touch Bar. Apple’s AirPods also have a custom W1 chip that helps with pairing them to iOS devices. Clearly, Apple loves making custom chips for things. We’re all for it, especially if that means longer battery life. If the future is AI everywhere (and it definitely looks like that’s where things are headed), it’s in Apple’s best interests to control the stack (like it always does) with its own AI chip. – Source: Mashable Apple Ghana News Ipads Iphones Marian Efe Ansah Tagged with: Apple Ghana News Ipads Iphones More on citifmonline.com US now conducts social media background checks before issuing visa June 4, 2017 Tech leaders defy Trump on climate deal June 4, 2017 YouTube clarifies ‘hate speech’ rules June 3, 2017 Google to let publishers charge users for ad-blockers June 3, 2017 Tech leaders defy Trump on climate deal June 2, 2017 Ghana to launch first satellite into space June 2, 2017 General News Faure Gnassingbè is new ECOWAS chair June 4, 2017 Ghanaian church celebrates Chelsea’s Premier League success [Photos] June 4, 2017 Rawlings calls for complete overhaul of NDC June 4, 2017 Galamsey fight: River Pra showing signs of improvement June 4, 2017 Capt. Mahama’s killers could’ve been influenced by alcohol, wee – MP June 4, 2017 Advertisement Recent Posts Faure Gnassingbè is new ECOWAS chair London attack: 12 arrested in Barking after van and knife attack Ghanaian church celebrates Chelsea’s Premier League success [Photos] Rawlings calls for complete overhaul of NDC GHACEM to train quality block makers Galamsey fight: River Pra showing signs of improvement Osu lifts ban on drumming and noise making Capt. Mahama’s killers could’ve been influenced by alcohol, wee – MP Ghana Chamber of Mines to launch online portal on local content We’ll pay invigilators – GES Find us on Facebook © Copyright 2017 | citifmonline.com | All Rights Reserved.
News Sports Life AV Review LV Leader Obits E-Edition Autos Jobs Homes Classifieds Site Site Archive New report critical of Husing’s analysis Sunday May 28, 2017 at 12:01 AM May 28, 2017 at 3:45 PM Matthew Cabe Staff Writer @DP_MatthewCabe APPLE VALLEY — A new report out of the University of California, Riverside (UCR) criticizes Dr. John Husing’s prediction of steep rate increases under town ownership of the water system here. In the report, Dr. Christopher Thornberg — director of UCR’s Center for Economic Forecasting and Development — argued Husing’s “dismal outlook” does not stand up “under scrutiny.” Thornberg, who was paid $25,000 by the town, aligned with Assistant Town Manager Marc Puckett, who recently said water rates could be lowered by 15 percent if the town earned the right in court to buy Liberty for $100 million at an interest rate between 4 and 4.4 percent. Conversely, Husing’s report — funded by Liberty Utilities — concluded the average residential water bill in town would increase between $502 and $620 per year under town ownership. Husing previously called Puckett’s claim “heroic” given what he saw as a Federal Reserve (FED) “clearly on track to raise interest rates.” His analysis found that a $150 million revenue bond would likely come with interest between 5.25 and 7.25 percent, resulting in annual payments between $10 and $12.4 million, respectively. Thornberg disagreed with Husing’s notion that a $150 million bond would not cover the full cost of acquiring Liberty. Further, he viewed Puckett’s range of $80 to $100 million as “almost assuredly ... on the high side.” Citing a modest “pace of appreciation” in the value of Liberty’s system over the next two to three years, Thornberg pegged a potential sale price at roughly $75 million. “Dr. Husing’s dismal outlook for the town’s purchase plan ... is based on his assumption of (a) very high purchase price paradoxically along with considerably higher interest rates than current rates,” Thornberg wrote. “His justification for these higher numbers does not stand up under scrutiny.” Tony Penna — vice president of Liberty Apple Valley — defended Husing’s analysis, stating residents “can trust the carefully researched conclusions by the High Desert’s most respected economist.” “Repaying $150 million in bond debt plus interest will increase water bills by at least $500 annually,” Penna said. “There has never been an eminent domain takeover where promises of lower water bills came true.” In Felton, customers are paying “$500 every year to repay bond debt, plus water rates have increased by 67 percent,” according to Penna. Both reports focus on Measure F, which residents will vote on in a June 6 special election. A “yes” vote would allow the town to borrow up to $150 million to acquire Liberty’s system; a “no” would likely end the town’s takeover bid. “Dr. Husing’s analysis and recommendation that voters should reject Measure F is consistent with the findings of the Apple Valley Blue Ribbon Water Committee,” Penna said, “which concluded that the debt could exceed $200 million.” Thornberg argued that Husing’s $150 to $200 million sale-price range was supported by “an erroneous interpretation” of Algonquin Power & Utilities Corporation’s purchase of Apple Valley Ranchos and two other systems from the Carlyle Group in early 2016. “Total consideration received by Carlyle was for $327 million, but there was an assumption of $77 million in debt by the buyer,” Thornberg wrote. “This implies that the three utilities were purchased for a cash amount of $250 million ... Husing inexplicably adds the $77 million to the $327 million ... to arrive at a highly inflated cash purchase value of $404 million.” He also attacked Husing’s claim of interest rate hikes. “His implication is that an economy with low unemployment will have higher interest rates,” Thornberg wrote. “Unfortunately, this conclusion ... simply isn’t supported by the historic evidence.” The U.S. last reached full employment in 1988, 1998 and 2006, according to Thornberg. “These were periods of time, not unlike today, where unemployment hit bottom and then remained roughly steady until the next recession, in 1990, 2001 and 2008 respectively,” he wrote. “In all three full-employment periods, long term interest rates actually declined rather than (rose) sharply. Dr. Husing’s rationale for higher rates is simply incorrect.” Like Husing, Thornberg acknowledged the FED is “in the midst of steadily raising the Federal Funds rate,” but he argued “any scholar of interest rates understands that the pass-through to long term rates is small.” “In short, this fact also doesn’t support Dr. Husing’s aggressive predictions at all,” Thornberg writes. “It is worth noting that since he released his reports, long term interest rates have actually dipped.” Town officials sought the independent review in response to “outside criticism” like Husing’s, a statement shows. Town spokesperson Kathie Martin told the Daily Press that Thornberg’s report was paid for with approval of Town Manager Frank Robinson. “The town manager has authority to approve expenses up to ($50,000),” Martin said. Meanwhile, Robinson said he was “delighted” to see Puckett “vindicated” by Thornberg’s report. “Given the amount of criticism … against Marc Puckett and the rest of his team,” Robinson said, “I decided it was important to have an independent economist take a look at the numbers.” Read Thornberg’s full report here. Read Husing’s full report here. Matthew Cabe can be reached at MCabe@VVDailyPress.com or at 760-951-6254. Follow him on Twitter@DP_MatthewCabe. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services My Profile Contact Us E-Paper Help Subscribe Now Report a Problem Online Services Newsletters/Alerts Archives Story Archive Obituary Archive Photo Archive Advertising Info Advertise with Us Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. VVdailypress.com ~ 13891 Park Ave, Victorville, CA, 92392 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville Crime Nation and World Shareable Databases Sports Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville In The Dirt Auto Racing Entertainment Movies Travel Local Food Reviews Special Sections Calendar Life Community Cajon Pass Commuter Education Family Health Religion Opinion Editorials Letters Editor's Notebook This Desert Life Business Obits Customer Service About Us Contact Us e-Edition Login Place an Ad News Alerts Subscribe Media Kit Reader Services More Photos Videos Calendar CSD Voter Guide Place an Ad Sickweather Map Contests TV Guide Branded Content Lucerne Valley Leader Apple Valley Review Subscriber My Profile E-Edition Reader Services Subscribe News Alerts Market Place Classifieds Advertise With Us Autos Jobs Homes Place an Ad Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Up and Down Wall Street Bitcoin and Tech Stocks: A 21st Century Tulipmania? Investors’ enthusiasm is reminiscent of the mania that struck the Dutch in the 1600s. By Randall W. Forsyth Biography Updated May 27, 2017 1:16 a.m. ET It was 50 years ago today Sgt. Pepper taught the band to play, if that can be believed by aging baby boomers. It seems only yesterday that we were listening to the Beatles’ iconic album of the Psychedelic ’60s while driving around in our VW Beetles, Mustangs, Minis, or Fiat 500s. Plus ça change and all that. The release on Friday of the... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. The Surprising Threat to the American Economy Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. 6 Dividend Stocks That Hedge Against Inflation Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. The Winners: Alphabet, Apple, and Amazon.com Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. AI Opens New Doors for Chip Makers, Investors Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 ​Where Do Americans Spend Their Tax Refunds?​ 2 Barron's Buzz: The 'Wonder Woman' Trade 3 Should You Buy Bitcoin? Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Apple iPhone 8 Could Be Encountering Reported Production Issues Eric Chiu International Business Times May 26, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share A supply chain analyst is claiming that Apple is not releasing a next-gen iPhone with curved display this year.More An Apple analyst said Apple’s iPhone 8 will be delayed during shipping and won’t start production until the first quarter of 2018, according to a report from AppleInsider. Jun Zhang, an analyst at Rosenblatt Securities, said in a note to investors that issues with the iPhone 8’s reported rear fingerprint sensor will delay the smartphone’s launch and that materials for its production won’t be available until the holiday 2017 quarter. As a result, Zhang said production orders for the new iPhone 8 will also be smaller than expected. As AppleInsider notes, Rosenblatt has also maintained an aggressively low target of $120 for Apple stock, despite its current price of around $150. Read: Alleged Images Of Apple Smartphone Show Touch ID On Back Of Device, Matte Black Model In the past, Zhang and Rosenblatt's predictions have sometimes been aggressive towards Apple. As AppleInsider pointed out, Zhang previously wrote in 2016 that if the Apple iPhone 7 didn’t have a significant panel upgrade, it would lack a driving feature for sales. The iPhone 7 would go on to fuel stronger year-over-year sales for Apple in the first quarter of 2017. While Apple has kept many details for the iPhone 8 under wraps, various leaks have provided a basic outline for the upcoming smartphone. Apple is expected to pair the iPhone 8 release with an iPhone 7s and 7s Plus refresh. The iPhone 8 is also expected to be a more boutique smartphone model with a possible price point of more than $1,000. The rear of the new iPhone is also expected to include a fingerprint sensor, similarly to the Samsung Galaxy S8 and Google Pixel. The rumored issues with the fingerprint sensor also come alongside similar product delay issues with the iPhone 8. Previously, it was rumored that Apple wanted to include Touch ID — where a user can validate their identity with a fingerprint — directly into the iPhone display. However, Apple reportedly ran into problems during the production process for the feature. At the time, Cowen and Company analyst Timothy Arcuri said Apple could potentially choose to either rely entirely on the front-facing camera with facial recognition for user validation. Apple could also move the Touch ID to the phone's backside or delay production on the phone, but still announce it alongside the iPhone 7s and 7s Plus. Read: Apple iPhone 8's High Price Will Not Dampen Sales, Survey Says For Apple, the company has ample reasons to ensure that the iPhone 8 hits the same heights of past iPhone releases. While the iPhone remains a driving factor in Apple’s current success, the smartphone field will see several high-profile releases this year like the LG G6 and has already seen similar flagship models like the Samsung Galaxy S8 and Google Pixel. Apple likely wants ensure that it gets the iPhone 8 launch right and maintains its current status as a market leader. Related Articles Siri To Get Galaxy S8's Bixby Vision Like Feature? Goldman Sachs Says iPhone 8 Will Cost $1,000 Reblog Share Tweet Share What to Read Next Inventor of “Iron Man” jet suit beats his own speed record Yahoo Tech Get a softer clean while using less* CharminSponsored Rumor claims Apple’s MacBook Air line is dead BGR News Microsoft's Xbox Game Pass will end your free time forever Yahoo Tech Google's autonomous car company is now testing out self-driving trucks Yahoo Tech The Best Of Australia Is Now On Offer Australia.comSponsored Uber posts $708 million loss and says finance head left Yahoo Tech How to install Android apps on your Windows computer, the easy way Digital Trends How the Microsoft Surface Pro compares to Apple's best Yahoo Tech Wallet-worthy upgrade—Discover Cashback Match Discover CardSponsored Microsoft's Skype draws inspiration from Snapchat in big redesign Yahoo Tech How Washington is throwing away its shot at protecting your privacy Yahoo Tech New leak sheds light on Apple’s secretive ‘smart glasses’ project BGR News An Insane Card Offering A 0% APR Until August 2018 NextAdvisorSponsored Why Amazon let 4,000 dogs into its Seattle headquarters Yahoo Tech Mark Zuckerberg: The most important thing I built at Harvard Yahoo Tech Zuckerberg to Harvard grads: 'You have to create a sense of purpose for others' Yahoo Tech A Card Now Offering a $200 Bonus To New Customers NextAdvisorSponsored People are going to pay $880 for this ‘Pirates of the Caribbean’ Galaxy S8, sadly BGR News No, your Apple computer isn't immune from ransomware Yahoo Tech The new Samsung Galaxy does 27 things the iPhone doesn't Yahoo Tech Trunk Club. Making Sense of Style. Trunk ClubSponsored The most important announcements from Google's big developers' conference Yahoo Tech No one will ever find this hidden spy cam BGR News How to avoid the massive WannaCry ransomware attack Yahoo Tech Take Advantage of Amazing Travel Rewards NerdWalletSponsored A widely praised Supreme Court decision still doesn't fix the broken patent system Yahoo Tech
Skip to main content Menu Order MacBook Pro | iPhone 7 | Mac Pro | Shop: Cheap Wireless Plans Forums Skip to navigation Skip to content iMore Rumors Analysis How To The Best Reviews Deals Newsletter Forums Ask a Question New Posts Trending Discussions iPhone 7 iPhone 7 Plus iPhone 6s iPhone 6s Plus MacBook Pro Apple Watch Series 2 iOS 10 macOS Sierra iPad Pro (12.9-inch) iPad Pro (9.7-inch) Apps & Games Shop HOT ACCESSORY DEAL$ Digital Offers Best sellers New releases Cases and covers Chargers and cables Battery packs Screen Protectors Toggle Search Pace of change Apple Maps vs. Google Maps: A year in analysis By Rene Ritchie Saturday, May 27, 2017 at 12:41 pm EDT 27 Comments Apple is constantly working on maps but, when you look at this incredibly detailed analysis by Justin O'Beirne, Google is racing. Over the course of a year, Google quietly turned its map inside-out – transforming it from a road map into a place map. A year ago, the roads were the most prominent part of the map – the thing you noticed first. Now, the places are. And: In our Comparison last year, we found that Apple generally showed a greater variety of places than Google: But look what happens when we resurvey Google a year later: It's quite a difference – and Google's mix is now much closer to Apple's. And: Speaking of Apple... while Google has been making all those changes, what has Apple been up to? After all, Apple announced an "all-new design" for Apple Maps just weeks before Google's Summer redesign. Let's take a look at how Apple looked a year ago, before it released its new design: And now let's see how it looks today: See the difference? I don't either. Last year, in addition to the major redesign, we also got Maps apps, so everything from ride-sharing to reservation making could live in and enhance maps. We also got steady progress for Apple Maps on the web. I expect we'll see some of the next-generation of Maps updates at WWDC 2017 but here's hoping Apple can shed its dependence on TomTom data, accelerate the updates, and start closing that gap. It's not about beating Google at maps either. It's about providing quality maps all Apple's own. Many people simply use whatever's built into the phone or tablet they buy, and for iPhone and iPad, that's Apple Maps. And they deserve as rapid and continuous improvements as possible. Apple's got a great geo team, we just need to see more from them in real time. Maps for iPhone and iPad What's new in the Maps app How to find locations and get directions with Maps How to share location and directions with Maps How to delete your search history and prior destinations in Maps How to use Siri with Maps How to enable and use Maps extensions Best Maps app extensions How to change settings for Maps How to report a problem in Maps How to use Maps with CarPlay Reader comments Apple Maps vs. Google Maps: A year in analysis 27 Comments View All Comments Log In to Comment Register Sort by Date Sort by Rating wesee The week that Apple Maps first came out, I got a wedding invitation that stated, "Don't use Google Maps, because it's wrong." I knew where the church was, and sure enough Google was wrong. I tried it in Apple Maps, and it was perfect. Since then I have used Apple Maps only, and have yet to be let down. I travel all over Southern Ontario, and into the US at times. I know people find spots that are wrong, but that can be said for Google too. I'll happily stick with Apple Maps. 0 1 week ago Reply Rene Ritchie No maps really work for me. Google stopped announcing exit numbers for a while, which meant I couldn't use them on the local highways. Just last week I asked both Google and Apple Maps to take me to a local town hall. Apple showed me the wrong town, Google wanted me to go to the U.S. The floods ended here almost two weeks ago and Google still wants to redirect me around them, but wants to take me through roads blocked by construction for almost a month. I get that mapping is hard and up-to-the-minute mapping almost impossible, so generally I try to just get general ideas and not worry the details much. 0 1 week ago Reply Steve Adams The opposite for us when apple started with maps. We went to a hockey tourney with my son, his iPhone shoed the stadium on the opposite side of town and my nokia brought us right to the correct door. 0 1 week ago Reply wvayens I really prefer the look of Apple maps. I use maps more to tell me how to get someplace rather than finding places. And I find the "look" when I'm navigating to be much cleaner and easier to read. 0 1 week ago Reply masaoota I'm totally the opposite - I find Google Maps visually a lot easier to view and follow. This is particularly so in London where they have clear classic icons on the map for underground stations and train stations which are often the main landmarks I navigate by. The Apple Maps representation of these is really poor. 0 1 week ago Reply PoisonMaps I think this is an example of why Google Maps is so much better than Apple Maps for countries outside North America. Apple Maps is very much based on roads, which is probably fine in the U.S, where most people drive everywhere, but doesn’t work elsewhere. As you say, in London people’s knowledge of the layout of the city is generally garnered from the tube map (an iconic design that I am unhealthily fond of), and so Google make sure that the stations are prominent. I don’t know for sure, but Apple don’t seem to have the same global knowledge. They have some great transit functionality, with fantastic levels of detail, but the London tube stations are barely shown on the main map unless you specifically select the Transit option. I assume that Apple Maps are coded by guys in Cupertino so this probably seems a reasonable assumption. However I guess that Google have people in each country giving feedback about what locals expect to be on a map, and that makes their maps so much better to use. Apple really need to up their game with maps, especially outside the US. I am sure that they are great for driving, but what about when walking? Especially when in the countryside, which is where Apple Maps is frankly awful. This was understandable when they first started, but is pretty pathetic 5 years later. Why do they show so few (if any) paths? Surely people in the US like to hike as well? Hopefully Apple will up their game in Maps at WWDC. They have made all sorts of amazing peripheral improvements (3D flyovers, transit, reservations etc) but the basic maps are not much better than they were 5 years ago (at least here in the UK). They still prioritise driving and ignore walking, which is pretty poor for a general purpose app. 0 1 week ago Reply indoctrahol I'll give Apple Maps another go around. The issue I have with it when using just for a little bit was there is a bit too much movement when navigating. It becomes a bit hard to reorientate your sense of direction when this happens too much. Maybe I'm just getting old. 0 1 week ago Reply Vox My only problem with Apple Maps is that it's the only option when it comes to Car Play...can't open Waze or Google Maps in the place I need them most...my car. Usually Apple Maps works well here in Monterrey (Mexico), but when it doesn't, I've got to pull out my phone holder and stick it to the window to be able to use Waze (which is usually the best of the 3 for me here). 0 1 week ago Reply Thoughter Rene, by focusing just on the look of Apple Maps, you are leaving out the huge improvements that Apple continues to roll out. For example, it's just in the past year AM has implemented the hugely beneficial "alternate routes" pop up when accidents occur. Apple Transit is also superior to GM Transit, not in number of regions yet, but in accuracy and user features. (Apple could have turned on every region at once, as Google did, if they simply were satisfied with stock data, but Google was criticized for accuracy, etc., and Apple wanted a very different user experience. Also, it would be good for you with your contacts to do an article on what is around the corner with Apple anticipated to compete its base map this year or early 2018. This will lead to some fantastic developments, such as Sky to ground zoom, again far superior than the GM Streetview which is very dated and clunky to use. 0 1 week ago Reply Thoughter Rene, also it would be great in an article to let folks know how huge mapping is in Apple's future. With the debacle of a roll out, Apple has intentionally been low key in building base map and adding features, but they are adding thousands of employees to mapping, e.g., new center in India, and mapping is integral to the future Apple ecosystem, something most don't realize. 0 1 week ago Reply SkydiverTilt Two YEARS after moving into my house I still have to tell people not to use Apple Maps. It's just awful. Apple reallly needs to allow Google maps integration into the iOS for one click directions. Apple maps isn't even close (and I'm an Apple fan boy), not by **** far. Stays deleted (thank you Apple for at least allowing it to be deleted so as not to accidentally click a link and open up that garbage of an app) 0 1 week ago Reply DannyJJK If you've read the previous comments on here, Apple Maps is certainly not garbage. Yes it's probably inaccurate in your area, but just because it's bad in one area doesn't mean it's bad all round. Google Maps is very inaccurate for me around where I live, by your logic that means Google Maps is just as garbage as well 0 1 week ago Reply stratmansd Google Maps is really better when it comes to overall reference and map information. But when it comes to driving directions, I find Apple Maps and Google Maps are mostly the same. Google maps is good at giving you lane instructions which Apple Maps doesn't do. However, I've had Google either stop giving directions or begin giving me directions in an opposite direction. I haven't had these problems with Apple Maps. Apple Maps is usually reliable when I'm driving and using Car Play. 0 1 week ago Reply AdamHunterATC I am, for the most part, content with Apple Maps. Give me lane guidance and multi-destination routing, and it'll be perfect for me. 0 1 week ago Reply n8ter#AC Most people I know use Google Maps. I haven't driven in like... Years, Lol. So, naturally I only use Maps when told to. In that case, I just use whatever device I have. If I have my Windows Tablet, I will just use that cause it has GPS and Offline Maps. If I'm on my Kindle I'll check on that if I'm tethered. If i'm on my Phone, I will check Apple Maps, cause I don't install redundant apps on my phone (like Google Maps). I've yet to have any of those take me to the wrong place, so I pretty much don't care about these details anymore... 0 1 week ago Reply iDonev Over where I live (Bulgaria) Apple Maps has much more serious problems than your usual "oh, there aren't enough businesses and places of interest" or the "road is closed due to construction work and it's not reflected on the map". The biggest issue Apple Maps has for me is the omission of small roads and pedestrian walkways. As such Apple Maps cannot even give me the fastest route to my location. Google Maps, on the other hand, is much more comprehensive. That said, I still prefer Apple Maps, I just need to duplicate my route search in Google Maps to make sure that I am going where I need to go and that I will get there as quickly as possible. 0 1 week ago Reply Ttrq2001 For a very nice job with the same topic, head over here and check out what this other author has to say! Enjoy. https://www.justinobeirne.com/a-year-of-google-maps-and-apple-maps 0 1 week ago Reply PoisonMaps That's the article that Rene is talking about. 0 1 week ago Reply Ttrq2001 Ah got it. That article is really good! Thx PM! 0 1 week ago Reply PoisonMaps No worries. It is a great article that gives a good insight into the difficulty of creating maps that are used for all sorts of purposes. I think they should give the user more control over what they want to see on the map. Both apps have “transport” modes, and Google have “cycling”, but why not have options for hiking, shopping, tourism, emergencies etc? Although then no-one would buy my app! 0 1 week ago Reply Derrick4Real yes a very good article. And if it's relying on Tom Tom information it explains why for more than a year my like 30 requests for a correction of a business and address went unfixed. They probably could not fix it because it was someone else's information, which i always suspected. That said they did offer a place to offer corrections. So i figured they had some input. 0 1 week ago Reply Steve Adams Oh, for driving, at least, download HERE maps. It's the BEST mapping / navigation for driving . 0 1 week ago Reply Derrick4Real My experience is very much the opposite. Google has always and still does have far more detail, businesses in my area, LA. The addresses and business names are more accurate too. I even told apple several times about errors that didn't get fixed until just last year. Google street view is the killer feature though and i haven't seen an apple offering that compares to that. I do wish google had a feature where i could just have it in 3d driving mode w/o navigating somewhere. And also even when you're driving or navigating it doesn't always show the map in the direction your moving which is annoying. Google also has maps inside many stores here which was actually quite useful as when i was looking for a used record store i peered inside and it was pretty easy to determine that it wasn't a traditional record store but was more of a joint selling overpriced brand new albums you could get at Urban Outfitters and incense. Apple is ok. i use it sometimes. But it really annoyed me when i used it to drive to "Walmart" only to find out it was really a "Sam's Club", a business owned by Walmart but clearly messed up on Apple's maps. Somehow I'm guessing they got the information messed up. Unfortunately the nearest Walmart was like a 25 minute drive away. And i hate Walmart. I didn't want to have to go in the first place. Interestingly, i noticed Yelp had the exact same error along with several other errors Apple's maps had. I theorized that wherever they got their data from it was the same place. 0 1 week ago Reply sangs Verizon Navigator FTW! :D Yes, I'm joking. Why on earth VZN still comes preinstalled on some phones, and is offered for download on others, boggles my mind. Who the **** is gonna pay for that when Google and Apple offer Maps for free? Anyway, I prefer GM to AM, mainly because it tells me what lane to be in, and that's a big one in the NJ/NYC area. Also prefer the look. 0 6 days ago Reply birdman325 I routinely switch between Google and Waze. At least here in Toronto, I find Waze far and away does the best job in routing you around traffic and congested areas. The feature I like best about Google Maps is that as you are driving on a particular route, superimposed on the Map are various "similar ETA" routes, so for example, instead of driving straight up a particular street which may be the "main route", Google Maps will show me "similar ETA" if I turn left. I have tried Apple Maps and while I find it to be generally accurate, I have less confidence in its real time traffic updating. Anyone have any thoughts or experiences with Apple Maps and traffic (in Toronto)? 0 6 days ago Reply SweSubaru Here in Sweden Apple Maps is so far behind Google Maps.For info and POI i use Google Maps.For navigation i use Waze. 0 6 days ago Reply Nick Seamore Still no bicycle choice! For a green company a shame!!! 0 6 days ago Reply Menu Log in or Sign up Search Apple Apps & Games Accessories & Toys Photo & Video Health & Fitness Movies & Music Transport Security Rumors Analysis How To The Best Reviews Deals Newsletter Forums Podcasts Android Central WindowsCentral iMore CrackBerry Connectedly TeslaCentral VRHeads MrMobile Modern Dad About Contact Us Jobs Privacy & Terms Mobile Nations 500M Consumers Reached Yearly Copyright 2017 Mobile Nations Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Careers: Writer | Dev Licensing External Links Disclosure Advertising Partner
Skip to main content Menu Order MacBook Pro | iPhone 7 | Mac Pro | Shop: Cheap Wireless Plans Forums Skip to navigation Skip to content iMore Rumors Analysis How To The Best Reviews Deals Newsletter Forums Ask a Question New Posts Trending Discussions iPhone 7 iPhone 7 Plus iPhone 6s iPhone 6s Plus MacBook Pro Apple Watch Series 2 iOS 10 macOS Sierra iPad Pro (12.9-inch) iPad Pro (9.7-inch) Apps & Games Shop HOT ACCESSORY DEAL$ Digital Offers Best sellers New releases Cases and covers Chargers and cables Battery packs Screen Protectors Toggle Search Buyers Guide How to Get the Apple Watch Link Bracelet Look for Less By Cella Lao Rousseau Saturday, May 27, 2017 at 11:00 am EDT 0 Comments The timeless look of the link bracelet can be yours for a fraction of the price. Here's how to get the Apple Watch link bracelet look for less! {.intro} Updated May 2017: This article has been updated to include the Pomarks Apple Watch Band Wrist Strap Link Bracelet. If you love your Apple Watch and enjoy accessorizing with fashionable Apple Watch bands, you've got to be a fan of Apple Watch's lovely link bracelet. It will look good on anyone's wrist, and should go with almost any outfit in your wardrobe! But if you're not prepared to shell out the base price of $449, never fear — the shopping gurus of iMore are here, and we know how to nab that look for far, far less. Here's how! MoKo stainless steel band Eoso stainless steel watch band Kades stainless steel link bracelet Happy Cell link bracelet band OULUOQI butterfly stainless steel bracelet Pomarks Apple Watch Band Wrist Strap Link Bracelet MoKo stainless steel band The stainless steel band from MoKo offers nine versions of the link bracelet; we're loving the one pictured to the right that's a copy of the space black genuine article. If you're looking to replicate Apple's silver links, MoKo can do that, too. This one would be hard to identify as a non-Apple product, that's for sure. The triple safety folding clasp secures the band so that you'll never have to worry about it slipping off your wrist. MoKo offers both 38mm and 42mm bands in all of their solid colors, and a select few for only the 42mm band. Prices start around $26 and top out around $60. See at Amazon Eoso stainless steel watch band With seven beautiful colors to choose from, the links from Eoso are among the most popular in online stores. The quality is second to none and you'll be tempted to purchase more than one hard not to when the colors extend into gorgeous rose gold and butterfly gold. The stainless steel links are smooth and comfortable, allowing you to wear it from the office to your fancy night on the town, and the double-button folding clasp won't let go until you say so. Prices start around $30 for the 38mm and 42mm, so why not grab one for you and one for a friend? See at Amazon Kades stainless steel link bracelet Let's say you've been frustrated by watch bands that are far too big on your wrist for far too long, and you're convinced that the link bracelet look just won't work for you. This bracelet from Kades is out to prove you wrong, friend. You'll be able to remove up to 10 links, even from the 38mm version, so the link look can be yours, all yours! All four color variations have beautiful brushed metal surfaces that look absolutely unique and authentic. Guess who didn't pay hundreds of dollars? You, because Kades sells these beauties for about $29 to $31. For that price, you can get a band in each of the four colors for either your 38mm or 42mm watch and still not come close to Apple's original price. See at Amazon Happy Cell link bracelet band The link bracelet from Happy Cell is only available for the 42mm Apple Watch. For all you watch wearers out there who are looking to stay truer to the exclusive color options from Apple, this is the band you've been looking for. There are three color variations available and they all look sharp. The butterfly clasp locks securely in place, and it's easy to remove multiple links if you find the standard bands just a little loose on your wrist. You'll pay a little more for this band than some of the other alternatives, anywhere from $50 to $90, but that's still a drop in the bucket when you aren't quite ready to buy the real thing. See at Amazon OULUOQI butterfly stainless steel bracelet A warranty can be comforting when you're buying an alternative brand for your Apple Watch, and that's the first way OULUOQI delivers with their band. Their 18 month manufacturer's warranty means that you can get a replacement band if something happens to you gorgeous new band, but it's a comfort you're not likely to need. The well-reviewed band is a favorite for a reason. As alternative brand bands go, OULUOQI is on the more expensive end, with both the 38mm and 42mm watch bands costing about $90. A feature we love about the brand is how some links are removable with a simple release button, so you don't have to fuss with any tiny tools to shrink the band size. Combine that convenience with the spot-on match of Apple's silver and space black colors and you've got a winning watch band! See at Amazon Pomarks Apple Watch Band Wrist Strap Link Bracelet If you're looking for a near-identical dupe to the Apple Watch link band, then we recommend taking a peek at the Apple Watch Band Wrist Strap Link Bracelet from Pomarks. Designed with high quality stainless steel and designed to look like an identical clone of the original link bracelet, the Pomarks Apple Watch Band Wrist Strap Link Bracelet is easy to adjust and secure depending on how big or thin your wrist is. You can pick up this particular Apple Watch accessory for around $30, and if there are any issues, don't worry: all Posmarks products are backed up with a warranty in case anything happens! See at Amazon Love your look for so much less Still not completely convinced that you can steal the link bracelet look for a better price? Have a look at Apple's link bracelet and compare for yourself. We think you'll be pleased with our budget-friendly options in the end! Apple Watch watchOS 3 review Apple Watch Series 2 review Apple Watch buyers guide Apple Watch users guide Apple Watch news Apple Watch discussion Buy at Apple Reader comments How to Get the Apple Watch Link Bracelet Look for Less 0 Comments View All Comments Log In to Comment Register Menu Log in or Sign up Search Apple Apps & Games Accessories & Toys Photo & Video Health & Fitness Movies & Music Transport Security Rumors Analysis How To The Best Reviews Deals Newsletter Forums Podcasts Android Central WindowsCentral iMore CrackBerry Connectedly TeslaCentral VRHeads MrMobile Modern Dad About Contact Us Jobs Privacy & Terms Mobile Nations 500M Consumers Reached Yearly Copyright 2017 Mobile Nations Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Careers: Writer | Dev Licensing External Links Disclosure Advertising Partner
Skip to main content Menu Order MacBook Pro | iPhone 7 | Mac Pro | Shop: Cheap Wireless Plans Forums Skip to navigation Skip to content iMore Rumors Analysis How To The Best Reviews Deals Newsletter Forums Ask a Question New Posts Trending Discussions iPhone 7 iPhone 7 Plus iPhone 6s iPhone 6s Plus MacBook Pro Apple Watch Series 2 iOS 10 macOS Sierra iPad Pro (12.9-inch) iPad Pro (9.7-inch) Apps & Games Shop HOT ACCESSORY DEAL$ Digital Offers Best sellers New releases Cases and covers Chargers and cables Battery packs Screen Protectors Toggle Search Ultimate Guide HomeKit: The ultimate guide to Apple home automation By Mikah Sargent, Serenity Caldwell Saturday, May 27, 2017 at 6:30 am EDT 7 Comments Mikah Sargent is Senior Editor at Mobile Nations. When he's not bothering his chihuahuas, Mikah spends entirely too much time and money on HomeKit products. You can follow him on Twitter at @mikahsargent if you're so inclined. Want to start using Apple's HomeKit home automation for iPhone and iPad? Here's everything you need to know! Just getting started with HomeKit or recently purchased your first HomeKit-enabled accessory? Awesome! You've just bought into one of the most secure, most easy-to-use connected home platforms — especially if you're using an iOS device like an iPhone or iPad. Now, while Apple's take on the connected home is designed to be simple and secure, it can still be a little daunting. That's why we've put together this guide: to give you all the information you'll need (and then some!) to set up and use HomeKit-enabled accessories and apps. Don't worry, you'll be controlling your home with Siri and the iOS Home app in no time! How HomeKit works What the heck is HomeKit and how does it work? Fair question. When you buy a connected home accessory that works with Apple HomeKit, you're buying a product that's been tested by Apple for both security and functionality. HomeKit is a framework that connects your home automation products and lets you control them with your voice, via Siri, and your taps, via the Home app for iOS. Here's an example: Say you buy Elgato's Eve Room, a HomeKit-enabled product that monitors a room's air quality, temperature, and humidity. After you perform an initial setup process, Apple's HomeKit framework securely connects the accessory to your iOS devices and lets you access its sensors (air quality, temperature, and humidity) in HomeKit-enabled apps and via Siri. You can learn more about how HomeKit operates here: The science behind HomeKit HomeKit FAQ: Everything you need to know Should you use HomeKit? HomeKit has improved quite a bit since its introduction in 2014; at this point I can absolutely recommend going all-in on a HomeKit-enabled home. Serenity Caldwell's original thoughts on HomeKit After four months with HomeKit, I can say that while I love it, it's definitely not perfect: HomeKit accessories only just started arriving in 2015, and the framework is just two years old. As such, there are still plenty of bugs to be fixed and kinks to work out in the system. Siri doesn't always work; Bluetooth-based accessories can't update without a device nearby to check their status; and Wi-Fi based accessories all require different bridges—which leads to a lot of bridges in your network room. Would I use HomeKit to run my door locks? Not yet—it's still a little too finicky for my taste. But for lights, plugs, and thermostats, the service is great. When HomeKit does work, it's downright magical, and when it doesn't, well... the accessories I mentioned above also all have manual control options. So it doesn't outright break anything; you just go back to living in the status quo switch world of before. Four months in, I have around 85 percent reliability with my HomeKit devices, and I'm only seeing Siri's response rate and connectivity increase as time goes on. Is HomeKit worth it if you're willing to suffer the occasional early adopter bug? Absolutely. Considering that you can pick up a HomeKit-enabled plug for just $30 to start your collection, there's no huge monetary buy-in; Apple's emphasis on the security aspect also elevates the home automation service above fellow competitors like Wink and WeMo. And recent support from longtime home automation players like Philips Hue makes it even easier to drop some cash to play in the HomeKit ecosystem. Ultimately, it'll still be a few years before I think we'll see HomeKit really grab mass attention, but it's a ripe playground for early adoption and experimentation. Scenes let you set up complex actions, triggerable by a phrase to Siri; Triggers offer even more control, letting you set up action- and time-based events so that you have to do as little fiddling with switches and Siri as possible. For me, HomeKit is a blast—even with the occasional bug or two—and I can't wait to see where it's going in the future. HomeKit accessories: What's available and our reviews Looking for HomeKit-enabled accessories to add to your home? Wondering if that newly announced smart dishwasher is a good choice? Find out which accessories work with Apple HomeKit and our reviews of some of the best HomeKit-enabled accessories on the market. Here are all the HomeKit devices you can buy Perfect HomeKit gifts for everyone you know! Best HomeKit Accessories for renters Automate your Christmas lights with Siri and HomeKit! Review: Ecobee3 Smart Thermostat Review: Philips Hue Lights How to set up your HomeKit accessories Once you've gotten a HomeKit accessory or two, you'll want to set them up with your house. Here's our complete guide to hooking your accessories up to HomeKit; adding rooms, zones, and scenes; and sharing your HomeKit access with guests and family members. How to set up your accessories with HomeKit How to set your favorite scenes and accessories in Home app How to adjust notifications and status for your HomeKit accessories How to add rooms, zones, and scenes to your HomeKit house How to add users to your HomeKit home How to control your HomeKit accessories with apps and Siri The best part of Apple's HomeKit framework is being able to control all your apps in one place. Here's how you can use Siri and third-party apps to truly become the master of your HomeKit house. How to use Siri with your HomeKit accessories The Home app is the program Apple should have shipped with HomeKit How to access your HomeKit accessories outside of your home Want to change your lights while you're on vacation? Here's what you need to know about HomeKit and remote access. Everything you need to know about Apple TV and HomeKit Troubleshooting HomeKit Having trouble setting up your HomeKit system? Here's our full list of troubleshooting tips and recommendations. How to transfer your old Hue lights to your new HomeKit bridge How to troubleshoot your HomeKit accessories More helpful HomeKit links If you still have questions about HomeKit or want to chat with some fellow HomeKit owners, check out our HomeKit forums and our other HomeKit articles! HomeKit HomeKit FAQ HomeKit accessories HomeKit help HomeKit explainer HomeKit news HomeKit discussion Reader comments HomeKit: The ultimate guide to Apple home automation 7 Comments View All Comments Log In to Comment Register Sort by Date Sort by Rating steviet02 "Apple's emphasis on the security aspect also elevates the home automation service above fellow competitors like Wink and WeMo." How is HomeKit more secure than Belkins WeMo offerings? 0 1 year ago Reply Serenity Caldwell Read Rene's explainer linked above for more detail, but it essentially requires encrypted Wi-Fi or Bluetooth transmissions for any home data. 0 1 year ago Reply wpdude Nice NES collection. 0 1 year ago Reply JohnGrovesAZ Have read every one of your home kit blogs. By far the best resource I have found on the subject. Someone who is truly leading / bleeding edge helping the rest of us to not make as many mistakes. Thanks 0 1 year ago Reply JaySeeDoubleYou I have most of those NES games! ;-) I think it's great that the Mobile Nations sites bring a quirky humor to their photo shoots! There was an Android Central article that had a Virtual Boy in the background of the pic for absolutely no reason (That's something I don't have!) I love it! Makes me wonder what will be next! :-D 0 1 year ago Reply shibbidydibbidy Hey, I am just getting into HomeKit. I have a question. Do you have any 'scenes' set up that have both philips hue lights and lutron switches involved? I have the philips lights and i want to add a string of christmas lights with the lutron plug-in dimmer. If i say "hey siri, set the movie scene" will she change the hue lights and the lutron? Is this something you have tried? I've been reading your posts and it sort of seems like it will work. but i'm a little skeptical yet. Thanks for your help! 0 1 year ago Reply SteveW25561 I can't find the answer to these issues I have with HomeKit: 1. Is there an away mode/scene to simulate someone in the house? I can't find any randomization feature, and Google searches about "HomeKit" and "away" yield results talking about the Apple TV or iPad allowing out-of-home access to HomeKit. 2. How well can Bluetooth low-energy HomeKit devices (as opposed to WiFi connected HomeKit devices) connect and work, especially if you have many that are more than 100 feet away or separated by walls? I see this as a major issue if you want to deploy HomeKit devices more than a small radius away from your Apple TV. 0 6 months ago Reply Menu Log in or Sign up Search Apple Apps & Games Accessories & Toys Photo & Video Health & Fitness Movies & Music Transport Security Rumors Analysis How To The Best Reviews Deals Newsletter Forums Podcasts Android Central WindowsCentral iMore CrackBerry Connectedly TeslaCentral VRHeads MrMobile Modern Dad About Contact Us Jobs Privacy & Terms Mobile Nations 500M Consumers Reached Yearly Copyright 2017 Mobile Nations Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Careers: Writer | Dev Licensing External Links Disclosure Advertising Partner
Skip to main content Menu Order MacBook Pro | iPhone 7 | Mac Pro | Shop: Cheap Wireless Plans Forums Skip to navigation Skip to content iMore Rumors Analysis How To The Best Reviews Deals Newsletter Forums Ask a Question New Posts Trending Discussions iPhone 7 iPhone 7 Plus iPhone 6s iPhone 6s Plus MacBook Pro Apple Watch Series 2 iOS 10 macOS Sierra iPad Pro (12.9-inch) iPad Pro (9.7-inch) Apps & Games Shop HOT ACCESSORY DEAL$ Digital Offers Best sellers New releases Cases and covers Chargers and cables Battery packs Screen Protectors Toggle Search Faster! Speed up app installs and iCloud access on your Apple devices! By Anthony Casella Saturday, May 27, 2017 at 3:00 pm EDT 1 Comment How can I more quickly install apps, get iCloud data, and update all of my Apple devices? Do you have a lot of Apple hardware to maintain? Perhaps you are a small office that manages numerous similar Apple devices? You can speed up the updating of your Macs, the downloading of your apps, and access to your iCloud data while at the same time reducing your internet bandwidth usage by installing the macOS Server Caching Service! What does the Caching service do? In my household, we have (in their various forms): 4 iPads, 4 iPhones, 3 AppleTVs, 3 MacBook Pros, 2 MacBook Airs, 1 MacBook, and 1 iMac. That's a lot of downloading to do for iCloud synchronization and system updates across all of those devices. You may have a metered internet package or you might need to make certain your Apple-related downloads don't use up all of the bandwidth. The Caching service helps by keeping a local network copy of app downloads, system updates, iCloud data, iBooks purchases and the like. Once one iPhone downloads a newly purchased app or goes on to synchronize documents in iCloud, the caching service will automatically save a copy of the file on its hard drive and the rest of your devices can look to the local macOS Server running the caching service to download it rather than downloading it from the internet. This speeds up installation and synchronization on all subsequent devices by many times! Install macOS Server on one of your Macs If you haven't already done so, you'll need to install macOS Server on one of your network Macs. You can follow our detailed guide if you need a little more help, but here is the express version. Launch the App Store application. Search for macOS Server in the search bar at the top right of the app. Click Buy next to macOS Server or if already purchased, you'll be notified that you can download it for free. Click Install. Agree to the User Agreement. How to set up the caching service Launch the Server App Select Caching under the Services listing. Optionally select Edit Permissions to determine which devices on which networks are allowed to connect to your macOS Server. Optionally select Edit Peering Permissions to select from what networks other Caching servers can be used to share data. Leave Cache personal iCloud data enabled to allow for caching of iCloud data to quickly synchronize all of your iCloud-connected devices. Click Change Location if you have a secondary storage device connected to your macOS Server to change the cache location. Click and drag the Slider or type in the Cache Size to set how much of your storage device you want to use for the caching service. Click the OFF/ON button to start the service. Restart all of your Apple devices so that they can detect the caching service running on your network. With that, your devices will automagically start using and storing data and files on your caching server. You can see what type of file and how much space is being used for each type of data populating your server. If ever you need to reset the data in the cache, you need to simply click on Reset on the caching service administration page. Any comments or questions? This is by far one of the most useful and simplest services to set up on your Apple-centric network. It's also one of the most impactful since the bandwidth and time saved can be dramatic across all of your hardware. If you have any questions or comments, leave it below! Reader comments Speed up app installs and iCloud access on your Apple devices! 1 Comment View All Comments Log In to Comment Register Sort by Date Sort by Rating darbmore When does the caching need to be reset? My Server says that the cache is full. Would be convenient if the Server removes old cache dynamically similar to how iOS works with photos and music. 0 1 week ago Reply Menu Log in or Sign up Search Apple Apps & Games Accessories & Toys Photo & Video Health & Fitness Movies & Music Transport Security Rumors Analysis How To The Best Reviews Deals Newsletter Forums Podcasts Android Central WindowsCentral iMore CrackBerry Connectedly TeslaCentral VRHeads MrMobile Modern Dad About Contact Us Jobs Privacy & Terms Mobile Nations 500M Consumers Reached Yearly Copyright 2017 Mobile Nations Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Careers: Writer | Dev Licensing External Links Disclosure Advertising Partner
International Business Times, India Edition International Business Times, India Edition India World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Science & Health Photos Video Search Search Home Technology Smartphones Apple iPhone 6 relaunched in UK with bigger storage; all you need to know Apple iPhone 6 is available exclusively on EE Carrier with lucrative subscription plans. Rohit KVN   May 28, 2017 11:34 IST In Picture: A man inspects the Apple iPhone 6 Plus at an electronics store in Mumbai, India, July 23, 2015Reuters Since March this year, Apple has been re-launching the 2014-series iPhone 6 with bigger base storage in select markets in Asia followed by the US. And now, it has rolled out the three-generation-old iPhone in the United Kingdom The new Apple iPhone 6 (32 GB) storage variant has been made available exclusively on British network provider EE Carrier. Prospective consumers can get the phone for zero down payment, but have to sign in for a subscription plan, which ranges from £35.49 (approx. $45.46/€41/Rs.2,934) to £52.99 (roughly $68/€61/Rs.4,381) per month subscription and with zero down payment. It has to be noted that the device is available in just Space Gray colour option only. Also read: Android co-creator Andy Rubin set to launch game-changing Essential smartphone next week; all you need to know Apart from the bump in storage space, rest of the features of the new iPhone 6 remains same as in the 2014 series model. It features 4.7-inch LED-backlit IPS screen and comes with Apple's 20-nanometer class based second generation 64-bit A8 processor, 8MP iSight camera with 1.5µ pixels, 1.2MP front snapper and a moderate battery, which promises to offer close to 14 hours of talktime. Apple iPhone 6 gets re-launched in UK with bigger storage; all you need to knowEE Carrier e-shop (screen-shot) Watch this space for latest news on Apple. Key specifications of Apple iPhone 6: Model Apple iPhone 6 Display 4.7-inch LED-backlit IPS screen with Retina HD (aka full HD) with 1334 x 750p resolution Pixel density: 326 ppi (pixels per inch) Add-ons: Fingerprint-resistant oleophobic coating on front Dual-domain pixels for wider viewing angles OS iOS 10 series Processor 20-nanometer class based second generation 64-bit A8 chipset which is 25-percent faster (50-percent faster graphics too) than the A7 in iPhone 5S. It is aptly supported by second generation, M8 motion co-processor Storage capacity 16GB/32GB/64GB/128GB Camera Main: 8MP iSight camera with 1.5µ pixels, f/2.2 aperture, True-Tone flash, hybrid IR filter, five-element lens, sapphire crystal lens cover, Front: 1.2MP FaceTime camera with f/2.2 aperture, auto-HDR,720p HD video recording Battery Talk time: up to 14 hours (3G)Standby time: close to 10 days (250 hours) Network 3G & 4G-LTE (with new VoLTE technology for high quality voice-calling) Add-ons Finger-print sensor (much better Tough-ID security feature), Wi-Fi (802.11a/b/g/n/ac), Wi-Fi calling (in select markets), Bluetooth v4.0, NFC, GPS/GLONASS Dimensions 138.1 x 67.0 x 6.9 mm Weight 129 g Colours gold, silver or space gray 32GB: only available in space gray Related Apple gets tax concession for iPhone production in India Gionee A1 full hands-on review Asus Zenfone Live officially launched in India; price, specs Post Comment IBT TV Close Macron-Trump handshake under scrutiny as pair meet for first time Why advertise with us? Latest News Here's how to watch Apple WWDC 2017 live 8 hours ago By Rohit KVN Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 gets Android 7.1.2 Nougat via Lineage OS 14.1 ROM [How to Install] 18 hours ago By Vinod Yalburgi Why advertise with us? most popular Best 4G data tariff plans for June 2017 from major telecom operators Here are the best 4G data plans you can avail in May 2017 from Reliance Jio, Airtel, Vodafone, Idea and BSNL. Moto X Play finally gets Android 7.1.1 Nougat update Motorola has announced the roll out of Android 7.1.1 Nougat update to its Moto X Play but there is no word on Moto G Play. Do you want to earn $200,000? Find bug in Google's Android OS Google has announced a bounty of $200,000 for researchers and engineers who find a bug in Google's Android OS. Apple iPhone 8 is still months away, but Samsung and LG are already scared of it Launches of new Galaxy S8 and LG G6 variants suggest that Apple's Korean rivals are already scared of the upcoming iPhone 8, which is still months away. Foxconn insider leaks design details of Apple iPhone 8, Siri speaker, AR glasses and redesigned iMacs Foxconn insider has shared some interesting tidbits about forthcoming Apple products via dedicated Apple thread on Reddit. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 gets Android 7.1.2 Nougat via Lineage OS 14.1 ROM [How to Install] Guide to install Android 7.1.2 update on Redmi Note 3 via LineageOS 14.1 ROM. Should you buy OnePlus 3T or wait for OnePlus 5 launch? OnePlus is expected to launch its flagship OnePlus 5 in the next few weeks and it is going to take on its predecessor OnePlus 3T. New OnePlus 5 teaser hints at smaller dimensions than 3T OnePlus team has posted a new teaser image depicting the dimensions of OnePlus 5 in comparison with OnePlus 3T. Photo Gallery Champions trophy 2017: India beat Pakistan by 124 runs Champions trophy 2017: India beat Pakistan by 124 runs. Sanjay Dutt supports tree plantation Sanjay Dutt spotted during the event organised to support 1000 tree plantation at BMC garden. India US World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Photos Video About us Advertise with us Brand Terms of service Privacy & Cookie Policy Permission Syndication Careers Site Navigation Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 International Business Times, India Edition All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest RSS
Place an advert Buy a photo Plus Rewards Puzzles Like us Follow us Login Register  ° Site Search Phrase News Sport In Your Area What's On Jobs Property Motors Directory Notices Buy&Sell Dating ALL Beatles insider Tony Bramwell to tell all on the Fab Four at Torquay festival By Guy_Henderson  |  Posted: May 28, 2017   0 COMMENTS   SHARES Comments (0) The South Devon man who was at the Beatles' sides during some of the Fab Four's most turbulent times will tell his tales at a film festival in Torbay next month. Tony Bramwell's stories from inside the inner circle of the band who were the biggest in the world in their heyday will recall the days when they toured Devon and played to hysterical fans in cinemas and dance halls. Music and film producer Tony Bramwell grew up in Liverpool with Beatles George, Paul, and John. His life became intertwined with the legendary band, first working for Brian Epstein at N.E.M.S. and then for The Beatles at Apple, heading Apple Films, then later as the CEO of Apple Records. Tony is pictured (far right) at a function at the Post Office Tower in London with Paul McCartney (second from left) He tells his vivid stories of the Beatles' lives on and off stage in his acclaimed book Magical Mystery Tours - My Life With The Beatles. After the band split, he became the United Kingdom's first independent record promoter, representing artists including Bruce Springsteen. He co-ordinated and promoted music for films including Harry Saltzmann's James Bond features, which included Paul McCartney's Live and Let Die. Other films included Chariots of Fire, Dirty Dancing, and Ghost. Tony will be talking about his life in film and music, including producing music videos for The Beatles, Roxy Music, The Cure and discovering the talent of Eva Cassidy. He will be at the English Riviera Film Festival on June 17 at the English Riviera Centre in Torquay. READ MORE: Vandals tear off each illuminated letter from supermarket sign When they first shot to fame in the UK hit parade, the Beatles toured relentlessly around the country, appearing in cinemas and dance halls the length and breadth of the land. They played at the now-demolished Exeter ABC Cinema in 1963 and came back again the following year. READ MORE: Watch as RNLI lifeboat races from fundraiser to real-life rescue Paul Walters, who worked as a steward when the Fab Four played at the ABC, recalled: "The Beatles were late to the gig because they were watching a Liverpool FC game on telly at the Rougemont Hotel; they were in high spirits following a victory. "As part of the job I ended up getting them supper." When getting fish and chips from a takeaway on Heavitree Road, opposite Pyramids, he told the woman behind the counter but she would not believe who they were for. The audience heard just ten songs. But many are now etched into pop music history. The audience at the venue, which sat roughly where Waterstones is now on Exeter High Street, heard performances of All My Loving, From Me to You, Twist and Shout, She Loves You and I Saw Her Standing There. The show featured the Fab Four topping a line up that included the Brook Brothers, The Kestrels and Peter Jay & The Jaywalkers. In all, the Beatles played six gigs in Devon. They also visited the county as part of the filming of the Magical Mystery Tour, staying in Teignmouth and filming at locations including Burgh Island. These are the gigs they played 1963 March 28 Exeter ABC Cinema August 18 Torquay Princess Theatre November 13 Plymouth ABC Cinema November 14 Exeter ABC Cinema 1964 October 28 Exeter ABC Cinema October 29 Plymouth ABC Cinema RETURN to our Whats On Channel or go to the homepage Report this article Read more from Devon Live Most Recent Most Commented Meet the team turning an Okehampton farm shop into a Harvest... Devon County Show volunteers receive Queen's award Torbay Airshow Day Two in pictures and videos Controversial medium Derek Acorah to perform in Torquay Watch Made in Chelsea's Georgia Toffolo and blogger Jack Monroe... Police shut down Westward Ho! music festival after underage... Do you have something to say? Leave your comment here... max 4000 characters Comments Newest Oldest Best Rated YOUR COMMENTS AWAITING MODERATION Send me jobs by email Hot Jobs LEGAL SECRETARIES Salary : Undisclosed GARDENER & GENERAL MAINTENANCE HAND Salary : Good Rates of Pay Warehouse Assistant Salary : 7.50 per hr Instructor – Land & Environment Salary : £20,000 - £27,000 pa Activities Co-ordinator Salary : £20,661 per annum Student Data Coordinator x 2 Salary : Circa £20,000 pa Activities Organiser Salary : £7.75 per hour Care workers Salary : £7.75 - £8.25 per hour Scaffolders/Trainee Scaffolders/Apprentice Scaffolders Salary : Good Rates of Pay Child Care Assessor/Tutor Salary : Good Rates of Pay Community Engagement and Triage Worker Salary : up to £18,341 HEAD OF YEAR Salary : £18,984 - £21,578 per annum Trainee Accountant Salary : £16,302 to £27,668 per annum QUANTITY SURVEYOR/ESTIMATOR Salary : Competitive PROJECT MANAGER Salary : Good Rates of Pay Collection & Delivery Driver/Car Cleaner Salary : Good Rates of Pay 4Work Co-ordinator Salary : £21,000 - £24,000 2 Key Workers Salary : £21,000 - £24,000 Gamechanger Navigator Salary : £21,000 - £24,000 Change Coach Manager Salary : £24,000 - £28,000 Show your pictures Upload your pictures and share with the community! × Report Abuse Name * Email * What is the primary reason you are reporting this message as abusive? General Abuse Profanity Explicit Content Impersonation Harassment Libel Racial Abuse Religious Abuse Spam Private Information Additional Comments? Cancel Report Abuse Related Links News Business Crime Politics Entertainment Education Health Transport Have Your Say Polls Sport Football Exeter City Exeter Chiefs Rugby Cricket Other Sports Picture Galleries Our Site Video Jobs Dating Letters How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Promotions Buy and Sell Notices Buy a photo Cars Property Classifieds Business Directory Shopping Estate Agents Restaurants Health and Beauty Hotels and Travel Attractions Pubs and Bars Hairdressers Sport and Leisure Services Tradesmen Business Services Motoring Builders and Construction Gardening Education Plumbers Legal Services Taxis & Vehicle HIre Copyright © 2017 Local World. All Rights Reserved. Contact Us Privacy & Cookies Terms & Conditions House Rules
Home India Politics Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports Latest News Football Food Photos World Lifestyle Blogs Live TV TV Shows TV Videos Travel Business Health And Fitness Podcast Immersive Gossip Latest News Compare India Lifestyle World Business Photos Football GIRS French Open Champions Trophy Home India Politics Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports All Sections LIVE TV Home India Politics Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports Latest News Football Food Photos World Lifestyle Blogs Live TV TV Shows TV Videos Travel Business Health And Fitness Podcast Immersive Gossip Latest NewsCompare IndiaLifestyleWorldBusinessPhotosFootballGIRSFrench OpenChampions Trophy Latest News Compare India Lifestyle World Business Photos Football GIRS French Open Champions Trophy Apple Opens its First Southeast Asia Store in Singapore This is What Could End Cracked Smartphone, Tablet Displays Apple Set to Expand Siri, Taking Different Route From Amazon's Alexa Facebook Says Aims to Be 'Hostile Environment' For Terrorists After London Attack News18 » Tech 1-min read Apple Opens its First Southeast Asia Store in Singapore AFP Relaxnews Updated: May 27, 2017, 3:06 PM IST Apple has almost 500 stores globally with more than a million visitors daily. (Image Reuters) Apple opened its first Southeast Asia store in Singapore today, drawing hundreds of excited fans to the swanky two-storey site in the city’s upmarket shopping district. Located on the affluent Orchard Road, the new shop –easily distinguished by its iconic glass facade — is expected to be one of the most popular Apple stores in the world according to the US tech giant. Merchandise such as the iPhone and MacBook were strategically placed on display across the spacious first floor, while the upper level acted as a classroom for customers to participate in hands-on sessions. Hundreds of shoppers camped out in anticipation of the launch, while more than a thousand thronged the store soon after the doors opened, an AFP reporter observed. First in the queue was Xiang Jiaxin, a twenty-five-year-old Chinese national working in Macau who had queued for more than 12 hours overnight and planned a holiday to Singapore specially to coincide with the opening. “I am very happy and excited to be part of this. I have participated in the official store openings in Macau, Guangzhou and Nanjing,” he told AFP. Watch video review of Iphone 7 plus Apple, which has a staggering $256.8 billion cash stockpile, celebrated its 40th anniversary last year. The Silicon Valley legend sprang out of Steve Jobs’ garage to reshape modern life with trend-setting gadgets. Most of its earnings come from the iPhone, which faces increasingly tough competition in a saturated market. The tech behemoth has almost 500 stores globally with more than a million visitors daily. Aside from Singapore, its Asia shops are located in Hong Kong, China and Japan. A regional transport, business and financial hub, Singapore attracted 16.4 million visitors last year. Apple apple store Singapore First Southeast Asia Store First Published: May 27, 2017, 3:06 PM IST Read full article Next Story Live TV Recommended For You Did Ranveer-Deepika Just Virtually Accept Their Relationship? Champions Trophy 2017: All-round India Thrash Pak to Start Title Defence SRK Loses His Cool As Egyptian Comedian Ramez Galal Plays a Prank Ariana Returns to Manchester With a Star-Studded Benefit Concert Ola and Sehwag Join Hands to Tackle Traffic Congestion with #FarakPadtaHai About Us Privacy Policy Disclaimer Contact Us Sitemap Complaint Redressal Advertise With Us sections India Lifestyle States Tech Politics Auto Sports iVideos Football Power Circuit Latest News Botswana, BEL Deny Hackathon on Indian EVMs Real Madrid Fans Demand Fifth Ballon d' Or for Hero Ronaldo This is What Could End Cracked Smartphone, Tablet Displays Apple Set to Expand Siri, Taking Different Route From Amazon's Alexa Ariana Returns to Manchester With a Star-Studded Benefit Concert Watch LIVE From Network18 News18 India CricketNext News18 States Pradesh18 Bangla News Gujarati News Urdu News Marathi News Topper Moneycontrol Firstpost CompareIndia History India MTV India In.com Burrp E-Learning Franchise Opportunity CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2016 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP, displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of NEWS18.com does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them. © Copyright Network18 Media and Investments Ltd 2016. All rights reserved. © Copyright Network18 Media and Investments Ltd 2016. All rights reserved.
Monday, June 5, 2017 Oman Observer Home Top stories Local World Region Asia India Europe America Business Oman Motor Technology Market Sports Oman Sport Football Cricket Golf Tennis Ramadhan Books Entertainment Lifestyle People Spotlight Arts Travel Magazines Weekend National Day 45 Mazoon Duqm The Vision Oman Logistics Aqar Oman Opal Magazine More Head stories Main Analysis My Voice Blogs Weekend Health Environment Technology Culture Saturday Editor's choice Gourmet Cartoon Ask your doctor WILDLIFE Auto Videos Archive 2016 2015 E PAPER Business  Apple opens first official store in SE Asia 27/05/2017 Oman Observer SINGAPORE: Apple opened its first Southeast Asia store in Singapore on Saturday, drawing hundreds of excited fans to the swanky two-storey site in the city’s upmarket shopping district. Located on the affluent Orchard Road, the new shop — easily distinguished by its iconic glass facade — is expected to be one of the most popular Apple stores in the world according to the US tech giant. Merchandise such as the iPhone and MacBook were strategically placed on display across the spacious first floor, while the upper level acted as a classroom for customers to participate in hands-on sessions. Hundreds of shoppers camped out in anticipation of the launch, while more than a thousand thronged the store soon after the doors opened, a reporter observed. First in the queue was Xiang Jiaxin, a twenty-five-year-old Chinese national working in Macau who had queued for more than 12 hours overnight and planned a holiday to Singapore specially to coincide with the opening. “I am very happy and excited to be part of this. I have participated in the official store openings in Macau, Guangzhou and Nanjing,” he said. Apple, which has a staggering $256.8 billion cash stockpile, celebrated its 40th anniversary last year. The Silicon Valley legend sprang out of Steve Jobs’ garage to reshape modern life with trend-setting gadgets. Most of its earnings come from the iPhone, which faces increasingly tough competition in a saturated market. The tech behemoth has almost 500 stores globally with more than a million visitors daily. — AFP ← Previous Crisis hit-JBS may reduce Brazil meat supplies China’s COFCO overhauls Brazil business after accounting crisis Next → You May Also Like Oil steady on US data 05/01/2017 Oman Observer Comments Off on Oil steady on US data Switzerland to exchange banking information with 21 more countries 02/12/2016 Oman Observer Comments Off on Switzerland to exchange banking information with 21 more countries China targets debt risks, but does it mean business? 01/05/2017 Oman Observer Comments Off on China targets debt risks, but does it mean business? Latest News 80 expat doctors to be replaced by Omanis 04/06/2017 Kabeer Yousuf Comments Off on 80 expat doctors to be replaced by Omanis Sultanate’s roads best among 5 in the world 04/06/2017 Oman Observer Comments Off on Sultanate’s roads best among 5 in the world Salalah gears up for khareef 04/06/2017 Kaushalendra Singh Comments Off on Salalah gears up for khareef London attackers kill seven, May says ‘enough is enough’ 04/06/2017 Oman Observer Comments Off on London attackers kill seven, May says ‘enough is enough’ Facebook Twitter Instagram Load More... Follow on Instagram Editor’s Choice Editor's choice Local  Young Omani secures research posting at top UK university 18/05/2017 Oman Observer Comments Off on Young Omani secures research posting at top UK university Editor's choice  Scientists link higher dementia risk to living near heavy traffic 05/01/2017 Oman Observer Comments Off on Scientists link higher dementia risk to living near heavy traffic CARTOONView All Cartoon  Cartoon  Cartoon  Cartoon  Cartoon  BooksView All Books Ramadhan Weekend  Why Steve Jobs didn’t let his kids use iPads 26/05/2017 Oman Observer Comments Off on Why Steve Jobs didn’t let his kids use iPads Books Entertainment Weekend  Of the chilling cases from Baker Street 28/04/2017 Oman Observer Comments Off on Of the chilling cases from Baker Street Books Local Main  Fair fares better than last year 03/03/2017 Vinod Nair Comments Off on Fair fares better than last year Books Local  Book fair not just about books but for knowledge 23/02/2017 Lakshmi Kothaneth Comments Off on Book fair not just about books but for knowledge Sections: Local World Sports Business Ramadhan Head stories 2017 © All right reserved for Oman Establishment for Press, Publication and Advertising (OEPPA) Multimedia Youtube Facebook Twitter Instagram Whatsapp Services Subscribe Advertisements Contact Us PO Box: 947 Code: 100 Muscat +968 24 64 94 80 editor@omanobserver.om
Top Menu About us Advertise Subscribe Family Contact us Navigation Home Primary Menu Home Local News Entertainment Sport Opinion Editorial Standard Style MyClassifieds Return to Content You are here: Home › Business › Uproar over chrome prices Uproar over chrome prices May 28, 2017 in Business Small-scale chrome miners are complaining about the pricing structure adopted by the Mineral Marketing Corporation of Zimbabwe (MMCZ) and Apple Bridge Investments, which they say is chasing away buyers and literally sabotaging exports. BY MTHANDAZO NYONI Walter Chidhakwa The government has, through Apple Bridge Investment – a special purpose vehicle established to facilitate chrome ore exports – set prices at which it buys the mineral from local producers. Locally, chrome prices vary from $40 to $80 per tonne for lumpy chrome, depending on the grade, while chrome concentrates attract $84 a tonne. On the export market, Zimbabwe’s chrome attracts between $80 and $100 per tonne for concentrates. According to a position paper prepared by the Confederation of Zimbabwe Small Scale Chrome Miners (CZSSCM) member, Lindiwe Mpofu, the pricing structure should be aligned with global chrome ore market prices. “The pricing structure is harmful and halting export sales. We are requesting under the mandate that CZSSCM has to harmonise with MMCZ/Apple Bridge that an immediate review be conducted and moving forward, the uniform price must be aligned with global chrome ore market prices,” reads part of the paper. The paper indicates that over the past year and a half, the MMCZ/Apple Bridge arrangement has deterred international buyers due to the pricing being largely out of sync with the market. “Evidence is shown by the shockingly low number of export buyers in Zimbabwe. “This has ultimately led to the under capitalisation of small-scale miners as we are unable to execute consistent sales as the market avoids doing business in Zimbabwe due to extremely high pricing,” it reads in part. “A clear example is the current situation where global chrome prices have greatly fallen since December 2016. Despite the price drop, MMCZ/Apple Bridge continues to hold a uniform price that is far higher than the market price. “Currently, MMCZ has decided to hold prices at levels that far exceed the market prices. This has caused a halt to international trade with Zimbabwe”. For example, Mpofu said 44% chrome was priced at $175 per tonne at the mine while current trade prices of the same grade delivered to China averaged $200 per tonne. This means that a buyer is expected to deliver the chrome to a smelter in China for $25 per tonne. “The expectation by MMCZ/Apple Bridge is that all costs, including margin, are to be placed in the $25 dollar allowance,” she said. “This is not possible. $25 cannot even cover the cost of transport out of Zimbabwe, which averages $60 to $70 per tonne. “One of the causes of the high prices by MMCZ/Apple Bridge is that they have relied on chrome trading spot prices as a guide for Zimbabwe chrome prices.” Mpofu said the spot prices used related to chrome being delivered to China CIF with all costs including distributor margins required to get the chrome to the Chinese port. Mpofu said MMCZ/Apple Bridge pricing does not take into consideration the distribution costs, including margins required to deliver the chrome to Chinese ports. “Based on this pricing structure, it appears that there is an expectation by MMCZ/Apple Bridge to have only end users such as international smelters and manufacturers buy directly from Zimbabwe as they have excluded the distributor’s costs [buying houses and traders] from their price planning,” she said. The chrome client base is buying houses and minerals traders. End users such as smelters and manufacturers buy from buying houses and traders because they are the ones equipped to manage supply, reserves and quality, she said. “The market relies on traders and buying houses to efficiently distribute the supply of chrome globally. “Pricing chrome as though these important distributors of chrome do not exist has halted chrome sales in Zimbabwe. The pricing structure currently does not take into consideration the buyer’s costs or the types of buyers in the global marketplace,” Mpofu wrote. To further stress the importance of buying houses and traders, she said these distributors typically buy from multiple sources ensuring supplies in excess of the 100 000 tonne range. “These are the quantities necessary to ensure international smelters do not shut down and that there is no interruption in the supply of chrome during the manufacturing processes,” she added. “Pricing as though MMCZ/Apple Bridge expects a manufacturer to buy directly from MMCZ/Apple Bridge is not an accurate expectation. Only a distributor can manage the quantities manufacturers and smelters require at the time they require it.” Mpofu said when approached by members of CZSSCM to notify them of the pricing issue, MMCZ/Apple Bridge said they should wait the market out and not to make further pricing corrections. “This means that they are willing to halt chrome sales in Zimbabwe. In other words, they would rather earn zero tax revenue for Zimbabwe and zero sales for the small-scale miner for the next six months to a year, while hoping the prices will rise to 2016 December prices caused by chrome inventory shortages,” she said. “Halting trade by refusing to acknowledge market forces has affected the Zimbabwean small-scale miner,” she said. However, MMCZ deputy manager marketing, Masimba Chandavengerwa said they were not chasing away buyers but the challenge was the volatility of chrome ore prices. “The prices have been falling due to low uptake of chrome in China. It’s not that customers have run away and we are not chasing them away,” Chandavengerwa said, adding that even after they had told customers that they would quote prices on spot basis, they did not take a position. Chandavengerwa said prices have fallen from $160 to between $80 and $100 “and even with those prices, no customer is prepared to take a position”. “We are trying to push but customers are not there. If there is a producer who has got a customer, let him/her come forward with it and we finalise. We are there as their ambassadors. The problem is that we have middlemen who don’t care about production costs and therefore, these are the same people who are making a lot of noise,” he said. Chandavengerwa said for chrome to reach its final export destination, it takes longer and as such, due to volatility of its prices, buyers were afraid to make losses. As a solution, chrome miners recommended that MMCZ and Apple Bridge acknowledge the change in market direction and align prices to the market. During this period, the trade prices delivered to China average $225, therefore, ex-mine prices should be calculated within the range of $65-$85 for market buyers to cover the distribution and margin costs in this downward market and as prices improve, we will revert upward on price along with the market, she said. This action will serve to attract the 300-400 buyers required to re-establish the Zimbabwe chrome market. “To mitigate the current situation, we request that immediate action be taken to save our sector in the current downturn. An emergency meeting must be called to rectify the current pricing structure,” she said. “Buyers and investors are pulling out with immediate effect due to the fact that our pricing excludes the cost of distributing and moving the chrome to the final destination”. She said miners require daily gazetted pricing for chrome products aligned with the world market pricing as this was the standard practice for globally traded commodities. Mpofu said publicly published prices would also enable miners to plan their business according to the market price available. Miners minister Walter Chidakwa recently told the Chamber of Mines annual general meeting and conference that Zimbabwe will rake in $3 billion in minerals exports this year mainly due to the rebound in chrome prices on the international market. Zimbabwe and South Africa hold 70% of the world’s chrome reserves. Mandiwanzira rallies behind Zimdancehall Bona critics can go to hell, says minister No comments yet. Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Comment Name (required) Email (will not be published) (required) Website Current ye@r * Leave this field empty Latest Popular Comments Tags Amm hopes for Junior Golf World Cup success June 5, 2017 Johnson marvels at HIS products’ success June 5, 2017 Galatasaray renew Nakamba interest June 5, 2017 Real supporters should pay to watch football June 5, 2017 Zvishavane derby explodes June 5, 2017 Makandiwa breathes fire November 1, 2015 Makandiwa blasts false prophets October 11, 2015 Extra-marital affair saga: Magaya fights back May 29, 2016 Mugabe outwits PM Tsvangirai again January 20, 2013 Sadc leaders humiliate Mugabe June 16, 2013 Observer Prophet is wearing a Castle larger tshirt. Amazing Sagitarr That's all the "youths" could get - Musona Nonsense Robert Mugabe. What of the 200 000 Nde*el Grace jones Sekeramayi giving a vote of thanks is neither her wishes im proud of HmJah Asiagate Black Rhinos bulawayo caps united Castle Lager Premier Soccer League Chicken Inn china cricket cuthbert dube Didymus Mutasa Dynamos economy elections FC Platinum Grace Mugabe harare Health and fitness Highlanders How Mine Ian Gorowa Joice Mujuru Masvingo mdc MDC-T morgan Tsvangirai mugabe music mutare RBZ Robert Mugabe rugby slider Soccer south africa tendai biti Tennis tourism unwto Warriors water Zanu PF Zifa zimbabwe Zimbabwe Soccer ZPC Kariba Subscribe to The Standard now Subscribe Legal: Copyright Disclaimer Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Our Partners: Zimbabwe Independent NewsDay Southern Eye Mail & Guardian MyClassifieds Categories: Local Opinion Editorial International Letters Cartoons QueenMakers The Standard: About us Contact us Subscribe Advertise © 2017 The Zimind. All Rights reserved.
Home Latest News Nation World Business Cities Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Opinion Education Photos Videos Explained Good News Trending Astrology Photo News Today’s Paper See More See Less Search for:   Nation World Cities Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos Blogs ePaper Latest News India dodge rain, crush Pakistan in insipid opener Indian Army to open doors to women in combat roles: General Bipin Rawat Rajiv Gandhi’s statue damaged, Congress declares protest School principal held in Bihar topper case Day two of NIA raids: Hurriyat leader, businessmen’s homes searched London Bridge terror attack live updates: Vehicle rampage in one area, stabbing in Borough market, 7 feared dead Germany will allow protests at G20: Answer is in conversation Mamata Banerjee pens song for West Bengal, designs ‘unique’ state emblem A little fact-check of Honourable Judge’s cow order in Rajasthan My target is to create 5 crore jobs in the future, and add 3 per cent to the nation’s GDP: Nitin Gadkari Home Technology Tech News Apple developing ‘Neural Engine’ chipset for future iPhones and iPads: Report Apple developing ‘Neural Engine’ chipset for future iPhones and iPads: Report The chipset, internally known as Apple Neural Engine, will be used to handle AI-related tasks like speech and facial recognition. By: Tech Desk | New Delhi | Updated: May 28, 2017 6:37 pm Artificial intelligence and machine learning are increasing becoming important, with players like Google, Amazon and Microsoft pumping millions of dollars. Related News Apple WWDC 2017: Look for signs when Tim Cook takes the stage Apple WWDC 2017: iOS 11 to Siri speaker, everything to be announced Apple WWDC 2017: Refreshed MacBooks, Siri-powered speaker, and more announcements expected Apple might be developing a new custom chipset for artificial intelligence (AI) processing, reports Bloomberg’s Mark Gurman. The chipset, internally known as Apple Neural Engine, will be used to handle AI-related tasks like speech and facial recognition. The chipset could be incorporated into Apple’s upcoming devices such as iPhone and iPad. Gurman writes Apple’s current devices are equipped to handle artifical intelligence processes with two different chipset: the main processor or microprocessor, and the graphics chipset, or “GPU”. The custom chipset would allow Apple to offload some processing done by the main chipset and by the GPU, allowing the company to improve battery performance on its devices. The report goes on to say that Apple plans to integrate the chip into other devices, and has even tested prototypes of iPhones with the built-in chip. That said, it makes sense for Apple as its competitors in the tech industry are increasing betting on artificial intelligence (AI) for future growth. Google, for instance, has developed its own chipset for machine learning, called “TPUs”, the second-generation version of which was announced at this year’s I/O. Similarly, Qualcomm’s latest flagship processor, Snapdragon 835, has a dedicated module for an artificial intelligence (AI). According to Apple analyst Gene Munster,”Two of the areas that Apple is betting its future on require AI. At the core of augmented reality and self-driving cars is artificial intelligence.” Over the past few years, Apple has acquired a number of companies having expertise in artificial intelligence and machine learning. In 2016, Apple hired Russ Salakhutdinov from Carnegie Mellon University as its director of AI research. Most recently, Apple released its first AI research paper, which focused on machine vision technologies. Artificial intelligence and machine learning are increasing becoming important, with players like Google, Amazon and Microsoft pumping millions of dollars. It is possible that Apple could share more information about the chipset at WWDC , the annual developer conference to take place June5-9 in San Jose, California. Apple will unveil iOS 11, the latest mobile operating system, along with a new version of macOS, its computer operating system More Related News Apple set to expand Siri, taking different route from Amazon’s Alexa Apple expands Swift Playgrounds, its educational coding app to robots, drones For all the latest Technology News, download Indian Express App © IE Online Media Services Pvt Ltd Tags: Apple No Comments. Most Read India vs Pakistan ICC Champions Trophy 2017: When and where to watch the cricket match, live TV coverage, time in IST India vs Pakistan, ICC Champions Trophy 2017: India beat Pakistan by 124 runs (D/L), Match highlights Kareena Kapoor Khan's son Taimur Ali Khan is gifted with his mom's facial expressions. See these photos to believe Shah Rukh Khan's anger knew no bounds after Ramez Galal's Ramadan TV prank. Watch video MH CET results 2017 declared at dtemaharashtra.gov.in, check now Best of Express Bahrain, Saudi Arabia cut ties with Qatar over internal affairs, terrorism J-K: Four militants killed in an attack on CRPF camp in Bandipora At least 17 dead after bus collides with truck in Bareilly OpinionIt is delusional to celebrate the Aadhaar tidal wave, and criminal to turn a blind eye OpinionThe class of 2017: They must work to stanch the anger that has thrown up leaders like Trump Buzzing Now EntertainmentKareena's son Taimur Ali Khan is gifted with his mom's facial expressions. See these photos to believe EntertainmentShah Rukh Khan's anger knew no bounds after Ramez Galal's Ramadan TV prank. Watch video EntertainmentRanveer Singh is 'missing' Deepika Padukone. Is this finally an acknowledgement of their relationship? See photo TrendingIndia vs Pakistan: Twitterati in splits over Imad Wasim's new hairstyle TrendingIndia vs Pakistan: This camel predicts Pak will defeat India in ICC Champions Trophy match Top News Violence against BJP will make more lotuses bloom in Kerala: Amit Shah TechnologyApple WWDC 2017: Look for signs when Tim Cook takes the stage London terror attack: ISIS claims responsibility, 12 arrested Chhattisgarh tweaks 38-year rule for tribal sterilisation, but govt nod still required SportsIndia vs Pakistan: Mother of all mismatches SportsWATCH: Wild celebrations after India register big win  20 quotes from Arundhati Roy's The God of Small Things that will make you crave for her next book  GQ Best Dressed 2017 red carpet: Shraddha Kapoor, Sayani Gupta, Arjun Kapoor up the style quotient TechnologyApple WWDC 2017: Look for signs when Tim Cook takes the stage TechnologyApple WWDC 2017: Everything to be announced Jun 05: Latest News Maharashtra: Earthquake hits Koyna region Will Tubelight cross Baahuabli 2’s collection? Here’s what Salman Khan thinks KVM Ludhiana sexual assault case: School under scanner for concealing offence, says ACP; no arrest yet Three villages in Mulshi get first water pipeline Bahrain, Saudi cut ties with Qatar in a move to protect themselves from ‘terrorism’                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Club MacStoriesWeekly Extras MENU ABOUT PODCAST NEWSLETTER ADVERTISE SECTIONS APP REVIEWS IPAD DIARIES STORIES APPLE HISTORY IOS AUTOMATION GAMES Readdle Brings Split View Drag & Drop to Their iPad Apps iOS 11: iPad Wishes and Concept Video Things 3: Beauty and Delight in a Task Manager This week's sponsor Trails Your GPS Tracker and Logbook for iPhone & Apple Watch A Year of Google Maps & Apple Maps→ Linked By Federico Viticci Justin O'Beirne is back with another in-depth analysis of Google Maps and Apple Maps, with a focus on how Google has taken a different approach over the past year: Shortly after I published my Cartography Comparison last June, I noticed Google updating some of the areas we had focused on: Coincidence or not, it was interesting. And it made me wonder what else would change, if we kept watching. Would Google keep adding detail? And would Apple, like Google, also start making changes? So I wrote a script that takes monthly screenshots of Google and Apple Maps.1 And thirteen months later, we now have a year’s worth of images. The screenshot comparisons in his post perfectly demonstrate Google's iteration and Apple's relative stagnation. Speaking from personal experience, Google Maps has considerably improved in my area in the past year, while Apple Maps has remained essentially the same. Which isn't to say that Apple Maps is bad – Google simply has an edge over local business information and they're evolving at a faster pace than Apple. To me, Apple Maps looks and feels nicer; Google Maps seems smarter and it has modern features I'd like Apple to add. I wonder what Apple has in store for WWDC and if they should consider separating Maps from their monolithic software release cycle in the summer. (See also: O'Beirne in May and June 2016.) Source: justinobeirne.com Tags: Apple Maps, google maps, maps ABOUT PODCAST NEWSLETTER ADVERTISE Code by Alessandro Vendruscolo | Design by Silvia Gatta | Hosted by MacStadium | Acknowledgements Copyright 2017 MacStories. All rights reserved. v4.3.7
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Research Reports Credit Suisse Raises Its Target Price on Intuit The little tax-prep company is now a giant among small businesses and the self-employed, with QuickBooks alone a big business By Paul Farrell Biography Updated May 27, 2017 12:19 a.m. ET These reports, excerpted and edited by Barron’s, were issued recently by investment and research firms. The reports are a sampling of analysts’ thinking; they should not be considered the views or recommendations of Barron’s. Many of the reports may be obtained through Thomson Reuters at thomson.com/financial. Some of the reports’ issuers have provided, or hope to provide, investment-banking or other services to the companies being analyzed. American International Group • AIG-NYSE Buy • Price $62.17 on May 23 by... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. The Surprising Threat to the American Economy Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. 6 Dividend Stocks That Hedge Against Inflation Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. The Winners: Alphabet, Apple, and Amazon.com Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. AI Opens New Doors for Chip Makers, Investors Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 ​Where Do Americans Spend Their Tax Refunds?​ 2 Barron's Buzz: The 'Wonder Woman' Trade 3 Should You Buy Bitcoin? Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Monday 5 June 2017 , Monday 5 June 2017 , Today's Paper Politics Bangladesh World News Business Sports Entertainment Art & Culture Science & Tech Travel & Tourism Metro Opinion Environment Health & Life Style Health Cuisine Beauty Fashion Latest News Police HQ wants MRP numbers on Interpol website CAAB in a limbo 12 held after London terror attack kills 7 Country exists for Sundarbans: PM Dredging of rivers yet to start Science & Tech 28 May, 2017 09:55:07 AM / LAST MODIFIED: 28 May, 2017 06:31:05 PM Apple opens first official store in SE Asia Independent Online / AFP People look at products on display inside the Apple store in the Orchard shopping district on its opening day in Singapore on saturday. Hundreds of people waited outside Apple's first store in Southeast Asia in Singapore.  Apple opened its first Southeast Asia store in Singapore yesterday, drawing hundreds of excited fans to the swanky two-storey site in the city’s upmarket shopping district. Located on the affluent Orchard Road, the new shop—easily distinguished by its iconic glass facade—is expected to be one of the most popular Apple stores in the world according to the US tech giant. Merchandise such as the iPhone and MacBook were strategically placed on display across the spacious first floor, while the upper level acted as a classroom for customers to participate in hands-on sessions. Hundreds of shoppers camped out in anticipation of the launch, while more than a thousand thronged the store soon after the doors opened, an AFP reporter observed. First in the queue was Xiang Jiaxin, a twenty-five-year-old Chinese national working in Macau who had queued for more than 12 hours overnight and planned a holiday to Singapore specially to coincide with the opening. “I am very happy and excited to be part of this. I have participated in the official store openings in Macau, Guangzhou and Nanjing,” he told AFP. Apple, which has a staggering $256.8 billion cash stockpile, celebrated its 40th anniversary last year. The Silicon Valley legend sprang out of Steve Jobs’ garage to reshape modern life with trend-setting gadgets. Most of its earnings come from the iPhone, which faces increasingly tough competition in a saturated market. The tech behemoth has almost 500 stores globally with more than a million visitors daily. Aside from Singapore, its Asia shops are located in Hong Kong, China and Japan. A regional transport, business and financial hub, Singapore attracted 16.4 million visitors last year.   Apple opens first official store in SE Asia Independent Online / AFP Apple opened its first Southeast Asia store in Singapore yesterday, drawing hundreds of excited fans to the swanky two-storey site in the citys upmarket shopping district. Located on the affluent Orchard Road, the new shopeasily distinguished by its iconic glass facadeis expected to be one of the most popular Apple stores in the world according to the US tech giant. Merchandise such as the iPhone and MacBook were strategically placed on display across the spacious first floor, while the upper level acted as a classroom for customers to participate in hands-on sessions. Hundreds of shoppers camped out in anticipation of the launch, while more than a thousand thronged the store soon after the doors opened, an AFP reporter observed. First in the queue was Xiang Jiaxin, a twenty-five-year-old Chinese national working in Macau who had queued for more than 12 hours overnight and planned a holiday to Singapore specially to coincide with the opening. I am very happy and excited to be part of this. I have participated in the official store openings in Macau, Guangzhou and Nanjing, he told AFP. Apple, which has a staggering $256.8 billion cash stockpile, celebrated its 40th anniversary last year. The Silicon Valley legend sprang out of Steve Jobs garage to reshape modern life with trend-setting gadgets. Most of its earnings come from the iPhone, which faces increasingly tough competition in a saturated market. The tech behemoth has almost 500 stores globally with more than a million visitors daily. Aside from Singapore, its Asia shops are located in Hong Kong, China and Japan. A regional transport, business and financial hub, Singapore attracted 16.4 million visitors last year. Comments Most popular   On Science & Tech ICT Division wins Global mobileGov Award India launches South Asia Satellite Humans must flee Earth within century: Stephen Hawking Millions of Android phones could be tracked with ultrasonic spying tool Government backs driverless car trials in London Poll Today's Question » RMG sector apex trade body BGMEA has demanded full withdrawal of tax at source for the sector for two years. Do you support this?  Yes  No  No Comment All Result Yes 22.2% No 77.8% No Comment 0.0% Most Viewed Retail power price may rise by 10pc Dhaka to place draft plan at int’l labour confce Life of 15 JU students snuffed out in eight years Tk 11,500cr project undertaken Houses of ethnic people torched in Rangamati Video Session fee at English medium schools (03-06-2017) Iftar for poor people (03-06-2017) Cyclone Mora hits coastal areas (30-05-2017) Muhith on budget (30-05-2017) Earning from outsourcing (27-05-2017) More Science & Tech Stories BRAC Onnesha launches into space BRAC Onnesha, the nation's first nano-satellite, was launched by SpaceX, FALCON 9 Rocket by its CRS-11 mission to ISS (International Space Station) early Sunday. The launch took place from Kennedy Space Center, Florida around… This Mary Meeker chart illustrates Apple's '$1,000 iPhone' problem perfectly SpaceX blasts off cargo using recycled spaceship ViaSat-2 goes into orbit Microsoft co-founder unveils world's biggest plane Uber fires self-driving car exec amid legal battle with Google Bangabandhu-1 satellite to be launched in Dec: Tarana Politics Bangladesh World News Business Sports Entertainment Art & Culture Science & Tech Travel & Tourism Metro Opinion Environment Health & Life Style Health Cuisine Beauty Fashion Copyright © All right reserved. Editor : M. Shamsur Rahman Published by the Editor on behalf of Independent Publications Limited at Media Printers, 446/H, Tejgaon I/A, Dhaka-1215. Editorial, News & Commercial Offices : Beximco Media Complex, 149-150 Tejgaon I/A, Dhaka-1208, Bangladesh. GPO Box No. 934, Dhaka-1000. Editor : M. Shamsur Rahman Published by the Editor on behalf of Independent Publications Limited at Media Printers, 446/H, Tejgaon I/A, Dhaka-1215. Editorial, News & Commercial Offices : Beximco Media Complex, 149-150 Tejgaon I/A, Dhaka-1208, Bangladesh. GPO Box No. 934, Dhaka-1000. Disclaimer & Privacy Policy .................................................... About Us .................................................... Contact Us .................................................... Advertisement .................................................... Subscription Powered by : Frog Hosting The Independent, Bangladesh
Home NEWS Aerospace & Defense Autos Energy Financial Services Food & Services Healthcare & Pharmaceutical Logistics & Supply Chain Technology Professional Services Media & Entertainment Manufacturing & Retail C-Suite Innovation Leadership Redefined People Philanthropy Power Players Success Story Sustainability Daily Zen Communication Decision Making Productivity Strategic Thinking Work-Life Balance Opinion Emerging Markets Market Analysis New Ventures Magazine Past Issues Subscription Events ABOUT US ADVERTISING CONTACT US Home NEWS Carrie Ann , June 3, 2017 Waymo’s Self-Driving Truck Already in the Testing Stage Carrie Ann , June 2, 2017 Ohio Opioid Lawsuit Accuses Pharma Companies for Drug Overdose Deaths Aerospace & Defense Autos Energy Financial Services Food & Services Healthcare & Pharmaceutical Logistics & Supply Chain Technology Professional Services Media & Entertainment Manufacturing & Retail C-Suite Christy Gren , May 31, 2017 Former Microsoft CEO, Steve Ballmer Talks About Investment in Twitter Christy Gren , May 26, 2017 Samsung Will Set up a 500 Billion Fund to Support Small Businesses Innovation Leadership Redefined People Philanthropy Power Players Success Story Sustainability Daily Zen Christy Gren , June 2, 2017 Workers to Deliver Orders on The Way Home – A New Strategy for Walmart E-commerce Carrie Ann , April 6, 2017 Humor at Work: The road less traveled by which leads to Success Communication Decision Making Productivity Strategic Thinking Work-Life Balance Opinion Christy Gren , May 29, 2017 India is the Fastest Growing Economy in the World As Per Q1 Poll Results Christy Gren , May 8, 2017 Liquid Rich and Monetarily Poor Venezuela Emerging Markets Market Analysis New Ventures Magazine Past Issues Subscription Events Waymo’s Self-Driving Truck Already in the Testing Stage Ohio Opioid Lawsuit Accuses Pharma Companies for Drug Overdose Deaths Hyundai Electric Bus that Recharges Within an Hour to be Out by 2018 Workers to Deliver Orders on The Way Home – A New Strategy for Walmart E-commerce Audible Sets up $5 Million Fund to Encourage Emerging Playwrights Subaru XV to Shield you from Dangerous Impact Home Featured Is AI on iPhones Apple’s Next Big Goal? Is AI on iPhones Apple’s Next Big Goal? Is AI on iPhones Apple’s Next Big Goal? Featured NEWS Technology SHARE Christy Gren , May 27, 2017 / 302 0 Apple always thrives to achieve something new with its iPhones during every new release. From excellent quality cameras, to wireless earplugs, Apple Inc. has experimented with everything. So, what now? Well, the latest boiling topics in the Silicon Valley are certainly autonomous vehicles, Augmented Reality (AR), Virtual Reality (VR), and Artificial Intelligence (AI). Being the company famous for constantly developing something new and keeping up with the latest advancements; Apple Inc. now plans to bring AI on iPhones with the help of a new chip called- Apple Neural Engine. The tech giant is reportedly developing a new processor that will be dedicatedly used for handling the AI-based tasks. Tasks like speech and face recognition in products like iPhones will be possible with the Apple Neural Engine. Even more, this new Apple chip could also help Apple to power the software used for self-driving technology in cars and AR. Bloomberg reported the news of AI on iPhones with the help of Apple Neural Engine chips, saying that it could even help improve the battery of iPhones. AI on iPhones after Siri Notably, Apple Inc. is one of the early tech companies, who kicked off the use of AI technology and software with Siri in 2011. Siri is a tool helping the user to operate his smartphone by voice commands. But now, Apple plans to bring AI to its chips that will be dedicated specifically for the AI-based tasks, according to a familiar source, reports Bloomberg. While Apple declined a comment on this, the source revealed some details after requesting anonymity to Bloomberg. This chip is internally known as the Apple Neural Engine which is obviously not made public yet. It will improve the way in which Apple’s devices handle tasks requiring human intelligence; tasks like speech and face recognition. A Race towards Leading the AI Technology Apple may have been the first to introduce the use of AI technology with its Siri. But now, it seems like the tech giant is way far behind many other companies who are already leading in the field of AI technology. Alphabet Inc. is using AI in its Google Home Assistant; while Amazon is seeing heaps of success and accolades with its Amazon Echo, Amazon Dot, and Amazon Alexa devices. So, to integrate latest technologies in its devices and stay up-to-date with the pace of technological advancements of the market; the Cupertino company definitely has to come up with AI-packed powerful chips. Gene Munster says that Apple is betting its future on two crucial areas that require AI. Adding to this, he mentions that Artificial Intelligence (AI) is at the core of self-driving cars and Augmented reality (AR). Munster is a former Apple analyst, and also the co-founder of the Venture Capital (VC) firm Loup Ventures. Significantly, AI is the future; competitors already ruling the market with AI-based devices; Apple Inc. should certainly buck up in its game of developing the AI technology; be it for self-driving cars or for using AI on iPhones. Author Christy Gren Christy Gren is an Industry Specialist Reporter at Industry Leaders Magazine; she enjoys writing about Unicorns, Silicon Valley, Startups, and Business leaders and innovators. Her articles provide an insight about the Power Players in the field of Technology, Auto, Manufacturing, and F&B. Follow Christy Gren on Twitter, Facebook & Google. Tags: ai on iphones, apple neural engine, Artificial Intelligence, iPhones Next Article Credit Card Hack Malware of Chipotle Identified Previous Article General Motors Lawsuit Filed for Rigging Diesel Emissions Similar Articles Christy Gren, April 5, 2016 Microsoft is Testing Outlook Premium Email Service at $3.99 a Month Carrie Ann, April 17, 2017 Want a Burger with Extra Cheese? Tell Flippy the Burger Robot Anna Domanska, July 14, 2016 Larger Than Life: The Most Expensive Photograph Related Posts Christmas Couriers Having their Biggest Holiday Season Joel Ewanick, Marketing chief at General Motors resigns Nature as a Mentor: Enterprising Sustainable Innovation Hotel industry hits all-time high in the US Economy Leave A Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. CAPTCHA Code* 2017 CURRENT ISSUE Highlights Big Ticket Luxury Comes at a Price ‘Most Expensive Yachts’ Crowdfunded, Inc Tesla Heading To Make U.S. Car Industry No. 1 Again Imminent Trends Solar Industry to Enter a New Phase By 2020 Table of contents » Subscribe Now Already A Subscriber? Log In Past Issues (click cover to view the magazine) VIEW ALL PAST ISSUES » Get Connected 5,253 Followers 16,227 Followers 1,243 Followers RSS Feeds Most Popular Article Chan Zuckerberg Initiative raises $3 Billion for a disease-free future What will the looming U.S Government shut-down mean in real-terms? The Economics of Sony PlayStation Network & Qriocity Identity-Hacks Timothy Geithner: Raise U.S Debt Ceiling or Risk Default The Stop Online Piracy Act: What Industry Leaders Can Do About It Sign up for Daily post updates About Industry Leaders Magazine Widely seen as a CEO's Magazine, Industry Leaders is widely read by corporate executives and professionals from a wide spectrum of industries and business functions. The brand has a huge and loyal patronage amongst readers for its sharp... Read More Get Connected 5,253 Followers 16,227 Followers 1,243 Followers RSS Feeds Recent Posts Waymo’s Self-Driving Truck Already in the Testing Stage Carrie Ann , June 3, 2017 Ohio Opioid Lawsuit Accuses Pharma Companies for Drug Overdose Deaths Carrie Ann , June 2, 2017 Hyundai Electric Bus that Recharges Within an Hour to be Out by 2018 Carrie Ann , June 2, 2017 Workers to Deliver Orders on The Way Home – A New Strategy for Walmart E-commerce Christy Gren , June 2, 2017 Other Navigation ABOUT US EVENTS ADVERTISING CONTACT US PRIVACY POLICY TERMS & CONDITIONS SITEMAP CAREERS Leadership Story Of The Month leadership-story-of-the-month The Great Traits of Feminine Leadership! © Copyright 2016. All Rights Reserved. Industry Leaders Current Issue Highlights Big Ticket Luxury Comes at a Price ‘Most Expensive Yachts’ Crowdfunded, Inc Tesla Heading To Make U.S. Car Industry No. 1 Again Imminent Trends Solar Industry to Enter a New Phase By 2020 Table of contents » Subscribe Now × Register today to get full access to: All articles | Magazine archives | Livestream events | Comments PASSWORD RESET EMAIL Back to Login? Register today to get full access to: All articles | Magazine archives | Livestream events | Comments LOGIN EMAIL PASSWORD CAPTCHA Code Forgot Password?
Share 0 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-06-04 Wiz Khalifa’s Ex Amber Rose Dodges Million Dollar Lawsuit Entertainment 2017-06-02 Kandi Burruss Almost Left ‘Real Housewives Of Atlanta’ Because Of Phaedra Parks And Porsha Williams Entertainment 2017-06-02 Marilyn Monroe’s Home Sells Over Asking Price, But Is It Haunted By Her Ghost? Some Say Yes Entertainment 2017-06-02 Ariana Grande Manchester Concert: 10,000 People Fraudulently Attempt To Claim Free Tickets News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2017-06-04 Alaska Volcano Eruption 2017: Expert Explains Why Predicting When Bogoslof Volcano Will Erupt Is Tricky News 2017-06-04 Man Dies Of Flesh-Eating Vibrio Vulnificus Bacteria After Tattoo Session News 2017-06-04 Al Gore Disappointed Over Trump’s Decision To Leave Paris Accord – ‘Thought That He Would Come To His Senses’ News 2017-06-04 Duke University Student, Michael Doherty, Found In Woods Died From Hypothermia, Police Say Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Wrestling 2017-06-04 WWE Extreme Rules 2017 Results Basketball 2017-06-04 NBA Mock Draft 2017: Report Places Lonzo Ball In Top Five, But Not Above Josh Jackson Wrestling 2017-06-04 Huge Spoiler For Jinder Mahal/Randy Orton Rivalry Heading Into Rematch Football 2017-06-04 Kevin White Must Step Up For The Chicago Bears [Opinion] Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-06-04 ‘Alien’ Yoga: The Newest Fitness Rage That Contorts Your Midsection In Otherworldly Way Lifestyle 2017-06-04 Seven Helpful Things To Do By Yourself Before Getting Married [Opinion] Beauty, Lifestyle 2017-06-04 Breaking The Internet & Stereotypes, Sudanese Model Nyakim Gatwech Is A Slap On Our Skin-Color Obsessed World Lifestyle 2017-06-03 June Is Adopt A Rescue Cat Month — Here’s What You Need To Know Before Bringing A Shelter Cat Home Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-06-03 June Is Alzheimer’s And Brain Awareness Month — Why People Are Displaying Purple And How You Can Show Support Health 2017-06-03 Ambrosia Offers Fountain Of Youth To Older Adults, New Treatment Can Potentially Reverse Aging Health 2017-06-03 Bradley Lowery’s Mother Reveals In Heartbreaking Facebook Post That The Five-Year-Old Has ‘Only Weeks To Live’ Health 2017-06-02 Flesh-Eating Bacteria Kills Man Who Took Swim After Getting New Tattoo Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2017-06-04 Valve Promises Low Fee For Steam Direct Gaming 2017-06-04 Top ‘Overwatch’ Player Hacks To Rank: DDOS Attacks Abound Gaming 2017-06-04 ‘Kingdom Hearts’ Orchestra World Tour Features Exclusive New Story Scenes, Concert Comes To U.S. This Summer Gaming 2017-06-04 ‘The Sims 4’ Pets DLC Rumor: New Leak Hints Horses Scrapped, November Release Date BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-06-04 Unfazed By Approaching Tornado, Canadian Man Trims Lawn BuzzWorthy 2017-06-04 Gyrating Drag Queen At Grade School Show Shocks And Peeves Off Parents — Video [Opinion] BuzzWorthy 2017-06-04 Melania Trump On June 4: Melania In $2,595 Silk Gown At Ford’s Theatre For Gala Amid Affair Rumors [Photos] BuzzWorthy 2017-06-04 Oregon Father’s ‘No Shame’ Toddler Leash Picture Goes Viral SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss 10.5-Inch iPad Pro 2 Rumors: 120Hz True Tone Display, Slimmer Bezels, But Traditional Form Factor Gadgets 0 0 0 May 27, 2017 10.5-Inch iPad Pro 2 Rumors: 120Hz True Tone Display, Slimmer Bezels, But Traditional Form Factor Simon Alvarez Apple might be planning on releasing as many as four iPads this year, but there is no tablet more compelling than the rumored 10.5-inch iPad Pro 2, a new slate that is speculated to revive the Cupertino-based tech giant’s struggling tablet business. If rumors are any indication, however, it seems that not only would the 10.5-inch iPad Pro 2 live up to the hype, it would also enter the market far earlier than expected. The Cupertino-based tech giant’s tablet sales have been in a slump for years now, with interest in slates decreasing as smartphones get larger displays. Apart from this, numerous users of Apple’s iPads have opted to keep their devices for years, which translated to lost sales and revenue for newer models. Things were shaken up a little bit, however, with the introduction of the iPad Pro series, comprised of a 12.9-inch model and a smaller, slightly more advanced 9.7-inch variant that was released early last year. The two iPad Pros were an entirely different breed of tablets, in the way that they are targeted toward the enterprise market and power users. With hefty specs and a couple of advanced accessories, the iPad Pro series has been dubbed by Apple as the next big thing in personal computing. So far, however, the limitations of iOS has limited the iPad Pros’ potential, and both the 12.9-inch and 9.7-inch variants have pretty much become niche devices. iPad Pro 2 & Apple Pencil 2 concept renderings. #Apple #iPad #iPadPro2 #ApplePencil2 #Concept #Rendering pic.twitter.com/2wTJW4GCTN —  iDesigner (@AppleiDesigner) May 9, 2017 If rumors about Apple’s 2017 tablets are any indication, however, it appears that the Cupertino-based tech giant is preparing to pull out all stops to ensure that 2017’s iPad series would be serious competitors in the computing industry. According to speculations, Apple would be doing this by releasing four tablets this year, a budget device, a refresh for the 12.9-inch and 9.7-inch Pros, and a new 10.5-inch device that would incorporate numerous advances never before seen in an Apple tablet, according to a MacWorld report. The 10.5-inch iPad Pro is rumored to be released with a similar form factor as the 9.7-inch iPad variant. For this to happen, Apple would need to decrease the size of the 10.5-inch iPad’s bezels radically. Over the past few months, renders of the upcoming device have emerged with concepts depicting a full-screen iPad. Considering that the feature might be exclusive to the iPhone 8 this year, however, there is a good chance that the 10.5-inch iPad Pro would still feature a classic Home Button, albeit with far smaller bezels as its predecessors. First attempt at a concept for the iPad Pro 2. With same edge to edge design as iPhone 8. Never done this before. What do you think? pic.twitter.com/K7outWaM3s — Tailosive Tech (@tailosivetech) May 7, 2017 One thing that has struck Apple fans is the rumor that the 10.5-inch iPad Pro would be equipped with the most advanced display that the tech giant has ever released for a tablet. According to a PC Advisor report, developers have found references to 120fps displays in Xcode, which has been interpreted widely as Apple fitting the 10.5-inch slate with a screen that has an impressively quick refresh rate. The current 12.9-inch and 9.7-inch iPad Pros have 60Hz displays, which, while capable enough for conventional applications, still lags at times when using the Apple Pencil to create content. With a 120Hz display, however, even the most taxing graphics applications would be handled by the 10.5-inch iPad Pro 2 with ease. Of course, the critically acclaimed, yet surprisingly rare True Tone display that is found in the 9.7-inch iPad Pro is expected to be fitted on the 10.5-inch iPad Pro 2 as well. The feature, which automatically optimizes the display depending on the ambient light, has received nothing but praise from consumers and critics alike. Despite this, however, Apple has yet to release another slate with the advanced feature. Thus, the 10.5-inch iPad Pro might very well be the device that would debut the feature once more. If rumors prove accurate, the 10.5-inch iPad Pro 2 would see a release this coming June, during Apple’s WWDC 2017. While the tech giant has not confirmed the launch, noted Apple analysts such as KGI’s Ming-Chi Kuo have stated that the chances of the tech giant revealing the 10.5-inch flagship slate on the developers’ conference are very high. Pricing for the 10.5-inch iPad Pro 2 remains unknown, though speculations are high that the device would start at around $699 for the base 32GB model. [Featured Image by Marcio Jose Sanchez/AP Images] Share 0 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Contributor Simon Alvarez Tags: 10.5-inch iPad Pro, Apple, iPad Pro 2 September 13, 2016 Clinton IT Specialist Ignores Congressional Subpoena September 13, 2016 Clinton Camp Wants Big Change In Presidential Debate Comments LATEST HEADLINES Kesha Records New Music With Eagles Of Death Metal, Dr. Luke No Longer The CEO Of Sony’s Kemosabe Records Despite Trump, People Are Still Working Towards Saving The Planet [Opinion] Cash Freeman: Oklahoma Man Shoots And Kills Neighbor Who Was Trying To Drown Infant Twins Son Gets Life In Prison For Murdering Father, Stabbing Him 60 Times Followed By A Hammer Attack Beyonce Early Labor Birth Twins: Singer Reportedly Having Baby Boys? Megyn Kelly Asks Russian President Vladimir Putin, ‘Do You Have Something Damaging On Donald Trump?’ Joseline Hernandez To Launch Movie Career, Talk Show After ‘LHHATL’ Departure Blake Shelton Calls Gwen Stefani ‘The Worst Co-Host Of All Time’ WWE Extreme Rules 2017 Results Rob Kardashian: Blac Chyna Furious Over Meghan James Romance, Demands Full Custody Of Dream? Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Trending Stories George Clooney Skips Humanitarian Award Ceremony To Be With Amal During The Childbirth 16.6k 0 0 Trump’s 11-Year-Old Son Thought Beheaded Image Was Real 17.3k 0 0 James Comey Testimony Could Be Blocked By White House, Raising Talk Of Impeachment 10.3k 0 0 House Ethics Complaints Filed Against Paul Ryan And Devin Nunes For Obstruction Of Justice 6.3k 0 0 Leah Remini And Kevin James Back Together: ‘King Of Queens’ Carrie Joins ‘Kevin Can Wait’ As Series Regular 8.4k 0 0 Kathy Griffin Breaks Down At Press Conference Over Photo: ‘Donald Trump Ruined My Life, But I Won’t Stop’ 8.4k 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr.
Technology & Business Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Business Insider Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR ShopStyle Who What Wear Byrdie MyDomaine Kin Community | Log in / Sign up Reviews Reviews Camera Reviews Sony A9: Australian Review GoPro Karma Drone: Australian Hands On GoPro Hero5: The Gizmodo Review Canon PowerShot G7 X Mark II: Australian Review Car Reviews The Porsche Macan GTS Is The Ultimate City Survival Vehicle The 2017 Honda Civic Si Is The Kind Of Fun That Won't Ruin Your Life 2017 Ford Focus ST: The Jalopnik Review This Motorcycle Sold Me On Electric Dirt Bikes Phone Reviews HTC U11: Australian Review Huawei P10: Australian Review Samsung DeX: The Gizmodo Review BlackBerry KeyOne: The Gizmodo Review PC Reviews Acer Predator 21X: The Gizmodo Review Microsoft Surface Studio: Australian Review Synology RT2600ac: Australian Review Oree's Essential Keyboard Is A Beautiful, Expensive Wooden Treasure Smartwatch Reviews Fitbit Alta HR: Australian Review Fitbit Alta HR: The Gizmodo Review Huawei Fit: The Gizmodo Review Apple Watch Nike+: Australian Review Gadgets Reviews B&O BeoPlay P2: Australian Review Sphero Ultimate Lightning McQueen: The Gizmodo Review Hulu Live TV Is The Best Streaming TV Service Yet, But It Needs Some Work UrbanEars Should Stick To Headphones, Because Its Wi-Fi Speakers Are Garbage Gaming Reviews Allcade 64-Bit Retro Console: The Gizmodo Review The Nintendo Switch: Australian Impressions Noblechairs' Gaming Chair Is For Firm Butts And Deep Pockets The Astro A50s Are Good Headphones With A Great Wireless Station Entertainment Reviews The Wonder Woman Movie Is Even Better Than You Hoped It Would Be The American Gods TV Series Fixes One Of The Book's Biggest Problems John Wick: Chapter 2: The Gizmodo Review A Kid In King Arthur's Court Is The Dumbest Arthurian Legend Ever Told Sony A9: Australian Review B&O BeoPlay P2: Australian Review Acer Predator 21X: The Gizmodo Review The Porsche Macan GTS Is The Ultimate City Survival Vehicle Smart Home & Gadgets Deals: Drop Some Sick Beats In The Shower With This Waterproof Speaker Even If The Siri Speaker Sucks You'll Want It Make Your Own Bootleg HoloLens With The Cardboard Holokit The Most Amazing Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Set, And More Wonderful Toys Of The Week Mobile Optus Is Crediting Customers Shortchanged On Data Deals Deals: $230 Off An iPhone SE With Telstra Sony Xperia XA1 Ultra: Australian Price And Availability Ten iMessage Apps Actually Worth Installing Car Tech Why You Should Give Your Car A Shitty Paint Job This Is The Coolest Road You've Never Heard Of 'The Great Eight Phantoms' Is A London Exhibition Of Rolls-Royce Magnificence There's A DeLorean Up For Auction In Tasmania Online 17 More Torrent And Streaming Sites Foxtel Wants ISPs To Block Theresa May Calls For International Regulation Of Cyberspace In Wake Of Attacks Amazon Now Has Every Issue Of Omni, The Sci-Fi 'Magazine Of The Future' Everest Now Has Wi-Fi, So You Can Truly Netflix And Chill Science & Health NASA's Plan To Fill The Sky With Red And Green Clouds Has Been Postponed Al Gore's Sequel To An Inconvenient Truth Gets Recut For One Very Obvious Reason Construction Begins On ESO's Extremely Large Telescope, Will Not Have Death Lasers Despite Appearances Scientists Reignite 30-Year-Old Debate About Glass With New Calculation Cameras Lunch Time Deals: Save $350 On FujiFilm X Series Cameras And XF Lenses Sticking A Camera Under A Faucet Feels Like Hurtling Down A Hypnotic Water Tunnel Unf, These New Images Of Our Seafloor Are Gorgeous This Photographer Shoots 370km/h Formula One Cars On A Camera From 1913 Computing Corsair Wants To Light Up Your Life Deals: Learn To Program For Over 90% Off Eyes On With Asus's Insane New Ultra-Wide Gaming Monitor Monitors With Everything Are Coming Gaming The Super Nintendo's Most Valuable Games Xbox Game Pass Is An Incredible Idea That Falls Flat (For Now) Microsoft Store Deal: 500GB Xbox One S Bundle For $299 With 2 Free Games 20 T-Rexes Fighting 10,000 Chickens Is All I Ever Wanted In A Jurassic Park Sequel Entertainment The Ultimate Wonder Woman Analysis Uh, 'Sharknado 5: Global Swarming' Sounds Bonkers How 'Guardians Of The Galaxy' Proved Marvel Could Do Anything Reach Out To The Truth In The Spoiler-Packed Doctor Who Discussion Thread Toggle navigation Reviews Camera Reviews Car Reviews Phone Reviews PC Reviews Smartwatch Reviews Gadgets Reviews Gaming Reviews Entertainment Reviews Smart Home & Gadgets Mobile Car Tech Online Science & Health Cameras Computing Gaming Entertainment 17 More Torrent And Streaming Sites Foxtel Wants ISPs To Block Deals: Drop Some Sick Beats In The Shower With This Waterproof Speaker What Australian Scientists Say About Trump's Paris Climate Deal Decision Watch These NSFW Deadpool Bloopers While We Wait For The Sequel How To Abandon iOS And Switch To Android David Nield May 30, 2017, 6:30am ⋅ Filed to:  android apple fieldguide google ios mobile Share Having guided you through the not-all-that-straightforward process of switching from Android to iOS, we're back to tell you how to go in the opposite direction. (Make your mind up will you?) Going from Apple-powered devices to Google's platform is either ridiculously easy or rather taxing, depending on your current setup. Image: Alex Cranz/Gizmodo Do you Google? Good news if you're already heavily invested in the Google ecosystem on your iPhone. You can switch to Android in an hour or two and keep your evening free for seeing friends or browsing Netflix. Otherwise, better cancel those evening plans. Those of you who spend all your time in Gmail, Google Calendar and Google Maps for iOS can simply install those apps on your brand new Android device, sign in using your Google account credentials, and pick up where you left off. The same applies for Google Photos and Google Drive. Google Drive can handle contacts and calendars for you. Image: Google Unlike Apple, Google doesn't have a dedicated app to help you defect to its mobile OS, but it does have a website with a lot of the information you're going to need: essentially you're instructed to use Google Drive to copy over contacts, photos, videos and calendar entries, which we'll cover in more detail below. If you're thinking about switching from iOS to Android in the future, or like to swap mobile OSes on a regular basis, then Google's cloud-centric services make the task much easier — so your best off keeping all your data there. By contrast, the only official Apple app you can get on Android at the moment is Apple Music. Messages and emails Extricating yourself from iMessage is perhaps the biggest challenge facing those jumping ship to Android. iMessage doesn't work on Google's platform, and there's no way to export all your message history into a comparable Android app. You're going to have to say goodbye to iMessage, but you can at least ensure a clean break. As soon as you know you're making the move go into your iOS and navigate to Messages in Settings and turn iMessage off, then go to FaceTime in Settings and turn that off too. Apple's full instructions are here. If you have some precious iMessages or plain old SMSes you can't leave behind, you'll need to rely on third-party software and some rather convoluted processes to back it all up. iSMS2droid promises to import messages from an unencrypted backup you made in iTunes on your computer into Android. If you don't need the backup on your phone, then PhoneView (macOS) and CopyTrans (Windows) are two of many tools that will let you browse your old missives to your heart's content. It's goodbye to iMessage. Image: Screenshot As for emails, Apple's system supports IMAP, so you can carry on checking your iCloud emails through Gmail on Android if you're not having a fresh start and giving up your old email address completely. Tap the drop-down arrow on the Gmail app menu, choose Add account, and follow the configuration instructions provided by Apple. It's the same process if you're using any other kind of email app on your new Android device, like Outlook from Microsoft. The only requirement is that it supports the popular IMAP protocol. You have a couple of other options if putting your iCloud account directly into Gmail doesn't appeal. You can have all your Apple iCloud emails automatically forwarded to your new Gmail address, by going into iCloud Mail on the web and setting up forwarding — you can even delete the originals after they're passed on. Alternatively, you can export all your old emails using Mail on a Mac just in case you ever need them again, then close down your Apple account. Contacts and calendars As long as you just want to make a one-way, one-time switch from iOS to Android, then Google Drive for iOS makes the process of moving contacts and calendars over simple enough. Once you've got the app installed on your iOS device, open the menu then tap Settings and Backup. Choose the data you want to transfer across to the equivalent Google accounts, tap Start Backup and you're on your way — everything from iOS and iCloud gets picked up. Make sure you're on wi-fi, and the iPhone is plugged in during the switchover. Also note, that any previous backups you've done will be overwritten. macOS can help make switching calendars easier. Image: Screenshot If you want a two-way sync, which you might if you're using your Android phone with an Apple laptop, then it's a lot more complicated. The best option, really, is to switch to using Google contacts and calendars as much as you can, and then adding your Google account to the relevant apps in macOS (Add Account from the main app menu in both cases). Even then you need to make sure you're always adding events to the Google calendars (or contacts) and not the iCloud ones for them to show up on your phone. If you absolutely must keep both Google and iCloud services running concurrently, and syncing with each other, then you'll need to put your trust in a third-party app for macOS or Android. Photos and videos Since Google Photos came into the world it's actually pretty easy to get all your personal photos and videos moved over to Android, via Google's servers, as long as they're all still on your iPhone: Install Google Photos for iOS, opt to back everything up, and away you go. You can either pay Google for storage and keep everything at full resolution, or accept some resizing (images max out at 16 MP, videos at 1080p), and store as many photos and videos as you like on the web, free of charge. The process is even more straightforward if you use the Google Drive app as we described in the section above, and Google Photos even supports Live Photos these days, using those extra few frames of animation to create a GIF for you. The only negative is that the albums you've created in iOS don't get copied over (everything appears as one long list of pictures), so you need to create them again. Google Photos can transfer images and videos. (Image: Google) All that is easy enough but if you've got photos in iCloud you've moved off your iPhone then you might have a problem or two on your hands. As we explained in our full guide to the topic of switching between Apple Photos and Google Photos, just about the only option open to you is downloading them all from iCloud to a macOS or Windows machine then uploading them again using a Google Photos client. It's a little convoluted but it's manageable, and it's a lot easier than using the export options in iCloud on the web, which are practically non-existent. If you don't have a computer to act as the middleman between iCloud Photo Library and Google Photos then you're stuck — you'll have to borrow a laptop from someone. Music and movies As we now have Apple Music on Android, getting your iTunes music on your Android device is no longer the exercise in frustration it once was. As far as tunes you've actually purchased directly from iTunes, it's probably the best option out there, though you do need to have signed up for an Apple Music subscription to be able to use the app and get at your purchases. Otherwise, it depends on where your music is and how it's stored. Any plain old MP3s you were syncing to your iPhone from iTunes can be uploaded to Google Play Music instead (50,000 of them can be stored for free), or you can use something like DoubleTwist, which is just about the leading choice if you want to keep on using iTunes alongside Android for your music. If you're signed up for Spotify you just need the Android app. Apple Music, now on Android. Image: Screenshot Likewise, if you've been accessing all your movies and TV shows through Netflix, Plex or Google Play Movies & TV then you just need to find and install the relevant app for Android and you're ready to go. All these services let you stream to multiple devices from a single account, so you can carry on using your iOS device if you need to. However, any videos you've purchased from iTunes won't run on Android at all — there's just no app to do it unless Apple ever gets around to making one. Several tools out there will do the job of removing iTunes DRM for you, but since we're getting into murky legal territory with that, we'll leave you to discover them for yourself. If you've invested hundreds of dollars in an iTunes digital library then you can still watch it on macOS, Windows, and the Apple TV, but not Android. Apps and games Generally speaking, all the apps you use on your iPhone are going to be available on Android as well, though there are a few exceptions — like Overcast and Day One. In terms of paid-for apps, you're going to have to pay for them all again, unfortunately, though something like a Spotify subscription buys you access on both Android and iOS. Whether all your data (from documents to saved games) moves over with you is another matter and worth checking up on before you make the switch. If you're in any doubt, get in touch with the developer directly to see what the situation is (you might be out of luck with anything that relies heavily on the iCloud storage system). Some paid-for iOS games, like Alto's Adventure, are free to play on Android. (Image: Noodlecake Studios Inc) We can't give you a guide to everything out there, but think about your productivity, fitness, and banking apps. Assess how much data is stored locally and what's going to happen to it. If you can, keep your old iPhone and new Android phone running alongside each other for a while until you're certain everything's been moved over successfully without too many bumps in the road. You might not believe it if you've read everything that's above, but moving from iOS to Android is actually much easier than it used to be, thanks mainly to an increased focus on cloud services (even, belatedly, from Apple itself). As long as you take your time, and don't live your life inside iMessage, you don't have to feel daunted by the task. WATCH MORE: Tech News Comments tonyintsv @tonyintsv May 28, 2017, 11:26am You can't. It's too late for the iSheep. Abandon them and concentrate on saving their children! Reply -3 dknigs @dknigs May 29, 2017, 12:37am Android users are like vegans and religious nuts. Nobody asked them, nobody actually has a problem with their choice, but they definitely have a problem with yours and are going to give you 12 reasons as to why theirs is better! Reply 3 beatsbynelly @beatsbynelly May 29, 2017, 12:03pm the recent outrage re: Bunnings Vegan snags is proof that there are plenty of people who have a problem with their choice. and also the girl that said I was poor cause I had an HTC X10 instead of an iPhone can get fucked. I just don't want to spend over $1000 on something I'm probably going to drop within the next couple of years. Reply 0 dknigs @dknigs May 29, 2017, 12:13pm Yea the price difference on a plan is pretty minimal, but no way I'd buy a $1000+ phone outright unless I was able to write it off on tax. Reply -1 beatsbynelly @beatsbynelly May 30, 2017, 10:05am maybe I am poor, I buy outright and am on prepaid cause I'm on Wi-Fi 99% of the time. I spend maybe $25 a month at most. Reply 0 carln @carln May 30, 2017, 1:19pm I'm not poor, but I have a Redmi Note 3 Special Edition because it gave me Band 28 and 32GB storage for $200 (No NFC though which is a bummer, and a bad camera). I'm also on prepaid. Reply 0 backfromthedead @backfromthedead May 29, 2017, 1:31pm Religious nuts ? Which nuts are religious. Peanuts, cashews, almonds ??? ;) Reply 0 Bonza Guest May 30, 2017, 7:44am Cashews are legumes. Reply 0 arranw @arranw May 29, 2017, 4:31pm I agree Reply 0 alexporubay @alexporubay May 31, 2017, 12:28am That's fine, there is still a chance) Especially if you no longer consider iPhone as an element of status. Even for developers it is already more profitable to make applications on android. Reply 0 dknigs @dknigs May 29, 2017, 12:34am I don't use any apple services except imessage on my iPhone, works beautifully with exchange from outlook.com with custom domain. Android though? It would constantly hassle and nag me to create a gmail and convert my custom domain google account into an alias. No thanks. All major phone OS support exchange or imap, if you use it for syncing your emails, calendar and contacts it doesn't matter what phone you buy, or if you lose your phone, you will always get them back. Don't get suckered into ANY walled garden whether it be Apple, Google, or even your ISP's email (especially the awful pop3 options). They all exist to keep you as a customer and make moving inconvenient, without offering any real benefit. I have moved from iOS, to Windows Phone, to Android and back to iOS without going through any of the bullcrap in this article, because I set up exchange email/contact/calendar sync from the very beginning on my first smartphone. Now with Windows 10, all the exact same things are synced live. Just make sure your photos are backed up, especially if they're the only place you have 4000 photo's of your children, and you're free of the shackles Apple and Google hope to restrain you. Reply -3 mark_d @mark_d May 29, 2017, 11:46am It would constantly hassle and nag me to create a gmail and convert my custom domain google account into an alias. No thanks. Not once has android ever asked me to convert my custom domain to a gmail service. Try again. Any gmail account is required to use the app store. Gosh, who would have thought just like Apple. Don't get suckered into ANY walled garden whether it be Apple, Google, or even your ISP's email 100% agreed. Reply 2 pformagg @pformagg May 29, 2017, 10:12am App to transfer over wifi or cable - native music from iTunes onto Android - iSyncr App for Google Calendar, Exchange, Daum Calendar, Naver Calendar, iCloud, Yahoo! Calendar, Yahoo! and any other calendar services that support CalDAV. - SolCalendar. Reply 0 meincranbourne @meincranbourne May 29, 2017, 10:36am Yeah, this sounds great and all, but why are Android phones rooted by their owners? Why doesn't my iPhone need to be scanned by anti-virus/anti-malware software? Why am I bothering to put these point to you? I'd use a windows phone before I would return to an android zombie phone. Reply -7 pformagg @pformagg May 29, 2017, 10:58am For 100% customisation and illegal apps. I would say 99% of Android users don't root their phones. Reply 5 soldant @soldant May 29, 2017, 11:02am When I had a Galaxy Note (first one) I rooted to do a custom Android install to make the phone faster and better on battery life... because Samsung did a shitty job with the stock install. Some devices can benefit quite a bit from root and customisation, particularly those afflicted by bloat or lower end hardware. Some software relies on root to work. The vast majority of users don't need it and probably don't even know what it is. Reply 0 mark_d @mark_d May 29, 2017, 11:48am Why do iPhone users have to root the phones by their owners? Why does iPhone need to be scanned by anti-virus/anti-malware software? Reply 0 carln @carln May 30, 2017, 1:18pm My phone is rooted to be able to do real app backups: particularly for moving Google Authenticator between devices. 99% of the time I don't need it rooted, but on those rare occasions when I need elevated privileges then it's what I need. Most Android phones are not rooted. Most Android devices also don't need to be scanned by anti-virus/anti-malware software, but the much lower level of curation that Google applies to the app store means that it is more likely that malicious apps can reach Google Play than the Apple App Store. Of course, it also means Google doesn't block satirical or political apps seemingly arbitrarily either (see https://bits.blogs.nytimes.com/2010/05/26/apples-struggle-with-political-app/?_r=0). With the improving permissions models on Android, the impact of malicious apps is somewhat reduced. However, because Android device manufacturers are almost uniformly hopeless at providing updates for any reasonable length of time Android devices are much more likely to be vulnerable. In general, Apple devices are more secure over a long period. I say this as an Android user. Also, don't imagine that there are no malicious apps on the Apple App Store (http://www.bbc.com/news/technology-34338362 http://fortune.com/2016/03/16/malware-infect-apple-iphone-ipad/ http://www.computerworld.com/article/2498560/security0/researcher-plants-rogue-app-in-apple-s-app-store.html) so don't get too comfortable on your high-horse, assuming you're not adhered to it. Also, iPhone is no longer the innovation leader in phones that it once was. Reply 0 Irina Guest May 29, 2017, 2:20pm Hi David! Irina from CopyTrans here. Just wanted to stop by and thank you for mentioning CopyTrans Contacts in your article. Take care :) Reply 0 coldarmyman @coldarmyman May 29, 2017, 3:19pm having spent 20k on the itunes store over the years (movies and tv shows) not having the ability to use my entire catalogue on android has stopped me. oh and google photos app is the worst. i left it updating 10000+ photos on wifi and a week later it still had not finished Reply 0 soldant @soldant May 29, 2017, 3:48pm Really? It's not fast (few of them are in Australia, I think OneDrive is probably one of the better ones myself) but it's still way better than iCloud Photos, which has the most ridiculous syncing system ever. Reply 0 lunchbox99 @lunchbox99 May 29, 2017, 3:55pm Yeah totally ridiculous how you just take photos and they magically appear on your tablet or laptop/desktop (windows or mac). Such a hassle. Reply 0 soldant @soldant May 29, 2017, 4:34pm You can't selectively sync though, and it still keeps a local copy that chews up local storage. There's no way to really control it. One of the best parts of syncing is the ability to move stuff off local storage (especially given how absurdly expensive storage is on iOS devices). Reply 1 joshuaholmes @joshuaholmes May 30, 2017, 9:31am You can save space- iCloud Photo Library keeps all of your photos and videos in their original, high-resolution version. You can save space on your device when you turn on Optimize Storage. Reply 0 soldant @soldant May 30, 2017, 10:12am But it still stores a vast bulk of photos locally and there's no real way to control what it does or doesn't keep. It's vastly inferior to Google Photos or OneDrive. It could be easily fixed but Apple went for a strange system and ended up with something that only gets it half right. Reply 0 lunchbox99 @lunchbox99 May 29, 2017, 3:54pm Wtf? You spent $20k on itunes? You must have rocks in your head...lol. I thought I went too far buy $300 worth of itunes cards at 25% off sale to get music. At least the music files are DRM free. Reply 2 Join the discussion! Log In Sign Up Guest Access Join the discussion! Cancel Reply Log In / Sign Up Name Email You are starting a new discussion. You are replying to a comment. Cancel Edit × Comment Voting Up Votes Down Votes × Only logged in users may vote for comments! Please log in or register to gain access to this feature. No Thanks Log In Sign Up × Get Permalink Close Trending Stories Right Now What Australian Scientists Say About Trump's Paris Climate Deal Decision Rae Johnston 04 Jun 2017 6:30 AM Before the news of Donald Trump's decision to exit the Paris Climate agreement broke, we heard the opinions of several leading experts in climate science about what exactly it would mean if the US pulled out of the global deal. Here's what they had to say. NYPD Fails To Convince Court Its Deafening Sound Cannon Is Just A 'Communication Tool' Sidney Fussell 03 Jun 2017 1:00 PM On Wednesday, a US federal judge ruled that the sound emitted from the NYPD's Long Range Acoustic Devices -- portable sound cannons that blast noise -- could be considered a use of force, contrary to the police department's claims. The LRAD can blast sound as loudly as 136 decibels. That's louder than a jackhammer or a jet engine and above the 120 db threshold for immediate human hearing loss. Want Gizmodo's email newsletter? Subscribe Alert me about competitions & deals Have a tip? Contact our editors! Latest Deals Deals: Drop Some Sick Beats In The Shower With This Waterproof Speaker Deals: $230 Off An iPhone SE With Telstra Deals: Here, Have A VPN For 90% Off Deals: Learn To Program For Over 90% Off Trending Articles 1 What Australian Scientists Say About Trump's Paris Climate Deal Decision 2 NYPD Fails To Convince Court Its Deafening Sound Cannon Is Just A 'Communication Tool' 3 17 More Torrent And Streaming Sites Foxtel Wants ISPs To Block Optus Is Crediting Customers Shortchanged On Data Deals 17 More Torrent And Streaming Sites Foxtel Wants ISPs To Block The Ultimate Wonder Woman Analysis Deals: Drop Some Sick Beats In The Shower With This Waterproof Speaker Sunday Comics: Completely Avoidable Target Is Selling Horizon: Zero Dawn And Ghost Recon Wildlands For $39 Reminder: The Live-Action Movie Isn't The Only Awesome Wonder Woman Film How To Take Down A Thunderjaw In Horizon: Zero Dawn Ask LH: Are Drones Being Banned In Australia? Seven Phone Recycling Tips For World Environment Day How Amazon Australia Will Affect Existing Supply Chains Here Are 17 More 'Pirate' Sites Foxtel Is Banning In Australia Biotech Prima Biomed shares are going nuts 27 stunning images that were taken by Google Street View Australia's jobs market is strengthening but it's what happens next that matters most One of the Islamic extremists involved in London's terror attack reportedly tried to radicalise children © 2007-2017 Allure Media About Advertise Contact Terms of Use Gizmodo International × Log in to Gizmodo Username or Email Password Remember me Login Don't have an account? Create one here Forgot your password? Click here to reset × Sign up to Gizmodo User Details @ This is your permanent identity for Gizmodo, Kotaku and Lifehacker Australia. Your email must be valid for account activation Minimum of 8 standard keyboard characters Subscriptions Email newsletters will contain a brief summary of our top stories, plus details of competitions and reader events. Gizmodo Newsletter Kotaku Newsletter Lifehacker Newsletter Yes, I wish to receive exclusive discounts, special offers and competitions from our partners. Send Activation Email Already have an account? Log in × Reset Password Email Reset Password Back to login × Gizmodo International Gizmodo US Gizmodo UK Gizmodo Spain Gizmodo Brazil Gizmodo Japan Close
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 28 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman “Today at Apple” bringing new experiences to every Apple Store Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, macOS, watchOS and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple’s more than 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it. CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious CAIR-Oregon to Join Vigil for Victims of Hate Attack on Men Who Defended Muslim Women Next PostNext Apple Dubai Mall opens April 27 Search Recent Posts iMobie PhoneRescue Now Restores Lost Data for Android Users with Highest Success Rate, Even Directly to Phones and Tablets Drilling Begins! Zion Oil & Gas Spuds Megiddo-Jezreel #1 Well Global Industrial Cartridge Valves Market Industry 2022 Forecast Report Mining Equipment -Market Demand, Growth, Opportunities and Analysis of Top Key Player Forecast To 2022 Hydraulic Bolt Tensioner Market Industry Global Size, Share, Trend & Forecast 2017-2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 28 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple Dubai Mall opens April 27 Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, macOS, watchOS and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple’s more than 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it. CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious “Today at Apple” bringing new experiences to every Apple Store Next PostNext 3 Reasons NVIDIA Stock Could Continue Soaring Search Recent Posts iMobie PhoneRescue Now Restores Lost Data for Android Users with Highest Success Rate, Even Directly to Phones and Tablets Drilling Begins! Zion Oil & Gas Spuds Megiddo-Jezreel #1 Well Global Industrial Cartridge Valves Market Industry 2022 Forecast Report Mining Equipment -Market Demand, Growth, Opportunities and Analysis of Top Key Player Forecast To 2022 Hydraulic Bolt Tensioner Market Industry Global Size, Share, Trend & Forecast 2017-2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Click to Skip Ad Closing in... Tech Entertainment Business Deals Science Politics About Mobile Image Source: Håkan Dahlström Apple ruthlessly targets Android in trio of new ads Mike Wehner @MikeWehner May 29th, 2017 at 2:08 PM Share Tweet Apple regularly boasts about how many of its new iPhone customers were previously Android users, and CEO Tim Cook has brought up the statistics during earnings calls on numerous occasions. Now, in an effort to make those figures even more impressive, the company just launched a trio of new TV spots aimed directly at getting Android users to jump ship in favor of the iPhone. Curiously, you won’t actually see an iPhone in any of them. Don't Miss: New leaks show the iPhone 8 design we’re hoping for The short ads, each running no more than 15 seconds in length, are presented in the simple “them and us” style that Apple has had good luck with ever since the “I’m a Mac, and I’m a PC” series. In all three ads, the screen is split between “Your Phone” and “iPhone,” with bad things happening on one side, and much better things happening on the iPhone half. The three ads focus on performance, security, and the actual act of switching devices, showing a glitchy animation being corrected by the iPhone, a robber failing to break into the iPhone half of the screen, and contacts jumping from “Your Phone” to the iPhone. What’s particularly interesting about the ads is how you never actually see an iPhone at all. Like the old “I’m a Mac” ads, the aim here isn’t to directly sell any specific product, but simply to make sure you know that if you don’t own an iPhone, you’re not getting the best experience possible. Whether or not you — or any Android users in your life — will buy into that is anyone’s guess. Tags: Ads, Android, Apple View Comments Trending 1 Tech People are going to pay $880 for this ‘Pirates of the Caribbean’ Galaxy S8, sadly 2 Tech Rumor claims Apple’s MacBook Air line is dead 3 Tech Foxconn insider drops avalanche of information about the iPhone 8, new MacBooks, Apple’s smart glasses and more 4 Tech New leak sheds light on Apple’s secretive ‘smart glasses’ project 5 Entertainment NBA Finals 2017 live stream: How to watch Warriors vs. Cavaliers Game 2 online Picked For You Why would you even own a Nintendo Switch without these 5 must-have accessories? By Maren Estrada 2 days ago New leak sheds light on Apple’s secretive ‘smart glasses’ project By Yoni Heisler 10 hours ago People are going to pay $880 for this ‘Pirates of the Caribbean’ Galaxy S8, sadly By Chris Smith 15 hours ago Advertise About Contact Copyright 2017 BGR Media, LLC Powered by WordPress.com VIP | Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Rights | Terms Of Use ad
Dear Visitor, Our system has found that you are using an ad-blocking browser add-on. We just wanted to let you know that our site content is, of course, available to you absolutely free of charge. Our ads are the only way we have to be able to bring you the latest high-quality content, which is written by professional journalists, with the help of editors, graphic designers, and our site production and I.T. staff, as well as many other talented people who work around the clock for this site. So, we ask you to add this site to your Ad Blocker’s "white list" or to simply disable your Ad Blocker while visiting this site. Continue on this site freely   HOME     MENU     SEARCH     NEWSLETTER     NEWS & INFORMATION FOR TECHNOLOGY PURCHASERS. UPDATED 7 MINUTES AGO. Home Enterprise I.T. Mobile Tech Applications Hardware World Wide Web Network Security Cloud Computing Microsoft/Windows Apple/Mac Personal Tech Automotive Tech CRM Systems Government Communications Contributed Content You are here: Home / Digital Life / Tech-World Battle: Digital Assistants Support every customer. Anytime. Anywhere. Build Apps 5x Faster For Half the Cost Enterprise Cloud Computing On Force.com Next Tech-World Battle Will Focus on Digital Assistants By Bob ODonnell PUBLISHED: MAY 29 2017 In case you hadn't noticed, the OS platform battle is over. Oh, and nobody really won, because basically all the big players did, depending on your perspective. Google has the largest number of people using Android, Apple generates the most income via iOS, and Windows still commands the workplace for Microsoft. But the stakes are getting much higher for the next looming battle in the tech world. This one will be based around digital assistants, such as Amazon's Alexa, Apple's Siri, Microsoft's Cortana and Google's Assistant (which is rolling out to iOS), among others. While much of the initial focus is, rightfully, around the voice-based computing capabilities of these assistants, I believe we're going to see these assistants expand into text-driven chatbots, AI-driven autonomous software helpers and, most importantly, de facto digital gateways that end up tying together a wide range of smart and connected devices. These digital assistants have the potential to completely devalue the underlying platforms on which they run. From smart homes to smart cars, as well as smartphones, PCs and wearables that span both our personal and professional lives, these digital assistants will (ideally) provide the consistent glue that brings together computing, services and much more across many disparate OS platforms. In short, they should be able to make our lives better organized, and our devices and services much easier to use. That's why these assistants are so strategically important, and why so many other companies - from Facebook to Samsung - are working on their own variations. Another fascinating aspect of these digital assistants is that they have the potential to completely devalue the underlying platforms on which they run. If I can use, say, Alexa across an iPhone, a Windows PC, my smart home components and a future connected car, where does the unique value of iOS or Windows 10 go? Out the door ... This overarching importance and distancing from different platforms is why I refer to these assistants as the preeminent example of a "meta-platform," something that provides the potential for expansion, via both APIs for new software development, and the connectivity of a regular platform, but at a layer "above" a traditional OS. With that thought in mind, it's interesting to look at recent data that Technalysis Research collected as part of a nearly 1,000-person survey of U.S. consumers on usage of digital assistants on smartphones, PCs and the hottest new entrant, smart speakers such as Amazon's Alexa and Google Home. As mentioned earlier, in their present incarnations, these digital assistants are primarily focused on voice-based computing and the kinds of applications that are best suited for simple voice-driven queries. To get a better sense of how these assistants are used, respondents were asked in separate questions how often (or even if) they used digital assistants on smart speakers (such as Amazon Echo), smartphones and PCs. The results were combined into the chart below: What's fascinating is that, even though the smart speaker category is relatively new (the Echo is less than two years old) and Siri, the first smartphone-based digital assistant, arrived in 2011, it's clear that people with access to a smart speaker like Echo (around 14 percent of U.S. households, according to the survey results) are using digital assistants significantly more than those with smartphones. If you want to be relevant in these early stages of the digital assistant battle, you need to have a dedicated smart speaker offering. While it's tempting to suggest that this may be due to the perceived accuracy of the different assistants, in a separate question about accuracy, the rankings for Alexa, Siri and Google's Assistant were nearly identical, meaning there was no one clear favorite. Instead, these results suggest that a dedicated-function device placed in a central location within a home simply invites more usage. Translation: If you want to be relevant in these early stages of the digital assistant battle, you need to have a dedicated smart speaker offering. Of course, the other challenge is that most people are now increasingly exposed to and use multiple digital assistants from multiple players. In fact, 56 percent of the respondents acknowledged that they at least occasionally (and some frequently) used multiple assistants, with differing degrees of comfort in making the switch between them. The largest single group, 26 percent, said they were loyal to and consistently used one assistant and ignored the others, but as competition in this area heats up, those loyalties are likely to be tested. Digital assistant technology has a long way to go, and their current usage patterns only provide some degree of insight into what their long-term capabilities will be. Nevertheless, it's clear that the meta-platform battle for digital assistants is going to have a significantly broader and longer-lasting impact than the OS platform battles of yore. That, by itself, will make them essential to watch and understand. © 2017 Re/Code under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved. Image credit: Microsoft. Read more on: Microsoft, Cortana, Apple, Siri, Google Home, Amazon, Alexa, Artificial Intelligence, Internet of Things Tell Us What You Think Comment: Name: TOP STORIES NOW 1. Walmart Tests Delivery by Employees 2. Is Computer Glare Aging Your Skin? 3. Alexa: Take Me Out to the Ball Game 4. MS Reboots Skype with New Features 5. Essential Home to Run All Assistants MAY INTEREST YOU Affordable car safety systems for ALL cars. See our backup cameras, accident prevention products, blind spot detection, parking sensors, and more, at Make My Car Safe. On sale now! MORE IN DIGITAL LIFE 1. Adobe Scan: Docs into Editable PDFs 2. OneLogin Hit by Massive Data Breach 3. Essential Home to Run All Assistants 4. MS Reboots Skype with New Features 5. Walmart Tests Delivery by Employees NEWSFACTOR.COM Enterprise I.T. Mobile Tech Applications Hardware World Wide Web Network Security Cloud Computing Microsoft/Windows Apple/Mac Personal Tech Automotive Tech CRM Systems Government Communications Contributed Content NEWSFACTOR NETWORK SITES Enterprise I.T. Sites: NewsFactor Technology News Enterprise Security Today CRM Daily Business & Innovation Sites: Sci-Tech Today NewsFactor Business Report NEWSFACTOR SERVICES About NewsFactor Network How To Advertise Free Newsletters How To Contact Us Services for PR Pros SEO Services Sponsored Content Services Article Reprints Top Tech Wire Privacy Policy Terms of Service © Copyright 2017 NewsFactor Network. All rights reserved. Member of Accuserve Ad Network.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple Park opens to employees in April “Steve was exhilarated, and inspired, by the California landscape, by its light and its expansiveness. It was his favorite setting for thought. Apple Park captures his spirit uncannily well,” said Laurene Powell Jobs. “He would have flourished, as the people of Apple surely will, on this luminously designed campus.” “Steve invested so much of his energy creating and supporting vital, creative environments. We have approached the design, engineering and making of our new campus with the same enthusiasm and design principles that characterize our products,” said Jony Ive, Apple’s chief design officer. “Connecting extraordinarily advanced buildings with rolling parkland creates a wonderfully open environment for people to create, collaborate and work together. We have been extremely fortunate to be able to work closely, over many years, with the remarkable architectural practice Foster + Partners.” CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple’s WWDC returns to San Jose June 5-9, 2017 Next PostNext Apple introduces iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus (PRODUCT)RED Special Edition Search Recent Posts iMobie PhoneRescue Now Restores Lost Data for Android Users with Highest Success Rate, Even Directly to Phones and Tablets Drilling Begins! Zion Oil & Gas Spuds Megiddo-Jezreel #1 Well Global Industrial Cartridge Valves Market Industry 2022 Forecast Report Mining Equipment -Market Demand, Growth, Opportunities and Analysis of Top Key Player Forecast To 2022 Hydraulic Bolt Tensioner Market Industry Global Size, Share, Trend & Forecast 2017-2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Clips brings fun and simple video creation to iPhone and iPad Clips, a new app from Apple that makes it easy to create expressive videos on iPhone and iPad, is now available as a free download on the App Store. The app provides an all-new way to produce quick, engaging videos to share with friends or family through the Messages app, or on Instagram, Facebook and other social networks. Clips’ simple, single-screen interface lets users make polished, multi-clip videos in minutes without video editing timelines, tracks or complicated tools to learn. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUPDATE Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple introduces Clips: the fun, new way to create expressive videos on iOS Next PostNext Championing Change at Russell McVeagh Search Recent Posts iMobie PhoneRescue Now Restores Lost Data for Android Users with Highest Success Rate, Even Directly to Phones and Tablets Drilling Begins! Zion Oil & Gas Spuds Megiddo-Jezreel #1 Well Global Industrial Cartridge Valves Market Industry 2022 Forecast Report Mining Equipment -Market Demand, Growth, Opportunities and Analysis of Top Key Player Forecast To 2022 Hydraulic Bolt Tensioner Market Industry Global Size, Share, Trend & Forecast 2017-2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple celebrates Earth Day with new initiatives and stories of innovation The report also highlights the latest information about Apple’s global forestry partnerships. This year, through its partnership with WWF in China, Apple has transitioned approximately 320,000 acres of forest in China toward Forest Stewardship Council certification. This advancement means, in just two years, the company has now reached its goal of protecting and creating enough sustainably managed forests to cover all its packaging needs. Apple’s forestry work is just the beginning of its efforts to conserve the world’s precious resources. The company also announced the ambitious goal of creating a closed loop supply chain, where products are built using only renewable resources or recycled material. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUPDATE Post navigation Previous PostPrevious iPad Pro artist illustrates NBA stars Next PostNext Apple celebrates store opening at Dubai Mall Search Recent Posts iMobie PhoneRescue Now Restores Lost Data for Android Users with Highest Success Rate, Even Directly to Phones and Tablets Drilling Begins! Zion Oil & Gas Spuds Megiddo-Jezreel #1 Well Global Industrial Cartridge Valves Market Industry 2022 Forecast Report Mining Equipment -Market Demand, Growth, Opportunities and Analysis of Top Key Player Forecast To 2022 Hydraulic Bolt Tensioner Market Industry Global Size, Share, Trend & Forecast 2017-2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple launches app development curriculum for high school and community college students The curriculum will be offered by the Alabama Community College System, Columbus State Community College, Harrisburg Area Community College, Houston Community College, Mesa Community College and San Mateo Community College District, among others. Select high schools across the country will also be teaching the App Development with Swift curriculum starting this fall. Houston Community College is opening an iOS Coding and Design School that will teach Apple’s new curriculum. “The world calls Houston a knowledge capital because of the incredible concentration of ideas and innovation in our great city,” said Houston Mayor Sylvester Turner. “Apple’s investment in our community with the launch of the app development curriculum will tap into the creativity of our students, inspire new possibilities and foster our culture of technological transformation.” “We are focused on preparing our students for life in a global and technological society, and in 2017 that means making sure our students have access to a state-of-the-art coding curriculum,” said Houston Community College Chancellor Cesar Maldonado. “We are thrilled Apple is offering this incredible opportunity to advance student learning, which will especially help us bridge the gap in computer science training for minorities and women. We can’t wait to see what these students will do and already have local businesses offering mentoring and internship opportunities.” CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious “Today at Apple” launches worldwide Next PostNext Apple Orchard Road opens in Singapore Search Recent Posts iMobie PhoneRescue Now Restores Lost Data for Android Users with Highest Success Rate, Even Directly to Phones and Tablets Drilling Begins! Zion Oil & Gas Spuds Megiddo-Jezreel #1 Well Global Industrial Cartridge Valves Market Industry 2022 Forecast Report Mining Equipment -Market Demand, Growth, Opportunities and Analysis of Top Key Player Forecast To 2022 Hydraulic Bolt Tensioner Market Industry Global Size, Share, Trend & Forecast 2017-2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman New Music Apps from Apple Transform iOS Devices into Handheld Studios for Songwriters &amp; Beatmakers CUPERTINO, California — January 20, 2016 — Apple® today announced a new addition and a major update to its family of music-making apps for iOS that make it easy for people to tap into their musical potential and create incredible music no matter where they are. An all-new app called Music Memos lets musicians and songwriters quickly capture, organize and develop their musical ideas right on their iPhone®. And a major update to GarageBand® for iOS introduces multiple new features, including Live Loops, a fun way for anyone to make music like a DJ using only their iPhone or iPad®. “Musicians around the world, from the biggest artists to aspiring students, use Apple devices to create amazing music; the innovative new Music Memos app will help them quickly capture their ideas on iPhone and iPad whenever inspiration strikes,” said Philip Schiller, Apple’s senior vice president of Worldwide Marketing. “GarageBand is the most popular music creation app in the world, and this update helps everyone easily tap into their musical talent with the powerful new Live Loops and Drummer features, and adds support for the larger iPad Pro screen and 3D Touch on iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus.” “Sometimes ideas come faster than I can get them into my notebook so I’ve used Voice Memos and Notes to quickly capture songs before they’re lost. Music Memos is like if those two apps came together to form some kind of superpower for songs,” said Ryan Adams, critically acclaimed singer-songwriter and producer. “It quite literally blew my mind how Music Memos could transform a single guitar idea into a whole composition with a virtual drummer loose enough that it felt like you were having your mind read by some A.I. musician and a choice of stand-up or electric bass accompaniments.” “I recorded my first album using GarageBand and I continue to use it in my music today,” said T-Pain, Grammy Award-winning artist and producer. “I love how the new Live Loops in GarageBand lets me quickly build tracks and beats, and even perform effects like a musical instrument. It’ll change the way an entire generation makes music.” Musicians and songwriters around the world have used the Voice Memos app on their iPhone to quickly record ideas, and many hit songs first started as Voice Memos. The new Music Memos app is inspired by Voice Memos and takes the functionality even further by adding musician-friendly features designed specifically for songwriting and developing musical ideas. With Music Memos, you can record any musical instrument through the iPhone’s built-in microphone in a high-quality, uncompressed format, then name, tag and rate it to start building a library of your ideas. The app can analyze rhythm and chords of acoustic guitar and piano recordings, and instantly add drums and a bass line to provide a virtual, customizable backing band that plays along to match the feel of your song. Music Memos can even provide basic notation that displays the chords that were played. With iCloud® your Music Memos are automatically available across all your Apple devices so you can open them in GarageBand or Logic Pro X℠ to further develop your songs. Musicians can easily share their ideas via email or with their fans through Apple Music™ Connect. For more information about the new Music Memos app, visit, www.apple.com/music-memos. GarageBand for iOS is the world’s most popular mobile music creation app, and the new GarageBand 2.1 update introduces Live Loops, an entirely new and intuitive way to create amazing music. Inspired by DJ hardware controllers and drum machines, Live Loops makes it easy for anyone to create music by simply tapping cells and columns in a highly visual grid to trigger different looped instruments and samples. The loops can be performed, arranged and remixed live, and GarageBand automatically keeps all the beats in sync with perfect time and pitch. To get you started, Live Loops comes with a library of Apple-designed loop templates in a variety of genres including EDM, Hip Hop, Dubstep and Rock, or you can create your own loops from scratch.  GarageBand 2.1 for iOS also includes the new Drummer feature with nine EDM and acoustic virtual session drummers that provide their own signature sound, as well as an expanded selection of amps for bass players. Advanced GarageBand users can now create even more dynamic and polished sounding songs using new automation features, controls recording and a new simple EQ. GarageBand 2.1 looks stunning on the expansive 12.9-inch Retina® display on the new iPad Pro™ and gives you access to even more controls and room to play. And on iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus, the app now supports 3D Touch, allowing you to play with more expression. For more information about the new GarageBand for iOS, visit, www.apple.com/ios/garageband. Pricing & Availability  Music Memos is available for free on the App Store® and is compatible with iPhone 4s and later, and iPad 2 and later. GarageBand 2.1 for iOS is bundled free with new iOS devices 32GB and larger, is available as a free upgrade for existing users with compatible iOS 9 devices or later, and is available to everyone else for $4.99 via the App Store. Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, OS X, watchOS and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple’s 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it. Press Contacts: Colin Smith  Apple colins@apple.com (408) 862-1171 Starlayne Meza Apple starlayne@apple.com (408) 974-3391   CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Record-Breaking Holiday Season for the App Store Next PostNext Apple Opening Europe’s First iOS App Development Center in Italy Search Recent Posts iMobie PhoneRescue Now Restores Lost Data for Android Users with Highest Success Rate, Even Directly to Phones and Tablets Drilling Begins! Zion Oil & Gas Spuds Megiddo-Jezreel #1 Well Global Industrial Cartridge Valves Market Industry 2022 Forecast Report Mining Equipment -Market Demand, Growth, Opportunities and Analysis of Top Key Player Forecast To 2022 Hydraulic Bolt Tensioner Market Industry Global Size, Share, Trend & Forecast 2017-2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple &amp; SAP Partner to Revolutionize Work on iPhone &amp; iPad CUPERTINO, California and WALLDORF, Germany — May 5, 2016 — Apple® and SAP today announced a partnership to revolutionize the mobile work experience for enterprise customers of all sizes, combining powerful native apps for iPhone® and iPad® with the cutting-edge capabilities of the SAP HANA platform. This joint effort will also deliver a new iOS software development kit (SDK) and training academy so that developers, partners and customers can easily build native iOS apps tailored to their business needs. “This partnership will transform how iPhone and iPad are used in enterprise by bringing together the innovation and security of iOS with SAP’s deep expertise in business software,” said Tim Cook, Apple’s CEO. “As the leader in enterprise software and with 76% of business transactions touching an SAP system, SAP is the ideal partner to help us truly transform how businesses around the world are run on iPhone and iPad. Through the new SDK, we’re empowering SAP’s more than 2.5 million developers to build powerful native apps that fully leverage SAP HANA Cloud Platform and tap into the incredible capabilities that only iOS devices can deliver.” “We’re proud to take this special partnership between Apple and SAP to a groundbreaking new place,” said Bill McDermott, CEO of SAP. “In giving people an agile and intuitive business experience, we empower them to know more, care more and do more. By combining the powerful capabilities of SAP HANA Cloud Platform and SAP S/4HANA, together with iOS, the leading and most secure mobile platform for enterprise, we will help deliver live data to people wherever and whenever they choose to work. Apple and SAP share a commitment to shaping the future, helping the world run better and improving people’s lives.”  The companies plan to deliver a new SAP HANA Cloud Platform SDK exclusively for iOS that will provide businesses, designers and developers the tools to quickly and efficiently build their own iOS apps for iPhone and iPad, based on SAP HANA Cloud Platform, SAP’s open platform as a service. These native apps will provide access to core data and business processes on SAP S/4HANA, while taking full advantage of iPhone and iPad features like Touch ID®, Location Services and Notifications. A new SAP Fiori for iOS design language will take the award-winning SAP Fiori user experience to the next level by combining it with a consumer-grade iOS experience to deliver on the robust user needs in the enterprise and enable developers to build next-generation apps. To help SAP’s 2.5-million member global developer community take full advantage of the new SDK and Apple’s innovative hardware and software, a new SAP Academy for iOS will offer tools and training. The new SDK, design language and academy will begin rolling out before the end of the year.  As a part of the partnership, SAP will develop native iOS apps for critical business operations. These apps for iPhone and iPad will be built with Swift™, Apple’s modern, secure and interactive programming language, and will offer a familiar user experience with the SAP Fiori for iOS design language. Workers across industries will be empowered to access the critical enterprise data, processes and user experience they need to make decisions and take action right from their iPhone or iPad through apps designed to enable a field maintenance worker to order parts or schedule service, or a doctor to share the latest patient data with other healthcare professionals. As market leader in enterprise application software, SAP helps companies of all sizes and industries run better. From back office to boardroom, warehouse to storefront, desktop to mobile device – SAP empowers people and organizations to work together more efficiently and use business insight more effectively to stay ahead of the competition. SAP applications and services enable approximately 310,000 business and public sector customers to operate profitably, adapt continuously, and grow sustainably. For more information, visit www.sap.com. Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, OS X, watchOS and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple’s 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it. Press Contacts: Scott Behles SAP scott.behles@sap.com  (917) 494-2009 Ryan James Apple ryanj@apple.com (408) 862-5585 CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple Updates MacBook with Latest Processors, Longer Battery Life &amp; New Rose Gold Finish Next PostNext Apple Celebrates Chinese Music with GarageBand Update Search Recent Posts iMobie PhoneRescue Now Restores Lost Data for Android Users with Highest Success Rate, Even Directly to Phones and Tablets Drilling Begins! Zion Oil & Gas Spuds Megiddo-Jezreel #1 Well Global Industrial Cartridge Valves Market Industry 2022 Forecast Report Mining Equipment -Market Demand, Growth, Opportunities and Analysis of Top Key Player Forecast To 2022 Hydraulic Bolt Tensioner Market Industry Global Size, Share, Trend & Forecast 2017-2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Club MacStoriesWeekly Extras MENU ABOUT PODCAST NEWSLETTER ADVERTISE SECTIONS APP REVIEWS IPAD DIARIES STORIES APPLE HISTORY IOS AUTOMATION GAMES Readdle Brings Split View Drag & Drop to Their iPad Apps iOS 11: iPad Wishes and Concept Video Things 3: Beauty and Delight in a Task Manager This week's sponsor Trails Your GPS Tracker and Logbook for iPhone & Apple Watch Trails is Your GPS Tracker and Logbook for iPhone & Apple Watch [Sponsor] By John Voorhees When you start your next outdoor adventure, make sure you bring along Trails. Trails is a GPS tracker and logbook that gathers statistics like altitude, ascent and descent, speed, pace, and duration. It also includes topographic maps available for offline use when you have no data connection. Soon, Trails will add a dashboard display with summary statistics and graphs of your activities using a customizable date range and with optional filtering by tags. Trails takes advantage of the latest Apple hardware and features like 3D Touch, Spotlight search for tracks and waypoints, Siri to start and end a trip, a Today Widget, and AirDrop sharing. In addition, with a Series 2 Apple Watch, you can start recordings, use it as a second screen to display live statistics, and gather heart rate and calorie data. Trails features a wide array of ways to export and share the data you collect like integration with Apple’s Health app, GPX export, the ability to upload to Trails.io to share your trips, like the hike through San Francisco embedded above, local WiFi sharing, and full database backups. You’re in full control of your data. You don't have to signup for anything to get started, your data isn’t uploaded anywhere without your permission, and there are no ads to get in the way. Trails has a special promotion for MacStories readers. Trail is giving away 10 one-year subscriptions to Trails Pro. Just enter your email address here by 9:00 pm US Eastern time on June 4, 2017. Winners will be selected randomly and be given a code that they can redeem for the one-year subscription by contacting the Trails team. Our thanks to Trails for sponsoring MacStories this week. Sign Up Unlock MacStories Extras Club MacStories offers exclusive access to extra MacStories content, delivered every week; it’s also a way to support us directly. Club MacStories will help you discover the best apps for your devices and get the most out of your iPhone, iPad, and Mac. Plus, it’s made in Italy. Starting at $5/month, with an annual option available. Join the Club. A Club MacStories membership includes: MacStories Weekly newsletter, delivered every week on Friday with app collections, tips, iOS workflows, and more; Monthly Log newsletter, delivered once every month with behind-the-scenes stories, app notes, personal journals, and more; Access to occasional giveaways, discounts, and free downloads. John Voorhees John joined MacStories in 2015. He is a regular contributor to MacStories and the Club MacStories newsletters, co-hosts AppStories, a weekly podcast exploring the world of apps, with Federico, and handles sponsorship sales for MacStories and AppStories. John is also the creator of Blink, an iTunes affiliate linking app for iOS. Twitter: @johnvoorhees | Email: voorhees@macstories.net ABOUT PODCAST NEWSLETTER ADVERTISE Code by Alessandro Vendruscolo | Design by Silvia Gatta | Hosted by MacStadium | Acknowledgements Copyright 2017 MacStories. All rights reserved. v4.3.7
Skip to content 512 Pixels About Projects Membership Sponsor RSS → Apple Honors JFK on 100th Anniversary of his Birth » May 29, 2017 ⌘ Permalink Apple: At Apple, we share the same vision of leadership through service, courage, innovation, and inclusion that guided John F. Kennedy’s presidency. Together with the JFK Library, we’ve curated a collection of learning materials and activities to help commemorate his centennial year and inspire the next generation of leaders. The page is full of free content about JFK, including a collection of media in iTunes, speeches and more. Nicely done. Post navigation ← Previous Post Next Post → RSS Sponsor: Balance Balance is a powerful menubar app for your money built by a team from Apple, Stripe and Ethereum. It was featured in the U.S. Mac App Store when it launched in February.     Become a Member I've been writing here for almost nine years, but the next decade of 512 Pixels requires your support. 512 Pixels is a blog written by Stephen Hackett about things that light up and make noise. Follow via RSS or Twitter. YouTube | Apple History |Archive | Contact Manage your account. copyright 2008-2017, Hackett Technical Media, LLC made with love in Memphis, Tennessee
Dear Visitor, Our system has found that you are using an ad-blocking browser add-on. We just wanted to let you know that our site content is, of course, available to you absolutely free of charge. Our ads are the only way we have to be able to bring you the latest high-quality content, which is written by professional journalists, with the help of editors, graphic designers, and our site production and I.T. staff, as well as many other talented people who work around the clock for this site. So, we ask you to add this site to your Ad Blocker’s "white list" or to simply disable your Ad Blocker while visiting this site. Continue on this site freely   HOME     MENU     SEARCH     NEWSLETTER     TECHNOLOGY, DISCOVERY & INNOVATION. UPDATED 8 MINUTES AGO. Home Computing Digital Life Discovery Space Innovation Health Science News Environment Automotive Tech You are here: Home / Tech Trends / Tech-World Battle: Digital Assistants Support every customer. Anytime. Anywhere. Build Apps 5x Faster For Half the Cost Enterprise Cloud Computing On Force.com Next Tech-World Battle Will Focus on Digital Assistants By Bob ODonnell PUBLISHED: MAY 29 2017 In case you hadn't noticed, the OS platform battle is over. Oh, and nobody really won, because basically all the big players did, depending on your perspective. Google has the largest number of people using Android, Apple generates the most income via iOS, and Windows still commands the workplace for Microsoft. But the stakes are getting much higher for the next looming battle in the tech world. This one will be based around digital assistants, such as Amazon's Alexa, Apple's Siri, Microsoft's Cortana and Google's Assistant (which is rolling out to iOS), among others. While much of the initial focus is, rightfully, around the voice-based computing capabilities of these assistants, I believe we're going to see these assistants expand into text-driven chatbots, AI-driven autonomous software helpers and, most importantly, de facto digital gateways that end up tying together a wide range of smart and connected devices. These digital assistants have the potential to completely devalue the underlying platforms on which they run. From smart homes to smart cars, as well as smartphones, PCs and wearables that span both our personal and professional lives, these digital assistants will (ideally) provide the consistent glue that brings together computing, services and much more across many disparate OS platforms. In short, they should be able to make our lives better organized, and our devices and services much easier to use. That's why these assistants are so strategically important, and why so many other companies - from Facebook to Samsung - are working on their own variations. Another fascinating aspect of these digital assistants is that they have the potential to completely devalue the underlying platforms on which they run. If I can use, say, Alexa across an iPhone, a Windows PC, my smart home components and a future connected car, where does the unique value of iOS or Windows 10 go? Out the door ... This overarching importance and distancing from different platforms is why I refer to these assistants as the preeminent example of a "meta-platform," something that provides the potential for expansion, via both APIs for new software development, and the connectivity of a regular platform, but at a layer "above" a traditional OS. With that thought in mind, it's interesting to look at recent data that Technalysis Research collected as part of a nearly 1,000-person survey of U.S. consumers on usage of digital assistants on smartphones, PCs and the hottest new entrant, smart speakers such as Amazon's Alexa and Google Home. As mentioned earlier, in their present incarnations, these digital assistants are primarily focused on voice-based computing and the kinds of applications that are best suited for simple voice-driven queries. To get a better sense of how these assistants are used, respondents were asked in separate questions how often (or even if) they used digital assistants on smart speakers (such as Amazon Echo), smartphones and PCs. The results were combined into the chart below: What's fascinating is that, even though the smart speaker category is relatively new (the Echo is less than two years old) and Siri, the first smartphone-based digital assistant, arrived in 2011, it's clear that people with access to a smart speaker like Echo (around 14 percent of U.S. households, according to the survey results) are using digital assistants significantly more than those with smartphones. If you want to be relevant in these early stages of the digital assistant battle, you need to have a dedicated smart speaker offering. While it's tempting to suggest that this may be due to the perceived accuracy of the different assistants, in a separate question about accuracy, the rankings for Alexa, Siri and Google's Assistant were nearly identical, meaning there was no one clear favorite. Instead, these results suggest that a dedicated-function device placed in a central location within a home simply invites more usage. Translation: If you want to be relevant in these early stages of the digital assistant battle, you need to have a dedicated smart speaker offering. Of course, the other challenge is that most people are now increasingly exposed to and use multiple digital assistants from multiple players. In fact, 56 percent of the respondents acknowledged that they at least occasionally (and some frequently) used multiple assistants, with differing degrees of comfort in making the switch between them. The largest single group, 26 percent, said they were loyal to and consistently used one assistant and ignored the others, but as competition in this area heats up, those loyalties are likely to be tested. Digital assistant technology has a long way to go, and their current usage patterns only provide some degree of insight into what their long-term capabilities will be. Nevertheless, it's clear that the meta-platform battle for digital assistants is going to have a significantly broader and longer-lasting impact than the OS platform battles of yore. That, by itself, will make them essential to watch and understand. © 2017 Re/Code under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved. Image credit: Microsoft. Read more on: Microsoft, Cortana, Apple, Siri, Google Home, Amazon, Alexa, Artificial Intelligence, Internet of Things Tell Us What You Think Comment: Name: TOP STORIES NOW 1. 1980 Letter Fueled Opioid Epidemic 2. Is Computer Glare Aging Your Skin? 3. Investors Pick Tesla Over GM 4. Alaska Space Biz Shows Signs of Life 5. Google Expands Paid Carpooling MAY INTEREST YOU Affordable car safety systems for ALL cars. See our backup cameras, accident prevention products, blind spot detection, parking sensors, and more, at Make My Car Safe. On sale now! MORE IN TECH TRENDS 1. Essential Home to Run All Assistants 2. MS Reboots Skype with New Features 3. Report: Smartphone Growth Slowing 4. Investors Pick Tesla Over GM 5. Nest Cameras Will Recognize You SCI-TECH TODAY Computing Digital Life Discovery Space Innovation Health Science News Environment Automotive Tech NEWSFACTOR NETWORK SITES Enterprise I.T. Sites: NewsFactor Technology News Enterprise Security Today CRM Daily Business & Innovation Sites: Sci-Tech Today NewsFactor Business Report NEWSFACTOR SERVICES About NewsFactor Network How To Advertise Free Newsletters How To Contact Us Services for PR Pros SEO Services Sponsored Content Services Article Reprints Top Tech Wire Privacy Policy Terms of Service © Copyright 2017 NewsFactor Network. All rights reserved. Member of Accuserve Ad Network.
Dear Visitor, Our system has found that you are using an ad-blocking browser add-on. We just wanted to let you know that our site content is, of course, available to you absolutely free of charge. Our ads are the only way we have to be able to bring you the latest high-quality content, which is written by professional journalists, with the help of editors, graphic designers, and our site production and I.T. staff, as well as many other talented people who work around the clock for this site. So, we ask you to add this site to your Ad Blocker’s "white list" or to simply disable your Ad Blocker while visiting this site. Continue on this site freely   HOME     MENU     SEARCH     NEWSLETTER     BUSINESS NEWS FOR TECHNOLOGY DECISION-MAKERS. UPDATED 8 MINUTES AGO. Home Business Briefing Mobile Industry News Automotive Tech Small Business Innovation E-Commerce Cybercrime Tech Trends Contributed Content You are here: Home / Mobile Tech / Tech-World Battle: Digital Assistants Support every customer. Anytime. Anywhere. Build Apps 5x Faster For Half the Cost Enterprise Cloud Computing On Force.com Next Tech-World Battle Will Focus on Digital Assistants By Bob ODonnell PUBLISHED: MAY 29 2017 In case you hadn't noticed, the OS platform battle is over. Oh, and nobody really won, because basically all the big players did, depending on your perspective. Google has the largest number of people using Android, Apple generates the most income via iOS, and Windows still commands the workplace for Microsoft. But the stakes are getting much higher for the next looming battle in the tech world. This one will be based around digital assistants, such as Amazon's Alexa, Apple's Siri, Microsoft's Cortana and Google's Assistant (which is rolling out to iOS), among others. While much of the initial focus is, rightfully, around the voice-based computing capabilities of these assistants, I believe we're going to see these assistants expand into text-driven chatbots, AI-driven autonomous software helpers and, most importantly, de facto digital gateways that end up tying together a wide range of smart and connected devices. These digital assistants have the potential to completely devalue the underlying platforms on which they run. From smart homes to smart cars, as well as smartphones, PCs and wearables that span both our personal and professional lives, these digital assistants will (ideally) provide the consistent glue that brings together computing, services and much more across many disparate OS platforms. In short, they should be able to make our lives better organized, and our devices and services much easier to use. That's why these assistants are so strategically important, and why so many other companies - from Facebook to Samsung - are working on their own variations. Another fascinating aspect of these digital assistants is that they have the potential to completely devalue the underlying platforms on which they run. If I can use, say, Alexa across an iPhone, a Windows PC, my smart home components and a future connected car, where does the unique value of iOS or Windows 10 go? Out the door ... This overarching importance and distancing from different platforms is why I refer to these assistants as the preeminent example of a "meta-platform," something that provides the potential for expansion, via both APIs for new software development, and the connectivity of a regular platform, but at a layer "above" a traditional OS. With that thought in mind, it's interesting to look at recent data that Technalysis Research collected as part of a nearly 1,000-person survey of U.S. consumers on usage of digital assistants on smartphones, PCs and the hottest new entrant, smart speakers such as Amazon's Alexa and Google Home. As mentioned earlier, in their present incarnations, these digital assistants are primarily focused on voice-based computing and the kinds of applications that are best suited for simple voice-driven queries. To get a better sense of how these assistants are used, respondents were asked in separate questions how often (or even if) they used digital assistants on smart speakers (such as Amazon Echo), smartphones and PCs. The results were combined into the chart below: What's fascinating is that, even though the smart speaker category is relatively new (the Echo is less than two years old) and Siri, the first smartphone-based digital assistant, arrived in 2011, it's clear that people with access to a smart speaker like Echo (around 14 percent of U.S. households, according to the survey results) are using digital assistants significantly more than those with smartphones. If you want to be relevant in these early stages of the digital assistant battle, you need to have a dedicated smart speaker offering. While it's tempting to suggest that this may be due to the perceived accuracy of the different assistants, in a separate question about accuracy, the rankings for Alexa, Siri and Google's Assistant were nearly identical, meaning there was no one clear favorite. Instead, these results suggest that a dedicated-function device placed in a central location within a home simply invites more usage. Translation: If you want to be relevant in these early stages of the digital assistant battle, you need to have a dedicated smart speaker offering. Of course, the other challenge is that most people are now increasingly exposed to and use multiple digital assistants from multiple players. In fact, 56 percent of the respondents acknowledged that they at least occasionally (and some frequently) used multiple assistants, with differing degrees of comfort in making the switch between them. The largest single group, 26 percent, said they were loyal to and consistently used one assistant and ignored the others, but as competition in this area heats up, those loyalties are likely to be tested. Digital assistant technology has a long way to go, and their current usage patterns only provide some degree of insight into what their long-term capabilities will be. Nevertheless, it's clear that the meta-platform battle for digital assistants is going to have a significantly broader and longer-lasting impact than the OS platform battles of yore. That, by itself, will make them essential to watch and understand. © 2017 Re/Code under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved. Image credit: Microsoft. Read more on: Microsoft, Cortana, Apple, Siri, Google Home, Amazon, Alexa, Artificial Intelligence, Internet of Things Tell Us What You Think Comment: Name: TOP STORIES NOW 1. Walmart Tests Delivery by Employees 2. MS Reboots Skype with New Features 3. Essential Home to Run All Assistants 4. OneLogin Hit by Massive Data Breach 5. France Warns of Cyberspace War MAY INTEREST YOU Affordable car safety systems for ALL cars. See our backup cameras, accident prevention products, blind spot detection, parking sensors, and more, at Make My Car Safe. On sale now! MORE IN MOBILE TECH 1. Adobe Scan: Docs into Editable PDFs 2. Report: Smartphone Growth Slowing 3. Win 10 To Run on Qualcomm Chips 4. Android Creator Intros New Phone 5. T-Mobile Debuts Digits 1-Number Svc NEWSFACTOR BUSINESS REPORT Business Briefing Mobile Industry News Automotive Tech Small Business Innovation E-Commerce Cybercrime Tech Trends Contributed Content NEWSFACTOR NETWORK SITES Enterprise I.T. Sites: NewsFactor Technology News Enterprise Security Today CRM Daily Business & Innovation Sites: Sci-Tech Today NewsFactor Business Report NEWSFACTOR SERVICES About NewsFactor Network How To Advertise Free Newsletters How To Contact Us Services for PR Pros SEO Services Sponsored Content Services Article Reprints Top Tech Wire Privacy Policy Terms of Service © Copyright 2017 NewsFactor Network. All rights reserved. Member of Accuserve Ad Network.
HOME LATEST NEWS NEWSLETTERS SEARCH   LATEST NEWS FOR SUNDAY JUNE 4 Hey Alexa, Take Me Out to the Ball Game and Buy Some Peanuts The Seattle Mariners baseball team and neighbor Amazon have partnered to put the Alexa voice-activated operating system in every suite at Safeco Field. It's the first partnership of its kind in pro sports. Microsoft Reboots Skype with New Features Skype is getting its biggest face-lift in years, ditching its light-blue theme for a customizable interface and features aimed at the way young people communicate, from emojis to daily recaps. Rubin: Essential Home Will Run Siri, Assistant and Alexa Adobe Scan Turns Any Physical Document into an Editable PDF More than 70% of Smartphone Apps Track Users, Study Finds Nest Wants Your Home Security Camera To Recognize You CLOSE   NEWS TOPICS LAPTOPS & TABLETS MOBILE PHONES MOBILE GADGETS MOBILE APPS MOBILE SECURITY BYOD & MDM MOBILE INDUSTRY NEWS WIRELESS CONNECTIVITY GPS & MAPS MTT CONTRIBUTED CONTENT TRENDING TOPICS APPLE SECURITY CYBERCRIME MICROSOFT GOOGLE DATA CENTERS ANDROID TELECOM MALWARE FREE NEWSLETTERS (NEW) News & Product Reviews for Mobile Tech Users MOBILE TECH TODAYCIO TODAYTOP TECH NEWSDATA STORAGE TODAY HOMELAPTOPS & TABLETSMOBILE PHONESMOBILE GADGETSMOBILE APPSMOBILE SECURITYBYOD & MDMMORE MORE ON THIS SITE: MOBILE INDUSTRY NEWS WIRELESS CONNECTIVITY GPS & MAPS MTT CONTRIBUTED CONTENT TRENDING TOPICS: Apple  ・  Security  ・  Cybercrime  ・  Microsoft  ・  Google  ・  Data Centers  ・  Android  ・  Telecom  ・  Malware MOBILE GADGETS Next Tech-World Battle Will Focus on Digital Assistants Posted May 29, 2017 EARLIER Some of Google's New Features Seem ... Familiar THIS STORY Next Tech-World Battle Will Focus on Digital Assistants LATER Appeals Court Strikes Down FAA Drone Registration Rule YOU ARE HERE:   HOME MOBILE GADGETS THIS STORY Support every customer. Anytime. Anywhere. NEWS OPS By Bob ODonnell. Updated May 29, 2017 10:43AM SHARE ALSO SEE Microsoft Cortana Apple Siri Google Home Amazon Alexa Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things In case you hadn't noticed, the OS platform battle is over. Oh, and nobody really won, because basically all the big players did, depending on your perspective. Google has the largest number of people using Android, Apple generates the most income via iOS, and Windows still commands the workplace for Microsoft. But the stakes are getting much higher for the next looming battle in the tech world. This one will be based around digital assistants, such as Amazon's Alexa, Apple's Siri, Microsoft's Cortana and Google's Assistant (which is rolling out to iOS), among others. While much of the initial focus is, rightfully, around the voice-based computing capabilities of these assistants, I believe we're going to see these assistants expand into text-driven chatbots, AI-driven autonomous software helpers and, most importantly, de facto digital gateways that end up tying together a wide range of smart and connected devices. These digital assistants have the potential to completely devalue the underlying platforms on which they run. From smart homes to smart cars, as well as smartphones, PCs and wearables that span both our personal and professional lives, these digital assistants will (ideally) provide the consistent glue that brings together computing, services and much more across many disparate OS platforms. In short, they should be able to make our lives better organized, and our devices and services much easier to use. That's why these assistants are so strategically important, and why so many other companies - from Facebook to Samsung - are working on their own variations. Another fascinating aspect of these digital assistants is that they have the potential to completely devalue the underlying platforms on which they run. If I can use, say, Alexa across an iPhone, a Windows PC, my smart home components and a future connected car , where does the unique value of iOS or Windows 10 go? Out the door ... This overarching importance and distancing from different platforms is why I refer to these assistants as the preeminent example of a "meta-platform," something that provides the potential for expansion, via both APIs for new software development, and the connectivity of a regular platform, but at a layer "above" a traditional OS. With that thought in mind, it's interesting to look at recent data that Technalysis Research collected as part of a nearly 1,000-person survey of U.S. consumers on usage of digital assistants on smartphones, PCs and the hottest new entrant, smart speakers such as Amazon's Alexa and Google Home. As mentioned earlier, in their present incarnations, these digital assistants are primarily focused on voice-based computing and the kinds of applications that are best suited for simple voice-driven queries. To get a better sense of how these assistants are used, respondents were asked in separate questions how often (or even if) they used digital assistants on smart speakers (such as Amazon Echo), smartphones and PCs. The results were combined into the chart below: What's fascinating is that, even though the smart speaker category is relatively new (the Echo is less than two years old) and Siri, the first smartphone-based digital assistant, arrived in 2011, it's clear that people with access to a smart speaker like Echo (around 14 percent of U.S. households, according to the survey results) are using digital assistants significantly more than those with smartphones. If you want to be relevant in these early stages of the digital assistant battle, you need to have a dedicated smart speaker offering. While it's tempting to suggest that this may be due to the perceived accuracy of the different assistants, in a separate question about accuracy, the rankings for Alexa, Siri and Google's Assistant were nearly identical, meaning there was no one clear favorite. Instead, these results suggest that a dedicated-function device placed in a central location within a home simply invites more usage. Translation: If you want to be relevant in these early stages of the digital assistant battle, you need to have a dedicated smart speaker offering. Of course, the other challenge is that most people are now increasingly exposed to and use multiple digital assistants from multiple players. In fact, 56 percent of the respondents acknowledged that they at least occasionally (and some frequently) used multiple assistants, with differing degrees of comfort in making the switch between them. The largest single group, 26 percent, said they were loyal to and consistently used one assistant and ignored the others, but as competition in this area heats up, those loyalties are likely to be tested. Digital assistant technology has a long way to go, and their current usage patterns only provide some degree of insight into what their long-term capabilities will be. Nevertheless, it's clear that the meta-platform battle for digital assistants is going to have a significantly broader and longer-lasting impact than the OS platform battles of yore. That, by itself, will make them essential to watch and understand. © 2017 Re/Code syndicated under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved. Image credit: Microsoft. Tell Us What You Think Comment: Name: Build Apps 5x Faster For Half the Cost Enterprise Cloud Computing On Force.com TOP OF THE NEWS SUNDAY JUNE 4 Hey Alexa, Take Me Out to the Ball Game and Buy Some Peanuts The Seattle Mariners baseball team and neighbor Amazon have partnered to put the Alexa voice-activated operating system in every suite at Safeco Field. It's the first partnership of its kind in pro sports. MS Reboots Skype with New Features   Essential Home to Run All Assistants   Adobe Scan: Docs into Editable PDFs   70% of Smartphone Apps Track Users   Affordable car safety systems for ALL cars. See our backup cameras, accident prevention products, blind spot detection, parking sensors, and more, at Make My Car Safe. On sale now! MORE IN MOBILE GADGETS Alexa: Take Me Out to the Ball Game Essential Home to Run All Assistants Nest Cameras Will Recognize You Fitness Trackers May Be Out of Step Drone Registration Rule Struck Down INSIDE MOBILE TECH TODAY NETWORK SITES SERVICES BENEFITS LAPTOPS & TABLETS MOBILE PHONES MOBILE GADGETS MOBILE APPS MOBILE SECURITY BYOD & MDM MOBILE INDUSTRY NEWS WIRELESS CONNECTIVITY GPS & MAPS MTT CONTRIBUTED CONTENT CIO TODAY TOP TECH NEWS MOBILE TECH TODAY DATA STORAGE TODAY NEWSFACTOR ENTERPRISE SECURITY TODAY SCI-TECH TODAY CRM DAILY ABOUT OUR NETWORK FREE NEWSLETTERS ARTICLE REPRINTS CONTACT US PRIVACY POLICY TERMS OF SERVICE ADVERTISE WITH US PUBLIC RELATIONS (PR) SERVICES (In Partnership with NewsFactor) SEO SERVICES SPONSORED CONTENT SERVICES News & Product Reviews for Mobile Tech Users Copyright 2017 CIO Today Network. All rights reserved. Member of Accuserve Ad Network.
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: U.S. Politics Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video COLUMN-In age of 'superstar firms,' index investing logic holds: James Saf... Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Market News | Mon May 29, 2017 | 1:14pm EDT COLUMN-In age of 'superstar firms,' index investing logic holds: James Saft (The opinions expressed here are those of the author, a columnist for Reuters) By James Saft May 29 Even in the age of “superstar firms,” the logic of index investing holds. New research details how a small number of companies - think Google, Amazon and Apple - have come to dominate their sectors, capturing a growing share of revenues and helping to create an economy featuring high corporate profits but a lower share of the pie for workers. Economists David Autor, David Dorn, Lawrence Katz, Christina Patterson and John Van Reenen find that industries have become more concentrated and while what they call “superstar firms” pay well, they make extraordinary profits. The net impact across the economy, perhaps as other firms struggle to compete, is that workers’ share of GDP falls. (economics.mit.edu/files/12979) Commentators have concentrated on the economic, social and policy implications of superstar firms but the investment ones are also interesting, and not obvious. While you might think that the trick to investing in an economy with a few winners and many also-rans is to identify the Amazons and buy them, this, of course, is much more easily done looking backward than looking forward. One problem is that the research finds that the concentration rises in industries with faster technological change. While fast technological change seems to bring big winners and concentration - see Facebook, it also brings with it the risk that companies will be supplanted by other technology in the future. Indeed, one of the named superstar firms is Wal-Mart, which as a mostly physical retailer is now seeing its own position hollowed out by the likes of Amazon. Or consider IBM, which surely would once have been thought of as a superstar but which now is notable more for its fondness for share buybacks than its strong returns as a stock. The reality is that a winner-take-all-society is a risky society, and that applies as much to investors as it does to college graduates or mid-career workers. It simply is not as simple as just figuring out who is 'winning' and climbing on board. A concentrated bet on superstar firms is very likely highly risky, not just in theory, as are all concentrated bets, but also in practice due to the rate of technological change. CAPTURING GROWING MARGINS VIA THE INDEX Index investing, in contrast, will allow investors to be exposed to the rising, or persistently high, corporate margins which are a feature of a more highly concentrated economy. In other words, and sadly, the wise bet may not be on Amazon or Facebook, per se, but against labor. While rising concentration and falling wages are new, it has long been a fact that the vast majority of the money made on the stock market comes via a tiny number of firms which skyrocket in value. Hendrik Bessembinder of Arizona State University calculated in a recent study that just 86 stocks have, over 90 years, accounted for $16 trillion in wealth creation, or about half the total of wealth created by the entire universe of companies over that period. The other 26,000 or so stocks created the other $16 trillion of wealth, but even that is a misleading guide to how well an individual stock might do. The top 1,000 stocks, or less than 4 percent of all companies traded over 86 years, account for all wealth creation. “The results also help to explain why active strategies, which tend to be poorly diversified, most often underperform,” Bessembinder wrote in a draft study updated in May. (here) It is notable too that superstar firms have risen, and wages fallen, during a period with rising globalization and a political and regulatory backdrop which allowed it to happen. It may well be that Google, Amazon and Facebook face new political and regulatory roadblocks to maintaining their position. This certainly is already true in China. So your choices boil down to these: 1 - Try to identify some of the 86 superstars in advance. Good luck with that. 2 - Buy stocks you think are among the 86 after they so prove and hope they hold their position. This strategy misses out on all of the gains these few superstar firms make before it dawns on you they’ve arrived. It also exposes you to huge risks that they are in turn supplanted. 3 - Buy a broad stock market index, including earlier-stage companies, and slowly build wealth by collecting the equity risk premium and allowing it to compound. The logic of choice 3 should hold as the balance between profits and labor evolves. (Editing by James Dalgleish) ) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Market News FOREX-Dollar nurses losses after downbeat US jobs data, pound edges lower * DXY skids to 7-month lows as nonfarm payrolls rise falls short CORRECTED-China's HNA to tap M&A brake after $50 bln deal splurge BEIJING, June 5 After two years of aggressive deal-making - from buying stakes in Deutsche Bank and Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc to taking over electronics distributor Ingram Micro - Chinese conglomerate HNA Group intends to slow the pace, or at least the size, of its acquisitions overseas. Finnair says its A350 deliveries getting back on track CANCUN, Mexico, June 4 Deliveries of A350 widebody jets, which have been hit by delays to cabin equipment, are getting much closer to their forecasted delivery dates, the chief executive of Finland's state-controlled carrier, Finnair, said on Sunday. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Pictures of the week Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE Foxconn Insider Leaks Details About iPhone 8, Apple Glasses, E-Ink Keyboard, Siri Speaker, More What We Expect Apple to Announce at WWDC 2017 Live Blog of Apple's 2017 WWDC Keynote Sonos Sale: $100 Off Sonos SUB, $50 Off Two PLAY:1 Speakers [Deal] The Robot Factory is Apple's Free 'App of the Week' [Download] iOS 11 Concept Features Updates to Siri, Control Center, Camera, Phone, More [Video] Google Hangouts Now Integrated With the Built-In Phone App on the iPhone Check Out This Gorgeous iPhone Pro Concept [Images] Adobe Releases Free 'Adobe Scan' OCR App for iOS [Download] Microsoft Introduces the Next Generation of Skype [Video] Drone Footage Shows Trees Inside Apple Park Cafe [Video] Apple Begins Decorating the McEnery Convention Center for WWDC 2017 [Photos] Apple Announces Swift Playgrounds Update With Support for Robots, Drones, and Musical Instruments Google Sheets for iOS Now Lets You Insert, Edit, and Change Chart Types Sony Prioritizes Apple CMOS Image Sensor Orders Plex Announces Support for Live TV [Video] Apple Announces Developer Earnings From the App Store Have Topped $70 Billion Apple Posts Three New 'Switch to iPhone' Ads [Video] LIKE   TWEET   SHARE   PIN   SHARE   POST MAIL MORE Posted May 29, 2017 at 4:47pm by iClarified · 6610 views · Translate Apple has posted three new 'Switch to iPhone' ads following the launch of a new webpage that aims to help Android users make the switch. The is the second installment of video ads posted to YouTube. Apple posted five similar ones last week. Check those out here. Security: Access to the latest updates keeps your iPhone secure. Life’s easier when you switch to iPhone. Smooth: We design the hardware and the software so your iPhone just works. Life’s easier when you switch to iPhone. Contacts: Switch to iPhone. The Move to iOS app makes it simple to move your contacts, photos, and more to iPhone. Follow iClarified Comments (3) Add Comment D4xM4Nx - May 30, 2017 at 6:33am Android phones get so slow over time... Fragmentation is a joke so support is non existent, the iPhone is the best smartphone out there. Period. Reply · Like · Mark as Spam Dill - May 29, 2017 at 9:04pm The glitchiness and speed of my first and last android phone is exactly how it's depicted here. I couldn't be any happier now being away from it. Reply · Like · Mark as Spam HonestTech - May 29, 2017 at 10:22pm Try a pixel Reply · Like · Mark as Spam Recent Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder News Tutorials Answers Wizards Search Comments Bookmarks Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified Send Us a Tip Contact Us Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder, News, Tutorials, Answers, Wizards, Search, Comments, Bookmarks, Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified, Send Us a Tip, Contact Us Copyright © iClarified. All rights reserved. Privacy. Content.
Apps iPhone Apps iPad Apps Mac Apps Apple TV Apps Apple Watch Apps The Best Apps Tutorials Jailbreak Jailbreak Tweaks Jailbreak Guide Unlock Guide Deals Latest Deals Devices iPhone iPad Mac Apple Watch Apple TV More Download Wallpapers iPhone Photography Expert Tips Podcasts Patent applications suggest Apple may be preparing to bring Apple Pay to India Christian Zibreg on May 29, 2017 9 Despite low buying power, India with its population of 1.32 billion people represents a massive marketing opportunity for the increasingly popular smartphone payment services. Small wonder that the Cupertino company now appears to be preparing to bring its own mobile payments service to its customers in India, said a new report. Apple Pay currently works in sixteen major markets. According to a BusinessStandard article, the iPhone maker has submitted at least five applications with the Indian Patent office over the past year, all related to its digital payments system. The patent applications range from using biometrics to authenticate payments to securely transferring payment to a device such as a point of sale device. While Indian law clearly states that software is intrinsically not patentable, exceptions exist for devices with software. If Apple’s patents are granted, Apple Pay could hurt homegrown digital payments firms such as Paytm, Mobikwik, Freecharge and several others. Samsung Pay launched in India in March 2017, while Google plans to bring Android Pay there later this year by anchoring the service to the government-backed Unified Payments Interface. Last week, Facebook made a patent application of its own with the Indian Patent office. It outlines a digital wallet service that would presumably be integrated into its popular Messenger and WhatsApp messaging services. Apple has been doubling down on the Services category as a way to boost sales of iPhones in India and elsewhere. Recently, the firm began assembling iPhone SE in Bangalore, in a facility run by its supplier Wistron, marking the first time the cupertino company has assembled any iPhone model in the country. Tagged: Apple Pay India Mobile Payment News Patent Rumors MORE FROM iDB Apple Pay could hit Ukraine in the second quarter of 2018 “Apple Cash” money transfer service and virtual prepaid cards due in 2017? Apple Pay could launch in Germany soon Aman kapoor About Damn Time. but as an Indian must say. it’ll be really hard for them to take over Paytm or mobikwik. not everyone here has credit cards. as far as I know. Apple Pay doesn’t support debit cards. most cad transactions require an OPT that is sent to the user via SMS. I don’t think apple will be able to fix that if they can manage to introduce Apple Pay and get rid of the OTP issue with debit cards, then that’ll be great Agneev Apple Pay does support debit cards. About the OTP thing, yes that’s not secure and a pain in the a*s. Abhinav Chaudhary I use debit card on my apple account. Srujan Mishra Apple Pay does support debit cards. About OTP, Apple can partner with major banks and completely bypass the OTP method for direct payment thru POS. It’s just like swiping your payment card – you don’t need an OTP to process a swipe transaction. In any case, your fingerprint authentication is more secure than OTP authentication. I’ve never been a fan of OTP authentication anyways. Agneev I swear to God, this post made my day. I love you Apple and you too, Tim! Abhijeet Gupta Thank you . Much needed. Luiz Claudio Eudes Corrêa I’m still waiting for Apple Pay launch in Brazil, any information or rumor about it? We already have (in a very limited way) Samsung Pay and will have Google Pay until the end for this year. 90% os Points of Sales here already support NFC payment, but almost no card have this here and Samsung Pay is very limited on what card it supports. Leopoldo Pereira Nothing! Since patience is a virtue, we, brazilians, can only hope for the best. Who knows at the end of this year. Fingers crossed! Ayo DocMkize We have been for Apple Pay to launch in South Africa for a about two years now. Android Pay is working now with one of the 4 big banks. Featured Latest Jailbreak tweaks of the week: Charge, TouchBar, & more… Halide, Clarity, Adobe Scan, and other apps to check out this weekend How to live stream WWDC 2017 on iPhone, iPad, Apple TV, Mac, Windows, and Android Daily Deals: 20% off PlayStation Plus membership, 10% off Uber gift card, and more Mad Max, Pulp Fiction and other iTunes movies on sale right now How to track your sleep using your iPhone and Apple Watch WWDC 2017 wallpapers and logo pack Jailbreak tweaks of the week: Charge, TouchBar, & more… WWDC 2017, rumors of Siri speaker, new Macs, and other top stories this week on iDB Apple to announce Siri support for larger variety of apps at WWDC Jailbreak News Jailbreak tweaks of the week: Charge, TouchBar, & more… New jailbreak tweak brings a MacBook Pro-style Touch Bar to your iPhone Hide stuff from your Lock screen with LSHiddenTools10 JailbreakersUnite: a new conference that aims to bring jailbreak community members together SaveBot lets you save videos from your timeline in Tweetbot Apps How to track your sleep using your iPhone and Apple Watch Apple to announce Siri support for larger variety of apps at WWDC Halide, Clarity, Adobe Scan, and other apps to check out this weekend Can Facebook win over the Snapchat audience with purported teen-centric Talk app? Apple’s free app of the week: The Robot Factory Accessories 10.5″ iPad Pro screen protector surfaces ahead of rumored WWDC announcement Nike’s new sneaker-matching Apple Watch bands now available for purchase Twelve South’s BookArc stand for Apple notebooks now available in Space Gray Apple’s begun manufacturing its Siri speaker ahead of WWDC Elgato debuts Eve Degree HomeKit sensor [video review] Deals Instant Snap-On Smart Wall Outlets for $16 Daily Burn: Premium Membership for $99 10-Ft MFi-Certified Lightning Cable: 3-Pack for $16 Newsletter Get updates directly into your inbox. Subscribe Download the iDB app About | Contact | Advertise | Disclosure | Privacy Policy 2017 © iDownloadBlog.com - This website is not affiliated with Apple. Home Apps Tutorials Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Downloads Wallpapers Accessories Deals Podcasts Write for iDB Contact Us
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 29 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Shenzhen KNY Battery Industrial Co.,Ltd Introduces Cordless Lithium-Ion Power Tools Batteries for Greenworks That Can Be Charged In Minutes without Any Negative Memory Effect The newly developed Lithium-Ion batteries can be charged in no time and give enough power to use a device to complete a task without any hindrance. Shenzhen KNY Battery Industrial Co.,Ltd specializes in designing and manufacturing powerful rechargeable batteries and chargers, which can be used in many practical applications. They have now introduced Lithium-Ion lawn more batteries that are perfect for greenwork and can be charged in minutes. According to the spokesperson of the company, the newly developed Cordless Lithium-ion power tools batteries are ideal for the busy people of the modern times. At the same time, people who travel frequently will find these batteries very useful for them. One can charge these batteries in a few minutes. The spokesperson reveals that in just a few minutes, the 4000mAh lithium-ion batteries can supply enough power for using a device and completing a necessary task. These batteries can be charged with no negative memory effects, and thus the peak power can be maintained even after hundreds of charging cycles. The company also brings After market Apple laptop batteries that are compatible with different MacBook Air models. These Li-polymer batteries are more suitable for powering Apple laptops and enjoy a power supply to keep using the laptops for hours without any trouble. With 35wh capacity, these batteries can provide enough power to a MacBook device. These are non-removable batteries with 7.3V voltage and can be charged very quickly to keep using the Apple Laptop to carry out any important task. Shenzhen KNY Battery Industrial Co.,Ltd also has a wide range of Portable power bank chargers in their stock. These power banks can be used in mobile phones, laptops, cars and USB powered devices. The 40000mAh Power bank is available in aluminum case with an LED screen. With a net weight of 820g, the power bank is available in a silver color compact case. The power bank ensures availability of power for different devices on the go and makes sure one can keep using his/her devices without any difficulty. One can learn more about the newly developed Lithium-Ion lawn more batteries and other products the company supplies by visiting the website: http://www.knytech.com About Shenzhen KNY Battery Industrial Co.,Ltd Shenzhen KNY Battery Industrial Co.,Ltd, established in 2005, is a high-tech manufacturing and trading combo for Li-ion and Li-Polymer batteries, including mobile batteries, digital camera batteries, Apple laptop batteries, power tool batteries and OEM battery packs. They also supply Power supply chargers, including backup battery charger, power tool chargers and power banks. Shenzhen KNY Battery Industrial Co.,Ltd is committed to provide professional, fast, patient sales. Their products are highly appraised by high-end and mid-end clients around the world.  Media Contact Company Name: Shenzhen KNY Battery Industrial Co.,Ltd Contact Person: Daisy Peng Email: sales@knytech.com Phone: +86-0755-82772785 City: Shenzhen Country: China Website: http://www.knytech.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Computers & Software, Electronics & Semiconductors, Marketing & Sales, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Heavy Duty Conveyor Belts 2017 Market Segmentation,Application,Technology & Market Analysis Research Report to 2022 Next PostNext The 2017 Streaming Awards Show Opens for Nominations Search Recent Posts iMobie PhoneRescue Now Restores Lost Data for Android Users with Highest Success Rate, Even Directly to Phones and Tablets Drilling Begins! Zion Oil & Gas Spuds Megiddo-Jezreel #1 Well Global Industrial Cartridge Valves Market Industry 2022 Forecast Report Mining Equipment -Market Demand, Growth, Opportunities and Analysis of Top Key Player Forecast To 2022 Hydraulic Bolt Tensioner Market Industry Global Size, Share, Trend & Forecast 2017-2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
