Skip to search. New user? Register Sign in Help Make Yahoo7 My Homepage Mail My Yahoo7 Yahoo7 Yahoo Finance Search Search web HOME NEWS & OPINION TAX TIME 2016 INVESTING Market Stats Currencies Online Trading Education MY PORTFOLIOS Sign in to access your portfolios PERSONAL FINANCE Money Manager Videos Experts Tips & Tools Real Estate Investing Fame & Fortune Forums Photos VIDEO Expert Opinion Australian Dollar Top Stories Stock Market Columnists Currencies Companies Video Search for share prices Tip : Use comma (,) to separate multiple quotes. Learn more... Finance Search Tue, Jan 3, 2017, 2:17 PM AEDT - Australia Markets close in 1 hr 43 mins The wearables market outlook for 2017 is not prettyBy Daniel Roberts | Yahoo Finance – Fri, Dec 30, 2016 12:00 AM AEDT Recommend 0 Tweet 0 Share0 Print Companies: Apple Inc. Fitbit, Inc. Alphabet Inc. RELATED QUOTES Symbol Price Change AAPL 115.82 0.00 FIT 7.32 -0.080 GOOG 771.82 0.00 GPRO 8.71 0.00 Related Content View Photo The wearables market outlook for 2017 is not pretty Are you in the market for a $400 smartwatch that needs to be in range of your smartphone for most of its features to work? If not, you are part of the reason the market for wearables, an umbrella term that typically encompasses smartwatches and fitness trackers, has struggled to fully take off. The third quarter, ending in October, was especially unkind to Apple Watch sales. Apple (AAPL) shipped about 1 million Apple Watches in the quarter, according to research firm IDC, a 70% drop compared to the year before. Apple was in fact the only manufacturer to lose market share in wearables in the quarter. Also read: Wearable tech market bursting at the seams: survey Apple CEO Tim Cook told Reuters that things are looking up for the end of the year, and that the fourth quarter will be the “best quarter ever for Apple Watch” thanks to the holidays and the release of the Series 2. Fitbit, on the other hand, has forecast a weaker holiday season than expected, even amidst double-digit growth for fitness trackers in the third quarter. And Pebble, a once-hot smartwatch that grabbed headlines for raising $10 million via Kickstarter, unceremoniously sold itself to Fitbit this month. Fitbit (FIT) only wants the “software assets” and will discontinue the Pebble hardware. Make no mistake: The short-term future for the entire $20 billion wearables market is not sunny unless the leading manufacturers innovate, and fast. Also read: Android smart watches get in time with iPhone Common complaints about smartwatches Those consumers who have held off on buying a smartwatch or fitness tracker thus far tend to have one of three complaints, says Ramon Llamas, wearables researcher for IDC. Many watches must be in range of a smartphone. Llamas points to Samsung’s Gear S2 watch as a rare exception. Indeed, this is one of the big limitations with the new Nike+ Apple Watch Series 2: many of its most exciting features only work when your iPhone is nearby, which defeats the purpose of running with the watch in place of your phone. Where are the apps? In too many instances, the apps that come loaded onto smartwatches are just modified versions of smartphone apps. “I go back to smartphones, years ago,” Llamas says, “when I would say, You can’t just take your PC apps and shoehorn them into the smartphone. And that’s what’s happening over here.” Many people are bullish on smartwatches for the entertainment, shopping, and social networking possibilities. But the great apps for these purposes haven’t manifested yet. There’s still a style hurdle. “People want their watch to look like a watch,” Llamas says. Many consumers IDC has surveyed say they’d be interested in a smartwatch for the tech capabilities, but aren’t ready to replace their traditional everyday watch with something that looks like a tech device. (This is my own complaint as well.) A note of optimism “Wearables are dead,” declared Business Insider last week, pointing to the Pebble sale, the delay of Google’s next Android Wear smartwatch, and Motorola halting its smartwatch plans as evidence. Not so fast, says IDC. “The market has taken baby steps,” says Llamas. “But I’m not forecasting doom and gloom.” The third quarter was a time of “out-of-cycle refreshment,” he says, chalking it up to “growing pains.” Many have suggested that wearable devices may have been a short-lived fad all along. If you include wearable camera maker GoPro under the wearables umbrella, you have another example; its sales have dropped and its stock (GPRO) is down 49% this year. Fitbit, despite market share gains, is down 74% this year. But it would only be a fad, Llamas argues, “if what we have now is the end all, be all in wearables.” All of the major wearable makers know they must innovate and update. “This market is going to continue to change, and it’s changing in the right direction,” Llamas says. “I have to preach patience here.” Apple still has the biggest piece of the smartwatch market in the US, though Samsung is very close behind. But if you expand the pie to all “wearables,” Fitbit is No. 1, then Samsung, then Garmin, and Apple is in fourth. In the global wearables market, China’s Xiaomi, maker of the Mi Band, pops up at No. 2   It makes sense that Apple would only be fourth when the pool includes Fitbit; Apple only makes smartwatches. It is also a reminder that the term “wearables” is so broad as to include two types of devices that perhaps should not be lumped together: smartwatches and fitness trackers. If Tim Cook’s big promises about the holiday season prove true and the Apple Watch Series 2 is a hit, the Apple Watch’s weak third quarter will be forgotten. But Apple can’t keep cruising in smartwatches if it only sells them at Christmas. Its future versions will need to address those three popular complaints in order to convert the skeptics. Daniel Roberts is a writer at Yahoo Finance, covering sports business and technology. Follow him on Twitter at @readDanwrite.     @y7finance on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook Related Headlines It’s Aye, Robot, as Driverless Cars Finally Steer Near Showrooms - @ Bloomberg New Galaxy S8 Leak Suggests Samsung Vs Microsoft Battle - @ Forbes The 5 tech trends that will dominate CES and 2017 - @ MarketWatch 10 things you should NOT buy in 2017 - @ MarketWatch Eight Ways 'Pokémon GO' Must Evolve In 2017 - @ Forbes Top Stories » Home prices jumped 10.9% in 2016AAP Home prices in Australia's capital cities rose 10.9 per cent in 2016, their biggest annual jump in seven years. … ANZ selling Chinese bank stake for $1.84bnAAP Scammers demanding gift cards or bitcoinAAP ANZ offloads Shanghai bank stakeAFP Sponsored  Market Data Currencies Currencies Name Price Change % Chg AUD / USD 0.7226 +0.003 +0.41% AUD/USD AUD / GBP 0.5874 +0.0016 +0.27% AUD/GBP AUD / EUR 0.6895 +0.0023 +0.33% AUD/EUR Go To Currency Converter » On This Site HOME NEWS & OPINION TAX TIME 2016 INVESTING MY PORTFOLIOS PERSONAL FINANCE VIDEO Expert Opinion ALSO ON YAHOO7 Mail Stocks & Shares Forum Meet Single Women Meet Single Men TV Guide Easy Recipe Ideas Go Travelling Tips To Great Sex Breaking News Find Your Dream Car Weather Forecast Find A Job All Yahoo7 Services » Trending Now Margot Robbie Car Insurance Test cricket Gabba Free iTunes download Donald Trump Gumtree Aussie weather Gold Coast accommodation Aleppo Cairns Accommodation Help / Suggestions Privacy Terms Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges. Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page. Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein. Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ. Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI). International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc. Yahoo7 News Network
null
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « TSMC Refutes DigiTimes Report that their 10nm is Experiencing Yield Problems for Apple's iPad Pro | Main | Retiring Lead Lawyer in the 2012 Apple v. Samsung Trial says that Apple is One of the Most Important Companies in the U.S. » December 28, 2016 Some AirPod Customers are now Experiencing Wonky Charging Case Problems   Earlier this month Patently Apple posted a report titled "Frustration and Anger over the AirPods Delay Continue to Spill over to General Anger Aimed at Apple." After the report Apple put out a press release that we covered but we noticed that in most countries the shipping date was still 6 weeks. Most Apple fans could not get the AirPods for Christmas. A lot of lucky people did. But now we have to wonder if Apple rushed production because there are some reports beginning to surface that there is a charging problem. Something Apple doesn't need right now fighting off bad MacBook Pro reviews about poor battery life and iPhone 6s models having battery drainage problems.   MacRumors reported earlier today that "Some AirPods Users Facing Battery Drain Issues With Charging Case."   Ther report notes that "After the AirPods launched online and then arrived to the first set of customers earlier in December, some users have begun realizing that the charging case that comes with the headphones isn't holding Apple's advertised 24 hours of charge. In theory, the charging case should only lose noticeable amounts of charge when the AirPods are low on battery and recharging within the case, and when users flip the pack open to check battery levels or otherwise activate Bluetooth with a connected Apple device.   The unlucky set of users facing the battery issues, however, are noticing that the AirPods case drains by upwards of 40 percent in mere hours, with the AirPods at 100 percent inside and minimal Bluetooth activation. For more on this, read the full report here.   At present there are more questions than answers. Is this an easily fixable problem with a software update? Is this a rare occurance being amplified for the sake of creating news? Is it the beginning of a more widespread problem?   If an Apple fan has a legitimate AirPods problem send in your comment below. If you own AirPods and don't have this problem please send in your feedback as well.   As of 3:30 pm MacRumors has not added any updates.   About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.         Posted by Jack Purcher on December 28, 2016 at 04:38 PM in 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports | Permalink Comments Verify your Comment Previewing your Comment Posted by:  |  This is only a preview. Your comment has not yet been posted. Your comment could not be posted. Error type: Your comment has been saved. Comments are moderated and will not appear until approved by the author. Post another comment The letters and numbers you entered did not match the image. Please try again. As a final step before posting your comment, enter the letters and numbers you see in the image below. This prevents automated programs from posting comments. Having trouble reading this image? View an alternate. Post a comment Comments are moderated, and will not appear until the author has approved them. Comment below or sign in with Typepad Facebook TwitterGoogle+and more... You are currently signed in as (nobody). Sign Out (You can use HTML tags like <b> <i> and <ul> to style your text. URLs automatically linked.) Your Information (Name is required. Email address will not be displayed with the comment.) Name is required to post a comment Please enter a valid email address Invalid URL Please enable JavaScript if you would like to comment on this blog. Search Recent Posts Note7 Probe Results due this Month While Samsung Admits that Growth will lag in 2017 Due to Tough Competition Apple's Chief Israeli Officer Appointed to Run the Israeli Government's 'Innovation Authority' Apple Partnered with Photographers to Capture New Year's Celebrations from around the World on iPhone 7 Apple's Normal Order Management after Christmas seems to have Falsely Alarmed Seasoned News Sites Foxconn Reaching Full Robotic Production Automation for All-in-One PC's and Advancing to other Products every Year Production of Apple's AirPods goes into High Gear in Multiple Shanghai Plants to Meet Consumer Demand Family Sues Apple for not using a patented iOS Feature Designed to shut Off Certain Apps while Driving In Apple's Wearable Device Universe you'll one day wear a Mini iPhone, iPod or Medical Device on your Wrist Apple Advances the Concept of the Apple Watch's Digital Crown Coming to all iDevices eventually Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports 6. Patently Xtra News 7. Snap News 8. Apple-IBM MobileFirst 9. Apple Events & Financial Related Accessories Apple & Market Statistics Apple - Macs Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple iTunes / Apple Music Apple Pay, iWallet, NFC Related Apple Pencil - Smart Pen Apple Store Apple Watch + Other Wearables AppleTV Related Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible, Foldable Facial Recognition & 3D Related Future Interfaces Green Technology Haptics & Tactile iBeacon News + Inductive, Wireless Charging Liquid Metal Location Related, Indoor Mapping Maps Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Reports Projection Related Security Related Smart Bezels + Social Networking Software + OS Solar Energy Sports Related Travel Related Vehicle Related Videos Videos (Reports with) See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
Search About Us Advertise Connect with Us facebook twitter youtube Menu News Weather People Celebrations Schools Edgewood Shades Cahaba Hall-Kent HMS HHS Private Schools Sports Businesses Restaurants Women of Homewood Columns Mayor's Minute Lauren Denton Editor's Perspective Letters to the Editor Calendar Videos About Us Our Staff Advertise News and Awards Weather Home News A look ahead at 2017: Hollywood pedestrian bridge A look ahead at 2017: Hollywood pedestrian bridge by SYDNEY CROMWELL December 28, 2016 5:40 PM Back to Search Results RSS Print × Expand Sydney Cromwell Hollywood Pedestrian Bridge Mike Kaczorowski explains the APPLE study process to the special issues committee. In November, the City Council revived discussion of pedestrian access to the Hollywood Boulevard bridge over U.S. 280. Mike Kaczorowski of the Regional Planning Commission of Greater Birmingham presented an option to use an APPLE (Advanced Planning, Programming and Logical Engineering) grant to conduct an engineering and feasibility study of solutions to improve both vehicle and pedestrian use of the bridge. The APPLE Grant, administered by the Metropolitan Planning Organization, will assess existing conditions, rights-of-way and utilities, as well as develop design concepts for the project, up to $60,000. The city requesting the study must pay 20 percent of the cost. “It helps cities feel better about getting a big federal project,” Kaczorowski said. Ward 5 Rep. Jennifer Andress said the Mountain Brook City Council is willing to help with the project and already has approved paying half of the 20 percent fee.  This would leave Homewood paying up to $6,000 for the study. Homewood is taking the lead in requesting the APPLE grant because Mountain Brook already has other APPLE grant projects in motion. After meeting with ALDOT and former district Rep. David Faulkner, Andress said she thinks the right approach is to treat the bridge as a traffic issue rather than a safety issue. “I think this could be a huge regional success,” Andress said. The scope of the study will extend from Malaga Avenue in Homewood to Mountain Brook Village. Kaczorowski said the APPLE study will take nine months, so potential solutions could be available by summer.  Kaczorowski said the firm that conducts the study can provide options with and without the use of federal money, in case Homewood and Mountain Brook want to use local funds to move the project more quickly. Andress added that ALDOT may be able to provide some funds for construction as well. One issue that will have to be addressed is working around the cemetery near the bridge. Options for that can also be included in the study. If the results of the study provide an obvious solution that both cities agree on, Kaczorowski said construction could begin as soon as fall. The full council approved funding the APPLE study on Nov. 28. Tags Pedestrian Bridge Sidewalks Hollywood by SYDNEY CROMWELL December 28, 2016 5:40 PM Upcoming Events Teen Anime Club Jan 3, 2017 6:00 PM Homewood Public Library Birmingham Ukulele Society Jan 3, 2017 6:00 PM - 8:00 PM Homewood Musical Instrument Company How to Hunt for a Job Jan 3, 2017 7:00 PM - 8:00 PM Homewood Public Library Let's Dish Cookbook Club: Healthy Favorites Jan 5, 2017 6:30 PM Homewood Public Library TGIF Bingo Jan 6, 2017 3:30 PM Homewood Public Library Spanish Enrichment Program Jan 7, 2017 10:30 AM Homewood Public Library Color & Coffee Jan 7, 2017 12:00 PM - 2:00 PM Homewood Public Library Alonzo King LINES Ballet Jan 7, 2017 8:00 PM - 10:00 PM Alys Stephens Center Alonzo King LINES Ballet Jan 8, 2017 2:00 PM - 3:00 PM Alys Stephens Center Slow Your Roll Jan 8, 2017 3:45 PM - 6:00 PM Seeds Coffee Co. Submit Yours View Past Issues News Weather People Celebrations Schools Edgewood Shades Cahaba Hall-Kent HMS HHS Private Schools Sports Businesses Restaurants Women of Homewood Columns Mayor's Minute Lauren Denton Editor's Perspective Letters to the Editor Calendar Videos About Us Our Staff Advertise News and Awards Weather About Us Advertise The Homewood Star LLC Built with Metro Publisher™
null
Skip to content SAT Press Releases pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Submit the press release Our Team & Contact Posted on December 28, 2016December 28, 2016 by Monika Donimirska Facebook, Inc. Crushes Top Apps of 2016 List In a new report from consumer research company Nielsen , Facebook ‘s(NASDAQ: FB) dominance stands out in a list of 2016’s most popular mobile apps in the U.S. But the list also highlights some key takeaways about Alphabet (NASDAQ: GOOG) (NASDAQ: GOOGL) , Amazon.com (NASDAQ: AMZN) , and Apple (NASDAQ: AAPL) . Here’s a look at the Nielsen’s top 10 apps of 2016, along with four observations. Image source: Getty Images. Facebook Facebook Messenger YouTube Google Maps Google Search Google Play Gmail Instagram Apple Music Amazon App Facebook is crushing it In line with Facebook’s recent impressive global growth in monthly active users, the world’s largest social network’s user base continued to grow handsomely in the company’s home U.S. market. Facebook’s average monthly active users (MAUs) in the U.S. during 2016 increased 14%, according to Nielsen. Facebook’s Messenger also performed exceptionally, raking in 28% year-over-year growth and coming in second only to Facebook’s own native app. Messenger’s success follows a year of big investments in the messaging app, including live video, messaging bots, and business integrations. Messenger’s 28% growth in U.S. MAUs doesn’t necessarily come as a surprise, considering Facebook’s global Messenger MAUs increased from 700 million in the third quarter of 2015 to over 1 billion by July. Instagram. Image source: Instagram. And Facebook’s Instagram was a smash hit in 2016, too. Coming in at number eight on Nielsen’s list, the photo- and video-sharing app saw its U.S. MAUs increase 36%. Further, not only was Facebook’s growth notable, but both Facebook and Messenger’s 146 million MAUs and 130 million MAUs, respectively, were still well ahead of third-place YouTube’s 114 million MAUs. Alphabet is succeeding on numerous fronts Google parent company Alphabet continues to shine in terms of the quantity of Google-branded apps making it into Nielsen’s top 10, highlighting Alphabet’s robust ecosystem of apps for simultaneously serving its customers and generating data for its advertisers. Alphabet’s YouTube, Google Maps, Google Search, Google Play, and Gmail all made Nielsen’s top-10 list. Apple Music remains a key player in streaming music While streaming music company Spotify continues to outperform Apple Music when it comes to paying members across the globe, Apple Music is winning in the U.S. when it comes to unique monthly visitors to the streaming music app. In a nod to the continued success of Apple’s streaming music service, Apple Music was number nine on Nielsen’s list, clocking a notable 20% year-over-year uptick in monthly active users. Spotify didn’t make the list. This data reflects recent updates about Apple Music from the tech giant. The streaming service’s paying subscribers recently surpassed 20 million, Apple said earlier this month. This is up considerably from 10 million in January. Amazon mobile app. Image source: Amazon. Amazon’s soaring growth puts it in the top 10 Thanks to its monstrous 43% growth in monthly active users, Amazon’s shopping app made a surprising entrance to Nielsen’s top-10 list this year. The app’s inclusion in Nielsen’s top 10 apps shows how successfully the company has been riding the e-commerce wave in the wake of rising mobile adoption. Amazon’s own data about global usage of its shopping app during the peak holiday season points to a similar trend. Shopping on the company’s free mobile Amazon app increased by 56% during this important period, according to an update from the company this week. These observations reinforce how Facebook, Alphabet, Apple, and Amazon consistently earn customer attention. Find out why Facebookis one of the 10 best stocks to buy now Motley Fool co-founders Tom and David Gardner have spent more than a decade beating the market. (In fact, the newsletter they run, Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has tripled the market!*) Tom and David just revealed their ten top stock picks for investors to buy right now. Facebook is on the list — but there are nine others you may be overlooking. Click here to get access to the full list! *Stock Advisor returns as of November 7, 2016 Suzanne Frey, an executive at Alphabet, is a member of The Motley Fool’s board of directors. Daniel Sparks owns shares of Apple and Facebook. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Alphabet (A shares), Alphabet (C shares), Amazon.com, Apple, and Facebook. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days . We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy . The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc. CategoriessatPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Close Update: Profit-Taking Accelerates as Year-End Comes Into Focus Next PostNext Mortgage Rates Rise As Pending-Home Sales Decline in November Search Search for: Search Submit the press release now! Recent Posts NOAA GOES-R satellite black wing ready for flight January 3, 2017 Whale of a target: Harpooning space debris January 3, 2017 NOAA’s GOES-R satellite Magnetometer ready for spacecraft integration January 3, 2017 Satellite galaxies put astronomers in a spin January 3, 2017 World’s first ZigBee-based inter-satellite comms system January 3, 2017 Proudly powered by WordPress
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Jan 02, 10:17 PM EST Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology Apple Stock Price: Research Shows Fund Managers Think Company May Underperform In 2017 By AJ Dellinger On 12/28/16 AT 6:18 PM Close Now may be a good time to ditch your shares of Apple. According to an analysis published by investment bank UBS, financial experts around the world are indicating they may think Apple is going to underperform its expectations, according to a report from Business Insider. The research from UBS found fund managers at a number of firms are underweighting Apple’s stock, holding a lower percentage of the company in their portfolios than Apple’s overall weighting in most index funds. This typically happens when investors believe a stock is going to underperform the market. The lack of faith from fund managers may come as a slight surprise given many financial firms are relatively high on Apple. Its stock sits at just below $117, and analysts including Citi, Cowen, BMO, Longbow, and a number of others all have marked the Cupertino company to improve its position over the next 12 months, according to data from Markets Insider. Fund managers were hurt in the past by underweighting their hold in Apple stocks; a report from Morningstar indicated funds that underweighted Apple compared to broader market indexes in 2014 were the most likely to underperform their peers. Related Stories Apple Stock Price Falls Amid Nude Photo iCloud Hack Scandal Wells Fargo Downgrades Apple Stock However, Apple is coming off a somewhat difficult year for the company. It suffered its first sales decline in 15 years when it reported its earnings in October, and its new MacBook Pro was panned by some critics and not recommended by Consumer Reports following a number of tests that found failures with its battery. Apple also suffered its first considerable consumer failure in some time with the Apple Watch, which saw a steady drop off in sales following its initial availability. The wearable was down 71 percent in sales during the third quarter of 2016 compared to the same period in 2015, according to a report from the International Data Corporation. The company caused controversy when it ditched the headphone jack on its iPhone 7, forcing users to adopt wireless headsets or start using adapters that limited the phone’s ability. While the change may not have been as damaging as some thought, it wasn’t alleviated by the ongoing delays to Apple’s own wireless AirPods. Despite its numerous struggles throughout 2016 that may indicate a stock drop in 2017, Apple did manage to finish the year on a strong note, topping all other tech manufacturers in new devices activated during the holiday season. Join the Discussion Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Business Samsung To Release Note 7 Probe Results Soon The South Korean company will reportedly make public the results of its investigation into the Note 7 battery fiasco before the end of January. Technology HTC Ocean Note Will Be Called U Ultra The HTC U Ultra is said to come with a 6-inch display and will be revealed on Jan. 12. World American Survived Istanbul Attack By 'Playing Dead' William Jacob Raak took a bullet and remained in place as a rampage went on around him. National Lake Erie Plane Crash Victim Was College Student Megan Casey was returning home with her family after seeing an NBA game when the plane she was flying in disappeared. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish Apple’s CEO Calls AirPods A ‘Runaway Success’ By Tyler Lee on 12/28/2016 15:13 PST Despite being pretty expensive considering what they are, and to a certain extent how ridiculous they look, it seems that Apple’s wireless AirPods headphones are a success. Or at least that’s what Apple’s CEO Tim Cook wants us to believe when he told a reporter from CNBC that the headphones were considered a “runaway success”. The reporter had asked Cook about the shortage of the AirPods, in which Cook responded by saying that the headphones were a success and that Apple was trying to get new units made as quickly as possible. So far it seems that despite their relatively hefty price tag, the devices have been sold out and according to Apple’s website, customers will have to wait as long as 6 weeks before their orders are sent to them. If you reckon that you can’t afford to wait 6 weeks, there are plenty of wireless headphones out there at the moment. If there is one advantage the AirPods have is that they’re small, lightweight, and thanks to its W1 chipset, it pairs with the iPhone much quicker and easier compared to most Bluetooth devices. However if you don’t think it’s worth the $159, like we said, the wireless headphone market is pretty vast and there are plenty of alternatives out there for you with a similar, if not possibly cheaper, price tag. Filed in Apple >Audio >Gadgets. Read more about AirPods and Headphones. Related Articles 2016-12-30 AirPods Maker To Expand Production To Meet Demand 2016-12-28 Some AirPods Charging Cases Are Experiencing Battery Drain 2016-12-21 Fear Losing Your AirPods? This Guy Has It All Figured Out 2016-12-21 AirPods Teardown Reveals Potential Reason Why It Was Delayed 2016-12-15 Apple To Charge For AirPods Battery Service Even Under Warranty 2016-12-12 AirPods Could Finally See A Release Before Christmas Apple To Charge For AirPods Battery Service Even Under Warranty Original Unopened First-Gen iPod Spotted On eBay For $200,000 Technical Issues Could Be The Reason Behind Apple’s AirPods Delay iPhone 7 Plus VS $50,000 RED Weapon Camera Apple’s Palo Alto Store Damaged From Overnight Hit-And-Run Burglary Consortium Formed Over Fears Of Apple Monopolizing AMOLED Foxconn Exec Faces 10 Years In Jail For Stealing 5,700 iPhones Apple Explains Why The iPhone 6s Batteries Degrade Faster User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Apple, Inc.'s AirPods Are a "Runaway Success" But does it matter? Daniel Sparks (TMFDanielSparks) Dec 28, 2016 at 5:32PM In a visit to the New York Stock Exchange with his nephew on Wednesday, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) CEO Tim Cook unsurprisingly had a difficult time avoiding the media. While he refrained from providing any updates on the company, he did say the company's AirPods have been a "runaway success," according to a CNBC tweet. AirPods. Image source: Apple. After they finally launched on Dec. 13, over three months after they were first unveiled, the company quickly sold out of them. Based on Cook's comments on Wednesday, high demand seems to be at least part of the reason. Cook says the company is making AirPods as fast as it can, as Apple aims to catch production up with demand. The company's website currently says customers who order in the U.S. today will have to wait six weeks before their AirPods ship. Does it matter? The apparent success of Apple's AirPods probably won't have a meaningful impact on the tech giant's financial results, even if Apple were to catch supply up to demand. With over $200 billion in annual revenue, it's unlikely the $159 product can materially affect results -- especially early in its product life cycle. For perspective, AirPods cost only a fraction of the company's average selling price for its iPhones of about $619 -- and Apple is selling over 200 million iPhones per year. Daniel Sparks owns shares of Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Daniel Sparks (TMFDanielSparks) Daniel Sparks is a senior technology specialist at The Motley Fool. He served in the U.S. Army on active duty and graduated with an MBA from Colorado State University. Follow @danielsparks Article Info Dec 28, 2016 at 5:32PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $115.75 down $0.98 (-0.84%) Read More If You Doubt Apple, Inc.'s Interest in Cars, Think Again Apple, Inc. Had a Merry Christmas How Risky is Apple Inc. Stock? These 3 Tech Stocks Are Ridiculously Cheap What Ever Happened to Apple iBeacons? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current themotleyfool Apple, Inc.'s AirPods Are a "Runaway Success" #stocks $AAPL
Hot Topics: ETFs | Smart Portfolio | Currencies | Online Broker Center   Our Businesses Tech Differentiate With Technology Trade Trade Multiple Asset Classes Track Track the Markets Intel Leverage Actionable Intelligence List Access Capital Listing Center Discover Discover Nasdaq Nasdaq Blog 2016 CNBC Disruptor 50 Learn more about the CNBC Disruptor 50 Quotes Quotes Quotes & Research Flash Quotes InfoQuotes Summary Quotes Real-time Quotes Extended Trading Options Trading Center Historical Quotes Charts Basic Charts Interactive Charts Companies Company News Press Releases Market Stream Company List Nasdaq Companies Stock Analysis Analyst Research Guru Analysis Stock Reports Competitors Fundamentals Financials Revenue/EPS SEC Filings Short Interest Dividend History Holdings Ownership Summary Institutional Holdings Insiders Form 4 Markets Extended Hours Pre-Market Activity After Hours Activity Stocks Most Active Unusual Volume 52 Week High/Low Upcoming Splits New SEC Filings IPO Summary Earnings Calendar Dividend Stocks Sector Analysis Commodities Gold Oil Analyst Activity Upgrades/Downgrades Forecast Changes Earning Surprises Indices Major Stock Indices Market Sector Indices Statistical Milestones Global Markets News Company News Market Headlines Market Stream Economic Calendar Business Video Technology News Featured Article Fast-Food Stocks: What to Watch in 2017 Expect more change in the industry Investing How to Invest Investing Basics Broker Comparison Glossary Stocks Mutual Funds Investing Tools Stock Screener Guru Screener   Financial Advisor Center Advanced Investing ETFs Forex Forex Broker Comparison Wealth Management Options Bonds Personal Finance Retirement Real Estate Banking Insurance Saving Money Taxes Investments Small Business Featured Article 7 Resolutions to Make If You Want to Get Rich Add more cash in your wallet in 2017 My Nasdaq Stock Ratings My Ratings Smart Portfolio Overview My Holdings My Portfolio Analysis Crowd Insights My Performance Customize Your Experience Join the NASDAQ Community today and get free, instant access to portfolios, stock ratings, real-time alerts, and more! Join Today Already a member? Login Search Technology Stock Roundup: Apple, Nokia Fight Over Patents December 28, 2016, 04:37:00 PM EDT By Sejuti Banerjea, Zacks.com Shutterstock photo Top news last week were patent infringement-related lawsuits between Nokia NOK and Apple AAPL as well as strong results from Micron MU .   A closer look at the top stories- Apple-Nokia Patent Fight This year has been a relatively quiet one as far as patent infringement cases are concerned, but the series of lawsuits and counter suits between Apple and Nokia indicate that things are again changing in the final two weeks.   It appears that Apple has a license for some standard-essential patents that Nokia holds, but it refused to license certain others that it uses, possibly because Nokia was asking for higher rates than would be required under the fair and reasonable terms, or FRAND policy typically used in case of standard essential patents. Nokia subsequently transferred some patents to patent assertion authorities (PAEs) that likely aren't bound by the letter of FRAND rules. PAEs Acacia and Conversant (recently hired former Apple director of patent licensing and strategy Boris Teksler as its new CEO) subsequently filed lawsuits against Apple. Last week, Apple filed a countersuit: "With its cell phone business dying, Nokia began to seek out willing conspirators and to commence its illegal patent transfer scheme in full force; that scheme has continued in full effect to the present. The driving force behind Nokia's strategy was to diffuse its patent portfolio and place it in the hands of PAEs. Acacia and Conversant were its chief conspirators." In response, Nokia filed separate lawsuits in Germany and the U.S. including with the ITC covering 32 patents related to technologies such as display, user interface, software, antennae, chipsets and video coding. Later it expanded its lawsuits to 9 more countries (Finland, UK, Italy, Sweden, Spain, Netherlands, France, Hong Kong and Japan) with the number of alleged patent infringements extending to 40. Around 18 of these patents were named in the Texas lawsuit. Nokia is looking to make a comeback in the cell phone market through a 10-year agreement with HMD. It had earlier sold its struggling phone business to Microsoft, which recently offloaded it to a newly formed company called HMD. Micron Reports Q1 Results Micron reported encouraging first-quarter results with both the top and bottom lines ahead of the Zacks Consensus Estimates. Results were helped by strong demand, with margins benefiting from a higher mix of 3D NAND and stronger pricing. The stronger pricing came from tight DRAM supply problems associated with the industry wide transition from planar to 3D NAND that also limited supply for NAND. These dynamics along with accretion from the Inotera acquisition will remain positives going forward. Read more: Micron (MU) Tops on Q1 Earnings & Revenues, Guides Strong Company Last  Week Last 6 Months YTD AAPL +0.47% +24.75% +10.69% FB -2.16% +3.43% +12.72% GOOGL -0.25% +14.40% +6.73% MSFT +1.51% +26.30% +16.82% INTC +1.82% +14.92% +9.16% CSCO -0.20% +6.00% +16.21% AMZN +0.37% +6.51% +14.51% Other stories - Corporate Apple Manufacturing in India : Following discussions with Indian regulatory authorities, Apple has been allowed to open retail stores in India on the understanding that it will procure 30% of components from Indian manufacturing operations within 3 years. The WSJ now reports that Apple has drawn up such a plan and asked for financial incentives and Indian government officials are considering Apple's proposal. Apple's largest iPhone assembler, Honhai Precision (Foxconn), that also offers similar services to Nokia and other companies, has been scouting for properties that indicate several manufacturing facilities. The company already has one facility in Southern India. However, Foxconn hasn't yet offered any statement on the matter.  India is an important market for Apple because it is set to become the second largest smartphone market behind China next year (IDC estimates) and Apple has a very small share. Moreover, Apple will also be able to sell other products in the country. Optimism on Facebook Instagram : Suntrust Robinson has said in a research note that Facebook's FB Instagram's 600 million-strong user base (or the accelerated growth of a 100 million users in the last six months) suggests that the company can beat his 2017 revenue estimate of $3.5 billion. Moreover, the service is expected to account for a larger share of Facebook revenue. New features that mimic Snapchat have helped the platform attract younger Internet users and ad load remains low, two factors that should drive its growth. Goldman Likes NVIDIA : Goldman Sachs's Toshiya Hari (as reported by Barron's) raised the price target on NVIDIA and put the shares on their conviction buy list. The reason for optimism is NVIDIA's unique position with respect to strong growth markets like virtual reality, machine learning and automotive electronics. The total addressable market in machine learning and artificial intelligence is around $5-10 billion and although Intel has a big share of the total Web 2.0 market, NVIDIA is expected to grow its share on the strength of its machine learning prowess. Piper, Morgan Stanley Like Microsoft : Piper Jaffray analysts say that Microsoft's MSFT cloud revenue (defined as Azure, Office 365 (commercial + consumer), LinkedIn and a portion of the Dynamics franchise) will grow at a CAGR of 33% through fiscal 2019, with this business moving from 11.5% to 30.6% of total revenue with gross margins moving from 42% to 60%. The analysts see pent up demand for Azure that will be supported by Office 365 (user base to increase 26% through 2019) and LinkedIn (estimated to reach $5.7 billion by 2019) to result in a hyper-growth story. Morgan Stanley analysts say that Microsoft's broad distribution channels with LinkedIn's Sales Navigator, Talent Solutions and Lynda.com/LinkedIn Learning products will help it increase monetization of both individual and commercial user bases, increase engagement, and create valuable integration and upsell opportunities with Microsoft Office 365 and Dynamics 365. While LinkedIn revenue comes for higher gross margins than Microsoft's Productivity and Business Processes segment, it carries higher operating expenses. But if Microsoft can make the most of the potential revenue synergies, the analysts expect an FY19 EPS upside of up to 20 cents. Microsoft Wins DoD Contract : The Department of Defense has awarded Microsoft a $927 million contract for technical support and consulting services. This follows the deal in February, when the DoD signed up for Windows 10 to all four million of its employees within 12 months. New Google Privacy Policy : Consumer Watchdog and Privacy Rights Clearinghouse has filed a complaint alleging that the changes Alphabet's GOOGL Google made to its privacy policy in June "intentionally misled users, who had no way to discern from the wording that Google was breaking from a nearly decade-old practice and asking them if it could link their personal information to data reflecting their behavior on as many as 80 percent of the internet's leading websites." Google's response was to the effect that the change was to improve user experience as its services are increasingly used across devices. Google's statement also said, "it is 100 percent optional - if users do not opt-in to these changes, their Google experience will remain unchanged." Google Deal with Cuba : Google has signed a deal with Cuba's state telecommunications company, La Empresa de Telecomunicaciones de Cuba to set up computer servers in the island nation where content such as popular YouTube videos may be saved for quicker transmission to the growing Internet population. The country with 11.2 million people had just 150K daily Internet users last year, but the encouraging point is that this was more than double the number in the previous year. Amazon Echo Sells Out : Amazon AMZN sold out of its A.I.-powered Echo speakers that it had earlier discounted for the holidays. The Echo, which normally sells for $180 was priced at $140 while the Dot was sold for $40, i.e. $10 off its regular price. It's being speculated that Amazon misread demand, or it wouldn't have discounted them so heavily. Amazon is miles ahead of Google Home, its next competitor in the space, especially because it has opened the platform to third-party developers that are now building home products around Alexa. But the discounting probably makes sense because Google Home sells at $129, so this would have been a good time for the device to make inroads. Twitter CTO Out : Twitter's chief technology officer, Adam Messinger, and product VP Josh McFarland left the company last week. Twitter has seen a steady outflow of high-level executives all through this year including the VPs of Product, Commerce, Global Media, Engineering, HR, Business Development, Communications and Global Online Sales. The GM of Vine and COO/Head of Sales were other departures. While some continue to hope for a turnaround surrounding video, the constant brain drain does paint a bleak picture. Legal/Regulatory Facebook on Government Data Requests : Facebook said that total government requests for data on Facebook users rose 27% from 59,229 from 46,710 with more than half the requests accompanied with non-disclosure orders preventing the company from informing users. U.S. law enforcement agencies made the largest number of requests. Content restriction requests dropped 83% from last year, but mainly because of accelerated requests last year related to the Paris attacks. For the first time, Facebook also said that it received 38,675 user information preservation requests for 67,129 accounts. EU Says Facebook's WhatsApp Deal Misleading : The European Union's competition regulator has said that it believes that Facebook misrepresented its technical capabilities to match WhatsApp user accounts with Facebook accounts when it filed for approval of the acquisition. The deal is still expected to go through, but Facebook may be required to pay a fine of up to 1% of its current revenue. Facebook is required to file its response by Jan 31, 2017. The company maintains that it has provided all relevant information as requested and also voluntarily, but when approval was sought in 2014, it didn't have the capability. But now that it's able to match users across its services, it can, for the first time, determine the total number of unique users across its services.    Germany Wants Payment for Fake News : The German government headed by German Christian Democrats' (CDU's) Angela Merkel has decided to bring a law to force Facebook to take down fake news religiously. The government is reportedly looking to fine Facebook 500K euros (around $522K) for each case where it fails to take down fake news within a day after it is flagged. The government fears Russia's influence in the polls, particularly since the democrats blamed Facebook for fake stories and claimed that they clinched the President's title for Donald Trump. Merkel is contesting for a fourth term.   Alibaba's Counterfeit Problems Continue : Alibaba was reinstated on the U.S. Trade Representative's (USTR) annual list of global marketplaces that carry counterfeit or pirated goods. The list is intended to single out companies and countries that do not attempt to stop counterfeiters and can influence American policy makers. Alibaba's problems are related to Taobao, where rights holders are having difficulty removing counterfeits. Michael Evans, president of Alibaba Group responded: "We are very disappointed by the USTR's decision to include Taobao on its 'notorious markets' list, as we are far more effective and advanced in IPR protection than when the USTR took us off the list four years ago. "The decision ignores the real work Alibaba has done to protect IP rights holders and assist law enforcement to bring counterfeiters to justice. We question whether the USTR acted based on the actual facts or was influenced by the current political climate." New Technology/Products MacBook Pro Problems : For the first time, a Macbook received a negative feedback from Consumer Reports magazine due to its faulty/inconsistent batteries. As stated in the magazine, "the 13-inch model with the Touch Bar ran for 16 hours in the first trial, 12.75 hours in the second, and just 3.75 hours in the third," the magazine said, whereas normal variance is 5% from trial to trial. Instagram Stickers : Instagram has introduced stickers to its "Stories" and direct messaging services, two features that help it compete with Snapchat. The platforms have gained popularity because of the feature that enables sharing of photos and video that disappear after 24 hours or after two views. Since the content becomes unavailable after a period, engagement is generally high. Facebook Messenger Gets Group Video Chat : Facebook added a new feature to the desktop version of Messenger, Macs and Android. Accordingly groups of up to 50 can do a chat although smaller groups of up to 6 will have greater visibility. If the number of people on the chat exceeds six, only the dominant speaker will be visible to the others. Microsoft Testing Payments API : Microsoft is testing Payment Request API, a developer solution for easier in-browser payments. Microsoft has limited presence on mobile platforms although it is still the dominant player in desktops. Since the bulk of ecommerce still takes place on desktops, this is a good start. The facility will be available on the new Edge browser and is connected to Microsoft's wallet. So once users enter their information into the mobile wallet, they won't need to do it each time they want to buy thus driving demand for the wallet. There might also be a solution down the line for those using other browsers. Google Smartwatches for 2017 : Google is getting ready to launch a new line of smartwatches in 2017 in partnership with an undisclosed hardware maker. The watches will carry the manufacturer's brand but run on Android, be supported by Google's new voice assistant and include Android Pay. M&A and Collaborations Google Waymo Meets Honda : Honda has announced that it is advanced talks with Google's Waymo to install its "fully self-driving sensors, software and computing platform" in Honda vehicles. The agreement would help Honda get its self driving cars on the road faster while also speeding up Waymo's revenue generation through partnership with smaller automakers with more limited budgets.   Silver Lake in Alibaba Funding Round : Alibaba's on-demand services unit Koubei is close to securing $1.2 billion of funding for expansion. The leading investors are Silver Lake Management, China Investment Corp., Yunfeng Capital (a fund backed by Alibaba co-founder Jack Ma) and China's sovereign wealth fund. IBM Watson in Retail : IBM has announced that South Korea's Lotte Group will use Watson's AI capabilities to "maximize insights from the huge amount of structured and unstructured customer data collected through its various channels, including the Lotte Members program, deriving valuable learnings about customer preferences and product feedback." Some Numbers Cowen Survey on IT Spending : A survey of 118 IT executives through November and December revealed that 75% expect 2017 budgets to move higher with "uncharacteristically strong average in excess of 6%." Cowen analysts estimate this will translate to 2-3% increase in 2017 spending. Networking is expected to grow as a share of total spend (38% of respondents say their networking spend will increase 11% while 59% say their spending will increase by 6%). Moreover, only 2% expect to reduce their networking spend. The survey is particularly positive for Cisco because 35% of respondents expect to spend more with the company, 17% will be first-time buyers, 35% expect to spend the same and only 3% expect to spend less. Zacks' Best Investment Ideas for Long-Term Profit Today you can gain access to long-term trades with double and triple-digit profit potential rarely available to the public. Starting now, you can look inside our stocks under $10, home run and value stock portfolios, plus more. Want a peek at this private information? Click here >> Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report AMAZON.COM INC (AMZN): Free Stock Analysis Report NOKIA CP-ADR A (NOK): Free Stock Analysis Report APPLE INC (AAPL): Free Stock Analysis Report MICROSOFT CORP (MSFT): Free Stock Analysis Report MICRON TECH (MU): Free Stock Analysis Report FACEBOOK INC-A (FB): Free Stock Analysis Report ALPHABET INC-A (GOOGL): Free Stock Analysis Report To read this article on Zacks.com click here. Zacks Investment Research The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc. This article appears in: Investing , Business , Stocks Referenced Symbols: AMZN , NOK , AAPL , MSFT , MU More from Zacks.com Subscribe Run-DMC is Suing Amazon, Walmart & Jet.com for Trademark Infringement IBM & Rice University Partner to Build a Robot for the Elderly Alibaba (BABA) to Expand to India with Office in Mumbai Related Stocks Articles Subscribe How Under Armour Could Sprint Past Its Footwear Sales Goals 1/02/2017 02:16 PM 5 Cheapest Bank Stocks Right Now 1/02/2017 02:09 PM Best Cable Stocks of 2016 1/02/2017 02:05 PM Contributor: Zacks.com Equity Research Follow on: Featured Brokers Compare Online Brokers Most Popular Highest Rated Argentina sparks trade war by nationalizing YPF Eurozone risk grows as Spanish yields top 6 percent End of the euro as we know it End of a nuclear era in Japan helps push oil prices higher Mad Men 2.0: Advertising in the Digital Age 3 Myths About Marijuana Stocks Top Trading Opportunities for 2017 Tesla Motors, Inc. Shines in Consumer Reports Survey View All Highest Rated Find a Credit Card Select a credit card product by:  Card Type  Credit Score  Card Issuer Select an offer: 0% APR Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Balance Transfer Credit Cards Business Credit Cards Cash Back Credit Cards Charge Cards Charge Cards for Business EMV Smart Chips Gas Cards & Auto Rewards Home Improvement Rewards Credit Cards Instant Approval Credit Cards Low Interest Credit Cards No Annual Fee Credit Cards No Foreign Transaction Fee Credit Cards Points Rewards Credit Cards Prepaid & Debit Cards Reward Credit Cards Student Credit Cards Top 10 Best Credit Card Deals and Offers Bad Credit Credit Quality Average Credit Quality Excellent Credit Quality Fair Credit Quality Good Limited or No Credit History Personal Loans Barclaycard Capital One Capital One Cash Back Capital One Fair Credit Capital One Miles Capital One Points Capital One Prepaid Credit Cards Chase Citi Credit Cards Discover Discover Cashback Discover Miles Discover Student Credit Cards MasterCard Credit Cards U.S. Bank USAA USAA Savings Visa Credit Cards Search Data Provided by BankRate.com Stocks Referenced AMZN 84% Rate It NOK 74% Rate It AAPL 86% Rate It MSFT 85% Rate It MU 88% Rate It NASDAQ.com Company News/ Annual Report/ Contact/ Careers/ Advertise on Nasdaq.com|  Mobile Version Terms of Use/ Privacy Policy/ Sitemap/ Glossary/ General Feedback/ CLOSEX Edit Favorites Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages. Update Clear List CLOSEX Customize your NASDAQ.com experience Background Color Selector Select the background color of your choice:  Black  Slate Gray  Light Gray  Gray Blue Quote Search Select a default target page for your quote search:  Real-Time  After Hours  Pre-Market  News  Flash Quote  Summary Quote  Interactive Charts  Default Setting Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com. If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above. If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com. CLOSEX Please confirm your selection: You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page; unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings? YES NO CLOSEX We have a favor to ask Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Wow, Apple’s definition of a ‘runaway success’ has really changed Chris Mills •December 28, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Earlier today, Apple CEO Tim Cook took his nephew on a tour of a noted tourist destination called the New York Stock Exchange. While sightseeing, he found the time to talk to CNBC about the new Airpods. We don’t have any sales data to speak of on the months-delayed Airpods, but Cook described them as a “runaway success,” saying they’re “making as many of them as we can.” Don't Miss: Your dreams just came true: Download any content on Netflix with this free app This reminds me of the last time Apple described something as a “runaway success.” That time, it was the iPad, which actually was a runaway success right after launch: Apple sold over half a million in the first week, and that’s not including pre-orders for the 3G version that were delivered later. NEW: Apple CEO Tim Cook tells CNBC that "it's been a great holiday" and the company's new Airpod headphones "are a run away success" pic.twitter.com/lDo0Fdw7ym — CNBC Now (@CNBCnow) December 28, 2016 Unfortunately, we have no data from Apple on how Airpod sales are doing, so we can’t really judge against the benchmark of the iPad. But while it’s true that the Airpods are sold out virtually nationwide, that’s more likely to do with a lack of stock than it is overwhelming demand for $170 Bluetooth headphones. Some stores were rumored to have 8 or so pairs in stock, so it’s not really valid to compare the Airpod’s sold-out status to what happens after an iPhone launch. And hey, even if the Airpods were selling in stupid numbers, I’m still not sure you can call the launch a “runaway success.” Apple demoed the Airpods alongside the iPhone 7 in September, and the October launch date felt like a cop-out even then. That launch date was pushed multiple times all the way to Christmas. Compared to Apple’s product launches that are normally run with military precision, I’d call the Airpods less runaway success, more abject failure. Trending right now: Your dreams just came true: Download any content on Netflix with this free app The coolest ‘As Seen On TV’ gadgets of 2016 This slim $60 iPhone 7 Plus battery case is on sale for $12, and it doesn’t have a hump See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next 9 tech-friendly gifts for people obsessed with travel Yahoo Tech CNN uses screenshot from ‘Fallout 4’ to show how Russians hack things BGR News Facebook launches live 360-degree video feature Yahoo Tech LG is ready to make the future more colorful with its Super UHD TVs at CES 2017 Digital Trends The battle between SSD and HDD is over, and the winner is clear Digital Trends Celebrity sues Tesla, claims Model X drove itself through a wall and into his house BGR News Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo Finance
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Facebook, Inc. Crushes Top Apps of 2016 List Facebook continues to dominate digital app use in the U.S., but Alphabet, Apple, and Amazon also saw notable positive trends. Daniel Sparks (TMFDanielSparks) Dec 28, 2016 at 4:06PM In a new report from consumer research company Nielsen, Facebook's (NASDAQ:FB) dominance stands out in a list of 2016's most popular mobile apps in the U.S. But the list also highlights some key takeaways about Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL), Amazon.com (NASDAQ:AMZN), and Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL). Here's a look at the Nielsen's top 10 apps of 2016, along with four observations. Image source: Getty Images. Facebook Facebook Messenger YouTube Google Maps Google Search Google Play Gmail Instagram Apple Music Amazon App Facebook is crushing it In line with Facebook's recent impressive global growth in monthly active users, the world's largest social network's user base continued to grow handsomely in the company's home U.S. market. Facebook's average monthly active users (MAUs) in the U.S. during 2016 increased 14%, according to Nielsen. Facebook's Messenger also performed exceptionally, raking in 28% year-over-year growth and coming in second only to Facebook's own native app. Messenger's success follows a year of big investments in the messaging app, including live video, messaging bots, and business integrations. Messenger's 28% growth in U.S. MAUs doesn't necessarily come as a surprise, considering Facebook's global Messenger MAUs increased from 700 million in the third quarter of 2015 to over 1 billion by July.  Instagram. Image source: Instagram. And Facebook's Instagram was a smash hit in 2016, too. Coming in at number eight on Nielsen's list, the photo- and video-sharing app saw its U.S. MAUs increase 36%. Further, not only was Facebook's growth notable, but both Facebook and Messenger's 146 million MAUs and 130 million MAUs, respectively, were still well ahead of third-place YouTube's 114 million MAUs. Alphabet is succeeding on numerous fronts Google parent company Alphabet continues to shine in terms of the quantity of Google-branded apps making it into Nielsen's top 10, highlighting Alphabet's robust ecosystem of apps for simultaneously serving its customers and generating data for its advertisers. Alphabet's YouTube, Google Maps, Google Search, Google Play, and Gmail all made Nielsen's top-10 list. Apple Music remains a key player in streaming music While streaming music company Spotify continues to outperform Apple Music when it comes to paying members across the globe, Apple Music is winning in the U.S. when it comes to unique monthly visitors to the streaming music app. In a nod to the continued success of Apple's streaming music service, Apple Music was number nine on Nielsen's list, clocking a notable 20% year-over-year uptick in monthly active users. Spotify didn't make the list. This data reflects recent updates about Apple Music from the tech giant. The streaming service's paying subscribers recently surpassed 20 million, Apple said earlier this month. This is up considerably from 10 million in January.  Amazon mobile app. Image source: Amazon. Amazon's soaring growth puts it in the top 10 Thanks to its monstrous 43% growth in monthly active users, Amazon's shopping app made a surprising entrance to Nielsen's top-10 list this year. The app's inclusion in Nielsen's top 10 apps shows how successfully the company has been riding the e-commerce wave in the wake of rising mobile adoption. Amazon's own data about global usage of its shopping app during the peak holiday season points to a similar trend. Shopping on the company's free mobile Amazon app increased by 56% during this important period, according to an update from the company this week.  These observations reinforce how Facebook, Alphabet, Apple, and Amazon consistently earn customer attention. Suzanne Frey, an executive at Alphabet, is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. Daniel Sparks owns shares of Apple and Facebook. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Alphabet (A shares), Alphabet (C shares), Amazon.com, Apple, and Facebook. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Daniel Sparks (TMFDanielSparks) Daniel Sparks is a senior technology specialist at The Motley Fool. He served in the U.S. Army on active duty and graduated with an MBA from Colorado State University. Follow @danielsparks Article Info Dec 28, 2016 at 4:06PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $115.75 down $0.98 (-0.84%) Alphabet (A shares) NASDAQ:GOOGL $792.41 down $-10.47 (-1.30%) Amazon.com NASDAQ:AMZN $749.87 down $-15.28 (-2.00%) Facebook NASDAQ:FB $115.07 down $-1.28 (-1.10%) Alphabet (C shares) NASDAQ:GOOG $772.33 down $-10.46 (-1.34%) Read More If You Doubt Apple, Inc.'s Interest in Cars, Think Again Apple, Inc. Had a Merry Christmas How Risky is Apple Inc. Stock? Alphabet's Waymo Puts Pressure on Google's Self-Driving Car Efforts These 3 Tech Stocks Are Ridiculously Cheap Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current themotleyfool Facebook, Inc. Crushes Top Apps of 2016 List #stocks $AAPL, $GOOGL, $AMZN, $FB, $GOOG
Business Chicago's new riverfront Apple store will cost $27 million, not $62 million Apple store Jose M. Osorio / Chicago Tribune Construction continues at the site of the new Apple store at Michigan Avenue and the Chicago River on Dec. 2, 2016, in Chicago. The store is scheduled to open in October. Construction continues at the site of the new Apple store at Michigan Avenue and the Chicago River on Dec. 2, 2016, in Chicago. The store is scheduled to open in October. (Jose M. Osorio / Chicago Tribune) Ally MarottiContact ReporterChicago Tribune It turns out the new Apple store going up on North Michigan Avenue along the Chicago River is going to cost far less than the company initially reported. A building permit submitted to the city at the end of October put the price of the glass-enclosed store at $62 million, not including permit fees. About a week later, Apple submitted a revision to the construction costs. The new price tag: $26.9 million. The numbers in building permits are self-reported by the companies that file the paperwork, a spokeswoman from the city said. The new store is being constructed along the southern border of Pioneer Court at 401 N. Michigan, with its entrance overlooking the riverwalk. The store is expected to help extend the Magnificent Mile's retail stretch farther south. Landlords are watching the effect it will have on surrounding retail rents. Apple will relocate to the site from its current post at 679 N. Michigan. The new store is scheduled to open in October. Zeller Realty Group, owner of the property, first unveiled plans for the new store in November 2015. Now the building is well underway, its frame starting to climb higher than the temporary black fence surrounding it. amarotti@chicagotribune.com Twitter @AllyMarotti Photos: Renderings for a new Apple store in Chicago's Pioneer Court over the riverwalk near the building at 401 N. Michigan Ave.  Copyright © 2017, Chicago Tribune With a cue from Apple, Mag Mile retail expands south Exclusive look at Apple on the river Chicago riverfront projects, big and small, have attractive potential Breaking Sports Trending Opinion Suburbs Entertainment Business Advertising 39°
null
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Facebook, Inc. Crushes Top Apps of 2016 List Facebook continues to dominate digital app use in the U.S., but Alphabet, Apple, and Amazon also saw notable positive trends. Daniel Sparks (TMFDanielSparks) Dec 28, 2016 at 4:06PM In a new report from consumer research company Nielsen, Facebook's (NASDAQ:FB) dominance stands out in a list of 2016's most popular mobile apps in the U.S. But the list also highlights some key takeaways about Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL), Amazon.com (NASDAQ:AMZN), and Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL). Here's a look at the Nielsen's top 10 apps of 2016, along with four observations. Image source: Getty Images. Facebook Facebook Messenger YouTube Google Maps Google Search Google Play Gmail Instagram Apple Music Amazon App Facebook is crushing it In line with Facebook's recent impressive global growth in monthly active users, the world's largest social network's user base continued to grow handsomely in the company's home U.S. market. Facebook's average monthly active users (MAUs) in the U.S. during 2016 increased 14%, according to Nielsen. Facebook's Messenger also performed exceptionally, raking in 28% year-over-year growth and coming in second only to Facebook's own native app. Messenger's success follows a year of big investments in the messaging app, including live video, messaging bots, and business integrations. Messenger's 28% growth in U.S. MAUs doesn't necessarily come as a surprise, considering Facebook's global Messenger MAUs increased from 700 million in the third quarter of 2015 to over 1 billion by July.  Instagram. Image source: Instagram. And Facebook's Instagram was a smash hit in 2016, too. Coming in at number eight on Nielsen's list, the photo- and video-sharing app saw its U.S. MAUs increase 36%. Further, not only was Facebook's growth notable, but both Facebook and Messenger's 146 million MAUs and 130 million MAUs, respectively, were still well ahead of third-place YouTube's 114 million MAUs. Alphabet is succeeding on numerous fronts Google parent company Alphabet continues to shine in terms of the quantity of Google-branded apps making it into Nielsen's top 10, highlighting Alphabet's robust ecosystem of apps for simultaneously serving its customers and generating data for its advertisers. Alphabet's YouTube, Google Maps, Google Search, Google Play, and Gmail all made Nielsen's top-10 list. Apple Music remains a key player in streaming music While streaming music company Spotify continues to outperform Apple Music when it comes to paying members across the globe, Apple Music is winning in the U.S. when it comes to unique monthly visitors to the streaming music app. In a nod to the continued success of Apple's streaming music service, Apple Music was number nine on Nielsen's list, clocking a notable 20% year-over-year uptick in monthly active users. Spotify didn't make the list. This data reflects recent updates about Apple Music from the tech giant. The streaming service's paying subscribers recently surpassed 20 million, Apple said earlier this month. This is up considerably from 10 million in January.  Amazon mobile app. Image source: Amazon. Amazon's soaring growth puts it in the top 10 Thanks to its monstrous 43% growth in monthly active users, Amazon's shopping app made a surprising entrance to Nielsen's top-10 list this year. The app's inclusion in Nielsen's top 10 apps shows how successfully the company has been riding the e-commerce wave in the wake of rising mobile adoption. Amazon's own data about global usage of its shopping app during the peak holiday season points to a similar trend. Shopping on the company's free mobile Amazon app increased by 56% during this important period, according to an update from the company this week.  These observations reinforce how Facebook, Alphabet, Apple, and Amazon consistently earn customer attention. Suzanne Frey, an executive at Alphabet, is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. Daniel Sparks owns shares of Apple and Facebook. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Alphabet (A shares), Alphabet (C shares), Amazon.com, Apple, and Facebook. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Daniel Sparks (TMFDanielSparks) Daniel Sparks is a senior technology specialist at The Motley Fool. He served in the U.S. Army on active duty and graduated with an MBA from Colorado State University. Follow @danielsparks Article Info Dec 28, 2016 at 4:06PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $115.75 down $0.98 (-0.84%) Alphabet (A shares) NASDAQ:GOOGL $792.41 down $-10.47 (-1.30%) Amazon.com NASDAQ:AMZN $749.87 down $-15.28 (-2.00%) Facebook NASDAQ:FB $115.07 down $-1.28 (-1.10%) Alphabet (C shares) NASDAQ:GOOG $772.33 down $-10.46 (-1.34%) Read More If You Doubt Apple, Inc.'s Interest in Cars, Think Again Apple, Inc. Had a Merry Christmas How Risky is Apple Inc. Stock? Alphabet's Waymo Puts Pressure on Google's Self-Driving Car Efforts These 3 Tech Stocks Are Ridiculously Cheap Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current themotleyfool Facebook, Inc. Crushes Top Apps of 2016 List #stocks $AAPL, $GOOGL, $AMZN, $FB, $GOOG
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Apple’s Chinese iPhone partners shockingly uninterested in moving production to the US Yoni Heisler BGR NewsDecember 28, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Despite President-elect Donald Trump’s bold assertions that he’ll somehow convince Apple to move its manufacturing to the United States, many of Apple’s component suppliers aren’t even entertaining the idea. Don't Miss: This is the Galaxy S8 rumor we’ve been waiting for Citing a report from qq, AppleInsider relays that Foxconn appears to be the only major Apple partner that has even taken the time to fully explore the logistical and economic ramifications of setting up shop in the U.S. … Suppliers like Lens Technologies, an iPhone glass vendor, will not set up shop, in the U.S., even if Foxconn does. Lens cites high-wage workers, and reluctance amongst the U.S. workforce to accept variable schedules depending on surges and dips in product demands. Other suppliers, meanwhile, have said that the existing supply-chain in China simply can’t be replicated in the U.S. without severely impacting efficiency. Consequently, many of these companies are opting to stay put. Interestingly, Donald Trump’s election victory prompted Apple to ask major partners like Foxconn and Pegatron about the feasibility of bringing parts of the iPhone supply chain to the United States. As originally detailed by Nikkei, Foxconn agreed to consider the idea while Pegatron reportedly dismissed the request out of hand. Trump’s motivation to bring Apple’s manufacturing to the U.S. may be well-intentioned, but his remarks completely ignore the complexity of Apple’s operations. The very notion of relocating specialized Chinese factories to the United States and then hiring thousands of skilled workers to run them is so far from practical that it’s downright laughable. It’s worth noting that Apple even experienced problems manufacturing its Mac Pro — hardly a volume product — in the United States. To this point, Bloomberg reported the following not too long ago: The Mac Pro’s glossy exterior and chrome beveled edges meant Apple had to make its own manufacturing tools and then train people to run those machines in an assembly plant. This slowed production and constrained Apple’s ability to make enough computers to meet demand. Three years on, the Mac Pro is ripe for an upgrade with its chips and connector ports lagging rival products. Because of the earlier challenges, some Apple engineers have raised the possibility of moving production back to Asia, where it’s cheaper and manufacturers have the required skills for ambitious products, according to a person familiar with those internal discussions. With a device like the iPhone, where more than 100 million units are shipped every single year, Apple at the end of the day can only rely upon a well-oiled Chinese supply chain that has been built from the ground up to manufacture consumer electronics in incredibly high volume. In short, the flexibility provided by Apple’s current supply chain simply can’t be matched or replicated anywhere else on the planet. As The New York Times noted on the topic a few years ago: One former executive described how the company relied upon a Chinese factory to revamp iPhone manufacturing just weeks before the device was due on shelves. Apple had redesigned the iPhone’s screen at the last minute, forcing an assembly line overhaul. New screens began arriving at the plant near midnight. A foreman immediately roused 8,000 workers inside the company’s dormitories, according to the executive. Each employee was given a biscuit and a cup of tea, guided to a workstation and within half an hour started a 12-hour shift fitting glass screens into beveled frames. Within 96 hours, the plant was producing over 10,000 iPhones a day. Trump may continue to make bold claims about what he expects tech companies like Apple to do, but he cannot, at the end of the day, actually prevent Apple from outsourcing its operations abroad. Trending right now: This slim $60 iPhone 7 Plus battery case is on sale for $12, and it doesn’t have a hump This is the Galaxy S8 rumor we’ve been waiting for The coolest ‘As Seen On TV’ gadgets of 2016 See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next 9 tech-friendly gifts for people obsessed with travel Yahoo Tech CNN uses screenshot from ‘Fallout 4’ to show how Russians hack things BGR News Facebook launches live 360-degree video feature Yahoo Tech LG is ready to make the future more colorful with its Super UHD TVs at CES 2017 Digital Trends The battle between SSD and HDD is over, and the winner is clear Digital Trends Celebrity sues Tesla, claims Model X drove itself through a wall and into his house BGR News Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo Finance
iDownloadBlog Home Jailbreak How to Jailbreak Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Cydia Unlock How to Unlock Unlock News iPhone iPhone News iPhone 6s iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6 iPhone Photography iPad iPad News iPad Air iPad mini Watch Apple Watch Guide Mac Mac Mac Apps Mac Tips TV Apple TV guide Apps iOS Apps Mac Apps Widgets Best Apps App Finder Tips Tips How to Tutorial iPhone Photography Download Deals Daily Deals: $70 off Beyerdynamic headphones, 10 iTunes movies for $10, and... Happy New Year firework wallpapers The top stories of the week on iDB How to use AirPods like a pro   skip to main content skip to main menu     How to use AirPods like a pro By Christian Zibreg, Dec 28, 2016 Tweet 15 Comments So you’ve treated yourself to AirPods, Apple’s first-ever earphones based on Bluetooth technology that use its in-house designed W1 silicon for some cool smarts. Though intuitive to use right out of the box thanks to W1-enabled features like zero-configuration pairing, automatic ear detection, gestures and seamless switching between devices, there’s more to AirPods than meets the eye. In this tutorial, you’ll learn everything there’s to know about setting up, using and customizing your AirPods like a pro. About AirPods Before we begin—and this is important—just because AirPods rely on Apple’s wireless chip, called W1, doesn’t mean they only work with Apple devices. On the contrary, AirPods act as standard Bluetooth earphones when used with non-Apple hardware. In addition to giving AirPods five-hour battery life, a better Bluetooth connection and improved AAC-encoded sound, the custom-designed W1 chip is responsible for other features that can only be used on Apple devices, like Siri integration, one-tap setup, automatic iCloud pairing, seamless switching between devices and other perks. Optical sensors and motion accelerometers inside AirPods work with the W1 chip to control the audio and engage the microphone, giving you the ability to use one or both AirPods. The sensors also let AirPods play sound as soon as they’re in your ears and engage the beam-forming microphones. Inside of each AirPod is a voice accelerometer that recognizes when you’re speaking. Used in conjunction with a pair of beam-forming microphones, this technology allows AirPods to filter out external noise and focus on the sound of your voice when you make or receive phone calls, talk to Siri and more. When you set AirPods up with one iOS device or Mac computer, they are automatically set up with your other iOS 10, macOS Sierra and watchOS 3 devices as long as they’re signed in to iCloud with the same Apple ID account. tvOS does not yet support iCloud-based AirPods pairing. AirPods system requirements Advanced AirPods features are fully supported on iPhone, iPad and iPod touch models with iOS 10.2 or later, Apple Watch models with watchOS 3.0 or later and Mac models with macOS Sierra 10.12.0 or later. On non-Apple devices, AirPods behave like standard Bluetooth headphones. An iCloud account is required for one-tap setup across all your Apple devices. iCloud-based pairing is unavailable on Apple TV, older Mac models and non-Apple devices. The following Apple device models are fully supported by AirPods: iPhone iPhone 5 iPhone 5c iPhone 5s iPhone SE iPhone 6 iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6s iPhone 6s Plus iPhone 7 iPhone 7 Plus iPad iPad mini 2 iPad Air iPad Air 2 iPad mini 3 iPad mini 4 iPad Pro (9.7-inch) iPad Pro (12.9-inch) iPod touch iPod touch 6th generation Mac Newer Mac models with Handoff support Apple Watch 38mm Case 42mm Case AirPods do not work with iPod shuffle and iPad classic digital music players because those devices lack Bluetooth hardware. How to pair AirPods Thanks to the magic of Apple’s W1 chip, the traditional Bluetooth pairing is a thing of the past—yourAirPods are ready to set up when you first open the charging case lid. You will use your iPhone to set up AirPods for the first time. Your iCloud account will be used to sync pairing information so AirPods can be used with other Apple devices without the need for any additional pairing. This auto-pairing feature works on compatible iPhone, iPad and iPod touch models with iOS 10.2 or later, Apple Watch models with watchOS 3 or later and Mac models with macOS Sierra or later. While AirPods act like regular Bluetooth earphones on any Bluetooth-enabled host device, zero-configuration pairing via iCloud isn’t possible on the following hardware: Apple TV Older Macs with legacy Bluetooth chips that lack Handoff support Windows PCs Android devices Other non-Apple hardware In other words, you must manually pair AirPods with Apple TV, older Macs and any non-Apple hardware because those devices lack software support to automatically retrieve pairing information from iCloud. Pairing AirPods with iPhone or iPad Follow the steps below to use auto-pairing: 1) Press the iPhone’s Home button to unlock it and get to your Home screen. Be sure that Bluetooth is enabled by swiping up from the bottom of the screen to access Control Center, then tap the Bluetooth icon. 2) Open the case with AirPods inside and hold it approximately two inches (six centimeters) away from iPhone. 3) A setup animation should play on iPhone. 4) Tap Connect. You may see a message saying iPhone is connecting to AirPods. 5) Tap Done to finish setting up your AirPods. If your iPhone is signed in to iCloud, pairing information is sent to other iOS, macOS and watchOS devices that use the same iCloud account. This lets you simply select AirPods in Control Center on iOS and watchOS, or from the Volume menu bar item on macOS, to start using them. If AirPods are already paired with your iPhone and you want to pair them with another iPhone, put them in the charging case, then flip the lid open and you’ll see the AirPods card pop up on the other iPhone. Now tap Connect, then press and hold the button on the back of the case to connect AirPods to this iPhone. Pairing AirPods with Mac You can also set up AirPods on your Mac and have iCloud push pairing information to your iPhone, iPad, iPod touch and Apple Watch. Unfortunately, macOS does not support the quick-connect AirPods card that pops up on iOS as soon as the charging case is opened near your iPhone. To pair your AirPods on macOS, do the following: 1) Put AirPods in their charging case. 2) Open the lid, but don’t remove AirPods yet. 3) Press and hold the circular setup button on the back near the bottom of the charging case until the status light between your AirPods at the top of the case starts rhythmically blinking white. 4) On Mac, go to System Preferences → Bluetooth. 5) Wait a few seconds until macOS detects your AirPods, then click Pair next to their name in the Devices list. Pairing AirPods with Apple Watch Once paired with your iPhone, AirPods automatically pair with your Apple Watch running watchOS 3. To pair them manually with Apple Watch, follow the instructions below. 1) Put your AirPods in the charging case. 2) Open the lid, but don’t remove AirPods yet. 3) Press and hold the circular setup button on the back near the bottom of the charging case until the status light between your AirPods at the top of the case starts rhythmically blinking white. 4) Launch Settings on Apple Watch, tap Bluetooth and select your AirPods when they appear on the list of nearby Bluetooth devices. After device status changes from “Pairing” to “Paired,” AirPods are ready to use. Pairing AirPods with Apple TV Apple TV does not support AirPods pairing via iCloud so you must manually connect them to the device. The process of pairing AirPods manually with Apple TV is the same as that for connecting standard Bluetooth headphones or keyboards to the set-top box. 1) Put your AirPods in the charging case. 2) Open the lid, but don’t remove AirPods yet. 3) Press and hold the circular setup button on the back near the bottom of the charging case until the status light between your AirPods at the top of the case starts rhythmically blinking white. This means that AirPods are in Bluetooth discovery mode. 4) On your fourth-generation Apple TV go to Settings → Remotes and Devices → Bluetooth. On older Apple TV models, go to Settings → General → Bluetooth. 5) Click your AirPods underneath the Other Devices heading. 6) Click Connect Device to start the pairing process. When pairing completes, you can start using AirPods on your Apple TV. Pairing AirPods with non-Apple devices To pair your AirPods manually with a Windows PC, Android smartphone or tablet or other non-Apple hardware with Bluetooth support, follow the steps below. 1) Put your AirPods in the charging case. 2) Open the lid, but don’t remove AirPods yet. 3) Press and hold the circular setup button on the back near the bottom of the charging case until the status light between your AirPods at the top of the case starts rhythmically blinking white. 4) On your host non-Apple device, engage in the Bluetooth pairing process like you normally would and follow any onscreen prompts to finish setting up your AirPods. Pairing AirPods with older Macs On older Mac models, AirPods must be paired manually like other Bluetooth devices. 1) Put your AirPods in the charging case. 2) Open the lid, but don’t remove AirPods yet. 3) Press and hold the circular setup button on the back near the bottom of the charging case until the status light between your AirPods at the top of the case starts rhythmically blinking white. 4) Launch System Preferences → Bluetooth, select your AirPods in the Devices list, then click the Pair button. How to unpair AirPods Be advised that unpairing AirPods from your iPhone, Apple Watch or Mac automatically removes them from all your other iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac and Apple Watch devices that are signed in to the same iCloud account. It may take a few seconds for AirPods to disconnect from all your iCloud devices. They remain paired with other devices that don’t support iCloud pairing (i.e. Apple TVs, older Mac models, Windows PCs and Android smartphones and tablets) until manually unpaired. Disconnect AirPods manually from those devices in their Bluetooth settings menu. Unpairing AirPods from iPhone or iPad 1) Tap Settings → Bluetooth on your iPhone. 2) Hit “i” next to your AirPods, then tap Forget This Device. A warning message appears saying that removing AirPods from this device will automatically remove them from all your other iCloud-signed devices. 3) Confirm the action by tapping Forget This Device in the popup menu. If you don’t see AirPods in the Devices list, make sure that Bluetooth is on. Unpairing AirPods from your iPad only unpairs them from your iPad and you can repair them to iPad at any time. Unpairing AirPods from Mac 1) Open System Preferences → Bluetooth. 2) Click the X to the right of the AirPods name, or right-click your AirPods in the Devices list, then choose Remove from the popup menu. 3) Confirm the action by clicking Remove. Tip: Alternatively, hold down the Option (⌥) key while clicking the Bluetooth icon in your Mac’s menu bar, then select your AirPods and choose Remove from the menu. Unpairing AirPods from Mac only unpairs them from Mac and you can repair at any time. Unpairing AirPods from Apple Watch 1) On your watch, launch Settings → Bluetooth. 2) Tap “i” next to AirPods name in the list. 3) Tap Forget Device. Unpairing AirPods from iPhone automatically unpairs them from Apple Watch. Unpairing AirPods from Apple TV 1) Go to Settings → Remotes and Devices → Bluetooth on your fourth-generation Apple TV or Settings → General → Bluetooth on earlier Apple TV models. 2) Click your AirPods in the list, then choose Forget Device. If AirPods are paired with this Apple TV, a dialog pops up warning you that you’re about to disconnect them. Confirm the operating by choosing Forget Device from the prompt. Unpairing AirPods from non-Apple devices AirPods act like ordinary Bluetooth earphones when used with non-Apple hardware, meaning they can be unpaired just as easily as, say, Bluetooth keyboards and mice. Read the manual that came with your non-Apple device for specific unpairing steps. How to charge AirPods AirPods deliver five hours of listening time or two hours of talk time on one charge. Their run time can be extended to up to 24 hours of listening time or up to eleven hours of talk time via the included charging case that holds multiple, full charges. Charging AirPods To charge your AirPods, simply put them in the charging case. AirPods automatically shut down and charge whenever they’re in the case. A short 15-minute session in the charging case equals three hours listening time or 1+ hour of talk time. Charging AirPods charging case To charge the charging case itself, plug the included Lightning to USB cable into the Lightning connector on the case, then connect the other end of the cable into any USB-powered device, including your iPhone’s five-watt power adapter. To accelerate charging, connect the case to the twelve-watt USB power adapter that came with your iPad. You can charge the case with or without your AirPods inside. If the case is plugged while AirPods are inside, both the case and your AirPods will charge simultaneously. Deciphering charging case status light states The status light sits between the spaces for AirPods at the top of the charging case. The LED status light indicates the charge status of AirPods when they’re in the case. If not, the LED shows the charge status of your charging case. Here’s how to interpret the status light: Green—Fully charged. Orange—Not fully charged. Amber—Less than one full charge remains. Flashing white—AirPods are ready to set up with your devices. How Apple tested AirPods batteries While battery life depends on a variety of factors, including device settings, usage and more, Apple’s tests were based on preproduction AirPod units, charging case and software paired with preproduction iPhone 7 units and iOS software. For music playback tests, Apple ran a playlist comprised of 358 unique 256-Kbps AAC-encoded audio tracks purchased from iTunes Store until the first AirPod stopped playback. As for talk time, testing consisted of full AirPods battery discharge with a cellular phone call until the first AirPod stopped playing call audio. To test performance of the charging case battery in terms of music playback and talk time, Apple charged the fully drained AirPods in the case for 30 minutes. Next, audio playback or a cellular phone call was routed to AirPods and left running until one of them stopped playing music or call audio. The cycle was repeated until both AirPods and the charging case were fully discharged. Lastly, the 15-minute charge test was conducted by draining both AirPods before charging them for fifteen minutes. The music playlist or a cellular phone call was then played through AirPods until the first AirPod stopped playback. In all tests, volume was set to fifty percent. How to check AirPods charge levels Check the status of juice in AirPods and their charging case in four ways: Charging case—The case’s status light roughly indicates AirPods charge level. Batteries widget—Quick overview of Bluetooth accessories charge levels. Volume menu bar item—See AirPods and charging case power levels via Mac. Siri—Siri can tell you the status of AirPods battery charge. Apple Watch—Get the current AirPods charge levels via your wrist. Checking AirPods charge with charging case If your AirPods are in the charging case, simply open the lid and hold the case close to your iPhone. After a few seconds, iOS 10 puts up a sheet displaying the charge status of both your AirPods and the charging case. Checking AirPods charge with Batteries widget Alternatively, use the stock Batteries widget to check the current level of juice in any Bluetooth audio accessory connected to your iOS device, AirPods included. If it’s not already enabled, you must add it first to your active widgets. 1) Invoke Notification Center on your iPhone by pulling down from the screen top, then swipe right to get to the widgets screen. Scroll all the way to the bottom, then tap Edit. 2) Tap the plus icon next to Batteries underneath the More Widgets section. 3) Tap Done to finish making changes to your widgets. To check power levels of your AirPods and their charging case using the Batteries widget, simply swipe right on Lock screen or inside Notification Center, or get to your widgets by swiping to Home screen 0. While Batteries widget shows you the charge status of your AirPods, the status of the case’s battery appears only when at least one AirPod is in the charging case. Checking AirPods charge with Mac’s volume control 1) Open the lid of the charging case or simply take your AirPods out of the case. 2) Click the Volume icon in your Mac’s menu bar. 3) Look for your AirPods and charging case under My Devices. Checking AirPods charge with Siri You can ask Siri about the current state of juice in your AirPods. To check the battery, ask Siri “How’s the battery on my AirPods?” Checking AirPods charge via Apple Watch If you’re an Apple Watch wearer, swipe up from your watch face and tap the battery percentage indicator in Control Center to see the current AirPods power levels. How to use AirPods Each AirPod has either “L” or “R” printed on it to denote their orientation. Place left AirPod in your left ear and right AirPod in your right ear. The optical sensor inside each AirPod enable it to play sound as soon as it’s in your ear. You will hear a tone when AirPods are ready to be used. Taking either AirPod out of an ear is the equivalent of the Pause command: whatever song, podcasts, audiobook or other audio content was playing gets paused until you put it back in your ear.  Playback is stopped when both AirPods are removed from your ears. If you use a single AirPod, the W1 chip takes advantage of a mono mixdown which lets you hear both sides of any stereo audio. Using Siri with AirPods On either AirPod, double-tap above the stem to activate Siri on iOS or macOS. You will still need to pull iPhone out of your pocket to glean useful information from any Siri search results that cannot be spoken back to, such as image searches. Because AirPods lack any physical buttons, you will need to ask Siri to turn the volume up or down, skip to the next or previous song and do other things on your behalf in terms of adjusting audio playback. Here are a few choice Siri commands for controlling audio playback: “Play” or “Pause music” “Play SONG NAME” or “Play PODCAST NAME” “Play my Favorites playlist” “Skip back”, “skip forward” or “skip to the next song” “Skip back/forward x seconds/minutes/hours” “Lower/raise volume x percent” These commands won’t work if iPhone cannot establish a network connection because unlike Voice Control, Siri requires an Internet connection even for basic playback commands. Until Apple’s personal assistant is able to handle back-and-forth conversation as well as services like Google Assistant or Amazon Alexa, asking Siri to do things like locate nearby restaurants will require tapping around search results. Making and receiving calls with AirPods On either AirPod, double-tap above the stem to answer an incoming call. During the call, you can double-tap again to hang up or switch to another incoming call. If you’d like AirPods to announce who’s calling you without having to reach or your iPhone, go to Settings → Phone and enable one of the following options: Always—your iPhone will always announce the caller. Headphones & Car—The caller will be named only for calls received when you’re in the car or wearing AirPods or other Bluetooth headphones. Headphones Only—iPhone will announce who’s calling you only if a call is received when wearing AirPods or other Bluetooth audio accessory. You can learn more about this options here. To place a call hands-free, double-tap either AirPod to activate Siri and simply ask her to call one of your contacts. Switching AirPods between devices AirPods connect automatically with iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac and Apple Watch devices via iCloud. On Apple TV, AirPods must be manually paired. AirPods are simultaneously connected to the above devices via iCloud, meaning you don’t need to disconnect them manually from one device every time you want to use them on another device. To switch AirPods, just select them on any of the aforementioned devices. Select AirPods in Control Center on iPhone, iPad, iPod touch or Apple Watch. Click AirPods from your Mac’s Volume menu bar. Switch to AirPods on Apple TV by choosing them from Bluetooth settings menu. On Apple TV, older Macs and non-Apple devices like Windows PCs and Android smartphones and tablets, you will need to manually connect AirPods in Bluetooth settings menu before you can use them. Switching to AirPods from iPhone and iPad Swipe up from the bottom of the screen on iPhone, iPad or iPod touch to bring up Control Center. Swipe left to get to the Now Playing card with your media playback controls, then tap the downward-pointed arrow at the bottom and select AirPods from the popup menu. Alternatively, switch to AirPods by tapping them in Settings → Bluetooth. The audio output menu is available directly within certain apps, like Music. Output returns to iPhone if AirPods move out Bluetooth’s range of 33 feet, or ten meters. Switching to AirPods from Apple Watch If you set up your AirPods with iPhone, they’re already ready to use with your Apple Watch. Swipe up from the bottom of the watch face to open Control Center, tap the AirPlays icon that looks like a concentric circle with a triangle at the bottom, then select your AirPods from the menu. If a call comes in through Apple Watch while AirPods are connected and playing audio, you’ll notice a bespoke AirPods button in place of the usual green Answer button indicating the call will be relayed through AirPods rather than through Apple Watch speaker. Tip: If you’d like to enjoy music on Apple Watch via AirPods without your iPhone nearby, transfer some songs to the wearable device by following the steps in our how-to. Switching to AirPods from Mac Click the Volume icon in your Mac’s menu bar, select AirPods and choose Connect from the sub-menu to start listening. Apps like iTunes may provide their own controls for selecting a desired audio playback device. Tip: If you don’t see the volume menu bar icon, go to System Preferences → Sound and tick the box next to “Show volume in menu bar,” as shown above. On legacy Macs that don’t have Bluetooth chipsets which are required for Handoff, go to System Preferences → Bluetooth, right click your AirPods in the list, then select Connect in the popup menu. It should now be possible to switch to AirPods from the Volume menu bar. Switching to AirPods from Apple TV On fourth-generation Apple TV, go to Settings → Remotes and Devices → Bluetooth (for earlier Apple TV models, go to Settings → General → Bluetooth), click your AirPods in the My Devices list, then choose Connect Device. Apple TV will now play audio through your AirPods. Tip: If for one reason or another AirPods don’t appear in the list even though they’re paired with your device, check if “Not Connected” appears next to their name in Settings → Bluetooth on iOS or System Preferences → Bluetooth on macOS. Tap your AirPods in the list on iOS, or right-click them on macOS and select Connect to re-establish wireless connection, which should make AirPods re-appear in the audio output menu and elsewhere in the system. How to adjust AirPods settings Thanks to Apple’s W1 chip, AirPods can be customized to your liking. You are permitted to rename them, choose a shortcut for when you double-tap either earphone, enable or disable automatic ear detection, as well as adjust which of the two beam-forming microphones picks up your voice when you talk. Naming AirPods By default, Apple uses your first name to name your AirPods (i.e. “Christian’s AirPods”). If you don’t like this naming scheme and would rather set a custom name for your AirPods, you can do so by following these steps: 1) Go to Settings → Bluetooth on your iOS device. 2) Locate your AirPods underneath the My Devices section, then tap the “i” icon. 3) Tap Name. 4) Type a new name you’d like for your AirPods. 5) Go back to the previous screen to save the changes. You cannot rename AirPods unless they’re paired with your device. Tip: to rename AirPods on Mac, go to System Preferences → Bluetooth, right-click your AirPods in the Bluetooth devices list, choose Rename from the popup menu, type a new name and click Rename. Changing what double-tap shortcut does Built-in motion accelerometers determine when you double-tap either AirPod, allowing you to activate Siri without taking iPhone out of your pocket. If you’d rather AirPods start or stop audio playback when double-tapped, do the following: 1) Go to Settings → Bluetooth on your iOS device. 2) Tap on of the commands provided underneath the Double-Tap on AirPods section to change the shortcut to one of the following functions: Siri—Default Siri shortcut. Play/Pause—Double-tapping either AirPod plays or pauses audio. Off—Nothing happens when you double-tap either AirPod. Tip: Leave the double-tap shortcut assigned to Siri to be able to adjust the volume, change the song, make a call, get directions and more, without taking iPhone out of your pocket. On non-Apple devices, double-tapping either AirPod produces a Play/Pause command. Disabling automatic ear detection Optical sensors inside each AirPods work with the W1 chip to automatically enable AirPods as soon as you put them in your ears and stop audio when you take them out. If you’d rather turn your AirPods on and off manually, disable automatic ear detection. 1) Go to Settings → Bluetooth on your iOS device. 2) Slide the Automatic Ear Detection switch to the OFF position. If Automatic Ear Detection is on and you’re not wearing your AirPods, audio plays through your host device’s speakers. With Automatic Ear Detection disabled, all audio plays through your AirPods whether or not you’re wearing them. Selecting which AirPods microphone is used Motion accelerometers in AirPods work with the W1 chip to automatically engage one of the beam-forming microphones for voice calls and Siri commands. Should you find this feature lacking or simply prefer telling your AirPods to use either left or right beam-forming microphone, do the following: 1) Go to Settings → Bluetooth on your iOS device. 2) Tap Microphone at the screen bottom. 3) Now choose your preferred setting: Automatically Switch AirPods—AirPods will use motion accelerometers to automatically switch to the microphone that’s getting the best input. Always Left AirPod—Microphone in your left AirPod is always used. Always Right AirPod—Microphone in your right AirPod is always used. If you change microphone settings to use either the left or right AirPod, that AirPod becomes the microphone even if you remove it from your ear or put it back in the charging case. If you’re using only one AirPod, that AirPod will be the microphone. And that’s all, folks! Wrapping it all up Those among you who own AirPods will hopefully learn a few tricks for getting the most from your purchase. Don’t own AirPods or not interested in them at all? No problemo—we have a similarly detailed pro-level guide on using Apple’s wired EarPods earphones that came in the box with your iPhone. Share: Tweet Follow: Follow @iDownloadBlog We Recommend Turning on Power Reserve mode on your Apple Watch 4 ways to listen to music while charging your iPhone 7 How to check if your Mac supports Auto Unlock Error messages popping up from failed automatic iOS updates? Here’s the fix Related Topics AirPods, Apple, Bluetooth, Earphones, Guide, How to, Tips, Tricks, Tutorial, W1 Stuart ‘Arthur’ Hart u said they don’t work with nano because it doesn’t have bluetooth, but the nano does Christian Zibreg You’re right, I’ve made the change to reflect the fact that the nano does have built-in Bluetooth. Thanks for the heads-up! Stuart ‘Arthur’ Hart thanks i was thinking of getting them for my nano so was a bit worried Diego Milano Very good article. Just wondering, with the Apple Watch, what can you actually do with the AirPods besides knowing the battery level? I assume games and any audio coming from the apps that are run in it, but can you actually play some music from the Watch or anything more substantial that doesn’t need to go through your iPhone or iPod? Christian Zibreg By default, Music on Apple Watch is a remote control for Music on iPhone. To listen to music directly on Apple Watch, you must first transfer some tunes on it using Watch app on iPhone. Then launch Music on your watch, force-touch to reveal the Source menu, select Apple Watch from there and then re-route audio from built-in speaker to the connected AirPods by tapping AirPlay icon in Apple Watch Control Center. Diego Milano Are you saying you CAN indeed host some music in your Watch without the need of your iPhone or I’m getting this wrong? Like, if I wanted to go running with just my Watch and the AirPods, would that be enough to play music? My understanding has always been this wasn’t enough and you always needed an iPhone. Besides, I use Spotify, so that wouldn’t help, right? Christian Zibreg You can, see here http://www.idownloadblog.com/2015/05/18/how-to-sync-music-playlist-apple-watch/ You cannot stream Spotify on watch without iPhone. Diego Milano OMG! That’s so basic, how come I didn’t know that? Thanks for sharing this. I hope one day somehow they’ll be able to get the Watch some internet (somehow). 5723alex . You can store 2GB of music of the watch. Diego Milano I think I got to read up to 8GB? Maybe I misread. In any case, I don’t store music anymore, I stream it all the way via Spotify (I’ve been doing it for the past 4 years or so). ☹️ Rob You kept saying 10.2 onwards but everything works as it should (like automatic pairing) on my 10.1.1 iPhone 6 William Melendez I love my airpods. M_Hawke Nice comprehensive article. I’ll be bookmarking this page or saving it to OneNote. I think the AirPods are pretty sweet, having tried them out at the Apple Store. Much sweeter than expected, pleasantly so. I am now considering purchasing them sometime down the road when the money is saved. I think they are a major technological achievement and underrated. That said, I wish they would have done this while keeping the headphone jack. Sleetui iDB, try to clarify that you receive benefits from iOS devices “running” iOS 10. Just having an iOS device doesn’t guarantee you benefits. The device could be running iOS 9 for example and seamless pairing via iCloud wouldn’t be available etc. MMA Rules You can make the AirPods work with the iPod Shuffle as well!!   Search Connect with iDownloadBlog Facebook Become a fan RSS Get the latest news YouTube Watch Us Twitter Stay up to date Newsletter News delivered to you Google+ Add us to your circle   The most recent headlines Apple Chinese New Year promo: free Beats Solo3 headphones with Mac or iPhone Resetting AirPods fixes charging case battery woes for some users Rumor: Apple seeding first iOS 10.3 beta on January 10 with new ‘Theatre’ mode Daily Deals: $70 off Beyerdynamic headphones, 10 iTunes movies for $10, and more Beautiful iPhone 7 photos show New Year’s Eve celebrations around the world   The latest jailbreak news Jailbreak tweaks of the week: CCLowPower, CCRecord, Evanesco, & more… CCLowPower adds a Low Power Mode toggle to Control Center ForceInPicture enables Picture in Picture mode on unsupported devices CCRecord: a tweak to quickly and easily record your iPhone screen Customize your iOS 10 Control Center toggle colors with Cream 2 and Creamless iDownloadBlog           iDownloadblog.com About About Advertise Contact Keep in Touch Twitter Facebook RSS Feed Newsletter Push Notifications Podcasts Let's Talk iOS Let's Talk Jailbreak Site Stuff Disclosure Privacy Policy   Copyright iDownloadBlog 2017. This website is not affiliated with Apple.
null
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide POPULAR TOPICS Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Popular Topics  Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search Will CES 2017 bring the Mac accessories Apple can’t be bothered to make? Chris Davies - Dec 28, 2016 0 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit CES 2017 is almost upon us, and while the annual Consumer Electronics Show will be dominated by vast televisions and, increasingly, car tech, it’s the smaller gadgets I’m most looking forward to. If there’s one thing 2016 has taught us, it’s that we shouldn’t get too attached to our favorite celebrities; if there’s a second thing, though, it’s that the brave new dongle world we live in is surprisingly poorly populated. Yes, Apple, I’m looking at you. Apple’s decision to embrace USB Type-C and Thunderbolt 3 isn’t a unique move in the tech landscape this year. All the same, it’s been more aggressive than most would dare. The new MacBook Pro with Touch Bar, for instance, does away with all the legacy ports – bar the headphone jack – in favor of as many as four of the high-speed hook-ups. On the one hand I have to give Apple some credit for going all-in. Sure, as the naysayers point out, the safer route would’ve been a handful of Thunderbolt 3 alongside old favorites like USB 3.1, HDMI, and an SD card slot. Then those users upgrading would still have somewhere to plug their old accessories and peripherals in. MORE: Apple early-adopted itself into a dongle nightmare The problem with that, though, is our innate apathy: both individually and as a cost-conscious industry. Look how well Thunderbolt 2 took off for evidence of that, even after several years of Apple including it on various MacBooks. Sure, it was faster than USB 3.1, and more convenient in many ways, but since the old port was there we just didn’t bother using Thunderbolt. Seeing mediocre interest, most accessory-makers never really got onboard either. So, Apple gets a little kudos in the bank from me for making an unpopular decision (no, I’m not going to call it “courageous”), but then squanders that deposit by taking a laissez-faire approach to actually supporting it. Yes there are a handful of dongles to hook up other devices, and yes Apple has extended the discount period on them, but it really does feel half-hearted. Here’s an example. Say you want – like I wanted last week – to plug a 4K 60Hz display into a MacBook Pro. Now, Apple makes a USB Type-C to HDMI dongle, but that only supports HDMI 1.4b: you can drive a 3840 x 2160 monitor with it, but only at 30 Hz. If you want HDMI 2.0 and 60 Hz support, Apple dumps you into the morass of third-party dongles. That wouldn’t be so bad if it didn’t also make a few recommendations, or stock a third-party option in its own store, but it doesn’t. Instead you have to go hunting through Amazon or, heavy forbid, attempt to find the right thing at your local Best Buy. If Apple can gleefully recommend – and take a cut from you buying – LG’s beefy 5K Thunderbolt 3 display, I don’t think it’s too much to expect it to also give those with adapter needs a helping hand too. I don’t mean to pick unduly on Apple. After all, it’s not the only company to release USB-C toting notebooks this year, and few of those came with a companion range of comprehensive adapters and docks. The Cupertino firm’s argument, when I’ve voiced my complaint before, has been that since Thunderbolt 3 and USB Type-C are industry standards, the market will provide. That’s grand, if the market was ready to catch up with the products on Apple Store shelves. Happily, CES 2017 is shaping up to be the tipping point, and if Apple won’t play then other companies will step in and pick up what I suspect will be some easy sales. We’ve already seen USB-C and Thunderbolt 3 docks from Lenovo, but I’m expecting a gush of other options arrive too. None will offer buyers the same degree of “it’s Apple so it should work with Apple’s own hardware” reassurance but, at this point, beggars can’t be choosers. At one point I had visions that Apple would make a do-it-all Thunderbolt 3 display. One single screen, with a big Retina Display panel, onboard GPU for faster video processing and even gaming, and a bevy of useful ports, that hooked up to a MacBook with a single cable. Now, though, I’d be happy if Apple just bothered to make a simple dock. If it won’t, then I’ll have to hope that other manufacturers will pick up the slack instead. Story Timeline 5 reasons you should care about Thunderbolt 3 Why the MacBook Pro reviews are all wrong MacBook Pro with Touch Bar Review (late-2016) Tags AccessoriesAppleCESCES 2017dockDocking Stationdocksmacbook proThunderbolt 3USB-C Must Read Bits & Bytes It’s time this car safety tech was standard Tesla Autopilot update makes 2016 deadline; Price increase pushed back iPhone manufacturer Foxconn reveals plans to fully automate factories The Google Pixel shipping nightmare (and Verizon’s XL role) Nintendo Switch needs retro games to succeed Latest Headlines Rare dinosaur egg embryo hints at 6-month incubation times Jan 2, 2017 Galaxy S8 leaked to get Continuum-like experience Jan 2, 2017 NASA wraps up the year with a catchy tune and 2016 highlights Jan 2, 2017 Bitcoin is back over $1,000 as value climbs Jan 2, 2017 Topps, maker of sports cards, discloses data breach Jan 2, 2017 Latest Reviews The McLaren 570S is my favorite car of 2016 Dec 30, 2016 2017 Hyundai Santa Fe Review: Affordable SUV more than matches its 7 passenger peers Dec 28, 2016 2016 BMW 330e Review: The secret plug-in hybrid Dec 26, 2016 2017 Infiniti Q60 Red Sport 400 Review Dec 26, 2016 Lenovo Phab 2 Pro review: Google Tango has landed Dec 21, 2016 Search © 2005-2016 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
Pocket-lint News Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR All News Reviews Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR All Reviews Features YouTube Instagram Facebook Twitter Google+ search Phones Best Phone Cameras Fitness trackers Parent hub Smart home EE Pocket-lint Awards Best smartwatches and wearables of CES 2017: What to expect Elyse Betters28 December 2016Smartwatches Pocket-lint Facebook Twitter Pintrest LinkedIn Google+ Mail Comment The annual Consumer Electronics Show will likely be all about virtual reality and augmented reality and of course cars this year, but there will likely be a few surprises in store specifically for your wrist or some other part of your body. That's right. We're talking about smartwatches and wearables. Now, keep in mind that Apple and Google -- two of tech's biggest players -- don't normally attend the show. There will be hundreds of Apple Watch apps and accessories on the floor, but no new Apple Watches. As for Google, it is planning to launch flagship Android Wear watches in 2017, but they'll be branded by whatever company is manufacturing them. While we don't expect to see Google unveil watches in January, it has said other Android Wear partners will debut new devices running Android Wear 2.0 at CES 2017. But you should know there is a lot of criticism going around about existing smartwatches and fitness trackers. Some studies show they're stuck in a rut. Because of that, don't expect a lot in January in terms of new hardware. In fact, we'll probably see more advancements in the form of smart clothing or smart glasses. Companies are being quiet at the moment about what they have planned, so little is known about what we can expect from them in Vegas.  Best smartwatches and wearables of CES 2016 Fitbit Pocket-lint Fitbit is number one in the US in terms of wearable sales. The company has refreshed almost its entire portfolio over the course of the year, so we aren't expecting much, but we could still see an update to the Fitbit Surge GPS smartwatch, which first released over two years ago.  Fossil Group Fossil Fossil Group has confirmed that its brands, including Diesel, Fossil, Misfit, Michael Kors, Skagen and Emporio Armani will all unveil new wearables at CES 2017. Fossil also said there'll be announcements from a brand that's not currently in the wearables market. Garmin Pocket-lint Garmin makes niche sports watches, and we could see a new one these devices appear in January. Garmin has announced new watches at CES in the past, such as the Fenix 3 multisport watch in 2015, followed by the Fenix 3 HR in 2016. Maybe we will see a Fenix 4 in 2017. Samsung Pocket-lint Samsung will present at CES 2017, but don't expect any new wearables. The company will likely focus on televisions, appliances, and the smart home instead, though it may also promote existing wearable products, such as the Gear Fit 2 and Gear S3. TomTom @TomTom @CES I hope you will reveal better surprises in Las Vegas....... — mevr. Riet van Milt (@MiltMevr) 1 January 2017 TomTom has tweeted to say it will be bringing a "whole new experience for 2017" to CES and has accompanied it with a video of someone jogging, the hashtag #GetGoing and some pictures of fitness trackers. It's pretty obvious what sort of product will be revealed, but as to what features it will have, the remains to be seen. LeEco LeEco LeEco recently launched in the US, and shortly after, CEO Jia Yueting took to Chinese social media site Weibo to confirm the company will be at CES 2017. Yueting’s post featured a number of LeEco products, but it was removed soon after. LeEco hasn’t said why. Xiaomi Xiaomi Xiaomi has confirmed it will be at CES for the first time ever. Considering the broad range of products Xiaomi makes, there’s a strong possibility that a smartwatch or wearable of some type could be announced. However, it did just launch the Xiaomi Mi Band 2 this past summer. Want to know more? Check out Pocket-lint's guide to learn more about CES, including what it is and when it is and what else you can expect to be announced. Sections Smartwatches Kate Spade Hybrid Smartwatch preview: Fashion and tech in perfect harmony Best smartwatches to look forward to in 2017 Best smartwatches 2016: The best smart wristwear available to buy today Apple Watch Series 2 review: Fitness first Popular In Smartwatches On Pocket-lint Best smartwatches to look forward to in 2017 The Pocket-lint guide to smartwatch etiquette Emporio Armani Connected preview: Simple and sophisticated Best smartwatches and wearables of CES 2017: What to expect Best Android Wear smartwatch 2016: The best smartwatches available on Google's platform Google to launch two Android Wear watches in 2017, others also expected Which Apple Watch should you choose? Nixon Mission review: Surf and snow goes hardcore Apple Watch Series 2 freezing problems make Apple pull watchOS update DieselOn Time preview: Solid, stylish, smart LG launches Super UHD TVs with Nano Cell technology for more accurate colours Best smartphones to look forward to in 2017 Best fitness trackers 2017: The best activity bands to buy today Best smartwatches to look forward to in 2017 HTC Ocean Note could be called the U Ultra New Samsung Galaxy A series to fill gap until Galaxy S8, spec and release date revealed Apple iOS 10 tips and tricks: See what your iPhone and iPad can do now Dell unveils XPS 13 2-in-1 laptop at CES 2017 BlackBerry users get reprieve from WhatsApp cutoff CES 2017: What is it and what to expect Comments search News All news Reviews Hands-on All reviews Features Buyer's guides Vs All features Sections Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR Popular Brands Apple Samsung HTC Microsoft Google Facebook Lego Panasonic LG Amazon Extras & Social Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Google+ YouTube Events Pocket-lint Gadget Awards Regulars Comps Copyright Pocket-lint ltd 2003 - 2017 Site map Contact us About us Reviews policy Site policy Advertise on Pocket-lint
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR more Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ Apple Tech Headphones Tim Cook says AirPods are ‘a runaway success,’ but that means nothing without numbers New, 68 comments by Jacob Kastrenakes Dec 28, 2016, 4:11pm EST share tweet Linkedin Tim Cook wandered into the New York Stock Exchange this morning and started taking questions about his holiday plans, product sales, and AirPods. His responses raised some big questions — Why isn’t he at NASDAQ, where AAPL is traded? Does he really think the NYSE will be a fun trip for his nephew? — but the biggest question he left unanswered is around the initial success of AirPods. In response to a comment about the AirPods selling after their launch this month, Cook said that the product has been “a runaway success” and that Apple is “making them just as fast as we can” in order to meet demand. NEW: Apple CEO Tim Cook tells CNBC that "it's been a great holiday" and the company's new Airpod headphones "are a run away success" pic.twitter.com/lDo0Fdw7ym— CNBC Now (@CNBCnow) December 28, 2016 By some measures, that appears to be true. Within a day of their December 13th launch, AirPods were shipping on a six-week delay that continues today. In-store pickup for AirPods units isn’t expected to be available again until mid-February. But that’s all anecdotal, since the product’s availability is limited by how many units Apple was able to get off the assembly line before launch and how quickly it’s now able to make more of them. Cook’s comments don’t do much to elaborate on what we’re already seeing — they’re the kind of generically positive statement you’d expect him to make after any Apple product is released. The reality is that we have no idea how well the AirPods are doing, and we’re unlikely to get firm info on them out of Apple anytime soon. Apple did not respond to a request for more details on the AirPods’ sales figures, nor on whether it would highlight the AirPods during its coming earnings releases. Related Apple AirPods review: wireless that wows, earbuds that don't Instead, we’ll probably only hear about the AirPods’ sales in the same vague terms that Cook is already giving us. When it presents its quarterly earnings next month, AirPods sales are likely to be included under Apple’s “Other Products” category, where they’ll be lumped in with revenue from Beats, iPods, Apple Watches, Apple TVs, and various accessories. Movements in that group’s results are hard to analyze, since they could come from any number of different places. That ambiguity is intentional, and it’s something we’ve been seeing Apple do more and more of late, as it expands into untested product areas with gadgets that aren’t necessarily ready to sweep the market (like the Apple Watch). It gives Apple room to fail without doing so publicly, while signaling to investors that it doesn’t yet see a product as particularly important to the company’s overall success. (“Other Products” represented only 5 percent of Apple’s most recent quarterly sales.) “Other Products” are important for the long term, but not right now Apple has always been particular when it comes to controlling the messaging around its products, and we’ve seen it twisting and turning a lot lately when it comes to sales figures. It decided to stop releasing initial iPhone sales figures when it looked like the iPhone 7 wouldn’t outsell the 6S. And when it came to combatting a recent report indicating sinking Apple Watch sales, Cook responded with metrics that don’t necessarily say much. The best metrics of the AirPods’ success will likely come from outside tracking firms, since the little information we do get from Apple will be difficult to read. When and if Apple does decide to say how well the AirPods are doing, it’d likely be because they hit a big and successful milestone. If that doesn’t come, that could be telling, too. More From The Verge The Verge: 2016 Yearbook The best games for your new PC or Mac The 15 best movies of 2016 Behind the scenes at Faraday Future, an electric carmaker on the brink of collapse The Verge 2016 tech report card: Facebook The best apps you didn’t know you needed for your new Android phone Now Trending CES 2017: What to expect at the biggest tech trade show of the year Olympus E-M1 Mark II review: the camera that warps time Dell has turned one of the best Windows laptops into a 2-in-1 hybrid This Article has a component height of 14. The sidebar size is medium. Loading comments... The Latest US & World Transportation Massive lines at US airports after nationwide customs outage by Rich McCormick A problem in the computer systems used by United States Customs and Border Protection (CBP) authorities has left thousands stuck in airports and unable to enter the country. Officials from the CBP confirmed to CBS News that the outage was... New, 0 comments Circuit Breaker CES 2017 News Microsoft This is Lenovo’s Windows Holographic VR headset by Sam Byford@345triangle Lenovo just showed us its first VR headset, a prototype device that works with Microsoft’s Windows Holographic platform. Next to other tethered PC headsets like the Oculus Rift or the HTC Vive, it’s noticeably smaller and lighter — Lenovo says... New, 1 comment CES 2017 News Circuit Breaker Tech Samsung's new four-in-one washer / dryer takes laundry to the extreme by Chaim Gartenberg@cgartenberg I hate doing laundry more than any other chore in my life. Between dragging a laundry bag around the corner to the laundromat, lugging detergent, counting out the right amount of quarters, and waiting for loads to finish, every load represents... New, 4 comments TL;DR Web Culture My winter happy place is Sarah Jessica Parker’s weird, gross Instagram by Kaitlyn Tiffany Sarah Jessica Parker — America’s sweetheart, New York City’s mascot, relatable queen of cold-hearted romantic comedies, human vessel of Sex and the City’s omniscient tulle-loving narrator, mother of three, and guiding light to all — is an... New, 1 comment MIT study says 3,000 ride-sharing cars could replace every cab in New York City by Jordan Golson@jlgolson All 13,000 taxis in New York City could be replaced by a fleet of 3,000 ride-sharing cars if used exclusively for carpooling, according to research published today by MIT’s Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory (CSAIL). Instead... New, 9 comments Entertainment TV Culture Welcome to The Bachelor fantasy league: the only sport that matters by Kaitlyn Tiffany Love is a spectator sport where the players are also spectating. We gather friends around the Apple TV while we swipe through potential lovers on Tinder. We consider everyone we swap spit with fair game for public dissection, so long as they do... New, 2 comments Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
InsideTimmies SyrupShop Community News Phones Phones Lineage OS, the ROM formerly known as CyanogenMod, gets a new logo January 2, 2017 Samsung’s Galaxy S8 might feature PC functionality when connected to a monitor January 2, 2017 OnePlus starts rolling out Android Nougat OTA to OnePlus 3 and OP3T January 2, 2017 Samsung will reportedly soon reveal exactly why the Galaxy Note 7 caught fire January 2, 2017 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Microsoft Canada announces Holiday Super Sale December 17, 2016 Global tablet shipments rebound after years of sweeping decline, says report December 6, 2016 Microsoft Canada’s 12 Days of Deals promotion starts on December 5th December 2, 2016 Can Apple’s iPad Pro actually replace a laptop? November 30, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables 2016 wearable technology roundup January 2, 2017 The Vive 2 will not be revealed at CES, confirms HTC December 29, 2016 Italian eyewear maker partners with InteraXon to build fashionable wearables December 24, 2016 Pokémon Go is now available on the Apple Watch December 22, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories Samsung 128GB EVO Micro SDXC card, Goodland’s WiFi Repeater and other Amazon Canada discounts January 2, 2017 These Canadian Apple Stores have AirPods in stock December 30, 2016 Amazon’s Digital Days sale isn’t available in Canada, but here are a few tech deals December 30, 2016 Amazon patents enormous flying warehouse ‘airborne fulfillment centers’ December 29, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Google and Fiat Chrysler built a new Android-based infotainment system January 2, 2017 Volvo adds Skype for Business to 90 Series cars to further in-car productivity December 30, 2016 Ford’s latest autonomous Fusion Hybrid to debut at CES 2017 December 28, 2016 Panasonic dedicates $256 million to Tesla in a solar cell partnership December 28, 2016 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps Bring in the New Year with Table Tennis [Game of the Week] January 1, 2017 Make your New Years resolution ‘Drink more beer’ with Untappd [App of the Week] December 31, 2016 Classic NES Megaman games land on iOS and Android in Canada on January 5th December 30, 2016 Google Play offers 80 percent off paid mobile games in year end deal December 30, 2016 VIEW ALL Carriers Carriers Rogers may be expanding ‘Rogers-EXT’ January 2, 2017 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week January 1, 2017 Minister of Transport approves Santa to operate sleigh in Canada, reminds him to put away cellphone while driving December 23, 2016 Videotron’s Unlimited Music service adds SoundCloud to its catalogue December 22, 2016 VIEW ALL Plans Plans Rogers confirms its Roam Like Home service no longer requires a Share Everything plan December 19, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week November 27, 2016 CRTC renews broadcast packages for one year rather than seven following hearing November 21, 2016 CRTC hearing on differential pricing for Canadian data plans begins this week October 31, 2016 VIEW ALL Manufacturers Manufacturers Google and Fiat Chrysler built a new Android-based infotainment system January 2, 2017 LG challenges Amazon Echo, Google Home with new line of robots January 2, 2017 Leaks surface of Asus ZenFone AR, the second Google Tango phone January 2, 2017 7 trends to expect at CES 2017 January 1, 2017 VIEW ALL Reviews Phones Phones HTC 10, six months later December 27, 2016 OnePlus 3T Mini Review: Victory lap December 17, 2016 Huawei Nova Plus review: A solid mid-range Android for the right price December 14, 2016 Alcatel Idol 4 Review: Mid-range standout December 7, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Acer Switch Alpha 12 review: Not the affordable Surface Pro 4 alternative you’re looking for August 9, 2016 Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro S review: An overpriced first crack at the 2-in-1 crown May 25, 2016 Kindle Oasis review: The best e-reader is not worth the price of a high-end tablet May 4, 2016 9.7-inch iPad Pro Hands-on: Same tablet, smaller build March 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Oculus Rift with Touch Review: The Vive meets its match December 5, 2016 Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 Charge 2 Review: Fitbit’s best tracker yet may not be the best fit for you October 12, 2016 PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories Native Union’s Dock+ charging stand review: High-end charging December 10, 2016 AirPods review: Welcome to the wireless future September 19, 2016 Samsung Gear 360 review: Spherical eye September 4, 2016 Vancouver-based Hitcase’s rugged cases transform your iPhone into an action camera August 31, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive 2017 Lexus RX infotainment review: Staying the course December 28, 2016 2017 Cadillac CT6 Sedan Hands-on: Checking out Cadillac’s new connected car November 26, 2016 Android Auto 2.0 review: Google bridges the infotainment gap November 8, 2016 2016 Honda Civic infotainment review: CarPlay and Android Auto take over July 16, 2016 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps Ariana Grande is coming to the Final Fantasy universe as ‘Dangerous Woman’ January 2, 2017 Super Mario Run Review: Nintendo nails its mobile landing December 19, 2016 PlayStation 4 Pro Review: Generational sidestep December 9, 2016 Aeronaut is the prettiest memory game you ever did see [Game of the Week] October 20, 2016 VIEW ALL Features Latest Latest 2016 wearable technology roundup January 2, 2017 MobileSyrup’s top tech stories of 2016 December 30, 2016 Ian’s favourite things of 2016 December 30, 2016 Rose’s favourite things of 2016 December 29, 2016 VIEW ALL Tête-à-tête Tête-à-tête Tête-à-Tête: HTC Vive vs. PlayStation VR – Which VR headset is more impressive? September 26, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: How are Apple, Samsung, and BlackBerry playing the enterprise game? March 5, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: Has John Chen lost his mind? January 25, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: What is the appeal of the BlackBerry Classic? December 15, 2014 VIEW ALL SyrupCast SyrupCast SyrupCast 101: Looking back on 2016 December 30, 2016 SyrupCast Podcast 100: Ghosts of Christmas past December 16, 2016 SyrupCast Podcast 99: Goodnight Pebble December 9, 2016 SyrupCast Podcast 98: What’s going on with Google’s Pixel? December 2, 2016 VIEW ALL Buyers’ Guide Buyers' Guide Amazon opens Black Friday Store with discounts on thousands of items November 1, 2016 Father’s Day Gift Guide for the Fitness dad June 17, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Entertainment Dad June 15, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Gamer Dad June 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Editorials Editorials Every Android owner should check out the OnePlus Bullets V2 headphones December 29, 2016 Why I switched from a DSLR to Panasonic’s G85 mirrorless micro four thirds camera December 10, 2016 Can Apple’s iPad Pro actually replace a laptop? November 30, 2016 Why I settled on LG’s Stylo 2 Plus as my Galaxy Note 7 replacement November 19, 2016 VIEW ALL App/Game of the Week App/Game of the Week Bring in the New Year with Table Tennis [Game of the Week] January 1, 2017 Make your New Years resolution ‘Drink more beer’ with Untappd [App of the Week] December 31, 2016 Never miss a celebration with Bizarre Holiday Calendar [App of the Week] December 24, 2016 RollerCoaster Tycoon Classic faithfully recreates the classic PC game on mobile [Game of the Week] December 24, 2016 VIEW ALL Resources How-to’s How-to's How to upgrade from Windows Phone 8.1 to Windows 10 Mobile December 17, 2016 Canadian streaming app comparison: Netflix, CraveTV, Amazon Prime Video, Club Illico December 14, 2016 Amazon Prime Video in Canada: Complete TV and movie list December 14, 2016 How to enable Wi-Fi calling on your iPhone December 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Coverage Map Outage Map About About Us Contact & Tips Advertise Contests News Phones Phones Lineage OS, the ROM formerly known as CyanogenMod, gets a new logo January 2, 2017 Samsung’s Galaxy S8 might feature PC functionality when connected to a monitor January 2, 2017 OnePlus starts rolling out Android Nougat OTA to OnePlus 3 and OP3T January 2, 2017 Samsung will reportedly soon reveal exactly why the Galaxy Note 7 caught fire January 2, 2017 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Microsoft Canada announces Holiday Super Sale December 17, 2016 Global tablet shipments rebound after years of sweeping decline, says report December 6, 2016 Microsoft Canada’s 12 Days of Deals promotion starts on December 5th December 2, 2016 Can Apple’s iPad Pro actually replace a laptop? November 30, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables 2016 wearable technology roundup January 2, 2017 The Vive 2 will not be revealed at CES, confirms HTC December 29, 2016 Italian eyewear maker partners with InteraXon to build fashionable wearables December 24, 2016 Pokémon Go is now available on the Apple Watch December 22, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories Samsung 128GB EVO Micro SDXC card, Goodland’s WiFi Repeater and other Amazon Canada discounts January 2, 2017 These Canadian Apple Stores have AirPods in stock December 30, 2016 Amazon’s Digital Days sale isn’t available in Canada, but here are a few tech deals December 30, 2016 Amazon patents enormous flying warehouse ‘airborne fulfillment centers’ December 29, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Google and Fiat Chrysler built a new Android-based infotainment system January 2, 2017 Volvo adds Skype for Business to 90 Series cars to further in-car productivity December 30, 2016 Ford’s latest autonomous Fusion Hybrid to debut at CES 2017 December 28, 2016 Panasonic dedicates $256 million to Tesla in a solar cell partnership December 28, 2016 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps Bring in the New Year with Table Tennis [Game of the Week] January 1, 2017 Make your New Years resolution ‘Drink more beer’ with Untappd [App of the Week] December 31, 2016 Classic NES Megaman games land on iOS and Android in Canada on January 5th December 30, 2016 Google Play offers 80 percent off paid mobile games in year end deal December 30, 2016 VIEW ALL Carriers Carriers Rogers may be expanding ‘Rogers-EXT’ January 2, 2017 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week January 1, 2017 Minister of Transport approves Santa to operate sleigh in Canada, reminds him to put away cellphone while driving December 23, 2016 Videotron’s Unlimited Music service adds SoundCloud to its catalogue December 22, 2016 VIEW ALL Plans Plans Rogers confirms its Roam Like Home service no longer requires a Share Everything plan December 19, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week November 27, 2016 CRTC renews broadcast packages for one year rather than seven following hearing November 21, 2016 CRTC hearing on differential pricing for Canadian data plans begins this week October 31, 2016 VIEW ALL Manufacturers Manufacturers Google and Fiat Chrysler built a new Android-based infotainment system January 2, 2017 LG challenges Amazon Echo, Google Home with new line of robots January 2, 2017 Leaks surface of Asus ZenFone AR, the second Google Tango phone January 2, 2017 7 trends to expect at CES 2017 January 1, 2017 VIEW ALL Reviews Phones Phones HTC 10, six months later December 27, 2016 OnePlus 3T Mini Review: Victory lap December 17, 2016 Huawei Nova Plus review: A solid mid-range Android for the right price December 14, 2016 Alcatel Idol 4 Review: Mid-range standout December 7, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Acer Switch Alpha 12 review: Not the affordable Surface Pro 4 alternative you’re looking for August 9, 2016 Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro S review: An overpriced first crack at the 2-in-1 crown May 25, 2016 Kindle Oasis review: The best e-reader is not worth the price of a high-end tablet May 4, 2016 9.7-inch iPad Pro Hands-on: Same tablet, smaller build March 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Oculus Rift with Touch Review: The Vive meets its match December 5, 2016 Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 Charge 2 Review: Fitbit’s best tracker yet may not be the best fit for you October 12, 2016 PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories Native Union’s Dock+ charging stand review: High-end charging December 10, 2016 AirPods review: Welcome to the wireless future September 19, 2016 Samsung Gear 360 review: Spherical eye September 4, 2016 Vancouver-based Hitcase’s rugged cases transform your iPhone into an action camera August 31, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive 2017 Lexus RX infotainment review: Staying the course December 28, 2016 2017 Cadillac CT6 Sedan Hands-on: Checking out Cadillac’s new connected car November 26, 2016 Android Auto 2.0 review: Google bridges the infotainment gap November 8, 2016 2016 Honda Civic infotainment review: CarPlay and Android Auto take over July 16, 2016 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps Ariana Grande is coming to the Final Fantasy universe as ‘Dangerous Woman’ January 2, 2017 Super Mario Run Review: Nintendo nails its mobile landing December 19, 2016 PlayStation 4 Pro Review: Generational sidestep December 9, 2016 Aeronaut is the prettiest memory game you ever did see [Game of the Week] October 20, 2016 VIEW ALL Features Latest Latest 2016 wearable technology roundup January 2, 2017 MobileSyrup’s top tech stories of 2016 December 30, 2016 Ian’s favourite things of 2016 December 30, 2016 Rose’s favourite things of 2016 December 29, 2016 VIEW ALL Tête-à-tête Tête-à-tête Tête-à-Tête: HTC Vive vs. PlayStation VR – Which VR headset is more impressive? September 26, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: How are Apple, Samsung, and BlackBerry playing the enterprise game? March 5, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: Has John Chen lost his mind? January 25, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: What is the appeal of the BlackBerry Classic? December 15, 2014 VIEW ALL SyrupCast SyrupCast SyrupCast 101: Looking back on 2016 December 30, 2016 SyrupCast Podcast 100: Ghosts of Christmas past December 16, 2016 SyrupCast Podcast 99: Goodnight Pebble December 9, 2016 SyrupCast Podcast 98: What’s going on with Google’s Pixel? December 2, 2016 VIEW ALL Buyers’ Guide Buyers' Guide Amazon opens Black Friday Store with discounts on thousands of items November 1, 2016 Father’s Day Gift Guide for the Fitness dad June 17, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Entertainment Dad June 15, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Gamer Dad June 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Editorials Editorials Every Android owner should check out the OnePlus Bullets V2 headphones December 29, 2016 Why I switched from a DSLR to Panasonic’s G85 mirrorless micro four thirds camera December 10, 2016 Can Apple’s iPad Pro actually replace a laptop? November 30, 2016 Why I settled on LG’s Stylo 2 Plus as my Galaxy Note 7 replacement November 19, 2016 VIEW ALL App/Game of the Week App/Game of the Week Bring in the New Year with Table Tennis [Game of the Week] January 1, 2017 Make your New Years resolution ‘Drink more beer’ with Untappd [App of the Week] December 31, 2016 Never miss a celebration with Bizarre Holiday Calendar [App of the Week] December 24, 2016 RollerCoaster Tycoon Classic faithfully recreates the classic PC game on mobile [Game of the Week] December 24, 2016 VIEW ALL Resources How-to’s How-to's How to upgrade from Windows Phone 8.1 to Windows 10 Mobile December 17, 2016 Canadian streaming app comparison: Netflix, CraveTV, Amazon Prime Video, Club Illico December 14, 2016 Amazon Prime Video in Canada: Complete TV and movie list December 14, 2016 How to enable Wi-Fi calling on your iPhone December 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Coverage Map Outage Map About About Us Contact & Tips Advertise Contests Close Android 7.1.1 update will come to the Nexus 6, Pixel and Pixel XL in January LG set to launch line of wireless audio wearables and floating speaker at CES 2017 Apple CEO Tim Cook calls AirPods a ‘runaway success’ after ‘great’ holiday sales season Jessica Vomiero December 28, 2016 3:31pm Apple CEO Tim Cook answered a few questions from reporters while on a tour of the New York Stock Exchange with his nephew this week. When asked whether or not he could comment on the business, Cook expectedly denied comment, though stated that Apple has had a “great holiday.” A CNBC reporter went on to question Cook about Apple’s shortage of the company’s recently-released AirPods. Cook called the accessory a “runaway success,” and claimed that Apple is making them as fast as they can. The AirPods were introduced in mid-December and began shipping to customers on December 19th, which was also the first day retailers began carrying the accessory. Apple’s wireless AirPods were introduced alongside the iPhone 7 in September, and were to officially launch with retailers in October. However, rather than picking up a pair of AirPods in October, Apple told customers it needed “a little more time” to ship them. Since their official release, Apple users have continued to experience difficulty purchasing them. Online orders for Apple’s AirPods placed today won’t ship for approximately six weeks due to constrained supplies. Check out our full review of Apple’s AirPods. SourceCNBC Techguru86 Lol tim cook is so full of it and will say about anything to keep his job, considering how much negative publicity his products have been getting lately Mo Dabbas Well, he’s not gonna say negative things about his products. It’s part of the distorted reality that apple pulls on their customers. Now I’m not saying the product is bad, I think there is bits of smart technology that will move to the beats wireless headphones soon. I just think it’s extremely overpriced for what you get and the sound quality. I think the beats power beats 3 has the same technology in it, looks and sounds better, more versatile, and more battery life, and it’s at the same price (maybe 20 bucks more or so). ciderrules Doesn’t need to “say anything” to keep his job. He keeps his job because he’s very good at running Apple. That’s why he still has about $400 million in stock set to vest over the next 5 years ON TOP of the over $100 million he’s already cashed in ON TOP of his actual salary. Brad Fortin Most of the negativity I’ve heard has been from online commenters who’ve never used the product, while most of the people who’ve actually used the product have had nothing but good things to say about them. Techguru86 I’ve used them and they are definitely not as good as my beats I got with my HTC. Everything Apple is overhyped and overpriced Brad Fortin Neat, you’ve managed to find someone with AirPods and used them? Jason van de Laar Have to admit, these have some pretty neat features built in. Shogun Such as?? Jason van de Laar @Shogun @neo905 1) Very easy to pair to your phone 2) Once they are paired to one device on your Apple ID they are automatically paired to all your other devices on that Apple ID. 3) Proximity sensors built in, media pauses automatically when removed from your ear. 4) Long battery life and they charge quickly 5) Touch sensitive, tap to play,pause and change music tracks, no clunky physical buttons. I admit they are very gimmicky and overpriced but they do have some interesting tech on board. neo905 I agree with shotgun…Such as? Especially for what they charge. Shogun Why? What is so compelling about these earphones really? There is nothing unique about them at all beyond the ability to lose them easier than anything else one wears on their head. I like Apple but honestly the company is going downhill when it needs to reassure people of its perceived success Brad Fortin “What is so compelling about these earphones really?” Ease of use, convenience, handy features, decent audio quality, great call quality and voice recognition, great battery life with quick charging. Not having to deal with Bluetooth pairing, unpairing and repairing to change devices, not having to deal with range issues and audio cutting out, not having to pause when taking them out or unpause when putting them back in, being able to listen to both or one independently, being able to get a few hours of charge in the amount of time it takes to get a glass of water, these are all conveniences people are willing to pay for. Donovan I love the features. These would be great if they actually sounded like $220 earphones. Ludicrous that anyone would buy these over other wireless offerings as actual music listening devices (even Beats are a better deal!). Ravage Holy I picked them up a few days ago and I must say I love them. One of the coolest gadgets I’ve really cared about in a long time. I’ve had BT headphones before and these work better than all of them. Easy to pair, never drops out…can walk around the whole house. Great battery life and they really do sound good. Pricy yes, but they work and seem like they’ll last so I don’t mind paying a premium. Alex finally, a comment from an Airpods owner. I 100% agree with you. Got them since day 1, and loved it. Its over priced when you look at it, but when you use it, its worth it. Pingback: Cook: AirPods a runaway success() Pingback: Apple CEO Tim Cook: AirPods are a runaway success() Cowpoke Lil’ Johnny Chen is gonna bring out the BB version soon…made outta Bakelite an’ weighin’ 40 pounds! h2oflyer Nobody knows what Bakelite is and it is heavy. I thought I was the only one here remembering the 50’s. Cowpoke I can remember the Cuban Missile Crisis an’ Howlin’ Wolf! h2oflyer Today’s history lesson….we got ’em googling now! Pingback: Apple CEO Tim Cook: AirPods are a runaway success - Up-to-date technology news and reviews() Zach Gilbert You can, we just need to approve the link before it goes live. Ipse Thanks, I know about the approval process, it’s just that it seemed more relaxed lately and it wasn’t a bad thing. Yearoftherat Of course Cook is going to say something positive about the sales of the AirPods or anything else they sell.It’s all PR and nothing else..gotta keep the fan boys happy. Get Updates Sign-up for MobileSyrup news sent straight to your inbox Categories News Reviews Features Resources Contests Contact About Us Advertise Jobs Social Twitter Pinterest Facebook RSS Google+ Instagram YouTube Search Get Updates © 2017 MobileSyrup.com. Privacy | Terms of Use
null
Neowin Login Sign up News Features Forums Deals More Subscribe Store Chat on IRC Send Tip Write for Neowin About Us Advertising Facebook Twitter Follow @neowinfeed Google+ Owners of Apple's wireless AirPods complain of battery draining issues with charging case By Andy Weir Senior News Editor Neowin LLC @gcaweir · Dec 28, 2016 · Hot! with 64 comments In September, Apple unveiled the AirPods, its new wireless earbuds designed to fix the problem that it created when it released its latest iPhones without a dedicated headphone port. Apple promised to launch them in late October, but at the end of that month, the company suddenly delayed their release, saying: "We don't believe in shipping a product before it's ready." Earlier this month, the AirPods finally went on sale, and began shipping shortly before Christmas. But some owners of the $159 earbuds are now questioning whether the product was indeed ready to ship when it did, amid a growing number of complaints about battery charging issues. MacRumors reports that some users have reported abnormally high battery drainage while the AirPods are in their charging case. The earbuds offer up to five hours of usage before they need to be charged, and the case contains its own battery which can charge the AirPods on the go. According to Apple, the case offers "more than 24 hours of battery life" - but some owners say that they're not getting anywhere near that. Those affected say that even when both the AirPods and the case are fully charged, the case continues to drain its battery at an alarming rate with the wireless earbuds stored inside. One user on Reddit, 'severinskulls', said that after leaving his AirPods in the case overnight - with both case and buds charged to 100% - he regularly awoke to discover that the case had still lost up to 20% of its charge. Another owner said: I started with a 100% level for both the buds and case yesterday. I used the buds for maybe 3 hours, then put them back into the case. This morining my case is at 50%! Seriously! This is not even close to the 24 hours. The other 2 days I used about 5 hours and the case was already down to 30%. It's not yet clear how widespread the issue is, but it certainly doesn't affect all devices, with many owners of AirPods describing a problem-free experience with both the earbuds and the charging case. But that comes as little comfort to those who are affected by the problem, and it appears that the only available solution is to seek a replacement charging case from Apple. Apple's quality control has increasingly come under the spotlight in recent months, amid a series of issues affecting its products after launch. Following widespread complaints about the disappointing battery life of its new MacBook Pro notebooks, Apple addressed the issue by removing the battery life 'time remaining' indicator from its OS. Following the release of its iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, some users reported that their phones were 'hissing' during heavy usage, while others experienced issues connecting to a cellular signal after exiting Airplane Mode. Some owners described early problems with the wired EarPods that Apple ships with its latest iPhones too. Earlier this month, Apple also pulled its watchOS 3.1.1 software update after some users complained that it had permanently bricked their devices. Source: MacRumors Tags Apple Airpods Charging case Wireless headphones Battery issue Like Tweet Share Share Report a problem with article Previous Story Samsung has made it easier for Windows 10 Mobile users to switch to its Android devices Next Story Microsoft announces the first major update to Office.com Community Activity Refresh Trump will to recognize Crimea to Russia in Real World Issues Windows 10 Creators Update reportedly arriving in April; will be feature-locked this month in Front Page News BANNED You are not Permitted to view this Forum - Not Really in Site & Forum Issues NetWorx 5.5.4 in Front Page News Rainmeter 4.0.0.2746 in Front Page News Thecus W2810PRO review, a NAS device running Windows Storage Server 2012 R2 Essentials in Front Page News Internet Explorer suffers 55% YoY decline in market share, Google Chrome increases slightly in Front Page News Xbox One S available from $279 today, and two new 'Games with Gold' titles in Front Page News Related Stories Apple's new AirPods get teardown treatment, with a 0 repairability score Dec 21, 2016 · Hot! Apple's Airpods are available from today with 'click and collect' delivery Dec 20, 2016 · Hot! Repair and replacement details for Apple's AirPods announced - replacements will be $69 Dec 16, 2016 · Hot! Apple's BeatsX Bluetooth headphones won't be shipping until February Dec 13, 2016 · Hot! deals PureVPN: Lifetime Subscription $597.00 $69.00 88% off Pay What You Want: White Hat Hacker 2017 Bundle $1,271.00 $1.00 100% off Scrivener for Windows $40.00 $20.00 50% off Wireless Charging Pad for Qi-Enabled Devices $68.00 $18.99 72% off VPN Unlimited: Lifetime Subscription $499.99 $29.99 94% off Show Comments 64 Comments - Add comment Sort by oldest first (thread view) Sort by newest first (thread view) Sort by oldest first (linear view) Sort by newest first (linear view) Report Comment Close Please enter your reason for reporting this comment. BBCode Helper Close The following codes can be used in comments. [b]bold[/b] [i]italics[/i] [u]underline[/u] [s] strikethrough[/s] [url]link[/url] [img]imageurl[/img] [quote]text[/quote] Company Contact Us About Us Write for Neowin Advertising Community Forums Subscribe Chat on IRC Neowin Deals Social Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube DMCA Policy Terms of Use Privacy Statement © Since 2000 Neowin LLC. All trademarks mentioned are the property of their respective owners. Top of Page Login Close Username or email: Password Remember me Sign In Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Google Sign in with Live ID Loading
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming CES 2017 Blu-ray Players DVRs and Media players Gadgets Headphones Portable Audio Projectors More Surround Sound Systems TVs Trending: Christmas Gift Guide Apple Watch 2 iPhone 7 Galaxy S7 vs iPhone 6S Google Pixel Galaxy S7 Home / News / Headphones News / Tim Cook calls AirPods ‘a runaway success,’ but some users are reporting issues Tim Cook calls AirPods ‘a runaway success,’ but some users are reporting issues by Chris Smith 28 December 2016 0 shares Read Comments Tim Cook is supposed to be on vacation for the Christmas period, but instead he’s touring the New York Stock Exchange and informing reporters Apple had a “great holiday." Cook also claimed the long-delayed AirPods wireless earphones that began arriving just in time for insertion in Christmas stockings, have been a “runaway success.” Related: Apple AirPods first look The Apple CEO said: "We're making them just as fast as we can." Those ordering today will need to wait six weeks if ordering online today. However, actually acquiring them isn’t the only AirPods-related issue currently doing the rounds. (via MacRumors). Some who already own the W1-enabled wireless wonders claim the battery case accessory is having a hard time maintaining charge when inactive. The case, which is designed to replenish the AirPods multiple times from a single charge is supposed to provide a full 24 hours of usage. However, some users are noticing drains upwards of 40% within a few hours, even when the AirPods are fully charged within. One Redditor enduring the problem received a replacement from Apple and did not experience the issue second time around. Other posters’ AirPods cases are also suffering from the issue. So, it appears at least some cases in the wild are faulty. How widespread the issue actually is remains to be seen. iPhone 7 vs iPhone 7 Plus Have you received AirPods in the last week? Share your first impressions in the comments section below. Latest Deals From Ebay Apple AirPods Wireless Earphones _ Brand NEW 14 bids $217.50 View Item AirRings for Apple Airpods - Exclusive for Apple iPhone 7 / iPhone 7 Plus $9.99 View Item Apple Airpods Wireless New In Hand Ships Via USPS Priority Mail $242.89 View Item 0 shares Read Comments toboev December 29, 2016, 4:48 pm Given the ongoing risk of having to replace them when the little blighters have disappeared, "run away" could be the measure of their success. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2017, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
Movies Spencer Wilding Talks Preparing To Play Darth Vader In Rogue One: A Star Wars Story Christian's Past Catches Up With Him In New Fifty Shades Darker TV Spot Disney To Receive $50M Insurance Payout For Carrie Fisher's Death Rogue One: A Star Wars Story Artist Sheds Some Light On Darth Vader's Mysterious Castle New Fan-Art Imagines What Dwayne Johnson Will Look Like Suited Up As Shazam's Black Adam View All News Movie Reviews Passengers Review Live By Night Review Fences Review Gaming Castlevania: Dracula X Now Available On New Nintendo 3DS Carrie Fisher Had A Secret Role In The Original Dishonored 10 Hidden Gaming Gems From 2016 That You Must Play New Dragon Quest XI Footage Showcases Dragon Riding Sony's President Lists Final Fantasy XV As His Game Of The Year View All News Gaming Reviews The Walking Dead: A New Frontier Episode 2: Ties That Bind (Part Two) Review Drive!Drive!Drive! Review The Walking Dead: A New Frontier - Episode 1: Ties That Bind (Part One) Review TV Agents Of S.H.I.E.L.D. Promo Poster Contains A Marvel Comics LMD Reference A Younger Saw Gerrera Gets The Spotlight In New Star Wars Rebels Trailer Netflix Releases Frightful New Teaser For A Series Of Unfortunate Events See If You Can Spot The Batman Easter Egg In This New Powerless Image DC Entertainment Head Honcho Geoff Johns Teases New TV Show Coming Soon View All News TV Reviews Sherlock Season 4 Review Doctor Who: The Return of Doctor Mysterio Review Sense8: A Christmas Special Review Music Watch CNN's NYE Interview With Skrillex And Marshmello Eric Prydz To Release New Pryda Album In 2017 Watch Justin Bieber Perform "Sorry" With Skrillex And Marshmello Avicii Promises To Make His Best Album Yet In 2017 The Chainsmokers Hint At Vocal Collaborator For Next Single View All News Music Reviews Adventure Club - Red // Blue Review Deadmau5 - W:/2016Album Review The Weeknd - Starboy Review Reviews Sherlock Season 4 Review Doctor Who: The Return of Doctor Mysterio Review The Walking Dead: A New Frontier Episode 2: Ties That Bind (Part Two) Review Drive!Drive!Drive! Review Passengers Review View All Reviews The Walking Dead: A New Frontier - Episode 1: Ties That Bind (Part One) Review Live By Night Review Shantae: Half-Genie Hero Review Fences Review Featured WGTC's Top 10 Comic Books Of 2016 In Defense Of: The Punisher (2004) Dancing In The Moonlight: Matt Donato's 25 Best Movies Of 2016 10 Films From 2016 That We Wish We Could Unsee We Got This Covered's Top 10 TV Shows Of 2016 View All Features 10 Hidden Gaming Gems From 2016 That You Must Play We Got This Covered's Top 10 Movies Of 2016 We Got This Covered's Game Of The Year Awards 2016 30 Movies That'll Have Everyone Talking In 2017 Food About Write For Us   Subscribe to our newsletter Comments x Home / gaming Pokémon Go Is Now Available On Apple Watch By Shaan Joshi @KneehighPark 5 days ago 0 If you picked up (or were gifted) an Apple Watch this holiday season, you’ll be glad to know that the Apple Watch version of Pokémon Go is available for download. Announced earlier this year at an Apple event, this watchOS version of the wildly-popular mobile Pokémon game bears little resemblance to its iOS counterpart, though it does feature some quality of life improvements that’s sure to please fans. For starters, the Apple Watch version Pokémon Go allows players to keep track of their movement and amount of steps more easily. Racking of steps is necessary in order to hatch Pokémon eggs, meaning that users will no longer have to keep the app open on their phone in order to make any progress on that front. Similarly, the Apple Watch will also notify players of nearby PokéStops, allowing them to ‘check in’ and collect useful items such as Pokéballs. However, when it comes to actually hunting down Pokémon, players will need to pull out their iPhones. While the Apple Watch will keep track of nearby Pokémon, the actual act of ‘battling’ and capturing nearby creatures must be done on a phone. While the Apple Watch version doesn’t completely remove the need to keep a cell phone nearby, it does allow players to handle more simple tasks directly from their watch, which will hopefully conserve cell phone battery life. As a last minute reminder, if you haven’t already captured a holiday-themed Pikachu (sporting a festive hat), today is your last day to do so! Tags: Pokemon Go 0 MORE NEWS FROM THE WEB Promoted Content TRENDING Articles Topics Videos US Avengers #1 Plants Its Flag In Comic Shops This Week WGTC’s Top 10 Comic Books Of 2016 Sylvester Stallone Says The Expendables 4 Is Going To Be “Something Different” The Walking Dead Rogue One: A Star Wars Story Transformers: The Last Knight Westworld Justice League The Mummy Logan Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 We Got This Covered Presents: Movie Rewind 2016 Tom Hardy’s Out For Revenge In Dark New Taboo Trailer Eerie First Trailer For Alien: Covenant Unleashes A New Breed Of Horror All Posts Read More Movies Spencer Wilding Talks Preparing To Play Darth Vader In Rogue One: A Star Wars Story January 2, 2017 Read More TV Agents Of S.H.I.E.L.D. Promo Poster Contains A Marvel Comics LMD Reference January 2, 2017 Read More Comic Books The Whisperer War Comes To An End In This First Look At Wednesday’s The Walking Dead #162 January 2, 2017 Read More Comic Books Nicole Perlman Explains The Difference Between Writing Gamora In The Comics And Movies January 2, 2017 Read More Movies Christian’s Past Catches Up With Him In New Fifty Shades Darker TV Spot January 2, 2017 Read More Movies Disney To Receive $50M Insurance Payout For Carrie Fisher’s Death January 2, 2017 Read More TV A Younger Saw Gerrera Gets The Spotlight In New Star Wars Rebels Trailer January 2, 2017 Read More Movies Rogue One: A Star Wars Story Artist Sheds Some Light On Darth Vader’s Mysterious Castle January 2, 2017 Read More Movies New Fan-Art Imagines What Dwayne Johnson Will Look Like Suited Up As Shazam’s Black Adam January 2, 2017 Read More Comic Books Expect “The Darkest Emotional Conflict” In New Hulk Title January 2, 2017 Read More Movies Mad Max: Fury Road Stunt Team Will Provide Their Services For Aquaman January 2, 2017 Read More Comic Books The War Rages On In Death Of Hawkman #4 January 2, 2017 Read More Music Watch CNN’s NYE Interview With Skrillex And Marshmello January 2, 2017 Read More Movies Cars 3 Trailer Announcement Teases An Extended Look Next Week January 2, 2017 Read More Music Eric Prydz To Release New Pryda Album In 2017 January 2, 2017 Loading more posts... No more posts. From the web TRENDING Articles Topics Videos US Avengers #1 Plants Its Flag In Comic Shops This Week WGTC’s Top 10 Comic Books Of 2016 Sylvester Stallone Says The Expendables 4 Is Going To Be “Something Different” The Walking Dead Rogue One: A Star Wars Story Transformers: The Last Knight Westworld Justice League The Mummy Logan Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 We Got This Covered Presents: Movie Rewind 2016 Tom Hardy’s Out For Revenge In Dark New Taboo Trailer Eerie First Trailer For Alien: Covenant Unleashes A New Breed Of Horror Trending 10 Films From 2016 That We Wish We Could Unsee We Got This Covered’s Top 10 TV Shows Of 2016 There’s “Something Else” In The Works For Deadpool And Wolverine
JavaScript is currently disabled in your browser. In order to watch videos and to navigate this website, JavaScript needs to be enabled. Here are the instructions how to enable JavaScript in your web browser. Your browser is out of date and not supported. Click here to download the latest version of Internet Explorer. Listen to Kim Find a Station Get Kim's Free Newsletter Join Kim's Club Sign In Sign In Shop The Show About the Show Station Finder Show Picks Watch Show Listen Free Podcasts About Kim Read Comparison Charts Apps Buying Guides Columns Cool Sites Downloads Forums Happening Now News New Technologies Small Business Tips Videos All Videos The Show Kim's News Updates Kim's Picks Kim's Reports Komando Reports Komando Flash Tips All Sections Win Join Kim's Club Get Email Updates Shop The Show Kim's show sponsors About the Show Station Finder Show Picks Watch Show Listen Free Podcasts About Kim Read Comparison Charts Apps Buying Guides Columns Cool Sites Downloads Forums Happening Now News New Technologies Small Business Tips More Videos Win Shop The Show Kim's show sponsors About the Show Station Finder Show Picks Watch Show Listen Free Podcasts About Kim Read Comparison Charts Apps Buying Guides Columns Cool Sites Downloads Forums Happening Now News New Technologies Small Business Tips Videos All Videos The Show Kim's News Updates Kim's Picks Kim's Reports Komando Reports Komando Flash Tips All Sections Win Happening Now December 28, 2016 Leave a comment Is the new MacBook Pro a dud? By Francis Navarro, Komando.com Last month, Apple released its new versions of its MacBook Pro line. This flagship laptop line has not been refreshed since 2012 and for fans and tech pundits alike, the refresh was long overdue. With much fanfare, they were unveiled during Apple's "Hello Again" event and the first impressions about these new portable workhorses were mostly positive. The new laptops are touted as the thinnest and lightest MacBook Pros ever made and with the addition of significant hardware upgrades, like the OLED TouchBar and the Touch ID sensor, they are certainly the most advanced. Earlier on, a few of Apple's design decisions, mainly the removal of the traditional USB ports in favor of Thunderbolt 3, were highly polarizing points of debate and punching bags of users complaining of "dongle hell" - the necessary use of external adapters to use older peripherals. According to fans, this betrays the portable essence of a MacBook Pro. Dongle hell may be one compromise that MacBook Pro users will have to deal with for now but it looks like Apple has a bigger problem on their hands regarding this flagship line. Last week, Consumer Reports failed to give the new line of MacBook Pros a "recommended" rating due to inconsistent battery life test results. This is the first in the product line's history that it failed to achieve Consumer Reports' "recommended" rating. User complaints about the new MacBook Pro line's inconsistent battery life have been circulating online since the laptops went on sale. Apple's spec sheet claims that these MacBook Pros' battery life should last up to 10 hours but Apple support forum users reported that their laptop's batteries ran down only after three to four hours of use. Consumer Reports' exhaustive lab tests on the three new models of MacBook Pro prove that these reports are likely to be true. The test models' battery life fluctuated widely from more than 19 hours to a paltry four hours. What they found Consumer Reports state that its review team tested the three new MacBook Pros - the 13-inch and 15-inch models with the TouchBar and the entry-level 13-incher without the TouchBar. All of their units were bought straight from retail to "ensure that the models we test are identical to the ones a consumer would purchase." Consumer Report's battery tests are performed in a highly controlled environment with an exhaustive range of tasks like sequential web browsing with the laptop screen's brightness turned up to 100 nits. All test units were updated to the latest operating system as well. "The MacBook Pro battery life results were highly inconsistent from one trial to the next," wrote Jerry Beilinson of Consumer Reports in a blog post. Their results showed that in a trio of consecutive tests, the 13-incher with TouchBar model ran for 16 hours on the first test, 12.75 on the second and a mere 3.75 hours on the third. The 13-inch MacBook Pro without the TouchBar ran for 19.5 hours on one test but only managed 4.5 hours on another test. The 15-inch model's battery performance ranged from 18.5 hours to 8 hours. "A laptop's battery life may vary from one trial to another by less than 5 percent," Beilinson said. "However, the widely disparate figures we found in the MacBook Pro tests, an average wouldn't reflect anything a consumer would be likely to experience in the real world." He continued to explain that battery life is an important attribute for a laptop and it represents a significant portion of their overall score. "After tallying all their test results," he added. "Consumer Reports finds that all three MacBook Pro laptops fail to meet our standards for recommended models." Apple's response According to Consumer Reports, Apple declined to comment on tests results but recommended that "Any customer who has a question about their Mac or its operation should contact AppleCare." However, a tweet from Phil Schiller, Apple's senior vice president of worldwide marketing, states that they are working with Consumer Reports to understand their battery tests since Apple's own lab tests and data doesn't match the results. For their part, Consumer Reports said that they have already pulled the diagnostic files from the three test units and shared them with Apple to help them diagnose and fix any problem. With the cooperation of the two parties, hopefully, improvements will be made and Consumer Reports will run new tests and maybe, amend the new MacBook Pro line's rating back to "recommended." More articles you can't miss: Apple explains why it killed popular MacBook Pro feature Easiest way to backup your smartphone iPhone 8: Leaked documents confirm existence of a premium version Please share this information with everyone. Just click on any of these social media buttons.  Email  Facebook  Twitter  Google+  Pinterest Source: NBC News Apple computers Consumer Reports MacBook Pro               BREAKING NEWS, TIPS, AND MORE LIKED WHAT YOU READ? GET MORE IN YOUR INBOX FREE. Stay up-to-date the easy way. SIGN ME UP! Previous Happening Now Which product stole the show this Christmas? Next Happening Now 6-year-old unlocks mother's phone to go on unauthorized shopping spree Related Articles The funniest MacBook Pro touch bar hacks Sponsor: Ransomware impacting more businesses than you realize Instagram 101: Get started with the photo-focused social media site 30 security terms you need to know to protect yourself online X SUBSCRIBE View Comments () More Articles Brainteaser: Can you spot your name in this puzzle? White House report warns that millions of jobs may be in trouble Get paid to exercise and keep your New Year's resolution Instagram 101: Get started with the photo-focused social media site Watch out for this hitman text message scam Ford to unveil its new self-driving hybrid car in CES this week 2017's most anticipated smartphones Tesla auto-pilot predicts and avoids crash before it even happens Can you figure out why these girls are missing a pair of legs? Top Story: New bug can crash your iPhone with a single text Protect your phone from secret spyware How to use free Wi-Fi for banking, shopping and safe browsing Biggest tech wins of 2016 Top Story: Smart home gadgets ripe for hacks - Attacks expected to rise in 2017 RIP: Top 5 tech products that vanished in 2016 Best budgeting and finance software available 5 health tests you can take online Will 2016 be remembered as the year of the data breach? Get notified when people read your emails 30 security terms you need to know to protect yourself online Trending Now The site The Shop The Show Downloads Tech News Tips Apps New Technologies   Happening Now Small Business Videos Station Finder Contests Forum   Backstage Contact Us About Kim FAQ's Manage your account Manage newsletters Advertise with us Flash Drives for Freedom   Affiliates Center Careers Operation Komando Returns & Exchanges Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Connect with Kim Like on Facebook Follow on Twitter Add on Google+ Follow on Pinterest Subscribe on YouTube Subscribe to Free Podcasts The Kim Komando Show ® and all material pertaining thereto is a Registered Trademark / Servicemark: No. 2,281,044. America's Digital Goddess ® and all material pertaining thereto is a Registered Trademark / Servicemark: No. 3,727,509. Digital Diva ® and all material pertaining thereto is a Registered Trademark / Servicemark: No, 2,463,516. Any and all other material herein is protected by Copyright © 1995 - 2017 WestStar MultiMedia Entertainment, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
null
CNET Reviews Best Products CNET 100 Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Crave Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home CNET Smart Home CNET Smart Apartment Smart Home News Smart Home How To Best Smart Home Devices Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español 5 reasons why Windows on ARM could change computing -- and 3 reasons it won't Microsoft cracked the code for putting full Windows on tablets and phones. Is it too little too late? Mobile by Sean Hollister December 27, 2016 12:00 PM PST @starfire2258 Up Next The robots are coming to CES, and we can't wait to meet them If Microsoft could go back in time, I've a pretty good idea what would happen. CEO Satya Nadella would hand his younger self the code for Microsoft's new Win32 on ARM emulator. It's the missing piece of the puzzle that could finally let Microsoft build Windows phones, razor-thin tablets and tiny laptops that people might actually want to buy. It could have maybe saved Microsoft billions of dollars and thousands of jobs, if the company had had it just a few years ago. See, Win32 refers to the traditional Windows desktop apps you know and love, like Office and Photoshop, VLC and Steam. Thing is, the versions of Windows that ran on phones or thin tablets never could use those all-important Win32 apps -- because the energy-efficient ARM processors that powered those devices weren't compatible. Would you rather have a thicker tablet, or a thinner, cheaper tablet that couldn't run all your apps? That was the choice in 2012, but Microsoft didn't make it clear.Photo by Josh Lowensohn/CNET It was actually quite the scandal back in 2012, when Microsoft tried to sell the first Microsoft Surface RT tablet with a stripped-down version of Windows -- Windows RT -- instead of the real thing. Microsoft lost nearly a billion dollars when the Surface RT didn't sell, and nearly $8 billion more when it had to write off all its Nokia phones. But this year, Microsoft says it's finally cracked the code. On December 7, the company announced it would bring the full Windows 10 operating system, including Win32 apps, to ARM-based Qualcomm processors. That means real Windows desktop apps could run on phones -- and beyond. Is it too little too late? Here are five reasons why this single achievement could change the computing landscape -- and three ways it could fail yet again. Why Windows on ARM could succeed Enlarge Image The Surface Book is nearly an inch thick. (The Surface Pro 4 is a third of an inch -- but the iPad is less than a quarter-inch thick.)Photo by Sarah Tew/CNET 1) Windows tablets could trounce the iPad The Surface Pro and Surface Book might be awesome Windows computers, but no one's mistaking them for an Apple iPad -- they're comparatively thick, heavy and generally far more expensive. Meanwhile, Apple's iPad still hasn't quite gotten to the point where it can replace a computer for many people. (That's probably why the Mac still exists.) Microsoft's Windows 10 OS has the chops to be for both a PC and a tablet, but few companies have managed to produce a competitive tablet using Intel processors. (The Samsung TabPro S is an exception to the rule.) Qualcomm's chips, with built-in wireless connectivity, could bring the battery life and always-on internet connection that Intel hasn't up to now. 2) Windows phones could turn up the heat HP's Elite x3 turns into a Windows desktop when you dock it. It can even run Win32 desktop apps -- if you pay for HP to host them on cloud servers.Photo by Sarah Tew/CNET Right now, Android and Apple are your only viable options for a smartphone, but that could change. Windows phones -- ones that support all the traditional Windows apps, anyhow -- might be attractive enough to pose a real alternative. What if your phone could turn into a full Windows desktop or laptop when you plug it into a dock? It's an idea that's been tried before, but never with a Windows desktop that actually ran desktop apps on the phone itself. That's now theoretically possible with Windows on ARM, and it's something both PC makers and phone makers can now pursue. If enough people buy into the idea, the mobile app developers that once skipped Windows Phone might give it another chance, too. 3) VR and AR Windows is where the hottest virtual and augmented reality experiences live, but they're not particularly portable. They're all either tethered to Windows desktops or laptops, or have poor battery life (Microsoft HoloLens). To cut the cord and venture out into the real world with smaller, standalone headsets, we need lightweight, always-connected-to-the-internet processors that last more than a few hours on a charge. That's what Qualcomm's ARM chips do best, by baking the cellular radios right into the processor instead of requiring additional components. 4) Laptops get cellular superpowers, too How often do you wish your laptop had a cellular connection? Terrible coffee shop Wi-Fi could be a thing of the past with an ARM-powered Windows device. Today, you don't see a lot of cellular-powered laptops because it's a huge design constraint: Manufacturers have to make room for a removable cellular module and a SIM card tray, and install software to control the whole thing. But again, Qualcomm's chips have cellular built right in, and Microsoft says Windows will natively support tiny embedded reprogrammable SIM cards (eSIM) so there's no need to swap out SIMs. Of course, not every manufacturer will go to the trouble of adding cellular antennas, and you'll still need a data plan, but you can probably expect cellular models to be way more affordable than the $150-$300 premium you might pay today. (Plus, prices might come down if Intel and Qualcomm are competing to be in your next PC.) With fast future 5G networks, there may come a time when cell connectivity is the norm for computers. The Oculus Santa Cruz prototype. Facebook's Oculus, Intel, Microsoft and Qualcomm all believe that standalone wireless VR headsets might be a new opportunity.Photo by Josh Miller/CNET 5) ARM processors might be fast enough to rival Intel chips now Sure, your phone isn't anywhere near as fast as a beefy gaming PC packed with Intel, AMD and Nvidia processors -- but you might be surprised how far mobile processors have come. In one benchmark, the ARM chip inside Apple's new iPhone 7 actually beats the Intel ones inside Apple's MacBook Air. The eight-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 835, the processor that Microsoft is targeting for this new Windows release, could be even more powerful. Putting benchmarks aside, Microsoft showed off a Windows 10 machine running Adobe Photoshop on a quad-core Snapdragon 820, and you can bet that tomorrow's eight-core Snapdragon 835 will be a good bit faster than that. Why Microsoft could crash and burn yet again 1) Windows desktop apps could still be slow Here's the thing about Microsoft's newfound app support: It uses an emulator, and emulators have a tendency to slow everything down. The emulator is a piece of software that lets your ARM-based Snapdragon chip pretend to be an Intel-like x86 processor, and every CPU cycle that maintains the disguise is one that's not being used to actually run your app. Which means that even if the Snapdragon 835 is just as fast as a comparable Intel chip, things will probably run a bit slower. We can't say how much slower, and Microsoft has built some impressive emulators in the past -- the Xbox One can now play Xbox 360 games thanks to the company's work. And a Microsoft representative tells CNET that Windows on ARM is relatively fast: "People will experience apps at a similar speed to what they experience on other, similarly priced PCs." Still, "there is always an overhead associated with emulation," Moor Insights and Strategy analyst Patrick Moorhead tells us -- and also notes that emulators sometimes have difficulty supporting external devices like printers and scanners. Photo by Sarah Tew/CNET 2) Who's going to actually build a Windows phone? Sure, Windows Phones could make meaningful competition for iPhone and Android -- but who's going to stick their necks out? Probably not Microsoft, whose phone ambitions got squashed when it had to part ways with Nokia. (We do still hear rumors about a Surface Phone, though.) Laptops and tablets are one thing, but a bunch of companies got burned trying to support the last big batch of Windows Phones (and Windows RT tablets), including a couple that have since called the phone business quits (Nokia and Dell). Are any OEMs brave enough to wholeheartedly support Microsoft against Apple and Google this time around? 3) Customers might not trust Microsoft again Microsoft is the proverbial boy who called wolf -- year after year, the company promised you'd finally be able to get full Windows on a thin tablet or phone. Even if that's about to become true, would you buy a Windows Phone or iPad-like device knowing how previous customers were left out in the cold? Microsoft's biggest fans who bought into Windows Phone found themselves unable to upgrade to newer versions of the operating system, and Microsoft did a pretty crappy job explaining to customers that Windows RT tablets wouldn't run their desktop apps. If Microsoft comes out and says, "No, this time we really mean it, you can actually have a functional Windows desktop on a tiny device," will customers believe them? Qualcomm tells CNET the first such devices will go on sale late in 2017. I guess that's when we'll know for sure. Share your voice 0 comments Tags Mobile Tablets Laptops Phones Qualcomm Processors ARM Intel Microsoft Nokia Windows 10 CNET Review Microsoft Surface Book The Surface Book is a high-end laptop and part-time tablet, with some hidden gaming chops. $1,499.00 See it Related Stories Can't be bothered to organize your Android phone? Install this Samsung unveils new Galaxy A phones 5 clever alarm apps to help you start the day right 3 alternative Facebook apps for Android and iOS Close   Discuss: 5 reasons why Windows on ARM could change... Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: The robots are coming to CES, and we can't wait to meet them Iyaz's Top 5 favorite gadgets The host of "Top 5" lets you know which devices he's thrilled with. by Iyaz Akhtar 1:57 Most anticipated tech coming in 2017 Get a taste of what gadget wonders this year holds in store. by Bridget Carey Close Drag CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Apple, Inc. Had a Merry Christmas The tech titan activated a whole bunch of iPhones and iPads for the holidays. Evan Niu, CFA (TMFNewCow) Dec 28, 2016 at 1:09PM Image source: Apple. Surprising no one, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) had a busy Christmas morning, and I'm not talking about Tim Cook giddily opening that new Lego Batman set he's been asking for. The Mac maker's activation servers were working overtime, as all those gifted iPhones and iPads were turned on for the first time. Flurry Analytics estimates that Apple grabbed an impressive 44% of mobile device activations from Dec. 19 to Dec. 25., more than double the 21% that Samsung grabbed over the same time frame. Huawei ranked No. 3 with 3% of activations, and LG's 2% earned it the No. 4 spot. This year Hanukkah and Christmas had an overlap, with Hanukkah starting on Dec. 24. Flurry's estimates cover the week leading up to Christmas as well as the first two nights of the Jewish holiday.  Image source: Flurry Analytics. The analytics specialist also notes that Huawei and LG were able to earn their respective spots through sheer volume. Both companies offer a plethora of different devices, including low-cost models, that collectively boosted each manufacturer's rankings. Neither Huawei nor LG had a specific model rank particularly highly. The (continued) rise of the phablet The ongoing trend toward large devices and phablets is only gaining momentum. You may recall all the pressure that was on Apple circa 2012-2013 to come out with a bigger iPhone, to which Apple's initial response was to launch an entire marketing campaign about one-handed use. 2014's push into phablet territory with the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus not only created a massive upgrade cycle for Apple, but also validated and accelerated the shifting consumer preference. You can see in Flurry's estimates how phablets are taking over (Flurry technically only considers the Plus models as phablets.) Note the big jump from 2013 to 2014. Image source: Flurry Analytics. Phablets are here to stay. Good news and bad news While Apple's activations are a good sign, they're slightly less than last year, when Apple grabbed 49% of device activations. And last year, Hanukkah was in early December and ended before Flurry's measurement period. Assuming that Apple indeed gets a Hanukkah boost, Apple fared slightly worse when you factor in the timing difference -- 5 whole percentage points lower for the year that included two days of Hanukkah. Here's the rub: Flurry's estimates only account for percentages, and say nothing of absolute volumes. While it's undoubtedly encouraging that Apple is still the top manufacturer by a healthy margin in terms of holiday device activations, the company's iPhone sales this quarter are very much in question right now. There have been plenty of reports that iPhone demand is waning and that the iPhone 7 cycle may not be as strong as in years past, which makes sense given Apple's seemingly peaking iPhone sales in fiscal 2016. Investors will know in less than a month, when Apple reports fiscal first-quarter earnings at the end of January. Evan Niu, CFA owns shares of Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Evan Niu, CFA (TMFNewCow) Evan is a Senior Technology Specialist at The Motley Fool. He was previously a Senior Trading Specialist at a major discount broker, and worked briefly at Tesla Motors. Evan graduated from the University of Texas at Austin, and is a CFA charterholder. Follow @TMFNewCow Article Info Dec 28, 2016 at 1:09PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $115.75 down $0.98 (-0.84%) Read More If You Doubt Apple, Inc.'s Interest in Cars, Think Again How Risky is Apple Inc. Stock? These 3 Tech Stocks Are Ridiculously Cheap What Ever Happened to Apple iBeacons? Nintendo Needs Apple, but Apple Also Needs Nintendo Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current themotleyfool Apple, Inc. Had a Merry Christmas #stocks $AAPL
Skip Your browser does not support HTML5 video. Menu Technology Leadership Magazine Most Innovative Companies Most Creative People Video News Subscribe Collections The Most Innovative Companies The top 50 companies in entertainment, media, sports, technology, and more. Most Creative People Meet this year's inspiring leaders. Innovation By Design A showcase for ingenious design solutions. World Changing Ideas New workplaces, new food sources, new medicine—even an entirely new economic system. Progress Is Possible See how these entrepreneurs reinvented themselves to achieve progress. Created for and commissioned by Principal Financial Out of Office With Industry leaders offer a glimpse of their lives outside of the office--and how these experiences have helped to get them where they are today. Creative Conversations Creative dialogue can reinvent your business, your brand, and your career. Join Fast Company on a multi-platform exploration of the art of conversation. Mind and Machine Computers are getting smart--very smart. Fast Company explains the complex and increasingly influential world of artificial intelligence and machine learning. It’s Good Not To Be Home A collaboration to elevate and enhance the Hyatt Regency hotel experience. Master Class How the top talent from creative fields get work done. Fast Forward Created for and commissioned by Workday. Startup Report The up-and-coming companies that are disrupting industries. Innovation Agents Profiles of the high-level business leaders behind progressive, creative, and innovative organizations Tech Forecast A roundup of breaking tech news, products, and services featuring the most important takeaways. Current Issue Subscribe Follow Fast Company We’ll come to you. 3 minute read Tech Forecast Will Consumers Change Their Minds About Wearables In 2017? This year was a lackluster one for smartwatches and fitness trackers. A lot has to change for 2017 to mark a significant improvement. [Photos: courtesy of Apple and Fitbit] Mark Sullivan 12.28.16 12:00 PM It wasn’t so long ago that we were all excited about the next great computing platform: wearable devices and (especially) smartwatches. Many people thought that by 2017 we’d be fairly dependent on our smartwatches and that many of the tasks we normally do on our smartphones would be transferred to the little computers on our wrists. That wasn’t to be. Wearables, by and large, are being used for health and fitness tracking, which we can expect to remain true throughout 2017. The great test of mobile devices is how likely we are to leave home without them. Our smartphones? Never. Our smartwatches? Well, let’s just say that if you’re already pulling out of the driveway and look down and see a bare wrist, chances are you won’t go back inside to get it. Three years ago, Motorola, Samsung, and LG were making smartwatches that ran the Android Wear operating system. Google announced the second major version of the OS last May, and we were expecting a new wave of Android Wear-powered smartwatches to show up in Q1 2017, marking the debut of Android Wear 2.0. That wasn’t to be either. Samsung has said it will build all future smartwatches on its own Tizen platform. Just a few weeks ago, Motorola (Lenovo), said it would not be releasing a new smartwatch in 2017 at all. LG was the first to make an Android Wear smartwatch back in 2014, but the company released no new smartwatches in 2016, and its plans for 2017 remain unclear. Sales of smartwatches, tablets, and smartphones in 2016. The smartwatch category as a whole has failed to connect with the general public. Since the start of 2015, approximately 35 million smartwatches have shipped, compared to 385 million tablets and 2.9 billion smartphones. "In 2016 . . . for every smartwatch shipped, 10 tablets and 78 smartphones will have been sold," Above Avalon analyst Neil Cybart wrote in a recent research report. The only smartwatch that looks like it has much of a future right now is the Apple Watch. The Apple Watch, analysts believe, had a decent first year after its launch in April 2015. Apple doesn’t report the numbers, but the industry estimates the device sold between 10 million and 15 million units. Tim Cook said the Watch saw its highest demand ever over this holiday season, prompting some analysts to speculate that 4 million to 5 million Apple Watches will sell during the fourth calendar quarter of 2016. If those numbers are correct, and if they continue into 2017, the Watch may start to make an upward sales arc toward the mass-market acceptance enjoyed by other Apple products. Smartwatch sales from 2015 to 2016. Cybart says Apple Watch will dominate the smartwatch category in 2017 and it will start to influence the rest of the wearables space more directly. "The sales gap between smartwatches and fitness & health trackers will shrink, and competition begins to emulate Apple Watch much more closely," he explained via email. This could mean that wearables makers will try to imitate the design of the Apple Watch. It could also mean that fitness tracker makers like FitBit will accelerate the process of putting smartwatch-like features (including notifications and mapping) into their products. But it’s also true that many, many people still don’t see a good reason to purchase a smartwatch, from Apple or anyone else. The public understands the benefits of tracking steps, exercise, and sleep, but all you need for that is a FitBit, which, it just so happens, has consistently sold millions more than the Apple Watch every quarter. But even fitness trackers like FitBit hit a wall in 2016, with the market plateauing. FitBit suffered a disappointing third quarter this year, and the company has been extremely cautious about holiday quarter sales. So for 2017 to be a healthy year for wearables, the companies making them will have to change the minds of lots of people about why they need a fitness tracker or a smartwatch in their lives. And marketing messages might not be enough. The device makers will have to create products that, packed with indispensable new features and functions, make the point themselves. Never miss a story. Sign up for the Fast Company newsletter and get the best stories delivered to your inbox daily. Send I'd also like to receive special Fast Company offers Advertise Privacy Policy Terms About Us Fast Company & Inc © 2017 Mansueto Ventures, LLC
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple I really hate how much I love Apple’s AirPods Zach Epstein •December 28, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Apple’s AirPods are weird. There’s no way around it. Apple has been known for the stunning designs of its products for decades, but the company’s design team has been making some questionable calls lately (to put it nicely). Some design issues that have bugged fans recently involve the removal of legacy ports on the iPhone 7 and MacBook Pro to allow for thinner housings. Other design faux pas have involved functionality, like putting a Lightning charging port face-down on the bottom of the Magic Mouse so that it’s impossible to use while it is charging. Seriously, that’s just plain stupid. But no Apple design has raised more eyebrows than the new AirPods that Apple finally released earlier this month. Don't Miss: Your dreams just came true: Download any content on Netflix with this free app I’m not sure I can be counted among the AirPods’ loudest critics since I haven’t written about them very much, but I certainly haven’t made any attempt to hide my feelings about the design of Apple’s new earbuds. They look silly. And when you wear them, you look silly, too. Perhaps CNET’s Scott Stein best illustrated how bizarre AirPods look in your ears: 090716-apple-airpods-music-7021More First announced back in September alongside Apple’s iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, the AirPods mark Apple’s first attempt at truly wireless earbuds. Most “wireless” in-ear headphones actually do include a wire that connects one earbud to the other. In the case of Apple’s AirPods, however, there is no wire that connects the two earbuds. They each sit in an ear, and they connect to the sound source and to each other wirelessly. Several companies designed and launched truly wireless earbuds long before Apple ever did. Examples include The Dash earbuds by Bragi, Samsung Gear IconX earbuds, the Motorola VerveOne+ earbuds and plenty of other models. I have personally tried nearly a dozen different types of completely wireless earbuds, and I have been remarkably underwhelmed each and ever time. Then I tried Apple’s AirPods. First things first: my opinion on the look of the AirPods has not changed. They’re awful. I look ridiculous when I wear them. You, too, will look ridiculous when you wear them. Apple’s unconventional design involves two stems the extend downward from the earbuds, and they look just plain stupid when they’re sticking out of your ears. The problem, of course, is that they’re absolutely integral to Apple’s design. A microphone sits at the end of each stem to help offer clear sound when AirPods are used for phone calls and for Siri. Was this design necessary? I can’t say. What I can say, however, is that each person with whom I have tested the AirPods with for voice calls has said that they sound fantastic on the other end of the phone. The AirPod stems also make it easier to hold Apple’s earphones in your hands, and they help seat each AirPod in the accompanying charging case. Apple is sometimes criticized for prioritizing form over function, but this is clearly a case where the opposite is true. And speaking of function, I am seriously impressed. The sound quality offered by the AirPods is the best I have ever heard in truly wireless earbuds. To be quite honest, this shocked me. Apple’s own-brand headphones included in the box with iPhones have never been very good at all. Even newer Beats headphones released after Apple’s acquisition have been lackluster at best. But the AirPods are truly impressive. Read More Now, it’s important to note here that there really isn’t much competition right now in this space. As I mentioned, most wireless earbuds are connected to each other with a wire, and are not “truly wireless.” I have tested plenty of traditional wireless earbuds that offer better sound quality than the AirPods. The wireless buds I have been using personally for the past year or so — the Sport in-ear headphones by JBL and Under Armour — offer substantially better sound. But even among traditional wireless headphones, the AirPods offer an above average listening experience. The most surprising thing about them is probably the bass response. Apple’s wired earbuds have always offered poor bass performance, but the AirPods are impressive. As long as they’re seated well in your ears, bass is deep and powerful but not overbearing or muddy until you get to very high volumes. The fit, by the way, is something else I was very skeptical of before I tried them, but Apple’s AirPods sit very well in my ears (which are traditionally not very easy to fit when it comes to earbuds). They don’t shake lose while you run or during light workouts, though sweat does eventually impact the seal in one’s ear since the AirPods are made of smooth plastic. From the simplified pairing process enabled by the W1 chip, to the compact carrying case that doubles as a portable charger, to the fit, to the sound quality, Apple’s AirPods are awesome. Truly awesome. It’s nothing short of incredible that Apple managed to pack so much technology and sound into an audio product so compact. They really are a marvel of design. Visually, Apple’s design falls short. They just don’t look good. In fact, I feel ridiculous when I wear them in public. Heck, I feel ridiculous when I wear them in private. But the overall experience offered by Apple’s AirPods is so fantastic that I have no choice but to look past the peculiar design. Damn you, Jony Ive. Trending right now: This is the Galaxy S8 rumor we’ve been waiting for 9 new shows coming to Netflix in 2017 that we can’t wait to see The coolest ‘As Seen On TV’ gadgets of 2016 See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next 9 tech-friendly gifts for people obsessed with travel Yahoo Tech CNN uses screenshot from ‘Fallout 4’ to show how Russians hack things BGR News Facebook launches live 360-degree video feature Yahoo Tech LG is ready to make the future more colorful with its Super UHD TVs at CES 2017 Digital Trends The battle between SSD and HDD is over, and the winner is clear Digital Trends Celebrity sues Tesla, claims Model X drove itself through a wall and into his house BGR News Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo Finance
null
null
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Apple CEO Tim Cook calls AirPods 'a runaway success,' says 'we're making them as fast as we can' Dave Smith Dec. 28, 2016, 12:47 PM 19,330 facebook linkedin twitter email print Apple CEO Tim Cook is in New York City for a few days this week — and on Wednesday, he stopped by the New York Stock Exchange to get a tour of the trading floor with his nephew. CNBC managed to grab Cook for a quick interview and asked him about business at Apple and whether Apple is speeding up production of AirPods, the company's first pair of truly wireless earbuds that launched earlier this month. "AirPods are a runaway success, and we're making them as fast as we can," Cook said. NEW: Apple CEO Tim Cook tells CNBC that "it's been a great holiday" and the company's new Airpod headphones "are a run away success" pic.twitter.com/lDo0Fdw7ym— CNBC Now (@CNBCnow) December 28, 2016 Of course, without any data or sales figures, it's hard to know what Cook means by "runaway success," but we assume he means AirPods are still in high demand. (Frankly, we're not sure why he would say otherwise.) AirPods were introduced at Apple's iPhone event in September. They were originally slated for release in October, but Apple delayed the wireless earbuds, saying it needed "a little more time." Apple finally started selling AirPods on December 13, but because of limited quantities — and likely very high demand — shipping and delivery dates for the headphones quickly slipped from December 2016 to January 2017 and beyond. Though Apple's $30 wired earbuds can do most of the same things, the $160 AirPods have received many positive reviews from critics, who praise the earbuds' audio quality and battery life. There are some mixed feelings about the design of the AirPods themselves and the lack of audio controls aside from play/pause, but customers seem to like them. Read our review of Apple's AirPods here » NOW WATCH: A security expert explains why you should put tape over your laptop camera Loading video... More: Apple AirPods Tim Cook Headphones Earbuds Audio NYSE New York Stock Exchange Holiday 2016 facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Apple CEO Tim Cook calls AirPods 'a runaway success,' says 'we're making them as fast as we can' Apple CEO Tim Cook calls AirPods 'a runaway success,' says 'we're making them as fast as we can' Apple CEO Tim Cook is in New York City for a... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured 5 innovations in radiology that could impact everything from the Zika virus to dermatology More "Digital Industry Insider" » Keep tabs on the latest from Business Insider in our new Chrome Extension More "BI Innovations" » Get Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Newsletter-controller Sign-Up Learn More » Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Business Insider Select 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Mobile Insights BII Mobile Insights More Featured 10 Things Before the Opening Bell BI Intelligence Daily Business Insider Select Digital Industry Insider Instant MBA Markets Chart Of The Day Business Insider Events Tech Chart Of The Day Tech Select Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Strategy 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Advertising Select Careers Select Retail Select Strategy Select Life Breaking News Education Select Entertainment Select Life Select Tech Digital Media Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Enterprise Select Fintech Briefing IoT Chart of the Day Mobile Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Science Select Finance Finance Insider Markets Select Smart Investor Your Money Select Politics Military Select Politics Select Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Sports Sports Letter to My Younger Self Basketball great Ray Allen: ’Do you want to fit in, or do you want to embark on the lonely pursuit of greatness?' Read Allen's letter to his teenage self » Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT
iDownloadBlog Home Jailbreak How to Jailbreak Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Cydia Unlock How to Unlock Unlock News iPhone iPhone News iPhone 6s iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6 iPhone Photography iPad iPad News iPad Air iPad mini Watch Apple Watch Guide Mac Mac Mac Apps Mac Tips TV Apple TV guide Apps iOS Apps Mac Apps Widgets Best Apps App Finder Tips Tips How to Tutorial iPhone Photography Download Deals Daily Deals: $70 off Beyerdynamic headphones, 10 iTunes movies for $10, and... Happy New Year firework wallpapers The top stories of the week on iDB How to use AirPods like a pro   skip to main content skip to main menu     Cook says AirPods are a runaway success By Christian Zibreg, Dec 28, 2016 Tweet 26 Comments Asked by CNBC to share some thoughts in terms of AirPods, Apple’s boss Tim Cook responded by calling his company’s first Bluetooth earphones “a runaway success”. The CEO visited the floor of the New York Stock Exchange earlier this morning while on vacation. “We’re making them just as fast as we can,” Cook responded when asked about the lack of available stock. Cook also shared a few tidbits regarding Apple’s holiday sales in a quick interview with CNBC. Although he declined to talk specifically on Apple’s outlook, Cook did say that it’s been a “great holiday”. Estimated AirPods shipping times have slipped into February 2017. Cook toured the floor of the New York Stock Exchange as a private citizen. NEW: Apple CEO Tim Cook tells CNBC that "it's been a great holiday" and the company's new Airpod headphones "are a run away success" pic.twitter.com/lDo0Fdw7ym — CNBC Now (@CNBCnow) December 28, 2016 “I’m just here with my nephew, enjoying a couple of days in New York,” Cook said. “I love it. I wanted him to see what you guys do for a living.” Source: CNBC Share: Tweet Follow: Follow @iDownloadBlog We Recommend AirPods manufacturer Inventec is expanding capacity to meet strong demand AirPods now available to buy from Apple.com How about Jet Black AirPods? Samsung developing own AirPods-like earphones for Galaxy S8 launch Related Topics Accessories, AirPods, Apple, Earphones, News, Tim Cook, Wireless nonchalont Sure they are Tim Joshua The-Legend Wiebe Wow.. fatela “Run away success” in other words “escaped”. More so it is a success for the person that is running away from it . lot of people escaped having to buy this ugly already common in the market yet delayed to market. toothbrush head looking headphones n0ahcruz3 What do you expect him to say? “Airpods had been disappointing” or “so far aipods had a lukewarm reception” or “airpods didnt really resonate as we expected”? Lol that will hamper their stock price. And don’t expect a sales figure too cause im pretty sure this will be on “others” category during earnings call. Icisz He would not say anything If they were a failure. Analytics companies and other vendors will also ultimately back up the claim… you can see they are a success simply by looking at the expected delivery date for more stock. All available stock is currently sold out and they are being resold for up to double retail. They do not need to release exact figures. n0ahcruz3 Sold out because they only made few of em lol once the initial supply is sold out then thats when they manufacture more. They wouldn’t manufacture more if they didn’t really sell well then what would happen to the unsold inventory? This will be another any Apple accessory. Icisz Sure whatever n0ahcruz3 Lol Tim Cook as a former COO of Apple and an excellent supply chain expert he’s wise and cautious not to over supply. Fanboys.. Icisz I agree he is smart that way, why does my response warrant your assumption? Lmao. n0ahcruz3 Which brings back to my original response to you that apple made limited supply of Airpods to make an artificial demand for the product. Like you dont know the supply history for apple products lmfao Icisz No? What are you an oracle? Jesus Christ man I didn’t say the did not make a limited supply? Wtf n0ahcruz3 I would say my predictions were somewhat accurate lol i predicted iPad decline and also app watch decline. I did also expect a decline for iPhone. n0ahcruz3 Follow more apple news dude and not just iDB lmfao Icisz Ok dude what would else would you like to discuss. Where is that coming from? I hardly follow just idb LMFAO Bacillus Hey Tim is Angela even considering these incredibly cheap looking Chinese plastic floss boxes for her jewelry boutiques ? Franklin Richards Uh huh. Now release the W1 chip to third party manufacturers. 5723alex . And Ax CPU/GPU, iOS, MacOS… Franklin Richards … Those aren’t even the same thing. Apple knows as well as anyone that people enjoy different audio equipment which is why they sell other headphones in their stores. It’s like them releasing the lightning cable specs for dockable speakers. Icisz They might actually do just that… air play is common in many third party products. A technology like this would be wise to license. After using it I am delighted. And Once Bt 5 comes along? Count me in. TheGreatShalaw my ears was hurting so bad after one hour of using Ear Pods, is it the same with the AIR pods? ericesque This is the primary reason I haven’t given AirPods a second thought. EarPods leave me feeling like my ear canal was reamed with a drill. Icisz The design is the same so most likely it will not be comfortable for you. I too had this complaint about EarPods, however lack of the wires seems to have solved this issue for me at least. While I still prefer in ear these have proven better than expected, a lot better; If you don’t mind the Beats design, those also have the W1 chip. Andrew Little Runaway success because people are already losing them and having to buy replacements Icisz Only they can’t because they are sold out. Lol. Seriously? Smh adrian3000 You guys are funny, I’ve been using the airpods for over a week and they have been pretty sweet. Very comfortable, can pair to my car, Apple TV, iPad, iPhone etc and the coolest part is watching tv via my Apple TV using my airpods while my wife is sleeping, they also work great while on the treadmill. And the setup is so quick and easy. I will say that the EarPods were always very comfortable for me so the airpods are quite comfortable. I have heard that others have said the opposite. CtKiDd78 Exactly my thoughts. I’ve had them for about three days and they sound really good and I have yet to charge them again. I can hardly feel them when in use. People like to talk trash without even trying them.   Search Connect with iDownloadBlog Facebook Become a fan RSS Get the latest news YouTube Watch Us Twitter Stay up to date Newsletter News delivered to you Google+ Add us to your circle   The most recent headlines Apple Chinese New Year promo: free Beats Solo3 headphones with Mac or iPhone Resetting AirPods fixes charging case battery woes for some users Rumor: Apple seeding first iOS 10.3 beta on January 10 with new ‘Theatre’ mode Daily Deals: $70 off Beyerdynamic headphones, 10 iTunes movies for $10, and more Beautiful iPhone 7 photos show New Year’s Eve celebrations around the world   The latest jailbreak news Jailbreak tweaks of the week: CCLowPower, CCRecord, Evanesco, & more… CCLowPower adds a Low Power Mode toggle to Control Center ForceInPicture enables Picture in Picture mode on unsupported devices CCRecord: a tweak to quickly and easily record your iPhone screen Customize your iOS 10 Control Center toggle colors with Cream 2 and Creamless iDownloadBlog           iDownloadblog.com About About Advertise Contact Keep in Touch Twitter Facebook RSS Feed Newsletter Push Notifications Podcasts Let's Talk iOS Let's Talk Jailbreak Site Stuff Disclosure Privacy Policy   Copyright iDownloadBlog 2017. This website is not affiliated with Apple.
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Apple in 2017: What’s next for Mac, iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch & Apple TV this year Trending in Apple Apple Watch, New Year’s resolutions, and losing 50 pounds Trending in Reviews Hands-on: LG Apple-endorsed 5K Display – an UltraFine choice for MacBook Pro owners? [Video] Trending in Apple Review: Nanoleaf’s Aurora smart lighting panels match modular customization with HomeKit control [Video] Trending in Apple iPhone 8: Everything we currently know about Apple’s 10th anniversary flagship Trending in Apple Comment: Apple continues to explore bringing the Digital Crown to iPhones & iPads, and I still like the idea December 28, 2016 AAPL: 116.76 -0.50 9to5Toys Last Call: Apple Watch Bands 30% off, Anker Powerline Lightning Cable $10, Canon Color AirPrint Printer $41, more Trevor Daugherty - 5 days ago @trevorjd14 Deals View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Keep up with the best gear and deals on the web by signing up for the 9to5Toys Newsletter. Also, be sure to check us out on: Twitter, RSS Feed, Facebook, Google+ and Safari push notifications. TODAY’S CAN’T MISS DEALS: Last Call Updates: B&H discounts loads of Apple products: save up to $200 on MacBook Pro w/ Touch Bar, iMac, much more (Tax NY only) Samsung shows off new high resolution speakers with sleek designs before CES 2017 Amazon $1 HD Movie Rentals: The Shallows, Hobbit, more + Harry Potter films $5/ea to own Download ‘The Call of the Wild’ as a free Kindle eBook with Audible narration (Reg. $6) Free PS Plus Games for January: The War of Mine Little Ones, more Green Deals: Suaoki 60W Solar Panel w/ USB + DC charging ports for $139, more Switch up your Apple Watch style w/ 30% off and free shipping on all Clockwork Synergy bands, 2-piece NATO $17 (Reg $25) Anker discounts its best Lightning cables, power banks & USB chargers: deals start at $6 Prime shipped Daily Deals: Canon PIXMA Color Printer with Scanner, Copier and AirPrint $41, Logitech Wireless Keyboard/Mouse $30, more Add 10 movies to your iTunes library for just $10: Mud, Clerks, Crash, Gangs of New York, Momento and more Watch any movie from Amazon Video or Google Play this holiday weekend for only $0.99 Apple’s official Leather & Silicone iPhone 7/Plus Cases hit Amazon all-time lows starting from under $30 Prime shipped (Reg. up to $50) Apple’s iPhone 7 Smart Battery Case drops to its Amazon all-time low: $85 shipped (Reg. $99) It’s Free Money Time! Grab a $50 iTunes gift card at 15% off: $42.50 with free email delivery, more Grab some gift cards at up to 20% off: Domino’s, Airbnb, Jiffy Lube, GameStop, more   Get an unlocked iPhone 6 16GB (refurb) for $225 shipped, iPhone 6s for $320 shipped iOS/Mac Holiday App Sale Roundup: GO Trilogy, Oceanhorn, Bastion, many more App Store Free App of the Week: the colorful physics-based Drop Flip puzzler goes free for the holidays (Reg. $2) Duet Display is 50% off! Turn your iPad into a secondary screen for your Mac: $10 (Reg. $20) MORE NEW GEAR FROM TODAY:   Charge your iPhone 7 and listen to wired headphones at the same time w/ Apple’s Lightning dock: $42.50 shipped (Reg. $49) TiVo’s Roamio OTA 1TB DVR is the ultimate accessory for cord cutters: $315 (Reg. $375) Harman Kardon 7.2-Ch. A/V Receiver w/ Bluetooth and AirPlay for $288 (Orig. $550) Monitors: Acer 25-inch 1080p w/ HDMI input $120, Dell 24-inch w/ USB 3.0 Hub $180, more Nike is offering an extra 25% off all clearance items w/ free shipping Score a new CaseCrown Messenger Bag for up to 15-inch MacBooks: $20 (55% discount), more Smartphone Accessories: Anker 6 Outlet + 4 USB Port Power Strip/Surge Protector $20, more Games/Apps: PSN Holiday Sale, Titanfall 2 from $30, Fallout 4 Hardcover Guide $10, more Logitech’s Harmony Advanced Universal Remote: $200 shipped (Reg. $250) MORE DEALS STILL LIVE: Keep your valuable gear safe with a highly-rated CyberPower 12-outlet battery back-up system: $95 shipped (Reg. $140) Stay safe on your next road trip! iOttie smartphone car mounts down to $13 Prime shipped each on Amazon (Reg. $20) Pad & Quill offers up to 20% off site-wide: iPhone 7 and iPad Pro cases, leather bags, more Home Depot has a 3-Pack of Defiant 9 LED Flashlights for $6 Wink Connected Home Hub (V1) for $40 (Reg. up to $60) Use Amazon Echo to nab Alexa exclusive deals Sennheiser HD598 Headphones: $100 (Reg. $130+) Sony h.ear Wireless Headphones: $200 (Reg. $350) Aukey 30000mAh Portable Charger $40 (Reg. $63) Aukey 8-outlet Surge Protector $22, more LED Desk Lamp w/ USB charger or $23 Moto 360 2nd Gen. Smart Watch for $200 Polaroid 10MP Digital Instant Cam: $130 (Reg. $180) Get a FREE three month trial of Scribd Soma Filtered Water Pitcher from $18 FREE Starbucks espresso: 10 Days of Cheer event Wide Angle Outdoor Solar LED Lights $18, more Logitech’s M705 Wireless Mouse: $20 (Reg. $30+) NETGEAR ReadyNAS 2-Bay Network Attached Storage: $210 Buy a $60 Netflix Gift Card and get a free $5 Best Buy Gift Card Sabrent Universal Docking Station for $63 shipped (Reg. $90) Amazon $20 credit towards its new Music Streaming Service Receive free Amazon credit when you buy samples Big year-end iTunes movie sale is now live w/ tons of great $5 titles, $0.99 rentals The Palm Springs Inflatable 6-Person Hot Tub $300 4-pack BR30 65W Dimmable LED Lights Bulb $13, more 2-pack Aukey Magnetic Car Mounts for $8, more Jones Floor Speakers + 4K A/V Receiver $309, more Harman Onyx Mini Wireless Speaker for $70 Air Hogs Star Wars Quadcopters from $33, more TiVo’s BOLT 500GB 4K DVR: $118 (Reg. $200) WORX Electric 3-in-1 Blower/Mulcher/Vac $50 NEW PRODUCTS & MORE: Classic gaming fans are getting a brand new 8-bit style Double Dragon title on PS4/Steam next month [Video] A Christmas Story comes to life in this LEGO Ideas set that even includes the Leg Lamp The Most Wonderful Ornament tracks your USPS packages with notifications right on your tree LG makes it easier to ditch your TV with its new ProBeam Laser Projector that features webOS Promise Technology Pegasus3 RAID storage w/ Thunderbolt 3 set to hit Apple Store today Xbox One’s Elite Controller just gained a whole new level of customization The OM Electric Scooter has a fold-flat design that brings 20 miles of range on a single charge Guides Deals View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Apple in 2017: What’s next for Mac, iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch & Apple TV this year Trending in Apple Apple Watch, New Year’s resolutions, and losing 50 pounds Trending in Reviews Hands-on: LG Apple-endorsed 5K Display – an UltraFine choice for MacBook Pro owners? [Video] Trending in Apple Review: Nanoleaf’s Aurora smart lighting panels match modular customization with HomeKit control [Video] Trending in Apple iPhone 8: Everything we currently know about Apple’s 10th anniversary flagship Trending in Apple Comment: Apple continues to explore bringing the Digital Crown to iPhones & iPads, and I still like the idea December 28, 2016 AAPL: 116.76 -0.50 Tim Cook calls AirPods ‘a run away success’, says Apple making units ‘as fast as we can’ Zac Hall - 5 days ago @apollozac Tim Cook AirPods View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Tim Cook was spotted today visiting the floor of the New York Stock Exchange where he was asked by CNBC about the recently launched (and backordered) AirPods. The Apple CEO described the new wireless earphones as “a run away success” and promised Apple is making more units “as fast as we can” when asked about supply constraints. AirPods are currently backordered six weeks out with new orders promised in late February. Retail stores are receiving supply regularly but in limited quanties that quickly sell out. Apple first started taking orders for AirPods on December 13 with orders placed during the first hour launching in time for Christmas. AirPods were originally supposed to launch in late October, then were delayed for about six weeks over what is believed to be production issues. Once AirPods arrived in stores and deliveries were fulfilled on December 19, we shared our hands-on first impressions with Apple’s totally wireless earbuds including a comparison to Powerbeats3 which also have Apple’s new W1 chip for enhanced features. While AirPods may have largely missed the holiday quarter, iPhone sales appear to be healthy relative to Samsung and other brands with Apple leading smartphone activations leading up to the holidays. For customers still hunting down AirPods in stores, third-party services have made tracking store inventory easier and Apple allows in-store pickup for online orders when stock is available. NEW: Apple CEO Tim Cook tells CNBC that "it's been a great holiday" and the company's new Airpod headphones "are a run away success" pic.twitter.com/lDo0Fdw7ym — CNBC Now (@CNBCnow) December 28, 2016 Guides Tim Cook The CEO of Apple View THe Guide Apple AirPods Apple AirPods price, availability, features View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Jan 02, 10:18 PM EST Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology Apple Vs. Samsung Sales: Which Company Had More Devices Activated This Holiday Season? By Denisse Moreno On 12/28/16 AT 1:03 PM Close This holiday season was a win for Apple and a loss for Samsung, according to data from analytics firm Flurry.   More people activated Apple devices than Samsung gadgets, the report found. It wasn’t a close race either--for every Samsung device that was activated, Apple saw two gadget activations. The firm looked at the most gifted smartphones and tablets by analyzing phone and app activation throughout the week leading up to Christmas day and the start of Chanukah. This holiday season, 44 percent of new phone and tablet activations were Apple devices, while Samsung held 21 percent. “While Samsung is slowly growing in popularity throughout the holiday season, up 1 percent from last year, Apple devices continue to be the gift to give,” the firm said. Holiday 2016: Apple Vs Samsung device activations Photo: Flurry Analytics Coming in third and fourth place for device activations were Huawei and LG, something “remarkable,” according to Flurry, since both manufacturers don’t have an individual device within the top 35 devices activated. Their high rank could be because of an array of affordable devices for consumers to pick from. Meanwhile, Google Pixel and Pixel XL didn’t make it to Flurry’s “top device” chart. Related Stories Top 5 Gadgets To Watch Out For In 2017 iPhone 7 Tips: 5 Ways To Conserve Battery Life “With only two devices, the Pixel and Pixel XL, and mixed market reception, Google struggled to drum up excitement this holiday season,” the firm said. Phablets Popularity Rising Sales of phablets (devices measuring 5 to 6.9 inches) increased dramatically this year, taking away from medium phone activations, the report also found. Phablet activations rose by 10 percent from last year, 27 percent to 37 percent. Back in 2013, phablets activations were a mere 4 percent. Holiday 2016: distribution of devices Photo: Flurry Analytics Join the Discussion Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Business Samsung To Release Note 7 Probe Results Soon The South Korean company will reportedly make public the results of its investigation into the Note 7 battery fiasco before the end of January. Technology HTC Ocean Note Will Be Called U Ultra The HTC U Ultra is said to come with a 6-inch display and will be revealed on Jan. 12. World American Survived Istanbul Attack By 'Playing Dead' William Jacob Raak took a bullet and remained in place as a rampage went on around him. National Lake Erie Plane Crash Victim Was College Student Megan Casey was returning home with her family after seeing an NBA game when the plane she was flying in disappeared. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Apple in 2017: What’s next for Mac, iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch & Apple TV this year Trending in Apple Apple Watch, New Year’s resolutions, and losing 50 pounds Trending in Reviews Hands-on: LG Apple-endorsed 5K Display – an UltraFine choice for MacBook Pro owners? [Video] Trending in Apple Review: Nanoleaf’s Aurora smart lighting panels match modular customization with HomeKit control [Video] Trending in Apple iPhone 8: Everything we currently know about Apple’s 10th anniversary flagship Trending in Apple Comment: Apple continues to explore bringing the Digital Crown to iPhones & iPads, and I still like the idea January 12, 2016 AAPL: 99.96 1.43 How-To: Add iOS 9.3’s Night Shift mode to your Mac right now with Flux Chance Miller - 12 months ago @ChanceHMiller Mac iOS Tips and Tricks OS X Night Shift Comments (25) Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Yesterday, Apple released the first beta of iOS 9.3 and with it comes a new feature called Night Shift. Apple says that Night Shift uses your iOS device’s location and clock to automatically adjust the colors in your display, making them warmer and easier on the eyes at nighttime. In the end, Apple says this should make it easier to fall asleep as the bright blue light normally emitted from a display has been found to disrupt your circadian rhythms, making it harder to sleep. While Apple has solved this feature on iOS, it remains an issue on OS X… Despite Apple touting it as so, Night Shift is not necessarily a new feature. Popular third-party app Flux (or f.lux) has offered this feature for some time now, but only briefly was the app available for iOS. Late last year, Flux was made available for iOS via side loading with Xcode, but not through the App Store as to not break Apple’s policies. A day later, however, Flux for iOS was removed from the developer’s website at the request of Apple. Nevertheless, Flux for Mac remains available and it’s incredibly easy to set up. Flux on Mac does essentially the same thing as what Night Shift does on iOS. Flux determines your location and when the sun starts to set, it changes the colors of your display to be more conducive to a setting without natural lighting. First, you’ll want to head to Flux’s website. From there, you can download the application for free. Then, you can open the Flux app just like you would any other OS X application. The first time you open it, Flux should ask you to share your location with it. This is important because it allows the app to track what time the sun will rise and set in your area. If for some reason Flux doesn’t ask for your location on launch, there’s a field in the preferences window of the app to enter your location.Once it knows your location, Flux will automatically adjust the temperature of your screen. If it’s past sunset, it by default will adjust the warmth to 3400K. You can adjust this number, however, by dragging the setting at the top of the preferences window to your desired temperature. During the daytime, Flux sets your display to 6500K, which is the default setting of your Mac. Likewise, you can customize this by dragging the slider at the top of the window. Finally, there’s a bedtime mode that sets the display warmth to 1900K, which is meant to be used in dark rooms. Because there is a considerable shock to switching between sunrise and sunset modes, Flux will gradually change the temperature of your display instead of instantly changing it. If, however, you’d like fast transitions between modes, you can enable this feature by clicking on the Flux icon in the menu bar, mousing over “Options” and choosing the “Fast transitions” setting. From the same menu, you can set it to add an extra hour of sleep, which starts the bedtime mode one hour earlier. You can also enable warmer daytime settings for those who want to reduce eyestrain or match office lighting. There’s also a weekend mode that gives brighter light late on Friday and Saturday. The Color Effects menu has a few more options. These options include a darkroom setting, a movie mode, and a setting to automatically enable OS X’s built-in dark theme at sunset each night. Darkroom: Removes 100% of blue and green light and inverts colors. Darkroom mode also preserves night vision while using a screen. Movie mode: Lasts 2.5 hours. Preserves colors and shadow detail for watching movies with reduced alerting light. OS X Dark theme at sunset: Uses the normal theme during the day and switches to dark theme (dock and menu bar) each night at sunset. Disabling f.lux will also disable dark theme. Flux for Mac is available as a free download here. With the announcement of Night Shift for iOS, it might become more common knowledge that staring at your device screens could have a real effect on your sleeping schedule. Flux aims to solve that issue on Mac and it does a great job of it. Guides Mac View THe Guide iOS View THe Guide Tips and Tricks View THe Guide Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Please log in using one of these methods to post your comment: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Eduardo Freitas - 12 months ago Reply That’s why I freaking love 9to5Mac lol LikeLiked by 5 people 311sie - 12 months ago Reply Love f.lux, been using it for a few months now and it really makes a difference. Takes a little getting used to, but well worth it. LikeLike Dustin Moskowitz - 12 months ago Reply I had f.lux installed on my jailbroken iPad (iOS 7 and/or 8, I think), and it was seriously one of the best reasons to jailbreak. Been using it on my iMac for years as well. Glad to see that Apple incorporated the concept, and hope they give f.lux a little credit where it’s due! LikeLike Rasmussen (@Twitboydk) - 12 months ago Reply So what if I work at nights. Will my phone be in nightmode? I don´t want that😀 LikeLike apple146 - 9 months ago Reply You can set your own hours, but only to be the same everyday, so valid point if your days vary…you’ll just have to adjust the settings on certain days…easy enough LikeLike matthk - 4 months ago Reply It’s PERFECT for people who work at night* as it removes much of the blue light. You’ll sleep much better when you get home if you use f.lux PS: quit your job! Now. Working at night will take years off your life. Every aspect of your health suffers when you work nights. LikeLike pdixon1986 - 12 months ago Reply Thanks… on my iphone i have a blue light screen protector to help…but my mac just has a regular protector – but i use it a lot and often end up with tired eyes or struggle to turn myself off at night…So i have downloaded this and will give it a try🙂 LikeLiked by 1 person iSRS - 12 months ago Reply For those of you using it, is this still an issue (from the developers website). “Note for people using f.lux on El Capitan (10.11): The new version of “Automatically adjust brightness” in El Capitan seems to cause flickering with f.lux. For the moment, you’ll have to turn this feature off to use f.lux. To make the fix, use System Preferences > Displays and uncheck. Occasionally, a reboot may also be necessary.” LikeLiked by 1 person 311sie - 12 months ago Reply Not for me. LikeLike apple146 - 9 months ago Reply Don’t think it’s flickering for me…but glare on bright bits of the screen when in full screen on YouTube…really frustrating…but I assume Apple won’t assist in fixing the issue with flux as they’re bound to build night shift into OS for Macs…hopefully it comes soon!! Your suggestion doesn’t fix this issue, but was worth trying…any other ideas anyone?? LikeLike maxleopold - 12 months ago Reply “Night Shift” does not seem to work on all Devices – can’t find the Settings for it on my iPad2 with A5 Chip… LikeLike michael0810 - 12 months ago Reply As far as I know, Night Shift is only available on 64-bit devices (iPhone 5s, iPad Air, iPad mini 2, iPad Pro, iPod touch 6G or newer). LikeLike Tyler Jon Warnecke (@tyler_warnecke) - 12 months ago Reply I wonder if Apple will add a Night Shift option to the Mac in a new update, and make f.lux obsolete, by already having the feature built in. It does make since to have it built in both iOS and OS X. LikeLike apple146 - 9 months ago Reply Agreed…and obviously Apple prefer to avoid third party apps in order to keep OS as light as possible. Easier for the user in the long run…as long as it works well, and they start addressing reported issues more quickly, or just test it themselves before releasing…that would be the day…apple’s meant to be smooth…but bugs bugs bugs everywhere!! Sorry, turned into a mini rant… LikeLike Erlend Mørch (@monstermasten) - 12 months ago Reply In Norway the sun goes down at 3 pm this time of year… LikeLike apple146 - 9 months ago Reply It knows that…no problem LikeLike The Annoyed Elephant - 12 months ago Reply I’ve used f.lux for about a year now and I love it. LikeLike pogwilson - 12 months ago Reply Flux works a treat. Thank you for the link. LikeLike Thomas D'haen (@ThomasDhaen) - 12 months ago Reply flux was the only reason I jailbreaked iPads / iPhones, i’ve used it for years. I feel bad for them not getting part of the credit for this LikeLiked by 1 person dmkanter - 12 months ago Reply I snagged a copy of f.lux for iOS before it was removed from their website. I will probably use Xcode to try and side load while I still can. LikeLike Wesley Ellis - 12 months ago Reply A lot of waking hours went into ripping off f.lux. LikeLike Dallen Richard Loder - 9 months ago Reply What Apple can do themselves that flux can’t is in all new Macs going forward, they can use night shift to adjust the color temperature of the backlit keyboard as well; something that’s glaringly missing as I use flux right now. LikeLike raja777m - 7 months ago Reply how many lumens does apple use in it’s night shift mode? Flux gives us option to choose but I’m doing something wrong with the yellow level and it kind of gave me burning eyes in the morning. LikeLike matthk - 4 months ago Reply It’s not called “Flux” it’s called f.lux !!! LikeLike Siew Lee Seow - 6 days ago Reply This is perfect! Easy to download and use. Thanks 9to5Mac. LikeLike Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Apple in 2017: What’s next for Mac, iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch & Apple TV this year Trending in Apple Apple Watch, New Year’s resolutions, and losing 50 pounds Trending in Reviews Hands-on: LG Apple-endorsed 5K Display – an UltraFine choice for MacBook Pro owners? [Video] Trending in Apple Review: Nanoleaf’s Aurora smart lighting panels match modular customization with HomeKit control [Video] Trending in Apple iPhone 8: Everything we currently know about Apple’s 10th anniversary flagship Trending in Apple Comment: Apple continues to explore bringing the Digital Crown to iPhones & iPads, and I still like the idea February 9, 2016 AAPL: 94.99 -0.02 How-To: Migrate notes from Evernote to Apple Notes Zac Hall - 11 months ago @apollozac Mac iCloud how to Evernote notes Comments (36) Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Update: iOS 9.3 adds support for importing Evernote data into Notes by long-pressing on Evernote Export files. Apple dramatically improved its Notes app with iOS 9 and OS X El Capitan last fall thanks to enhanced photo support, new formatting tools, URL snippets, a share extension, and an iCloud Drive backend to keep it all in sync. So much so that people have actually been moving from Evernote to Apple Notes and not looking back, but there hasn’t been a simple way to make the leap until now. Included in the OS X 10.11.4 software update is a new option in the Notes app that makes migrating content from Evernote to Apple Notes a very simple process. Here’s what you’ll need to get started: A Mac running OS X 10.11.4, it’s currently in beta although there’s a public beta version available as well, this will likely be available to everyone next month Evernote for Mac, you can download it for free from the Mac App Store Notes on your Mac, this is pre-installed, just make sure you’re signed in with your iCloud account and using iCloud Drive for the full experience Note: Migration doesn’t work yet on iPhones and iPads. You’ll need a Mac to do the heavy lifting, then your migrated notes will sync across all platforms including the web. With that in mind, let’s get started. Install Evernote for Mac from the Mac App Store if you haven’t already. You can download it here. Log in to Evernote, but first click the ‘Sign in’ option as ‘Create an account’ deceptively defaults on launch. Let all your notes sync in (you’ll know they’re finished loading in when the spinner next to your email address in the top left stops spinning), then look around and decide which notes you want to migrate. By default, you view all your notes across different notebooks together. To migrate everything all at once, click ‘Edit’ at the top of your screen while you’re in Evernote, then click ‘Select All’ to pick all of your entries for exporting. This makes bulk migration easier, but Evernote includes some notes of their own from time to time (which might be why people are migrating) so you might want to be more selective. If you’re like me and just have a few entries, you can hold the Command (⌘) key and click each note individually. Optionally, you can view your notes in separate collections by clicking the ‘Notebooks’ section on the left side. This lets you choose which collections you want to export. However, you can only select one notebook at a time. Once you’ve chosen which notes or notebooks to export, the export process is very easy. While you’re in Evernote, click ‘File’ at the top of your screen, then click the ‘Export Notes…’ option. Next you’ll see a menu with a few options like what you want to name your Evernote export file, where you want to save it, and which file type it will use. The default ‘My Notes’ filename is fine, I chose Desktop as the save location to make finding it later easier, and we’ll use the ‘Evernote XML Format (.enex)’ for this. Once you hit ‘Save’ and see the ‘Export complete.’ dialog, click ‘OK’ and verify that you now have a file on your desktop or wherever you picked to save it called ‘My Notes.enex’. Now you’re finished with Evernote and can close the app. Next, launch Notes and click ‘File’ at the top of your screen, then click the ‘Import Notes…’ option. Remember, this requires OS X 10.11.4 or later. This will bring up a new window that lets you select the .enex file we exported earlier. Choose the ‘My Notes.enex’ file, then click the ‘Import’ button to start the importing process. You may see a prompt with a warning that your notes “may look different in Notes”, then select ‘Import Notes’ to go forward. Remember, your data is still in Evernote at this point if anything goes wrong. Finally, Notes will migrate your data in and file your notes from Evernote into a nearly created Imported Notes folder. Look around and make sure everything looks correct, then you can move your migrated notes into their own folders if you prefer. And that’s it! For me, the only data I had left in Evernote was from the defunct Evernote Food app where I briefly journaled my favorite meals, but I hadn’t bothered to try more complicated migration methods in the past. The new import option on OS X 10.11.4 makes migrating notes from Evernote to Apple Notes much simpler than previous workarounds, and all of the dates and formatting for my entries remained intact. Ideally, a similar migration on iPhones and iPads would help even more users make the switch, but this new method works effectively for users with access to a Mac and iCloud pushes the data to Notes on iOS and the web as well. If you’re completely satisfied with Apple Notes and no longer need Evernote, you can even delete your data there, deactivate your account, and request that your email be removed from their system for good using these instructions. The software update also adds password-protected notes to the Apple Notes app on OS X and iOS, with Touch ID devices even having the option to use the fingerprint sensor to unlock entries. Currently in developer and public betas, these new features will likely be available to all users next month. Guides Mac View THe Guide iCloud View THe Guide how to View THe Guide Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Please log in using one of these methods to post your comment: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Brent Plummer (@DribbleCastle) - 11 months ago Reply Notes app would be great if it were truly cross platform. I don’t consider Apple’s web apps cross platform. They’re just not good enough compared to the competition. LikeLiked by 1 person PMZanetti - 11 months ago Reply Why would that be great? And what does cross platform even mean today? You mean compatible with the Default Notes app on Windows? Does Windows even have a Notes app? You want Apple’s rich Notes platform, that spans OS X, iOS, and iCloud.com to be opened in Notepad on Windows? I don’t get it. Are you referencing some garbage software on Android? Either way. No. LikeLiked by 3 people Aunty T (@AuntyTroll) - 11 months ago Calm down dear – he said Apple’s WEB APPS. LikeLiked by 3 people Brent Plummer (@DribbleCastle) - 11 months ago Basically what I’m saying is that having a native Evernote app on Windows is better than using the iCloud Notes feature via the web. I haven’t really given the Notes web app a good run since iOS 9 when they switched notes off IMAP. Maybe it’s better now, but I just don’t like Apples iCloud apps. Mail is a terrible experience and that’s where a lot of the feeling comes from. LikeLiked by 3 people Doug Aalseth - 11 months ago @Brent Plummer If you don’t like Apple’s Mail.app then what do you use? Not being facetious, I’ve been wondering what people are using on the Mac. LikeLiked by 1 person Cameron Saemann (@camerons) - 11 months ago @Doug Aalseth Im using Kiwi for Gmail. It’s a desktop app that integrates with Gmail’s interface. I love it! LikeLiked by 1 person Doug Aalseth - 11 months ago Interesting, Never heard of Kiwi. I’ll take a look. thanks. LikeLiked by 1 person Nicolas Sawicki (@nsawicki) - 11 months ago Reply What happens to audio recordings and other non-supported files? LikeLiked by 2 people Michael Williams - 2 weeks ago Reply Super delayed comment, but I found this article right after Evernote said they were changing their privacy policy to allow certain employees to see your notes (they quickly retracted after backlash)… Just reading through comments and thought I’d answer yours, in case you haven’t gotten your answer. If I’m understanding correctly, audio recordings (at least for iOS are in the Voice Memos app). I haven’t played with it enough, but you should be able to record a “voice memo” (or any audio) and using the share button, share to Notes app. LikeLike Bruno Fernandes (@Linkb8) - 11 months ago Reply This is like siphoning your gas from a BMW into a Lada. Yay! Notes is far from being able to replace or replicate the features of Evernote. Unfortunately, even though there’s a lot to dislike about Evernote, there’s simply nothing else available today that has all of its formatting and embedding features. I’ve tried pretty much every single app that pretends to be even remotely similar. LikeLiked by 2 people fuzzy76 - 10 months ago Reply I would rather say from a semi truck to a sedan. Most people don’t need the extra features of Evernote, and having all that bloat is actually making the user experience worse. LikeLiked by 1 person demianturner - 4 months ago Reply hilarious, this made me laugh! How come no one is commenting that a) if you’ve exported a Stack, all Notebooks are NOT converted into folders; b) of course all tags are lost, Notes.app doesn’t have tags. Also, it imports an HTML mess …. LikeLike James Hoyt (@djnativus) - 3 months ago Reply The thing is now Evernote only allows you to use it from two devices so it’s severely limited. Plus it bothers you all the time to purchase. Granted it’s worth it if you use many of it’s features, which I don’t. The most annoying thing is copy pasting things into Evernote it makes them into tables you can’t edit and things end up looking pretty crap. I have an iCloud subscription and absolutely love it. The web interface for it is slick and now I can use Notes on all my Mac devices without issue. And it’s a breeze. Love it! LikeLike Chris (@pelted) - 11 months ago Reply Just saw this and tried it out on a couple of my Evernote notebooks. It worked fairly well, and quite well with web clipped (simplified articles) that I had in Evernote. I’ve been an Evernote Pro user for several years now, but frankly been frustrated with the app updates, and all the product pushing they have been doing. Evernote has two things going for it that Notes does not: 1. Web Clipping. If Apple could take the Reader View of a webpage and embed that as a note it would be pretty close to perfect. An example is recipe websites. They are often crowded with extraneous links and ads to other things but I often want the text and images of the recipe in question, this is where Evernote’s Web Clipper excels for me. The current way Note links webpages is not at all sufficient. 2. OCR. As a pro user I’ve often used and even relied on the post-processing of images for full-text search. It works well. Take a picture of a document or of a meeting white board and save it to Evernote. You will later be able to text search those notes and find them even though the text was in an image. I don’t see this as something Apple will ever implement. LikeLiked by 3 people Bruno Fernandes (@Linkb8) - 11 months ago Reply It would be nice if more software had those features, definitely. OCR especially, given that there are a couple of very nice and “free” libraries available. WRT recipes, most good recipe-specific programs should have scraping support for popular web sites which will pull all the necessary data, including ingredients, steps and photo(s) of the dish. LikeLiked by 1 person Cameron Saemann (@camerons) - 11 months ago Reply Chris, I hated the app pushing, feature bloat, and marketplace stuff (there were Evernote socks!), but since about September, they’ve done a bit of restructuring, killed several of their extraneous apps, basically got rid of the Marketplace, and seem to be really focused on the app and creating a great experienced. i haven’t been this excited about Evernote in quite a while. LikeLiked by 1 person PhilBoogie - 11 months ago Reply “Web Clipping. If Apple could take the Reader View of a webpage and embed that as a note it would be pretty close to perfect.” Try this out, works very good IMO: getpocket dot com LikeLike Mark Stevens - 11 months ago Reply At least 3 things. Evernote allows collaboration and shared notes, so for example I can create a note and share it with my wife, who can make her own changes. Any changes either of us makes on a shared note syncs anywhere either of us uses Evernote. We USED to be able to do that with text notes in Apple’s Notes, but the new version only allows one to access upgraded (or newly-created) notes in ones primary account. Notes does not currently allow collaboration or sharing. LikeLiked by 1 person rahhbriley - 11 months ago Reply Still no tagging features for Notes, right? Then while it’s nice this exists, it’s not enough until there is tagging, audio file support, etc. LikeLiked by 2 people chroniktronik - 11 months ago Reply Until Apple returns the ability to share iOS Notes with someone using a different iCloud account, no thanks. LikeLiked by 1 person triankar - 11 months ago Reply My few remaining notes on Evernote are counting days, now that this is out🙂 I stopped using Evernote when iOS 9 came out and I’ve already moved most of my stuff across. Then Evernote can be as aggressive / annoying as they want with their remaining user base…🙂 Having said that, for any serious note taking I still use Pages. I tried using Notes for note taking (both during seminars and during business meetings) and Notes isn’t quite “there” yet. Especially for seminars. Some things I’d like to see in Notes in the future: – be able to colourise text on iOS (only available on OSX) – be able to add/customise paragraph styles. “title” and “heading” do not suffice in any case. Not for any serious note taking (e.g. “quoted text”, “rule”, “warning” are some custom styles I’d create). One set of paragraph styles for all notes, synced across iCloud, should do the trick – be able to zoom in on text / set default font size for viewing. My iPad mini in “laptop” mode (with bluetooth keyboard) can be a bit of a pain sometimes, especially when I want to write text in an accented language While on the topic, when copying content from Notes to Pages in iOS, text formatting and images aren’t copied across. In OSX it works a lot better, except for – doodles get copied on a default canvas size, rather than actual content size – lists (like this one) are copied as plain text with tabs Hopefully we’ll see those fixed or implemented in iOS 10. LikeLike Jake Becker - 11 months ago Reply Implementing things are a tightrope here, adding everything mentioned in the comments would bloat Notes to being another Pages. I’m also not sure Notes is supposed to be Evernote. Notes is the thing you make quick notes with that gets synced and sits in iCloud. I don’t know that it’s supposed to microwave your food🙂 LikeLiked by 4 people jramskovk (@jramskovk) - 11 months ago Reply Evernote has been reliable, always worked great and worked across platforms for me. I see no reason why I should switch to Apple Notes and iCloud? I honestly don’t have that much faith in iCloud. I have also turned of iMessage simply because it caused more trouble than it was worth. This is of course just my experience, but while I think Apple makes generally amazing hardware, their software is less amazing. LikeLike windlasher - 11 months ago Reply I agree. Unless Apple is planning on releasing a PC version as well, its useless to me as I use both. LikeLike Louie Tran (@thegeeksoffice) - 11 months ago Reply This is great if you only use Mac. I like to stay platform agnostic as I switch between Mac and Windows to do different tasks and Evernote is awesome in both operating systems. LikeLiked by 2 people Jonathan Bruck - 11 months ago Reply I’m excited about this, but mostly because I fear that Evernote will not survive. LikeLiked by 1 person Michael (@OperaNowPodcast) - 10 months ago Reply I doubt that most people who have heard of and use Evernote would think Apple’s Notes program is a suitable replacement at this point. LikeLike Sergey (@sergeyint) - 9 months ago Reply For me it’s a switch. I migrated all Evernote notes to Notes.app only because everything in my household is Apple. I stopped using windows 6 years ago. If I ever need those notes on windows, I just open iCloud.com. The biggest limitation in using Evernote for me was its 60mb monthly quota. It’s like upload 5 notes with pictures and you are done. Yes it’s cross-platform, but I don’t want to pay for it, that’s the main reason I stopped using Evernote 2 years ago and been using Notes or Word since that. LikeLiked by 1 person rhkennerly (@rhkennerly) - 7 months ago Reply Does anyone know of a cloud product for both ios and osx that has the features of Evernote on the frontend but the power of DevonThink on the backend? It seems all the effort is in putting material into EN/Note/One Note, but almost no work on organizing and getting information out of these programs for big writing & research projects. LikeLike Tim Wayne - 6 months ago Reply Article should include update: today, Evernote changed it’s usage policy so people can only use the free version across two devices. More than that and you have to upgrade. So all the more reason to migrate to Notes. LikeLike Robert Pelletier - 6 months ago Reply That’s right, only two devices is not enough. The thing is that notes added on my MBPro do not sync with iCloud, and I’m on El Capitan. Don’t know how to solve this. LikeLiked by 1 person Alison Elizabeth (@Alisone_king) - 6 months ago Reply I migrated 245 notes from Evernote to Apple Notes using my MAC. Everything went smoothly. BUT…my iPhone notes app is completely busted! It has a series of numbers next to all my folders, and crashes every time I go into it. I cannot access ANY notes on my phone now. Anyone know of a fix?!!! LikeLike Casper - 5 months ago Reply Just discovered a show stopper which could make it impossible to move away from Evernote (or a lot of work), xml in notes is being stripped off when imported into Notes.app …. Oh, well…. LikeLike Vartan Hayastan - 5 months ago Reply Evernote was and has been my absolute favorite notes app. I used it extensively for note taking in meetings (on iPad and iPhone, it even auto populates location and meeting name from my calendar), to do lists, web clippings and other misc notes (like code segments, random thoughts etc), all nicely organized in geotagged folders/notes with tags etc. However, recently I was forced to migrate elsewhere because now my work blocks Evernote server for intellectual property concerns (they basically block any non-Microsoft cloud based apps / services and even for MS apps, it’s employer domain addressed server addresses). In addition, Evernote now started charging for more than two devices. Unless you want to use Evernote with a web browser only, it’s a pain and I don’t want to pay monthly fee for an app that I can’t even use at work. So, the instructions above worked well for me. It took a little while to re-generate my folder structure and migrate notes from “Imported Notes” folder but at least now I have all my devices (at home I am all Apple) accessing Notes. At work, I can still use my iPhone to take notes and web interface to connect to iCloud. It’s not a perfect solution as before but it works and it’s free. LikeLike David Pavlis (@dpavlis) - 3 months ago Reply A nice how-to about automatically migrating Evernotes to Apple Notes is on this blog; http://www.cloveretltalks.com/2016/09/evernote-to-apple-notes.html LikeLike Jay Wong - 3 weeks ago Reply Good thing I never trusted that despicable company and always put all my notes on Apple Notes!! LikeLike Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Apple in 2017: What’s next for Mac, iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch & Apple TV this year Trending in Apple Apple Watch, New Year’s resolutions, and losing 50 pounds Trending in Reviews Hands-on: LG Apple-endorsed 5K Display – an UltraFine choice for MacBook Pro owners? [Video] Trending in Apple Review: Nanoleaf’s Aurora smart lighting panels match modular customization with HomeKit control [Video] Trending in Apple iPhone 8: Everything we currently know about Apple’s 10th anniversary flagship Trending in Apple Comment: Apple continues to explore bringing the Digital Crown to iPhones & iPads, and I still like the idea March 22, 2016 AAPL: 106.72 0.81 Security How-To: Enable two-factor authentication on iOS 9 and OS X El Capitan Greg Barbosa - 10 months ago @gregbarbosa iOS how to Security Apple ID two-factor authentication Comments (27) Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Three years ago to the day, Apple added in two-step verification to help improve user security. The verification method relied on the user having another device readily available to help authenticate a sign-in. As of today, Apple has taken that security further by now offering two-factor authentication to all users running iOS 9 and OS X El Capitan. Both methods strive to increase a user’s foothold in security practices, but both go about doing so in very different ways. Luckily, Apple has chosen to make sure that the end user experience is phenomenal no matter what method they choose. Getting started, or switching to the new two-factor authentication is not without it’s questions. Let’s dive in and resolve them. Why switch to two-factor authentication? Two-factor authentication, also known as 2FA, is a method of authentication relying on two different components. In the Apple ID example we’ll be reviewing, that would be the Apple ID’s password, and a secondary device that has already been authenticated. This secondary device would receive a one time use code whenever a new authentication is requested. On the surface, this seems very similar to Apple’s two-step verification that is already in place. Except, this new 2FA implementation requires that each new device attempting to authenticate with an Apple ID must be approved from another device. In Apple’s previous two-step verification, a user could simply type in the Apple ID password and be authenticated. The only area two-step verification seemed to consistently come into play for me was when signing onto the Apple ID website. Switching to Apple’s new two-factor authentication method ensures that if an Apple ID’s credentials were ever stolen, they wouldn’t be automatically authenticated onto a new (or previously wiped) device. The new two-factor authentication presents the verification code on devices in a different manner. During the two-step verification process, a user would simply get an alert dialog indicating someone requested the verification code. With two-factor authentication, the alert dialog presents a small map of the authentication request’s approximate location for approval before showing the verification code. Before Getting Started Apple explains that while all iCloud users can enable two-factor authentication today, at least one of their devices needs to be running iOS 9 or OS X El Capitan. Apple’s list of recommended system requirements are listed below: iPhone, iPad, or iPod touch with iOS 9 Mac with OS X El Capitan and iTunes 12.3 Apple Watch with watchOS 2 Apple TV (4th generation) with tvOS Windows PC with iCloud for Windows 5 and iTunes 12.3.3 Note: If at least one of your devices is meeting the recommended requirements, you may still be able to use other devices running older software in conjunction with two-factor authentication. More information can be found under “What if I use two-factor authentication on a device running older software?” Enabling Two-Factor Authentication To enable two-factor authentication on your Apple ID account, we will have to turn off two-step verification if it is currently enabled. First head to the Apple ID website, and sign in. Once on the site, we will need to select ‘Edit’ in the ‘Security’ section so that we may disable two-step verification. Select ‘Turn Off Two-Step Verification’ under the ‘Two-Step Verification’ section. In the process of disabling it, the site will then walk you through creating three security questions for your account. While this may be annoying, it’s a necessary step in helping secure the account in case a password is forgotten. Tip: Use a third-party password manager like 1Password on iOS or the Mac to generate three random pass-phrases as the answers to your security questions. This ensures that someone won’t be able to easily guess your password. Also, if you ever end up having to call Apple Support, you will be able to dictate your security answers easily. Once two-step verification has been turned off, we’ll move to iOS to enable two-factor authentication. Let’s head to Settings > iCloud > and then select your Apple ID up at the top. iOS should request you to enter your iCloud password before proceeding. Once in, select ‘Password & Security’ and then ‘Set Up Two-Factor Authentication…’ at the bottom of the view. iOS will now walk you through creating this extra layer of security. If any of your devices have not yet been updated to the latest recommended requirements, you may get a prompt like I did indicating such. That’s it! You’ve now successfully enabled two-factor authentication on your iOS and Mac devices. Now, whenever a new device attempts to authenticate with your Apple ID, your trusted devices will be alerted with an alert dialog indicating the location the request is coming from and the verification code necessary to authenticate. Further reading on Apple’s usage of two-factor authentication is available in the links below: Two-factor authentication for Apple ID Get a verification code and sign in with two-factor authentication Availability of two-factor authentication in iOS 9 and OS X El Capitan Guides iOS View THe Guide how to View THe Guide Security View THe Guide Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Please log in using one of these methods to post your comment: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. hopefulhumanist - 10 months ago Reply Thanks for posting this! I’ve been trying to make the switch for months, when they said it would roll out to users who had the latest OS updates… LikeLiked by 1 person Greg Barbosa - 10 months ago Reply Glad you like it! LikeLiked by 1 person Smigit - 10 months ago Yeah ditto, thanks for the guide. Been waiting for ages…wasn’t aware it could be fast tracked by disabling Two Step Authentication. LikeLiked by 1 person Greg Barbosa - 10 months ago I spent about an hour playing with two-step and two-factor (boy was that annoying), just to double check that everything WAS different. But at the end of the day I’m glad you enjoyed it. LikeLiked by 1 person John Lundell (@johnlundell) - 10 months ago Reply I don’t really understand what is new – I already have 2 factor turned on, and it indicates so in iOS. Its been on for at least a year or more. LikeLiked by 1 person Smigit - 10 months ago Reply Are you sure it’s Two Factor and not Two Step? From what I can see, Two Factor authentication was first announced around July 2015 (https://9to5mac.com/2015/07/08/apple-revamped-two-factor-login/) and began a staged rollout with the release of iOS 9. LikeLike Greg Barbosa - 10 months ago Smigit is correct. Two-step verification has been available for a few years now, but 2FA had a slow roll-out until Apple opened it for all just recently. LikeLike William - 10 months ago Reply Note the security question answers can’t be more than 32 characters long (and it doesn’t tell you this until after you’ve entered DOB and backup email address.) Also my Mac Mini, since I (finally) installed El Capitan this morning, seems to think I’m several hundred miles from where I am, despite iPhone with GPS being on same wireless network. LikeLiked by 2 people Eraserhead (@__Eraserhead) - 10 months ago Reply Cool, thanks for sharing. I already had it enabled, but like the new version with the map better. LikeLiked by 1 person raist3001 - 10 months ago Reply I don’t see set up two factor authentication under password and security. I am running 9.3 on my 6+ LikeLike Alan Aurmont - 10 months ago Reply Question: How come when I try to sign in to my Apple ID on my iPad, I get sign-in notification only on my iPhone, but not on my Mac? LikeLiked by 1 person Greg Barbosa - 10 months ago Reply I noticed this behavior too once. I configured 2FA, and then signed out and back into my iPad. But the iPad only started receiving the sign-in notification after a few hours. I hope the Mac will as well. LikeLike Alan Aurmont - 10 months ago Thanks, Greg. To start receiving notifications on Mac (if you don’t already), simply go to System Preferences on Mac, then access iCloud, then Account Details, re-enter iCloud password if requested. That’s it. Simply quit System Preferences, and you should start receiving notifications now. LikeLike crichton007 - 10 months ago Reply It sounds like you need to define your Mac as a trusted device. I had the same issue when I got my new iPhone until I went to the Apple ID website and defined my iPhone as a trusted device. LikeLike Fer Guzman (@OtiumOtiosum) - 10 months ago Reply The only think I also needed to do was turn iCloud off and then on because my notes and messages stopped syncing with my mac. LikeLiked by 1 person Stephaughn Alston (@HiTekkSteff) - 9 months ago Reply When you signed out of iCloud on your iPhone did it warn you that “all photos in iCloud Library will be removed from this phone”? I’m having the same problem where as though my iMessages don’t sync with my Mac anymore. LikeLike Greg Barbosa - 9 months ago I did get that message, yes. As far as iMessage not syncing with the Mac, I made sure to sign out of everywhere at the same time, and then resign into everything after. After about a day or two everything was syncing like normal again. LikeLike Markus Steven Müller (@markusSmueller) - 10 months ago Reply Note, you have to go through the last step where you sign in/go to the iCloud setting on every device you want two-factor authentication enabled. On an Apple Watch the only way to sign out is by singing out completely out of iCloud on the connected iPhone and only then you can sign in again via the Watch App on your iPhone. https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT205520 LikeLike Jason Robinson - 6 months ago Reply Markus, can you personally confirm that it’s possible to use the Watch as a trusted device for two-factor authentication? I haven’t seen this explicitly stated online anywhere else, and I don’t want to go through the hassle of disconnecting/reconnecting my phone from iCloud if not… (Thanks!) LikeLike Conor (@conorgriffin) - 7 days ago Anyone know if this is the case? Can the watch be a trusted device? LikeLike Morac - 10 months ago Reply “In Apple’s previous two-step verification, a user could simply type in the Apple ID password and be authenticated.” No, that’s wrong. With two-step verification, logging in on an unrecognized device (iOS, Mac, PC, web site, etc), would result in it asking for a 4 digit code which could either be sent to a “known” iOS device or to a registered SMS number. Basically there was little different between 2-step and 2-factor other than the later is built into iOS 9, uses a 6 digit code and gives the location of the request, while the former uses the “Find My Phone” interface, uses a 4 digit code and doesn’t give the location. 2-step is just as effective at protecting devices as 2-factor (maybe more so since there is no way to recover the account without the recovery code). When I restored one of my iOS devices, i was forced to authenticate it with the 4 digit 2-step code before I could log in. The same thing happened when I tried to log into iCloud for Windows and iTunes on a new Windows PC. Unfortunately some people are stuck with 2-step because 2-factor only works with the Apple Id logged into iCloud. People who log into secondary iCloud accounts or use a different Apple ID for iTunes and iCloud, can’t enable 2-factor authentication for those Apple IDs. LikeLike Greg Barbosa - 10 months ago Reply Morac, I answered that very point in the sentence following the one you quoted. “The only area two-step verification seemed to consistently come into play for me was when signing onto the Apple ID website.” Two-step verification’s decision of what was unrecognized and what was recognized is different than 2FA. When having two-step enabled on my devices, I could remove and re-add the iCloud accounts and never be asked to go through the verification process again. 2FA now kicks in regardless if that device had been previously used or not. That’s one of the reasons why I clarified it coming “into play for me”. I explained the difference between two-step and two-factor’s UI in my review wise as well. “…your trusted devices will be alerted with an alert dialog indicating the location the request is coming from and the verification code necessary to authenticate.” LikeLike saklad5 - 9 months ago Reply I don’t really want to use two-factor authentication, since it would prevent me from using iCloud.com if my phone ran out of power. It would be great if the requirement could be waived when devices vanish off Find My iPhone. LikeLike Komrad - 4 months ago Reply I hate this feature. I’m trying to multi-task and get stopped every few minutes by an app that needs me to stop what I am doing to generate an app-specify password for it. No. Just plain no. LikeLike Greg Barbosa - 4 months ago Reply I have not seen this issue anywhere at all. Not sure why you are. LikeLike Water Lens, LLC (@waterlens) - 4 months ago Reply Awesome. Thanks. Never would have been able to figure this out with Apple’s cryptic messages on the system settings (just said to enable 2 factor – no hint to go to iOS. LikeLike John Gary Morris - 3 months ago Reply Great information, I was Beginning to get frustrated. LikeLiked by 1 person Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Apple in 2017: What’s next for Mac, iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch & Apple TV this year Trending in Apple Apple Watch, New Year’s resolutions, and losing 50 pounds Trending in Reviews Hands-on: LG Apple-endorsed 5K Display – an UltraFine choice for MacBook Pro owners? [Video] Trending in Apple Review: Nanoleaf’s Aurora smart lighting panels match modular customization with HomeKit control [Video] Trending in Apple iPhone 8: Everything we currently know about Apple’s 10th anniversary flagship Trending in Apple Comment: Apple continues to explore bringing the Digital Crown to iPhones & iPads, and I still like the idea December 13, 2015 AAPL: 113.18 -2.99 How-To: Enhance Apple Pencil with a standard pen clip for carrying and stabilizing Zac Hall - 1 year ago @apollozac iPad how to iPad Pro IPad Pro case Comments (27) Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Apple Pencil is a terrific digital stylus that transforms iPad Pro into a highly capable electronic sketch pad and notebook, but it’s dead simple design potentially leaves something to be desired for some users. For example, its cylindrical-shaped symmetrical body lacks a basic pen clip for attaching it to your shirt pocket or elsewhere, which makes it look prettier and simpler but means it easily rolls down inclines and can’t attach to cases or pockets. Apple has weighted it internally to sit in place on a flat surface cleverly with the Apple Pencil marking facing upward, but it’s still no match for a slight slant and where exactly are you supposed to put it? This creates an obvious opportunity for accessory makers. There will surely be a market of add-ones for Apple Pencil, it’s just a matter of time of course, and case makers like Urban Armor Gear are already tackling the problem with solutions like this. But I’m plenty happy with either a Smart Cover or Smart Keyboard, personally, and don’t much want a spot on my case dedicated for stashing the Apple Pencil. What have I found to work best for me? The novel idea of one clever Reddit user called texasdoesitbest posted late last month. Buy a particular basic mechanical pencil with a removable metal clip, detach it, and slide it on Apple Pencil. It’s a nearly perfect fit and only costs a few bucks. Here’s what you need and how it works: 1. Apple Pencil, you wouldn’t have this problem to solve otherwise right? 2. Pentel Sharp Automatic Pencil, 0.5mm — I picked up a 2-pack for under $10. 3. Something to attach it to — it clips along pretty nicely to the fold of the Smart Keyboard and feels more secure than a magnet solution might. Most of the work is in removing the attached clip from the mechanical pencil. I found that it’s secured on fairly well, but it does separate on one side without bending too harshly and slides off. It’s hacky, but I used a butter knife to pry it off. Once the metal clip is freed, it’s time to attach it to Apple Pencil. You could bend it outward enough to fit over the removable Lighting connector cover, but I found it easier to slip it from the nub end which is pointed and smaller than the clip’s opening. Once you get past the nub, Apple Pencil thickens and enough so that it easily lets the clip securely hug it and stay put. Just slide it upward to where you like it. After trying a few spots, I found that placing the clip part just to the left of the Apple Pencil marking on the metal band fits really well — it doesn’t obscure the tasteful Apple branding and it actually aligns almost intentionally with the Lightning connector under the cap. It’s not an absolutely perfect solution: the band doesn’t fully enclose so there’s a white gap opposite the clip, you could potentially scratch Apple Pencil’s plastic casing or metal ring if you slide it on too tightly, and there’s both Pentel and Japan stamped into the clip band. I have found it to be highly practical, however, and clipping it to the Smart Keyboard’s cover means I’m much more likely to have Apple Pencil around during leisure time for spontaneous doodling and not just in my backpack or at my desk. I’m not completely in love with how it looks attached, but there is something typical about the pen and clipboard effect it creates. I’m curious, now, to see the inevitable market of pen clips created especially for Apple Pencil to develop. Pentel Sharp Automatic Pencil 0.5mm is sold from $6.00 on Amazon. Don’t have an Apple Pencil or prefer a less enormous iPad? Adonit Jot Dash is a recommended iPad stylus that features its own clip. Guides iPad What's next for Apple's iPad line? View THe Guide how to View THe Guide iPad Pro View THe Guide Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Please log in using one of these methods to post your comment: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. 89p13 - 1 year ago Reply WOW – Editorial Dictatorship much? There were 3 or 4 comments on this article – ALL of them critical of this “idea” – and none of them would have met the Editorial Definition of Vile, Obscene or Threatening . . . . Yet, they all seem to have been deleted. Or, is it my internet connections? LikeLiked by 5 people Zac Hall - 1 year ago Reply Yes, found the first batch of comments distasteful to the point that friends and family were asking if i was aware of them … on a Sunday morning. Like the idea or hate it, that’s fine, but I chose not to have something I found distasteful under my writing. Thanks for reading. LikeLiked by 2 people kjl3000 - 1 year ago You just confirmed being no journalist and discriminating other people for having another opinion. Welcome to the end of free speech! LikeLike 89p13 - 1 year ago Well, Zac, we are all entitled to our opinions and while I found the comments that were deleted to be mildly critical and somewhat humorous in their delivery, my particular post that was swept away was – IMHO – valid in that it pointed out that following your suggestion was potentially dangerous to the iPad Pro screen. Specifically, a very serious scratching of the screen from the metal clip you installed on the pen as well as the potential cracking of the screen glass if something was to press too hard on the iPad Pro cover as shown in your illustration photos. Again, everyone has their own opinion, but I found your sweeping away those comments that were critical of your suggestion to be childish (‘It’s my ball and if you won’t play by my rules, I’m taking it back.”) and unprofessional, YOU control who and what gets posted. And it seems that you may have kicked over a hornets nest by your reaction to those early posts – but I’ll still read and comment of 9 to 5. I really appreciate and respect most of the editors and what they write and find the ability to comment on those posts to be informative and, in many cases, enlightening to the original post. YMMV LikeLiked by 2 people kjl3000 - 1 year ago Reply See Seths confirmation below … LikeLike o0smoothies0o - 1 year ago Reply I literally suggested this weeks ago in one of the articles on the pencil not having a clip. LikeLike George Pollen - 1 year ago Reply This looks cooler, but I’m uncertain how rugged the lightning port is in such an application. LikeLiked by 1 person Jonathan Boice - 1 year ago Reply Yes this is a real problem but not the right solution, there is two key issues with the iPad Pro and Apple Pencil combo and that is how to charge it, with out the fear of braking it, and the other is how do I keep it at hand when I need it, and Pend or shirt clips and not the answer. But I did have a look around and I like this solution but will need to see if they get its backing first. http://igg.me/at/valkariclip/x/12926239 LikeLike Craig Leaf - 10 months ago Reply I can’t find that but would point out this all in one fix it (most funded apple pencil accessory) fully funded on Kickstarter now available from Indiegogo inDemand http://igg.me/at/Pense/x/13430635 LikeLike rogifan - 1 year ago Reply Look at a high quality artist pencil…none of them have clips or erasers. That’s what Apple’s Pencil was modeled after. LikeLiked by 1 person The Geezer - 1 year ago Reply I’m using this solution: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B002CWMAPW?psc=1&redirect=true&ref_=oh_aui_detailpage_o08_s00 It works great on an Apple Smart Case knock-off I also picked up on Amazon: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00W4ZLZP8?psc=1&redirect=true&ref_=oh_aui_detailpage_o09_s00 A one-piece item that’s $125 cheaper than Apple’s two-piece solution. LikeLike Zac Hall - 1 year ago Reply Cool, that’s a neat solution. LikeLike kjl3000 - 1 year ago Reply So now you start deleting “critical” comments? Well done, 9to5mac, you just lost a “critical” reader! P.S.: here’s my “critical” post to that article that needed to be censored: “Please, DON’T” P.P.S. Go ahead and delete this as well, 9to5mac has also been deleted from my bookmarks, ciao! LikeLike kjl3000 - 1 year ago Reply Here’s a copy of my mail to Seth regarding censorship at 9to5mac: Dear Seth, as a longterm reader and follower of 9to5mac, I just wanted to inform you that I am disappointed in the way some writers seem to handle criticism. Zac Hall recently published an Article about a Pencil „mod“, where he puts a cheap pen clip on Apple’s device. Disregarding the obvious Design massacre and hillarious look of this concept, it most certainly can cause potential damage to the pencil (scratches etc) or the iPad when attached to the closed cover. Without further explenation of those, to me obvious, reasons not to follow his guidlines to reproduce this, I just wrote „Please, DON’T“ , which I think isn’t offending nor wrong at all, it is just my personal opinion, and two or three similar comments by other useres followed in the comments section. As I just learned today, these comments have been deleted by Zac Hall with the following Explanation in response to another useres comment about the deletion: “Yes, found the first batch of comments distasteful to the point that friends and family were asking if i was aware of them … on a Sunday morning. Like the idea or hate it, that’s fine, but I chose not to have something I found distasteful under my writing. Thanks for reading.“ I neither see my comment distasteful nor offending, what I see is a writer being in a huff who simply cannot stand his ideas being not liked. This is CENSORSHIP in its worst form and earns my deepest disrespect and dishonors not only the work of 9to5mac but the whole aspects of free speech and journalism! I’m really offended by this and will no longer follow or read 9to5mac as long as I don’t see any regrets or apologies for this in any form, either from Zac Hall or you. Best regards, Frédéric. LikeLike kjl3000 - 1 year ago Reply And here’s his answer… I don’t have any words for this. Except bye, 9to5mac! “I’m sorry if you were included in a larger sweep – we are making an effort to try to clean up the comment sections where it has become too rude and a turn off for our broader reader base. I don’t consider comment cleaning anything different to cleaning up dogshit in my yard left by my neighbors’ dogs. Those dogs/neighbors are obviously banned afterwards. If the comment doesn’t respectfully add to the post in any way, it is going to be swept away for a better experience for everyone. Thanks, Seth” LikeLiked by 1 person kjl3000 - 1 year ago So you compare my comment to dogshit and in addition threaten me to get banned, is that what you’re saying, Seth? LikeLike kjl3000 - 1 year ago One more thing … You know, Seth, if insulting longterm readers and commentators by comparing their comments to dogshit is something YOU consider being respectful or adding something helpful to any discussion, you certainly don’t deserve any readers at all. Bye. LikeLike xprmntr - 1 year ago Reply At first I didn’t like this, due to the extra weight and design, but after using it, I think it’s highly functional and good all around http://www.moxiware.com/products/apple-pencil-magnet LikeLike Zac Hall - 1 year ago Reply Sort of like Microsoft’s Surface pen, could see myself liking it on practicality. LikeLiked by 2 people Ben Sin - 1 year ago Reply wait, did the writer of this article really delete first batch of comments who pointed out that his suggestion to clip the pencil on the ipad flap is terrible because the METAL CLIP WOULD BE PRESSING AGAINST THE SCREEN?? come on, man. LikeLiked by 1 person sdraspberry - 11 months ago Reply This is smart this (PenSe) a magnetic luxury Pen Enclosure for pencil with clip is way smarter and not way more expensive http://kck.st/20synxW LikeLike Karly Wood - 11 months ago Reply Nice post.. http://www.howtoisolve.com/best-apple-pencil-case-holder-sleeve/ LikeLike Becki Britt (@beckibritt) - 11 months ago Reply This an interesting idea. It reminded me of a product I purchased from Lee Valley Tools some years ago. It was a pencil clip, paired with a strong micro magnet. It was designed to be able to keep a pencil handy on your shirt or apron, by attaching the clip to the pencil and pairing it with a magnet under the clothing. I’m going to dig this out and see what I can do with it, and the Apple pencil. LikeLike Sebastian Conran - 9 months ago Reply Thanks for the tip. I too have been frustrated by this especially when travelling on trains & planes when vibration and centrifugal force rolls the pencil off the table. Luckily I had a Pentel pencil handy and it works perfectly LikeLike skitradr - 9 months ago Reply Thanks!!! I don’t care what any negative post badgers say, it’s an ingenious idea, I absolutely love it!….with the lack of any better alternatives at this time, it works perfect with my iPad Pro 9.7, the case has a place to hook on the back where the hinge is, Thanks again for a very informative and useful post LikeLike Jan Ott - 4 months ago Reply Hi, thanks for the idea. Simple and good value. LikeLike Wolf Gang - 2 weeks ago Reply Hi, I searched a solution for my new Apple Pencil and I found this simple and great idea! Of course I will not clip it on the cover but like a ballpen inside my jacket to use it when ever I need it. I like simple soulutions and – sorry – I put the design always after function! And a € 109,- tool with no possibilities to fix is a pitty for me – solved by your solution! Thanks a lot and best regards from Germany! LikeLike Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Apple in 2017: What’s next for Mac, iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch & Apple TV this year Trending in Apple Apple Watch, New Year’s resolutions, and losing 50 pounds Trending in Reviews Hands-on: LG Apple-endorsed 5K Display – an UltraFine choice for MacBook Pro owners? [Video] Trending in Apple Review: Nanoleaf’s Aurora smart lighting panels match modular customization with HomeKit control [Video] Trending in Apple iPhone 8: Everything we currently know about Apple’s 10th anniversary flagship Trending in Apple Comment: Apple continues to explore bringing the Digital Crown to iPhones & iPads, and I still like the idea February 16, 2015 How-To: Update your old MacBook, Mac mini, or Mac Pro hard drive with a fast SSD Jeremy Horwitz - 2 years ago @horwitz Feature Mac MacBook Pro MacBook iMac Mac Pro Comments (48) Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit My Mac is now silent. After installing a solid state drive (SSD) with no moving parts, the drone of my iMac’s hard drive and fans has given way to such an absence of sound that I only hear the high-pitched squeal of my office lights. My Mac is now fast. Even with 400GB of available space, OS X Yosemite’s constant hard drive accessing had brought my quad-core, 3.4GHz Core i7 machine to its knees. Now I’m seeing five times the hard drive speeds, apps are loading instantly, and my iMac feels as responsive as the MacBooks and iPads that beat it to the SSD game. Last week, buoyed by (finally!) reasonable SSD prices and a desire to try a DIY project, I walked through the steps to replace a prior-generation iMac’s hard drive with an SSD. Similarly excited readers have pointed out that older MacBooks and certain other Macs are also easy to upgrade… but at least one Mac (surprise: the Mac mini) is not. So below, I’ll show you some great SSD options that you can install yourself, ask a tech-savvy friend/repair shop to handle for you, or choose as external solutions. The Big Picture It’s hard to believe, but back in 2008, Apple offered a 64GB solid state drive upgrade to the original MacBook Air for a whopping $1,300 premium over the laptop’s normal price. At that time, a consumer 1TB drive cost around $4,000, and Apple wasn’t even attempting to sell one. A lot has changed even over the past year. SSDs are faster, more reliable, and a lot more affordable. Today, excellent quality SSDs start at $60 (120GB), climbing to $120 (250GB), $231 (500GB) and $420 (1TB) — still not as cheap as traditional drives, but better. The Samsung 850 EVO I installed in my iMac is 5 times faster than the 1TB hard disk it replaced and has no moving parts, so it’s tiny, silent and cooler-running. It also has a five-year warranty and a longer expected lifespan than most hard drives; if you’re willing to pay more, the 850 PRO version has a ten-year warranty that eclipses all but the most expensive enterprise-class desktop hard disks. Internal or External? Although performance will vary based on the specific Mac you’re upgrading with an SSD, Macs released over the past five years will likely see bigger gains if you replace their internal hard drives rather than adding SSDs as external drives. A new SSD inside an older iMac, MacBook, Mac mini, or Mac Pro will lead to much faster OS X performance, app loading, restarting, and file accessing. But if you buy an external SSD and connect it using something faster than USB 2 or FireWire 800 — say, a spare Thunderbolt or USB 3 port — you’ll see definite speed improvements for whatever files and apps you place on the SSD. My personal advice would be to consider an internal solution, if possible following a DIY hard drive replacement guide like the ones linked below. If you’re concerned about damaging your Mac during the replacement process, you can opt to have a tech-savvy friend or local Apple repair store handle the SSD replacement for you. And if you prefer an external drive — and don’t mind cutting the performance benefits down somewhat — there are some good, though more expensive options below. MacBook/MacBook Pro: Internal + External SSD Options courtesy iFixit   Aluminum-bodied MacBooks and MacBook Pros made in 2012 or earlier can be upgraded with 2.5″ internal SSDs, including the Samsung 850 EVO I carefully selected for my iMac. As shown in these iFixit guides (MacBook Pro 13″ 2009 / 2010 / 2011 / 2012, and MacBook Pro 15″), the process requires little more than one Torx T6 screwdriver, one Philips #00 screwdriver, and a flat-head screwdriver (or spudger) to accomplish. It’s even easier for the short-lived 2008 metal MacBook, which has a pop-off bottom panel for easier hard drive replacement.   Replacing the hard drive of the unibody MacBook Pro requires only a handful of steps: backing up your old drive (preferably using Time Machine), removing the bottom cover of your MacBook using Torx screwdrivers, removing the hard drive, replacing it with the SSD, then reattaching the bottom cover. For a variety of reasons, it’s even easier than the iMac hard drive swap I discussed in my prior article, and all you need is the screwdriver, the SSD, and the confidence to do it yourself. If you’re going to do an internal hard drive swap, there’s pretty widespread agreement that the Samsung 850 EVO ($60-$420) I previously recommended offers a superb combination of speed, reliability, and quality for the price. It has a 4.7/5-star rating on Amazon, versus the 850 Pro, which sells for more ($98-$555) and has a 4.8/5-star rating. By contrast, the most popular portable external SSDs right now are Samsung’s new USB 3.0-based T1 (250GB/$174, 500GB/$300, 1TB/$569, shown above), with 4.5/5-star ratings. If you’re willing to spend quite a bit more and have a free Thunderbolt port, Elgato’s Thunderbolt Drive+ (256GB/$425, 512GB/$780) has Thunderbolt and USB 3.0/2.0 interfaces. Mac mini: Internal + External SSD Options courtesy iFixit   Internal SSD replacement for the 2010 to 2014 “unibody” Mac mini requires considerably more effort and skill than doing so for the MacBooks and iMacs. You’ll need to disassemble the Mac mini’s chassis, fan, and antenna plate before disconnecting the logic board and hard drive — with steps that become even more challenging on the most recent 2014 models. My suggestion would be to leave an internal drive upgrade of this model up to a professional. The same sort of 2.5″ internal drives can be used in the Mac mini as on the other Macs. While the 2010 Mac mini limits you to FireWire 800 or USB 2.0 — probably not worth the effort of adding an external SSD — the 2011 model has a Thunderbolt port, and the 2012 version has USB 3.0 ports, making external SSDs easier to add. If USB 3.0 is an option, go with Samsung’s T1 (250GB/$174, 500GB/$300, 1TB/$569). Thunderbolt-only users can consider Elgato’s professional-class Thunderbolt Drive+ SSDs, which just dropped in price: OWC offers them for $368/256GB or $628/512GB. Covered in aluminum housings and fully port-powered, these drives are the rare SSDs with a Thunderbolt interface, also including USB 3.0 and 2.0 compatibility. They have rare 5/5-star ratings on Amazon, where their prices are significantly higher (256GB/$425, 512GB/$780). Mac Pro: Internal + External SSD Options Current-generation Mac Pros ship with large, fast SSDs, making replacements highly unlikely for the time being, but first-generation Mac Pros can definitely benefit from the speed increase. As iFixit’s guide notes, the process of installing a new drive is as simple as flipping a rear latch, pulling the Mac’s side panel and hard drive bay out, then using a Philips head screw driver to attach a hard drive sled to your new drive. But with an SSD, there’s another step: you’ll need a 2.5″ to 3.5″ hard drive adapter bracket such as NewerTech’s AdaptaDrive ($15) to mount the tiny SSD inside a large hard drive bay. The company also sells the OWC Mount Pro (now only $18), which lets you mount the SSD on a custom-fit replacement for the Mac Pro’s hard drive bay. This is an easier solution, and the one I’d pick if installing an SSD in the Mac Pro. The Mac Pro’s physical size and multi-drive-ready internal architecture make it an ideal candidate for an internal SSD. If you’re considering an external drive, you might want to think again. The built-in, outdated USB 2.0 and FireWire 800 ports aren’t going to cut it, and users have reported very mixed experiences adding USB 3.0 cards — somewhat better results with more expensive ones such as Caldigit’s FASTA-6GU3 Pro — to this computer. My advice would be to stick with an internal solution. iMac: Internal + External SSD Options I’ve discussed the iMac in much greater detail in my prior article, but the internal and external SSD recommendations are basically the same as for the MacBook Pro: the Samsung 850 EVO ($60-$420), Samsung 850 Pro ($98-$555), Elgato Thunderbolt Drive+ ($368/256GB, $628/512GB), or Samsung T1 (250GB/$174, 500GB/$300, 1TB/$569). All Macs: Preserving Your Software (If You’re Replacing An Internal Drive) Preparing your Mac’s old internal hard drive to be replaced is pretty easy. You can run a complete Time Machine backup to an external drive (preferably one that’s connected with a cable rather than over Wi-Fi), or complicate the process somewhat by using a complete drive cloning app. In my opinion, going the Time Machine route is a better idea when starting fresh with an SSD, and it costs nothing. After backing the drive up, you just turn off and unplug your iMac, swap the drives, then hold Command-R down on the keyboard when first restarting your Mac. Any recent version of OS X will boot into Internet Recovery mode, enabling you to use Disk Utility to format the SSD (choose Mac Extended + Journaled), then restore directly from your Time Machine backup. The restoring process will take hours, but you’ll come back to a fresh installation of OS X with everything pretty much as it was left on your old drive. If you want to go the more complex route, you can order this $13 (reg. $16) USB 3.0 to 2.5″ SATA III Adapter Cable, connect it to your iMac and SSD before opening up the machine, and run SuperDuper or Carbon Copy Cloner to transfer the old drive’s contents to the new drive. This will let you start using your iMac right away after the drive is swapped, without waiting hours for Time Machine, and for better or worse pretty much guarantees that every one of your files (and potentially plenty of cruft) will be exactly where it was before. Should you want to swap an optical drive for an SSD, or add an SSD to a Mac Pro’s empty drive bay, nothing needs to be done to prep software beforehand. Backing up your Mac is always a good idea before opening it up, but all you’ll need to do after the SSD installation is run OS X’s Disk Utility and format the new drive. What About Trim?   A number of readers have asked about Trim support for third-party SSDs, a topic that’s both important and potentially somewhat confusing. Trim — automatic recycling of SSD space freed up by deleting files — is a background task performed by your Mac. It’s handled in the background by OS X, though for reasons unknown, Apple generally provides Trim support only for its own drives. Cindori’s free application Trim Enabler (Pro version $10) enables Trim support for third-party SSDs under OS X, including the latest 10.10.2 and 10.10.3 versions. Please note, however, that Trim Enabler must be turned off each time you do a OS X system update (say, from 10.10.2 to 10.10.3); if you forget, you’ll see a gray box when the machine tries to reboot after an update, and you’ll need to follow these instructions to make the machine work properly again. Conclusions Whichever option you choose for your Mac will yield significant dividends. With an internal drive, 3X to 5X speed improvements across apps and other files are typical with SSDs of the caliber recommended above; using an external drive will deliver a nice improvement for whatever files you store on it. There’s no better (or more cost-effective) way to speed up an old Mac today. Guides Mac View THe Guide MacBook Pro View THe Guide MacBook View THe Guide Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Please log in using one of these methods to post your comment: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. gh0stpupp3t - 2 years ago Reply I’m getting a Macbook. I can’t wait bc this will be a learning experience bc up til now I’ve had PC. I am definitely up for the challenge!😀 LikeLiked by 1 person Christopher Edwards (@xtopher1974) - 2 years ago Reply Maybe the price has come down enough. When I looked at this idea not long ago,I realized I wouldn’t solve the graphics problem of having a late 2009 iMac and trying to make use of the latest editions of Photoshop, etc. It might just be too long a wait for an upgrade. LikeLiked by 1 person John Ortega (@johncortega) - 2 years ago Reply Once you install the new hard drive, how do you install the OS? LikeLiked by 1 person Ario (@ArioYazdan) - 2 years ago Reply Once you run the setup it will give you an option to format the drive. If you are not sure how to do that, just format the drive to Mac Journal before installing the drive. LikeLike Jeremy Horwitz - 2 years ago Reply If you’re on a recent version of OS X, just hold Command R when rebooting the machine, format the SSD, then restore from a Time Machine backup. LikeLike rwanderman - 2 years ago Reply Very useful piece. OWC has some nice videos on installing SSDs for people who like those kinds of demos. I first installed one in a TiBook a while back and once you go SSD, you don’t go back to HDDs as primary boot drives. I must say though, Apple’s fusion drives in iMacs are quite fast and are a nice “best of both worlds” solution for those who need lots of storage and want more speed than an HDD will afford. LikeLiked by 1 person Scott Boyd - 2 years ago Reply I considered upgrading my Early-2011 Macbook Pro (Model: MacBookPro8,2) using a Samsung SSD. However, I couldn’t find any specific compatibility information so I called Samsung’s Customer Support line. The individual I spoke to told me that he couldn’t recommend installing any of their SSDs in a Mac because Apple doesn’t support the “Trim” feature and without it the SSD would eventually fail. In short, he talked me out of it. LikeLiked by 1 person tiago235 - 2 years ago Reply I use a Samsung SSD on my OS X Mavericks mac mini. There’s a really inexpensive Trim enabler software called “Trim enabler” (go figure) which I use. Take a look at their website. I’ve heard it was trickier to make it work on OS X Yosemite but they seem to have solved it: http://www.cindori.org/status-of-trim-enabler-in-yosemite/ LikeLike Otto Olah (@ottoolah) - 2 years ago Reply You didn’t mention TRIM not being supported on third party SSDs under OS X 10.10. What is the solution for that? LikeLiked by 2 people telecastle - 2 years ago Reply The only solution to the lack of TRIM support via TRIM Enabler with OS 10.10 is to disable kext signing. The author of TRIM Enabler says so, and he calls the disabling of kext signing “taking a sledgehammer to crack a nut”. Jeremy (the author of this series) is obviously completely ignoring the lack TRIM in Yosemite with third-party SSD drives, as many others do. This will come back later to bite him when the write speeds slow down significantly because of the lack of TRIM. It will probably still be faster than a spinning drive, but the benefits of the SSD will be mostly lost at least when it comes to writes. Unless you want to disable kext signing in OS 10.10 (Yosemite), go with Apple-branded SSDs, which are available on eBay. I would suggest building a DIY Fusion Drive using the existing spinning drive and an Apple-branded SSD (120 GB SSD should be just fine), which is possible with MacBook Pro and Mac Mini, and probably also with Mac Pro (but probably not with iMac due to the lack of space to accommodate two drives). There’s also a European company that manufactures SSDs that fake their GUIDs to make them look like Apple-branded drives, which allows Yosemite to enable native TRIM support with these drives. Google “yosemite ssd trim support drives” and you will see that company half the way down the first page. LikeLike Jeremy Horwitz - 2 years ago It’s not complete ignorance, rather it’s a question of whether to raise a topic with readers that will lead to a lot more confusion and potentially serious problems (inability to boot after system updates) than it’s worth. There’s no ideal alternative right now for pure SSD users (unless you consider paying a $200 premium for a GUID-faked drive from an unknown company to be a good idea). My personal perspective: unless you are likely to forget to disable and reenable TRIM support every time you do a system update, it’s probably best to get the TRIM Enabler software and use it. But it seems a lot of people do forget to disable/reenable, causing the boot issues, so for the time being they would be better served to hold off on using TRIM Enabler and await a proper Apple solution, which is obviously overdue. LikeLiked by 3 people silas681- - 2 years ago TRIM enabler works fine, and after updates it pops up to let you know that you need to turn it on again. Had a Samsung 840 evo in my machine for the best part of a year. Cloning a dual boot system was a pain in the balls but I added a year of life to the computer. My mid 2011 MBP does run hot with fan on high during CAD and other processor/gpu intesive tasks, so dont be surprised if this happens. I guess the extra speed of the SSD makes the machine work hard (lets hope the GPU stays stuck down this time). LikeLiked by 1 person Cathy Rubey - 2 years ago Reply Thanks for posting! LikeLiked by 1 person mmoss13 - 2 years ago Reply Jeremy’s posts inspired me over the weekend to make the switch. I overnighted from Amazon a 500GB Samsung Pro SSD for my 2011 iMac and the tools to open it up but chickened out. Yesterday, I ordered a RocketStor Thunderbolt drive dock, which surprised me by showing up today. Just put the two of them together, cloned the drive, and booted from it a few minutes ago. According to Blackmagic, I am now hitting 368 write and 453 read. This is definitely like getting a new computer. Everything is so much faster. If you are like me and are scared to crack your mac open, this is a great way to proceed. LikeLike mmoss13 - 2 years ago Reply Picture of my setup. Will stick it in my storage cabinet later on. /Users/matt_moss/Desktop/RocketStor.jpg LikeLiked by 1 person Gabriel Mondino - 2 years ago Reply Hello. How do you feel about the Fusion Drive solution for adding SSD speed with HD storage at a low price. Is there some specific reason that going SSD is a better option? A 2TB Seagate SSHD is $100 on Amazon, for example. LikeLike jkhallowell - 2 years ago Reply I have replaced drives before but never on a mac. How do I use the time machine backup to boot the new drive? LikeLiked by 2 people Brian Nicholson - 2 years ago Reply To extend your updates beyond things like the SSD card, check out http://www.detoxyourmac.org. I work from home, it is great, but even if it is from home it is still work and it still needs to get done. So my Mac, I have it because it is fast, gets the job done and comes back for more. This will prevent that from ever stopping. LikeLike Michael Paine - 2 years ago Reply Thank you for this article. I went through a similar exercise last year with a 2008 iMac. My tips and links are here: http://www.mpainesyd.com/filechute/BOOT_OSX_SSD.pdf In particular, booting off an external drive works well but there are several steps to set it up correctly. LikeLike Eric Morehouse - 2 years ago Reply http://www.cindori.org/software/trimenabler/ looks like a solution to the TRIM issue is just $10 LikeLike Steve Lawrence - 2 years ago Reply Yup. You don’t even need to pay $10, the free version enables TRIM perfectly fine – the $10 version just adds extra features like the ability to test read/write speeds. The only thing to be aware of is that every 10.10 update turns TRIM off again. But the app recognises this and pops up telling you to turn it on again – easy. LikeLike Bengt Johanstroemmer (@Soi6Huahin) - 2 years ago Reply We who have discovered OWC Data Doubler years ago think this somewhat late to write about. For new MBPs there is unfortunately nothing to other to keep an external SSD disk in a thunderbolt casing. LikeLike Lee May (@mleemay) - 2 years ago Reply Can you install an SSD to a black MacBook? Or is that too old of a laptop to install? LikeLike Cary L. Tyler (@dothgrin) - 2 years ago Reply I want this answer as well…I have the final version of the black MacBook and would love to update that bad boy… LikeLike Lisa Grant - 2 years ago Reply You can install one in just about any system. The speed benefits will vary depending on the speed of the interface between the drive and the computer. There are even IDE/PATA drives out there for 8-12 year old systems. If you’re getting one for an older system, you may not want to get the latest and greatest drive, as the system won’t benefit from its increased speed. LikeLike Bryan Tomlinson - 2 years ago Reply It is great and i did it to my mac mini and its a major improvement LikeLiked by 1 person Steve Lawrence - 2 years ago Reply I added my 2011 iMac using a Seagate GoFlex Thunderbolt Dock. It’s an external bay that connects to your Thunderbolt port and accommodates any standard 2.5″ SATA drive. I simply added a 120GB SSD to it. Works great, and I love knowing that once larger size SSDs become more affordable I can simply swap out the drive on the dock without having to take anything apart. LikeLike William Robinson - 2 years ago Reply OW also offers, for MacPro users, the Mercury Accelsior_E2 , a PCI express based solution. http://eshop.macsales.com/shop/SSD/PCIe/OWC/Mercury_Accelsior/RAID I think I recall there was also a method of using the second optical drive bay of an SSD, but suspect it require some wiring skills and may not have worked as a boot drive. LikeLike William Robinson - 2 years ago Reply Follow up to my previous post. Halfway down this page are instructions for installing SSD in the Mac Pro’s second optical drive bay. http://macperformanceguide.com/Mac-InstallingSSD.html This applies to the 2009 and newer models and is pretty simple. Further down on the page deals with earlier models. Moving ones iTunes library to another drive is something many of us have already done. but you can also move the Home folder, freeing up space on the SSD and perhaps saving some money. SSD really only needs System, Library and Applications. Moving Home folder instructions: http://www.jcsenterprises.com/Japamacs_Page/Blog/00E03B83-1ADA-406E-A940-396D39F598EA.html LikeLike nosiycrow - 2 years ago Reply If you’re using an SSD that doesn’t need OS TRIM support, like the OWC SSD or the Samsung 850 Pro series, then there’s no need for the TRIM enabler. Before you purchase, consider this and the advantage of not having to complicate your setup. LikeLike Michael Oleksy - 2 years ago Reply Hi Nosiycrow, so i have a MacPro mid 2012 and just purchased the 850 Pro 1TB and sled. I am planning to backup pc on time machine, remove primary boot drive, insert ssd, hit command-r when starting, format drive and then restore from time machine back up. This should work right? If so, why is everyone talking about trim and enabler etc? Thanks! LikeLike Louis Hecht Jr - 2 years ago Reply For MacBook Pro users on all models of 2011 (and I think up to 2014???) considering using OWC Data Doubler solution with SSD plus spinning drive in the case as well. A little known youtube offered by OWC shows what you need, the tools you need, how to do it, and all steps in getting the MacBook Pro up and operating. It is about a 30 min job (after you have backed up the computer) See: http://youtu.be/Ou-heXnkPP4?list=PLA0228B8FB5B9E0D6 My early MBP 8,2 has a 240 GB SSD + 750HDD. I removed the optical Super Drive and enclosed in a separate OWC case. Good luck, the results are well worth it LikeLike sam stein (@Mnmminies) - 2 years ago Reply I did the same upgrade, can’t recommend it enough. I did it a while ago when it was $80 for a 120GB SSD and have since upgraded to a 250GB EVO. For even more, upgrade the RAM. My MacBook Pro is way faster than it was when I bought it. Boots in 12 seconds and Photoshop opens within 2 seconds compared to at least a minute on a HDD. LikeLike Tona Spalato (@mojSplit) - 2 years ago Reply Hello, Just installed 240GB SSD to my MacBook described before (hold Command-R down on the keyboard when first restarting your Mac. Any recent version of OS X will boot into Internet Recovery mode, enabling you to use Disk Utility to format the SSD (choose Mac Extended + Journaled), then restore directly from your Time Machine backup.) Sorry but this is not working as is giving me a QUESTION mark after holding R-Command. So I put the Installer CD and choose to do it from BackUp but the SSD is not recognized at all?! Everything is connected right (I tried this with MacBook and MacBook Pro). Not sure at this point how this gonna work… Any advice? LikeLiked by 1 person Tona Spalato (@mojSplit) - 2 years ago Reply My mistake. Instead 240GB/3GB, I bought 240GB/6GB, which is not compatible with older Macs. So be sure to check compatibility first.😉 LikeLike Lisa Grant - 2 years ago It should be backwards compatible. You do need to format it properly for the drive to be seen as viable. Use Disk Utility, format to HFS+ journaled and make sure the Partition Map is GUID. LikeLike sethjk - 2 years ago Reply Anybody tried/had success replacing the optical drive with the old harddrive on a 2012 MBP? I want to do a 120gb SSD as a boot drive and use the old drive for storage but internally. LikeLike Louis Hecht Jr - 2 years ago Reply Suggest you use the OWC data doubler solution. Follow the instructions in the YouTube video I set out in comments on Feb 19 LikeLike Carl Tischbein (@ctischbein) - 2 years ago Reply Do I need to be concerned with installing an in-line digital thermal sensor like you mentioned in the previous article about iMacs? I am working with a late 2011 MacBook Pro and I wasn’t sure if I’d need to install this as well. If so, how do software alternatives (smc fan control) compare to installing a sensor? Thanks! LikeLike Joseph (@joek1971) - 2 years ago Reply hello guys, I am considering to upgrade my iMac 27″ 2010 model i already have 12 gb or ram now want to get the 850 EVO will this new drive really speed up my applications open and closing them? thanks, joe LikeLike Abdul Ismail - 2 years ago Reply I just bought 2015, mac air with 128gb. I already can tell its gonna be tight. I am trying to see if its worth buying the 256gb one for 200 dollars more. I want around 250-500GB on it. What would be the the best method, as I like having the air I do not want nor need the pro, and external hard drives are an option for me. Price is a major factor as well. LikeLike cornishrelic - 2 years ago Reply I have been using a crucial ssd for a couple of years, enabling Trim with the free app, but when upgrading to Yosemite, my Macbook (2009) would grind to a halt in a few weeks, making it unusable, so I gave up on Yosemite, for about 8 months, but just this week I decided to go back to my original shipped HDD, Yosemite now runs like a dream, so might be worth considering before shelling out money on a new drive, just a thought, its possible of course to install an SSD and enable Trim, but it could all go wrong and not boot at all if Apple decide to update and mess up the Trim/Kext settings… LikeLike AbsarokaSheriff - 1 year ago Reply It’s a great feeling to restore life to a machine that you have left for dead because of hard disk sclerosis. I did this using the iFixIt hybrid drive and my machine is acting like it’s brand new. Well worth it. I also used the iFixIt toolkit which Jeremy has previously recommended. LikeLike AbsarokaSheriff - 1 year ago Reply Is Trim Enabler required for a Hybrid Drive? Does anyone know? I have a 1 TB iFixIt drive. Thanks. LikeLike David Fischer - 1 year ago Reply Replaced my Mac OEM Hitachi drive with an SSD two days ago, but the Time Machine restoration was uneven: some files were from earlier in 2015 (July, October), some were current. I’m not aware of having chosen a particular backup set at any point. I manually restored files from Time Machine, but was not happy to do so. Operator error? Time machine flaw? On the plus side, the upgrade is much much faster, and I am very happy with it and the additional storage. LikeLike Michael Bikovsky - 11 months ago Reply I got a brand new 240gb sandisk ssd and I am just going to replace a failed hdd on my mac mini 2012 – will I need to format the new disk first? Cheers… LikeLike Jeffro Pillon - 11 months ago Reply If I install the Samsung Evo 850 250gb on my 13″ macbook pro 2010 will it work? I’ve researched that this SSD with Sata III is backwards compatible to Sata II and I understand that the speed will be limited Sata II. In AUS, the Samsung EVO 850 250gb is currently selling for $130AUD and the alternative by OWC are selling their OWC Mercury Electra 3G SSD 240GB for $180AUD. LikeLike Matthew Fox - 2 weeks ago Reply Hello friends! Recently I purchased a Samsung 850 EVO 1TB SSD to use in my 13″ mid 2010 Macbook Pro (running OS version 10.12.2, 2.4 GHz Intel Core 2 Duo, 16 GB 1067 MHz DDR3) and the drive would not mount, neither with the SATA cable (which, forgive my ignorance, I think is the internal cable that connects an HD to the motherboard) nor an external drive adaptor. The hard drive my Macbook came with, however, is recognized by both. I sent the SSD back to Samsung stating it did not work, received another and had the same problem. From what I can understand based on what I’ve read, these SATA cables are delicate, and even if they work with older drives, they may not be compatable with something like the Samsung 850 EVO. Contrarily, I’ve also read the Samsung 850 EVO should work perfectly with my Macbook. If anyone could offer advice, I would greatly appreciate it! Thank you kindly. LikeLike Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Apple in 2017: What’s next for Mac, iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch & Apple TV this year Trending in Apple Apple Watch, New Year’s resolutions, and losing 50 pounds Trending in Reviews Hands-on: LG Apple-endorsed 5K Display – an UltraFine choice for MacBook Pro owners? [Video] Trending in Apple Review: Nanoleaf’s Aurora smart lighting panels match modular customization with HomeKit control [Video] Trending in Apple iPhone 8: Everything we currently know about Apple’s 10th anniversary flagship Trending in Apple Comment: Apple continues to explore bringing the Digital Crown to iPhones & iPads, and I still like the idea March 24, 2016 AAPL: 105.67 -0.46 Apple releases new build of iOS 9.3 for users of iPad 2 affected by bricking bug Chance Miller - 9 months ago @ChanceHMiller iOS Devices Comments (54) Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Apple, just hours after it confirmed issues relating to iOS 9.3 on the iPad 2, has released a new build of the operating system for the device. Carrying build number 13E236, the update appears to be rolling out to iPad 2 users now. Presumably, it’s the same build that was released to everyone earlier this week, just with the activation issues fixed. This new build of iOS 9.3 for the iPad 2 is 13E236, while the version released earlier this week was 13E234 on iPhone and 13E233 on iPad. iPad 2 users can update to the new firmware update by plugging their iPad into iTunes if it’s in a bricked state or by heading into Settings and navigating to the software update menu and updating like they normally would. If you use an iPad 2, let us know in the comments if you’ve received the update and if it fixes your issues. Apple earlier today confirmed that users of older iOS devices were affected by a bug that would potentially prevent users from successfully completing the update process. Apple said at the time that it was working on a fix, though it’s unclear at this point if the new build is for all affected devices or just the iPad 2: Updating some iOS devices (iPhone 5s and earlier and iPad Air and earlier) to iOS 9.3 can require entering the Apple ID and password used to set up the device in order to complete the software update. In some cases, if customers do not recall their password, their device will remain in an inactivated state until they can recover or reset their password. For these older devices, we have temporarily pulled back the update and will release an updated version of iOS 9.3 in the next few days that does not require this step.” Guides iOS Devices Breaking news for iPhone, iPad, and iPod. Be the first to know about product launches, iOS updates, product carriers reports, and competitor analysis. View THe Guide Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Please log in using one of these methods to post your comment: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. viciosodiego - 9 months ago Reply Bad OTA, I presume? LikeLiked by 1 person mxchan3 - 9 months ago Reply Not really, every time I update my device OTA, it will always ask for password for iCloud. Probably removing it because too many people forgot their password LikeLike taoprophet420 - 9 months ago Reply How does this happen after 7 developer and public betas? LikeLiked by 3 people Mike Lovejoy - 9 months ago Reply Prolly just trying to prolong any chance of a jailbreak LikeLike jaydee917 - 9 months ago Reply I’m more surprised Apple still offers updates and support for the iPad 2. LikeLiked by 6 people jacosta45 - 9 months ago Reply Me too. Probably for the business/education customers. And for the people that just don’t want/can’t upgrade to at least an iPad Air. LikeLiked by 1 person cameroncafe10a - 9 months ago Reply I still use my iPad 2🙂 LikeLiked by 2 people Abedoss - 9 months ago Reply They still support all A5 products because that the 1st gen iPad mini still in support cycle, and when they work on one device with a SOC like A5 it will be effortless to support others with the same gen SOCs, and this includes iPad 3rd gen with A5X. LikeLike at0mhacker - 9 months ago Reply if you use an iPad 2 it’s time to upgrade LikeLiked by 1 person Kevin Farrell - 9 months ago Reply you work for Apple no doubt!! LikeLike Deepsouth - 1 week ago Reply Why? I paid alot of money for my Ipad2 and I want to get as much use out of it as possible. It’s not like IPad 2’s are some sort of ancient bulky devices that have no use. They are identical in appearance to the newer models, and if you can live without Retina display they operate identical aswell. People that upgrade their devices every year are essentially throwing money away. LikeLike AwkweirdAnswer (@awkweirdanswer) - 9 months ago Reply This fix doesn’t work. There is no way to download the new iOS since when you connect the bricked iPad to iTunes in order to update the firmware, you get the error “ITunes is unable to verify your device.” LikeLike nathanllarsen - 9 months ago Reply Put the device into recovery mode & then choose the “Update” option instead of “Restore.” LikeLiked by 1 person AwkweirdAnswer (@awkweirdanswer) - 9 months ago Nope, doesn’t work either. Tried that multiple times too. LikeLike AwkweirdAnswer (@awkweirdanswer) - 9 months ago Update, after numerous attempts at “Update” in recovery mode (all of which failed), I attempted to do a “Restore” in Recovery Mode. The first attempt did NOT work, but the second attempt did. So as a final resort to anyone having similar issues, I would recommend doing the Restore and not giving up after first try. If you are lucky, you have a backup you can restore from too. LikeLiked by 1 person jdunwoody - 9 months ago Reply Just applied this new update via iTunes on my Mac and it fixed my iPad 2. LikeLike Алексей Перминов - 9 months ago Reply Hey. Tell me more, please, as brought back to life iPad2? The information is not lost in this case? In DFU mode??? LikeLike nathanllarsen - 9 months ago Put the device into recovery mode & then choose the “Update” option instead of “Restore.” LikeLike AwkweirdAnswer (@awkweirdanswer) - 9 months ago I think the other responder is talking about doing as stated in this Apple release. But unfortunately, it doesn’t work for me. Give it a try though. LikeLike AwkweirdAnswer (@awkweirdanswer) - 9 months ago https://support.apple.com/en-gb/HT201263 LikeLike Nick (@Chevy_24s) - 9 months ago Reply I dont have any problems with IOS 9.3 on my iPad 2. Everything is fine. LikeLike valanchan - 9 months ago Reply Not really a comment about this article but looking at the image above. I can’t help feeling there will be another iPad Pro. 11.5″ (ish) screen? LikeLike jacosta45 - 9 months ago Reply I doubt that. They already have three good screen sizes for different parts of the market. LikeLike Smigit - 9 months ago Reply Almost certainly not. They don’t need an option for every 1.5″ increment. They’ve got 11, 12, 13 and 15 inch laptops but there’s no race to get a 14″ one into the lineup. What they have now, along with the iPhones, caters to a rather wide range of sizes and uses. LikeLike Алексей Перминов - 9 months ago Reply How to set it up if itunes does not connect Ipad ?? LikeLike matlinp - 9 months ago Reply Just checked my iPhone 5s running 9.2.1 and it says that my OS is up to date, so the release is evidently aimed at iPad 2 only. At least for now. LikeLike //jason (@CyberWingman) - 9 months ago Reply my Ipad 2 updated fine with the initial release, any reason to do this update on top of it? LikeLike Anton Gorodetski - 9 months ago Reply I love my iPad 2. Not going to change it yet. Finally updated my bricked iPad 2 to iOS 9.3 using this simple instruction: http://howtoiph.one/2016/03/25/how-to-restore-your-ipad-by-fixing-ios-9-3-activation-error/ LikeLike Kevin Farrell - 9 months ago Reply Did not work for me (IPAD2) Won’t allow me past Activation screen won’t accept my ID and Password and the ID and Password is the only one we ever used for the ipad. as soon as I click to start the build update it takes me immediately to Itunes and the activation screen in said Itunes and then will not accept the ID and PAss… 4 days of this and I believe the ipad is going to find it’s way into the dumpster never again to buy an apple product!! LikeLike AwkweirdAnswer (@awkweirdanswer) - 9 months ago Reply You seem to have the other activation problem associated with 9.3. Here’s a link from Apple to fix that. They still haven’t addressed the servers not available problem though. https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT206203?cid=tw_sc_pub_all_activate LikeLike Morac - 9 months ago Reply I did update my iPad 2 that had previously been “bricked”, forcing me to go back to iOS 9.2.1. I did so OTA, but I logged out of iCloud first, just in case. Now if only I could delete the stuck iCloud backup for my iPad 2. LikeLike Will (@xofrd) - 9 months ago Reply I still use my IPad2 happily. Downloading this new update version. Let’s hope it will unbrick the Ipad this time. LikeLike Don Pincott - 9 months ago Reply Just tried the (presumably) new build by forcing a recovery > update and it failed with same old “Could not activate iPad” message. I presume it was the new build, because as late as this morning, forcing a recovery > update installed a 9.2 version with the above error, this afternoon forcing a recovery > update installs a 9.3 version that still fails. Sigh! Not that Apple Support would post anything as clear as ” A new Fix is available”. Note to Apple: Have another go – it is still not right! LikeLike Don Pincott - 9 months ago Reply Just tried the (presumably) new build by forcing a recovery > update and initoially it failed with same old “Could not activate iPad” message. I presume it was the new build, because as late as this morning, forcing a recovery > update installed a 9.2 version with the above error, this afternoon forcing a recovery > update installs a 9.3 version that still fails. However, whilst writing this, iTunes progressed and I now have a working iPad 2 – at last. FYI – You will have to force a fresh install by going into recovery mode (pressing the power button and home button simultaneosly. CHOOSE UPDATE, – NOT recovery and it will force a fresh download of the patched 9.3. Might need a couple of goes to register it, but it does get there. (I had also previously deleted my iCloud account). LikeLike superrgg - 9 months ago Reply I currently use an iPad 2. I just updated to iOS 9.3 and my iPad is perfectly fine. Over the past year my iPad has started getting so slow and I have had it for three years. But anyway I realized a few months ago that I needed a new iPad and was waiting for new iPads. So yesterday I ordered an 128gb gold 9.7 inch iPad Pro. LikeLike Meg Lewis - 9 months ago Reply Have downloaded from Facebook iPad will not activate even after all software & firmware verified because “server temporarily unavailable” any comments. LikeLike Ben - 9 months ago Reply My girlfriend’s iPhone 5 has been bricked for a couple days. We’ve reset, restored, and updated the thing multiple times to get it back to 9.2 but to no avail. Had a support call too… Anyone have a trick for solving this on iPhone 5? LikeLike cameronhood - 9 months ago Reply So it’s Apple’s fault if you forget your passwords? Uhhh…what about keys, and wallets? If I forget them, is that Apple’s fault for not having an app to remind me? Err, ahh…and to people who inherited phones from deceased loved ones, I have much sympathy for their loss, but this issue will be showing up TIME AND TIME AGAIN on everything from bank accounts to Netflix. We are all mortal; if your time is nigh, please PASS YOUR PASSWORDS ON TO LOVED ONES. And NONE of this is Apple’s fault; it’s Obama’s… LikeLike Kevin Farrell - 9 months ago Reply ya know, 3 1/2 years after purchasing the ipad and several moves due to military service we had lost our id and password but we did remember it since it was the only ones used to activate the Ipad but it is always so nice to see comments like yours …I guess not everyone is as wonderful as you in your world professor. Your comments are typical of what society calls jerks. Thus I must take from this that you are an Apple employee and have a stake in the company. Oh and even we are using the correct id and password …it wont accept them and say it cannot activate. So as you sit there in your perfect world thinking about how great you are because you have your id and password constantly on hand ….remember we as customers did not create a botched update and then knowing it was botched …release it as a botched update. That my friend has nothing to do with ID’s and Passwords …so screw off!! LikeLiked by 1 person maxleopold - 9 months ago Reply I have an iPad2 with 9.3 (13E233) the Software Update in Settings > General does not provide me with the new Version at all. LikeLike Melissa Bennett - 9 months ago Reply still not working. LikeLike Maui Made Lemonade (@Maui_Made) - 9 months ago Reply This update totally bricked my iPad mini 1. I haven’t seen much mention of this. Anyone else have trouble with their mini’s? LikeLike Alexey Startsev (@alexey_startsev) - 9 months ago Reply One more problem has recently aroused with iOS 9.3. Links in Safari, Mail app, iMessage and in other 3rd party messengers do not work properly. Source: http://howtoiph.one/2016/03/27/links-in-safari-mail-news-and-imessage-do-not-work-after-updating-to-ios-9-3/ shame to apple LikeLike Birgitte Guldstrand Poulsen - 9 months ago Reply I have NOT RECEIVED ANYTHING and my ipad does not work, I can browse, but I cannot open any internet site!! LikeLike Bill Myers - 9 months ago Reply How do I know what version of (.3 has been downloaded to my iPad? it was trashed last time i “installed”. I do not want manual recovery again. LikeLike David Fritsch - 9 months ago Reply I am unable to edit photos.. error in saving. I use an app for work every day and the photos do not populate in the app like they did prior. I don’t have a back up of 9.2.1 so bummed.. I may have to go buy a new phone with the old version…errr LikeLike Mark Preece - 9 months ago Reply I’m having issues downloading 9.3 update saying error not connected to internet when I am Any ideas LikeLike kayangmo (@kayangmo) - 9 months ago Reply I just bricked my trusty old Ipad2 with iOS9.3 (dunno which version). I have an old Macbook 13 and itunes 11.4. I cannot even restore the ipad2. I have to go to apple store tomorrow and see what they say. Maybe they will be kind. Maybe they will be pushing blame to me and asking me to buy new ipad. Who knows? LikeLike kayangmo (@kayangmo) - 9 months ago Reply i lost all my data. The build is now 13E237, i took 4 hours to restore to a blank new OS on an old ipad2. Saves a trip to the store but man am I pissed. LikeLike pennyevans3 - 9 months ago Reply I have just incorrectly stated that the safari and email links on my iPad 2 are not working since installing ios9.3 but actually it is an iPad mini 3, not 2. LikeLike Mark Saunderson - 9 months ago Reply I have an I pad pro. Apple just bricked it. I know my passwords, I know my user names. It will not accept them! LikeLike RSerafini (@RSerafini2) - 9 months ago Reply Been trying to ‘reactivate’ all morning… Got the fix to download on my iTunes but can’t get PC and iPad to connect…. LikeLike Patrick Hinchliffe - 8 months ago Reply I updated to 9.3.1 last night and charged it overnight. Now I’ve closed an app and tried to switch bacn to Facebook. I’ve got a white screen with a bue line across the top but no text. Home button does nothing and I can’t power off. I can take a photo of the white screen but nothing else. Have I got to wait for the battery to go flat ? LikeLike Joe Hochreiter - 8 months ago Reply my iPad2 won’t even open the settings or safari apps. It opens some of the other apps, but operation of those apps is sketchy at best. The unit also isn’t recognized by iTunes on my iMac. As a result, I have no way to upload new OS, save for maybe wiping it and starting over…. LikeLike Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
null
DT Digital Trends DT Digital Trends Product Reviews Phones TVs Laptops Cars Games Tablets Headphones Cameras Desktops Speakers Appliances Wearables More Reviews News Mobile Computing Home Theater Gaming Cars Photography Home Movies & TV Music Wearables Cool Tech Health & Fitness Outdoors Business More News Features DT10 Now Boarding Road Rave The Audiophile Weekly Rewind Awesome Tech Weekend Workshop Trends with Benefits More Features Douglas Rushkoff David Weinberger More Opinions Videos Deals Shop Giveaways Best Of Everything DT Español The Manual More Advertise About Us Contact Us Corrections Privacy Policy Terms of Use Careers Send Us Your News Tip DT Español The Manual Best Smartphones and Cell Phones Best TVs Best Headphones Best Cameras Best Laptops Best Desktop PCs Best Tablets Best Cars RSS DT Newsletter Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Instagram Pinterest YouTube Home > Mobile > Apple dominates holiday season smartphone sales at… Apple dominates holiday season smartphone sales at 44 percent of activations By Christian de Looper — December 28, 2016 9:33 AM Subscribe Share Adrianhancu/123RF Don't Fall Behind Stay current with a recap of today's Tech News from Digital Trends Every year we take a look at the performance of our favorite devices and how they stacked up against each other. This year is no different, and (surprise, surprise!) Apple came out on top. Yahoo-owned Flurry has published a report highlighting how this holiday season shoppers invested big in Apple. In fact, the company counts a hefty 44 percent of device activations during the holidays, followed by Samsung at 21 percent, then Huawei and LG at a somewhat lackluster 3 percent and 2 percent, respectively. If you had any doubt that Samsung and Apple were really the only major players in the smartphone game, let these stats put that doubt to rest. More: Your Apple Watch wants to help you keep your New Year’s resolutions There are a few interesting things to note about these figures. For one, despite Samsung’s so-called year of disaster, the company inched up by around 1 percent compared to 2015. If the Galaxy Note 7 was as huge of a success as it was on track to be, Samsung likely would have jumped up far more than 1 percent. It’s doubtful it would have taken out Apple, but a good few more percentage points would have been expected. Huawei also exceeded expectations — it was barely on the charts in 2015 but made it to third place in 2016. It seems like the Google Pixel didn’t really make much of a dent in the market, despite the fact that we’re expecting the device to have sold reasonably well on Verizon and the fact that Google has even had trouble filling all the demand for the Pixel. Perhaps in 2017 the phone will make more of an appearance. While there are minor differences, the overall story is the same — Apple’s iPhone is the big seller during the holiday season. Also watch: Share
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports FA Playbook Trader Talk ETF Strategist Modern Medicine Future Opportunities Marketing.Media.Money Advisor Insight Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Technology Technology Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity The Pulse @ 1 Market Apple CEO Tim Cook calls AirPods 'a runaway success,' promises to make more ASAP Anita Balakrishnan | @MsABalakrishnan Wednesday, 28 Dec 2016 | 12:10 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters Apple's Tim Cook tours floor of NYSE    Wednesday, 28 Dec 2016 | 11:44 AM ET | 00:37 Apple CEO Tim Cook dropped by the New York Stock Exchange on Wednesday while on vacation. In comments to CNBC, Cook declined to talk specifically on Apple's outlook, but he said it has been a "great holiday." He added that the company's new wireless earbuds, AirPods, are "a runaway success." When asked if more would come into stock, he said Apple's "making them just as fast as we can." AirPods debuted at September's splashy event, but saw shipping delays through most of the fall and finally hit shelves just days before the crucial Christmas shopping rush. The limited shipments were sold quickly — ship dates are now six weeks out on Apple's website. Cook's visit was as a private citizen, not in an official capacity with Apple, which is listed on the Nasdaq. "I'm just here with my nephew, enjoying a couple of days in New York," Cook said. "I love it. I wanted him to see what you guys do for a living." Getty Images Tim Cook Anita BalakrishnanNews Associate Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change AAPL --- Binge 'Walking Dead' a megahit, thanks in part to white-knuckled binge-watchers By: Marc Gilbert, senior producer, CNBC Walking Dead producer: The phenomenon is no accident    Walking Dead producer: The show isn’t about zombies    Terminator writer sounds alarm on AI    Walking Dead producer: VR makes me nauseous    To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
obsessions our picks latest popular like us on facebook follow us on twitter quartz index about us register log in log out Events Atlas quartz quartz India quartz Africa Change your edition back to menu TEACHING AID Apple’s first research paper tries to solve a problem facing every company working on AI Written by Dave Gershgorn Obsession Machines with Brains December 27, 2016 Handing out the latest research. (Ryan Emberley/Invision for Apple/AP Images) Share Written by Dave Gershgorn Obsession Machines with Brains December 27, 2016 A few days before Christmas and Hanukkah festivities began, Apple gave a little something to the artificial intelligence research community: its first research paper. The paper, authored by six of Apple’s researchers, doesn’t focus on AI that someone with an iPhone might interact with, but rather how to create enough data to effectively train it. Specifically, the research focuses on making realistic fake images—mostly of humans—to train facial recognition AI. It addresses a core problem: training a machine takes a huge amount of data. Moreover, training a machine on matters like faces and body language can take a ton of personal data. The ability to manufacture this kind of training data and still achieve high results could allow Apple to build AI that understand how humans function (the way we move our hands or look around a screen) without needing to use any user data while building the software. Apple’s published research focuses on those two examples: identifying hand gestures and detecting where people are looking, examples of basic image recognition problems that could be applied to anything from tracking user behavior to a wave-to-unlock iPhone feature. In both cases, the researchers took established datasets of synthetic images, and used a neural network trained on real images to refine them to look more realistic. The system then compares the refined image to a real image, attempts to decide which picture is real, and then updates itself based on what the system judged as fake compared to the real image. As the researchers write, the end result is “state-of-the-art results without any labeled real data.” The work that Apple decided to present first is interesting. It’s not speech recognition for Siri, or a PR stunt for some new Maps feature. Rather, it’s research that very much falls in line with an established trend of 2016: using neural networks to generate new data instead of just identifying it. The research also nods toward user data security, a drum that Apple beats loudly and often. While some companies like Google and Facebook use vast quantities of user data to train their algorithms, Apple’s entire pitch has been that nobody has access to what’s on an iPhone but the iPhone’s owner. This kind of work makes the statement that Apple will keep up with other tech companies and still honor the privacy it promised users. Researchers write that the next possible avenues of research could be using the same technique for videos. Read full story home our picks popular latest obsessions search
Login Remember me Submit a Tip Login Create Account Subscribe Follow Us Get Our App Main Top Reviews Hot Games Watch List Forums Deals BuyBack ★ TouchArcade needs your help. Click here to support us on Patreon. ★ News 'Super Mario Run', ReplayKit Live, and The Tech Death Spiral - The Carter Crater Author Carter Dotson Posted On2016-12-28 12:34:27 Editorials, News, The Carter Crater [appicon] Notice something missing from Super Mario Run [Free]? It's ReplayKit. You probably didn't, which is a shame because Super Mario Run would have been a fantastic flagship game for ReplayKit Live. This was the first Mario game released on a non-Nintendo system, after all. This was a watershed moment for both Nintendo and mobile gaming history. And it was a perfect moment to get people hooked into streaming from their mobile device using a feature specifically introduced in iOS 10 to do just that. Instead, we get nothing. And it's become the sad state of affairs for gaming features on iOS. Subscribe to the TouchArcade YouTube channel Doesn't it seem nonsensical that on a major release that Apple partnered with Nintendo to promote in a way that they have done with no other game, a major gaming feature for iOS was roundly ignored? Well, in a normal universe, it would be nonsensical. But we live in a universe where Apple, the world's most reluctant gaming company, often leaves features like this to languish. I want to believe that cool gaming features introduced by Apple could work out, but with frightening regularity, they do not. Even from inception, ReplayKit Live seemed to doomed to failure – it was barely mentioned at all at the WWDC keynote, only winding up in the Platforms State of the Union! ReplayKit in a recording facet has largely been ignored after it got a similar introduction at WWDC in 2015. And much like ReplayKit video recording, ReplayKit Live has not seen much in the way of implementation at all. It gets to a point where I am surprised when a game features either function! And I don't blame developers for not implementing ReplayKit, if Apple's not going to put their weight behind the feature either. ReplayKit Live is set to go down the technology death spiral. What happens is that a format is introduced that requires both user support and a good content supply. What happens is that when the content supply is low, people stop using the feature or product, and even worse, stop expecting support for it. Then developers and other content creators de-prioritize support, because the users aren't there. And with less content support, users choose not to use or expect support, until it all evens out or the product/feature dies. Would it shock you if ReplayKit's API was abandoned at some point in the future? Game Center isn't dead, but Apple sure didn't make it a priority when it was a default app. Heck, I remember talking to the developer of Zen Wars [$0.99] who talked about how adding voice chat in online multiplayer through Game Center required only a few lines of code. If this was an available feature, why did so few developers actually use it? Because Apple does a terrible job at ensuring there's a good supply for any gaming features they introduce. Of course, a big reason why the technology death spiral happens is because often times, the creator of that product or service doesn't have the resources to make it work. Think about a multiplayer game from a small studio – I've seen countless fun games fall apart because they don't have the resources to get the playerbase to make the game a popular, ongoing product. But resources are not a problem for Apple. If anything, they have too much money. The fact that anything they create would fall to the technology death spiral is a sign that they probably don't believe too much in what they're creating. Apple TV gaming has fallen to this affliction as well. Developers took an early risk in making software for Apple TV, but the users weren't there, now the developers are going away, and users who do stick around have less content to check out on Apple TV because they can't reasonably expect any game to release on Apple TV. Why should they? If Apple had a coherent plan (maybe supporting controller-only games would have helped from day one), and was willing to throw resources behind developers to make sure there's content when the content can't support its creators by itself, well, maybe Apple TV gaming wouldn't have flopped so hard, much to my chagrin. Look at the virtual reality space. We're still well away from a time when VR pays for itself for creators across the spectrum. But this is where the infinite funding mechanism works perfectly: for VR to be viable, it requires those with resources to support VR content creators. VR won't pay for itself for a long time, if ever. But if it ever is going to work, it's going to require appealing content, and a lot of entities are willing to take early losses to ensure there's the possibility for future gains. Imagine if Apple was that way with anything gaming-related, willing to use their resources for more than just a few select apps to ensure that there's great gaming content across a variety of platforms. Now, while I'm using Super Mario Run's lack of streaming as a point of condemnation for Apple, this could be on Nintendo, who didn't want to implement the feature. After all, they have a weird relationship with video content. But the fact is that of every other major release on the App Store this year and even last year, so few games feature ReplayKit, so Apple has not earned the benefit of the doubt at all. Apple plays a major role in featuring game releases, and word I've heard is that including certain features is a great way to get featured. So it's not like Apple is remaining entirely hands-off! Apple could easily start making supporting features like ReplayKit a virtual prerequisite to a valuable feature slot. So, Apple doesn't exactly get the benefit of the doubt here. It's just as likely that they introduced the feature because someone at the thought it would be cool, but nobody thinks it's important enough to really promote. Subscribe to the TouchArcade YouTube channel And that's the problem – the feature is so inconsistently implemented, that no user can reasonably expect to have it available in a game they want to record or stream. I anticipate the counterargument of "Mobile gamers don't care about streaming!" It's a chicken and the egg problem – maybe they don't care because there hasn't been an easy avenue to do so? It's far more difficult to stream a mobile game of any sort compared to a console or PC game. I also believe in the possibilities of itinerant mobile streaming, i.e., impromptu live streams, often of short length, shared on social media. This sort of itinerant streaming is rising in prominence through Facebook Live, Periscope, and [even Twitch is adding this to their app. But not as gaming content, as just standard video broadcasting. Why shouldn't fun mobile games, which could work as fun short-term streams, be part of the equation for itinerant live streaming? Super Mario Run would have been perfect for this sort of streaming. Stream yourself going after those tricky black coins. Taking on a friend in a Toad Rally? Stream it! How many more people would buy the $9.99 unlock if they felt like they were missing out because their friends were sharing their gameplay, especially of locked-away parts of the game? Unity offers ReplayKit support and remember that Super Mario Run is a Unity game. I'm not asking for anything ridiculous here! Subscribe to the TouchArcade YouTube channel While perhaps any avenue for a game-level API making streaming/recording working is doomed unless or until Apple decides to make it happen, I think there is hope for mobile game streaming. What Apple would ideally introduce is a system-level streaming/recording function in a future iOS version. Considering Android can do it through even third-party tools, Apple should look to implement something similar. Streaming from devices would be easy use for casual streamers and could get even professionals doing casual streams. Again, that's what Twitch is doing, and they've shown little interest in iOS streaming. There was that mobile streaming API with TouchFish [Free] and a couple Gameloft games, but that was it. People expect to stream/record whatever they want. They do so on the Xbox and Playstation, why can't they do so on mobile? The thing that's annoying about all of this is that once again, I see real potential for mobile gaming, when playing to its strength as short-burst entertainment, that is being held back because Apple can't launch a successful gaming feature that's more than just a mild curiosity. Patches Good for the Meta (?), Card-Draw RNG, and More 'Hearthstone' Weekly News in 'Touchstone' #78 Our 2016 Game of the Year 'Crashlands' is on Sale for the First Time Ever scottsoapbox It is strange that Apple makes sooo much money from mobile gaming and doesn't seem to give a flip about it. http://toucharcade.com Eli Hodapp Well, the way they look at it is games like Clash Royale, Super Mario Run, Pokemon Go, and others are practically money printing machines so to them everything is working fine. scottsoapbox Yes but with hardware sales leveling off and "services" their claimed growth area to investors you would think they would and least try. http://wizodd.tumblr.com Wizard of Odyssey When they take 30% of those other games through their app store "services?" I dunno ... Amazon is cultivating a game studio, it's not exactly lighting the world on fire. I think Apple likes money more than games. nav1 Very good article, I didn't even remember ReplayKit was a thing that existed, yet now it feels like such a missed opportunity. Hopefully it's not too late, though I doubt it gets implemented. HelperMonkey "World's most reluctant gaming company..." Seems an apt appraisal. Dawn Stung atoms I feel like Apple is still complacent about iPhone sales that they're not developing their regular iPad product line properly. I wish they release more of them with the newer chips. Tallgeese So.... Did you guys get dumped by Mobcrush then? Shaun James Musgrave Taso was streaming on Mobcrush about two hours before you posted this comment, so I'm going to go with no. Tallgeese So... thing proooooly should have happened in this article... But I'm technically neither party so whatever... Shaun James Musgrave I'm not fully sure what you're getting at, but ReplayKit is the Apple api used by Mobcrush and every other streaming service as of iOS 10. It's neither exclusive to nor exclusionary of Mobcrush. http://about.me/wondroushippo Carter Dotson I feel like you're trying to read something into this that's not there and absolutely not intended? Tallgeese I just don't think you should only offer recriminations when solutions, especially native ones, exist. Shaun James Musgrave ReplayKit is the only native solution that currently exists for iOS owners. Unless you happen to also own a Mac, in which case, yes, there are AirPlay options. Tallgeese Sorry, I dislike being continuously adversarial, or often, at all. Perhaps I'm not understanding how this API works. DJEmergency I'm a game developer and the features that you talk about aren't even available in most (maybe all) game engines. If we can get the developers for these engines to get these features in I'm sure more people will use them, but for now it's the game engine's fault for the lack of support. PlaystationPaul Errr there have been plenty of Mario games on non Nintendo systems, going as far back as Atari. Ever heard of the CDi? Travis Ryan fun-fact: we're on Apples Radar as one of the worst instances of ReplayKit with Dashy Crashy - it compresses the footage down so poorly that we've talked numerous times about removing it altogether - there's little room beyond the API to improve (we figure it's some low-level OpenGL ES1 non-compatibility). By contrast, we're finding direct-to-YouTube screencasting works effortlessly on Google Play however. Praying that Apple are holding out for some wonder-game-service to roll out with iPhone X - otherwise, developers will look to 3rd party cross-platform solutions (and they're coming!), or perhaps that's the game plan all along? Sponsors Support Us Support TouchArcade on Patreon Latest Podcast 2016 Recap, Best of and Best Stories - The TouchArcade Show #288 Latest Reviews $1.99 StarStarStarStarNone Snowball!! ArcadeUniversal 5 hours ago $1.99 StarStarStarStarNone Island Delta PuzzleUniversal 7 hours ago $6.99 StarStarStarStarStar Colt Express BoardUniversal 3 days ago $2.99 StarStarStarNoneNone Batman - The Telltale Series AdventureiPhone 3 days ago Free StarStarStarStarNone PinOut! ArcadeUniversal 3 days ago $4.99 StarStarStarStarStar Mini Metro StrategyUniversal 3 days ago Hot Games 99¢ Return of the Zombie King Role PlayingUniversal Released 11 weeks ago 99¢ Evil War ArcadeUniversal Released 1 week ago Free Gumballs & Dungeons(G&D) StrategyUniversal Released 6 weeks ago Free StarStarStarNoneNone SUPER MARIO RUN ArcadeiPhone Released 17 weeks ago $4.99 Don't Starve: Shipwrecked AdventureiPhone Released 1 week ago Free StarStarStarStarNone Exiled Kingdoms RPG Role PlayingiPhone Released 14 weeks ago Game Releases Geometry Dash (by RobTop Games) [Read level request rules in 1st post!] ( ͡� ͜ʖ ͡�) (100956) Don't Starve: Shipwrecked (by Klei Entertainment) (89) Crashlands - TouchArcade Game of the Year 2016 (1697) Solitairica (by Righteous Hammer Games Inc.) (527) Second World: Air War (by Change 3 Studio) (51) Nowhere: Lost Memories (by DarkPath Studio) (87) Evil War (by AT GameZ) (15) Cluckles' Adventure (By Luke Henning) (2) Stellar Horizon (by S.MARSAULT) (1068) Wyvern (by Ghost Track Inc) (77) Pathfinder Adventures (by Obsidian Entertainment) (583) Guild of Dungeoneering (by Gambrinous) (324) Empire of Angels IV (By SOFTSTAR ENTERTAINMENT) [UNIVERSAL] (34) Adventures of Pip (by Tic Toc Games) (135) Super Mario Run (by Nintendo Co., Ltd.) [UNIVERSAL!] (578) Return of the Zombie King (by Chris Zukowski) (154) Disney Crossy Road (by Hipster Whale & Disney) (184) Heart Box - physics puzzle game (by Konstantin Radchenko) (14) New Game Threads Cluckles' Adventure (By Luke Henning) (2) Wheel of Prizes (by Empire Developments) (0) Light Apprentice (by Amazu Media) (3) RedSun RTS (by Yuri Eletskikh) (1) Rescue the Enchanter (by Lone Wolf Games) (2) HAMI (by Pixeloading) (0) Ice Cream Sweet (by Superbox) (0) High Space - Bend SpaceTime (by Last Sparks Games) (6) Super Dragon Dash (by Ruben Pecellin) (4) Top Bike Moto Rider City 2017 (By Lois Lavinia) (0) Swing Mo (by Pixeloading) (0) Evil War (by AT GameZ) (15) Scary Stories (by UAPP) (0) Please, Don't Touch Anything 3D (by Escalation Studios) [UNIVERSAL] (3) Mighty Cube (by Hamza Ahmed) (0) Bubble Blaze (by Outplay Entertainment) (1) Zombie Train Apocalypse ( By Jacques Deul) (6) zombie train (By Jacques Deul) (1) General Discussion Your fav procedurally generated games (including roguelikes/rogue-lites) (78) TA Forum's Game of the Year (GOTY) - 2016 [Vote before 4 Jan] (86) At last: mobile surpassed PC/Console in annual revenue! (5) TouchArcade's Best Games of 2016: THE COMPLETE LIST (9) Artistic discussion on RPG game "Warriors Dash" (4) The Official RPG Reload Club Thread (1401) Christmas 2016 purchasing list (4) Is there gonna be a post about new games (19) Need help remembering an iOS game (3) Game Center leaderboards broken on iOS 10.2? (1) Steelseries Stratus does not seem to work with iOS10 (22) Sessions of the War Council - Strategy Guides for Planar Conquest (14) Hot Springs Story: Tips & Strategies (266) Best open world rpg on IOS (5) List of good games that Are not anymore in App Store (338) Best Smash Bros Clone for IOS? (6) Trade my iPhone 7 for a 7 Plus? (19) Games coming out tomorrow (1) Promo Codes [PROMO CODES] Neon Blast for iOS (0) 10 $ Paypal contest - download and rate "Countdown to 2017!" (15) WIN $25 iTunes Gift Card, Amazon Gift Card or PayPal: Review/Rate Contest. (14) Win a $10 App Store GC! (11) WIN! 2 x $25 iTunes Gift Card, Amazon Gift Card or PayPal - play Dashy Santa (28) WIN a $25 iTunes Gift Card or PayPal by Jan 05 (6) 2 x $25 PayPal, iTunes or Amazon Giftcard for Australian Users (7) Get into Moodz! Win a $30 App Store GC! (15) WIN! $50 iTunes Gift Card or PayPal - Play with Leashed Soul and know Beydo! (20) 2 x $25 iTunes/Amazon Gift Card or PayPal Card Monsters Slogan Suggestion and Review (28) Stickman Base Jumper 2 (by Djinnworks) (10) [] Bomb Hero 3D (by YANHUA ZHAO) (26) Xmas Promo Code giveaway for "Ace Maverick", helicopter action for iOS (2) FREE STICKER PACK for downloading free app + PROMO CODES! (0) You could win a $10 App Store GC for playing and rating our BRAND NEW APP! (16) [Promo Codes] Square Borne Farm - Happy Holidays! (0) Alan M. Newman's Dynasties (4) Monster Run Promocodes for 5000 coins IAP ($4.99 value) (2) Upcoming Releases Breach Arena - half TD, half Card-Battler, FULL MOBA [Last call for closed-Beta] (14) Noblemen: 1896 (Foursaken Media) - strategy + 3rd person cover based shooter (110) Raging Justice - an arcade beat-em-up; coming soon! (38) Super Hyper Ball 2 by Neonchimp (Looking for beta testers!) (48) Tiny Bombers - Endless procedural bomberman mechanics (23) Duelyst Mobile (9) Cubemetry Wars HD - My First Game Complete After 2 Years! (0) Hidden Folks - playtest / translate (27) 2112td (12) Widower's Sky - Adventure/Survival Game (Testers Needed) (64) TAVERN GUARDIANS - Hack & Slash Meets Puzzle (Free Demo) (63) Space Haven, the PC/Mobile game inspired by Rimworld, FTL and original X-COM. (30) Slap Shots! (by The Frosty Pop Corps) (13) SHADOWBLOOD ARPG Launching Soon! (12) Skiplit 2.0 � a simple and complex puzzle game, now with community levels! (2) (WIP) Misspell (MicRogue Spiritual Successor) (17) Dashy Crashy TURBO update (by Dumpling) - BETA testers wanted (18) The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth (246) Dev Discussion Help with promotion (5) Music Composer seeking Indie Game Developers... (0) What should I expect once Apple recommends my game for China (0) Upcoming Platform Game: Suzy Cube (114) This Could Be The Hit I Am Waiting For (4) Password for games (2) Snow Throw VR: My holiday themed snowball game (VR mode is optional) (0) I am worried no one will ever see the ads on our new free game (9) How cool would an Excitebike-like game be? (6) I need your opinion on my new game! (1) Chezz - A game of chess without turns, needs BETA Testers and Feedback (0) Giving up is not an option! (5) Apple Search Ads (8) App Achievement Unlocked- collect trophies for being an awesome app developer! (0) Best ad-network's eCPM and fill rate (4) Making TALLNUM (TL№) a puzzle about perception and numbers. (11) Gaming AI: The Art of Being Not Too Smart (2) The Effect of a minor feature on the Chinese App Store for a "dead" game (0) Services for Trade Freelance electronic/orchestral/chiptune composer for your game (11) Hi, I'm a 2D Graphic Artist (Vector) for hire (67) Free Music Resource - soundimage.org (123) Composer seeking Indie Game Devs (0) [Music/Sound] Jose Mora (Music Vortex) (0) Music Composer (0) Royalty Free Fusion Music For Games (0) Professional 2D & 3D Gaming artist in Indie Prices (7) [Composer Available] 20+ years of experience (5) Illustrator/Concept Artist available for freelance work (22) Sam Foster Sound | Experienced Game Composer for Hire (0) Freelance 2D Artist (3) Artist for hire illustration Anime/visual novel/Character (10) Unity Asset Store SALE (1) [Art Team with low rates] 2D artists & Unity developers. (1) [Art Team ] 3D artists & Unity developers (1) [Art Team ] Pixel artists & Unity developers (1) Game Designer and Sales rep Wanted (0) Other Discussion Let's play a game (137) The Old Farts discussion thread. (199) recommend an old horror movie (26) Playstation Vita Discussion Thread (8802) 🎉🎈🎁🎂Happy Birthday🎂🎁🎈🎉 (319) Happy New Years!!!!!! (5) The Playstation 4 (PS4) Thread! (1051) What song are you guys listening to at the moment? (2909) Is there any kind of apps that has not been made? (0) Happy thread (42) Best Sports movies? (6) Goodbye Princess (5) Annual Winter Holiday Thread (10) TripMX Great Music Expedition!!! (61) TouchArcade IOS App bugged now? Outdated (1) Obligatory Comeback Thread For Recommendations (9) Silly question... how to change user name? (3) Nintendo Switch (aka NX) (15) Site Feedback TouchArcade notifications not working? (1) Disqus ban. (1) Can you please add an "Energy System" tag on game descriptions and reviews? (3) Petition to require login to promo codes area (24) Constant Login Requests (7) Embed Youtube videos (27) Tips mail bounce back (0) Site RSS feed not updating? (20) Can TouchArcade do some regular hardware peripheral reviews? (0) Notifications (3) Patreon Page Blank? (1) TouchArcade app slows phone (3) profile pic update fails on mobile (2) Request: Allow full screen button for YouTube videos (0) Remove Poll? (2) Older device section (4) Looking for new recruits to join the Spam Police Force on the forums. (68) Getting email spam by developers AGAIN..no need for it!! (0) Pages About Us, PR Contact, Advertise Advertising Career Opportunities - Write For TouchArcade Job Board Newest iPhone Games and Price Drops Newest iPhone Games and Price Drops - Mobile Privacy Policy / DMCA Copyright Agent Sending Promo Codes for Giveaways Support TouchArcade Advertising and Editorial Policies TouchArcade's List of iPad Games with iCade Support Upcoming Categories 360iDev (3) Accessories (89) Android (148) Apple TV (34) Apple Watch (16) Applications (170) Companion (35) Emulator (54) Internet (1) Jailbreak (21) Misc (5) Music (5) Utility (16) April Fools' Day (9) Best iPad Games (113) Best iPhone Games (126) CES (8) CES 2010 (3) Classic Reload (5) Controller Support (93) Deals (41) Developer Corner (7) Development Tools (10) E3 (145) E3 Expo 2009 (18) E3 Expo 2010 (15) E3 Expo 2010 (1) E3 Expo 2011 (13) E3 Expo 2012 (25) E3 Expo 2013 (28) E3 Expo 2014 (20) E3 Expo 2015 (20) E3 Expo 2016 (4) Editor's Notes (16) Editorials (51) The Carter Crater (26) The Fretz Zone (5) The Tasos Principle (2) Exclusives (141) Featured (1,481) First Impressions (192) Full Content (184) Game Center (2,268) Game of the Week (172) Games (10,379) Action (2,111) Adventure (993) Arcade (1,121) Augmented Reality (45) Bear Driving Simulator (4) Board (148) Card (364) Castle Defense (35) Cave-Flyer (36) Demo (4) Drawing (31) Fighting (214) First Person Shooter (147) Goat Simulators (8) Interactive Fiction (57) Just Make Crossy Road, JEEZ (5) Man-Horse Dating Simulator (4) Massive Multiplayer (MMO) (81) Maze (92) MOBA (59) Music / Rhythm (160) Pinball (87) Platform (818) Puzzle (1,549) Quiz (16) Racing (545) Retro (526) Role-Playing (1,226) Runner (186) Shooter (911) Simulation (600) Social RPG (6) Sports (394) Strategy (791) Time Management (93) Tower Defense (220) Virtual Pet (30) Wi-Fi Multiplayer (15) Word (101) GDC (311) GDC 2009 (17) GDC 2010 (18) GDC 2011 (33) GDC 2012 (44) GDC 2013 (32) GDC 2014 (32) GDC 2015 (58) GDC 2016 (67) GDC Austin (1) GDC Austin 2009 (6) GDC Online 2011 (1) Guides (172) High Score Challenge (4) Humor (3) Interview (35) Interviews (47) iPad Games (7,131) iPad Models (140) iPad (38) iPad 2 (57) iPad 3 (41) iPad 4 (10) iPad mini (12) iPad Pro (1) iPhone games (10,019) iPhone Models (138) iPhone 3G S (22) iPhone 4 (73) iPhone 4S (24) iPhone 5 (34) iPod games (75) iPod touch (5th gen) (65) iPod touch games (8,160) Mac App Store (18) Macworld|iWorld 2012 (9) News (12,108) Online Multiplayer Nights (1) Thursday (1) PAX (22) PAX Australia (13) PAX East (10) PlayStation Games (1) Podcast (376) Prices (7,760) $0.99 (1,868) $1.99 (966) $10.99 (3) $11.99 (13) $12.99 (6) $13.99 (4) $14.99 (24) $15.99 (14) $16.99 (3) $17.99 (5) $19.99 (19) $2.99 (1,035) $22.99 (1) $24.99 (2) $27.99 (1) $3.99 (337) $4.99 (869) $49.99 (1) $5.99 (146) $54.99 (1) $6.99 (294) $7.99 (107) $74.99 (2) $8.99 (21) $9.99 (249) Free (2,773) Push Notification (97) Ratings (3,289) 1 star (10) 2 stars (59) 2.5 stars (96) 3 stars (406) 3.5 stars (729) 4 stars (1,124) 4.5 stars (572) 5 stars (294) Reinstall Monday (1) Release (510) Requests (3) Review (30) Reviews (3,736) RPG Reload (141) Rumors (24) Sales (1,076) Soap Box (8) TA Plays (361) TGS 2014 (10) TGS 2016 (10) TouchArcade Free Play (4) TouchStone (80) Uncategorized (15) Universal (4,248) Upcoming Games (5,774) Updates (1,599) Web-based games (14) What Do You Think (17) WWDC (10) WWDC 2013 (7) WWDC 2009 (21) WWDC 2010 (13) WWDC 2011 (16) WWDC 2012 (17) WWDC 2015 (5) About Us "TouchArcade covers the latest games and apps for Apple's iPhone and iPod Touch. We are the largest site dedicated to iPhone and iPod Touch gaming." Promotional Codes While we now accept iTunes Promotional Codes for games, we can't guarantee that your app will be reviewed or covered. Only one promotion code is required. Feel free to send promo codes to tips@toucharcade.com. While we appreciate the promo codes, notable app pre-announcements and preview copies are also of interest to our readers. Please feel free to contact us at the same email address about these opportunities. Note: we rarely (if ever) solicit developers directly for promo codes. If you receive such an email, please contact us. Advertising We have advertising opportunities available to iPhone and iPod Touch developers. If interested, please see this page for more information: Advertise on TouchArcade Press Contact We welcome news releases, previews, screenshots and video links for existing or upcoming iPhone and iPod Games. We can't promise a personal reply but we do try to evaluate every title submitted. Please send press releases or general inquiries to tips@toucharcade.com. Copyright 2014, TouchArcade.com, LLC. iPhone Games
null
PhoneDog Android And Me TmoNews NEW Official Smartphone Rankings, Vote NOW! TodaysiPhone.com The source for news, reviews, and articles surrounding Apple. Navigation Home News / Articles App Reviews Accessory Reviews Podcast TiP Us Join the TiP team HOT TOPICS: iPhone 8 TV app AirPods MacBook Pro with Touch Bar iPad Pro You are here: Home > Mockups show what a ‘Jet White’ iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus would’ve looked like Mockups show what a ‘Jet White’ iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus would’ve looked like December 28, 2016 Peter Cao Leave a comment There have been multiple rumors noting that Apple may release a “Jet White” color option for the iPhone 7. And while it’s highly unlikely that it’ll happen, here are a few mockups of what it could look like if Apple were to release the color. Prominent figure Sonny Dickson shared a video on Twitter, depicting an iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus in Jet White. Again, these are mockups because the 4.7-inch model doesn’t have an Apple logo on it. Jet Black has proven to be popular so Apple releasing an ultra-white glossy finish would be a smart move. While it wouldn’t actually be called Jet White because “Jet” literally means “dark black”, it’d be a nice addition to the lineup. I’d personally like to see a glossy white with a black front as that’d absolutely be sick. Tags: iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus, Jet White About Peter Cao Peter has a passion for music and technology. He conceits himself by religiously rocking the Apple brand. You can find him on Twitter @iPeterCao. View all posts by Peter Cao → ← Some early AirPods users are seeing battery draining issues with charging case Analysts: iPhone 7 didn’t have enough features to capitalize on Samsung’s disaster → Select a phone: (optional) + - Any - 3G|4G U301 USB Modem Acer Aspire One Netbook Acer Liquid M220 Airave 2.5 Plus Alcatel 510A Alcatel 768 Alcatel 871A GoPhone Alcatel A392G Alcatel Fling Alcatel One Touch 991 Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel OneTouch Conquest Alcatel OneTouch Elevate Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fierce Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (4.7") Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (5.5") Alcatel OneTouch Pop 7 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon Alcatel OneTouch Pop Mega Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star LTE Alcatel OneTouch Retro ALCATEL OneTouch Sonic LTE Alcatel Pop C9 Alcatel Pop D3 Alcatel Venture Amazon Fire Phone Anna Sui Mobile by Samsung Apple iPad 2 16GB Apple iPad 2 32GB Apple iPad 2 64GB Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad Mini 3 Apple iPad mini 4 Apple iPad mini with Retina Display Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad with Retina Display Apple iPhone 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 8 GB Apple iPhone 3G S 32 GB Apple iPhone 3GS Apple iPhone 4 Apple iPhone 4S Apple iPhone 5 Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6s Plus ASUS MeMO Pad 7 LTE ASUS MeMO Pad FHD 10 LTE ASUS PadFone X mini ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenWatch 2 AT&T Avail 2 AT&T F160 AT&T Impulse 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot Elevate 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot MiFi 2372 AT&T Quickfire AT&T Radiant GoPhone AT&T Unite AT&T Unite Pro AT&T USBConnect 900 AT&T USBConnect Adrenaline AT&T USBConnect Force 4G AT&T USBConnect Mercury AT&T USBConnect Momentum 4G AT&T USBConnect Shockwave AT&T USBConnect Turbo AT&T USBConnect Velocity AT&T Z222 GoPhone AT&T Z331 AT&T Z998 GoPhone Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox PC5740 EVDO PC Card Audiovox VI600 Audiovox XV6600 Betsey Johnson Mobile by Samsung Big Button Flip Alcatel A392G BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7290 BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8820 BlackBerry Bold BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9700 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Bold 9900 BlackBerry Bold 9930 BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Curve 3G BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Curve 8320 BlackBerry Curve 8330 BlackBerry Curve 8350i BlackBerry Curve 8520 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8900 BlackBerry Curve 9310 BlackBerry Curve 9315 BlackBerry Curve 9330 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9370 BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Pearl BlackBerry Pearl 3G BlackBerry Pearl 8110 BlackBerry Pearl 8120 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8230 BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Storm BlackBerry Storm2 BlackBerry Style BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9850 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Tour BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Z30 Blackphone 2 BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Life View BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0C BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio Selfie LTE Boost MAX by ZTE Boost Warp 4G by ZTE Brigadier by Kyocera Casio EXILIM Casio G'zOne Boulder CASIO G'zONE Ravine 2 (Non-Camera) Casio GzOne Brigade Casio GzOne Commando Casio GzOne Ravine Casio GzOne Ravine 2 Casio GzOne Rock CAT B15Q CAT S40 Compaq Mini 110c-1048NR Coolpad Arise Coolpad Flo Coolpad Quattro 4G Dell Inspiron 14z Laptop Dell Inspiron Mini 10 with T-Mobile webConnect Dell Inspiron Mini 1012 Dell Streak 7 Diane Von Furstenberg Mobile by Samsung DROID 2 by Motorola DROID 2 Global by Motorola DROID 3 by Motorola DROID 4 by Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G by Motorola DROID by Motorola DROID CHARGE by Samsung Droid DNA by HTC DROID ERIS by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 by HTC DROID Incredible 4G LTE by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE by HTC DROID Pro by Motorola DROID R2 D2 by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola 16GB DROID RAZR HD by Motorola DROID RAZR M by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola DROID Turbo DROID X by Motorola DROID X2 by Motorola Enact by LG Ericsson c905a Ericsson Equinox Ericsson TM506 Ericsson Vivaz Ericsson W350 Ericsson W518a Ericsson w760a Ericsson Z750a Firefly Fivespot Global Ready Franklin Wireless U680 USB Galaxy Nexus by Samsung Garmin Garminfone Garmin nuvifone G60 Gateway LT2016u Netbook Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 5 Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 9 Google Pixel C HP iPAQ Glisten HP Mini 110 Netbook HP Mini 110-1050NR HP Mini 1151NR Netbook HP Mini 210-1076NR Netbook HP Mini 311-1037NR Netbook HP Veer 4G HTC 8XT HTC Amaze HTC Aria HTC Arrive HTC Desire HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 526 HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 612 HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 626s HTC Desire 816 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire EYE HTC Droid DNA HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 4G HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO Design 4G HTC EVO Shift 4G HTC EVO View 4G HTC First HTC Freestyle HTC FUZE HTC HD 7 HTC HD2 HTC HD7S HTC Hero HTC Imagio HTC Inspire 4G HTC Jetstream HTC Merge HTC Mogul Pocket PC 6800 HTC One HTC One (E8) HTC One (M8) HTC One (M8) For Windows HTC One A9 HTC One M9 HTC One Max HTC One mini HTC One remix HTC One S HTC One SV HTC One V HTC One X HTC One X+ HTC Ozone HTC PPC6800 HTC Pure HTC Radar HTC Rezound HTC Rhyme HTC S621 Excalibur HTC S630 Cavalier HTC Sensation HTC Snap HTC Status HTC Surround HTC Thunderbolt HTC Tilt 2 HTC Titan HTC Titan II HTC Touch HTC Touch Diamond HTC Touch Pro HTC Touch Pro 2 HTC Trophy HTC Vivid HTC Wildfire S Huawei Activa 4G Huawei Ascend HUAWEI Ascend II Huawei Ascend Mate 2 Huawei Ascend Plus Huawei Ascend W1 Huawei Ascend Y Huawei EC168 Huawei Glory Huawei H210C Huawei H215G Huawei H866C Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Inspira Huawei M735 Huawei M835 Huawei Mate S Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei P8 lite Huawei Pal Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Premia 4G Huawei SnapTo Huawei Summit Huawei U8651T Prism Huawei Union Huawei Valiant Huawei Verge Huawei Vitria Huawei Watch Jolla Tablet KIN One KIN Two Kyocera 126C Kyocera 323 Kyocera Brigadier Kyocera Brio Kyocera Coast Kyocera Contact Kyocera DuraCore Kyocera DuraForce Kyocera DuraMax Kyocera DuraPlus Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraXT Kyocera DuraXV Kyocera E1000 Kyocera E1100 Neo Kyocera E2000 Kyocera Echo Kyocera Event Kyocera Hydro Kyocera Hydro Edge Kyocera Hydro Elite Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Vibe Kyocera Hydro Wave Kyocera Hydro XTRM Kyocera K132 Kyocera Kona Kyocera Loft Kyocera Milano Kyocera Presto Kyocera Rise Kyocera SE47 Slider Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torque Kyocera TorqueXT Kyocera Verve LG 221C LG 101 LG 1500 LG 220C LG 231C LG 235C LG 236C LG 320G LG 400G LG 450 LG 500G LG 505C LG 511C LG 600G LG 620G LG 800G LG 900G LG A340 LG A380 LG Access LTE LG Accolade LG Ally LG Arena LG Aspire LG AX155 LG AX300 LG AX310 LG AX565 LG AX8600 LG Banter LG Beacon LG CF360 LG Chocolate 3 LG Chocolate Touch LG Chocolate VX8550 LG Chocolate White LG Clout LG Connect 4G LG Cosmos LG Cosmos 2 LG Cosmos 3 LG Cosmos Touch LG Dare LG Decoy LG dLite LG Doubleplay LG Enact LG Encore LG Enlighten LG enV Touch LG enV VX11000 LG enV VX9900 LG enV2 LG enV3 LG Escape LG Esteem LG Exalt LG eXpo LG Extravert LG Extravert 2 LG Fathom LG G Flex LG G Flex 2 LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad F7.0 LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G Vista 2 LG G2 LG G3 LG G3 Vigor LG G4 LG Glance LG Glimmer LG Google Nexus 4 LG GS170 LG GU295 LG INCITE LG Intuition LG Invision LG L35G SIM4 LG Lancet LG Leon LTE LG Lotus LG Lotus Elite LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 3 LG Lucky LG LX150 LG LX160 LG LX290 LG LX350 LG LX370 LG LX400 LG LX550 LG Mach LG Marquee LG Migo LG Motion 4G LG Muziq LX570 LG Neon LG Neon II LG Nexus 5X LG Nitro HD LG Octane LG Optimus Black LG Optimus Dynamic LG Optimus Dynamic II LG Optimus Elite LG Optimus Exceed LG Optimus Exceed 2 LG Optimus Extreme LG Optimus F3 LG Optimus F3Q LG Optimus F6 LG Optimus F7 LG Optimus Fuel LG Optimus G LG Optimus G Pro LG Optimus L70 LG Optimus L9 LG Optimus L90 LG Optimus Logic LG Optimus M LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus Net LG Optimus One P500 LG Optimus Q LG Optimus S LG Optimus SHOWTIME LG Optimus T LG Optimus Ultimate LG Optimus Zip LG Optimus Zone LG Optimus Zone 2 LG Phoenix LG PM-225 LG Prime LG Quantum LG Realm LG Remarq LG Revere LG Revere 2 LG Revere 3 LG Revolution LG Rhythm LG Rumor LG Rumor 2 LG Rumor Reflex LG Rumor Reflex S LG Rumor Touch LG Scoop LG Sentio LG Shine CU720 LG Shine II LG Spirit 4G LG Sunrise LG Swift LG Thrill LG Transpyre LG Tribute LG Tribute 2 LG Tritan LG Ultimate 2 LG UX145 LG UX260 LG UX280 LG UX300 LG UX380 LG UX565 LG UX830 LG V10 LG Venice LG Versa LG VI-125 LG VI-5225 LG Viper LG VL600 4G USB Modem LG Volt LG Volt 2 LG Vortex LG Vu CU915 LG Vu CU920 LG Vu Plus LG VX3100 LG VX3300 LG VX3400 LG VX3450 LG VX3450L LG VX4400 LG VX4500 LG VX5200 LG VX5400 LG VX5500 LG VX7000 LG VX8000 LG VX8300 LG VX8350 LG VX8360 LG VX8600 LG VX9800 LG Watch Urbane LG Xenon LG Xpression LG Xpression 2 LG100C LG200C LG225 LG300G LG400G LG501C LG620G LG900G Lucid 3 by LG Lucid by LG Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL MiFi 2200 Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot MiFi 500 LTE by Novatel Wireless Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm Moto 360 Sport Motorola 408 Motorola A1200 Ming Motorola A630 Motorola ACTV Motorola Admiral Motorola Adventure V750 Motorola Atrix 2 Motorola Atrix 4G Motorola Atrix HD Motorola Backflip Motorola Bali Motorola Barrage Motorola Bravo Motorola Brute i680 Motorola Brute i686 Motorola Buzz ic502 Motorola C139 Motorola C168i Motorola Charm Motorola Citrus Motorola CLIQ Motorola CLIQ 2 Motorola CLIQ XT Motorola Clutch i465 Motorola Clutch i475 Motorola Debut i856 Motorola Defy Motorola Defy XT Motorola Devour Motorola Droid Bionic Motorola DROID MAXX Motorola DROID Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Mini Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Droid XYBoard 10.1 Motorola Droid XYBoard 8.2 Motorola E815 Motorola EM326g Motorola EM330 Motorola Entice Motorola Evoke Motorola EX124G Motorola EX431G Motorola Flipout Motorola Flipside Motorola Gallo i296 Motorola Hint Motorola Hint QA30 Motorola i1 Motorola i412 Motorola i530b Motorola i530y Motorola i570 Motorola i576 Motorola i605 Motorola i710 Motorola i776 Motorola i830 Motorola i880 Motorola i886 Motorola i890 Motorola Karma QA1 Motorola Krave ZN4 Motorola KRZR K1 Motorola KRZR K1m Motorola L2 Motorola L6 Motorola Luge Motorola Moto E (1st Gen) Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2014) Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Style (Pure Edition) Motorola MOTORAZR maxx Ve Motorola MOTORAZR VE20 Motorola PEBL Motorola PHOTON 4G Motorola Photon Q Motorola Q9 Global Motorola Q9c Motorola Q9m Motorola Rambler Motorola Rapture VU30 Motorola RAZR V3 Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3i/ V3t/ V3r Motorola RAZR V3m Motorola RAZR V3xx Motorola RAZR2 V9m Motorola Renegade V950 Motorola Renew Motorola Rival Motorola RIZR Z3 Motorola RIZR Z6c Motorola ROKR Motorola ROKR E8 Motorola ROKR U9 Motorola ROKR Z6 Motorola SLVR L7c Motorola Stature i9 Motorola T722i Motorola Theory Motorola Titanium Motorola Triumph Motorola Tundra Motorola V120e Motorola V171 Motorola V180 Motorola V190 Motorola V195 Motorola V220 Motorola V235 Motorola V260 Motorola V325 Motorola V360 Motorola V551 Motorola V600 Motorola V60s Motorola V710 Motorola VE465 Motorola VU204 Motorola W315 Motorola W375g Motorola W380 Motorola W385 Motorola W408g Motorola W409G Motorola W418G Motorola W490 Motorola W755 Motorola XOOM Motorola XOOM 4G LTE Motorola XPRT Motorola Z9 Motorola Zine ZN5 myTouch 4G NEC Terrain Netgear 341U USB Modem Netgear Mingle Mobile Hotspot Netgear Zing Nexbit Robin Nexus S 4G Nexus S from Google Nokia 1208 Nokia 1600 Nokia 1616 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1680 Nokia 2320 Nokia 2330 Nokia 2600 Nokia 2605 Mirage Nokia 2610 Nokia 2630 Nokia 2660 Nokia 2680 Nokia 2720 Nokia 2760 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3555 Nokia 3588i Nokia 3660 Nokia 3711 Nokia 5130 Nokia 5230 Nuron Nokia 5310 XpressMusic Nokia 5610 Nokia 6010 Nokia 6015i Nokia 6030 Nokia 6085 Nokia 6101 Nokia 6102i Nokia 6133 Nokia 6165i Nokia 6205 Nokia 6215i Nokia 6236i Nokia 6263 Nokia 6301 Nokia 6315i Nokia 6350 Nokia 6555 Nokia 6650 Nokia 6800 Nokia 7205 Intrigue Nokia 7510 Nokia 7705 Twist Nokia Astound Nokia C3 Nokia E71 Nokia E71x Nokia E73 Mode Nokia Lumia 1020 Nokia Lumia 1520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia Lumia 521 Nokia Lumia 530 Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 635 Nokia Lumia 710 Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 820 Nokia Lumia 822 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 900 Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia Lumia 925 Nokia Lumia 928 Nokia Lumia Icon Nokia Mural Nokia N1 Nokia N73 Nokia N75 Nokia N95 8GB Nokia NGage Nokia Surge Nokia Twist 7705 Nokia VI-3155 Nokia X2 Novatel EX720 ExpressCard Novatel Merlin C777 Novatel Merlin S620 Novatel MiFi 2200 Novatel MiFi 5580 Novatel Ovation U727 Novatel Ovation U760 Novatel PC770 PCmCIA Novatel S720 Novatel U760 Novatel USB1000 Global Modem Novatel V620 EVDO PC Card Novatel V640 PC/Mac USB Broadband Card Novatel V740 PC/Mac Wireless Broadband Card OnePlus 2 OnePlus One OnePlus X Option Quicksilver USB Modem Overdrive 3G 4G Mobile Hotspot Overdrive Pro 3G/4G Hotspot Palm Centro Palm M500 Palm Pixi Palm Pixi Plus Palm Pre Palm Pre 2 Palm Pre Plus Palm Pro Palm Pro Palm Treo 650 Palm Treo 700p Palm Treo 700w Palm Treo 700wx Palm Treo 755p Palm Treo 800w Palm Treo Pro Pantech Breakout Pantech Breeze Pantech Breeze II Pantech Breeze III Pantech Burst Pantech C120 Pantech C300 Pantech C3b Pantech C610 Pantech Caper Pantech Crossover Pantech Crux Pantech Ease Pantech Hotshot Pantech Impact Pantech Jest 2 Pantech Laser Pantech Link Pantech Link II Pantech Marauder Pantech Matrix Pantech Matrix Pro Pantech Perception Pantech PN-820 Pantech Pocket Pantech Pursuit Pantech Pursuit II Pantech Renue Pantech Reveal Pantech Slate Pantech Swift Pantech UML290 4G USB Modem Pantech UML295 LTE USB Modem PCD Chaser Phone Connect 3 Plum Might Z513 Que 4.5 Que 5.0 REEF RIM BlackBerry 6710 RIM BlackBerry 7100t RIM BlackBerry 7105t RIM BlackBerry 7130e RIM BlackBerry 7230 RIM BlackBerry 8700g Rugged CAT S50 S275G Samsung 4G Mobile Hotspot LC11 Samsung A107 Samsung A117 Samsung A127 Samsung A137 Samsung A167 Samsung A187 Samsung A197 Samsung A237 Samsung A580 Samsung A630 Samsung A637 Samsung A650 Samsung A670 Samsung A777 Samsung A870 Samsung A890 Samsung A930 Samsung A950 Samsung A970 Samsung A990 Samsung Access Samsung Ace i325 Samsung Admire Samsung Alias 2 Samsung Array Samsung ATIV Odyssey Samsung ATIV S Neo Samsung ATIV SE Samsung Beat Samsung Behold Samsung Behold II Samsung BlackJack i607 Samsung BlackJack II i617 Samsung Brightside Samsung Captivate Samsung Captivate Glide Samsung Comeback Samsung Conquer 4G Samsung Continuum Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Convoy Samsung Convoy 2 Samsung Convoy 3 Samsung Craft Samsung D415 Samsung D900 Samsung Dart Samsung Delve Samsung DoubleTime Samsung E105 Samsung E315 Samsung E335 Samsung E635 Samsung E715 Samsung Entro Samsung Epic Samsung Epix Samsung Eternity Samsung Eternity II Samsung Evergreen Samsung Exclaim Samsung Exhibit 4G Samsung Exhibit II 4G Samsung Factor Samsung Fascinate Samsung Flight Samsung Flight II Samsung FlipShot SCH-U900 Samsung Focus Samsung Focus 2 Samsung Focus Flash Samsung Focus S Samsung Freeform Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform M Samsung Galaxy Ace Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace Style Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Appeal Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Avant Samsung Galaxy Centura Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Samsung Galaxy Discover Samsung Galaxy Exhibit Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy J1 LTE Samsung Galaxy Light Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Samsung Galaxy Note II Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Precedent Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Reverb Samsung Galaxy Ring Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro Samsung Galaxy Rush Samsung Galaxy S 4 zoom Samsung Galaxy S 4G Samsung Galaxy S Blaze Samsung Galaxy S II Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy S III Mini Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy Stardust Samsung Galaxy Stellar Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II Samsung Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 16GB Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 32GB Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy View Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gleam U700 Samsung Glyde Samsung GO Netbook Samsung Gravity Samsung Gravity 2 Samsung Gravity 3 Samsung Gravity Q Samsung Gravity SMART Samsung Gravity T Samsung Gravity TXT Samsung Gusto Samsung Gusto 2 Samsung Gusto 3 Samsung Haven Samsung Highlight Samsung Highnote Samsung Hue II Samsung Illusion Samsung Impression Samsung Infuse 4G Samsung Instinct Samsung Instinct HD Samsung Instinct S30 Samsung Intensity Samsung Intensity II Samsung Intensity III Samsung Intercept Samsung Intrepid Samsung IP-830 Samsung IP-A790 Samsung Jack Samsung Juke U470 Samsung Katalyst T739 Samsung Knack U310 Samsung M220 Samsung M240 Samsung M300 Samsung M320 Samsung M330 Samsung M360 Samsung M370 Samsung M400 Samsung M500 Samsung M510 Samsung M520 Samsung M610 Samsung Magnet Samsung Matrix Samsung Memoir Samsung MM-A920 Samsung Moment Samsung Muse Samsung MyShot Samsung Mysto Samsung Mythic Samsung Omnia Samsung Omnia II Samsung PM-A740 Samsung Precedent Samsung Propel Samsung Propel Pro Samsung R225m Samsung R335C Samsung R375C Samsung R451C Samsung R455C Samsung R610 Samsung Rant Samsung Reality Samsung Reclaim Samsung Renown Samsung Replenish Samsung Restore Samsung Rogue Samsung Rugby Samsung Rugby 4 Samsung Rugby II Samsung Rugby Smart Samsung S275G Samsung S380C Samsung S390G Samsung S425G Samsung Saga Samsung SCH-i600 Samsung SCH-i730 Samsung SCH-U340 Samsung SCH-U540 Samsung SCH-U620 Samsung SCH-U740 Samsung Seek Samsung SGH-T199 Samsung Smiley Samsung Smooth Samsung Solstice Samsung Solstice II Samsung SP-i600 Samsung Spex r210 Samsung SPH-i700 Samsung Stratosphere Samsung Stripe T329 Samsung Strive Samsung Sunburst Samsung Sway Samsung T109 Samsung T119 Samsung T139 Samsung T159 Samsung T201G Samsung T209 Samsung T219 Samsung T229 Samsung T239 Samsung T249 Samsung t259 Samsung T309 Samsung T319 Samsung T339 Samsung T349 Samsung T369 Samsung T401G Samsung T404G Samsung T439 Samsung T509 Samsung T519 Trace Samsung T528G Samsung T609 Samsung T619 Samsung T629 Samsung T639 Samsung t659 Samsung T719 Samsung T809 Samsung T819 Samsung Trance Samsung Transform Samsung Transform Ultra Samsung Trender Samsung U430 Samsung U450 Samsung U550 Samsung Upstage M620 Samsung VI660 Samsung Vibrant Samsung X427M Samsung X495 Samsung Z400 Samsung Z700 Samsung Zeal Sanyo 7050 Sanyo 8400 Sanyo Incognito Sanyo Innuendo Sanyo Innuendo by Kyocera Sanyo Katana Sanyo Katana DLX Sanyo Katana Eclipse Sanyo Katana Eclipse X Sanyo Katana II Sanyo Katana LX Sanyo M1 Sanyo MM-8300 Sanyo PRO-200 Sanyo PRO-700 Sanyo S1 Sanyo SCP-2400 Sanyo SCP-2700 Sanyo SCP-3100 Sanyo SCP-3200 Sanyo SCP-3810 Sanyo Taho by Kyocera Sanyo Vero by Kyocera Sanyo Zio Saygus V2 Sharp Aquos Crystal Sharp FX Sharp FX PLUS Siemens CF62T Sierra 598 USB Modem Sierra USB Lightning 305 Sierra Wireless 4G LTE Tri-Fi Hotspot Sierra Wireless AC595 PCMCIA Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595U USB PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597 ExpressCard PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AirCard 402 Sierra Wireless Compass 597 USB Modem SKY 4.0 Sky 5.0L Sonim XP STRIKE Sonim XP6 Sony C1904 Xperia M Sony Ericsson Equinox Sony Ericsson GC79 Cellular and WiFi PC Card Sony Ericsson GC89 PCMCIA PC Cell WiFi Card Sony Ericsson J220a Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson T290a Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson TM506 Sony Ericsson W580i Sony Ericsson W810i Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Sony Ericsson Z300 Sony Ericsson Z310a Sony Ericsson Z750a Sony Ericsson Z780 Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia M Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia PLAY 4G Sony Xperia T3 LTE Sony Xperia X10 Sony Xperia Z Sony Xperia Z1S Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Spectrum 2 by LG Spectrum by LG Sprint 3G 4G U600 USB Modem Sprint 3G/4G Plug-in Connect USB Sprint 3G|4G USB 250U Sprint Flash Sprint Force Sprint LivePro Sprint Phone Connect 2 Sprint Plug-in-Connect Trimode Sprint Pocket WiFi Sprint PPC 6700 Sprint Vital Sprint WeGo T-Mobile 4G LTE HotSpot Z915 T-Mobile 4G Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile 665 T-Mobile 768 T-Mobile Comet T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord II T-Mobile Dash T-Mobile Dash 3G T-Mobile G-Slate with Google T-Mobile G1 T-Mobile G2 T-Mobile G2x T-Mobile Jet 2.0 4G Stick T-Mobile MDA T-Mobile myTouch T-Mobile myTouch 3G T-Mobile myTouch 3G Slide T-Mobile myTouch 4G T-Mobile myTouch 4G Slide T-Mobile myTouch by LG T-Mobile myTouch Q T-Mobile myTouch Q by LG T-Mobile Prism T-Mobile Prism II T-Mobile Rocket 3.0 4G Laptop T-Mobile SDA T-Mobile Shadow T-Mobile Sidekick T-Mobile Sidekick 3 T-Mobile Sidekick 4G T-Mobile Sidekick iD T-Mobile Sidekick II T-Mobile Sidekick LX T-Mobile Sidekick Slide T-Mobile Sonic 4G T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Sparq II T-Mobile Tap T-Mobile webConnect Jet USB T-Mobile webConnect USB T-Mobile Wing Turing Phone UNIMAX MAXBravo Unimax MXE-675 UT Starcom PC-5740 UTStarcom Blitz UTStarcom CDM-8945 UTStarcom CDM-8975 UTStarcom Coupe UTStarcom PC5750 PCMCIA PC Broadband Card UTStarcom SMT5800 UTStarcom UM150 USB Modem UTStarcom UM175 USB UTStarcom XV6800 Pocket PC Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice Verizon 4G LTE MiFi 4510L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem UML295 Verizon AD3700 Global USB Verizon Adamant Verizon Blitz Verizon CDM8950 Verizon CDM8975 Verizon Ellipsis 8 Verizon Ellipsis Jetpack MHS800L Verizon Escapade Verizon GzOne Boulder Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 4620L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 5510L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi MHS291L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot 890L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot Verizon Jetpack MiFi 6620L Verizon Razzle Verizon SMT5800 Verizon UM175 USB Data Modem Verizon UMW190 Global USB Verizon USB760 Modem Verizon VX6900 Verizon Wireless Fivespot Global Ready 3G Mobile Hotspot Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect Verizon Wireless Salute Verizon Wireless Turbine 7.0 Verizon Wireless USB551L Virgin Mobile Awe webConnect Rocket HSPA+ Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Xperia ion by Sony YotaPhone 2 ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Aspect ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Axon Pro ZTE Boost Max+ ZTE Compel ZTE Concord II ZTE Force ZTE Fury ZTE Grand S3 ZTE Grand X Max+ ZTE Illustra ZTE Majesty ZTE Maven ZTE Merit ZTE Midnight ZTE Nubia 5S Mini ZTE Optik ZTE Overture 2 ZTE Prestige ZTE Quartz ZTE Rapido LTE ZTE Savvy ZTE Score M ZTE Solar ZTE Speed ZTE Supreme ZTE Unico LTE ZTE Valet ZTE Vital ZTE Warp ZTE Warp Elite ZTE Warp Sequent ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Whirl ZTE Z432 ZTE Z667 ZTE Zephyr ZTE Zinger ZTE ZMAX ZTE ZMAX 2 AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T Mobile Share 10GB AT&T Mobile Share 15GB AT&T Mobile Share 1GB AT&T Mobile Share 20GB AT&T Mobile Share 2GB AT&T Mobile Share 300MB AT&T Mobile Share 40GB AT&T Mobile Share 4GB AT&T Mobile Share 50GB AT&T Mobile Share 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB Boost Mobile BlackBerry Monthly Unlimited Boost Mobile Data Boost Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Plan with Shrinking Payments Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Select Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited with Growing Data CREDO Mobile 10GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 15GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 1GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 2GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 3GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 4GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 6GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 8GB Shared Data Plan FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 500MB GIV Mobile The 20 Plan GIV Mobile The 25 Plan GIV Mobile The 30 Plan GIV Mobile The 40 Plan GIV Mobile The 60 Plan MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Family (2+ Lines) Republic Refund Plan with 0.5 GB Republic Refund Plan with 1 GB Republic Refund Plan with 2 GB Republic Refund Plan with 3 GB Republic Refund Plan with 4 GB Republic Refund Plan with 5 GB Republic Wireless $10 Plan Republic Wireless $25 Plan Republic Wireless $40 Plan Republic Wireless $5 Plan (WiFi Only) Republic Wireless Base Plan ROK Mobile Ultimate Unlimited Scratch Wireless Free Plan Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $1.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $14.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $6.99 Voice Pass Solavei Prepaid Unlimited Sprint $60 Unlimited Plan Sprint All-In Wireless Smartphone + Unlimited Sprint Family Share Pack 10GB Sprint Family Share Pack 12GB Sprint Family Share Pack 16GB Sprint Family Share Pack 1GB Sprint Family Share Pack 20GB Sprint Family Share Pack 2GB Sprint Family Share Pack 32GB Sprint Family Share Pack 40GB Sprint Family Share Pack 4GB Sprint Family Share Pack 60GB Sprint Family Share Pack 8GB Sprint Prepaid $60 Unlimited Talk, Text & Data Sprint Prepaid Unlimited Voice and Texting Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Sprint Unlimited My All-In Sprint Unlimited My Way Sprint Unlimited My Way Family Straight Talk All You Need Straight Talk Unlimited T-Mobile Simple Choice T-Mobile Simple Choice Family (Includes 2+ Lines) T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan T-Mobile Simply Prepaid T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text TextNow Wireless Grande Plan TextNow Wireless Quattro Plan TextNow Wireless Tall Plan TextNow Wireless Venti Plan The Verizon Plan - 100GB The Verizon Plan - 20GB The Verizon Plan - 25GB The Verizon Plan - 30GB The Verizon Plan - 40GB The Verizon Plan - 50GB The Verizon Plan - 60GB The Verizon Plan - 80GB The Verizon Plan - L The Verizon Plan - M The Verizon Plan - S The Verizon Plan - XL The Verizon Plan - XXL Ting L Plan Ting M Plan Ting S Plan Ting XL Plan TracFone 120 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 200 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 450 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan US Mobile 100 Mins Talk US Mobile 1000 Mins Talk US Mobile 2000 Mins Talk US Mobile 250 Mins Talk US Mobile 500 Mins Talk Verizon 100GB More Everything Verizon 10GB More Everything Verizon 14GB More Everything Verizon 15GB More Everything Verizon 16GB More Everything Verizon 20GB More Everything Verizon 2GB More Everything Verizon 30GB More Everything Verizon 40GB More Everything Verizon 4GB More Everything Verizon 500MB More Everything Verizon 50GB More Everything Verizon 60GB More Everything Verizon 80GB More Everything Verizon 8GB More Everything Verizon Prepaid Smartphone Plan Verizon Wireless Smartphone Single Line Plan Virgin Mobile payLo 1500 Talk & Text Virgin Mobile payLo 400 Minutes Virgin Mobile payLo Unlimited Talk & Text Virgin Mobile Unlimited + International + Extra Virgin Mobile Unlimited + More Data Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything + International Number of Lines - Any - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Minutes Unlimited Messages: 500 Data Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below. - Any -05KB50MB30MB100MB150MB200MB250MB300MB400MB500MB600MB700MB800MB900MB1GB1.5GB2GB2.5GB3GB4GB5GB6GB7GB8GB10GB12GB14GB15GB16GB18GB20GB25GB30GB32GB35GB40GB50GB60GB80GB100GB120GBUnlimited - Plans Home Phone Savings Pay Less on Home Phone Service popular topics Review: An AirPods review from an audiophile's perspective4 Survey says the iPhone is the most popular gift on 2016 Christmas holiday wish lists1 Hands-on: First impression with AirPods1 Apple to exclusively use Samsung AMOLED panels for its 5.8-inch iPhone next year1 KGI: 2017 iPhone will likely have glass front and back, stainless steel on premium models2 Due to piracy concerns, Super Mario Run will require an internet connection at all times to play1 Apple publishes first research paper focused on AI and advanced image recognition1 Report: AirPods manufacturing to ramp up to meet strong demand1 PhoneDog Sony Xperia X receives Android 7.1.1 through Concept program ASUS ZenFone AR leaks out as new Google Tango phone with Snapdragon 821 Samsung's new Galaxy A (2017) phones have glass backs and octa-core processors ASUS teases new ZenFone with 'world's best processor' Cell Phone Deals January 2017 Digest What's in my Bag CES 2017! VR is fun, but it's not quite "there" yet Android And Me ASUS ZenFone AR leaks reveal new Google ASUS says ‘world’s best processor’ Samsung updates Galaxy A series with Top 5 most popular Android apps from OnePlus delivering Nougat to OnePlus Sprint discounting LG V20 by 50% until Top 10 Android app updates this week: TmoNews T-Mobile band 12 LTE spotted in Kentucky, T-Mobile shares end-of-year network Upcoming T-Mobile Tuesdays is focused T-Mobile will begin pushing update to OnePlus 2 getting OxygenOS 3.5.5 update Next week’s T-Mobile Tuesdays gifts T-Mobile kicks off buy one, get one PhoneDog is one of the largest and most popular interactive mobile news and reviews resource that attracts a community of more than 2.5 million unique visitors each month. The site may have a "cute" name, but it offers up serious editorial content and video reviews that users rely on to make important decisions about their next mobile purchases. PhoneDog Media Family PhoneDog - Cell phone news Android And Me - Google & Android TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog TodaysiPhone - iPhone News & Rumors Company About us In the press Advertising info Jobs & careers Terms of Use Privacy policy Popular iPad iTunes App Reviews Accessory Reviews Research & Shop Buying guide Phone finder Compare plans Phone specials Long distance © 2001-2016 PhoneDog, LLC. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All rights reserved.
International Business Times, India Edition International Business Times, India Edition India US World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Photos Video Search Search Home Technology Smartphones iPhone 6s bursts into flames: Birmingham woman says her Apple phone exploded; is it going the Samsung Galaxy Note 7 way? A shop-worker from the UK has said her recently-bought iPhone 6S "burst into flames" and set on fire the coat she was wearing at the time. Arkadev Ghoshal   December 28, 2016 22:46 IST 5 Shares 5 Shares UK: Birmingham woman says her iPhone 6s 'burst into flames'; is Apple phone going the Samsung Galaxy Note 7 way? [Representational image]Creative Commons In a terrifying turn of events, a shop-worker from Birmingham in the United Kingdom has said her recently-bought Apple iPhone 6S "burst into flames" and set on fire the coat she was wearing at the time. There have been some reports of the iPhone 6 or iPhone 6S exploding or catching fire recently, giving rise to fears that they could go the Samsung Galaxy Note 7 way. There have been alarming reports of iPhones exploding in China, following which a competent authority has ordered Apple to fix the problems. If left unchecked, the problems could lead the iPhone down the path of Samsung Galaxy Note 7, whose explosions all around the globe have resulted it being banned from flights -- both domestic and international -- but also recalled altogether. The recall hit Samsung hard in the smartphone market, greatly denting the trust a lot of loyal customers had put in it. If such a fate befalls Apple's iPhone 6 and iPhone 6s, the company could lose a large chunk of customers -- especially those who have stuck to the iPhone over its several iterations. What happened this time? Retail-worker Antonia Gallagher told the Daily Mail about the incident from November: "I was walking down the road and the phone was in my coat pocket on my right hand side. I heard a popping noise and looked down and it was on fire. There was black smoke coming out of my pocket and I really panicked. I tried to get the phone out but I couldn't because it was so hot, but then it stopped smoking." She added: "It burnt through my clothes and left a hole in my coat and jumper. My jumper was brand new but now it's got a burn in it. The phone doesn't work at all now. I was petrified -- imagine if I was on the phone and it exploded in my face. Or my little sister plays with my phone sometimes and it could have exploded in her hands." Gallagher subsequently contacted Apple about the incident, but had this to say about her experience since then: "They had a look at the phone and said they would get back to me but they didn't, I had to get back in contact with them. They haven't apologised at any stage. They haven't taken any responsibility." Related Apple may 'Make in India', so will iPhones, iPads, Macs get cheaper? Apple finally comes clean on faulty battery in multiple iPhone models; promises to release iOS software patch Apple asked to extend battery replacement program to iPhone 6, 6 Plus and 6s Plus Also read Apple reveals how faulty battery got in to iPhone 6S [Here's how to claim free cell replacement] Back-dated receipts used for Apple iPhone sales after demonetisation: Report Quick Links China Post Comment IBT TV Close Vodafone Foundation helps save mothers’ and children’s lives in one of the world’s worst HIV hotspots Why advertise with us? Latest News Steam winter sale is offering some great discounts 12 hours ago By Aditya Bhat Pre-orders for Nintendo Switch to start from January 12? Rumours say so 12 hours ago By Aditya Bhat Editor's Pick EmDrive: Has the 'impossible' technology started a new space race between US and China? Indian Railways coolies to get provident fund, pension benefits Why advertise with us? most popular Microsoft Surface phone news: Photos gets leaked revealing key features of Windows mobile Microsoft Surface phone is expected to run Windows 10 Mobile and house a Carl Zeiss camera on the back Will Microsoft Windows 10 Mobile users get these features with 2017 update? Check out some rumoured features in the new update of Windows 10 Mobile 2017. Top Sony PS4 games in 2017: 5 titles that are worth waiting for Check out the most anticipated Sony PS4 games due for release in 2017. Android Nougat released to OnePlus 3, 3T series via OTA Since OTA process are carried out in phases, it will take a week or two for Android Nougat to reach OnePlus 3 and S7 series models across world. Pre-orders for Nintendo Switch to start from January 12? Rumours say so Here is what rumours are saying about Nintendo Switch's pre-order date. Has Google gone rogue? Will it be rolling out a new torrent search engine in 2017? Google has made the founder of Torrentz.eu in charge of a project, a report said. Are Call of Duty servers offline now? Login to your online game accounts now and check if the server issues still persist. Steam winter sale is offering some great discounts Here is what the Steam Winter Sale is offering to its users. Photo Gallery Nara Rohit, Sri Vishnu and Appatlo Okadundevadu team visit Devi theatre Telugu movie Appatlo Okadundevadu team theatre coverage press meet at Devi theater, RTC X Roads in Hyderabad. Celebs like Nara Rohit, Sri Vishnu, Saagar K Chandra and others graced the event. Anusha, Raj Kandukuri at Dyavudaa Trailer Launch Telugu movie Dyavudaa Teaser Launch event held at Hyderabad. Celebs like Anusha, Raj Kandukuri, Bhanu, Jai, Sharat, Karunya, Harini, G Harikumar Reddy, Sairam Dasari, Prajwal and others graced the event. India US World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Photos Video About us Advertise with us Brand Terms of service Privacy & Cookie Policy Permission Syndication Careers Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2016 International Business Times, India Edition All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest RSS
Remember Me Albuquerque Journal SUBSCRIBE NOW For only $12 Sign In Search News Sections Latest News Nation/World Front Page Politics Crime Science Education Living Health Roads & Traffic Photos Video Submit a news tip Archives In your community ABQ Metro Santa Fe Rio Rancho New Mexico Crime Map Community Data Property Crime Offenders City Hall with Dan McKay Inside the beltway with Michael Coleman NM Borderlands with Lauren Villagran NM Higher Ed. with Chris Quintana Sports Sections UNM Lobos NMSU Aggies High School Local Pro Teams Boxing/MMA Golf Other Local Go! Outdoor Sports AP NFL Coverage Speak Up! Email to Speak Up! Grammer School on Lobo basketball Rick is Wright on Lobo football Business Sections Success Careers/Jobs Retail Technology Health Care Energy Business Columns Business Outlook Newsletters Retail Roundup with Jessica Dyer Scammed, Etc. with Ellen Marks Entertainment Sections Movie News Dining Movie Listings Arts TV News Music TV Listings Calendar Fetch! (pet pics) Go! Outdoors Special Sections Living Puzzles Comics Reel NM with Adrian Gomez Video Games with Greg Peretti All In with Rozanna Martinez Brews News with Rozanna Martinez & Jessica Dyer Obituaries Sections Profiles Submit an obituary Opinion Sections Editorials Upfront Syndicated columns Guest columns Letters Caption contest Your opinion Send a letter to the editor Submit Speakup Submit Sports Speakup Calendar Add a calendar event Real Estate Open Houses Classifieds Real Estate Open Houses Garage sales Legals Place an ad Jobs Look for a job Browse by category Employer directory Post a job Cars Build a new vehicle Compare vehicles Research vehicles Auto reviews Subscribe Success! — Manage subscriptions Sign up for our Newsletters 41° Share Can Alexa help solve a murder? Police think so – but Amazon won’t give up her data. By Amy B Wang / The Washington Post Published: Wednesday, December 28th, 2016 at 10:24am Updated: Wednesday, December 28th, 2016 at 10:24am .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... When police responded to a home in Bentonville, Arkansas, one Sunday morning last November, they discovered Victor Collins’s dead body in the backyard. Police records describe a grim scene: Collins’s body was floating face up in a hot tub, and his left eye and lips dark and swollen. The resident who had called 911, James A. Bates, told police that he and a few work buddies, including Collins, had stayed up the night before watching football and drinking. Bates agreed to let two of them crash at his house, he told police, then went to bed. Shortly after he awoke, he claimed he spotted Collins’s lifeless body in the spa. Upon further investigation, however, police began suspecting foul play: Broken knobs and bottles, as well as blood spots around the tub, suggested there had been a struggle. A few days later, the Arkansas chief medical examiner ruled Collins’s death a homicide – and police obtained a search warrant for Bates’s home. Advertisement Continue reading Inside, detectives discovered a bevy of “smart home” devices, including a Nest thermometer, a Honeywell alarm system, a wireless weather monitoring system and an Amazon Echo. Police seized the Echo and served a warrant to Amazon, noting in the affidavit there was “reason to believe that Amazon.com is in possession of records related to a homicide investigation being conducted by the Bentonville Police Department.” That warrant threw a wrinkle into what might have been a traditional murder investigation, as first reported by the Information, a news site that covers the technology industry. While police have long seized computers, cellphones and other electronics to investigate crimes, this case has raised fresh questions about privacy issues regarding devices like the Amazon Echo or the Google Home, voice-activated personal command centers that are constantly “listening.” Namely, is there a difference in the reasonable expectation of privacy one should have when dealing with a device that is “always on” in one’s own home? The Echo is equipped with seven microphones and responds to a “wake word,” most commonly “Alexa.” When it detects the wake word, it begins streaming audio to the cloud, including a fraction of a second of audio before the wake word, according to the Amazon website. A recording and transcription of the audio is logged and stored in the Amazon Alexa app and must be manually deleted later. For instance, if you asked your Echo, “Alexa, what is the weather right now?” you could later go back to the app to find out exactly what time that question was asked. (Amazon makes the Echo, and Jeff Bezos is the chief executive of Amazon and owner of The Washington Post.) Police did not specify what data they expected to find on Bates’s Echo – nor is it clear what the device could have captured that would have been relevant to the case. Only if someone happened to have triggered his device with its wake word would it have begun recording any audio. Even then, it seems unlikely that audio would be conclusive evidence of an alleged murder. At least part of the search warrant indicated police may not have had a full understanding of how the Echo worked. Advertisement Continue reading “The Amazon Echo device is constantly listening for the ‘wake’ command of ‘Alexa’ or Amazon,’ and records any command, inquiry, or verbal gesture given after that point, or possibly at all times without the ‘wake word’ being issued, which is uploaded to Amazon.com’s servers at a remote location,” the affidavit read in part. “It is believed that these records are retained by Amazon.com and that they are evidence related to the case under investigation.” That allegation – that the Echo is possibly recording at all times without the “wake word” being issued – is incorrect, according to an Amazon spokesperson. The device is constantly listening but not recording, and nothing is streamed to or stored in the cloud without the wake word being detected. Amazon, for its part, has refused to comply with the warrants, according to court records. A company spokeswoman said she could not comment on this specific case. “Amazon will not release customer information without a valid and binding legal demand properly served on us,” a company spokeswoman said in an email to The Post. “Amazon objects to overbroad or otherwise inappropriate demands as a matter of course.” The case and its implications are reminiscent of one earlier this year, in which the FBI demanded Apple’s help in cracking an iPhone belonging to terrorists who opened fire at a work party last December and killed 14 people in San Bernardino, California. Apple refused to comply, and the FBI ended up paying professional hackers to crack the phone. As The Post’s Hayley Tsukayama reported in May: — Advertisement Continue reading The ensuing debate drove a wedge between Silicon Valley and Washington, as the tech industry, already wary of government surveillance, rushed to rally behind Apple. Amazon joined Microsoft, Google and a dozen other tech firms when it filed a legal brief supporting Apple’s position in March. “[The] government’s order to Apple exceeds the bounds of existing law and, when applied more broadly, will harm Americans’ security in the long run,” the filing said. — In the midst of that public fight, Bezos said Amazon was among the many tech companies backing up Apple – and that they were embracing technology that would make it difficult for government officials to access any personal information on its devices, even when those authorities have a warrant. A Bentonville police spokesman did not return a call requesting comment Tuesday. Bates, who was charged with first-degree murder, pleaded not guilty in April and has been out on bail, court records show. His trial is set to begin in 2017. Bates’s defense attorney, Kimberly Weber, told the Information she was alarmed by the police request of Amazon, which she viewed as an invasion of her client’s privacy. “You have an expectation of privacy in your home, and I have a big problem that law enforcement can use the technology that advances our quality of life against us,” Weber told the news site. Undeterred by Amazon’s refusal to turn over Bates’s Echo data, detectives sought the help of a far closer source: the Bentonville utilities department. According to police records, a city utility billing and collections manager told detectives that, on the night of Collins’s death, 140 gallons of water were used at Bates’s home between 1 and 3 a.m., an amount of water usage that exceeded all other periods there since October 2013. “In comparison, while all four [men] were together earlier that evening, they never used more than 10 gallons of water in an hour,” police reports said. “The amount of water used between 0100-0300 hours was consistent with spraying down the back patio area, which may have resulted in the wet concrete patterns observed on the morning of November 22nd.” The utility department’s source? Each home in Bentonville was on a smart meter, police were told, to measure and record the exact consumption of electricity and water every hour. tech-crime Share Tweet LinkedIn Email Print Subscribe More News Suggested Stories: UPDATED: ABQ Nonprofit Owner Arrested in Body Parts Case – Apr 1, 2010 Police are investigating death of Roswell man as homicide – Jul 18, 2016 Alexa a witness to murder? Prosecutors seek Amazon Echo data – Dec 28, 2016 Alexa a witness to murder? Prosecutors seek Amazon Echo data – Dec 28, 2016 Advertisement Comments Subscribe to the Journal for only $12. QUICK LINKS Home Search Weather Archives Puzzles Comics CONTACT THE JOURNAL Staff directory Submit a news tip 505-823-3800 Send a letter to the editor Submit an obituary Advertise in the Journal SUBSCRIBER SERVICES Account services Subscribe to the Journal Recover username/password 505-823-4400 Access our archives Place a classified ad Privacy policy RELATED SITES & PARTNERS Journal Rewards Puzzles News in Education Mountain View Telegraph Rio Rancho Observer Valencia News-Bulletin El Defensor Chieftain Kirtland AFB Nucleus Copyright © 2017 Albuquerque Journal | Albuquerque, N.M. TOP |
null
Skip Your browser does not support HTML5 video. Menu Technology Leadership Magazine Most Innovative Companies Most Creative People Video News Subscribe Collections The Most Innovative Companies The top 50 companies in entertainment, media, sports, technology, and more. Most Creative People Meet this year's inspiring leaders. Innovation By Design A showcase for ingenious design solutions. World Changing Ideas New workplaces, new food sources, new medicine—even an entirely new economic system. Progress Is Possible See how these entrepreneurs reinvented themselves to achieve progress. Created for and commissioned by Principal Financial Out of Office With Industry leaders offer a glimpse of their lives outside of the office--and how these experiences have helped to get them where they are today. Creative Conversations Creative dialogue can reinvent your business, your brand, and your career. Join Fast Company on a multi-platform exploration of the art of conversation. Mind and Machine Computers are getting smart--very smart. Fast Company explains the complex and increasingly influential world of artificial intelligence and machine learning. It’s Good Not To Be Home A collaboration to elevate and enhance the Hyatt Regency hotel experience. Master Class How the top talent from creative fields get work done. Fast Forward Created for and commissioned by Workday. Startup Report The up-and-coming companies that are disrupting industries. Innovation Agents Profiles of the high-level business leaders behind progressive, creative, and innovative organizations Tech Forecast A roundup of breaking tech news, products, and services featuring the most important takeaways. Current Issue Subscribe Follow Fast Company We’ll come to you. 4 minute read Robot Revolution It's On! 2017 Is The Year The Virtual Assistant Wars Get Real Amazon's Alexa, Google's Assistant, and Microsoft's Cortana look to hardware partnerships and development deals to take on Apple's Siri. Amazon Tap and Ask [Photo: courtesy of Amazon] Jared Newman 12.28.16 12:00 PM The tech industry's titans have been preparing for an all-out virtual assistant war in 2017—and it'll be fought by Apple's Siri, Amazon's Alexa, Google's Assistant and maybe even Microsoft's Cortana. Their AI helpers are getting better at talking to other apps and services, and they're starting to pop up on other companies' hardware, so you'll no longer need an iPhone, WIndows PC, Amazon Echo, or Google Home speaker to interact with them. The goal is not just to win consumer market share—that'll come later—but to establish AI ecosystems with widespread device and developer support. Just like the mobile platform wars that saw iOS and Android triumph over BlackBerry and Windows Phone, tech companies have kicked off a land grab to ensure their virtual assistants stay relevant. Here's a look at where things stand: Branching Out Virtual assistants used to live inside their own bubbles. Google could deliver search results from the open web, but couldn't interact directly with third-party apps and services. Siri could gather information from a handful of external services such as Yelp or Rotten Tomatoes, but was mostly cut off from other apps. Over the last year or so, virtual assistants have gotten better at connecting. Amazon launched a "Skills Kit" for Alexa in mid-2015, letting developers create their own voice commands, and some Windows apps started to support Cortana voice commands. Siri begin to work with a range of third-party apps in iOS 10, and Google opened its Assistant to developers earlier this month. That's not to say they all work the same way. Siri, for instance, only supports a handful of uses, including audio or video calling, messaging, payments, photo search, workouts, and ride booking. (Smart home controls are supported as well, but only for devices in the HomeKit ecosystem.) Apple also controls the flow of conversation, with apps providing just the data and some visuals. While Apple's strict control limits what users can do with Siri, it also reduces the odds of an interaction gone awry. Amazon is building a similar system for certain uses, including smart home controls and to-do lists, but in the meantime it's also letting developers build pretty much whatever they want. As such, Amazon now boasts around 5,000 third-party Alexa skills, but there's a downside: Most of them require highly specific syntax to activate. (One example: Users must say "Alexa, ask Domino's to track my order" instead of "Alexa, where's my pizza?") Google, meanwhile, is trying to split the difference between these approaches. Like Apple, Google will play a gatekeeper role, deciding which keywords can activate a specific third-party service. But once the user speaks an approved keyword, the developer takes over the interaction, using AI tools such as API.ai to carry out a conversation. As for Microsoft, its plans are a bit hazier. Although Cortana already works with third-party apps in Windows 10, a new system for non-Windows devices (such as Cortana-enabled speaker systems) won't launch until February. And while Microsoft says developers will be able to "repurpose code from their existing Alexa skills to create Cortana skills," the company also mentions being able to "proactively present skills to users in the appropriate context." Perhaps Cortana will offer additional information or services in the middle of a conversation, which is something other assistants aren't doing yet. Hardware Everywhere Virtual assistants aren't just competing for developers' attention. Tech companies are also trying to woo third-party hardware makers as their AI expands beyond phones, computers, and connected speakers. The hope is that their assistants will always be within earshot, even when a smartphone isn't handy. The challenges here are twofold: Hardware makers need a simple path to creating voice-controlled products, and they need software support for the specific types of products they're creating. To help launch new hardware, Amazon and chip maker Conexant recently started to offer hardware developer kits that allow companies to quickly start prototyping new products with hands-free voice controls. A process for commercializing those prototypes is also in the works. Google is going a step further with Android Things, a new initiative that's part software tools and part ready-made development hardware with all the basic components and FCC certifications. Android Things devices can then tie into Google's Weave communications platform, which includes Google Assistant capabilities. Chip maker NXP, for instance, is one of the companies offering development boards, and plans to have a module with voice support that hardware makers can easily build into their products. Microsoft also wants to encourage third-party Cortana devices and has announced speaker maker Harmon Kardon as an early partner. Details are a bit hazy, but a "Cortana Devices SDK" is on the way, and it'll support devices running Android, Linux, and Windows 10 IoT. Once the hardware tools are in place, we'll start to see more specialized software. You can imagine, for instance, Alexa offering new categories of voice commands for alarm clocks, cars, and intercoms, and assistants that know how to pass a conversation between devices as you move through the house. Where does Apple fit into all of this? So far, the company hasn't announced any plans to put Siri in third-party hardware (unless you count automobiles that support CarPlay), but Apple may not feel like it has to. It already makes the most popular smartphone, and the Apple Watch is the only voice-controlled smartwatch to have achieved any sort of mass market success. Apple may think it can achieve virtual assistant ubiquity without any outside help, especially if it releases a proper Amazon Echo competitor as rumored. It's hard to say how quickly third-party developers and device makers will adopt these virtual assistants, but the stage is now set for a major push in 2017. Once you see tech executives start bragging about the size of their AI ecosystems, you'll know the war is in full swing. Related Video: How AI And Phone Chat Bring Services And Your Friends Together Never miss a story. Sign up for the Fast Company newsletter and get the best stories delivered to your inbox daily. Send I'd also like to receive special Fast Company offers Advertise Privacy Policy Terms About Us Fast Company & Inc © 2017 Mansueto Ventures, LLC
Business With a cue from Apple, Mag Mile retail expands south Retail expands south on Michigan Avenue Retail is expanding to the southern portion of the Magnificent Mile, propelled in part by the new Apple store going in on the river. Some experts expect the Mag Mile to jump the river, with retailers trying to capitalize on foot traffic between Millennium Park and the river. Retail is expanding to the southern portion of the Magnificent Mile, propelled in part by the new Apple store going in on the river. Some experts expect the Mag Mile to jump the river, with retailers trying to capitalize on foot traffic between Millennium Park and the river. Ally MarottiContact ReporterChicago Tribune The Magnificent Mile's retail corridor is expanding south on Michigan Avenue, and Apple is paving the way with its new store, targeted to open in October. The $27 million store is being built along the southern border of Pioneer Court at 401 N. Michigan, with its entrance overlooking the riverwalk. Once completed, the glass-enclosed store could be a tourist attraction and create a center of gravity close to the river. Expectations for vacant retail space surrounding the store are high, with some landlords waiting to lease until they know how rents will react. "There's a very big expectation that Apple will be a major driver of traffic and in turn, retail will want to surround it," said David Stone, president of Stone Real Estate Corp. "The question is when and if (those expectations) will be realized." The epicenter of Michigan Avenue shopping has long been the north end, bolstered by the malls at 900 N. Michigan and Water Tower Place. That end of the avenue still draws the highest rents. Average rent rates between Oak Street and Chicago Avenue, including space in malls, are $379 per square foot, according to data from commercial real estate firm Newmark Grubb Knight Frank. Chicago's new riverfront Apple store will cost $27 million, not $62 million Ally Marotti It turns out the new Apple store going up on North Michigan Avenue along the Chicago River is going to cost far less than the company initially reported. A building permit submitted to the city at the end of October put the price of the glass-enclosed store at $62 million, not including permit fees.... It turns out the new Apple store going up on North Michigan Avenue along the Chicago River is going to cost far less than the company initially reported. A building permit submitted to the city at the end of October put the price of the glass-enclosed store at $62 million, not including permit fees.... (Ally Marotti) That drops to $350 per square foot between Chicago and Ontario Street, and to $330 per square foot between Ontario and the river. Until about three years ago, bag-toting shoppers rarely ventured far enough south to see the river, said Gregory Kirsch, executive managing director at Newmark Grubb Knight Frank. "This end of the avenue was never retail," said Kirsch, standing in front of a window at 430 N. Michigan plastered with a "Leased" sign. "No one would go past Nordstrom. That's starting to change." Kirsch is leasing agent for the retail portion of the Wrigley Building, exhibit No. 1 in the retail expansion south. The historic building has transformed since the chewing gum company's headquarters left in 2012, renovating its outdoor areas and adding a Peet's Coffee & Tea and a two-story Ghirardelli Chocolate shop. With Dylan's Candy Bar across the street, which opened in 2014, that stretch of Michigan Avenue is effectively sandwiched by sweets. Ulta Beauty plans to move into the 11,500-square-foot store at 430 N. Michigan, which has been vacant since Walgreens moved to the Wrigley Building in 2014. Apple store site Jose M. Osorio / Chicago Tribune The future Apple store is under construction Dec. 2, 2016, at Michigan Avenue and the Chicago River. The store is targeted to open in October. The future Apple store is under construction Dec. 2, 2016, at Michigan Avenue and the Chicago River. The store is targeted to open in October. (Jose M. Osorio / Chicago Tribune) "It's a landmark spot within the city, the area is buzzing with foot traffic and it presents a wonderful opportunity to interact with and attract new guests," Ulta Chief Financial Officer Scott Settersten said in a statement. Next door, the Wrigley Building has available ground floor retail space, including the storefront vacated by Joel Oppenheimer Gallery, which had been a mainstay in the building for 20 years. And across the street, Tribune Tower's new owner, Los Angeles-based developer CIM Group, has plans to transform that historic property into a mixed-use redevelopment. Zeller Realty Group, owner of the property Apple is building on and a minority owner of the Wrigley Building, also has first-floor retail vacancy in 401 N. Michigan. "Tenancy and landlords have been waiting a little bit because everyone knows that something very different and dramatic is going to happen on the Tribune properties and ... (with) Apple," said Zeller Realty Corp. President Ari Glass. Wrigley Building Jose M. Osorio / Chicago Tribune Retail space is advertised for lease at the Wrigley Building on Michigan Avenue on Dec. 2, 2016, in Chicago. The Apple store under construction across the street is creating new expectations for vacant retail space. Retail space is advertised for lease at the Wrigley Building on Michigan Avenue on Dec. 2, 2016, in Chicago. The Apple store under construction across the street is creating new expectations for vacant retail space. (Jose M. Osorio / Chicago Tribune) On the bank opposite the Wrigley Building sits the 452-room LondonHouse, which opened this year in the historic London Guarantee and Accident Building. The luxury hotel stretches from the third floor to the rooftop, sitting atop two floors of vacant retail space at the corner of Wacker Drive and Michigan. Developer Oxford Capital Group is deploying patience in filling the space, said John Rutledge, founder, president and CEO of the Chicago-based company. It's in advanced negotiations to fill some of the space, but Rutledge won't say with whom. He expects the Mag Mile retail expansion to jump the river, and push toward Millennium Park, the catalyst that set this retail expansion in motion. It draws millions of tourists every year, many of whom strut through that stretch of the avenue on their way from the park to the shops. Vacant retail space peppers that corridor. In addition to the space at LondonHouse, storefronts at 200 and 300 N. Michigan are advertising openings. "We're in the middle of a pretty significant transition and Apple's a meaningful part of that," Rutledge said. "That will only help rents and momentum." Starbucks senses that momentum. It opened two new stores in that stretch — one on either side of the street at 200 and 333 N. Michigan this year. Retail space Jose M. Osorio / Chicago Tribune Retail space is available under the Blackhawks shop on the 300 block of North Michigan Avenue on Dec. 2, 2016, in Chicago. The Magnificent Mile's retail expansion is spreading south along the street. Retail space is available under the Blackhawks shop on the 300 block of North Michigan Avenue on Dec. 2, 2016, in Chicago. The Magnificent Mile's retail expansion is spreading south along the street. (Jose M. Osorio / Chicago Tribune) The coffee giant is betting there is enough traffic along that stretch that it wants to capture both sides of the street, said Todd Siegel, senior vice president at Chicago real estate firm CBRE. "That's a cue for all these other retailers," he said. Retailers won't cross the river overnight. Siegel predicts restaurants will come first. It'll take at least a year, maybe two, before the retailers make it over. "Retailers are getting savvy to the trend that's pushing south," he said. "The risk of making on a move on that prediction is less risky and somewhat mitigated when folks like Apple put the shovel in the sand." amarotti@chicagotribune.com Twitter @AllyMarotti Copyright © 2017, Chicago Tribune Mag Mile seeing changes along with record-high rents Michigan Avenue south of river coming into its own Michigan Avenue classic comes back to life with a 21st century twist Breaking Sports Trending Opinion Suburbs Entertainment Business Advertising 39°
null
Toggle Subscribe Search Fashion Entertainment Beauty My Life Wellness 21 Under 21 Toggle Close Submit Fashion Entertainment Beauty My Life Wellness Insider Log In Register Subscribe Sign Up for newsletter Subscribe Sign up for our newsletter Email Enter your birthday to completeMonth of birthMonthJanFebMarAprMayJunJulAugSepOctNovDecDay of birthDay01020304050607080910111213141516171819202122232425262728293031Year of birth Tech The Best Tech Releases of 2016 From Instagram Stories to Snapchat Spectacles, see the 13 best tech releases and updates of 2016. Kate DwyerDec 28, 2016 11:53AM EST Facebook Twitter Pinterest Facebook Twitter Pinterest facebook dialog PinterestInstagram / @snapchatspectacle 2016 was a lot of things, but boring it wasn’t. In the tech world, that’s mostly thanks to the new platforms working themselves into the news cycle and the products making our lives more interesting by the day. There was, of course, the massive Apple product launch this fall, which brought us the iPhone 7, Apple Watch Series 2, and redesigned MacBook Pro. It goes without saying that those launches were nothing short of revolutionary — between the headphone jack controversy and the MacBook’s TouchBar replacing the function keys, Apple set the bar high. But aside from Apple and its move toward a wireless future, a few trends emerged in tech this year: the ephemeral slideshow format pioneered by Snapchat, live-streaming, a return to analog formats, encryption and everyday cybersecurity, and virtual/mixed/augmented reality. It was a pretty groundbreaking year in tech, so here are some of our favorite 2016 launches and how we expect them to influence 2017. Instagram Stories In August, Instagram copied Snapchat and launched Instagram Stories, which uses Snap’s signature ephemeral slideshow format in the Instagram app. This was great news for influencers with a ton of Instagram followers, but not-so-great-news for Snapchat aficionados. Now, Instagram’s parent company Facebook has built a Snapchat-esque platform into Messenger, so only time will tell how much further tech companies plan to explore the format. Facebook Live Okay, technically Facebook Live launched in 2015, but it was a key player in 2016’s news cycle. Shailene Woodley used the platform to broadcast her arrest at Standing Rock, and Donald Trump used it at the last presidential debate to gauge interest for a possible Trump TV station. Philando Castile’s girlfriend Diamond Reynolds used Facebook Live to stream the aftermath of his shooting by police, and citizen journalists have used it to capture incidents of police brutality throughout the year as well as hate crimes following Trump’s election. Now, Instagram also offers live streaming, and Twitter has integrated live video into their app as well. Loading View on Instagram Snap Inc. Spectacles Spectacles are the first product released by Snap Inc., the self-described “camera company” and soon-to-be-public corporation responsible for the revolutionary Snapchat app. Spectacles are wonky sunglasses with cameras built into the corners of the lenses, and you can post the content you capture directly onto your Snapchat story. Using limited-supply vending machines sprinkled across the country, Snap Inc. created artificial demand around the much-hyped product release, with some fans waiting hours on line in NYC just to grab a pair. (Full disclosure: we still don’t have them!) Loading View on Instagram Rifle Paper Co. + Chatbooks A new collaboration between whimsical stationary giant Rifle Paper Co. and photo book startup Chatbooks allows you return to the good old days, and transform your social feeds into custom photo albums. Using the Chatbooks app, you can select photos using Instagram, Facebook, or iPhone Library photos, and assemble them within a Rifle binding for around $15. Or, you can subscribe to Chatbooks and receive printouts of your social photos for $8 per 30 photos. Loading View on Instagram The Impossible Project I-1 Camera After the last Polaroid factory close in 2008, Swedish photography company The Impossible Project bought all of the manufacturing equipment to continue to produce the classic cameras and instant film. (Nowadays, people tend to confuse the Impossible Project with Polaroid, because its cameras still contain Polaroid branding.) But in May, the company unveiled its own camera, which is essentially a Polaroid updated for the modern age. Even though it’s analog (meaning it takes film), the camera features a circle of LED lights to soften the flash, a viewfinder on top inside of on the side, and an autofocus system. Oh, and you can control it with your iPhone or Apple Watch. Loading View on Instagram Pokémon Go Though most of the buzz has died down, Pokémon Go was the app of the summer, with parks, schools, and college campuses swarmed with gamers on the hunt for the teeny monsters. Like Snapchat’s face filters, the app signaled the arrival of mixed reality technology for a mainstream audience, because the app allowed fans to fuse their world with the game’s world using an iPhone camera. Based on the app’s runaway success, it’s safe to say we’ll be seeing more augmented reality games and experiences in 2017. Loading View on Instagram VSCO's redesign Instagram users’ favorite photo-editing app got a major redesign this year, and changed its name from “VCSO Cam” to simply “VSCO.” Microsoft Selfie In January, Microsoft launched Microsoft Selfie, a free selfie-editing app that uses facial recognition software to smooth blemishes, brighten skin, and improve color balance. It also offers intelligent filters, expediting the photo-editing process. Loading View on Instagram Signal Encrypted Messaging Signal launched in 2014, but 2016 introduced it to an audience beyond journalists and cybersecurity specialists. Following Donald Trump’s election, the Signal messaging app saw a 400% spike in downloads, BuzzFeed reported in November. The reason? Moxie Marlinspike, the app’s founder, said, “People are maybe a little bit uncomfortable” with the fact that “Trump is about to be put in control of the most pervasive, largest, and least accountable surveillance infrastructure in the world.” Signal is a free encrypted messaging service, allowing you to make calls and send text messages to your contacts (who also have the app) without the fear of getting hacked. It’s end-to-end encrypted, which means that the service scrambles your information so it can’t be intercepted on the way to its recipient. Newsflash: most messages you send are not encrypted — Facebook Messenger and Google Allo offer encrypted modes, but not by default. WhatsApp is encrypted, but retains metadata on conversations (i.e. phone numbers, times, dates). Signal is 100% secure, and pioneered the tech for other apps’ encrypted modes. There’s no reason for you not to have it, so go ahead and download it. iOS 10 iOS 10 doesn’t get enough credit. This latest version comes with two-factor authorization — meaning it’s hip to all the latest cyber security trends — plus the Apple TV app and nearly 100 new emojis. Did we mention the emojis? This year was basically the year of emoji diversity, with our favorite icons becoming available with race and gender customization. Plus, women got to be represented as more than brides and princesses, with two new rollouts of emojified occupations. Plus, iOS 10 gave our iMessages a major upgrade. Loading View on Instagram Ricoh Theta S 360 Camera Now that Facebook and YouTube support 360-degree content, creators need the equipment to capture it. This handy camera captures up to 25 minutes of continuous 360-degree video. Loading View on Instagram Oculus Rift This year, we got to test most of the virtual reality products on the market, and the Oculus Rift was the best by a long shot. The high resolution and sound quality the . (This writer literally got vertigo atop a virtual mountain.) However, the Rift is not necessarily affordable for everyone. Plus, the availability of Oculus content is still behind the capabilities of the hardware, despite the technology launching in March. With VR content startups catching the eyes of venture capital firms, we can expect more content to arrive in 2017, so hopefully it will catch on next year. Loading View on Instagram Google Daydream View While the Oculus Rift was our favorite VR this year, Google Daydream was also pretty great, especially when you consider its fun approach. Instead of a remote molded to your hand like a video game controller, the Daydream View uses a remote like a mouse, with a trackpad on top and a few buttons. The picture rivals the Oculus, but less than $100, it’s VR for beginners, allowing you to watch videos on YouTube and play games in a handful of apps. It has a cozy knit exterior, and uses a Daydream-enabled phone as a screen. But what is perhaps its biggest selling point is also the catch: you need a Daydream-enabled smartphone to use it, and right now, those include the Google Pixel and the Moto Z. Related: Instagram Stories Just Got FIVE Major Updates follow us Facebook Twitter Pinterest Recommended for You Follow:FacebookTwitterInstagramPinterestWe Heart ItTumblrYouTubeGoogle Plustoggle social menu Condé Nast Condé Nast Websites Allure Ars Technica Backchannel Bon Appétit Brides Condé Nast Traveler Epicurious Glamour Golf Digest Golf World GQ GQ Style Pitchfork Self Style Teen Vogue The New Yorker The Scene Vanity Fair Vogue W Wired Site MapContact usNewsletter SignupSubscriptionsIn this issue CareersCondé Nast StoreReprints/PermissionsParsons x TeenVogue Accessibility Help Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy (Revised 1/2/2014).  Teen Vogue may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers.  Your California Privacy Rights. Teen Vogue © 2017 Condé Nast Digital. All rights reserved. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast Digital. Ad Choices. Related My LifeSnapchat Is Getting Sued Over Sexually Charged Post… My LifeSnapchat Might Be Getting a MAJOR Makeover My LifeInstagram Stories Just Added One of Your Favorite S…
null
the economist Topics down icon Sections Latest updates Britain Europe United States The Americas Middle East and Africa Asia China International Business Finance and economics Science and technology Books and arts Obituaries Leaders Debate Media The Economist apps Economist Films Economist Radio Audio edition Blogs Buttonwood's notebook Erasmus Game theory Gulliver The Economist explains Bagehot's notebook Democracy in America Free exchange Graphic detail ProsperoPrint edition More down icon Apps & Digital Editions The Economist apps Espresso Global Business Review World in Figures Other Publications 1843 Magazine The World In The World If Media Economist Films Economist Radio Audio edition From The Economist Group Events Jobs Board Which MBA Executive Education Navigator GMAT tutor GRE tutor Learning.ly The Economist Store Subscribe user iconLog in or registerManage subscription down icon Log in New to The Economist? Register now Activate your digital subscription Manage your subscription Renew your subscription magnifier iconSearch hamburger icon close icon Topics up icon Latest updates Britain Europe United States The Americas Middle East and Africa Asia China International Business Finance and economics Science and technology Books and arts Obituaries Leaders Debate Blogs up icon Buttonwood's notebook Erasmus Game theory Gulliver The Economist explains Bagehot's notebook Democracy in America Free exchange Graphic detail Prospero Print Edition The Economist apps Economist Films Economist Radio Audio edition More up icon The Economist apps Espresso Global Business Review World in Figures Events Jobs Board Which MBA Executive Education Navigator GMAT tutor GRE tutor Learning.ly The Economist StoreSubscribe Christmas issue 2016  It’s a-me!How Super Mario became a global cultural icon A pudgy Italian plumber who lives in America, was conceived in Japan and is loved throughout the world print-edition icon From the print edition | Christmas SpecialsDec 24th 2016, 00:00 twitter icon facebook icon more iconMore linkedin icon googleplus icon mail icon print icon purchase-rights icon THE izakaya has a name, but it cannot be published. Its location is a closely guarded secret. Entry is restricted to members—celebrities, media types and otaku, a particularly devoted kind of pop-culture geek. They do not come for the food, though it is excellent, nor for the drinks, which are well mixed. They come for Toru “Chokan” Hashimoto, the Nintendo alumnus who runs the place, and for his friends and their memories. On one wall is a sketch of Pikachu, a popular character in Pokémon games, drawn by its creators when they dropped by. On another is the original sheet music from a classic Nintendo game, a gift from the composer. Front and centre is a drawing of Mario signed by Shigeru Miyamoto. Mario, an extravagantly mustachioed Italian-American plumber from Brooklyn, is Mr Miyamoto’s most famous creation. He is also the foundation of Nintendo’s fortunes; David Gibson, an analyst at Macquarie Securities, a broker, reckons that his antics account for a third of the company’s software sales over the past ten years. Games in which he features have sold over 500m copies worldwide. His image appears on everything: not just T-shirts and mugs, but solid gold pendants. At the closing ceremony of the Rio Olympic games, Shinzo Abe, the prime minister of Japan, made his grand entrance dressed as the chubby plumber. Some of the worldwide audience was doubtless bemused. But most, surely, smiled the way that one must when something is both unexpected and utterly fitting. In what better guise could Japan have welcomed the world to Tokyo, venue of the next summer games, than as the world’s most recognised everyman? Eating at a Singapore restaurant soon after, Mr Abe was recognised by fellow diners. Look, they whispered to each other, it’s Mario. “Donkey Kong”, the game in which Mario first appeared, was born of failure. In 1980 Nintendo, a toy company, was trying to break into America’s $8bn arcade-game market. But “Radar Scope”, the “Space Invaders” knock-off on which the company had pinned its hopes, was a flop. Hiroshi Yamauchi, Nintendo’s patriarch, gave Mr Miyamoto the job of making it into something better. Yamauchi had hired Mr Miyamoto as the company’s first staff artist three years before. Mr Miyamoto had not been terribly keen on a corporate job. Nintendo had had no need for a staff artist. But Mr Miyamoto’s father arranged a meeting between them, and Yamauchi took a liking to the shaggy-haired young man with a taste for cartoons and bluegrass music. The first idea for the “Radar Scope” makeover was to draw in the audience by licensing Popeye, a sailor man, to act as the game’s main character. But the licensing deal fell through, and Mr Miyamoto had to invent a new character from scratch. In doing so he had a pretty free rein. The game’s plot—hero rescues girl from gorilla—did not require back story or motivation from its protagonist. Mostly, he just jumped. Mr Miyamoto wanted his character to be a regular guy in a regular job, so he made him a chubby, middle-aged manual worker—originally, a carpenter. Some design decisions were dictated by the technical limitations of low-resolution displays: the hero got a bushy moustache so that there would be something separating his nose from his chin; he got a hat because hair presents problems when your character has to fit in a grid just 16 pixels on a side; he got bright clothes so they would stand out against the black background. His name was an afterthought. Top billing on the game was always going to go to the gorilla. (“Kong”, in the context, was more or less a given; “Donkey” was found by consulting a Japanese-English dictionary for a word meaning silly or stupid.) The protagonist was simply called “Jumpman” for the one thing he was good at. But Minoru Arakawa, the boss of Nintendo in America, wanted a more marketable name. Around that time, writes David Sheff in “Game Over”, an authoritative account of Nintendo’s rise, Mr Arakawa was visited at Nintendo’s warehouse outside Seattle by an irate landlord demanding prompt payment. He was called Mario Segale, and he had a moustache. Thus does destiny call. “Donkey Kong” was a colossal hit. Nintendo had shifted just 1,000 “Radar Scope” arcade cabinets in America; in its first two years “Donkey Kong” sold more than 60,000. Sequels followed, including, in 1983, “Mario Bros.”, in which the game moved to the sewers of New York. Mario traded in his notional hammer for a figurative wrench and became a plumber; he also gained a brother, Luigi. Let’s-a go! In the same year Nintendo released the Family Computer, or Famicom, in Japan. The maroon-and-white console, which allowed gamers to play arcade titles in their own homes, was a massive hit. Mr Hashimoto, who joined the company in 1984 (and now runs that secret Tokyo bar) says demand was so intense that engineers from Nintendo’s Kyoto headquarters were sent to stores to help with sales. By 1985 two in every five households in Japan had one. “He doesn’t do much plumbing, or talk about his heritage” In 1985 Famicom was released in America as the Nintendo Entertainment System, with “Super Mario Bros.” included in the price. The new game revolved around Mario’s quest to rescue Princess Peach from Bowser, a giant evil turtle. But if the set-up of damsel distressed by unfeasibly large animal seemed familiar, very little else did. The game took place under a clear blue sky at a time when most games were played on a space-y black background. Mario ate magic mushrooms that made him bigger, or “Super”, and jaunted from place to place through green pipes. “Super Mario Bros.” offered an entire world to explore, replete with mushroom traitors (“Goombas”), turtle soldiers (“Koopa Troopas”) and man-eating flora (“Piranha Plants”). It was full of hidden tricks and levels. It was like nothing anybody had ever seen. Mr Miyamoto called it “a grand culmination”, taking the best elements of gameplay from Nintendo’s other titles to produce something that invited hours of immersion and lots of return visits. Children—and their parents—lost days of their lives inside Mr Miyamoto’s kingdom. “Super Mario Bros.” sold 40m copies and the Mario franchise never looked back; it went on to produce more than 200 games, several television shows and one memorably lousy movie. By 1990 American children were more familiar with Mario than with Mickey Mouse. In the 1990s and 2000s Nintendo continued to be a profitable maker of games, home consoles and hand-held gaming systems. To begin with, it was highly admired as such. In 1991, the president of Apple Computer, when asked which computer company he feared the most, replied “Nintendo”. The two companies were in some ways similar. Just as Apple’s operating systems are made available only on phones and laptops that it designs and sells, Mario and his extended family could be found only on Nintendo’s hardware. That strategy, combined with the company’s policy of appealing to the mass market of families and casual gamers—rather than the smaller niche of “hard-core” gamers targeted by its rivals—made Nintendo a big success through the 2000s. But where Apple kept innovating, creating whole new categories of product, Nintendo brought out only one big innovation; its Wii console, released in 2006, which liberated living-room game players from the couch and let them use more than just their thumbs. The original Wii was a hit. But soon one of Apple’s new categories of product cut the Japanese company’s world out from under it. The iPhone and its successors saw casual gamers abandon dedicated devices for mobile phones. By 2012—five years after the launch of the iPhone and, not coincidentally, the first year in its history as a public company that Nintendo posted a loss—the market for games on mobiles was already worth $13.3bn, about half as much as the market for home consoles and hand-held gaming systems. By 2018, reckons Macquarie’s Mr Gibson, it could be worth half as much again as the market for dedicated gaming consoles. Nintendo has released only one new console in the iPhone era, the Wii U. It flopped. It has made some wonderful new games, such as “Splatoon”, a critical and commercial success, which came out in 2015. But with console sales sluggish, few new gamers ever encounter them. “Switch”, a hardware offering Nintendo will release in spring 2017, does double duty as a home console and a hand-held device, letting gamers take their games with them on the go. But a glance around the Tokyo metro confirms that the Switch is solving a problem that does not exist: carriages are crammed with men and women staring into their phones, playing “Candy Crush” or “Puzzles and Dragons”. So Nintendo is changing its strategy. Under Satoru Iwata, who took over from Yamauchi in 2002, the company avoided mobile games on the basis that they were low-quality and their pay-as-you-go model was exploitative of children. But in the summer of 2016 the surprise success of “Pokémon Go”, a mobile game developed by Niantic, an American company spun off from Google, confirmed Nintendo’s previously rather tentative decision to change tack. In a PR master stroke Nintendo sent Mr Miyamoto to Apple’s annual autumn press event to announce “Super Mario Run”, a new game for the iPhone. This is not the only way that Nintendo is exploiting the value its intellectual property can realise when allowed off the company’s own hardware. Universal will invest $350m in a Nintendo-themed attraction at its amusement park in Japan. Nintendo is once again considering Mario movies. Not before time. Recognisable characters are one of the most sought-after resources in the entertainment industry: from Hollywood’s superhero franchises to theme parks to video games, a name the public knows is perceived as the best way to reduce the risk of expensive failure. This is especially true of smartphone games. Early on it was possible to introduce novelties, such as “Angry Birds”, an early runaway hit. But competition has got very intense. In 2008, a year before those Angry Birds were hatched, some 250 games were submitted to Apple’s app store every month. Now more than 700 games are submitted every day. Today the business thinks that success is contingent on familiarity. “Pokémon Go” was a moderately successful game, called “Ingress”, before its creators rebranded it with Pokémon, cute little monsters part-owned by Nintendo. It was subsequently downloaded onto half a billion devices. “Stardom: Hollywood” was a mediocre game about going from wannabe to celebrity until it signed on Kim Kardashian and morphed into “Kim Kardashian: Hollywood”, an instant blockbuster.  Okey Dokey! In this climate the success of “Super Mario Run” is hardly up for debate. But will it introduce a new generation to the Mario franchise, or simply delight those already familiar with it? Early indications suggest the latter. The game, released on December 15th, is a delightful rendering of the essence of Mario—which is to say, jumping—tailored to the small screen. But at $10, it is comparatively expensive (though there are no hidden extras in the form of in-game purchases). And for now it is also available only on iPhones. Both decisions rule out big emerging markets. In the 1990s Nintendo’s nugatory presence outside developed countries was no obstacle to Mario’s global charm offensive. Cheap knock-offs of Nintendo consoles made in Hong Kong and Taiwan flooded poor countries, and Mario went with them—often quite literally the only game in town. Now no one with a phone who wants games lacks them; and those who have only ever gamed on phones feel no burning need for Mario. In China, the world’s biggest gaming market, Mario is practically unheard of, says Serkan Toto, a Tokyo-based games consultant. Phone-based follow-ups to “Super Mario Run” may yet take off; Mario’s charm is not to be sniffed at. But it is of a peculiar sort. “On one level he is very specific: an Italian-American plumber from Brooklyn, America”, says Jeff Ryan, the author of “Super Mario”, a history of the character. “On the other hand he doesn’t do much plumbing or talk about his heritage. He’s just an avatar.” That does not mean you can replace him with any other avatar. He is particular, and distinct. It’s just that there’s nothing to being Mario other than being Mario. Ray Hatoyama, who led the global expansion of Hello Kitty, a cute, mute cat-like character whose image rakes in several billion yen every year, likens the global success of characters such as Mario and Hello Kitty to the export of rice. It is easier to sell an ingredient to a foreign culture; they can add the spices and herbs to their taste, he says. By contrast fully cooked stories with a specific setting, such as “Doraemon”, set in a Japanese school, are a harder sell abroad. The contexts are too different. If Mario’s plumbing and heritage mattered, he would be a lot less successful. There is one aspect of his context, though, that matters: fun. Mr Abe turned up in Rio dressed as Mario not just because Mario is instantly recognisable around the world. He embodies the delight of play. Talking to the New York Times in 2008 the reclusive Mr Miyamoto explained that people like Mario and his ilk “not for the characters themselves, but because the games they appear in are fun. And because people enjoy playing those games first, they come to love the characters as well.” When “Super Mario Bros.” came out, it was the game that children and adults fell in love with. Mario’s cheerful face on the packaging of its sequels and spin-offs guaranteed further high-quality fun. His success became self-reinforcing. If “Super Mario Run” takes off among phone gamers for whom Mario is a vaguely recognised but arbitrary pop-culture emblem, it will be because it is a really good game. According to Mr Hashimoto, who worked with Mr Miyamoto, Nintendo’s characters are always at the service of the game, rather than vice versa: “Whatever fits better.” Splatoon is a case in point: it features an all-new cast of humanoids and squids. “We weren’t invested in creating a new character. We just set out to create a game with a new structure,” Hisashi Nogami, Splatoon’s producer said in a company chat. Before they settled on squids, Splatoon’s creators considered making the characters rabbits or blocks of tofu. But they decided that squids worked best. Good gameplay is not enough. Strange though the world is, it is hard to imagine tourists in Tokyo dressing up as tofu to drive around in go-karts, as those entranced by the “Mario Kart” driving games do. The middle-aged men who put on blue dungarees and fake moustaches to watch India beat the English at cricket would probably not dress up as squids to the same end, whatever video games they might remember from their youth. Star Club, a Mario-themed bar in Tokyo’s Shinjuku nightlife district (and the retro-gaming themed 8-bit Cafe, around the corner), would do less business with foreign fans and Japanese otaku alike were it not for the cheery moustachioed presence. The Mario-ness of Mario does matter. But at Mr Hashimoto’s place, among the true cognoscenti, for all the affection in which the characters and their creators are held, the game’s the thing. twitter icon facebook icon more iconMore linkedin icon googleplus icon mail icon print icon purchase-rights icon View comments (2) Christmas issue 2016 Our towerThe Economist bids farewell to a formative home India Pale AlesA history of the authentically global beer ClothespegsA celebration of the oddly modern, oddly mystical clothespeg Gay barsGay bars are under threat but not from the obvious attackers Prison tattoosA statistical analysis of the art on convicts’ bodies ViennaHow Vienna produced ideas that shaped the West Talo on the rangeFinland’s reindeer herders get a lot more than meat from their work BrentryHow Norman rule reshaped England The cad as correspondentFlashman, the foreign correspondent’s role model Foreign fightersWhy an ordinary man went to fight Islamic State Cambridge economistsThe art and science of economics at Cambridge The mischief of miceThe world’s favourite lab animal has been found wanting, but there are new twists in the mouse’s tale SilenceThe power and meaning of silence Postcard from DandongPolitics and pity on the border of China and North Korea Barack ObamaA reflection on Barack Obama’s presidency It’s a-me!How Super Mario became a global cultural icon Seqouiadendron GiganteumClimbing the world’s biggest tree Black and white and read all overThe remarkable return of adult colouring books → more from Christmas issue 2016 Editors’ picks A peace prize, but no peaceAung San Suu Kyi fails to calm Myanmar’s ethnic violence Ending it will need far more courage Asia Northern lightsMexican attitudes to marijuana mellowAmericas Medieval memesThe far right’s new fascination with the Middle AgesDemocracy in America The Economist explainsCan markets be too free?The Economist explains You are viewing a beta release of The Economist website. Please tell us what you think. Leave feedbackBack to old version You are viewing a beta release of The Economist website. Please tell us what you think. Leave feedbackBack to old version Subscribe Contact us Help Keep updated facebook icon twitter icon googleplus icon linkedin icon tumblr icon instagram icon youtube icon rss icon mail iconSubscribe to The Economist newsletters Advertise Reprints Careers Media Centre Site Map Published since September 1843 to take part in “a severe contest between intelligence, which presses forward, and an unworthy, timid ignorance obstructing our progress.” Terms of Use Privacy Cookies Accessibility Copyright © The Economist Newspaper Limited 2017. All rights reserved.
mirrorLoad mobile navigation News UK News World News Weird News Crime Real Life Stories Health MotoringExpand Politics Sport Football Formula 1 Boxing Cricket Horse Racing Row Zed Rugby Union Other Sports Athletics Cycling Darts MMA WrestlingExpandExpand Football Celebs Celebrity News US Gossip Fashion & Beauty Weird Celeb NewsExpand TV & Film Weird News Technology Money Travel Fashion Mums Quizzes Got a Story? Sign in My Account Sign Out facebook twitter pinterest instagram Offers Fantasy Bingo Dating Jobs BuySell Competitions Horoscopes Psychic Cartoons Crosswords BuySell Find a job Find a home Find a new home Find a local business About Us Contact Us Follow Us Sell Your Story How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Statement Cookie Policy Terms and Conditions Paper Subscription to the Daily Mirror Paper Subscription to the Sunday Mirror Irish Mirror © 2016 MGN Limited Home Money Shopping advice Money January sales 2017: We reveal the best deals from ALL the major high street and online retailers The start of the new year brings with it all the January sale bargains. Here's what goodies can be found at high street favourites Next, House of Fraser and more  Share  Comments ByMirror.co.uk 16:30, 28 DEC 2016 Updated16:40, 28 DEC 2016 Money Still looking for a sale bargain? Check out these January sale discounts (Photo: Rex Features)  Share  Comments Get money updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing!Could not subscribe, try again laterInvalid Email This year's Boxing Day was one of the busiest days of the year for major high street retailers - however most shoppers preferred to make their purchases online rather than hitting the shops. Tech giant Currys PC World reported record numbers of online shoppers during the festive season, with 264,000 visitors to the site between 9am and 10:00am on Boxing Day. As we previously reported struggling retailers were dealt a fresh blow as footfall at the Boxing Day sales dipped 6.7% on last year. Figures from Ipsos Retail Performance suggest the lure of the sales has been eclipsed by major shopping events such as Black Friday in November. Read More Cheap holiday deals for 2017: The best Christmas and Boxing Day sale offers from Thomson, Virgin Atlantic and more But while the lack of footfall may not be good news for retailers, bargain-hunters have been able to scoop up huge savings on coveted fashion, tech and homewares in the sales as brands compete for our custom. poll loading Will you shop in the January sales this year? 0+ VOTES SO FAR YES NO We've spotted some amazing tech deals - including John Lewis' price match deal on the 13.3" Apple MacBook Air - now £899, and the FitBit Alta and Charge HR models reduced by up to 20% off at Argos. (Photo: fitbit) Those looking for a style steal should cast their eyes over the half price deals from online fashion giant ASOS - there are savings on designer labels as well as the retailer's own-brand collections. Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Watch Next'Just stop Daddy.' Harrowing 911 call as politici Watch this video again Watch Next Reckless driver 'knocks down pedestrian' while pe1:25 Abandoned: Meet the pups cruelly dumped on Christ0:37 Watch 'vile' wild-west style mass brawl erupt at 0:57 Five-year-old Bradley Lowery's heartbreaking wish Cancer patient goes abroad for treatment after sh1:09 Virgin Atlantic Dreamliner declares mid-air emerg0:35 Watch highlights from London's New Year's Day par2:07 Police break up illegal rave inside the Tyne Brid0:45 Video will play in  Hilarious shopper gives her tips on getting through the Next Boxing Day sales Share this video Watch Next Elsewhere high street favourites M&S and Next also have 50% to 70% savings on everything from home accessories to baby clothing. If you're planning to shop the January sales, but have no clue where to get started, we've cherry-picked some of the best deals from the top high street and online retailers below. Read More New Year opening times Supermarkets DIY stores Department stores Shopping centres and high-street stores Tesco Sainsburys Asda Aldi Lidl Morrisons Waitrose January sale deals from all the major retailers Argos: Up to 70% off Order online and you can get it later that DAY For their big January sale the popular high street chain has slashed the price of thousands of items, across all departments, by up to 70%. Pick up savings on homewares, tech and electrical appliances, with an extra 10% off selected large kitchen appliances using this WHITE10 code at checkout. There's also a further 15% off indoor furniture when you spend £200 or more - just add the FURN15 code at checkout. Currys PC World: Half price deals Snap up a new TV or gadget in the Currys PC New Year sale (Photo: Gretel Ensignia/PA Wire) If you thought the Currys Boxing Day sale deals were good, you've yet to browse the latest January sales offers, which feature top brands like Apple, Dyson and Samsung and more. We've spied the HP Pavilion laptop for £399, reduced from £599.99 - saving you £200 off, and £250 off this Samsung Smart 4K ultra HD curved TV, now £649 Debenhams: 50% off (Photo: PA) The department store has half price sale deals on everything from clothing and beauty to those all important home essential. Get ready for your New Year detox with this Ninja Nutri blender now £49 in the sale So shoppers can splurge on discounted designer fragrances and handbags while picking up cheap household electrical items like this Nutri Ninja blender, now £49 (was £89) or this Krups Nescafe coffee machine, £45 (was £90). John Lewis: Save £100s off clearance items (Photo: PA) The luxury department store still have plenty of impressive offers in their end of year clearance. Bargain-hunters can get their hands on further reductions off fashion, as well as half price savings on furniture and appliances. There are also huge discounts and price match offers on coveted laptops from Apple, smart HD TVs and more. River Island: 50% off online and in store The high street fashion launched their full sale on Boxing Day - with half price or better discounts on hundreds of items. There's savings on everything from cosy knits to staple denim jeans, and prices start from a wallet-friendly £1. Harrods: 50% off designer items (Photo: Splash) If you've been eyeing up a designer bag or accessory, now is the time to get it. There's up to half price off designer wares in the Harrods online sale. The sale includes all departments - from beauty goodies to 25% discounts on selected home items, so there's something for everyone. Next: Half price of less savings This woman picked up a few bargains at the Next store on Queen Street in Cardiff (Photo: Wales News Service) If you decided to sit out the madness of Next's Boxing Day sale this year, there are still stellar discounts of 50% or more online ready to be snapped up Get up 50% off Michelle Keegan's latest Lipsy range in the sale Our top picks include discounts on kidswear - where boys and girls sale clothing starts from £1.50, and money off premium brands like Lipsy. Marks & Spencer: 50% off (Photo: Getty) Good ole' M&S has a huge number of items reduced in their half price sale, which continues in-store and online. Top offers include discounts on Alexa Chung's Archive collection, the David Gandy for Autograph range and Stila make up. The latest Alexa Chung Archive collection for M&S is also on sale (Photo: Getty/Marks & Spencer) There's even half price champagne for those stocking up ahead for New Year celebrations. Amazon: 50 - 70% off fashion, tech and more (Photo: Getty) Amazon's end of year sale is on until 23:59 on 31st December for shoppers who are still wanting to shop. Lightning deals are launched daily, and are only available for a limited time, so you'd better move quick if you see something you like. Once it's gone, it really is gone. Right now you can save £20 off the Kindle Paperwhite. The Kindle Paperwhite is £89.99 for a limited time There's also 50% off clothing, accessories and footwear for the whole family too. Boots: Up to 50% off (Photo: Getty) Savvy shoppers can still score top discounts on make up, beauty and skincare in the Boots sale - with up to 50% off thousands of items. Star deals include £15 off this Veet Sensitive Precision Beauty Styler gift pack, now £24.99 that comes with a nifty shaver suitable for your face, underarms and bikini. There's also £5 worth of Advantage Card reward points when you buy two luxury beauty items until 3rd January - the perfect excuse to treat yourself to some new pampering products. Very.co.uk: Half price savings Online department store Very.co.uk is running sale discounts across all departments until the end of January. There's 50% off furniture, electrical items and fashion, if you're after premium clothing Very.co.uk's sister site, Very Exclusive also has half price off selected items - including these classic leather Ugg boots, now £108 (was £180). ASOS: 50% off clothing, shoes and beauty The January sale is full effect at online fashion powerhouse ASOS. Stylistas can expect 50% reductions on popular brands and ASOS' own-branded lines, as well as 30% off selected beauty products. H&M: 60% off (Photo: Rex) The 60% off sale features discounts on everything from outerwear to shoes across womenswear, kidswear and menswear. This imitation suede biker jacket (pictured) is now £29.99, reduced from £49.99, and these grey knee high boots (pictured) are also £29.99, reduced from £49.99. Sainsbury's Tu Clothing: Half price reductions (Photo: Tu at Sainsbury's) Sainsbury's Tu Clothing lines are now reduced by 50% or more and include kid's and menswear collections. Prices start from £2 for accessories and lingerie, £5 for shoes and £3 for clothing. George at Asda: Sale items from £1.50 Selected sale clothing from George at Asda are down to £1.50 (Photo: George at Asda) With over 3,000 lines included in Asda's half price January sale deals - available both online and in store - shoppers will be able to pick up all your New Year essentials for less. Prices start from £1.50 for clothing and £6 for home accessories, and if you're renovating your home save up to 25% off selected furniture too. And there are ton of savings on kids and baby clothing items too. AO.com: Green ticket discounts Get 50% off selected appliances at AO.com in the sale Online electricals specialists AO.com are continuing their sale discounts - ideal for anyone renovating their home or moving house in the New Year. We've spotted 60% savings on this Vax upright vacuum cleaner, now £79, and £100 off this Indesit washing machine, now £179. Save £100 off the Microsoft Surface Pro at AO.com There are also handy savings on selected laptops, including £100 off the Microsoft Surface Pro 4, now £729. Know your shopping rights When shopping online, shops must guarantee a 14-day returns window for non-faulty goods, however on the high street your rights can differ from store to store, explains Which?. If you change your mind about something you buy, it’s important you know how to find out about your consumer rights and how to exercise them.Here's some top tips from Which? to get you started: Your return rights may be stronger if you shop online - you are legally entitled to a full refund for a non-faulty, online purchase if you change your mind within 14 days of delivery, but this may not be the case if you bought it in store. But, be aware of online scams - it’s always best to double-check the domain name of the website you’re buying from and beware of unusual payment methods, like bank transfers. Your return rights for non-faulty products may vary from store to store - whilst some stores may choose to offer a full refund for a product you no longer want, others may disappoint consumers by offering a credit note, an exchange or nothing. If you’re shopping on the high street, make sure you check the individual return policy at the till. Not all products will be cheapest on Black Friday itself - research found that only 8% of the Black Friday deals we checked from last year were cheapest on Black Friday itself. Read More January Sales Guide to all the Boxing Day sales Travel deals Currys Amazon Argos Next Very Debenhams Tesco Marks and Spencer House of Fraser John Lewis Boots Superdrug Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Money Newsletter Follow @MirrorMoney Subscribe to our Money newsletterEnter emailSubscribe Comments Show more comments More On Save money Boxing Day sales Shopping advice Deals Online Stores New Year's Eve New Year Christmas shopping money all Most Read Most Recent New YearNew Year 2017 opening and closing times for Debenhams, M&S, Next, Matalan and other department stores Here's when all the big department stores, including Debenhams and House of Fraser, will be open over the New Year break, so you can get geared up for all the great sales. Sainsbury'sSainsbury's New Year opening and closing times for 2017 Check when your local Sainsbury's store will be open over the New Year with our guide on opening hours New YearNew Year 2017 opening and closing times for Wickes, B&Q, Argos, Homebase and other DIY stores Read our guide to see when your local DIY store is open over the holidays LidlLidl opening and closing times for New Year's Eve and New Year's Day Check when your local Lidl will be open in the run up to New Year's Day MorrisonsMorrisons New Year opening and closing times for 2017 Use our handy guide to find out when your local Morrisons will be open during the Christmas holidays UnemploymentJobseekers have 1.1m posts to choose from as vacancies rise to year high - but average salary dips According to jobs site Adzuna, the average advertised salary is £32,200, down by 2.7% from November 2015 SupermarketsNew Year supermarket opening and closing times for Tesco, Asda, Sainsbury's, Morrisons and more If you have to dash out to pick up extra supplies over the New Year, it's a good idea to check your local supermarket is open first New YearNew Year 2017 opening and closing times for Debenhams, M&S, Next, Matalan and other department stores Here's when all the big department stores, including Debenhams and House of Fraser, will be open over the New Year break, so you can get geared up for all the great sales. New Year's resolutionMoney saving challenge: New Year's resolutions that will save you the most money in 2017 If you want to reach the end of 2017 a little richer, making these four changes could save you up to £5,225 a year New Year's resolution5 cheap ways to travel more and save money on holidays in 2017 New Year's resolutions for less: If you’ve resolved to travel more in 2017 here are our top tips for budget adventures… Most Read Most Recent George MichaelGeorge Michael's lover slept in his CAR as the singer died alone at home Fadi Fawaz, who found George dead on Christmas morning, said: “I fell asleep in my car and I never saw him that night" as the final hours of the pop legend were revealed PoliceMum and dad found dead by their car as three young sons sat unharmed inside Daniel Kelsey, 32, and Heather Kelsey, 30, were found unconscious by the roadside in Florida and could not be revived Terror attacksIstanbul nightclub terror attack: Live updates as ISIS claims responsibility for gun attack that left 39 dead The terrorist remains at large after going on a shooting rampage in Reina, one of Turkey's most famous nightclubs EastEndersEastEnders' alternate ending sees Ronnie and Roxy Mitchell suffer a completely different yet equally grisly fate EastEnders waited a while before the BBC finally uploaded the clip to Snapchat CrimeMurderers, child rapists and drug dealers: Merseyside's 30 worst criminals of 2016 and their mugshots A grim review of crooks and their shocking crimes Samsung GalaxySamsung unveils first new smartphones since exploding Galaxy Note 7 fiasco Water resistant, with a powerful camera and sleek design - here's the first look at the Galaxy A3 and A5 OscarOscar receives hero's welcome in China after completing £60million move from Chelsea to Shanghai SIPG The former Blues midfielder touched down in Shanghai where hundreds of fans greeted him upon his big-money switch to the Chinese Super League RentingTenant 'forced' to pay to flush his own toilet by money-grabbing landlord The disgruntled tenant says the cost of paying per flush is quickly becoming an inconvenience Mugshots'Hot criminal' Jeremy Meeks poses in front of luxury mansion and £120K sports car after turning life around He's been keeping his fans up to date on Instagram, posting pictures standing outside a MASSIVE mansion and a £120,000 car EastEndersOutraged EastEnders viewers plan to boycott the BBC soap following Ronnie and Roxy Mitchell’s deaths Fans of the BBC series were shocked to see the two popular characters brutally killed off Top Stories Mugshots'Hot criminal' Jeremy Meeks poses in front of luxury mansion and £120K sports car after turning life around He's been keeping his fans up to date on Instagram, posting pictures standing outside a MASSIVE mansion and a £120,000 car George MichaelGeorge Michael's lover slept in his CAR as the singer died alone at home Fadi Fawaz, who found George dead on Christmas morning, said: “I fell asleep in my car and I never saw him that night" as the final hours of the pop legend were revealed Weight loss success storiesMcDonald's worker branded 'McFatty' sheds half her size after shop assistant laughed at her in changing room Gemma Hilton ballooned to a size 24 after gorging on chips and chocolate - but is now a svelte size 10 thanks to the Cambridge diet EastEndersEastEnders shock as Ronnie and Roxy Mitchell DROWN in dramatic New Year's Day finale Ronnie and Roxy Mitchell have dramatically left Walford CrimeViolent paedo stalker 'obsessed with film Taxi Driver is a ticking timebomb' A friend has warned that Paul Dempster's crimes are "probably just the start of his offending" Train tickets3 ways to beat the fare hike and save £100s on your commute On January 2 season ticket prices are rising 1.9%, but you don't have to take it lying down. This is how you can save hundreds of pounds on the cost of your train ticket by getting smart Transfer gossip round-upVictor Lindelof move to Manchester United still on? Transfer news and gossip from Monday's papers PLUS: Chelsea join the race for Virgil van Dijk CrimeDad shoots dead ELEVEN including son, 8, and ex-wife in New Year's Eve massacre before killing himself Sidnei Araujo, 46, was involved in a bitter custody dispute with his ex before carrying out the appalling shooting rampage SherlockSherlock shock as character is KILLED in dramatic series opener Mary Watson, played by Amanda Abbington, jumped in the way of a bullet bound for the detective, played by Benedict Cumberbatch Mariah CareyMariah Carey blames SABOTAGE for disastrous lip-sync performance - but TV company dismisses claims as 'absurd' The pop diva's now infamous Times Square meltdown has sparked a war of words in Hollywood SupermarketsNew Year bank holiday supermarket opening and closing times for Tesco, Asda, Sainsbury's, Morrisons and more If you have to dash out to pick up extra supplies over the New Year, it's a good idea to check your local supermarket is open first CrimeFive men arrested after 12-year-old girl killed crossing road holding cousin's hand Cousins Helina Kotlarova, 12, and Zaneta Krokova, 11, were holding hands crossing the road when they were mowed down by a car in Oldham, Greater Manchester, last night News Politics Football Sport Celebs TV & Film Weird News Quizzes Technology Money Travel Fashion Mums Motoring Follow us facebook twitter pinterest instagram BuySell Find a job Find a home Find a new home Find a local business About Us Contact Us Follow Us Sell Your Story How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Statement Cookie Policy Terms and Conditions Paper Subscription to the Daily Mirror Paper Subscription to the Sunday Mirror Irish Mirror © 2016 MGN Limited This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here.Close cookie policy overlay
Computing Mobile Internet Gaming Electronics Extreme Deep Dives Deals About ExtremeTech ET Forums Contact ExtremeTech Terms of Use Privacy Policy Ziff Davis Home Computing Apple CEO promises fresh Mac hardware, as report shows Apple is ignoring its desktops, macOS Apple CEO promises fresh Mac hardware, as report shows Apple is ignoring its desktops, macOS By Joel Hruska on December 21, 2016 at 7:30 am Comment Apple’s recent MacBook Pro updates and “courageous” iPhone 7 have proven to be controversial, and a recent pair of news items highlights how much pent-up frustration is aimed at the device manufacturer. First, Tim Cook made several posts to an Apple employee bulletin board, detailing Apple’s thinking on thinking on both desktops and the intersection between hardware and software design. Cook writes: The desktop is very strategic for us. It’s unique compared to the notebook because you can pack a lot more performance in a desktop — the largest screens, the most memory and storage, a greater variety of I/O, and fastest performance. So there are many different reasons why desktops are really important, and in some cases critical, to people. The current generation iMac is the best desktop we have ever made and its beautiful Retina 5K display is the best desktop display in the world. Some folks in the media have raised the question about whether we’re committed to desktops. If there’s any doubt about that with our teams, let me be very clear: we have great desktops in our roadmap. Nobody should worry about that… From a strategic point of view, we also focus on things where software, hardware and services all come together and bring out the magic that only Apple can. That’s our secret sauce. It shows up in a lot of different places, and it’s something that we look for in new employees. Apple CEO Tim Cook. A brand new report from Bloomberg offers an interesting counterweight to Cook’s confidence. According to that investigation, Apple has made a number of strategic decisions that took emphasis away from the Mac design teams. The software team has been reorganized, such that a dedicated macOS team no longer exists and most of the software engineers at Apple are iOS first, Mac second. Hardware engineers are now asked to work on multiple projects at once, or to develop multiple versions of a potential product simultaneously. For example, Apple engineers working on the 2016 MacBook update reportedly wanted to add a second USB-C port and Touch ID support, according to the report. Instead, Apple pushed out a slightly iteration of the same platform and a new “rose gold” color. Engineers working on Mac hardware no longer command the same attention from Jony Ive, the report said, and the appetite for leapfrogging the competition with a more daring approach to technology doesn’t always pay dividends — apparently Apple intended to introduce new battery technology with the MacBook Pro, but unspecified problems killed that option. The Bloomberg report concludes on this note: “Mac fans shouldn’t hold their breath for radical new designs in 2017 though. Instead, the company is preparing modest updates: USB-C ports and a new Advanced Micro Devices Inc. graphics processor for the iMac, and minor bumps in processing power for the 12-inch MacBook and MacBook Pro.” Apple’s innovation decline Part of the problem Apple is facing is straightforward: CPUs haven’t really scaled since 2013. I discussed this last August, but it bears repeating. The image below shows the CPUs Apple currently sells in the three-year-old Mac Pro as compared with the most recent chips available from Intel: Each 2013-era chip is contrasted with its 2016 equivalent. Now, the one thing Apple could do is introduce some high core-count chips that weren’t really available in 2013. Back then, the Xeon E5v2 family topped out at 12 cores; modern CPUs in the E5v4 family top out at 22 cores within the same 135W TDP. But that option carries a hefty frequency penalty: The 12-core E5-2697v2 has a base clock of 2.7GHz and a boost clock of 3.5GHz. The 22-core E5-4699v4 has a 2.2GHz base frequency and a 3GHz boost clock. In other words, if your workload is embarrassingly parallel and can easily scale above 12 threads, the E5-4699v4 is a better option. If it doesn’t — or if you can’t afford the $7,000 price tag Intel has hung on the chip — you won’t see benefits. The GPU market is a markedly different story. AMD’s Polaris refresh would be a good fit for the iMac or even potentially lower-end variants of the Mac Pro, while Vega should address the Mac Pro market head-on (and of course, Nvidia has its own lineup of GPUs, should Apple be interested). Either way, the GPUs baked into current Mac systems are quite old. Apple has never put graphics front-and-center, and it failed to follow up on the graphics-centric argument it made for the Mac Pro. Instead of investing in OpenGL or OpenCL (macOS still only supports OCL 1.2, despite OCL 2.0 now being widely available), Apple has doubled-down on Metal, its own custom iOS API that it also backported to macOS. But major companies like Adobe, which do make use of GPU acceleration, have only begun to add Metal support and it’s not fully baked yet. But I don’t think the issues Apple is facing with macOS and its various Mac systems are simply a matter of lackluster hardware cycles. Apple used to present buyers with a very simple argument: “It just works.” Those three words, however inaccurate or accurate you feel they happen to be, captured most of how Apple marketed itself to customers. MacOS was easier to use. The iPhone and iMac were designed to work together. Apple hardware was a consolidated, discrete ecosystem, with fewer choices but better integration of its various components. And while you may not have found this argument particularly appealing, there was truth to it. Apple built routers and peripherals that were designed to interface with its own software and platforms in ways that other companies rarely matched. That argument seems much less potent now than it did in the past. Apple is leaving the peripheral business (apart from dongles, natch) and its clearly not putting the resources into macOS development that it once did. The latest MacBook and MacBook Pro don’t ‘just work’ unless you’ve got a varying number of dongles to hook up. In the event the company does refresh the Mac Pro, everyone who shucked out for Thunderbolt 2 adapters so they could plug non-Thunderbolt peripherals into the system is going to need to buy Thunderbolt 3 adapters for their Thunderbolt 2-to-USB (or what have you) adapters so they can continue to use their hardware. It’s not very Mac-like, when you get right down to it. In fact, it’s precisely the kind of inelegant-but-functional arrangement I associate with PCs. There’s another answer to this issue, though — one that has nothing to do with Tim Cook or Steve Jobs and everything to do with the evolution of the PC and smartphone ecosystems. In retrospect, it’s clear that the iPod, iPhone, and touchscreen interfaces arrived during the last great hurrah of Moore’s Law, at a time when process node scaling and multi-core products were still delivering rapid improvements. The original iPhone in 2007 happened because it became possible for a capacitive touchscreen device to happen. Steve Jobs and Apple still deserve credit for the idea, but the idea only worked because technology had advanced to the point that it could be made to work. Such inflection points are rare — one could argue that we’ve only had a handful throughout the entire history of computing. The first computers relied on a non-realtime batch interface, followed by command-line interfaces that incorporated video terminals and keyboards. The addition of the mouse and GUI are significant enough to deserve their own separate classification, followed by the rise of capacitive touchscreens since 2007. In 72 years (1945 – 2016) we’ve had four of these transitions, and Steve Jobs’ career happened to fall at a time when he could make significant contributions to both. In the end, it scarcely matters. However loyal Apple customers may be in the short term, they’ll inevitably leave the platform if Tim Cook doesn’t give them reason to stay. 2016 was a distinct let-down in this regard, and 2017 isn’t looking much better if the Bloomberg report is right. Tagged In apple intel Polaris mac Macbook imac mac pro tim cook macintosh dongles Post a Comment Comment ExtremeTech Newsletter Subscribe Today to get the latest ExtremeTech news delivered right to your inbox. Subscribing to a newsletter indicates your consent to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. More Articles Why iPhone production isn’t coming to the United States Dec 30 Five reasons you should buy a car right now Dec 30 ET deals: Dell Inspiron 15 5000 15.6-inch laptop for $549 Dec 30 The year in space: Supernovas, gravitational waves, theoretical planets, and Hammer pants Dec 30 FBI, DHS release report on Russian hacking as administration-ordered sanctions take effect Dec 30 About ExtremeTech Advertising Contact ExtremeTech Terms of Use Privacy Policy Ziff Davis Accessibility Statement Use of this site is governed by our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Copyright 1996-2016 Ziff Davis, LLC.PCMag Digital Group All Rights Reserved. ExtremeTech is a registered trademark of Ziff Davis, LLC. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of Ziff Davis, LLC. is prohibited. unused
Computing Mobile Internet Gaming Electronics Extreme Deep Dives Deals About ExtremeTech ET Forums Contact ExtremeTech Terms of Use Privacy Policy Ziff Davis Home Computing Apple now investigating Consumer Reports MacBook Pro battery life results Apple now investigating Consumer Reports MacBook Pro battery life results By Joel Hruska on December 27, 2016 at 9:52 am Comment Apple has announced, via Twitter, that it’s working with Consumer Reports to nail down what happened to its MacBook and MacBook Pro hardware. The announcement came from Phil Schiller, who reports the company is “Working with CR to understand their battery tests. Results do not match our extensive lab tests or field data.” There’s a great deal of smoke around this issue (everyone being off for the holidays probably hasn’t helped), but not much in the way of new data just yet. What we know is that some Apple buyers have reported abnormally low battery life ever since the new MacBooks launched. At first, these issues seemed like they might be limited to the 15-inch MacBook Pros, which use AMD discrete GPUs, but later testing has shown this is not the case. Consumer Reports is not the only publication to report that Apple’s battery life: 9to5 Mac reported relatively low figures for their own tests (6-8 hours). There are several intersecting issues that, I think, are collectively feeding the issue here. First, there’s the fact that Apple’s battery life estimates are typically extremely good. No manufacturer is 100% accurate, because use models change so much between people, but Apple has a reputation for delivering most of what it promises. For Apple systems to be dropping so dramatically (and even 8 hours when Apple says 10 hours isn’t good), it implies that something else is going on here. Second, there’s the sheer erratic nature of Consumer Reports’ results. If Apple or Dell says that a laptop should get 10 hours of battery life and you regularly get 6, it implies that the company’s battery estimate methodology is poor. If your laptop lasts two hours in one test and 9 hours the next, all while you’re performing exactly the same amount of work, it implies something altogether different. Third, there’s the fact that modern power management has gotten exceedingly complex. Some of you likely remember when Intel’s SpeedStep technology debuted. The idea of a CPU that could self-adjust its clock in response to workloads and the need to conserve battery life was a huge boost for laptop manufacturers and consumers. Over time, power management technology has advanced considerably; AMD’s implementation of Adaptive Voltage and Frequency Scaling (AVFS) system uses hundreds of sensors embedded around the SoC to gather real-time information about the SoC’s temperature and power states, and adjusts the chip accordingly. Intel hasn’t adopted AVFS for its own chips, but it has added new technologies like SpeedShift to allow its CPUs to move in and out of idle states more quickly and to adjust clock speed dynamically. But all of these changes and technologies come with their own complexities. Some are entirely transparent to the operating system, while others require explicit OS support. Fourth, as CPU improvements have largely stalled, software, not process node improvements, is increasingly responsible for power savings. This, in turn, makes it more likely that software can screw up. If Intel releases a new CPU that uses 30% less power than the previous generation, that gain should show up in every test case. Now, imagine that Intel uses a combination of better codec offload, GPU processing, and more aggressive CPU frequency scaling to cut power consumption. Suddenly, gains that were previously due to improvements to underlying technology are highly dependent on what the end-user is doing. If you compare battery life in video decode scenarios, the results may look great. Switch to a CPU-centric workload that doesn’t give the chip any time to drop into a lower power-state, and they suddenly show no improvement at all. In fact, the newer CPU may use even more power than the old one if it has a higher max clock. There are a number of odd things about the Consumer Reports’ results. The variation is extremely strange. The fact that Chrome is reported as returning much better results than Safari is strange. It’s possible that this issue is related to an extremely specific bug or errata that causes a problem in Safari that results in the CPU sometimes not dropping into sleep states properly, or pegs GPU usage where it shouldn’t, or that some particular issue related to GPU acceleration in web pages is causing problems. Apple’s decision to remove the “Time Remaining” metric from its laptops could be evidence that the company knows it has a problem and wants to reduce consumer complaints while it deals with it — or it could be completely unrelated. Right now, it’s all a bit of a muddle and rather unclear. Tagged In apple ios os x macbook pro battery life safari battery MacOS MBP Post a Comment Comment ExtremeTech Newsletter Subscribe Today to get the latest ExtremeTech news delivered right to your inbox. Subscribing to a newsletter indicates your consent to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. More Articles Why iPhone production isn’t coming to the United States Dec 30 Five reasons you should buy a car right now Dec 30 ET deals: Dell Inspiron 15 5000 15.6-inch laptop for $549 Dec 30 The year in space: Supernovas, gravitational waves, theoretical planets, and Hammer pants Dec 30 FBI, DHS release report on Russian hacking as administration-ordered sanctions take effect Dec 30 About ExtremeTech Advertising Contact ExtremeTech Terms of Use Privacy Policy Ziff Davis Accessibility Statement Use of this site is governed by our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Copyright 1996-2016 Ziff Davis, LLC.PCMag Digital Group All Rights Reserved. ExtremeTech is a registered trademark of Ziff Davis, LLC. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of Ziff Davis, LLC. is prohibited. unused
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy The Missing Debate Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments300+ The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it The Switch Can Alexa help solve a murder? Police think so — but Amazon won’t give up her data. The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Amy B Wang December 28, 2016 Follow @amybwang This product image of the Amazon Echo. (Amazon via AP) When police responded to a home in Bentonville, Ark., one Sunday morning last November, they discovered Victor Collins's dead body in the backyard. Police records describe a grim scene: Collins's body was floating face up in a hot tub, and his left eye and lips dark and swollen. The resident who had called 911, James A. Bates, told police that he and a few work buddies, including Collins, had stayed up the night before watching football and drinking. Bates agreed to let two of them crash at his house, he told police, then went to bed. Shortly after he awoke, he claimed he spotted Collins's lifeless body in the spa. Upon further investigation, however, police began suspecting foul play: Broken knobs and bottles, as well as blood spots around the tub, suggested there had been a struggle. A few days later, the Arkansas chief medical examiner ruled Collins's death a homicide — and police obtained a search warrant for Bates's home. Inside, detectives discovered a bevy of “smart home” devices, including a Nest thermostat, a Honeywell alarm system, a wireless weather monitoring system and an Amazon Echo. Police seized the Echo and served a warrant to Amazon, noting in the affidavit there was “reason to believe that Amazon.com is in possession of records related to a homicide investigation being conducted by the Bentonville Police Department.” That warrant threw a wrinkle into what might have been a traditional murder investigation, as first reported by the Information, a news site that covers the technology industry. While police have long seized computers, cellphones and other electronics to investigate crimes, this case has raised fresh questions about privacy issues regarding devices like the Amazon Echo or the Google Home, voice-activated personal command centers that are constantly “listening.” Namely, is there a difference in the reasonable expectation of privacy one should have when dealing with a device that is “always on” in one's own home? [Did you just open a brand new home hub? Read this first.] The Echo is equipped with seven microphones and responds to a “wake word,” most commonly “Alexa.” When it detects the wake word, it begins streaming audio to the cloud, including a fraction of a second of audio before the wake word, according to the Amazon website. A recording and transcription of the audio is logged and stored in the Amazon Alexa app and must be manually deleted later. For instance, if you asked your Echo, “Alexa, what is the weather right now?” you could later go back to the app to find out exactly what time that question was asked. (Amazon makes the Echo, and Jeff Bezos is the chief executive of Amazon and owner of The Washington Post.) Police did not specify what data they expected to find on Bates's Echo — nor is it clear what the device could have captured that would have been relevant to the case. Only if someone happened to have triggered his device with its wake word would it have begun recording any audio. Even then, it seems unlikely that audio would be conclusive evidence of an alleged murder. At least part of the search warrant indicated police may not have had a full understanding of how the Echo worked. “The Amazon Echo device is constantly listening for the 'wake' command of 'Alexa' or Amazon,' and records any command, inquiry, or verbal gesture given after that point, or possibly at all times without the 'wake word' being issued, which is uploaded to Amazon.com's servers at a remote location,” the affidavit read in part. “It is believed that these records are retained by Amazon.com and that they are evidence related to the case under investigation.” That allegation — that the Echo is possibly recording at all times without the “wake word” being issued — is incorrect, according to an Amazon spokesperson. The device is constantly listening but not recording, and nothing is streamed to or stored in the cloud without the wake word being detected. [Amazon CEO Jeffrey Bezos: Debate between privacy and security is ‘issue of our age’] Amazon, for its part, has refused to comply with the warrants, according to court records. A company spokeswoman said she could not comment on this specific case. “Amazon will not release customer information without a valid and binding legal demand properly served on us,” a company spokeswoman said in an email to The Post. “Amazon objects to overbroad or otherwise inappropriate demands as a matter of course.” The case and its implications are reminiscent of one earlier this year, in which the FBI demanded Apple's help in cracking an iPhone belonging to terrorists who opened fire at a work party last December and killed 14 people in San Bernardino, Calif. Apple refused to comply, and the FBI ended up paying professional hackers to crack the phone. As The Post's Hayley Tsukayama reported in May: The ensuing debate drove a wedge between Silicon Valley and Washington, as the tech industry, already wary of government surveillance, rushed to rally behind Apple. Amazon joined Microsoft, Google and a dozen other tech firms when it filed a legal brief supporting Apple's position in March. "[The] government's order to Apple exceeds the bounds of existing law and, when applied more broadly, will harm Americans' security in the long run,” the filing said. In the midst of that public fight, Bezos said Amazon was among the many tech companies backing up Apple — and that they were embracing technology that would make it difficult for government officials to access any personal information on its devices, even when those authorities have a warrant. A Bentonville police spokesman did not return a call requesting comment Tuesday. Bates, who was charged with first-degree murder, pleaded not guilty in April and has been out on bail, court records show. His trial is set to begin in 2017. Bates's defense attorney, Kimberly Weber, told the Information she was alarmed by the police request of Amazon, which she viewed as an invasion of her client's privacy. “You have an expectation of privacy in your home, and I have a big problem that law enforcement can use the technology that advances our quality of life against us,” Weber told the news site. Undeterred by Amazon's refusal to turn over Bates's Echo data, detectives sought the help of a far closer source: the Bentonville utilities department. According to police records, a city utility billing and collections manager told detectives that, on the night of Collins's death, 140 gallons of water were used at Bates's home between 1 and 3 a.m., an amount of water usage that exceeded all other periods there since October 2013. “In comparison, while all four [men] were together earlier that evening, they never used more than 10 gallons of water in an hour,” police reports said. “The amount of water used between 0100-0300 hours was consistent with spraying down the back patio area, which may have resulted in the wet concrete patterns observed on the morning of November 22nd.” The utility department's source? Each home in Bentonville was on a smart meter, police were told, to measure and record the exact consumption of electricity and water every hour. Read more: The FCC just passed sweeping new rules to protect your online privacy Why people like Edward Snowden say they will boycott Google’s newest messaging app A superior court judge in N.C. needed a favor. So he tried to bribe a federal agent with Bud Light. business technology the-switch true Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 300+ Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Amy B Wang is a general assignment reporter for The Washington Post. Follow @amybwang 305 Show Comments Discussion Policy 0 Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Get 2 months of digital access to The Washington Post for just 99¢. A limited time offer for Apple Pay users. Buy with Cancel anytime $9.99/month after the two month trial period. Sales tax may apply. By subscribing you agree to our Terms of Service, Digital Products Terms of Sale & Privacy Policy. Get 2 months of digital access to The Washington Post for just 99¢. Most Read 1 Lawsuit: Dude ranch owner asked chef for ‘black people food’ 2 Elon Musk’s SpaceX says it has found cause of rocket explosion and plans to fly again Sunday 3 What history tells us about your investments in 2017 4 With enough evidence, even skepticism will thaw 5 D.C. area’s 2017 predictions center on tech, traffic, taxes — and, of course, Trump Market Watch DJIA -0.29% NASDAQ -0.9% Get quote Last Update: 01/02/2017(DJIA&NASDAQ) Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game Word Wipe Word game business technology the-switch Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Apple Inc. Supplier Provides Insight on Next-Gen iPad Pro Tech Apple chip manufacturing partner TSMC recently commented on speculation that issues with its next-generation manufacturing technology could affect customer product launch schedules. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Dec 28, 2016 at 10:23AM Contract chip manufacturing giant Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company (NYSE:TSM) expects to begin recognizing revenue from the sale of chips built on its new 10-nanometer technology during the first quarter. Image source: Apple.  The 10-nanometer technology is expected to deliver performance, power, and area benefits over the company's current 16-nanometer technology, used to manufacture chips such as the Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) A10 processor found inside the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. There have been several reports that TSMC's 10-nanometer technology is currently facing yield challenges, something that DigiTimes suggested could potentially affect the launch schedule of Apple's upcoming iPad Pro tablets, which are expected to incorporate chips built using this technology.  TSMC provided EETimes with an update on its expected 10-nanometer manufacturing ramp-up. Let's see what it might mean for Apple's upcoming tablets.  10-nanometer "on track" TSMC's Elizabeth Sun told EETimes that the 10-nanometer process is "totally on track" and -- to quote EETimes -- "will contribute to sales revenue for the first time in the first quarter of 2017." In other words, no change to what the company has said previously, though no apparent update on the yield rates of the technology.  However, the company did seemingly reveal a "new" bit of information. Although TSMC is counting on some level of revenue contribution in the first quarter of 2017 from its 10-nanometer process, Sun told EETimes that the contribution to TSMC's overall revenue in the first quarter of 2017 will be "less than one percent." To put this into perspective, analysts expect TSMC to generate $7.63 billion in revenue during the first quarter of 2017. One percent of that would be $76 million, meaning TSMC is expecting to recognize less than that in 10-nanometer wafer revenue in the first quarter. In other words, the "real" volume is likely to show up in the second quarter -- and beyond. Implications for the iPad Pro Let's suppose TSMC recognizes $50 million in revenue from 10-nanometer wafers during the first quarter at $10,000 per wafer -- so, approximately 5,000 wafers -- and let's further suppose that all of it is for the upcoming Apple A10X chip. Going a little further, let's assume that the chip will measure in at around 130 square millimeters, a slight shrink from the 147 square millimeters of the A9X. And just to err on the side of caution, let's suppose only 50% of the chips that come off those wafers even work. BlueFin Research claims that yields are sub-50%, but bear with me. Using these numbers, a 300-millimeter wafer should produce around 457 chips total and about 229 good chips. That many good chips per wafer multiplied by 5,000 wafers gives us just over 1.1 million A10X chips. Last quarter, Apple shipped roughly 9.3 million iPads, though only a fraction of those were probably of the latest iPad Pro systems. If, by the time the new iPad Pro tablets formally launch, Apple has managed to stockpile about a million of the new models using the A10X chip with additional builds in progress, it seems unlikely that production of the A10X will prove a bottleneck in the production of Apple's next-generation iPad Pro tablets. Ashraf Eassa has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached at TMFChipFool@gmail.com. Follow him on Twitter: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info Dec 28, 2016 at 10:23AM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $115.75 down $0.98 (-0.84%) Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing NYSE:TSM $28.75 down $0.38 (-1.30%) Read More Taiwan Semiconductor Mfg. Co. Ltd. Reportedly Considering Wafer Price Cuts This Apple Supplier Is Banking on Soaring iPhone 7 Demand and Exploding Samsung Phones 3 Hot Tech Stocks to Buy in November NVIDIA Corporation May Turn to Samsung for Graphics Chip Manufacturing Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing's 2016 So Far Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current themotleyfool Apple Inc. Supplier Provides Insight on Next-Gen iPad Pro Tech #stocks $AAPL, $TSM
iDownloadBlog Home Jailbreak How to Jailbreak Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Cydia Unlock How to Unlock Unlock News iPhone iPhone News iPhone 6s iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6 iPhone Photography iPad iPad News iPad Air iPad mini Watch Apple Watch Guide Mac Mac Mac Apps Mac Tips TV Apple TV guide Apps iOS Apps Mac Apps Widgets Best Apps App Finder Tips Tips How to Tutorial iPhone Photography Download Deals Daily Deals: $70 off Beyerdynamic headphones, 10 iTunes movies for $10, and... Happy New Year firework wallpapers The top stories of the week on iDB How to use AirPods like a pro   skip to main content skip to main menu     Many Apple supply chain vendors won’t set up shop in U.S. even if Foxconn does By Christian Zibreg, Dec 28, 2016 Tweet 21 Comments After the United States President-elect Donald Trump promised tax incentives to Apple to build “Made in USA” iPhones, Japanese outlet Nikkei reported that Tim Cook & Co. already asked back in June its contract manufacturers Foxconn and Pegatron to look into assembling iPhones domestically. Foxconn reportedly complied, but don’t expect other Chinese vendors in Apple’s vast supply chain to follow suit. As reported Wednesday by Chinese-language outlet qq and cited by trade publication DigiTimes, most Chinese supply chain makers will not follow Foxconn even if Apple decides to shift production to U.S. That’s because moving production into the United States would incurred additional costs in environmental accommodations, in addition to higher labor and operating costs. China-based iPhone cover glass maker Lens Technology specifically indicated it will not set up production lines in the U.S. due to labor supply despite the fact that power and land costs are lower in the U.S. than in China. Lens Technology employs about 70,000 workers, aged below 45. By contrast, most labor in the U.S. is older that 45 years, the company said, adding that many workers in the U.S. are reluctant to accept varying working schedules. With many parts that go into iPhones being produced in Asia and sourced from Chinese and Taiwanese suppliers, moving Apple handset production to the U.S. is easier said than done. Apple would need to move its entire supply chain to the U.S., including makers of display panels, lens modules, touch panels, batteries, cases and so forth. These vendors are all within spitting distance of each other and can adapt quickly to changing market conditions. One unnamed supplier said that molding metal components to order takes ten days in Shenzhen versus up to one month in the U.S. Source: DigiTimes Share: Tweet Follow: Follow @iDownloadBlog We Recommend Sharp working to secure iPhone camera lens orders from Apple Foxconn reportedly developing OLED displays and glass casings for 10th Anniversary iPhone in 2017 Apple has reportedly commissioned three different manufacturers to build iPhone 8 AirPods manufacturer Inventec is expanding capacity to meet strong demand Related Topics Apple, Foxconn, Manufacturing, News, Production, Rumors, Supply leart i would love a iphone MADE IN USA.. askep3 The question is, how much Moreno would you pay for one? rhzszm Wouldn’t you like to know. Why doesn’t Apple test to see what the most someone in China or Germany will pay and give us fellow Americans a good deal? Rowan09 Won’t work. Labor is the biggest issue. Unless we don’t mind our taxes raising a lot more it won’t happen in the US. We can some parts made here, but assembly would have to be somewhere else or done by robots. rhzszm LOL WUT Rowan09 Who would be paying for these cuts given to companies? Answer is us so if we want these things, our taxes will raise. rhzszm What cuts? Rowan09 Our President Elect said he would give companies cuts if they make products here. Who is going to pay for these incentives? rhzszm Oh, those cuts. I suspect the new leadership is going to examine the cuts we already give them! Rowan09 If that was it, they would already have a lot more jobs here. rhzszm Jobs doing what? Bugs Bunnay right there with ya Rowan09 The same jobs they are trying to get here now. techfreak23 “By contrast, most labor in the U.S. is older that 45 years, the company said, adding that many workers in the U.S. are reluctant to accept varying working schedules.” And therein lies part of the unemployment problem in the US. There are a lot of people who think certain jobs are beneath them or won’t shift their schedule around to fit a requested work schedule. If you NEED a job, you can’t really afford to be picky about it. Also bothers me when people say that immigrants are taking all of our jobs. Well those are usually the jobs no one else wants. sabbadoo32 Are you talking about fast-food, landscaping, etc; or are you talking about advanced tech? If one has worked for 7-10 years and built up a family and lifestyle around $50-65k/year, is a $35-40k job beneath them? Or is it simply not enough? If they take the lower income and then try to work part time, I would imagine you’ve heard the stories of how working 2 jobs means a less effective employee, parent, etc. Or is that all bullshit in your world? You are trying to shoehorn less money for kids, food, transportation, etc into dusty old political rhetoric. Foxconn line workers make $2.50-$5.00/hour, local wages. This isn’t going to magically turn into $25-40/hr jobs in the US. Apple making an iPhone in the US is going to become a battle cry for those that don’t understand the details of manufacturing and supply chain management–and don’t want to either. They just want it to happen, like Immaculate Conception. techfreak23 This article isn’t even talking about high skilled jobs. It’s talking about production line manufacturing jobs that don’t require a high skill set. They’re not talking about bringing the R&D centers here to the States, just the manufacturing and assembly aspect of it. sabbadoo32 In terms of “jobs Americans won’t do” what does that mean? If there’s a single mother interested in working a job like this but can’t coordinate a reliable babysitter around the variable schedule they speak of in the article, what should she do? Not have a child, or not get divorced? rhzszm You can build cheaper anywhere there are starving people but American companies need to hire American workers first. They need to exhaust absolutely all possibilities before importing people for “critical work” they won’t pay an American top dollar to do. Rowan09 It’s better to not take a job be on assistance than to take a low paying job and be too rich for assistance. I voted for President Obama twice but while they brag about unemployment being low, I care more about how many high paying or skilled jobs were created. Wages are way too low for example minimum wage in NY is $9 while no one can have an apartment or even rent a room and survive on $9. In some other states where the cost of living is lower minimum wage is higher and I’m assuming it due to population. We need to fix this issue before telling poor people just take any job. Bugs Bunnay and how many trillion dollars in debt are we? let’s not talk about other countries when we got problems of our own back at home. rhzszm Yeah, that’s not going to work, not the rebuilding of manufacturing Americans have in mind. Tim Cook should be ashamed of himself if he plans to import a million Chinese to America to live on factory plantations making the same bowl of rice salaries. And where are all these Chinese workers supposed to live, send their kids to school? I suppose they’ll all be on Obamacare too, right? What a raw deal for the American people. They pulled this same kind of crap in the garment industry in Italy… Imported Chinese labor to live on factory plantations in Italy so they could say “Made in Italy” on the clothing.   Search Connect with iDownloadBlog Facebook Become a fan RSS Get the latest news YouTube Watch Us Twitter Stay up to date Newsletter News delivered to you Google+ Add us to your circle   The most recent headlines Apple Chinese New Year promo: free Beats Solo3 headphones with Mac or iPhone Resetting AirPods fixes charging case battery woes for some users Rumor: Apple seeding first iOS 10.3 beta on January 10 with new ‘Theatre’ mode Daily Deals: $70 off Beyerdynamic headphones, 10 iTunes movies for $10, and more Beautiful iPhone 7 photos show New Year’s Eve celebrations around the world   The latest jailbreak news Jailbreak tweaks of the week: CCLowPower, CCRecord, Evanesco, & more… CCLowPower adds a Low Power Mode toggle to Control Center ForceInPicture enables Picture in Picture mode on unsupported devices CCRecord: a tweak to quickly and easily record your iPhone screen Customize your iOS 10 Control Center toggle colors with Cream 2 and Creamless iDownloadBlog           iDownloadblog.com About About Advertise Contact Keep in Touch Twitter Facebook RSS Feed Newsletter Push Notifications Podcasts Let's Talk iOS Let's Talk Jailbreak Site Stuff Disclosure Privacy Policy   Copyright iDownloadBlog 2017. This website is not affiliated with Apple.
obsessions our picks latest popular like us on facebook follow us on twitter quartz index about us register log in log out Events Atlas quartz quartz India quartz Africa Change your edition back to menu TEACHING AID Apple’s first research paper tries to solve a problem facing every company working on AI Written by Dave Gershgorn Obsession Machines with Brains December 27, 2016 Handing out the latest research. (Ryan Emberley/Invision for Apple/AP Images) Share Written by Dave Gershgorn Obsession Machines with Brains December 27, 2016 A few days before Christmas and Hanukkah festivities began, Apple gave a little something to the artificial intelligence research community: its first research paper. The paper, authored by six of Apple’s researchers, doesn’t focus on AI that someone with an iPhone might interact with, but rather how to create enough data to effectively train it. Specifically, the research focuses on making realistic fake images—mostly of humans—to train facial recognition AI. It addresses a core problem: training a machine takes a huge amount of data. Moreover, training a machine on matters like faces and body language can take a ton of personal data. The ability to manufacture this kind of training data and still achieve high results could allow Apple to build AI that understand how humans function (the way we move our hands or look around a screen) without needing to use any user data while building the software. Apple’s published research focuses on those two examples: identifying hand gestures and detecting where people are looking, examples of basic image recognition problems that could be applied to anything from tracking user behavior to a wave-to-unlock iPhone feature. In both cases, the researchers took established datasets of synthetic images, and used a neural network trained on real images to refine them to look more realistic. The system then compares the refined image to a real image, attempts to decide which picture is real, and then updates itself based on what the system judged as fake compared to the real image. As the researchers write, the end result is “state-of-the-art results without any labeled real data.” The work that Apple decided to present first is interesting. It’s not speech recognition for Siri, or a PR stunt for some new Maps feature. Rather, it’s research that very much falls in line with an established trend of 2016: using neural networks to generate new data instead of just identifying it. The research also nods toward user data security, a drum that Apple beats loudly and often. While some companies like Google and Facebook use vast quantities of user data to train their algorithms, Apple’s entire pitch has been that nobody has access to what’s on an iPhone but the iPhone’s owner. This kind of work makes the statement that Apple will keep up with other tech companies and still honor the privacy it promised users. Researchers write that the next possible avenues of research could be using the same technique for videos. Read full story home our picks popular latest obsessions search
  Follow us on            twitter       Facebook     Linkedin Home Af-Soomaali Africa Europe Asia Middle East World news Contact Us Somalia news News Ticker [ 2nd January 2017 ] A promising new year for Somalia, as the world ushers in 2017 Featured [ 2nd January 2017 ] Africa: The United States Applauds Republic of Congo Agreement United states of america [ 2nd January 2017 ] Charting Our AI Future technology [ 2nd January 2017 ] Jermy corbyn could quit before next election-Union Boss United Kindom [ 2nd January 2017 ] Traffic growth and airline profitability were highlights of air transport in 2016 Africa Search for: HometechnologyChina-made smartphones win greater market share in 2016 China-made smartphones win greater market share in 2016 28th December 2016 Mo technology 0 sponsored Links mareeg.com-As the largest market for smartphones, China has seen a decreased market share held byleading phone-makers including Apple and Samsung in 2016, with domestic brands beingthe biggest beneficiaries of these drop-offs, Economic Information reported on Dec. 28.   Samsung’s market share dropped by 14.2 percent in the third quarter of 2016, thecompany’s worst performance to date, which has mainly been attributed to widespreadbattery explosions of Samsung phones over the past year. But there’s no guarantee thebrand will return to the top even if it survives its current crisis. Meanwhile, Samsung’s foreign peer, Apple, has also failed to maintain its earlierperformance. With steadily decreasing sales, China has lost its title as Apple’s secondlargest market. One factor in this decline may be insufficient innovation. Experiencing”iPhone fatigue,” more and more Chinese customers are now moving to domestic brands. Since the first quarter of 2016, shipments of Chinese smartphones for the first timesurpassed the totals of Apple and Samsung. Statistics from global market intelligenceprovider TrendForce showed that production of Chinese smartphones reached 600 millionin 2016, accounting for 45 percent of the global total. In addition to marketing, Chinese brands are also devoting energy to new technologies.For instance, some Chinese phone-makers are already leading in technologies such as 5G,artificial intelligence, virtual reality and 3-D images. With the rise of Chinese brands comes frequent patent litigation between Chineseproducers and their foreign competitors. For this reason, analysts said domestic brandsmust systematically study international patent licensing and build their own patentportfolios as quickly as possible.  Source: People’s Daily    Sharing is caring! Facebook Twitter Google+ More from my this site Cybercriminals target African countries with ransomware Threat research for November 2016 reveals both Locky and Cryptowall attacks increased by 10% globally over the past month JOHANNESBURG, South Africa, 21 December 2016,- (AMA)- Check […] Africa’s cities urged to bring technology to the masses PRETORIA, South Africa, November 4, 2016/ -Mareeg-The annual Senior Experts Dialogue on Science, Technology and the African Transformation Agenda continued in South Africa Thursday with […] Peugeot Target Back-To-Back Dakar Wins With New Car After coming back into the sport to triumph nine months ago through Stéphane Peterhansel, Team Peugeot Total are looking to follow up with another victory in 2017 - and a brand new […] On the Cusp of an AI Revolution by Marc Benioff-SAN FRANCISCO – Over the last 30 years, consumers have reaped the benefits of dramatic technological advances. In many countries, most people now have in their pockets […] Previous One-China principle an irreversible trend Next How to Help the African Dust Bowl Random articles Turkiga: Maxkamad amartay in lasoo xiro 5 hogaamiye oo Alshabaab ah Af-Soomaali 2nd June 2014 0 Boosaaso: Madaxweynaha Puntland oo kormeeray qaxootiga kasoo cararay Yemen Af-Soomaali 23rd May 2015 0 Af-Soomaali Daawo sawirrada Jaziiradda Kudhaa ee Jubada Hoose 15th April 2015 0 Featured Somali Fishermen Welcome Food and Water from Operation Atalanta’s Italian Sailors 16th September 2016 0 Af-Soomaali Cabdi Qeybdiid: Puntland waxey dhaqaale siisaa koox dumarka kufsada iyo burcad 8th October 2014 0 News in pictures Follow on Facebook Watch:Streatham community participating politics Tweets Liked by @Mareegonline Latest posts A promising new year for Somalia, as the world ushers in 2017 2nd January 2017 0 Africa: The United States Applauds Republic of Congo Agreement 2nd January 2017 0 Charting Our AI Future 2nd January 2017 0 Recent Comments JTS on China will firmly protect its legitimate interests and multilateral trade system JTS on China will firmly protect its legitimate interests and multilateral trade system Miracle River on Female Circumcision (FGM) an Acknowledged Cultural ritual or a violation of Women’s right. Asia Myanmar – Sri Lanka:Fomenting unrest and distrust Asia 11th December 2016 0 Middle East The Persecution Of Christians In The Middle East Middle East 15th December 2016 0 Sport Somalia inaugurate first ever regional football league Featured 30th December 2016 0 Food The Plant-Based Solution to Hunger Food 28th December 2016 0 Entertainment Crime:10 Creepy Books Based on Real-Life Crimes Entertainment 31st December 2016 0 Technology Charting Our AI Future technology 2nd January 2017 0 Economy Manufacturing tycoon’s investment in U.S. sparkes debateover China’s global competitiveness china 21st December 2016 0 Editorial The Plant-Based Solution to Hunger Editorial 28th December 2016 0 The late president Fidel Castro and Somali nationalism dreams…..!! Editorial 26th December 2016 0 USA Africa: The United States Applauds Republic of Congo Agreement United states of america 2nd January 2017 0 Economy Sports Business Health politics Mareeg media Mareeg Cookies Policy Our Website uses cookies to improve your experience. Please visit our Privacy policy page for more information about cookies and how we use them. Close
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: 2 Stocks Warren Buffett Should Buy In 2017 It's impossible to know what the Oracle of Omaha will buy next, but here are two stocks he might like. Matthew Frankel (TMFMathGuy) Dec 27, 2016 at 8:33AM As I write this, Berkshire Hathaway (NYSE:BRK-A) (NYSE:BRK-B), the conglomerate led by Warren Buffett, has a stockpile of about $85 billion in cash on its balance sheet. While the exact investments Buffett and his team will decide to make next are anyone's guess, we do know what Buffett looks for in his investments, and can apply these principles to find our own "Buffett stocks." Image Source: The Motley Fool. An industry leader with a wide moat One stock I'd like to see Warren Buffett buy in 2017 is Realty Income (NYSE:O). Now, I don't think this is a likely Berkshire investment, as real estate is completely absent from the company's stock portfolio, but I think the stock has a lot of Buffett qualities, specifically a low-risk business model, a small debt load, and a fantastic history of dividend growth and total returns. As far as the business model goes, Realty Income acquires freestanding retail properties and leases them to high-quality tenants, most of which have recession- and competition-resistant businesses. For example, dollar stores and warehouse clubs make up a large portion of the portfolio, and these types of businesses actually tend to do better in tough economies. Tenants sign long-term (15-20-year initial term) net leases, which require them to cover property taxes, insurance, and maintenance costs. In other words, most of the variable expenses are paid by the tenant -- Realty Income simply collects a predictably growing rent check for a couple of decades. Debt makes up just 23% of Realty Income's total capitalization -- low for a real estate business. Debt maturities are well-laddered, and 90% of the debt is fixed-rate, with a weighted average interest rate of just 4.1% Finally, it's tough to argue with the company's track record. Realty Income has increased its dividend for 77 consecutive quarters at an annualized growth rate of 4.6% (the yield is 4.3% as of this writing). What's more, the stock has generated an annualized total return of 17.9% since its 1994 NYSE listing, an impressive level of performance to sustain for such a long time. Image Source: Realty Income. Will Berkshire double down on this tech giant? One of the stocks I think Warren Buffett should buy in 2017 is one he already owns -- Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL). As of the latest available data, Berkshire owns about 15.2 million shares of apple worth $1.8 billion. This may sound like a lot, but it is rather small in comparison to the size of some other Berkshire investments such as Wells Fargo ($26.8 billion), Coca-Cola ($16.6 billion), or IBM ($13.6 billion). As we head into 2017, I'd like to see Buffett and his stock pickers double down on this one. For one thing, Apple is still cheap. It has underperformed the market over the past year and since the election, and trades at less than 13 times 2017's expected earnings. And while the company's growth is unlikely to be as impressive as the past (Apple is simply too big to grow rapidly), some of the recent data has been quite impressive. As an example, Apple's free cash flow grew by 23% year-over-year as of the most recent quarter, and its service revenue from products like Apple Music and Apple pay grew by 24%. Also, Apple's projection of $77 billion in revenue during the holiday quarter would be the company's best yet. Finally, Apple has the potential to be one of the market's best dividend growth stocks for the foreseeable future. The current 2% yield represents a payout ratio of just 28% of Apple's TTM earnings, leaving lots of room to raise the payout (not to mention the 12-figure cash stockpile). Since Apple first paid a dividend in 2012, the company has increased the payout at a 10.7% annualized rate, and has stated its intention to increase its dividend every year. And I see no reason the company can't keep up its dividend growth rate for years to come. The bottom line To be clear, I'm not saying that Berkshire Hathaway will buy either of these -- although I wouldn't be surprised to see the Apple stake increase in 2017. Instead, my point is that these are two "Buffett-like" investments that we can take advantage of. Matthew Frankel owns shares of Apple, Berkshire Hathaway (B shares), and Realty Income. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple and Berkshire Hathaway (B shares). The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool recommends Coca-Cola. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Matthew Frankel (TMFMathGuy) Matt brought his love of teaching and investing to the Fool in 2012 in order to help people invest better. Matt specializes in writing about the best opportunities in bank stocks, REITs, and personal finance, but loves any investment at the right price. Follow me on Twitter to keep up with all of the best financial coverage! Follow @TMFMathGuy Article Info Dec 27, 2016 at 8:33AM Financials Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $115.75 down $0.98 (-0.84%) Berkshire Hathaway (A shares) NYSE:BRK-A $244,121.00 down $-379.00 (-0.16%) Berkshire Hathaway (B shares) NYSE:BRK-B $162.98 down $0.07 (-0.04%) Realty Income NYSE:O $57.48 up $0.85 (1.50%) Read More 3 Stocks We're Never Selling 3 Things You Probably Didn't Know About Berkshire Hathaway Berkshire Hathaway Earnings Preview: What You Should Know 3 Warren Buffett Stocks to Buy in December How Wells Fargo Just Dodged a Bullet Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current themotleyfool 2 Stocks Warren Buffett Should Buy In 2017 #stocks $AAPL, $BRK-A, $BRK-B, $O
Tech Entertainment Business Social Deals Podcast About Mobile Apple engineer describes what it was like to work on the original iPhone Yoni Heisler @edibleapple December 26th, 2016 at 10:34 AM Share Tweet When Steve Jobs decided that Apple should go ahead and build its own branded smartphone, he entrusted his trusty lieutenant Scott Forstall to assemble a team of Apple’s best and most ambitious engineers to develop what would ultimately be known as iOS. That Jobs was quick to give Forstall so much responsibility wasn’t much of a surprise. Throughout the early-mid 2000s, Forstall played an increasingly important role in spearheading successive versions of OS X. What’s more, Forstall already had a strong working relationship with Jobs stemming from their time together at NeXT. Don't Miss: This free web app will tell you the instant AirPods are in stock nearby Jobs famously gave Forstall a lot of leeway to develop Apple’s iPhone team as he saw fit. Indeed, the only constraint Jobs gave Forstall was that he couldn’t hire anyone from outside the company. In typical Apple fashion, development on the iPhone was to be kept a closely guarded secret. During Apple’s 2012 patent lawsuit with Samsung, a deposition of Forstall revealed all sorts of interesting details about how Apple developed the iPhone under lock and key. One of the more interesting aspects of how the iPhone came to be is that Forstall didn’t even tell prospective team members what they’d be working on. Instead, Forstall explained to engineers that Apple was working on an incredible new product and that if they were willing to join the team, they would have to “work hard, give up nights, and work weekends for years.” Forstall also divulged that the secretive iPhone project was internally known as “Project Purple”, and work done on the project was conducted under heavy security. As Forstall explained a few years back: “The [Project Purple] team took one of Apple’s Cupertino buildings and locked it down. It started with a single floor with badge readers and cameras. In some cases, even workers on the team would have to show their badges five or six times.” Adding even more detail to an already intriguing story, former Apple engineer Terry Lambert recently took to Quora where he described his experience working on the original iPhone team. Lambert says that he came to the iPhone team late during the development process as a kernel debugger, but his experience on the uber-secretive iOS team is nonetheless fascinating. So I got taken into areas where there were black cloths everywhere… I only got to see the machine doing the remote debugging, not the target — but it was obviously an ARM based system. … When you finally got read in, you signed an NDA that let you see the NDA that had the code name on it. You couldn’t see the code name, until you agreed not to discuss the code name. … After the read in, you got access to the “secret lab”. That’s a lab inside the main lab. You may have access to the regular lab, but not the “secret lab”. You didn’t really get to see the form factor, because when you are doing the initial work, it’s all prototypes on plexiglass. Lambert also details how Apple will sometimes assign groups working on the same project different code names. In turn, two engineers might be working on the exact same mysterious project and assume that they’re actually working on two separate things. His full answer can be read on Quora. For anyone with even a passing interest in Apple history, it’s a captivating peek behind Apple’s notoriously closed-off curtains. Lastly, Apple’s 2012 lawsuit with Samsung revealed all sorts of previously unknown details about the iPhone’s early days, including the iOS feature Steve Jobs cared about the most and a fascinating look at original iPhone prototypes that were never released. We compiled some of the best unearthed secrets from that trial over here. Tags: Apple, Apple History, iOS View Comments Trending 1 Gaming CNN uses screenshot from ‘Fallout 4’ to show how Russians hack things 2 Mobile This rumored Galaxy S8 feature would be like nothing you’ve ever seen on an iPhone 3 Security Hackers have a new way to steal your banking login using WhatsApp 4 Mobile Here’s what a Jet Black iPhone 7 Plus looks like after 3 months without a case 5 Entertainment The 10 best new movies and TV shows coming to Netflix in January Picked For You This rumored Galaxy S8 feature would be like nothing you’ve ever seen on an iPhone By Zach Epstein January 2nd at 1:36 PM iOS 10.3 might introduce an intriguing new ‘Theatre mode’ By Yoni Heisler December 31st at 8:01 PM CNN uses screenshot from ‘Fallout 4’ to show how Russians hack things By Mike Wehner January 2nd at 2:07 PM Advertise About Contact Copyright 2017 BGR Media, LLC Powered by WordPress.com VIP | Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Rights | Terms Of Use
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Apple in 2017: What’s next for Mac, iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch & Apple TV this year Trending in Apple Apple Watch, New Year’s resolutions, and losing 50 pounds Trending in Reviews Hands-on: LG Apple-endorsed 5K Display – an UltraFine choice for MacBook Pro owners? [Video] Trending in Apple Review: Nanoleaf’s Aurora smart lighting panels match modular customization with HomeKit control [Video] Trending in Apple iPhone 8: Everything we currently know about Apple’s 10th anniversary flagship Trending in Apple Comment: Apple continues to explore bringing the Digital Crown to iPhones & iPads, and I still like the idea December 28, 2016 AAPL: 116.76 -0.50 How to store Final Cut Pro X libraries on a NAS by using a disk image workaround [Video] Jeff Benjamin - 5 days ago @JeffBenjam Final Cut Pro X View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit If you’ve ever tried to store a Final Cut Pro X library on an external hard drive connected to your local network, or via an actual NAS from a company like Synology, then you’ve likely been greeted with an unsupported volume type error. This error is there to let you know that you must store a library on a local, SAN, or supported SMB location. However, it is possible to save a library on a NAS by properly wielding a disk image created via the macOS Disk Utility. Depending on your local setup and network speed, it could make a viable network storage option for your Final Cut Pro X libraries. Have a look at our hands-on video walkthrough to see how it works, and learn about this method’s pluses and minuses. Note: This method of storing libraries on a network location isn’t officially supported, recommended, or endorsed by Apple. To use this storage method with large media, particularly 4K media, you will generally need a fast hard-wired network connection. Using proxy media is also a good way to increase speed and responsiveness when accessing a Final Cut Pro X event over a network connection. It should also be noted that in Final Cut Pro 10.3, Apple has added better support for shared storage, including NAS support. Your Linux-based NAS will need to be running Samba 4.3.4 in order to work properly with Final Cut Pro X. Synology’s DiskStation Manager 6.1, which is still in beta, will bring this support to Synology NAS systems. Once DSM 6.1 is released and my DS916+ is updated, I’ll be sure to come back with a full tutorial that shows how to implement Apple’s official method for storing libraries on a NAS. What normally happens when trying to save libraries on an unsupported shared location If your NAS doesn’t meet the requirements, or if you’re just using an external hard drive attached to your router, then this alternative method may be helpful if you wish to manage libraries from a network location. Video tutorial Subscribe to 9to5Mac on YouTube for more tutorials How to add a Final Cut Pro X library to a shared network location Step 1: Open Disk Utility and click File → New Image → Blank Image. Step 2: Use the following parameters, but change the Size of the disk to whatever size you need. Be sure to add enough storage space, as libraries can get really large. Because we’re using a sparse disk image, the initial size of the image won’t be the size you initially designate, but it will grow to that size as your storage needs increase. Initial file size will be somewhere around 1GB, so you can save it to your desktop without running the risk of filling up your Mac’s internal storage. Size and names may vary, but these parameters work well Step 3: Once all of the parameters are in place, click the Save button to save the disk image to your desktop and close out of Disk Utility. Step 4: Move the created disk image to the network storage location. Step 5: After the disk image is on the network storage location, open it to mount the disk. You will then see the disk as a location in Finder. Step 6: Open Final Cut Pro X and click File → New → Library. Step 7: Point to the disk mounted in step 6, give the library a name and click save. Step 8: Highlight the library and click File → Library Properties, and ensure that Media is set to In Library. If not, you can click the Modify Settings button to change this parameter. Step 9: In Final Cut Pro X’s preferences, under the Import section, make sure that Copy to library storage location is selected. Step 10: Now you may begin creating new events, projects, and ingesting media into your new library located on the shared drive. Keep in mind that you will need a fast local network connection for this to work smoothly, and a hardwired gigabit Ethernet connection preferred. Also, be sure to have enough storage space available to accommodate a library. Final Cut Pro X libraries, depending on the type of media you’re working with, can quickly venture into multiple-terabyte territory. If you’re using a NAS, it might be a good idea to have a modestly sized library, and once finished with edited projects, move the projects or high quality exported files to a backup location. This will not only provide you with needed backups, but it will keep your library size manageable. Editing a video stored on my Synology DS916+ If you have the needed bandwidth and shared storage space, then the benefits of having libraries there are obvious. If you have limited storage on your MacBook, then you can keep all of that data off of your main drive. It also allows you to access large libraries from various areas around the house or office, without needing to tether an external drive. Granted, there are downsides as well, as we’ve discussed throughout this article. The biggest downside is that this is not an officially supported method by Apple, so your mileage may vary. It will, as mentioned, also require lots of disk space on your network shared storage, and a fast LAN connection. If you’re working with 4K media, or high bitrate Full HD media, you may be forced to employ the use of proxy media in your editing workflow. Not only is proxy media much easier on your machine from a processor perspective, it’s also less bandwidth intensive because the file size is a fraction of the media’s original size. I used proxy media when connected wirelessly via my Airport Extreme, and while directly connected to the router via Ethernet and both experiences were smooth. Overall performance will depend on your local network connection, the speed of the storage media, and of course your machine itself. If you’re working on a fast connection with storage media that can keep up, then you should expect performance that’s roughly in the ballpark of media stored in a local library when utilizing proxy media. Keep in mind that this setup probably won’t (and shouldn’t) be a long-term solution for most, but if you want the ability to work on editing projects from anywhere while connected to your local network, and you want your media to reside on a NAS, then this is a good stop-gap solution until more official methods are available to utilize. Once the Synology DSM 6.1 release goes public, we’ll be back with another tutorial that takes advantage of the new shared storage features in Final Cut Pro 10.3. Guides Final Cut Pro X Final Cut Pro X is a non-linear trackless video editing application (NLE) created by Apple for the Mac. View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Mashable We're using cookies to improve your experience. Click Here to find out more. Mashable Mashable Asia Mashable Australia Mashable France Mashable India Mashable UK Sign in Like Follow Follow Mashable see more  > Search Videos Social Media Tech Business Entertainment World Lifestyle Watercooler Shop More Channels Videos Social Media Tech Business Entertainment World Lifestyle Watercooler Shop Company About Us Licensing & Reprints Archive Mashable Careers Contact Contact Us Submit News Advertise Advertise Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Cookie Policy Apps iPhone / iPad Android Resources Subscriptions Sites Mashable Shop Job Board Social Good Summit Tech Like Follow Follow Your Apple Watch will guilt you into working out in the New Year 1.0k Shares Share Tweet Share What's This? Image: Apple By Brett Williams2016-12-28 15:32:32 UTC If you strapped on your Apple Watch this morning and immediately got a reminder that you need to hit the gym after your holiday feasting, you weren't the only one starting off the day feeling guilty.  Today, Apple sent every Apple Watch owner in the world a push notification announcing the "Ring in the New Year Challenge" — yet another reminder that every January should be spent exercising the last year's woes (and surplus poundage) away.  SEE ALSO: You can finally play 'Pokémon Go' on an Apple Watch It's a simple concept: starting Jan. 2, the Challenge begins. From Monday to Sunday each week of the month, Apple Watch users will be encouraged to close all three Activity rings by running, swimming, or doing whatever cross-training activity that strikes their fancy to fill the quota.  With four full weeks in the month, there are four opportunities to earn the achievement. Participants will be prompted to share their goals and achievements on social media, because the one thing the month of January needs is more people posting about their health goals and fitspo aspirations.   Image: apple A special notification, along with an achievement badge and pack of stickers (which can be shared and used in iMessage) will be the prize for winners — because living a new healthy lifestyle just can't be enough.  This is the second year in a row Apple has drawn attention to the Watch around the New Year. In 2015 in an exclusive interview with Mashable, Apple VP of Technology Kevin Lynch touted the Watch's accuracy and encouraged wearers to count down to midnight together to ensure that everyone was celebrating at the exact same moment. This year, Apple Watch wearers will be sweating together to ring in 2017— making the annual influx of New Year's resolution workout warriors in gyms everywhere just a bit more well-connected. BONUS: Definitely take the $369 Apple Watch Series 2 for a swim Topics: 2017, Apple Watch , Health & Fitness, Fashion, Gadgets, January, New Year, New Year's Resolutions, Tech About Us Jobs Advertise Subscribe Privacy Terms Mashable is a global, multi-platform media and entertainment company. Powered by its own proprietary technology, Mashable is the go-to source for tech, digital culture and entertainment content for its dedicated and influential audience around the globe. ©2005-2017 Mashable, Inc. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved. Designed in collaboration with Code & Theory
null
null
null
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish Jet White iPhone 7 Mockup Seen In Video By Adnan Farooqui on 12/28/2016 07:10 PST Apple is already selling the iPhone 7 in a new color that it’s calling Jet Black but there have been rumors that perhaps the company will offer the handset in a completely opposite color option as well that’s currently being referred to as Jet White. Apple hasn’t said anything about this yet but now a mockup of the rumored Jet White iPhone 7 has surfaced online in a new video. The video was posted online by Sonny Dickson, someone who has leaked mockups of various Apple mobile devices in the past, the video shows shiny white casings that might have been sourced from a third-party based in China. This doesn’t really confirm whether or not Apple is going to offer the iPhone 7 in Jet White. It’s evident from the video that these casings are not OEM hardware and are rather mockups that have been created by an independent party. It was first reported in November that sources in Apple’s supply chain were claiming that the company was thinking about releasing the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus in a glossy white color to go along with the Jet Black option it’s already offering. The reports didn’t really say when Apple would be doing that so it’s anybody’s guess at this point in time. If you like what you see then keep your fingers crossed, there’s not much else you can do. Could this be the Jet White iPhone 7? pic.twitter.com/pHoDiZ63ON — Sonny Dickson (@SonnyDickson) December 27, 2016 Filed in Cellphones. Read more about iphone 7 and iphone 7 plus. Key Specs iPhone 7 Plus iPhone 7 Status Released Released Display Diagonal 5.5" (13.97 cm) 4.7" (11.94 cm) Processor/Soc Name A10 Fusion A10 Street Price (Approx) ~ $895 Search low iPhone 7 Plus price (Amazon) ~ $685 Search low iPhone 7 price (Amazon) Max. Total Storage Capacity 256 GB 256 GB Megapixels 12 Megapixel 12 Megapixel Battery Capacity (mAh) 2900 mAh 1960 mAh Complete product data Apple iPhone 7 Plus Full specs and details Apple iPhone 7 Full specs and details Related Articles 2016-12-29 Analysts Say iPhone 7 Not Good Enough To Benefit From Galaxy Note 7 Failure 2016-12-23 iFixit Ranks The LG G5 As The Most Repairable Phone Of 2016 2016-12-21 djay Pro for iPhone Released With Many New Features 2016-12-15 Super Mario Run iOS Download Goes Live 2016-12-06 iPhone 7 Wireless Charging Enabled Battery Case Launched By Mophie 2016-11-07 Jet White iPhone 7 Color Option Rumored 2016-10-20 Jet Black iPhone 7 Plus Will Only Be Shipping In December 2016-10-17 iPhone 7 Verizon LTE Issues Fixed By iOS 10.0.3 Google Exec: iPhone Crystallized Smartphone UI Design Teens Killed While Trying To Take A Selfie With A Plane Apple Sued For Apparently Crippling The iPhone 4S With iOS 9 Update North Korea’s Red Star OS Has Absolutely Zero Privacy Son Waits 8 Years To Pull Revenge Xbox Prank On His Dad GoPro Attached To A Cannonball Results In Pretty Interesting Footage User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
E-BUSINESS | TECHNOLOGY | CRM | LINUX | ECTNEWS.COM Welcome Guest | Sign In Cybersecurity Computing Applications Data Management Hardware Chips Personal Computers Servers Operating Systems Internet Internet of Things Online Entertainment Search Tech Social Networking Web Apps IT Developers IT Leadership Network Management Mobile Tech Mobile Apps Smartphones Tablets Wearable Tech Wireless Networking Reviews Security Cybersecurity Hacking Malware Privacy Technology Audio/Video Emerging Tech Virtual Reality Gaming Home Tech How-To Photography Science Health Space Tech Buzz Tech Law Transportation Tech Blog  Reader Services  Account Management Discussion News Alerts Newsletters Reader Surveys RSS / Headline Feeds Search ECT News Network ECT News Network Map CRM Buyer Site Map E-Commerce Times Site Map LinuxInsider Site Map TechNewsWorld Site Map January 2, 2017 07:18:48 PM PST TechNewsWorld > Security > Cybersecurity | ECT News Network will operate on an abbreviated schedule until Tuesday, Jan. 3. We wish everyone the best of holidays and a prosperous 2017! 2017: More Apple Security Flaws, Cyberattacks, Hacktivisim By John P. Mello Jr. Dec 28, 2016 6:00 AM PT More security vulnerabilities will appear in the software of Adobe and Apple than in Microsoft's, more attacks on the Internet's infrastructure will occur, and cybersecurity events will stoke international tensions. Those are a few of the predictions for 2017 that security experts shared with TechNewsWorld. Users of Apple desktops and laptops for years have been relatively insulated from the kinds of malicious activity that has besieged those in the Windows world, but that's going to change next year, warned Trend Micro. More software flaws will affect Adobe and Apple in 2017, compared to Microsoft, the company noted in a security predictions report. Declining PC sales and an exodus to mobile platforms have dampened interest in targeting devices running Windows, Trend Micro explained. Microsoft also has upped its security game in recent times, which has made it more difficult for attackers to find vulnerabilities in Windows. Follow the Money Signs of hackers' increased interest in Adobe and Apple started appearing in 2016, Trend Micro noted. Zero day vulnerabilities -- flaws unknown to researchers until malicious actors exploit them -- numbered 135 for Adobe compared to 76 for Microsoft. Meanwhile, Apple's vulnerability count during the same period increased to 50, shooting up from 25 in 2015. The increased attention Apple has drawn from criminals can be associated with its growing success in the desktop and laptop market. "There's a much broader use of Apple products now," said Ed Cabrera, vice president of cybersecurity strategy at Trend Micro. "The criminals go where consumers and enterprises are," he told TechNewsWorld. "If consumers and enterprises are utilizing more Apple products, then that's where they're going to focus their activity, because that's where the money is going to be." Upstream Attacks Distributed denial of service attacks long have functioned as a cyberweapon against websites, but their use reached a new level in 2016, when they disrupted Internet service in parts of North America and Europe by choking an important piece of Net infrastructure: the domain name system. The DNS converts domain names into corresponding IP addresses. If a domain name can't be paired with its IP address, then a browser becomes lost on the Net. More "upstream" attacks on the Internet will take place in 2017, said Chase Cunningham, director of cyberoperations at A10 Networks. "If you're an enemy of someone who depends on the Internet for business or commerce, last year it was shown that if you upstream a little bit and launch a crafted Denial of Service attack, you can bring down large provider websites and infrastructure," he told TechNewsWorld. "In 2017, we're going to see more upstream attacks, and DDoS is going to make a comeback as a cyberweapon," Cunningham said. "We're going to see a powerful denial of service attack on something that will cause problems for a national infrastructure." Geopolitics Feeding Cyberattacks Simmering tensions over nations hacking nations will come to a boil in 2017, predicted Tom Kellermann, CEO of Strategic Cyber Ventures. "Geopolitics will be the harbinger for cyberattacks in 2017," he told TechNewsWorld. Those cyberattacks will be fostered by both old and new presidents of the United States. "Due to the president elect's rhetoric against China, Chinese hacking will begin again with increased vigor," Kellermann said. "North Korea will leverage IoT for more denial of service attacks against the West." In addition, he continued, Trump's anti-Muslim statements during the presidential campaign have increased the membership of cyberterrorist organizations -- like al-Qaida and the Cyber Caliphate -- that will use their new resources to dismantle and destroy U.S. infrastructure in the coming year. Russian cyberattacks also will increase. "Once President Obama takes revenge upon Putin for the hacking of the election and other things, you will see increased cybermilitia activity via Russian proxies in Eastern Europe against the U.S.," Kellermann said. Election Hangover A cyberhangover from a divisive and inconclusive presidential election also can be expected in 2017. "Disillusioned American voters will become more inclined toward hacktivism," Kellermann predicted. That hacktivism will be more destructive than it has been in the past, he said. For example, ransomware will be used to encrypt data solely for denying access to that data and not for ransom. Malicious software delivering "wiper" payloads, which destroy data, also will increase. Voter disillusionment could give old line hactivist groups, like Anonymous, a new reason for being. "Anonymous has been fractured for some time," Kellermann noted. "On Jan. 20, you could see a consolidation of Anonymous once again, for the cause of acting out against the incoming administration." Breach Diary Dec. 12. Quest Diagnoistics, a medical lab operator based in New Jersey, says it's investigating data breach in November that placed at risk the personal health information of some 34,000 people. Dec. 13. KFC in the UK advises some 1.2 million members of its Colonel's Club loyalty program to reset their passwords because of an intrusion at program's website. Dec. 13. Data for more than 200 million people allegedly from credit agency Experian is being offered on sale on the Dark Web for US$600, CSO Online reports. Dec. 13. A 17-year-old youth who previously admitted to cyberattack costing UK telecom company TalkTalk $75 million is sentenced to 12-month rehabilitation order in British court. Dec. 13. October data breach at Peachtree Orthopedics in Atlanta put 531,000 people at risk of identity theft, WSB-TV reports. Dec. 13. Frederick County Public Schools in Maryland says some 1,000 students who attended public schools between November 2005 and November 2006 are affected by data breach discovered in September. Dec. 14. Owner of adultery website Ashley Madison agrees to pay $1.65 million to settle state and federal cases stemming from 2015 data theft of personal information of 37 million users. Dec. 14. Yahoo says it's discovered data breach from August 2013 exposing accounts of more than 1 billion users. Dec. 14. Joshua Samuel Aaron, 32, arrested in New York City by federal authorities and charged with stealing contact information for more than 100 million customers of American financial institutions, brokerage firms and financial news publishers. Dec. 15. Threat intelligence firm Recordfed Future says it's discovered evidence that Russian-speaking hacker may have compromised more than 100 access credentials at U.S. Election Assistance Commission. Dec. 15. Protenus reports that the number of healthcare data breaches in November reached an annual high of 57 but records exposed during the month declined from October to 458,639 from 776,533. Dec. 15. Prosecutors in Los Angeles issue arrest warrant for Austin Kelvin Onaghinor, 37, for launching cyberattack on county that placed at risk confidential information of 750,000 people. Dec. 16. President Barack Obama vows to retaliate against Russia for interfering with U.S. elections by stealing information from computer systems of the Democratic Party. Dec. 16. Bleacher Report alerts its online and mobile users it is resetting their passwords in 72 hours due to a data breach of its systems. Upcoming Security Events Dec. 20. Insiders Are the New Malware. 1 p.m. ET. Webinar by Presidio. Free with registration. Dec. 22. Part 2: How Is This Yahoo! Breach Different from Their Other Breach? 1 p.m. ET. Webinar by Fidelis Cybersecurity. Free with registration. Jan. 6. The 2017 Threatscape. 10 a.m. Webinar by Cyber Management Alliance. Free with registration. Jan. 9. 2017 Predictions: Authentication, Identity & Biometrics in a Connected World. 11 a.m. ET. Webinar by BioConnect. Jan. 12. 2017 Trends in Information Security. 11 a.m. ET. Webinar by 451 Research. Free with registration. Jan. 12. The Rise of Malware-Less Attacks: How Can Endpoint Security Keep Up? 1 p.m. ET. Webinar by Carbon Black. Free with registration. Jan. 12. FTC PrivacyCon. Constitution Center, 400 7th St. SW, Washington, D.C. Free. Jan. 13. I Heart Security: Developing Enterprise Security Programs for Millennials. 5 p.m. ET. Webinar by NCC Group. Free with registration. Jan. 13-14. BSides San Diego. National University, Spectrum Business Park Campus, 9388 Lightwave Ave., San Diego. Tickets: $30 (includes T-shirt). Jan. 16. You CAN Measure Your Cyber Security After All. 1 p.m. ET. Webinar by Allure Security Technology. Free with registration. Jan. 26. The True State of Security in DevOps and Expert Advice On How to Bridge the Gap. 1 p.m. ET. Webinar by HPE and Coveros. Free with registration. Jan. 31. Using GDPR To Your Advantage To Drive Customer Centricity and Trust. 5 a.m. ET. Webinar by Cognizant. Free with registration. Feb. 4. BSides Huntsville. Solutions Complex building, Dynetics, 1004 Explorer Blvd.,Huntsville, Alabama. Tickets: $10. Feb. 13-17. RSA USA Conference. Moscone Center, San Francisco. Full Conference Pass: before Nov. 11, $1,695; before Jan. 14, $1,995; before Feb. 11, $2,395; after Feb. 10, $2,695. Feb. 21. Top Trends That Will Shape Your Cybersecurity Strategy in 2017. 11 a.m. ET. Webinar by vArmour, American University, TruSTAR and Cryptzone. Feb. 25. BSides NoVa. CIT Building, 2214 Rock Hill Rd.#600, Herndon, Virginia. Tickets: conference, $25; workshops, $10. Feb. 28. Key Steps to Implement & Maintain PCI DSS Compliance in 2017. 1 p.m. ET. Webinar by HPE Security. March 28-31. Black Hat Asia. Marinia Bay Sands, Singapore. Registration: before Jan. 28, S$1,375; before March 25, S$1,850; after March 24, S$2,050. John Mello is a freelance technology writer and contributor to Chief Security Officer magazine. You can connect with him on Google+. Get Permission to License or Reproduce this Article Print Email Reprints More by John P. Mello Jr. Most Popular Newsletters News Alerts Which sector will benefit most from technological advances in 2017? Banking / Finance Education Energy Government / Law Enforcement Healthcare / Medical Retail Sports / Entertainment Telecommunications Vote to See Results E-Commerce Times Evernote Toes the Privacy Line Apple, Ireland Balk at EU's Bill for Back Taxes Softbank Pumps $1B Into Global Web Access Race 2017: AI's Coming Out Party Cloud Enters Mainstream in Federal IT Investment Plans Tech Leaders, Trump Team Search for Common Ground FCC's Tom Wheeler Hitting the Road Amazon Prime Air Zips Through British Countryside CRM Buyer Radius CEO Darian Shirazi: Solve for Data Decay Sales, Marketing Poised for AI Revolution Salesforce Releases Texting Customer Service Chatbot Looking Forward Stock Shortages May Deplete Brand Loyalty Fast Bill Bolsters Legal Efforts of Wells Fargo Fraud Victims 2016: The Year in Review Aptean SVP Matt Keenan: CRM Needs to Be Intuitive ECT News Network on Twitter Tweets about "TechNewsWorld" LinuxInsider Docker Delivers Containerd to Open Source Community CrateDB Launches Machine Data Innovations Torvalds Releases Hefty Linux Kernel Update New Smartwatch OS Debuts on GitHub Android Marshmallow on PC Falls Flat AI Platforms Welcome Devs With Open Arms Refracta 8.0 Is a Pint-Sized Powerhouse Docker, Canonical Team on Enterprise Support SPONSOR SHOWCASE Marketers - Fill Your Sales Funnel Instantly Access millions of IT and business decision makers. Our full-service global marketing program delivers sales-ready leads. Learn more. TechNewsWorld Headlines TechNewsWorld Looking Ahead to CES: This Will Be a Big One Germany Could Ding Facebook for Fake News 2016: The Year That Was Fact-Checking the President-Elect's Tweets Gadget Ogling: Heightened Hearing, Toasty Toes, and Glass Speakers Samsung May Unleash a Beast Waymo Offers Glimpse of Autonomous Chrysler Minivans Is Peter Thiel the Most Powerful Person in Tech? Publications E-Commerce Times TechNewsWorld LinuxInsider CRM Buyer Newsletters E-Commerce Minute Tech News Flash ECT News Network Weekly Editor's Pick Subscribe Reader Services Account Management Discussion Linking Policy Network Map News Alerts RSS / XML Feeds Search ECT News Network Company Info About Advertising Business Development Careers Contact Permissions Reprint Information Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | How To Advertise Copyright 1998-2016 ECT News Network, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
iDownloadBlog Home Jailbreak How to Jailbreak Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Cydia Unlock How to Unlock Unlock News iPhone iPhone News iPhone 6s iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6 iPhone Photography iPad iPad News iPad Air iPad mini Watch Apple Watch Guide Mac Mac Mac Apps Mac Tips TV Apple TV guide Apps iOS Apps Mac Apps Widgets Best Apps App Finder Tips Tips How to Tutorial iPhone Photography Download Deals Daily Deals: $70 off Beyerdynamic headphones, 10 iTunes movies for $10, and... Happy New Year firework wallpapers The top stories of the week on iDB How to use AirPods like a pro   skip to main content skip to main menu     iPhone 7 mockups in Jet White shown on video By Christian Zibreg, Dec 28, 2016 Tweet 15 Comments Japanese blog Mac Otakara heard last month from unverified sources in the Taiwanese supply chain that Apple might be developing a new Jet White color option for the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus series. Yesterday evening, avid Apple leaker Sonny Dickson posted a video on Twitter that shows off glossy white iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus casing mockups, giving us an indication what the rumored Jet White colorway might look like. The mockups were clearly obtained from a third-party vendor and we’re posting them for the discussion’s sake. Based on Dickson’s comment on Twitter, he’s unsure about the accuracy of the sketchy video. “Could this be the Jet White iPhone 7?”, reads his tweet. Could this be the Jet White iPhone 7? pic.twitter.com/pHoDiZ63ON — Sonny Dickson (@SonnyDickson) December 27, 2016 Like many iPhone 7 mockups we saw in the run-up to the official introduction, this is most likely a third-party mockup obtained from one of Chinese resellers. For instance, the iPhone 7 model shown on the video does not have an Apple logo on the back. Assuming Apple has been indeed working on a Jet White colorway for iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, the new color option may become available some time next year. In the past, the Cupertino company had famously spent months getting the appearance of the white iPhone 4 model right before making it available for purchase. What do you guys think? And while we’re at it, would you consider a Jet White iPhone 7? Source: Sonny Dickson on Twitter Share: Tweet Follow: Follow @iDownloadBlog We Recommend Sonny Dickson posts video showing a supposedly working iPhone 7 Plus New video shows off three different iPhone 7 dummies in crisp 4K resolution Blurry video out of China compares claimed Rose Gold iPhone 7 rear shell to iPhone 6s Short but sweet video out of China shows iPhone 7 design similar to previous leaks Related Topics Apple, iPhone, iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus, News, Rumors, Video Louis Cameron I think you meant “Jet White” in the title. Shadowelite123 Yea lol i was thinking that too. Christian Zibreg Fixed, thanks diggitydang It’d look slick with the black bezel on the front too… was hoping the person would turn it around. That said, the scratch thing keeps me away from any jet-colours. Bill I’d imagine scratches would not be much of an issue with white. White tends to hide imperfections pretty well, at least on hard surfaces. Deep scratches would catch dirt and stuff and show up easily, I’ve had white plastic phones do this…but aluminum I think would be a different story. diggitydang Agree with ya! I’m super OCD though, so knowing it’s there, even if you can only see it in certain light bugs me! Hahahaha… Diego Milano You can barely see the looks of it by the video’s quality. lou111 So, we have iPhone 7C 😀 this time it names “Premium”. But, nothing wrong, I liked white 5C Jose Rivera I personally disliked a bunch of the colors because they were based off that white body. The pink was supposed to be red now that I remember… Hahaha I’m pretty sure the iPhone 5C would’ve been a whole lot different had they not used the white pigment mixed with the other pigments… Abhijeet Gupta Jet: a hard black semi-precious variety of lignite, capable of being carved and highly polished. The word “jet” can’t really be applied to a white object, it doesn’t mean “very”, it means very black. Bill I think I’d like a pearl white, like the paint used on some Cadillacs or Lincolns. Or would that be gaudy? Abhijeet Gupta If they could Make if like the ceramic sole watch, then I’m in. Ps it’s still a rumour, if a new colour comes, it will be be with next year’s model. Jay I have seven words, Take My Money!. Sharon Bean Jet White iPhone…. Hard to believe… But never knows about the upcoming shocks by apple. They are famous for giving shocks to users Lolo The apple logo colour on the back side must be black , if you want to fool people , make the fake better, you stup1d fxck1ng s O   Search Connect with iDownloadBlog Facebook Become a fan RSS Get the latest news YouTube Watch Us Twitter Stay up to date Newsletter News delivered to you Google+ Add us to your circle   The most recent headlines Apple Chinese New Year promo: free Beats Solo3 headphones with Mac or iPhone Resetting AirPods fixes charging case battery woes for some users Rumor: Apple seeding first iOS 10.3 beta on January 10 with new ‘Theatre’ mode Daily Deals: $70 off Beyerdynamic headphones, 10 iTunes movies for $10, and more Beautiful iPhone 7 photos show New Year’s Eve celebrations around the world   The latest jailbreak news Jailbreak tweaks of the week: CCLowPower, CCRecord, Evanesco, & more… CCLowPower adds a Low Power Mode toggle to Control Center ForceInPicture enables Picture in Picture mode on unsupported devices CCRecord: a tweak to quickly and easily record your iPhone screen Customize your iOS 10 Control Center toggle colors with Cream 2 and Creamless iDownloadBlog           iDownloadblog.com About About Advertise Contact Keep in Touch Twitter Facebook RSS Feed Newsletter Push Notifications Podcasts Let's Talk iOS Let's Talk Jailbreak Site Stuff Disclosure Privacy Policy   Copyright iDownloadBlog 2017. This website is not affiliated with Apple.
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « Microsoft's new Surface Studio Desktop Sales for the Quarter were Really Surprising | Main | The False Narrative that Apple's Supply Chain in Taiwan won't move to the U.S. under any Circumstances » December 28, 2016 Korea's Antitrust Agency Hits Qualcomm with Record $865 Million Fine for Excessive Licensing Fees to Phone Makers   Korea's antitrust agency imposed a record US$865 million fine on Qualcomm, accusing the U.S. chipmaker of monopolistic behavior and abusing its leading status in the market, the Fair Trade Commission said Wednesday. The agency accused Qualcomm of coercing mobile phone makers, including South Korea's Samsung Electronics and LG Electronics as well as Apple of U.S., to pay excessive licensing fees under unfair conditions set by the company. The FTC said that Samsung, LG, Apple, Intel, MediaTek, China's Huawei Technologies, and Ericsson of Sweden, participated in its investigation of Qualcomm.   The FTC said that Qualcomm rejected or set limitations for providing its standard essential patents to rival modem chipset makers, such as Intel of the U.S. and Taiwan's MediaTek. The patents are critical for the production and sale of chipsets.   "It is the first time that the FTC corrects Qualcomm's unfair business model," said the agency in a statement. "We want to implement fair competition in the mobile telecommunication industry by changing it to [an] open ecosystem in which any participant can enjoy incentives from its innovations."   This latest censure follows similar action from China taken against the San Diego-based chipmaker. In February 2015, China's National Development and Reform Commission levied a fine of 6 billion yuan ($975 million) on Qualcomm for charging excessive royalties for its third- and fourth-generation telecommunication technology patents.   Qualcomm enjoys a monopoly in the licensing and modem chipset markets in the mobile telecommunication industry, according to the FTC. It owns the largest number of standard essential patents in the second-, third- and fourth-generation technologies in the industry. The South Korean market accounted for 16% of Qualcomm's total revenues last year, which reached $25.1 billion, the agency said.   Don Rosenberg, executive vice president and general counsel at Qualcomm stated that "We are pleased that our appeal will be to the Seoul High Court, which is known to rigorously analyze evidence and apply sound antitrust principles."   On December 21, Patently Apple posted a report titled "Apple Files a Major Antitrust Case against Acacia Research Corporation Pointing to a Conspiracy with Nokia Corporation." Apple see's Nokia and their silent partners for the same kind of antitrust behaving in gouging smartphone OEM beyond FRAND licencing. In their filing with the court Apple stated the following:   "Apple Inc. ("Apple") brings this action to remedy a continuing anticompetitive scheme. Acacia Research Corporation and its subsidiaries (collectively, "Acacia") and Conversant Intellectual Property Management Inc. ("Conversant") and its subsidiaries (collectively, "Conversant") have respectively colluded with Nokia Corporation (itself and through its affiliates Nokia Solutions and Networks Oy and Nokia Technologies Oy (collectively "Nokia")) to obtain from Nokia thousands of patents as part of a plan to extract and extort exorbitant revenues unfairly and anticompetitively from Apple and other innovative suppliers of cell phones, and ultimately from the consumers of those products.   This conduct is all the more pernicious because it unfairly and anticompetitively evades binding commitments that Nokia made to license declared standard essential patents ("SEPs") on fair, reasonable, and non-discriminatory ("FRAND") terms. Nokia positioned itself to claim that its patents cover technologies included in telecommunications standards by repeatedly assuring standard-setting organizations that it would license its patents fairly. Yet Acacia and Conversant are now conspiring with Nokia in a scheme to diffuse and abuse such patents and, as the PAEs and Nokia fully intended, monetize those false promises by extracting exorbitant non-FRAND royalties in ways Nokia could not."   At some point in time it would be great to see the US or other Antitrust agencies around the world take up this same fight against Nokia as they are now with Qualcomm. The EU Commission threatened Nokia back in 2013 that they would open an antitrust case against Nokia if they acted as patent trolls as they now have with Apple and yet have failed to take a stand against this European company. How convenient.   The good news in this is that if China and Korea have found Qualcomm guilty of charging excessive licensing fees to smartphone makers then perhaps Nokia will be be next in line.    About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.   Posted by Jack Purcher on December 28, 2016 at 07:31 AM in 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports | Permalink Comments Verify your Comment Previewing your Comment Posted by:  |  This is only a preview. Your comment has not yet been posted. Your comment could not be posted. Error type: Your comment has been saved. Comments are moderated and will not appear until approved by the author. Post another comment The letters and numbers you entered did not match the image. Please try again. As a final step before posting your comment, enter the letters and numbers you see in the image below. This prevents automated programs from posting comments. Having trouble reading this image? View an alternate. Post a comment Comments are moderated, and will not appear until the author has approved them. Comment below or sign in with Typepad Facebook TwitterGoogle+and more... You are currently signed in as (nobody). Sign Out (You can use HTML tags like <b> <i> and <ul> to style your text. URLs automatically linked.) Your Information (Name is required. Email address will not be displayed with the comment.) Name is required to post a comment Please enter a valid email address Invalid URL Please enable JavaScript if you would like to comment on this blog. Search Recent Posts Note7 Probe Results due this Month While Samsung Admits that Growth will lag in 2017 Due to Tough Competition Apple's Chief Israeli Officer Appointed to Run the Israeli Government's 'Innovation Authority' Apple Partnered with Photographers to Capture New Year's Celebrations from around the World on iPhone 7 Apple's Normal Order Management after Christmas seems to have Falsely Alarmed Seasoned News Sites Foxconn Reaching Full Robotic Production Automation for All-in-One PC's and Advancing to other Products every Year Production of Apple's AirPods goes into High Gear in Multiple Shanghai Plants to Meet Consumer Demand Family Sues Apple for not using a patented iOS Feature Designed to shut Off Certain Apps while Driving In Apple's Wearable Device Universe you'll one day wear a Mini iPhone, iPod or Medical Device on your Wrist Apple Advances the Concept of the Apple Watch's Digital Crown Coming to all iDevices eventually Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports 6. Patently Xtra News 7. Snap News 8. Apple-IBM MobileFirst 9. Apple Events & Financial Related Accessories Apple & Market Statistics Apple - Macs Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple iTunes / Apple Music Apple Pay, iWallet, NFC Related Apple Pencil - Smart Pen Apple Store Apple Watch + Other Wearables AppleTV Related Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible, Foldable Facial Recognition & 3D Related Future Interfaces Green Technology Haptics & Tactile iBeacon News + Inductive, Wireless Charging Liquid Metal Location Related, Indoor Mapping Maps Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Reports Projection Related Security Related Smart Bezels + Social Networking Software + OS Solar Energy Sports Related Travel Related Vehicle Related Videos Videos (Reports with) See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
Collapse Expand Home Shop News Reviews Features Opinions Photos Videos Gadget Guru Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Hubs Apple Android BlackBerry Google Microsoft Nokia Samsung Sony Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी Home Mobiles Mobiles News Apple Device Activations During Holiday Week Soundly Beat Samsung: Flurry Analytics  Gadgets 360 Staff, 28 December 2016 Share on FacebookTweetShareShareEmailReddit Highlights Google was not even in the top 8 manufacturers Apple, Samsung together saw 65 percent of activations Huawei, LG, and Amazon rounded off the top five It appears Apple had a great holiday season when it came to sales of iPhone and iPad devices, while Samsung and Google did not fare so well. As per data by Flurry Analytics, Apple and Samsung together constituted 65 percent of the global device activations in the week leading up to Christmas Day and the start of Hanukkah. Flurry Analytics reports that during the holiday period, 44 percent of phone and tablet activations were Apple's iOS devices. In the same period, 21 percent of activations were Samsung devices. The market research firm said that while Samsung's device activations were less than half those of Apple, the South Korean company saw a 1 percent increase in activations year over year.The other six manufacturers making up the top eight are Huawei (3 percent), LG (2 percent), Amazon (2 percent), Oppo (2 percent), Xiaomi (2 percent), and Motorola (2 percent). The report notes that Huawei and LG making it the list is remarkable, as neither have a single device in the top 35 devices activated. This, the report explains, implies that Huawei and LG have a wide variety of devices to offer alongside affordable options. A conspicuous omission from the list is Google, however, the Flurry team says the lack of popularity is not surprising, as Google only has two devices to compete with - the Pixel and Pixel XL. Notably, the Google smartphones are currently only available in a few countries, unlike Apple and Samsung devices. The Flurry Analytics report also noted that phablets (devices with display sizes between 5 inches and 6.9 inches) are continuing to eat into the activation share of medium phone (devices with displays between 3.5 inches and 4.9 inches). While 2015's holiday week saw 27 percent of device activations to be phablets, and 54 percent to be medium phones, 2016 saw 37 percent of activations to be phablets, and 45 percent to be medium phones. Finally, the report adds that Christmas Day was huge in terms of app installs - seeing twice as many as any other day in December. It adds, "key categories that over-indexed for installs on Christmas day were Messaging & Social, Games, Music, Media, & Entertainment, and Kids & Family apps." Tags: Apple, Samsung, Google, Flurry, Flurry Analytics, LG, Oppo, Huawei, Amazon, Xiaomi, Motorola Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 SoC to Come 'Into Focus' at CES 2017 Find My Phone: How to Find Your Lost Android Phone Apple Device Activations During Holiday Week Soundly Beat Samsung: Flurry Analytics     Advertisement   In Mobiles and Tablets Latest Samsung Galaxy A7 (2017) Samsung Galaxy A5 (2017) Samsung Galaxy A3 (2017) Lyf Water 3 Swipe Konnect 4G Gionee M2017 Lyf F1S Karbonn Aura Note 4G Karbonn K9 Viraat 4G Karbonn Titanium Vista 4G Karbonn K9 Smart 4G Lyf Wind 7S LG Stylus 3 LG K3 (2017) LG K4 (2017) LG K8 (2017) LG K10 (2017) Zuk Edge Zen Cinemax Click Blu Life Max Popular OnePlus 3T iPhone 7 Google Pixel Google Pixel XL Motorola Moto Z Moto Z Play Lenovo K5 Note Xiaomi Redmi 3s HTC 10 OnePlus 3 Moto G4 Xiaomi Mi5 Galaxy J7 2016 Redmi Note 3 iPhone SE Sony Xperia Z5 Micromax phones Samsung phones Android Phones Smartphones Google Phones Nokia Phones Latest Videos 02:27 Best Games to Play When Alone at New Year's Eve 02:40 360 Daily: BHIM App Launched, Reliance Jio Justifies Happy New Year Offer, and More 02:33 360 Daily: Samsung Galaxy A (2017), Galaxy S8 Rumours, Xiaomi Mi 6 and More 02:42 Lenovo Yoga Book 2-in-1 Laptop Review 02:29 360 Daily: Coolpad Cool 1 Launched, Nokia Launching 5 Smartphones in 2017, and More More Videos» OPINIONSALL AUTHORS Rishi Alwani Why 2017 Might Just Be the Worst Year Ever for Gaming Akhil Arora 2016 Was a Terrible Year for Big Movies Rohan Naravane Hardware Issues Make Pixel Phones Feel Like Expensive Beta Products Advertisement Recent Lenovo P2 With 5100mAh Battery Set to Launch in India Soon Dell Launches XPS 13 2-in-1 With InfinityEdge Display Ahead of CES 2017 Reliance Jio's Happy New Year Offer Sets Daily High-Speed Data Cap at 1GB Beware! Viral WhatsApp Message Offering Free Recharge Is Fake Apple Partner Wistron Said to Seek Permission to Expand Bengaluru Plant Samsung Set to Bring Chromecast-Like Streaming Feature to Its Smart TVs Gionee Says Firm on Manufacturing Plans Post Demonetisation OnePlus 2 Users Start Receiving OxygenOS 3.5.6 Update With Network Fix WhatsApp No Longer Works on These iPhone and Android Smartphones Samsung Galaxy A (2017) Series Launched With Dust and Water Resistance More News TRENDING Reliance Jio's Happy New Year Offer Sets Daily High-Speed Data Cap at 1GB Lenovo P2 With 5100mAh Battery Set to Launch in India Soon Samsung Galaxy A (2017) Series Launched With Dust and Water Resistance BHIM Most Popular Android App Now in India: 10 Developments Sherlock Season 4 Premiere Fails to Look Beyond Its Lead Detective BSNL Unveils Plan With Unlimited Voice Calls to Any Network at Rs. 144 OnePlus 3, OnePlus 3T Finally Get Android 7.0 Nougat Update Leaked Renders, Video Suggest Moto X (2017) Won't Support Moto Mods WhatsApp No Longer Works on These iPhone and Android Smartphones Lenovo K6 Note Review Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Gadgets Hindi © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2017. All rights reserved.
Search for: Menu Home National Punjab Sindh Balochistan Khyber PK World Events Breaking News Sports Cricket Football Life & Style Health Celebrities Film Games SCI-TECH Science Social Media Technology Programs Current Afairs Faisla Aap Ka Spot Light Islamabad Tonight with Rehman Azhar Rubaroo Talk Shows Awaz Sawal Hai Pakistan Ka Pakistan At 7 Infotainment Good Morning Aaj Kahani Kay Pechay Target Aman Barabri Kay Saath Paisa Bolta Hai Qaidi No. Entertainment BUSINESS Watch AAJ TV Live اردو Home / SCI-TECH / This new iPhone 7S leak will anger everyone This new iPhone 7S leak will anger everyone Posted on December 28, 2016 by Asim Malik in SCI-TECH -forbes.com For Apple and the iPhone, 2017 is going to be a big one as the world will mark the 10th anniversary of the iconic smartphone and leak after credible leak has told us about radical design changes and revolutionary new technology. But are they wrong? According to new information from Mac Otakara, the 2017 iPhones could be very disappointing indeed. Citing a “Taiwan supplier”, the site says that instead of the so-called ‘iPhone 8’ Apple will instead follow tradition and simply release an iPhone 7S and iPhone 7S Plus which will be virtually identical to the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. If correct, this would be the fourth successive generation where Apple has stuck with the same design and the move would likely anger fans as iPhone rivals continue to cut down bezel sizes to fit larger displays into physically smaller phones. Other than one brilliant exception. How seriously should we take this frustrating news? Well Mac Otakara has a good track record and it was the first site to reveal Apple would remove the headphone jack from the iPhone 7 at the start of the year (though I predicted the move in 2014). For those looking for an upside to this leak, Mac Otakara does point out a couple of notable changes are on the way in 2017. It says the iPhone 7S will increase its screen size from 4.7 to 5-inches while both the iPhone 7S and iPhone 7S Plus will have dual cameras that are arranged vertically rather than horizontally, as they are on the iPhone 7 Plus. Breaking these down, the increased screen size for the iPhone 7S would align it more closely to leading Android rivals but also make the phone larger if the core design is not going to change. For users who prefer smaller phones, that won’t be a popular move. Meanwhile dual cameras on both iPhones would be a step forward after the iPhone 7 missed out on this feature, while the switch to a more traditional vertical orientation for both camera modules implies Apple has rethought how the setup works. Currently the second camera is used as a 2x optical zoom and for a cool portrait mode, but dual cameras can also be used to take the same photo at different exposures to boost image quality (a kind of optical enhancement for HDR). The good news for those still disappointed by this report, however, is Mac Otakara says Apple won’t finalise the specifications for either new iPhone until the second quarter of Apple’s 2017 fiscal year, which is in April. As such these leaks could be backups in case Apple’s more radical iPhone 8 plans don’t come to fruition or even, as some have speculated, the iPhone 7S and iPhone 7S Plus may be released in addition to a more expensive overhauled iPhone 8 giving customers the choice of three premium models for the first time. Personally I think this latter theory is the most likely. After all, with iPhone sales slowing in recent years, a triple play would allow Apple to increase profit margins by retaining current pricing for models which hold onto older designs for longer while introducing a new and more expensive flagship model as the brand’s posterchild. After all, as the new 2017 MacBook Pros demonstrated, price rises are not something Apple worries about. So if the Mac Otakara news does anger you, keep your hopes up for a) Mac Otakara’s usually reliable sources getting it wrong this time and being the real source of your anger, or b) an iPhone triple play in 2017, for which I would suggest you start saving now. This article was originally published at forbes.com Post navigation Previous Previous post: Russia, Turkey ‘agree Syria ceasefire plan’ Tweet Related Posts A plane without windows, but with screens New date set for European climate satellite launch Scientists claim to create human sperm Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Latest News This new iPhone 7S leak will anger everyone Russia, Turkey ‘agree Syria ceasefire plan’ For Trump White House, diplomatic security challenges remain COAS confirms death sentences of eight hardcore terrorist Trump should develop clearer policies to ease Indo-Pak tensions: Experts Archive December 2016 M T W T F S S « Nov       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31   National Punjab Sindh Khyber PK Balochistan World Africa Europe South Asia U.S.A Entertainment Celebrities Film Games Music Company About us Contact Us Career distribution Copyright © 2016 AAJ NEWS. All rights reserved. 13:20 Live broadcast 00:00 Auto 576p 360p 160p  
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple The Jet White iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus are the stuff dreams are made of Yoni Heisler BGR NewsDecember 28, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share A few weeks back, a rumor emerged claiming that Apple was planning to release a new Jet White color option to its iPhone 7 lineup. While details were predictably hazy, many people believed that Apple might introduce a white-colored iPhone 7 model just in time for the busy holiday shopping season. With the Christmas shopping season now firmly behind us, the rumored white iPhone 7 is still nowhere to be seen. Of course, that hasn’t stopped folks fawning over actual physical mockups of what the mythical white iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus might look like. Don't Miss: A man waited 416 days to see what happened when his iPod stopwatch passed 9,999 hours In a video originally posted by Sonny Dickson — who we should point out has a history of releasing photos of unreleased products and components — we see rear iPhone panels which Dickson coyly implies are from the aforementioned Jet White iPhone 7. Could this be the Jet White iPhone 7? pic.twitter.com/pHoDiZ63ON — Sonny Dickson (@SonnyDickson) December 27, 2016 Intriguing? Sure, but before you get too excited we should point out that this is likely nothing more than a third-party shell, as evidenced by the missing Apple logo cutout on the smaller device. Still, the video does provide is with an interesting look as to what a Jet White iPhone 7 might look like. The glossy white finish is questionable on the Apple Watch, especially on a pricy “Edition” model, but it looks positively tremendous on the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. In fact, some might say that a new color option like this would be a perfect complement to Apple’s new Jet Black finish. Of course, the mockup above still pales in comparison to this ‘matte white’ iPhone 7 concept we came across earlier this year. Trending right now: 9 new shows coming to Netflix in 2017 that we can’t wait to see Asus’s leaked USB-C Chromebook is basically a half-price MacBook What becomes of Princess Leia now? See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next 9 tech-friendly gifts for people obsessed with travel Yahoo Tech CNN uses screenshot from ‘Fallout 4’ to show how Russians hack things BGR News Facebook launches live 360-degree video feature Yahoo Tech LG is ready to make the future more colorful with its Super UHD TVs at CES 2017 Digital Trends The battle between SSD and HDD is over, and the winner is clear Digital Trends Celebrity sues Tesla, claims Model X drove itself through a wall and into his house BGR News Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo Finance
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Apple is the most underweight stock globally for fund managers, despite 'buy' ratings from analysts Hannah Roberts Dec. 28, 2016, 8:41 AM 2,384 facebook linkedin twitter email print Apple is the most underweight stock globally in fund managers' portfolios.FaceSet, MSCI, UBS Quantitative Research Globally, fund managers hold the lowest percentage of Apple stock in their portfolio when compared to Apple's overall weighting in indexes (frequently traded baskets of stocks), according to a research note published this week by investment bank UBS. Investors are usually underweight a particular stock when they expect it to underperform the market. So if, for example, Apple represents 5% of the market value of the exchange, a fund manager would make 5% of his portfolio to have it balanced. If it’s less than this, say 2%, it’s underweight and a signal that the fund manager doesn’t think the stock will perform as well as the wider stock market or other particular stocks. If the stock is overweight — if Apple is 5% but the fund manager has, say, 10% of his portfolio made up of Apple stock — then the fund manager thinks that company will do better than the wider market. What's unusual is that Apple comes out as the most underweight, when a lot of analysts are rating the stock positively, expecting it to outperform — here are some current analyst stock ratings and their 12-month price targets (it currently trades at around $117): Citi: "Buy" $130 Cowen: "Outperform" $125 Needham: "Strong Buy" $150 BMO: "Outperform" £135 Longbow: "Buy" $140 Canaccord: "Buy" $140 Piper Jaffray: "Overweight" $155 Markets Insider shows that most Apple analysts rate its stock a "buy."Markets Insider Being underweight Apple stock hurt funds' performances in 2014, according to Morningstar. And billionaire activist Carl Icahn said last year that "mutual funds will increasingly realise that being underweight shares of Apple will hurt their performance as the technology giant continues to innovate." But the UBS note makes this realisation less clear. Less surprising is that Amazon is the most overweight stock held by fund managers globally. The research notes shows that Amazon is the most overweight stock in the portfolios of fund managers globally.FactSet, MSCI, UBS Quantitative Research Markets Insider highlights that almost all analysts are rating Amazon stock with a "buy" recommendation. Markets Insider NOW WATCH: Forget the iPhone 7 — here are 11 reasons the next iPhone will blow everyone away Loading video... More: Apple facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Apple is the most underweight stock globally for fund managers, despite 'buy' ratings from analysts Apple is the most underweight stock globally for fund managers, despite 'buy' ratings from analysts Globally, fund managers hold the lowest... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured 5 innovations in radiology that could impact everything from the Zika virus to dermatology More "Digital Industry Insider" » Keep tabs on the latest from Business Insider in our new Chrome Extension More "BI Innovations" » Get Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Newsletter-controller Sign-Up Learn More » Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Business Insider Select 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Mobile Insights BII Mobile Insights More Featured 10 Things Before the Opening Bell BI Intelligence Daily Business Insider Select Digital Industry Insider Instant MBA Markets Chart Of The Day Business Insider Events Tech Chart Of The Day Tech Select Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Strategy 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Advertising Select Careers Select Retail Select Strategy Select Life Breaking News Education Select Entertainment Select Life Select Tech Digital Media Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Enterprise Select Fintech Briefing IoT Chart of the Day Mobile Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Science Select Finance Finance Insider Markets Select Smart Investor Your Money Select Politics Military Select Politics Select Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Sports Sports Letter to My Younger Self Basketball great Ray Allen: ’Do you want to fit in, or do you want to embark on the lonely pursuit of greatness?' Read Allen's letter to his teenage self » Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports FA Playbook Trader Talk ETF Strategist Modern Medicine Future Opportunities Marketing.Media.Money Advisor Insight Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × The Big Crunch Contra funds aren't always contrarian Mark Fahey | @marktfahey Thursday, 29 Dec 2016 | 8:05 AM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters Funds contrarian in name only?    Wednesday, 28 Dec 2016 | 10:54 AM ET | 01:14 Just because a fund calls itself "contrarian" doesn't mean it's offering something all that different. A contrarian strategy buys stocks when they are unpopular and sells when they come back in style. The funds themselves say they seek out stocks that have "fallen out of favor because of short-term, transitory factors," or are "underfollowed, underappreciated and undervalued." It may come as a surprise, then, that if you invested $100 in the $10 billion Columbia Contrarian Core Fund, you'd be buying almost $4 in Apple stock, $3 in Microsoft stock and $1.30 in Alphabet shares. That's very close to what you'd be getting if you just bought the S&P 500 index. Often, there is little contrarian about a fund aside from its name. Some of the biggest contrarian funds have popular holdings and daily movement highly correlated with the S&P 500. Returns this year appear to be a mixed bag, with the funds that don't rise and fall with stock indexes bringing exceptional gains even as bigger funds underperformed. To be fair to Fidelity's Contrafund, the $107 billion megafund hasn't truly been a contrarian fund for decades. At the time that fund manager Will Danoff took over in 1990, it had a contrarian mission and only $287 million in assets, according to a Chicago Tribune article at the time. "I don't buy what everybody is selling when everybody is selling," Danoff told the Tribune. "My shareholders don't want me to own the new lows list." Today, the fund still seeks companies whose value "is not fully recognized by the public," but it is generally a large-cap growth fund, according to a Fidelity spokesman. There's nothing contrarian about large stakes in companies like Facebook, Berkshire Hathaway, Amazon, Alphabet, Apple and Visa. Columbia Contrarian Core Fund, the second-biggest fund with a contrarian name tracked by FactSet, is even more highly correlated with the S&P 500 than the Contrafund. The $10 billion fund uses a process that is "contrarian but also consistent and disciplined" to screen for stocks that are "trading well off their highs but remain fundamentally strong," according to its website. The fund is overweight in information technology, financials and health-care stocks, with about a third of its net assets in big names like Apple, Berkshire Hathaway, Citigroup, JPMorgan Chase, Alphabet, Microsoft, Comcast, Verizon, Morgan Stanley, Philip Morris International and Facebook. Unsurprisingly, it tends to track the S&P 500 very closely. A Columbia spokesman said the investment team was not available to comment. Investors looking for a true against-the-grain manager may want to take a look at some of the smaller funds billing themselves as contrarian. Those funds exhibit lower correlations and more obviously contrarian components, like Virtus Contrarian Value Fund's investments in energy and materials stocks, which paid off later in the year. A spokesman for Virtus said the fund's managers do not speak to the media. Even if the bigger funds wanted to make more contrarian bets, it would be hard to do so. Managing a massive fund makes it difficult to buy or sell large positions quickly without moving the market. And active managers across the board have had a harder time finding good investments that can propel them above their benchmarks. "The past few years have been more challenging for active managers, as central banks moved interest rates to extraordinarily low levels, creating an environment with tight correlations and little disparity between winning and losing stocks," said Jeff Cathie, a spokesman for Fidelity Investments. "A lot of guys just threw in the towel and became closet indexes." -David Nelson, Chief Strategist, Belpointe Asset Managment David Nelson, chief strategist for Belpointe Asset Management, agreed that the low-volatility market environment driven by low interest rates has made it hard to pursue contrarian investing strategies. Active managers have been under some pressure to simply keep up by taking less aggressive positions. "There's a lot of reasons why it became really difficult to beat the S&P 500, and the biggest reason was the Federal Reserve — they just sucked all the alpha out of the market," Nelson said, referring to performance above market indexes. "A lot of guys just threw in the towel and became closet indexes." But interest rates are slowly rising, and contrarian funds that make real contrarian bets will become better options for investors, especially if they're willing to wait a few years for long-term investments to pan out, Nelson said. "As long as they're not betting the ranch on any one name, I think contrarian investing is a very valid form of investing," he said. "Those managers tend to be a lot smarter, because it's a lot harder to buy at the bottom and have the confidence in the fundamental analysis to know it's going to work out." Correction: Janus Contrarian Fund's top holdings are cash, United Continental and St. Joe Co. That fact was misstated in a table in an earlier version of this article. Mark FaheyData Journalist Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change AAPL --- FCNKX --- To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
null
make-use-of-logo logo-background menu search search-start close email bookmark facebook google twitter pinterest stumbleupon whatsapp amazon youtube youtube label-rectangle triangle-long down PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Technology News Lifestyle Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Browsers Social Media Finance Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Search for: Search Popular Topics The Internet Windows iPhone and iPad Android Mac Gaming MakeUseOf 7 Clever Evernote Features to Streamline Your Workflow Productivity 7 Clever Evernote Features to Streamline Your Workflow Nancy Messieh 5 Free Game Development Software Tools To Make Your Own Games Gaming Programming 5 Free Game Development Software Tools To Make Your Own Games Joel Lee Top Deals Search Open Menu Close Menu PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Technology News Lifestyle Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Browsers Social Media Finance Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Search for: How to Disable System Integrity Protection (and Why You Shouldn’t) Mac Security How to Disable System Integrity Protection (and Why You Shouldn’t) Tim Brookes December 28, 2016 28-12-2016 5 minutes How to Disable System Integrity Protection (and Why You Shouldn’t) Facebook Twitter Pinterest Stumbleupon Whatsapp Email Each new release of Apple’s desktop operating system seems to place more restrictions on users than the last. System Integration Protection (or SIP for short) might be the biggest change yet. Introduced with OS X 10.11 El Capitan, SIP places restrictions on a user’s ability to modify certain folders altogether. While some condemned Apple’s latest security technology as a means of taking control away from the user Is Apple's macOS Rebrand More Than Just a Name Change? Is Apple's macOS Rebrand More Than Just a Name Change? Dropping the OS X moniker, something Apple has been using for 15 years, feels like a big deal. But is it just the name that's changing? Read More , it’s there for good reason. There’s little reason to disable it at all (but we’ll show you how, if you really want to). What Is System Integrity Protection? SIP is a security feature designed to protect the most vulnerable parts of your operating system. In short, it prevents even a user with root access (by means of the sudo command) from modifying certain locations on your primary partition. It’s meant to keep Mac users safe, just like previous software restrictions introduced by Gatekeeper What Is GateKeeper & How Does It Help Protect My Mac? [MakeUseOf Explains] What Is GateKeeper & How Does It Help Protect My Mac? [MakeUseOf Explains] Will your favorite programs ever run again? Certain programs won't load anymore - a message about Unidentified Developers shows up instead. There isn't even an obvious option to run the app. Gatekeeper just might be... Read More . This is likely a response to the growing number of Mac malware threats 5 Easy Ways to Infect Your Mac With Malware 5 Easy Ways to Infect Your Mac With Malware You might think it's pretty difficult to infect your Mac with malware, but there are always exceptions. Here are five ways you can get your computer dirty. Read More that put your Mac at risk. In contrast to the days when Apple relied on the “I’m a Mac, and I’m a PC” advertising line, the Mac and is now a much bigger target for malware. It’s not hard to find ransomware, spyware, keyloggers or plain old adware aimed at Apple’s platform. SIP protects a few core areas of the drive where the operating system is installed, including /System, /bin, /sbin, /usr (but not /usr/local). Some symbolic links from /etc, /tmp, and /var are also protected, though the target directories themselves are not. The safety measure prevents processes without sufficient privileges (including admin users with root access) from writing to these folders and the files stored within. The technology also prevents other “risky” operations too, like code injection. Apple is concerned that changes made to these parts of your system could put your Mac at risk and cause damage to the OS. Locking out root admin access safeguards your Mac against sudo-level commands executed remotely and locally. So Why Disable It? When the feature was first introduced, some apps that relied on modifying certain protected system folders or files no longer worked. As a rule, these are quite “intrusive” modifications that change the way many core OS elements and first party apps function El Capitan Means The End Of Mac Themes & Deep System Tweaks El Capitan Means The End Of Mac Themes & Deep System Tweaks If you like customizing your Mac, Yosemite might be the last version of OS X that works for you. And that's too bad. Read More . Certain backup and restoration tools, and apps that dealt specifically with the behavior of other devices were also affected. If you want to use software that depends on such a modification to work, you’re going to have to disable SIP first. There’s no way to make an exception for a certain app if it lacks the required privileges. This has led to speculation that the change will affect smaller developers, who lack the means of working with Apple to ensure their software continues to function. While this may be true, many applications that initially wouldn’t work under El Capitan have been rewritten to do so by now. Bartender is one such app, which provides a way to tidy up Mac menu bar icons How To Customize & Tidy Your Mac Menu Bar How To Customize & Tidy Your Mac Menu Bar Nothing makes OS X look cluttered faster than unwanted menubar icons. Read More . The original Bartender only works with OS X 10.10 and below, while Bartender 2 works with El Capitan and above. Default Folder X is another tweak designed to enhance Open and Save dialogs which had to be completely rewritten for El Capitan and later. It now works flawlessly. Not all apps have undergone a complete rewrite and some still need SIP to be disabled to work. Fortunately, this is often a temporary arrangement, like in the case of Winclone. This Boot Camp cloning and backup solution 5 Local Mac Backup Solutions That Aren't Time Machine 5 Local Mac Backup Solutions That Aren't Time Machine There are lots of Mac backup options out there, and many of them have features that Apple's default backup app just can't compete with. Read More requires the user to disable SIP in order to write to protected areas of the drive. The feature can be enabled again afterwards. SwitchResX is another such app that requires SIP to be disabled. It provides enhanced control over external displays, which relies on a specific resolution being specified in a protected file. Once the display has been configured, the user can restore SIP until they need to make another change. Other apps like XtraFinder (and many more applications that change the appearance and functionality of Finder) require the feature be enabled with a code injection workaround (using the command csrutil enable --without debug). Because of the change, some apps have ceased development entirely. Others get away with advising users to only disable of SIP temporarily, then re-enable it again. The key here is to be weary of apps that modify your system’s appearance or behavior, a built-in app or feature (like Finder, Spotlight or the dock), before you buy. Much of the time a quick Google search or a glance at the FAQ will suffice. How to Disable System Integrity Protection If you do decide to disable SIP, be aware that your Mac is technically just as secure as it was when you were running OS X 10.10 Mavericks. You’ll still need to supply root access to write to certain areas of the drive, which requires admin privileges. It’s also possible to re-enable SIP easily if you decide to do so later. Most Mac users will never have the need to disable SIP. Also, it’s worth leaving the feature enabled unless you run into a hurdle. If you need to make changes to a protected folder or use software that lacks the privileges to do so, here’s what to do: Restart your Mac by clicking the Apple logo in the top left and choosing Restart. Hold down Command + R while your Mac boots to enter Recovery Mode. Once your Mac has booted, head to Utilities and launch Terminal. Type csrutil disable and hit Enter. Restart your Mac as normal. All done! You can easily re-enable the feature by booting back into Recovery Mode, launching Terminal and typing csrutil clear followed by Enter. Have You Disabled SIP? Maybe you’re willing to take your chances and turn SIP off. Perhaps you’d rather Apple didn’t dictate what you can and can’t change. Maybe, an app requires SIP to be disabled. Or, you are someone who enjoys tweaking the system. If you have disabled the feature, we’d love to hear why. Disabling System Integrity Protection allowed me to chmod -x Siri, which fixed my problem of it popping up whenever I pressed my headset btn — Brian by Santana ft (@brianloveswords) November 28, 2016 There’s little reason to turn the feature off until you find the need to do so. Remember, reinstalling macOS is likely to re-enable the feature. It’s also likely Apple will keep introducing security features and permission controls with each new macOS release. To SIP or not to SIP? Let us know in the comments below. Image Credit: Issarawat Tattong via Shutterstock.com Previous PostHow to Make Your Online Experience More SecureNext Post5 Ways an Offline PC Can Be Hacked 0 comments Write a Comment Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Tim Brookes 1109 articles Tim is Mac and iOS editor for MakeUseOf and can currently be found living in Melbourne, Australia. You can find him on Twitter at @timbrookes. Advertisement Latest Giveaways 3Doodler Create 3D Pen Review and Giveaway 3Doodler Create 3D Pen Review and Giveaway Christian Cawley December 29, 2016 29-12-2016 Sony PlayStation 4 Pro Review and Giveaway Sony PlayStation 4 Pro Review and Giveaway Dave LeClair December 17, 2016 17-12-2016 Blackview R6 Review and Giveaway Blackview R6 Review and Giveaway Riley J. Dennis December 13, 2016 13-12-2016 Advertisement Trending 7 Clever Evernote Features to Streamline Your Workflow Productivity 7 Clever Evernote Features to Streamline Your Workflow Nancy Messieh December 30, 2016 30-12-2016 6 Easiest Programming Languages to Learn for Beginners Programming 6 Easiest Programming Languages to Learn for Beginners Moe Long December 29, 2016 29-12-2016 Let’s Face It: Amazon Echo’s Alexa Is Stupid Smart Home Let’s Face It: Amazon Echo’s Alexa Is Stupid Dan Price December 29, 2016 29-12-2016 Advertisement Related Articles What Does the Windows 10 “Creators Update” Do for Security? Security Windows What Does the Windows 10 “Creators Update” Do for Security? Gavin Phillips January 2, 2017 02-01-2017 5 Ways Your USB Stick Can Be a Security Risk Security 5 Ways Your USB Stick Can Be a Security Risk Christian Cawley December 28, 2016 28-12-2016 5 Ways an Offline PC Can Be Hacked Security 5 Ways an Offline PC Can Be Hacked James Frew December 28, 2016 28-12-2016 Advertisement Latest Deals Affiliate Disclosure: By buying the products we recommend, you help keep the lights on at MakeUseOf. Read more. Subscribe to Our Newsletter Email: Advertisement Scroll down for the next article © 2017 MakeUseOf. All Rights Reserved.
null
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Elections 2016 Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Elections 2016 Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ TOP TRENDING x Share 8947 1 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Research: Apple dominates holiday devices activations According to research firm Flurry, 44% of activated devices were Apple. Post to Facebook Research: Apple dominates holiday devices activations According to research firm Flurry, 44% of activated devices were Apple.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2hsR5qK {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 4 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Research: Apple dominates holiday devices activations Brett Molina , USA TODAY 1:10 p.m. EST December 28, 2016 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share If you were lucky enough to find a new iPhone under the tree this year, here are some tips to help you get the most out of your new gift. USA TODAY These accessories are perfect for the new iPhone 7. (Photo: Reviewed.com / Michael Desjardin) Sales might be slowing, but it appears devices with the Apple label remain the hot gift during the holidays. During the holidays, 44% of devices activated were from Apple, according to a report from research firm Flurry. Samsung was the second most-popular gadget device, with 21% of activations. Huawei was a distant third, followed by LG and Amazon. Absent on the list was Google, which launched the Pixel smartphone this year. "With only two devices, the Pixel and Pixel XL, and mixed market reception, Google struggled to drum up excitement this holiday season," reads a blog post from Chris Klotzbach, director at Flurry, and Lali Kesiraju, Flurry's marketing and analytics manager. Phablets, devices with screen measuring between 5 and 7 inches, have growing increasingly popular in recent years. Flurry says 37% of devices activated this year were phablets, up from 27% last year. It comes at the expense of medium phones -- featuring screens up to 5 inches. This year, 45% of activated devices were medium phones, down from 64% three years ago. Samsung activations climbed in Flurry's findings despite issuing a massive recall earlier this year for the Galaxy Note 7 smartphone. The electronics giant discontinued the device following reports the phone could overheat and potentially catch fire. Apple will likely offer more details on holiday sales during its quarterly earnings call expected next month. Follow Brett Molina on Twitter: @brettmolina23. 8947 CONNECTTWEET 1 LINKEDIN 4 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2hsR5qK NEVER MISS OUT Tech Be the earliest adopter. Know what’s in, what’s out, and what’s awesome before anyone else does, Monday-Friday. Privacy Notice THANKS FOR SIGNING UP FOR THE Tech NEWSLETTER We're sorry. something went wrong. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-872-0001Sign up for more Newsletters
gulfnews.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 8 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser.LEARN MORE � Enter your keyword sign inorRegister now Mobile Site GN Network Aquarius The monthly women's lifestyle magazine offering real solutions for real women. Friday The most read magazine in the UAE. Lively, intelligent and thought-provoking. GN Focus Focused reports on events, business and lifestyle. In depth, insightful, influential. Inside Out An inspiring home interiors magazine showcasing the best interior design. tabloid! The No. 1 source for entertainment, lifestyle & fashion in the UAE. Weekend Review In-depth look at issues behind the news, with sections on people, books and art. Wheels A weekly motoring magazine packed with the latest local and global motoring news, reviews and views. GNTECH Gadget soup for the techy soul. News and reviews with our own irreverent spin Baby & Child From pregnancy to playdates in the UAE Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store Classifieds GNCars The UAE's first stop shop for buying and selling cars. GNCareers Give your career a boost. Find the best and latest jobs. GNClassifieds The site for buying and selling almost anything. GNproperty Region's leading property site for buying and renting. Apps App for iPhone The official Gulf News app tailored for iOs phones App for Android Mobile The official Gulf News app tailored for Android phones App for iPad Gulf News made highly readable for Apple's iPad Gulf News mobile Fast, lightweight, perfect for mobile browsing SMS alerts The fastest way to find out about breaking stories Cricket App Live cricket action direct to your phone Good Living App Hundreds of offers direct to your phone Subscribe Gulf News Subscribe Now Aquarius Subscribe Now Xpress Subscribe Now Inside Out Subscribe Now Wheels Subscribe Now Baby & Child Subscribe Now Quick Links E-Paper Digital version of today’s newspaper, exactly as it is in print. Mobile Version The fast and light-weight mobile version of GulfNews.com. Advertising Guide Get your brand seen in the region's most read newspaper. SMS News Alerts The fastest way to hear about major breaking stories. Goodliving 100s of offers, half price deals, 2 for 1s - and more. Contact Us Have something you want to tell us, a question, or complaint? Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store SHARES ECONOMY January 3, 2017 | Last updated 4 minutes ago ---- 24KGold-- oil--   Hot Topics: Year in pictures DSF Gold Rate Weather Horoscope The GN Store UAE holidays 2017 UAE News Business Data Equities Commodities Currencies top stories in Data Bargains await as gold falls further Gold price drops Dh20 per gram Gold dives to 10-month low on rate hike Gold Rate Sectors14 Markets7 Automotives3 Banking1 Construction1 Employment2 Features1 General Investment Media Careers2 Energy76 Retail4 Shipping Technology1 Telecoms Tourism top stories in Sectors AI, autonomous cars to steal spotlight at CES SBI sees loan growth jumping from 25-year low Hyundai, Kia forecast sales rebound Aviation1 Live Flights top stories in Aviation Fog delays, cancels more Dubai flights Qatar Airways buys 10% stake in LATAM Airlines Emirates to continue growth strategy Economy7 Property GN Property top stories in Property More sub-Dh2m homes convince more buyers New supply helps Sharjah’s rental dips No rent price relief for Dubai residents Money1 Visas Analysis2 Sport Opinion Leisure Life&Style Culture Guides Multimedia Your Say In Focus Five unlikely events that might catch everyone unawares In terms of things that are wont to disrupt financial markets, let’s hazard a few guesses Image Credit: Bloomberg The Nasdaq MarketSite in New York. Everyone is fretting about a re-run of the dotcom bubble of the 1990s on New York’s Nasdaq. Published: 17:05 December 28, 2016 The Telegraph Group Limited, London 2016   SMALL MEDIUM LARGE London: An Italian bank will be bailed out. President Donald Trump will tweet something stupid in the middle of the night. The EU will fine Facebook or Apple or Amazon a few hundred billion euros for invading privacy or avoiding tax or monopolising the market. There are lots of things we already know will happen in 2017. But what are the genuine black swans — that is, events that are way off the radar right now, but which could disrupt the financial markets? Every year one or two come along. Very few people thought that Leicester City would win the Premier League, that Opec would finally start driving the oil price back up, or that political leaders from David Cameron to Matteo Renzi to Francois Hollande would be on the scrap-heap by the end of 2016. Here are five events that could — just possibly — catch everyone out. A tech crash in China Everyone is fretting about a re-run of the dotcom bubble of the 1990s on New York’s Nasdaq. Shares in the giants of the internet have been soaring all year. But it is in China that the valuations are getting really crazy. Four of the seven most valuable private companies in the world are Chinese, and all of them are less than seven years old. The likes of Didi Chuxing and Xiaomi are worth a lot more than Snapchat or Uber. Last year, 19 “unicorns”, as tech start-ups worth more than a billion are known, were created, and by October another 10 had already joined them this year. Venture capital money is pouring into Chinese start-ups. It is easy to figure out the attraction. Put the explosive growth of the internet and the rapid expansion of the Chinese economy together and you have a powerful combination. The trouble is, those kind of valuations can turn into a bubble very quickly. If one or two were to collapse, as they inevitably will, it could crash the tech sector globally — and it would be a collapse that started in China. A Baltic market collapses There is understandably a lot nervousness about conflict between China and Taiwan, especially with Trump expressing doubts about the traditional one-China policy. But that is not the only potential geopolitical flashpoint. Vladimir Putin has long had an eye on bringing the Baltic states, including Estonia, Latvia, and Lithuania, back into the fold of the Russian empire. Who says Trump, or an embattled Angela Merkel of Germany, will take the steps necessary to protect them? A Putin advance on Russia’s old Baltic territories would lead to a collapse of those markets. Estonia’s equity index is trading at an all-time high, and all three have been on a growth spurt. But a crash would ripple out through the developing markets, and the developed ones as well. More countries join the EU When the UK triggers Article 50 and starts the process of leaving the EU, the federalist bureaucracy in Brussels will be smarting. It is hard to present yourself as the future when one of your biggest members has decided to leave. But heck, the game is not necessarily up. What better way to breathe some life into the project than to bring in some new members? Among the candidates, Macedonia, Albania and Serbia do not really qualify for full EU membership. And they hardly equal the UK — their combined population is just over 12 million, and their total GDP is $62 billion (50 billion pounds, or Dh227.65 billion), against $65 million and $2.6 trillion for Britain. But if you hustle them in, it will look good. Facebook merges with Apple Almost 20 years ago — in February 1997, to be precise — Apple bought a computing company called Next. By doing so, it brought its founder Steve Jobs back into the fold. Jobs went on to launch incredibly successful products, from the iPod to the iPad to the iPhone, that made Apple the biggest company in the world. Yet five years after his death, it is clearly drifting under his successor Tim Cook. It may still be a great company, but it is about as innovative as Powys District Council. One solution. Why not try the same trick that worked so well back in 1997? There is no founder to bring back this time. But Facebook’s Mark Zuckerberg is a fantastically creative entrepreneur. A Facebook-Apple combination, with Zuckerberg in charge of the combined entity, could dominate the 21st century. Trump trade war with Germany On the campaign trail, Donald Trump promised to protect American industry from China. In office, he might find there are a couple of problems with that. Such as? Crashing the global economy, for starters. And the fact that workers in Michigan don’t want to work 80 hours a week on starvation wages making plastic toys, which is what most Chinese workers do. But there is another country with a massive trade surplus with the US - Germany. That has hit $80 billion, up from $30 billion back in 2009. It is clearly the result of currency manipulation - without a cheap euro, German industry would not be nearly so competitive. Even better, it is mostly made up of high-end manufactured goods - precisely the kind of jobs Trump promised to bring back to the US. If Americans had to buy a few more Lincolns and Cadillacs instead of Mercs and BMWs, it would do a lot for his blue-collar electoral base. He’d even be avenging his grandfather, Frederick Trump, who was kicked out of Germany for draft-dodging. The VW diesel scandal is surely enough of an excuse to ban German cars. Of course, none of those five events may happen. But there is always something that comes along every year to give the markets a jolt. Any of those events would certainly do that. More from Economy Oman measures to face sharp decline in revenues Rouhani pledges to boost Iran’s currency China’s rules on transfers not capital controls Sharjah Chamber eyes stronger ties with Serbia India’s manufacturing to shrink Manufacturing boosts Eurozone equities gains Oman’s 2017 budget focuses on austerity Bleak exports haunt Southeast Asian nations tags from this storyDonald Trump follow this tag on MGNLeicester City follow this tag on MGNoil price follow this tag on MGNPremier League follow this tag on MGNOrganization of Petroleum-Exporting Countries follow this tag on MGNApple follow this tag on MGNFacebook follow this tag on MGN filed underGulfNewsBusinessEconomy tagsDonald Trump follow this tag on MGN+ MGNLeicester City follow this tag on MGN+ MGNoil price follow this tag on MGN+ MGNPremier League follow this tag on MGN+ MGNOrganization of Petroleum-Exporting Countries follow this tag on MGN+ MGN Also In EconomyOman measures to face sharp decline in revenues Business Gallery Business: 2016 in review Highlights: Guangzhou Auto Show 2016 Business Videos PlayAbu Dhabi Ship Building enjoys growing success Strata UAE leads aerospace manufacturing FOLLOW US Most Popular ViewedCommentedVideosGalleries 01Oman’s 2017 budget focuses on austerity 02UAE gold jewellery retailers await rebound 03UAE salary guide 2015: Are you getting enough? Play Abu Dhabi Ship Building enjoys growing success Nov 24, 2016 Play Strata UAE leads aerospace manufacturing Oct 25, 2016 Play Video: Electronics fiesta as Gitex opens Oct 01, 2016 Play Emirates opens SkyPharma in Dubai Sep 18, 2016 32Images 32 things to do this Dubai Shopping Festival Jan 05, 2012 6Images Dubai International Boat Show Mar 02, 2011 14Images Trump casino closes in Atlantic City Oct 11, 2016 15Images Markets tumble across the world Aug 10, 2011 Currency Converter first-currency currencyAEDDinarRupee= first-currency currencyINRDinarRupee Most Popular on Gulf News Reina club: top party haunt of Turkey’s elite Dubai rings in 2017 with dazzling fireworks 9 money tips if you lose your job in the UAE Look: How Dubai’s royal family started 2017 Parents, schools fight over unpaid fees UAE welcomes first babies born in 2017 Bahrain lists its 10 most wanted men How Dubai ensured success of NYE events 2017 UAE holidays Close Recommended For You New Year, new high for Eurozone stock marketsPUBLISHED ON Jan 02, 2017 New Yorkers love new subway linePUBLISHED ON Jan 02, 2017 Parents sentenced to death for killing toddlerPUBLISHED ON Jan 02, 2017 Feedback Get The Paper Our Apps Mobile friendly version Our location Advanced Search Sitemap MY GULF NEWS GulfNews.com is the most widely read newspaper, and online site in English in the Middle East. With a daily BPA audited paid circulation of over 108,000, and an online audience of 3.5 million uniques every month, it is your go to source for information on the region. Sign up below to begin personalising your experienceRegister now News Business Sport Leisure Guides Opinion Multimedia In Focus Life&Style Culture Your Say Enter your keyword follow usRssFollow us on FacebookFollow us on TwitterFollow us on google plus Sign up for newsletterSign Up PreviousNext © Al Nisr Publishing LLC 2016. All rights reserved GN Media How to follow Gulf News History of GulfNews Key Dates Community Advertise Print Direct Marketing About Gulf News Journalism ethics Ethics Policy Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Readers' Policy FAQs Open Calais Careers at Gulf News How to find Gulf News Contact Us Print Subscriptions MGN New GulfNews.com: A considerable step forward in terms of user experience
null
Menu CIO CloseCIO In-depth Big Data BPM Budgeting Business Continuity Business Intelligence C-Suite Perspectives Change Management Cloud Consumerisation of IT Infrastructure Innovation IT Value KM/Storage Mobile/Wireless/Convergence Project Management Risk Management Security Vendor View Resources Career CIO Executive Council e-Mags Events Media Releases News Newsletters PartnerZones Slideshows Videos Whitepapers Industries Education Finance Government Login Username Password Forgot password? Sign up now to get free exclusive access to reports, research and invitation only events. LinkedIn Twitter YouTube Facebook Google Plus Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising CSO Subscribe to emails Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Menu CIO 9 gifts IT needed but didn't get in 2016 9 gifts IT needed but didn't get in 2016 In 2016 IT departments received technology that disappointed, didn’t deliver, took the wrong direction or didn’t arrive at all. Here’s what your IT team is still waiting for as we head into 2017. Mary Branscombe (CIO (US)) 28 December, 2016 23:35 - - - - print email Comments Despite some significant arrivals, 2016 also failed to deliver some long-awaited technologies. And some of what we eagerly ripped the wrapping paper off proved to be a letdown. Here’s a rundown of the gifts IT didn’t get in 2016. Professional-grade 3D printing If you want to print out a stand for your phone or a model for a new product, you can easily find a 3D printer for the office that can do that — as long as you want to print them out in plastic. You can spend more and get a 3D printer that can UV cure resin and make small objects like custom-fit earplugs in about 10 minutes (I watched my ACS Custom in-ear monitor headphones get printed from digital scans of my ear canals earlier this year). Even HP’s $140,000 Multi Jet Fusion printers — promised for this year and offering multi-color printing — only just went on sale, and they still only print nylon. You can prototype a (plastic) circuit board with conductive ink circuits with the Voxel8 Developer Kit, as long as you pause the printing and add the chips by hand. True, on-demand additive manufacturing using a wider range of materials like metal, carbon fiber and ceramic, or using conductive ink to print circuits embedded inside the parts you print, is still out of most companies’ reach. Want to print your own racks with built-in stress sensors, a custom internet of things (IoT) device for your business or spare parts for the office printer? Maybe next year — as long as you have a big budget and a large industrial space in which to put the kit. [ 3D printer owners rate the best 14 machines ] Touchscreen Macs Four years after Windows 8 made touchscreen notebook PCs a real thing, the latest Mac notebooks still don’t have touchscreens — and they’re not going to get them. It took a lot of work by Microsoft to make the interface in traditional desktop applications like Office and Explorer work as well with a finger as with the precise point of a mouse cursor; there’s even machine learning to guess what you’re trying to touch. It’s not that Apple couldn’t do the same work or push third-party developers into doing it. It’s that it doesn’t fit with the way the company sees computers developing. You just don’t want a big screen on your desk with fingerprints all over it, says Apple (and it’s likely correct there). If you want a portable device with touch and a keyboard, Apple wants to sell you the iPad Pro. [ Apple design chief Jony Ive rules out touchscreen Macs ] A post-PC world While sales of pure tablets seem to have peaked (mainly because we’re mostly happy with the ones we have and aren’t ready to buy new ones yet), what is growing is two-in-one, convertible tablets that give you the advantages of both laptops and tablets. Even the new Windows on ARM PCs coming in 2017 will run x86 applications and join the domain for PC-style management rather than get mobile device management — that seems to be what users and IT admins alike want. And in business, we’re not even done with desktops yet: They’re cheaper, longer lasting and harder to lose or break than laptops. According to Spiceworks’ annual State of IT report, while EMEA businesses will spend less on desktops than laptops in 2017 (for the first time), in North America the budget for desktops is still a little higher than for laptops. Proper password replacements The desire to keep joining devices to the domain might reflect a lack of confidence in alternative security options. Multi-factor authentication, biometrics, document classification, information rights management and other security options that apply to people and information rather than devices still aren’t universally deployed. Windows Server 2016 and Windows 10 include strong protections against pass-the-hash and pass-the-ticket attacks moving laterally through your network and that’s one reason many businesses are moving to them at speed. But we still haven’t got away from the password, for everything from web sites to cloud storage services to banking. The FIDO 2 standards, currently in development, are being built into Windows, adopted by financial organizations like MasterCard, and supported on multiple devices. And there’s a good chance that they can replace passwords with token, biometrics and context-sensitive authentication, but it might take a while. After all, few businesses have stopped expiring passwords regularly, even though the official NIST guidance changed this year to point out that makes them less secure because if you keep making people learn new passwords they either pick less complex passwords or write them down. [ 17 tools to protect your online security ] Universal docking technology and USB-C When Apple introduced a MacBook Air with only one USB-C port it looked like a bold move that would kickstart the arrival of a universal, high-speed interconnect: One cable could connect a laptop to a docking station delivering high-speed video, storage and network connections, with multiple protocols going over what looked like a standard USB cable. Instead, it seems to have brought us the year of the dongle because so many devices still plug into to the standard USB port. As usual, it comes down to cost: USB-C ports are more expensive (and so are the cables). Plus, we still have lots of peripherals that connect to standard USB ports where a USB-C cable won’t fix the problem (like Logitech’s wireless receiver for mice and keyboards). The cost of cables and peripherals that connect to Macs has been an issue for enterprise adoption, and adding USB-C dongles to the shopping list only makes that more of an issue. Going wireless might be a better solution: The 802.11ad standard has the bandwidth over short distances to support universal docking stations, and it should show up in notebooks in 2017. But for now, you still need to budget for a range of cables and adapters and think about what peripherals will still work with any new laptops you order. Private app stores Remember when every business was going to have its own app store (or its own custom version of the big-name app stores) with line of business apps showing up alongside the latest mobile hits? According to the latest CCS Insight decision maker survey, only 11 percent of companies have a private app store. Even for large firms, it’s only 29 percent. And only 28 percent of companies have made any custom apps. That leaves most employees going to public app stores and a good deal of confusion about what they’re allowed to do there. While 69 percent of decision-makers say employees are supposed to get IT approval for buying apps, only 31 percent of employees agree. Given that the most popular apps are Microsoft Office, Skype, Google Apps, Dropbox and Facebook (if you ask IT teams), and Office, Adobe for PDFs, Skype, LinkedIn and WhatsApp (if you ask employees), private app stores may not be that important, as long as your line of business apps work in mobile web browsers. [ Microsoft appears to be building a business app marketplace ] Portable, hybrid cloud OpenStack was going to be a way to have compatible private and public cloud services so you could migrate a workload from your own data center to a cloud service, move it to another cloud service or bring it back in house whenever the costs looked better. With HP and Cisco closing down their OpenStack services, that’s looking less like the direction CIOs want from public cloud. Indeed, it was customer feedback that had Microsoft switch Azure Stack to focus on bringing the higher-level, higher-value PaaS services to hybrid cloud instead of the commodity IaaS services you can switch between. Those commodity IaaS options aren’t as interchangeable as they could be: You can use a cloud broker to move VMs from cloud to cloud, but you still need different VPNs for each cloud and every cloud has its own resource management interfaces for controlling resources like storage and databases and its own key management services for encryption. Investing in the complex orchestration platform you’d need to have in order to achieve frictionless cloud mobility would likely cost more than you could save by migration. This is because of how closely the big cloud services price match each other, especially when the real value is leveraging those higher-level PaaS services. If you’re worried about cloud lock-in, think about flexible, decoupled design patterns that you could re-implement on another service, not the intercloud equivalent of lift and shift. [ Has VMware found a cloud strategy savior in AWS? ] General AI AI chatbots, business analytics and machine learning matured this year to the point that most businesses can usefully start to take advantage of them for areas like security, CRM and support. Conversational interfaces in chat clients or on devices are becoming useful, at least for quick queries. But what we don’t have, and might never get, is general purpose ‘artificial intelligence’ that can do any job the way a human can. If your Facebook chatbot stops getting calls from customers, you can’t put it to work analyzing phishing emails. You’d have to create a whole new data model and build a whole new system to tackle another information domain. Plus, the predictions and analyses from machine learning systems are only going to be as good as the data and the data models you feed them. Even then there will be false positives and spurious correlations, as well as deliberate attacks on those systems like the internet trolls who had Microsoft’s Tay bot spewing hate speech. And what you get out of AI-based systems is a prediction with a certainty level, which means we’re going to have to get comfortable dealing with uncertainty, and we need to be prepared for the machine learning failures that are in our future. [ How to use data to design the best market for your company ] Getting off server products before they’re out of support This one is a gift IT could give itself and rarely does. Support lifecycles are public. It wasn’t a surprise that Microsoft SQL Server 2005 stopped getting support and security updates in April 2016, any more than it would have been a surprise that the Windows Server 2003 you were probably running that database on stopped getting updates in 2015. Having noticed how bad companies are at this, Microsoft did at least put a price on procrastination. If you have Software Assurance, you can buy Premium Assurance to get critical security fixes for an extra six years (for 5-12 percent of the license cost). Or you can use that cost as an argument to move to the newer version of the software that you’re already paying for with Software Assurance. Give yourself a gift for next year and start planning what to do about Windows Server 2008 and SQL Server 2008 reaching end-of-life in 2020. [ The best new features in Windows Server 2016 ] Related video: 6 Styles of Customer Analytics More from Gartner Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers. Join the CIO newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. More about ACSAdobeAppleARMAssuranceAWSCCSCiscoCustomDropboxFacebookGoogleHPInsightLogitechMacsMicrosoftPremiumSkypeSpiceworks Editor's Recommendations ​Is Apple under threat? How operational resilience helped RBA survive a siege ​Real estate agents gain some data intelligence Bully building body replacement's tech transformation trips before bouncing back Exclusive: City of Monash leaps towards virtualisation and cloud ​6 ways to show your emotional intelligence Read more Veeam Resources Centre Gartner Partner Zone Ransomware Resource Centre Latest Blog Posts Digital disinterest David Bartlett Why best practice is risky Rob Livingstone Open Government, how ready is Australia? Rory Gregg Related Whitepapers CIO Forum in Association with Dell Technologies The Rise of 'Data and Analytics' Roles Points to Digital Business Transformation Making IT smarter with advanced event correlation and management Obtaining ROI from HPE Operations Bridge Latest Jobs Account Delivery Lead NSW Account Delivery Lead NSW PMO Analyst NSW Senior Android Developer NSW Project Manager/Scrum Master NSW Systems Engineer - SCCM & Lync/Skype for Business QLD Analyst Programmer Investment Banking VIC Technical Business Analyst NSW IT Engineer NSW Project Manager NSW Show all jobs Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read next Should Google buy Slack to bridge messaging gap? 4 information security threats that will dominate 2017 Will site blocking stop internet pirates in Australia? In pictures: CIO Summit Melbourne In pictures: CIO50 launch party ​‘Worst unplanned system outage in recent memory’: Commissioner of taxation Market Place WIN a HTC Vive Kit valued at $1399, take this 3 minute survey for your chance to WIN! Participate in this market research and go into the draw to win a Lego Death Star, (valued at $999). Answer 5 quick questions and you could win a Lego Mindstorm EV3, (valued at $499). CSO Donald Trump offers cybersecurity warning: 'No computer is safe' New year's resolution for IoT vendors: Start treating LANs as hostile It's 2017 and changing other people's flight bookings is incredibly easy What to do if your data is taken hostage Critical flaw in PHPMailer library puts millions of websites at risk Computerworld After a big 2016, next year may be A.I. tipping point Mozilla to scrap Firefox support on Windows XP and Vista in 2017 Corporate boards aren't prepared for cyberattacks Tips for new tech devices Software is eating the food world ARN ​Data and analytics - Two sides of the same coin? ​Big business supports Aussie tech but fails to give start-ups a fair go IT services chief faces court over union fraud allegations ​Overseas investor acquires Hemisphere Technologies What the govt’s IT outsourcing trend means for Aussie partners Techworld Donald Trump offers cybersecurity warning: 'No computer is safe' Hands on: Dell twists the XPS 13 into a 2-in-1 How to hang on to Windows 7 for the long run The US has sanctioned Russia over election hacking New year's resolution for IoT vendors: Start treating LANs as hostile CMO Our most-read CMO profiles of 2016 CMO’s top 16 marketing stories of 2016 How an Australian tech company won licensing rights around Star Wars CMO's top 10 martech stories for the week - 21 December CMO interview: Taking test and learn marketing to the extreme at Expedia Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising Books CSO Subscribe to emails IDG registered user login Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites PC World GoodGearGuide Computerworld CMO CSO Techworld ARN CIO Executive Council IDG Education IDG Government IDG Health
← → 0 Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums View Full Site Ars Technica Ars Technica UK Dark on light Light on dark Log in Register Forgot your password? Resend activation e-mail Gear & Gadgets / Product News & Reviews Mini-shootout: $900 smartphone vs. $3,000 DSLR, round three It’s still not a match at the extremes, but it’s definitely “good enough.” by Lee Hutchinson - Dec 28, 2016 2:00 pm UTC Login to bookmark 277 Enlarge / Detail shot of the CONTROL console, which watched over the hardware portions of the Apollo Lunar Module's guidance systems. Jay Lee The smartphone-vs-DSLR shootout has become something of a tradition here at the Ars Orbiting HQ. We did one in 2014 and another in 2015, relying on my own (small) skills as a photographer to stage and shoot a bunch of different images using both the latest model iPhone and my Canon 5D Mark III DSLR. For the past two years, we’ve had essentially the same two takeaways: first, that smartphones take pretty solid pictures when the lighting is good; second, I am a crap photographer and we need to hire someone who knows how to compose a scene if we’re going to keep doing these. Well, good news, everyone: this time around, for this shootout, we got together with Houston-area pro photographer Jay Lee. This partnership has resulted in some excellent images without any of the casual mistakes my shots exhibited in past comparisons. (If Jay’s name sounds familiar, it’s because he gained some Internet fame a few years ago when Slashdot featured his efforts to fight a paranoid conspiracy theorist illegally using his photos.) We also tried hard to find interesting environments to shoot and wound up at some neat places—inside NASA’s Apollo mission control center, deep underground in a forgotten cistern, and behind the scenes at a local network TV station control room. The idea was to gather shots in several distinct environments: very low light, normal low indoor light, and bright outdoor sun. We also constructed a few shots specifically to show off the iPhone 7 Plus’ dual-camera “zoom” feature, along with its software-based background blur bokeh function. A note on goals The idea, as with past tests, was to shoot the same scenes with both a smartphone and a DSLR and then compare the quality of the output. As with all past tests, the DSLRs tend to come out on top—but the thing we’re really looking at is how close the smartphone comes to equaling the DSLR. And, as with past tests, there are a number of areas where the smartphone looks pretty damn good. Nobody—except possibly Apple’s marketing department—claims that smartphones are better than DSLRs. However, phones long ago left “good enough” territory; images produced by a modern smartphone like the iPhone 7 Plus or Google Pixel can be flat-out excellent when the images are constructed to play to the smartphones’ strengths. Conversely, throwing money at a DSLR and lenses and speedlights won’t automatically mean you produce amazing images—the picture-taker’s ability to compose the shot is still overwhelmingly important. The gear For this roundup, we went with Apple’s iPhone 7 Plus as our representative smartphone and a pair of Sony Alpha bodies (an A7S and an A99V) for our DSLR exemplars. “But Lee,” you ask, “why an iPhone 7 Plus instead of a Google Pixel phone? The Pixel has the best smartphone camera on the planet!” Great question! The iPhone 7 Plus was our first pick for this particular piece because of two things. First, its fancy double-camera arrangement, which includes both a “standard” lens and sensor and a second “telephoto” lens and sensor. The “telephoto” lens and sensor give the phone an advantage over other smartphones when shooting zoomed images, since most other smartphones use digital zoom instead of optical. Enlarge / The iPhone 7 Plus' dual camera arrangement. Apple Second, because it does something interesting with its two cameras in an attempt to mimic DSLR results. Both images can be combined in software to produce a portrait-style image—a sharp foreground and a pleasingly blurred background. This kind of image is easy to produce on a standalone interchangeable lens-type camera, where you can compose a shot with a shallow depth of field, but considerably more difficult to do with a smartphone. Apple’s solution uses software to fake the blur, and we wanted to see exactly how well it works (spoiler: it’s alright but noticeably less good than the real thing). Still, the Pixel's camera looks intriguing, and now that the Pixel is widely available—which it wasn't when we took these shots a few months back—we will include it in our next roundup, coming in the first half of 2017. For each of the shoots below, we tried to match the composition as closely as we could between the iPhone and the DSLR. I had Jay shoot in RAW on all devices and asked him to post-process all the images—iPhone and DSLR both—as he would if he were going to use the photos professionally. The gallery thumbnails below have been further resized and scaled for Web display, but the original full-size images are available if you click through each image. (For reference, Jay used DxO OpticsPro for post-processing—I am also a fan of DxO and have been using it instead of Lightroom for about a year now.) Scenario 1: Very low light Our first shoot took us to Houston’s Buffalo Bayou Park Cistern, an abandoned underground drinking water reservoir near downtown Houston that has been renovated and repurposed as a quiet tourist destination. Visitors enter the cistern through a newly constructed public entrance that meanders a bit to give eyes a chance to adjust from sunlight to dimness; the path opens onto a narrow, inclined ledge that rings the chamber. The cistern is fully enclosed and dark, with light coming from red exit signs and dim orange overhead bulbs. The ledge that circles the space has been reinforced and made safe for the public, but it’s still a fascinatingly creepy vault. Concrete columns rise through the center of the space that was once filled with water; sounds echo for almost thirty seconds. A few people murmuring produces an oddly unsettling aural effect, as if a vast multitude was conversing just behind the rough concrete walls. Jay Lee iPhone 7 Plus back camera (3.99mm, f/1.8), 1/15 second at f/2.8, ISO 1600. The dimness of the cistern proved difficult for the iPhone to deal with, and we had some trouble setting up a timer shot with the RAW app we were using. Jay Lee iPhone 7 Plus back camera (3.99mm, f/1.8), 1/15 second at f/2.8, ISO 1600. The dimness of the cistern proved difficult for the iPhone to deal with, and we had some trouble setting up a timer shot with the RAW app we were using. Jay Lee iPhone 7 Plus back camera (3.99mm, f/1.8), 1/4 second at f/1.8, ISO 1250. Forcing a longer exposure helped a bit, but the iPhone is clearly not meant for this dark of an environment. Sony SLT-A99V with 16-35mm F2.8 ZA SSM lens @ 30mm, 30 seconds at f/3.5, ISO 100. The A99V fared much better, since we could easily set up a long exposure shot for it to drink in all the available light. Jay Lee iPhone 7 Plus back camera (3.99mm, f/1.8), 1/15 second at f/1.8, ISO 1600. The phone tries its best, but without a 3rd-party app to allow long exposures, this isn't the right place to use an iPhone. Jay Lee Sony SLT-A99V with 16-35mm F2.8 ZA SSM lens @ 22mm, 30 seconds at f/3.5, ISO 100. The A99V DSLR, on the other hand, is happy in low light. Scenario 2: Normal indoor light We could shoot indoors anywhere, but with the Johnson Space Center just a few minutes away, why not feature someplace worth seeing? JSC’s Public Affairs Office was happy to let us use the restored Apollo Mission Operations Control Room #2 (MOCR 2) on the third floor of Building 30 to take some indoor shots. This wasn’t our first time in MOCR 2—we've written extensively about Apollo Mission Control in this piece a few years ago, where Apollo flight controller Sy Liebergot gave us the skinny on exactly how Mission Control functioned and what each flight controller’s console was used for. The room was then, and remains now, almost a holy place, quiet as a church, and the carpeted raised-floor tiles bear the coffee stains of five decades of human space flight. The sage green Ford Philco consoles are vividly iconic, looking simultaneously futuristic and almost laughably antiquated. Most of the consoles at this point sport a mix of Shuttle- and Apollo-era control panels, and none are in an original flight configuration (which varied from mission to mission anyway). Still, the knobs and buttons proved as irresistible as ever; while Jay tirelessly set up and shot pictures, I chatted with our PAO representative and idly toggled switches on and off. The buttons are heavy and chunky, requiring several pounds of pressure to depress, and they all make the same metallic “CHUNK” when engaged. Jay Lee iPhone 7 Plus back camera (3.99mm, f/1.8), 1/20 sec at f/1.8, ISO 200. Standing at the rear corner of MOCR2. It's dim, but not overly so; the iPhone picks up the room without problems. Jay Lee iPhone 7 Plus back camera (3.99mm, f/1.8), 1/20 sec at f/1.8, ISO 200. Standing at the rear corner of MOCR2. It's dim, but not overly so; the iPhone picks up the room without problems. Jay Lee Sony ILCE-7S with 24-70mm F2.8 ZA SSM @ 24mm, 1/160 sec at f/2.8, ISO 4000. Shooting at f/2.8 to trade some aperture for shutter speed, the background is a bit behind the focal plane. Jay Lee iPhone 7 Plus back camera (3.99mm, f/1.8), 1/13 sec at f/1.8, ISO 100. A close-up of CONTROL, one of the Lunar Module-specific stations. The tiny iPhone lens doesn't really do a depth-of-field blur, so the background remains in focus. Jay Lee Sony ILCE-7S with 24-70mm F2.8 ZA SSM @ 50mm, 1/160 sec at f/2.8, ISO 5000. A similar but very different shot with the DSLR, focusing on the console at f/2.8 and letting the background blur away. Jay Lee iPhone 7 Plus back camera (3.99mm, f/1.8), 1/15 sec at f/1.8, ISO 100. Looking at the Flight Director's console, with the red NASA Bat Phone for a splash of color. Jay Lee Sony ILCE-7S with 24-70mm F2.8 ZA SSM @ 24mm, 1/160 sec at f/2.8, ISO 3200. The DSLR again lets the background blur away, bringing attention to the foreground. Jay Lee iPhone 7 Plus back camera (3.99mm, f/1.8), 1/13 sec at f/1.8, ISO 100. Detail on one of the ABORT panels at the FIDO console. Jay Lee Sony ILCE-7S with 24-70mm F2.8 ZA SSM @ 50mm, 1/160 sec at f/2.8, ISO 2500. When viewed at original size, the DSLR's full-frame sensor clearly captures more data than the iPhone's. Jay Lee iPhone 7 Plus back camera (3.99mm, f/1.8), 1/4 sec at f/1.8, ISO 100. Peeking inside one of the consoles to see some of the guts. Jay Lee Sony ILCE-7S with 24-70mm F2.8 ZA SSM @ 26mm, 1/100 sec at f/2.8, ISO 12800. Pushing the DSLR to ISO 12800 to grab more details. Jay Lee iPhone 7 Plus back camera (3.99mm, f/1.8), 1/25 sec at f/1.8, ISO 40. Standing in the lobby of Building 30, just outside the MCC security doors. Jay Lee Sony ILCE-7S with 24-70mm F2.8 ZA SSM @ 24mm, 1/160 sec at f/4, ISO 1600. Jay Lee iPhone 7 Plus back camera (3.99mm, f/1.8), 1/13 sec at f/1.8, ISO 100. Standing in the front of MOCR2, looking back at the consoles. Jay Lee Sony ILCE-7S with 16mm F2.8 Fisheye, 1/160 sec at f/2.8, ISO 3200. Swapping in a fisheye for a wide shot of the room on the DSLR. Jay also did some additional indoor comparisons at the Channel 13 studio in Houston, snapping images of the control room and main anchor desk. Jay Lee iPhone 7 Plus back camera (3.99mm, f/1.8), 1/31 sec at f/1.8, ISO 32. The anchor desk at our local ABC affiliate. Jay Lee iPhone 7 Plus back camera (3.99mm, f/1.8), 1/31 sec at f/1.8, ISO 32. The anchor desk at our local ABC affiliate. Jay Lee Sony ILCE-7S with 16-35mm F2.8 ZA SSM @ 16mm, 1/160 sec at f/4, ISO 1600. Plenty of light to work with, so aside from the different framing from the lens, the pictures are pretty close. The DSLR has perhaps a bit less noise. Jay Lee iPhone 7 Plus back camera (3.99mm, f/1.8), 1/8 sec at f/1.8, ISO 80. Though the control room is dim, the iPhone pulls out a solid image (though it's a bit noisy in spots). Jay Lee Sony ILCE-7S with 16-35mm F2.8 ZA SSM @ 35mm, 1/160 sec at f/2.8, ISO 4000. The DSLR copes with the dimness by pushing the ISO. Scenario 3: Outdoors The Buffalo Bayou park area of Houston provided excellent fodder for full-sun outdoor shots, with enough visually interesting buildings to make for some good comparisons. As with most smartphone cameras, the iPhone 7 Plus camera is at its best when it has lots of light to work with. The images produced are indistinguishable at a quick glance from the DSLR images. iPhone 7 Plus back camera (3.99mm, f/1.8), 1/2500 sec at f/1.8, ISO 20. Out in the sun, the iPhone's pix are vibrant. iPhone 7 Plus back camera (3.99mm, f/1.8), 1/2500 sec at f/1.8, ISO 20. Out in the sun, the iPhone's pix are vibrant. Jay Lee Sony SLT-A99V with 16-35mm F2.8 ZA SSM @ 35mm, 1/160 sec at f/13, ISO 100. The DSLR, of course, also looks great—and benefits from being able to easily control the depth of field. Jay Lee iPhone 7 Plus back camera (3.99mm, f/1.8), 1/3000 sec at f/1.8, ISO 20. Jay Lee Sony SLT-A99V with 16-35mm F2.8 ZA SSM @ 35mm, 1/320 sec at f/8, ISO 100. Jay Lee iPhone 7 Plus back camera (3.99mm, f/1.8), 1/2500 sec at f/1.8, ISO 20. Jay Lee Sony SLT-A99V with 16-35mm F2.8 ZA SSM @ 24mm, 1/160 sec at f/13, ISO 100. Jay Lee iPhone 7 Plus back camera (3.99mm, f/1.8), 1/4000 sec at f/1.8, ISO 20. Jay Lee Sony SLT-A99V with 16-35mm F2.8 ZA SSM @ 18mm, 1/160 sec at f/13, ISO 100. Jay Lee iPhone 7 Plus back camera (3.99mm, f/1.8), 1/3400 sec at f/1.8, ISO 20. Jay Lee Sony SLT-A99V with 16-35mm F2.8 ZA SSM @ 22mm, 1/100 sec at f/11, ISO 100. The DSLR also benefits here with a wider field of view with this lens, presenting the building in a more traditional portrait style. Scenario 4: Zoom and portrait bokeh The last set of images compares the zoom and portrait mode functionality of the iPhone with that of a DSLR. The big takeaway here is that the DSLR, with its multitude of lenses and fine control over settings, provides a tremendous amount of flexibility in framing and shooting portraits. Tight manual control over the depth of field coupled with a large lens means you can choose to zoom on objects and still shoot them with a blurred or unblurred background, depending on how you set your F-stop, whereas the iPhone has to use software trickery and produces a much less pleasing blur. The images from iPhone’s zoom lens are also not super great—though they are unquestionably superior to the digital zooms of the past. Jay Lee iPhone 7 Plus back zoom camera (6.6mm, f/2.8), 1/60 sec at f/2.8, ISO 500. This first attempt at a portrait led to a noisy foreground. The background is appropriately blurred, but the image doesn't look that great. Jay Lee iPhone 7 Plus back zoom camera (6.6mm, f/2.8), 1/60 sec at f/2.8, ISO 500. This first attempt at a portrait led to a noisy foreground. The background is appropriately blurred, but the image doesn't look that great. Jay Lee Sony ILCE-7S with FE 55mm F1.8 ZA, 1/60 sec at f/1.8, ISO 200. Similar framing on a DSLR shows how it should look, with a sharp foreground and a creamy, even blur in the back. Jay Lee iPhone 7 Plus back zoom camera (6.6mm, f/2.8), 1/53 sec at f/2.8, ISO 80. In a different environment with more light, though, the iPhone steps it up. Jay Lee Sony ILCE-7S with FE 55mm F1.8 ZA, 1/250 sec at f/1.8, ISO 100. The DSLR's picture doesn't look that different. Jay Lee iPhone 7 Plus back zoom camera (6.6mm, f/2.8), 1/54 sec at f/2.8, ISO 80. However, this shot shows the limitations of software-based background blurring. Compare it to the DSLR frame up next. Jay Lee Sony ILCE-7S with FE 55mm F1.8 ZA, 1/160 sec at f/1.8, ISO 100. Beautifully isolated subject and wonderful bokeh in the back. Jay Lee iPhone 7 Plus back zoom camera (6.6mm, f/2.8), 1/60 sec at f/2.8, ISO 50. The iPhone's zoom lens works best when there's plenty of light. Jay Lee Sony ILCE-7S with 16-35mm F2.8 ZA SSM at @ 35mm, 1/160 sec at f/4, ISO 400. But the DSLR still wins on detail and subject isolation. Jay Lee iPhone 7 Plus back zoom camera (6.6mm, f/2.8), 1/60 sec at f/2.8, ISO 100. Away from direct sunlight, the images from the iPhone's zoom lens turn noisy and washed out. Jay Lee Sony ILCE-7S with 16-35mm F2.8 ZA SSM at @ 35mm, 1/160 sec at f/4, ISO 800. The DSLR's full-frame sensor and huge lens scoop up light and detail the iPhone can't get. The art of good enough This year’s shootout comes to essentially the same conclusion as the last: a high-end smartphone camera can under many circumstances produce images that are as good as a DSLR’s images. But “many circumstances” doesn’t mean “all the time,” and if you’re going somewhere specifically to take pictures, you’ll still want a high-quality standalone camera. On the other hand, state-of-the-art smartphone cameras have for years now been good enough to use for basically everything, and the iPhone has the advantage of being on you all the time. The best camera, as they say, is the one you have with you, and an Internet-connected smartphone remains the easiest way for just about anyone to take a picture of a thing and then share that thing with the world. Expand full story Reader comments 277 You must login or create an account to comment. Share - Tweet Email Google - Reddit - Lee Hutchinson / Lee is the Senior Technology Editor at Ars and oversees gadget, automotive, IT, and culture content. He also knows stuff about enterprise storage, security, and manned space flight. Lee is based in Houston, TX.  ← Older Story Newer Story →  You May Also Like WIRED Media: Ars Technica and WIRED © 2017 Condé Nast. All rights reserved Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012) Your California Privacy Rights The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
null
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « More Apple iDevices got Activated this Holiday Season than those from Samsung, even though the Gap is Narrowing | Main | Korea's Antitrust Agency Hits Qualcomm with Record $865 Million Fine for Excessive Licensing Fees to Phone Makers » December 28, 2016 Microsoft's new Surface Studio Desktop Sales for the Quarter were Really Surprising   The week before Microsoft launched their Surface Studio all-in-one iMac challenger, the news that Microsoft's Surface tablets jumped 38% in its latest quarter was to pump up the Surface brand prior to their desktop event. I pointed out that their seemingly impressive statistic was actually miles from relevancy when compared to Apple's iPad sales. Microsoft's tablet sales added up to $926 million in contrast to Apple's $4.876 Billion. In reality, Surface tablets are miles from Apple's leading iPad.   The press went on to pump up Microsoft's event over Apple's MacBook event. MIT went so far as to say that Microsoft is looking like the New Apple. Earlier this month Microsoft's marketing VP boasted that they saw more MacBook switchers to Surface products ever due to the disappointing MacBook for Pros. Next month we'll see how both sides did in terms of sales and I'm sure that Apple will once again bury Microsoft's mild bump in Surface sales. But somehow the press will figure a way to show that the 'Big Mo' is on Microsoft's side.   While Microsoft's new Surface Studio is a sexy desktop, at the price that they're selling it for, it's clearly out of reach for average consumers. It's truly aimed at a tiny niche of Pros. With all the hoopla in the tech press about the new Surface Studio, you'd think that the end result would be selling about a million, being that it's the holiday season and all. But in reality, the initial estimates are almost laughable.   For the record, Apple ships about 3.5-4 million all-in-one iMacs a year and is the second-largest all-in-one PC vendor worldwide behind Lenovo. According to a new report published earlier today "Global shipments of Microsoft's top-end Surface Studio all-in-one PC during the fourth quarter were originally estimated at 15,000 units mainly because its prices of US$2,999, US$3,499 and US$4,199 are much higher than other AIO PCs', but actually may reach 30,000 units based on orders, and Microsoft has ordered 30,000 units to be shipped in the first quarter of 2017, according to sources.   So maybe they sold 30,000 units for Q4 2016. I'll say it again a little S L O W E R so that you don't miss this surprising if not sobering statistic: Microsoft may have sold 30,000 units for the quarter. Yet somehow that tiny amount will be overblown by the press and translated into some kind of staggering success proving that Microsoft is the New Apple. Do I laugh or cry at this Fake News perpetrated by a member of the mainstream press?   For now we await the financials of both Apple and Microsoft to see if we'll be able to find any proof that Mac Switchers to Surface even register on either of their balance sheets. Something tells me that Microsoft's VP of Marketing won't be able to prove his mythical claims while Apple's MacBook figures will likely be close to record breaking with numbers that Microsoft might be able to match by the year 2036 – if they're lucky.   About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.     Posted by Jack Purcher on December 28, 2016 at 05:32 AM in 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports | Permalink Comments Verify your Comment Previewing your Comment Posted by:  |  This is only a preview. Your comment has not yet been posted. Your comment could not be posted. Error type: Your comment has been saved. Comments are moderated and will not appear until approved by the author. Post another comment The letters and numbers you entered did not match the image. Please try again. As a final step before posting your comment, enter the letters and numbers you see in the image below. This prevents automated programs from posting comments. Having trouble reading this image? View an alternate. Post a comment Comments are moderated, and will not appear until the author has approved them. Comment below or sign in with Typepad Facebook TwitterGoogle+and more... You are currently signed in as (nobody). Sign Out (You can use HTML tags like <b> <i> and <ul> to style your text. URLs automatically linked.) Your Information (Name is required. Email address will not be displayed with the comment.) Name is required to post a comment Please enter a valid email address Invalid URL Please enable JavaScript if you would like to comment on this blog. Search Recent Posts Note7 Probe Results due this Month While Samsung Admits that Growth will lag in 2017 Due to Tough Competition Apple's Chief Israeli Officer Appointed to Run the Israeli Government's 'Innovation Authority' Apple Partnered with Photographers to Capture New Year's Celebrations from around the World on iPhone 7 Apple's Normal Order Management after Christmas seems to have Falsely Alarmed Seasoned News Sites Foxconn Reaching Full Robotic Production Automation for All-in-One PC's and Advancing to other Products every Year Production of Apple's AirPods goes into High Gear in Multiple Shanghai Plants to Meet Consumer Demand Family Sues Apple for not using a patented iOS Feature Designed to shut Off Certain Apps while Driving In Apple's Wearable Device Universe you'll one day wear a Mini iPhone, iPod or Medical Device on your Wrist Apple Advances the Concept of the Apple Watch's Digital Crown Coming to all iDevices eventually Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports 6. Patently Xtra News 7. Snap News 8. Apple-IBM MobileFirst 9. Apple Events & Financial Related Accessories Apple & Market Statistics Apple - Macs Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple iTunes / Apple Music Apple Pay, iWallet, NFC Related Apple Pencil - Smart Pen Apple Store Apple Watch + Other Wearables AppleTV Related Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible, Foldable Facial Recognition & 3D Related Future Interfaces Green Technology Haptics & Tactile iBeacon News + Inductive, Wireless Charging Liquid Metal Location Related, Indoor Mapping Maps Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Reports Projection Related Security Related Smart Bezels + Social Networking Software + OS Solar Energy Sports Related Travel Related Vehicle Related Videos Videos (Reports with) See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
  SOFTPEDIA® DESKTOP Windows Games Drivers Mac Linux MOBILE Android APK Phones Tablets WEB Webscripts Web Browsers NEWS Softpedia > News > Apple > iWorld > iPhone FLASH SALE: SpyShelter Anti-Keylogger Premium      30% OFF! The Jet White iPhone 7 Looks Stunning in This Mockup GO Still no evidence that Apple plans such a model, though Dec 28, 2016 13:05 GMT  ·  By Bogdan Popa  ·  Share:  ​Rumor has it that Apple might be planning a white version of the iPhone, possibly to debut with the next-generation in the fall of 2017, but as it usually happens with everything Apple, there’s still no official hint that this is indeed the plan. A video that was posted on Twitter by Sonny Dickson, however, shows what seems to be a white version of the iPhone 7, which he describes as “Jet White” without providing any other details. And while everything is pretty sketchy on this white iPhone, let’s dig deeper into details to see what this is all about. First and foremost, why a white iPhone? Long-time Apple fans probably remember that there was a time when Cupertino actually offered a white iPhone, and now people familiar with the company’s plans indicate that bringing back this version is at least being considering within the firm. But if this is indeed supposed to happen, don’t hold your breath for a white iPhone 7, as Apple typically launches new color versions with new generations, which means that white could be held back for the 2017 iPhone called either iPhone 7s or iPhone 8. The ceramic Apple Watch Demand for a white iPhone most likely skyrocketed when Apple launched the ceramic Apple Watch earlier this year, which is exclusively available in white. And given that Apple is already offering a glossy iPhone in black (Jet Black), it’s no wonder that so many people expect the iPhone to be white at some point in the future as well. Apple is known as a company that’s trying to offer consistency across its product portfolio, and the majority of colors available on one device are available on others too, such as in the case of the Rose Gold. In the case of this mockup, there’s only a small chance this is the real Jet White iPhone 7, as it’s most likely just a case purchased from third-party websites or a black iPhone that was painted in white using professional tools. Regardless of whether it’s real or not, this mockup once again shows that a white iPhone 7 would look absolutely fantastic and Apple has absolutely no reason not to release it. Could this be the Jet White iPhone 7? pic.twitter.com/pHoDiZ63ON — Sonny Dickson (@SonnyDickson) December 27, 2016 #Apple#iPhone 7#Jet White iPhone 7#iPhone 7#Apple Watch subscribe feedly old reader newsblur digg reader rss feed reddit it! flip it share it tweet it Related  ·  Hot right now  ·  Latest news 5-Inch iPhone to Launch Next Year with Vertical Dual-Camera System Top 2017 iPhone Codenamed “Ferrari,” Featuring OLED and New Internal Design Samsung to Become Exclusive Supplier of OLED Displays for the iPhone 8 iPhone 8 Could Copy Samsung Galaxy Note’s Signature Feature New Leaked Image Points to Continuum-like Functionality for Samsung Galaxy S8 Asus ZenFone AR Tango-Enabled Smartphone Inadvertently Confirmed by Qualcomm HTC's Next Flagship to Be Called “U Ultra,” Rumored to Pack 6-Inch Display ASUS Launching New ZenFone With Snapdragon 835 SoC at CES Ubuntu 17.04 Skips First Alpha for Opt-In Flavors, GCC 6.3.0 Hits the Repository Penetration Testing and Ethical Hacking Parrot Security OS 3.4.1 Includes GNUnet PeaZip 6.3.0 Free Archiving App Improves DPI Awareness, Adds Hamburger Menu Netrunner Desktop 17.01 "Baryon" Rolls Out Based on Debian GNU/Linux 9 "Stretch"    Custom iPhone 7 created by ColorWare new ios apps NeuroNation: Train your brain to improve your memory and focus with NeuroNation Flipagram: Create cool videos by mixing up your photos with music Timer+: Set up dozens of timers and control them all with ease Nutshell Camera: Create some pretty cool videos with Nutshell Camera IKEA Catalogue: Check out the IKEA Catalogue for more than just furniture Complete: Complete puts a social twist to your regular to-do list/ task manager WebMD Baby: WebMD Baby offers help in how to best tend to your baby Reader comments First iPhone 7 Jailbreak (iOS 10.1.1) Now Available for Download more on: Apple i softpedia®     Like 202K    +1 56K     Follow 13K © 2001-2017 Softpedia. All rights reserved. Softpedia® and the Softpedia® logo are registered trademarks of SoftNews NET SRL. Privacy Policy news tip feedback      
About us Advertise Newsletter Contact us A.I. Big Data Cloud Computing Fintech Infosec Internet of Things Martech Wearable Tech AI Continues To Draw Interest From Tech Giants Posted December 28, 2016 By Josh Hamilton Snapchat Acquires Israeli Start-up Snapchat (recently rebranded as Snap Inc) have just acquired the Israeli start-up Cimagine, in a deal worth roughly $30-40 million. Cimagine is a mobile, cloud-based platform, that allows clients to see what a product would look like in their store, by creating a 3-D visualization of the product. It uses the same sort of technology as Pokemon Go, but for product and design purposes. For example, Coca Cola, (one of their biggest clients) can use the software to show store owners how vending machines or displays would fit into spaces in the shop. Check out this video for a demonstration. This isn’t the first acquisition we have seen from Snap Inc this year, the Cimagine deal means they have bought 6 new start-ups this year, as they try to expand their market share, and move into new technologies and markets. Apple Publishes First AI Paper Apple are a company synonymous with secrecy and mysterious un-named projects, however they are taking down their guard with respect to one field of research and developments, Artificial Intelligence. AI research is a subject that has not been without it’s controversies, and to that end Apple has decided to become part of the wider community of AI developers and share their research with the world. This is the very first paper that Apple has ever published on AI –it addresses the problem of teaching AI to recognize objects using simulated images, which are easier to use than photos (since you don’t need a human to tag items) but poor for adapting to real-world situations. They pitted neural networks against each other, in order to train them to improve the realism of simulated objects. With their expanding autonomous car plans, and other AI research, this could be the first of many research papers to come from Apple. Google Hit’s Reset In 2016 Google’s IO developer conference gives them the perfect way to explore and celebrate the fact that 2016 has been an incredibly consequential year in the Google story. Google used 2016 to expand into hardware, enterprise, and the cloud, in ways that they haven’t previously explored. We got the Google Pixel, Google Home, Google Wifi, and the Daydream VR Headset, as well as advances in AI research and application as google became an industry leader with their Siri and Cortana rival, Google Assistant. Once you add the continued development of Google Cloud in competition with Azure and AWS, you start to see the big picture of Google’s reorganisation. Google have set themselves up to become the industry leader for smart devices, hardware, software, and cloud services – although there will certainly be challenges. They continue to put themselves ahead of the field in so many areas, and will continue to do so for the foreseeable future (I’m sure of it). By Josh Hamilton Author More Articles About Josh Hamilton An aspiring journalist and writer from Belfast, Northern Ireland, living in London, Ontario. Lover of music, politics, tech and life. View Website 10 Companies To Watch In 2017 - January 2, 2017 AI Continues To Draw Interest From Tech Giants - December 28, 2016 Movers and Shakers – 10 Cyber Security Firms Worth Exploring - December 22, 2016 News Round-up – Google Android Things - December 20, 2016 How VoIP Can Help Grow Small Businesses - December 15, 2016View All Articles A.I, Cloud Computing, Internet of Things Sorry, comments are closed for this post. Using Private Cloud Architecture For Multi-Tier Applications Cloud Architecture These days, Multi-Tier Applications are the norm. From SharePoint’s front-end/back-end configuration, to LAMP-based websites using multiple servers to handle different functions, a multitude of apps require public and private-facing components to work in tandem. Placing these apps in entirely public-facing platforms and networks simplifies the process, but at the cost of security vulnerabilities. Locating everything… Contributor Archive - Posted by CloudTweaks The Importance of Cloud Backups: Guarding Your Data Against Hackers The Importance of Cloud Backups Cloud platforms have become a necessary part of modern business with the benefits far outweighing the risks. However, the risks are real and account for billions of dollars in losses across the globe per year. If you’ve been hacked, you’re not alone. Here are some other companies in the past… Contributor Archive - Posted by Alex Miller Disaster Recovery – A Thing Of The Past! Disaster Recovery  Ok, ok – I understand most of you are saying disaster recovery (DR) is still a critical aspect of running any type of operations. After all – we need to secure our future operations in case of disaster. Sure – that is still the case but things are changing – fast. There are… Contributor Archive - Posted by Johan Christenson How To Overcome Data Insecurity In The Cloud Data Insecurity In The Cloud Today’s escalating attacks, vulnerabilities, breaches, and losses have cut deeply across organizations and captured the attention of, regulators, investors and most importantly customers. In many cases such incidents have completely eroded customer trust in a company, its services and its employees. The challenge of ensuring data security is far more… Contributor Archive - Posted by Evelyn de Souza The Five Rules of Security and Compliance in the Public Cloud Era Security and Compliance  With technology at the heart of businesses today, IT systems and data are being targeted by criminals, competitors and even foreign governments. Every day, we hear about how another retailer, bank or Internet company has been hacked and private information of customers or employees stolen. Governments and oversight organizations are responding to… Contributor Archive - Posted by CloudTweaks The Key To Improving Business Lies In Eye-Interaction Tech Eye-Interaction Technology Analysts at Goldman Sachs predict virtual reality revenue will surpass TV within the next decade. More than just some gaming fad, VR represents a whole new way for organizations to train, research, and explore vast amounts of data. Despite its popularity, however, VR is still not in the hands of the majority, and… Contributor Archive - Posted by CloudTweaks 3 Keys To Keeping Your Online Data Accessible Online Data Data storage is often a real headache for businesses. Additionally, the shift to the cloud in response to storage challenges has caused security teams to struggle to reorient, leaving 49 percent of organizations doubting their experts’ ability to adapt. Even so, decision makers should not put off moving from old legacy systems to… Contributor Archive - Posted by CloudTweaks How The CFAA Ruling Affects Individuals And Password-Sharing Individuals and Password-Sharing With the 1980s came the explosion of computing. In 1980, the Commodore ushered in the advent of home computing. Time magazine declared 1982 was “The Year of the Computer.” By 1983, there were an estimated 10 million personal computers in the United States alone. As soon as computers became popular, the federal government… Contributor Archive - Posted by Erik Kangas Choosing IaaS or a Cloud-Enabled Managed Hosting Provider? There is a Difference – So Stop Comparing We are all familiar with the old saying “That’s like comparing apples to oranges” and though we learned this lesson during our early years we somehow seem to discount this idiom when discussing the Cloud. Specifically, IT buyers often feel justified when comparing the cost of a… Contributor Archive - Posted by Marc Malizia CloudTweaks © 2009-2017 View Full Site Connect Contributor Network Comic Library Vendors Contact Us 24shares
null
null
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Is THIS the 'jet white' iPhone 7? Video appears to show a sixth colour option for the popular device  Rumours of the new colour were first reported in November  'Pure white' colour could come to the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus, the sources said A video hinting at what the devices could look like has been posted on Twitter But many people have suggested the video may just show third-party cases  By Shivali Best For Mailonline Published: 07:14 EST, 28 December 2016 | Updated: 07:31 EST, 28 December 2016 e-mail 6 shares 36 View comments When Apple unveiled the iPhone 7 in September, its brand new 'jet black' design sold out in a matter of hours. But it appears that a new 'jet white' version could soon be hitting stores. A video has emerged online which hints at what the white version could look like, if Apple does release such a device. Scroll down for video  A video has emerged online which hints at what the white version of the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus could look like, if Apple does release such a device Reports of a new white version first appeared in November, when Japanese site, Mac Otakara, suggested that Apple would add a sixth colour option to its iPhone 7 line-up. Sources speaking to the website said: 'Apple seems to have a plan to add a pure white model to iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus.' The website cited the source as a 'supplier'.  RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Is YOUR data safe? Facebook admits government requests for... 'Should I get a divorce?' spikes on Google search trends... Are you harming your child by posting photos of them on... App that says you're too drunk to drive: Scientists develop... Share this article Share 'But this information may be unreliable,' the site added.  While no official 'jet white' iPhone has emerged yet, a video has appeared on Twitter which hints at what the device may look like. The post, by Sonny Dickson, a technology leaking site, says: 'Could this be the Jet White iPhone 7?' alongside a video showing an iPhone 7 and an iPhone 7 Plus, both with white casings. Could this be the Jet White iPhone 7? pic.twitter.com/pHoDiZ63ON— Sonny Dickson (@SonnyDickson) December 27, 2016 The iPhone 7 Plus features an Apple logo, but the iPhone 7 model does not, suggesting it could be a fake. Users on Twitter have noted that similar casing replacements can be found on various sites, such as Alibaba, suggesting the phones in the video may have third-party shells rather than official Apple designs. For example, a firm called ColorWare, which specialises in personalised cases, replied to the tweet with a picture of a very similar shell, saying: 'Looks familiar:)'  The iPhone 7 Plus features an Apple logo, but the iPhone 7 model does not, suggesting it could be a fake Users on Twitter have noted that similar casing replacements can be found on various sites. For example, a firm called ColorWare, which specialises in personalised cases, replied to the tweet with a picture of a very similar shell, saying: 'Looks familiar:)' Apple currently offers the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus in jet black, black, gold, rose gold and silver, while the Apple Watch is already available in a ceramic white.   Apple launched the iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus at a San Francisco event in September. The stakes for the iPhone 7 were high after sales of the gadget dropped during two straight quarters this year, the first declines in its history. An Apple information website based in Japan said the company might have plans to bring out a 'pure white' or 'jet white' version of the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus. The website cited the source as a 'supplier'. Artist's impression of the white iPhone pictured Apple currently offers the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus in jet black, black, gold, rose gold and silver The Apple Watch is already available in a ceramic white option, pictured The new phones feature improved cameras and eliminate the traditional headphone jack in favour of new technology.  Instead, users can plug into a Lighting port or can opt to use wireless 'AirPod' headphones that cost £159 in the UK and $159 in the US.  Reaction to the change was mixed, with many people taking to Twitter to mock the price of the AirPods and how easy they could be to lost. But others have praised the move - which Apple says took 'courage' - highlighting the importance of innovation to the iPhone's enduring popularity. The range of cases available for the iPhone 7 already comes with a white option (shown in the middle) WILL THE JET BLACK IPHONE SCRATCH? The glossy 'jet black' finish on the new iPhone 7 and 7 Plus may be more prone to scratching than other colours, says Apple. The frank admission was spotted under the FAQ section on Apple's iPhone 7 web page. The disclaimer reads: 'The high-gloss finish of the jet black iPhone 7 is achieved through a precision nine-step anodisation and polishing process. 'Its surface is equally as hard as other anodised Apple products; however, its high shine may show fine micro-abrasions with use.  'If you are concerned about this, we suggest you use one of the many cases available to protect your iPhone'.  Read more: iPhone¿Pure White¿¿¿¿¿¿¿¿¿¿¿ | Rumor | Mac¿¿¿¿¿ blog¿¿¿¿¿ Sonny Dickson on Twitter: "Could this be the Jet White iPhone 7? https://t.co/pHoDiZ63ON" Share or comment on this article e-mail 6 shares Most watched News videos Mariah botches New Year's Eve performance and storms off stage Heart-warming moment woman plays piano and sings in cathedral Man goes crazy when he catches another guy in bed with his wife Woman takes seven minutes to parallel park car in double space Man finally talks to wife after over twenty years of silence Passenger insults flight attendant before being led away by police Disturbing moment pitbull kills small dog in front of its owner Mass brawl erupts between customers and restaurant staff Dog shows off its incredibly efficient banana-eating technique Bottles and furniture thrown during terrifying NYE fight Spooky! 'Ghost' appears to follow two people down a driveway Take a look inside one of the brand new flats in The Collective Trump blasts Chicago mayor Rahm Emanuel for record-setting... Some people won't be having a happy new year! Carnage on the... George Michael's lover Fadi Fawaz reveals the singer died... Bitter Lemon? CNN anchor Don Lemon has his microphone cut as... Dick Clark Productions slams Mariah Carey's accusations of... New year, new life! Hot mugshot felon celebrates the... EXCLUSIVE - Weed belong together: Mariah Carey spotted... First pictures inside Istanbul nightclub show bodies strewn... Mommy and the model: Wendi Deng, 48, enjoys bikini break... Rosie O'Donnell calls Trump 'mentally unstable' on Twitter... ISIS is plotting ‘mass casualty’ chemical attack on Britain,... Meghan, the budding (and VERY sultry) star: Prince Harry's... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read The design genius who was left flummoxed by a potato peeler: Man who invented high-speed trains and the... Robots that hire and fire staff could soon be employed by the world's largest hedge fund in bid to improve... Scientists discover the gene editing 'off-switch' that could protect against accidents or stop it from being... Scientists solve the riddle of dinner party angst: The average person can't cope with more than four... Can YOU see what's really going on here? Confusing camel optical illusion leaves the internet baffled   Can a gel made with you own blood heal chronic leg wounds? Patients' own DNA can help kickstart repair... Are smart ROADS key for self-driving cars? Authorities say technology will prevent accidents, reduce travel... The terrifying power of mega tsunamis: Video reveals how a wave could wipe out the ENTIRE east coast of the... Elon Musk's SpaceX blames a fault in helium canister for massive Falcon 9 rocket explosion that destroyed... Is this the fossilised penis of an Ice Age mammoth found on a Norfolk beach - or is it something even... Walruses use seabirds as TOYS and even play with carcasses they find floating on the water No wonder the dinosaurs died out: They were vulnerable for the SIX MONTHS it took them to get out of their... Is iOS 10.3 on the way already? Rumor claims Apple's update could debut this month with 'Theater Mode' for... Observatory camera captures the rare moment a METEOR flies over an erupting volcano in Costa Rica How the threat of floods is shifting across the US: Map reveals the risk is growing in the north, but... MORE HEADLINES The terrifying power of mega tsunamis: Video reveals how a wave could wipe out the ENTIRE east coast of the US - but it's unlikely to happen Samsung unveils THREE new phones: New Galaxy A handsets feature metal frame with a glass back - and all are water and dust resistant Elon Musk's SpaceX blames a fault in helium canister for massive Falcon 9 rocket explosion that destroyed Facebook's $200m internet satellite Is iOS 10.3 on the way already? Rumor claims Apple's update could debut this month with 'Theater Mode' for texting during a movie From augmented reality and ultra-high resolution TVs to Faraday Future's 'Tesla killer': What to expect from CES 2017 Robots that hire and fire staff could soon be employed by the world's largest hedge fund in bid to improve efficiency No wonder the dinosaurs died out: They were vulnerable for the SIX MONTHS it took them to get out of their eggs when they were born  Walruses use seabirds as TOYS and even play with carcasses they find floating on the water Scientists solve the riddle of dinner party angst: The average person can't cope with more than four conversations at once MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today Two weeks to go: Downbeat-looking Sasha and Malia return from Hawaii with their parents after last family vacation on Air Force One  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Angelina Jolie takes sweet twins Vivienne and Knox and daughter Shiloh for ice cream during Colorado ski trip... as she jets away from divorce drama Trouble in paradise? Nicole Kidman and Keith Urban 'had a red carpet argument' at her Lion premiere in Sydney just days before dancing up a storm on stage on New Year's Eve Still on! Jennifer Lawrence, 26, enjoys romantic New Year's Eve stroll with boyfriend Darren Aronofsky, 47 Looked like a picture-perfect couple Rebecca Romijn flaunts rock hard abs at 44 while on holiday with husband Jerry O'Connell and twin daughters She has a figure women half her age would envy 'You all lost Princess Leia and Carrie Fisher, I lost my hero': Joely Fisher pens tribute to her sister and describes the final Christmas in hospital with her comatose sibling 'I've felt disgust, but never this kind of fear': Bruce Springsteen unleashes on Trump for promoting 'bigotry, racism and intolerance' and says his policies are nothing but 'lies' 'Super excited!' Teen Mom 3's Briana DeJesus announces she's expecting a second baby in July The 22-year-old has a five-year-old daughter 'I'm gay': Sister Wives' daughter Mariah, 21, shocks her parents by coming out as a lesbian  Kody and Meri Brown's daughter Mariah had a big announcement  Mommy and the model: Wendi Deng, 48, enjoys bikini break with her 21-year-old boy toy and two teenage daughters in St Barts Looked picture perfect Michael Phelps and wife Nicole celebrate New Year's Eve with wedding bash Invited Olympic swimmers Allison Schmitt and Elizabeth Beisel to the festivities Patrick Schwarzenegger hits pool as he takes girlfriend Abby Champion on family holiday in Mexico with Maria Shriver 'Taught me how to love': Chance The Rapper finally introduces 15-month-old daughter Kensli on Instagram Sweet snap Kourtney Kardashian and Scott Disick put on a united front in Aspen as they pose on their private jet They split up in summer 2015 EXCLUSIVE - Mariah Carey spotted heading into a marijuana dispensary on Christmas Eve, just one week before her Times Square meltdown  Fit couple! Mark Wahlberg shows off sculpted body while wife Rhea Durham is red hot in bikini on holiday in Barbados Stripping off 'Parenthood is not a competition': Eva Amurri Martino responds to 'cruel' critics after she revealed night nurse dropped baby son cracking his skull Reunited! Julianne Hough goes makeup free in an adorable family selfie with fiancé Brooks Laich and their fur babies Lexi and Harley 'Cutest thing I've ever seen': Ariana Grande offers a sneak peek into her video game character for Final Fantasy The Into You singer  She's head over heels! Bethenny Frankel, 46, flaunts more than bikini body as she performs impressive handstand in Mexico She's a Skinny Girl Bonding time! Nicola Peltz rocks a black bikini as she hugs her brother Will on family holiday together Shared an idyllic Instagram photo  Keeping her on her toes! Chrissy Teigen shows off legs in LBD as she does impressive ballet move while carrying baby Luna Model mom Bella Thorne flaunts pert derriere in a tiny bikini on holiday in the Bahamas... and even covers herself in body glitter Hitting the beach Country crooner Sam Hunt engaged to his girlfriend and Montevallo muse Hannah Lee Fowler The 32-year-old Georgia-born belter New year, new nails! Tobey Maguire's ex Jennifer Meyer makes manicure her priority at start of 2017 The jewelry designer dressed in ripped jeans  Mixing it up! Jamie Foxx's daughter Corinne raises temperatures in mismatched bikini during beach outing in Miami Rocking a two-piece Star in stripes: Natalie Portman keeps it comfortable in patterned top and hoodie while on morning walk in LA She donned shades for a stroll What happened to Sahara Ray's face? Justin Bieber's rumoured ex-fling shows off her VERY plumped-up lips... and fans aren't happy 'He hasn't been able to stand Tom for years': Russell Crowe 'feuding with Cruise on set of new film The Mummy over the star's treatment of ex Nicole Kidman' PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Angelina Jolie hits the slopes with her kids during Colorado ski trip... as she enjoys NYE getaway in wake of Brad Pitt split  Luann de Lesseps and Tom D'Agastino head to the Bahamas for honeymoon after the Real Housewives star and her 'cheater' husband bid farewell to their friends at lunch So what DID happen the night George Michael died? Tweets about suicide, rumours of drug abuse and the boyfriend who now says he spent the night sleeping in his car Doutzen Kroes displays model figure in cropped top and tiny shorts while hitting beach in Miami with family Vacation time! Her new BFF! Kendall Jenner cuddles sweet new dog while getting in spot of shopping with Hailey Baldwin The 21-year-old is a catwalk queen Lea Michele lays her naked ambition bare as she poses for racy New Year snap Celebrated the new year by stripping down for a racy Instagram photo Buxom Daisy Lowe channels a Fifties pin-up girl as she covers-up sexy bikini with plunging white sundress after day of frolicking on Miami beach Taking a gamble on love? Jennifer Lopez and Drake hit high-roller tables in Vegas together after she supports him at NYE gig High-stakes date Camera queen Kate snaps up an honour: Duchess is commended by the Royal Photographic Society for her images (and here's some of her best work)  Maksim Chmerkovskiy posts photo of pregnant fiancee Peta Murgatroyd touching up makeup in hospital gown as she prepares to give birth  Always looking her best Luann de Lesseps and Tom D'Agastino head to the Bahamas for honeymoon after the Real Housewives star and her husband bid farewell to their friends Izabel Goulart flaunts her supermodel figure in TINY crochet bikini as she frolics on the beach in St Barts  Cemented her Brazilian bombshell status 'I have cellulite, stretch marks and some jiggle on my belly': Former body builder who used to be 'embarrassed' by her physique reveals why she refuses to 'embrace her flaws'  Why ARE so many celebrities obsessed with showing us their rear view? Former Cosmopolitan editor questions the stars' latest trend Like Suki Waterhouse  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Wild thing Daisy Lowe wears her leopard-print bra to the beach as she cosies up to handsome mystery man on the beach in Miami Billie Lourd breaks her silence with moving tribute to mother Carrie Fisher and grandmother Debbie Reynolds Posted a picture of herself as a child Pretty Little Flier: Fresh-faced Lucy Hale jets into LAX looking radiant after hosting New Year in New Orleans Make-up free She's red hot! Gwen Stefani unveiled as new face of Revlon  'Ever since I was a young girl, I have used makeup as a form of self-expression' Coffee date! Vanessa Hudgens rocks cropped sweater and extremely tight trousers during outing with boyfriend Austin Butler Spotted on a coffee run  'Lies!' RHOA Kandi Burruss slams claims by Phaedra Parks she had a threesome with her husband and another woman Hit back Daisy Lowe shows off her kooky sense of style on holiday as she pairs a skimpy white bikini with trainers The model was in particularly high spirits Newly engaged Serena Williams flashes her ring as she steps out with her Reddit co-founder fiance Alexis Ohanian in New Zealand On cloud nine Margot Robbie stuns in a leopard print one piece as she cozies up to new husband Tom Ackerley at the beach with friends... after secretly tying the knot 'We had sex': Nick Viall's former one night stand turns up as a Bachelor contestant... but he doesn't seem to remember her  Awkward moment Love's young dream: Elle Fanning enjoys giggly lunch date with boyfriend Dylan Beck The blonde kept things casual, opting to wear a black jumpsuit 'Boy crazy!' Ellen Pompeo cradles her newborn son Eli as she dances around her kitchen Became a mom for the third time in December  In the swim! Naomi Watts enjoys the warm waters off Cancun with sons during New Year's family getaway Actress, 48, donned a turquoise swimsuit  Ciara posts cute photos of her baby bump as she rings in 2017 with her growing family Expecting her first child with American football star Russell Wilson New year, old pals! Jonah Hill and Michael Cera enjoy low-key Superbad reunion ten years on  Their friendship is still going strong 'I decided to take a risk and play it': Gisele Bundchen serenades peaceful song while playing acoustic guitar by pool in new video Singing for the camera Queen brings tragic Tetra Pak heir's clan in from the cold after appointing Hans Rausing's cousin as one of her representatives  Scandalous past 'Get your happy a**es home!': Kim Zolciak misses daughter Brielle Biermann and beau Michael Kopech as they enjoy getaway in Niagara Falls 'Private pool suits me just fine!' Ashley Graham shows off her hourglass curves in racy white swimsuit as she takes a drop in the Seychelles 'It's not a set thing': Ben Affleck won't direct his Batman standalone if it doesn't come together to his liking Behind and in front of the camera? The look of love! Margot Robbie beams as she arrives back in LA with new husband Tom Ackerley... after tying the knot in secret ceremony in Australia 'They're perky!': Cynthia Bailey takes RHOA castmates to her breast exam... and lets them squeeze her implants Hands-on experience  Hilary Duff shows off her toned torso in a bikini as she larks around with son Luca in the Hawaii surf Held hands as they walked into the sea  Frances Bean Cobain's battle to get ex to return her late father Kurt Cobain's priceless guitar is heading for a multi-million dollar court case Covergirl prep! Victoria's Secret model Shanina Shaik takes to social media in a face mask shortly before her latest Cosmopolitan cover is announced UK X Factor runner-up Rebecca Ferguson 'graciously accepts' invitation to sing at Trump's inauguration... if she can perform track protesting racism Slapped and screamed at by directors, pestered for sex by co-stars and a victim of Tony Curtis's vile gossip: How DEBBIE REYNOLDS was abused in Hollywood   'Stand strong and move forward!' Nicole Scherzinger flaunts her phenomenal bikini body as she shares her New Year's resolve from Hawaii Sparkling New Year for Ab Fab star's daughter: Actress Beattie Edmondson announces her engagement  She's the daughter of Jennifer Saunders Now that's one way to RING in the New Year! Ashley Greene stuns in a black dress and flaunts her engagement bling as she celebrates 2017 in Sydney with new fiancé Making resolutions! Rob Kardashian works up a sweat on a two-hour trek with Blac Chyna... days after health scare left him hospitalized Newly single Bella Thorne enjoys NYE smooch with model pal Kyra Santoro as she rings in 2017 with her girlfriends in the Bahamas Hilary Duff parades her toned pins in skimpy bikini bottoms as she tries her hand at surfing during New Year's break to Hawaii Surf lesson 'Bad and boujee!' Larsa Pippen showcases her enviable figure in revealing bikini aboard river cruise  Posed for another skimpy swimsuit shot  Rich Kids of Instagram's Lana Scolaro loses her bikini top as she enjoys break  in St Barts... after shooting to fame with THAT Robin Thicke snap Living it up! Jamie Foxx welcomes the new year with a boy's night in Miami Hit 1 Hotel in the South Beach neighbourhood Sara Sampaio flaunts her trim figure and pert posterior in pretty print swimsuit as she enjoys a sunbathing session on Mexican holiday Basking in the sunshine 'He really wanted to be in the movie': Robin Williams was turned down for iconic Hagrid role in Harry Potter franchise because he wasn't British Katie Couric reunites with Matt Lauer on Today as she returns to host the morning show for the first time in a decade Reclaiming her seat Mariah Carey kisses Bryan Tanaka in preview clip of reality show after he pops out of cake and gives lap dance Sneak peek of her show  'The best way to start 2017': Jessica Alba soaks up the sun in a bikini as she and her daughters celebrate the New Year on Hawaiian beach Eva Amurri Martino reveals baby son suffered a cracked skull after a night nurse dropped him... and admits she's now battling depression  '1st selfie of the new year!' Ciara shares a picture of her growing bump as she supports her man at NFL game She's shaping up to have a memorable  'Bodies of every size': Lena Dunham bares cleavage in lingerie for New Year's Day photo-shoot Sending a message with racy shot They tied the knot! UnREAL cco-stars Johanna Braddy and Freddie Stroma start 2017 as newlyweds They had been dating since meeting in 2015 'Sad when bae leaves': Ariel Winter, 18, pouts over absent Levi Meaden,29... after ringing in New Year with a kiss Sulky Snapchat 'Counting my blessings': Karlie Kloss winks as she shows off her famous figure in black bikini in St Barts Showing off her model body Georgia May Jagger rocks wild leopard print lingerie and sparkling bling as she writhes around in bed for LOVE's Video Advent 'The loneliness became desperate': Kate Bush describes 'cruel' bullying during her teenage years at Catholic girls' school in newly resurfaced essay Dick Clark Productions slams Mariah Carey's accusations of sabotage as 'frankly absurd' after diva's epic lip syncing meltdown she blamed on faulty earpiece  James Corden's stunning wife Julia Carey shows him up with her incredible beach body as they enjoy Barbados sun on festive family jaunt 'Happiest New Year!' Bella Hadid shares selfie blowing on party horn as she rings in 2017 with Kendall Jenner and Jordyn Woods Knows how to have fun 'I love my man!' Jessica Simpson shares sultry couple shot with husband Eric Johnson Welcoming 2017 on the united front  'Partner in life!' Rachel Zoe and Rodger Berman share NYE kiss as they celebrate 25 years together Midnight smooch Chip off the old block! Brooklyn Beckham theatrically dives from boat as holiday break in Maldives continues Inspired by some dives from his father? Stella McCartney covers up in a floaty kaftan as she enjoys romantic beach stroll with husband Alasdhair Willis in St Barts Bod Jovi! Shirtless Jon Bon Jovi, 54, shows off his impressive physique as he goes for a dip in St Barths It seems he has looked good, always 'This is a turning point in saving elephants from extinction': Prince William salutes China's decision to shut down its ivory trade by the end of this year  Double Trouble! Tiffany Scanlon and Megan Marx strip down to their bikinis before teasing fans about the mystery location they are set to move to That's one way to ring in the New Year! Victoria's Secret stunner Bridget Malcolm flashes underboob as she poses TOPLESS on a disco ball  Andrew Garfield cheers on the Los Angeles Lakers courtside as awards season looms for Hacksaw Ridge star Sports fan Meghan the budding star: Actress poses for series of publicity photos after landing a role in daytime TV show 13 years before she met Prince Harry  It's all about the bling! Jennifer Lopez wears Drake's necklace as she supports him at his NYE Vegas show The 47-year-old was spotted in a nightclub Trying to impress? Ansel Elgort enjoys a shirtless workout... as girlfriend Violetta Komyshan looks on Actor was productive in South Beach in Miami Former NFL star Kordell Stewart sends his ex Porsha Williams a cease and desist letter after nude video of him is leaked on internet Is she trashing him? I'm pregnant! Lauren Conrad reveals baby news with sweet sonogram picture on New Year's Day  This will be the star's first child Rise and shine! Bikini girl Hilary Duff embraces the new year with surf lesson in Hawaii While many around the world were nursing a hangover Party time! Kendall Jenner steps out in black negligee while Hailey Baldwin stuns in white mini dress as the pals celebrate New Year's Eve in Hollywood Shirtless Jake Gyllenhaal flaunts hunky physique as he joins bikini-clad pal Greta Caruso in exquisite waters during St. Barths break Tired of the beach? Covered up Ashley Olsen, 30, caresses shirtless beau Richard Sachs, 58, during trail hike in St. Barts Enjoying the sun Twice as nice! Models Doutzen Kroes and Joan Smalls put on a bikini display as they meet up on Miami Beach Spent New Year's Day relaxing on the beach  Hard day's twerk! Bella Thorne dances on the back of a truck in the Bahamas She was joined by her sister Dani and a group of her friends  'His love has been life changing': The Veronicas' Lisa Origliasso reveals she's engaged to boyfriend Logan Hoffman and shows off her ring Expat A-list! Daniel MacPherson and Zoe Ventoura party with the Hemsworth brothers and Miley Cyrus on NYE at gold-themed bash What a welcome to 2017 Rosie O'Donnell calls Trump 'mentally unstable' on Twitter and warns America that there are 'less than three weeks to stop him' Strong statement 'I wish everyone this kind of love!' Kelly Clarkson plants a kiss on son Remington for New Year's greeting He is just eight months old  Louis Tomlinson's ex Briana Jungwirth coos over their giggling son Freddie in old family videos... as she reveals that their baby has taken his first steps Justin Bieber rings in 2017 with medley of hits during poolside performance at historic Fontainebleau Miami Beach Wowed the crowd  Sheer New Year! Bella Hadid reveals underwear in see-through outfit as she dares to bare to usher in 2017 in Hollywood 'Feliz Año!' Shakira embraces her partner Gerard Piqué and sons as she posts a festive New Year's message to her fans on Instagram  Adorable family  'One of the most eventful and exciting years of my life': Ivanka Trump celebrates New Year in Hawaii as the rest of the clan party with Stallone  Bradley Cooper heads out for healthy jog in LA while 'pregnant' girlfriend Irina Shayk spends New Year in her native Russia Could soon be a father  Rogue One takes $64M over New Year weekend to become the US's second highest grossing film of 2016... as Disney sweeps year-end top three 'How we started 2017!' Proud David Beckham shares sweet snap of his family from glamorous beach party in the Maldives... as the stars ring in 2017  Well that's one way to worship the sun! Lady Victoria Hervey looks radiant in a vibrant floral maxi dress as she offers her palms to the sky in Barbados Million Dollar Listings star Ryan Serhant shares cheeky snap of wife skinny dipping on lavish belated honeymoon  In Bora Bora What a Dream day! Blac Chyna begins new year with Rob Kardashian and daughter after dramatic split Easy family day together Jon plus four! Gosselin sees in 2017 with half of his famous brood The 39-year-old star of Jon and Kate Plus 8 grinned as he held out a selfie stick 'I'm going to break a leg for sure!' Sophie Monk shares a video of beginners skiing lesson as she takes to the slopes for the first time  Australian model Ripped! Laura Dundovic flaunts her incredible abs as she poses in a skimpy bikini on the beach after becoming a personal trainer 'My life changed forever!' Coco Austin shares snap of the moment she met Ice-T 16 years ago as they celebrate wedding anniversary at NYE bash 'Wonder if I will be cold?' Kate Hudson braves a snowy NYE in Aspen in nothing but lingerie as she parties hard with pal Chelsea Handler Naomi Campbell, 46, shows off her incredibly ageless physique in barely-there bikini as she rings in 2017 with blissful beach break Looked incredible  Bachelor's Megan Marx calls girlfriend Tiffany Scanlon her 'biggest accomplishment' of 2016  Renowned reality pair  Bitter Lemon? CNN anchor Don Lemon has his microphone cut as he starts to talk about how 2016 was 'awful' after drinking tequila in live New Year broadcast  'I don't hold back': Supermodel Jess Hart reveals the trick she uses to stay in shape while still eating the food she loves... and that includes burgers Revealed: Jennifer Lopez quietly turned up to support her new beau Drake at his NYE show in Las Vegas She was spotted in a VIP booth Jake Gyllenhaal maintains his toned physique with a New Year's Eve run while on holiday in St. Barts  On a well deserved vacation Blake Lively enjoys low-key New Year's Eve with her Sisterhood Of The Traveling Pants BFF Amber Tamblyn Actresses have been besties since 2005 hit  'Catwoman' Jocelyn Wildenstein's ex-boyfriend sees off 2016 by frolicking on the beach with transgender model Lauren Foster In Miami  Ashley Graham whips off her bikini to pose topless while enjoying sunshine holiday Marked the first day of 2017 with a revealing selfie A dip in the (Car)pool! Doting daddy James Corden larks around with son Max on Barbados shore during idyllic New Year getaway Put on a sweet display 'Back with beautiful Bindi': Chandler Powell posts tribute to his girlfriend Bindi Irwin as he returns to Australia to be with her after pair spend time apart Princess Mary rings in the new year dressed in a gold gown and deep purple cape for annual banquet Was joined Crown Prince Frederik  'Mariah Carey just summed up 2016!' Diva botches New Year's Eve lip-sync performance and STORMS OFF Times Square stage while crying into the mic George Michael's lover Fadi Fawaz reveals the singer died alone after he slept in his car and denies posting tweets saying the star had tried to kill himself  'Who needs to drop the ball when Mariah already covered it?' Twitter mercilessly trashes diva for her epic New Year's Eve meltdown  'I believe I can fly': Justin Theroux posts hilarious video of himself crash landing after ski jump He knows how to garner a few laughs too Norman Cook returns home from NYE gig in Italy after a lonely Christmas following split from Zoe Ball... while she celebrates six months of sobriety Making a splash! Eagerly anticipated DC Comics Aquaman superhero flick starring Jason Momoa and Amber Heard will start filming in May James Packer's ex Erica Packer looks glam as she enjoys family holiday in St Barts... while another 'ex' Seal hits the ski slopes with Heidi Klum 'I've felt better': Louis Tomlinson welcomes 2017 with a hungover selfie as he prepares for a new year after his mother's tragic passing The One Direction star Jeremy Clarkson's VERY racy party girls: Grand Tour star is pictured with a host of society's most eligible women at New Year's Eve party  The 4 things that I love the most': Madonna spends New Year with son Rocco Ritchie and his siblings as they ring in 2017 together with family ski trip  The Queen is feeling 'better', says Princess Anne as royals attend Sandringham church service without her on New Year's Day in rural England  It's New Year's Eve somewhere! 5 Seconds of Summer's Ashton Irwin looks a little worse for wear as he parties until 8am in the morning Still going for it  She's smitten! Britney Spears shares cuddly snap after celebrating New Year with new love Sam Asghari Britney and her new guy are inseparable Fifty Shades Darker teases more steamy sex scenes with new TV ad Fans got a peek at the upcoming Fifty Shades Darker movie  'Her tongue freaks me out!' Jessica Simpson's BFF CaCee Cobb posts silly selfie while celebrating New Year's Eve Frequently sticks it out  'Toddler headbutt!': Jason Biggs starts the New Year with a black eye from two-year-old son Sid Enjoyed his first day of 2017 with a large shiner  'Hello 2017': Ed Sheeran promises new music in five days' time... as he appears on social media for the first time in 57 weeks Exciting comeback  The dry January drinks that are actually DELICIOUS: Wine expert HELEN MCGINN recommends the best teetotal tipples you can try at home That's one passionate midnight kiss! Miley Cyrus shares her New Year's cinch with fiancé Liam Hemsworth as they attend New Year's Eve party Real love: Housewives' star Luann de Lesseps marries Tom D'Agostino in Palm Beach ceremony after banning Bravo from filming the event Blac Chyna and Rob Kardashian put on a united front as they celebrate New Year's Eve together... as she puts her engagement ring back on Gerard Depardieu displays his portly frame as he strips off his shirt during a hot and sweaty rehearsal for his stage show in Buenos Aires Hot under the collar  Sherlock's Amanda Abbington admits it was 'weird' revisiting parenting onscreen with now ex-partner Martin Freeman... ahead of series return '2017 here we go!' Joanna Krupa gets cheeky with a pretty pal as they ring in the New Year in their bikinis Couldn't keep their hands off each other He's the man who told us that Trump would triumph - now look what Mystic Morgan predicts for Meghan (not to mention other surprises that might come in 2017) Having an auld lang fine time! Gwen Stefani locks lips with Blake Shelton as they enjoy family New Year's Eve Everyone wanted a kiss at midnight  Victoria Beckham joins Mel C on stage to sing their hit tune 2 Become 1 as the ex bandmates ring in 2017 with in the Maldives with their friends and families 'Don't get blood on the jacket!' 'Drunk Don Lemon' gets his ear pierced live on air during NYE show Displayed a full array of antics  Family meal-a! Mila Kunis stocks up on food with hubby Ashton Kutcher and newborn son Dimitri ahead of NYE Ringing in the new year with a family meal Fergie and Hailee Steinfield flash the flesh in skin flaunting ensembles as they ring in 2017 in style on Dick Clark's New Year's Rockin' Eve Beautiful front and back! Ashley Graham posts rear view topless bikini pic as she enjoys tropical getaway Seeing in 2017 in The Seychelles  Nicki Minaj shows off her ample assets in plunging silver jumpsuit as she rings in 2017 with Miami gig... after replacing Jennifer Lopez at the last minute 'A blessed way to bring in 2017!' Amy Smart surprises fans as she welcomes a daughter with husband Carter Oosterhouse Incredible news  Thatkiss Neverbeen! Jennifer Lawrence reveals she has never had a New Year's Eve kiss Has never had a midnight smooch Iggy Azalea hoping for 'better vibe' in the New Year after 2016 saw ex-fiancé Nick Young cheat on her, X Factor flop, and Guy Sebastian brand her a 'weirdo' Kathy Griffin reveals large armpit sweat patches during live NYE celebration with Anderson Cooper Was it too hot for the co-host on CNN  Now that's a Happy New Year! Khloe Kardashian kisses Tristan Thompson as they ring in 2017 together Sealed with a smooch 'One for the mommies tonight': Mums go into meltdown as Tom Hardy reads the bedtime story on the BBC's children's channel on New Year's Eve Such a cheeky boy! Usher posts photo of 'bonita' wife Grace's bottom as they welcome the New Year in a hot tub Looks like his party is just peachy  Nicole Kidman's surprise 'happy' dance at Keith Urban's NYE show in Nashville thrills fans... but leaves some asking if she's had a bit too much to drink 'Happy New Year!' Pink delights in her newborn baby while Gisele Bundchen prances on the beach as the stars welcome 2017 Stares are celebrating Engaged! TV producer Greg Berlanti and LA Galaxy winger Robbie Rogers announce plans to wed Exciting news to end the year  M*A*S*H star William Christopher dies of cancer at age 84 The storied actor is known for playing Father Mulcahy on the 70s hit show  From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. A familiar old friend that could be the perfect starter phone: Dailymail.com's verdict on the iPhone SE The new iPhone SE has a 4inch screen and familiar design - but has had a huge upgrade on the inside, making this a perfect first time iPhone. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The iPad grows up: Apple's iPad Pro The iPad Pro is, for many, a real laptop replacement - and a way to combine work and play in a gadget that will last all day and won't break your back to carry. 'A glimpse into the future of the living room': The new Apple TV Apple says apps are the future of TV, and while its new $149 box does have some issues, its combination of streaming services, games and other apps make it the best way to make your TV smart. The end of wonky wifi: Google's OnHub It's incredibly simple to set up, and we found it tripled the speed of our home wifi connection - but at $199 is expensive.. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story Are you CLEVER enough to answer Oxford University's entry questions? Prestigious institution reveals just what it takes to study there 859 comments 1 video SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Skip to: Start of article Visually Open Nav. Go to Wired Home Page. The Most Innovative Objects of 2016 (That You'll Actually Want to use) subscribe Open Search Field. Search Business culture Design Gear Science Security transportation photo video Photo Video Magazine WIRED INSIDER Roadmap to 2020 Fallback Image Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 10 hours 7 "last mile" transportation solutions to get you from your office to the subway wrd.cm/2hEH1bg Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Advertisement. Skip Article Header. Skip to: Start of Article. Author: Liz Stinson. Liz Stinson Design Date of Publication: 12.28.16. 12.28.16 Time of Publication: 7:00 am. 7:00 am The Most Innovative Objects of 2016 (That You’ll Actually Want to use) Innovation in product design is all about balance. Push too hard and you’ll alienate people. Play it safe, and you risk being outmaneuvered by your competitors. The items in this list, all of which debuted this year, reside in that perfect little Goldilocks Zone of product design; not too cautious, but not too crazy, either, these designs get forward-thinking just right. 01 Nike HyperAdapt 1.0 Nike spent 28 years developing the HyperAdapt 1.0, its self-lacing, Back to The Future-inspired shoe, and it’s a serious feat of engineering. The shoe is stuffed with advanced technology, but you wouldn’t know that from looking at it. A lace engine in the sole attaches to proprietary Flyknit filaments, which surround the foot. When the wearer steps into the shoe, a sensor alerts the engine, which cinches the filaments around the foot in search of the perfect fit. The result is perfectly tightened set of laces that you never have to touch. Credit: Nike Nike spent 28 years developing the HyperAdapt 1.0, its self-lacing, Back to The Future-inspired shoe, and it’s a serious feat of engineering. The shoe is stuffed with advanced technology, but you wouldn’t know that from looking at it. A lace engine in the sole attaches to proprietary Flyknit filaments, which surround the foot. When the wearer steps into the shoe, a sensor alerts the engine, which cinches the filaments around the foot in search of the perfect fit. The result is perfectly tightened set of laces that you never have to touch. 02 Xiaomi Mi Mix The most stunning phone of the year didn’t come from Apple or Google. It came from Chinese company Xiaomi, whose Mi Mix is an impressive piece of industrial design. The phone’s 6.4 inch screen extends to the edge of the phone, which gives it the appearance of a glassy infinity pool. The screen is so big, the phone is essentially bezel-less, which meant the selfie camera had to be pushed to the bottom of the phone and the fingerprint sensor to the backside. Xiaomi made similar concessions with the speakers, of which there’s only one. Sound from the phone comes from a piezoelectric actuator, which converts vibrations into sound. For now, the Mi Mix is only available in China, but don’t be surprised if similar full-screen phones start showing up in the US. Credit: XIAOMI The most stunning phone of the year didn’t come from Apple or Google. It came from Chinese company Xiaomi, whose Mi Mix is an impressive piece of industrial design. The phone’s 6.4 inch screen extends to the edge of the phone, which gives it the appearance of a glassy infinity pool. The screen is so big, the phone is essentially bezel-less, which meant the selfie camera had to be pushed to the bottom of the phone and the fingerprint sensor to the backside. Xiaomi made similar concessions with the speakers, of which there’s only one. Sound from the phone comes from a piezoelectric actuator, which converts vibrations into sound. For now, the Mi Mix is only available in China, but don’t be surprised if similar full-screen phones start showing up in the US. 03 Autodesk's Elbo Chair Autodesk’s Elbo Chair is the result of an uncommon partnership. Designers in the company’s generative design lab harnessed the power of algorithms to make the organic wooden seat.  To start, the designers fed a 3-D model of a chair inspired by Hans Wegner’s iconic Round Chair and Berkeley Mills’ Lambda Chair into Dreamweaver, Autodesk’s generative design software. Next, they stipulated that the seat be 18 inches off the ground and capable of supporting 300 pounds. Then they let the algorithm do its thing. Every so often, the humans would pick one of the algorithm’s designs, and the software would propagate a new lineage based on their selection. The result was the chair you see here—a skeletal creation that points toward a future in which designers collaborate with algorithms on new ideas. Credit: Autodesk Autodesk’s Elbo Chair is the result of an uncommon partnership. Designers in the company’s generative design lab harnessed the power of algorithms to make the organic wooden seat.  To start, the designers fed a 3-D model of a chair inspired by Hans Wegner’s iconic Round Chair and Berkeley Mills’ Lambda Chair into Dreamweaver, Autodesk’s generative design software. Next, they stipulated that the seat be 18 inches off the ground and capable of supporting 300 pounds. Then they let the algorithm do its thing. Every so often, the humans would pick one of the algorithm’s designs, and the software would propagate a new lineage based on their selection. The result was the chair you see here—a skeletal creation that points toward a future in which designers collaborate with algorithms on new ideas. 04 Apple iPhone 7 At first glance, the iPhone 7 isn’t all that different from the 6 and 6s. It’s blacker, sure, but it still has those softly rounded corners and that big, glassy screen. What distinguishes the iPhone 7 is what it’s missing. The phone is the first without a headphone jack, which means you’re either buying dongles for your existing cans or upgrading to a wireless pair. Whether you love it or hate it doesn’t matter—if other companies follow Apple’s lead (and they probably will), the company will have set yet another precedent for how you’ll interact with gadgets in the future. Credit: Apple At first glance, the iPhone 7 isn’t all that different from the 6 and 6s. It’s blacker, sure, but it still has those softly rounded corners and that big, glassy screen. What distinguishes the iPhone 7 is what it’s missing. The phone is the first without a headphone jack, which means you’re either buying dongles for your existing cans or upgrading to a wireless pair. Whether you love it or hate it doesn’t matter—if other companies follow Apple’s lead (and they probably will), the company will have set yet another precedent for how you’ll interact with gadgets in the future. 05 Impossible Project I-1 The Impossible Project’s first camera, the I-1, is both an homage to the past and nod to the future. The Berlin-based company, which has been making instant film since 2008, worked with Swedish studio Teenage Engineering to blend the best design elements of old Polaroid cameras with modern trappings. The camera’s form is still boxy, like the original, but it’s also more compact. Clever technological touches, like the LED-ring flash and a Bluetooth-connected app, help you dial in on that vintage look. Credit: Impossible Project The Impossible Project’s first camera, the I-1, is both an homage to the past and nod to the future. The Berlin-based company, which has been making instant film since 2008, worked with Swedish studio Teenage Engineering to blend the best design elements of old Polaroid cameras with modern trappings. The camera’s form is still boxy, like the original, but it’s also more compact. Clever technological touches, like the LED-ring flash and a Bluetooth-connected app, help you dial in on that vintage look. 06 The FADE Task Lamp The designers at San Francisco studio Box Clever wanted to create something with the versatility of a spring-balanced lamp in a dramatically simpler package. Two years, one spinoff studio, and untold hours of prototyping later, they released the stunning FADE Task Light. Hidden magnets let the arm articulate smoothly when you want it to, and keep it in place when you don’t. That versatility extends even to the lamp’s base, where an X-Y controller lets you control the temperature and intensity of the light emanating from the lamp’s LED array. It’s a whole lot of light in a deceptively simple package. Credit: Josh Valcarcel/WIRED The designers at San Francisco studio Box Clever wanted to create something with the versatility of a spring-balanced lamp in a dramatically simpler package. Two years, one spinoff studio, and untold hours of prototyping later, they released the stunning FADE Task Light. Hidden magnets let the arm articulate smoothly when you want it to, and keep it in place when you don’t. That versatility extends even to the lamp’s base, where an X-Y controller lets you control the temperature and intensity of the light emanating from the lamp’s LED array. It’s a whole lot of light in a deceptively simple package. 07 Withings Thermo Most thermometers are invasive. They require being stuck into an orifice, whether that’s your mouth, ear, or…something else. Withings’ new Thermo, which looks like a chunky marker, utilizes an entirely different gesture. Touch the Thermo to your temple and 16 infrared sensors in its tip collect around 4,000 temperature readings in two seconds. Because the temperature readings work best when the sensors are two centimeters from the heat source, Withings added a raised edge to the end of the thermometer. This means users will always position the Thermo just right— even when they’re delirious from a fever. Credit: Withings Most thermometers are invasive. They require being stuck into an orifice, whether that’s your mouth, ear, or…something else. Withings’ new Thermo, which looks like a chunky marker, utilizes an entirely different gesture. Touch the Thermo to your temple and 16 infrared sensors in its tip collect around 4,000 temperature readings in two seconds. Because the temperature readings work best when the sensors are two centimeters from the heat source, Withings added a raised edge to the end of the thermometer. This means users will always position the Thermo just right— even when they’re delirious from a fever. 08 PlayStation VR Headset Compared to the understated aesthetics of the Oculus Rift and HTC Vive, the PlayStation VR looks decidedly futuristic. But its killer feature (besides plugging into a game console that 40 million people already own) isn’t its looks; it’s comfort. That’s in spite of its heft. At 624 grams, it’s significantly heavier than the Rift (495 grams) and Vive (555 grams), but PSVR’s designers shifted the headset’s pressure points from the nose, cheeks, and eyes to a padded band that rests against the forehead. They also uncoupled the headset’s eyebox from the headband, allowing users to dial in the perfect fit. The result is the most comfortable high-end VR headset on the market. Credit: Sony Compared to the understated aesthetics of the Oculus Rift and HTC Vive, the PlayStation VR looks decidedly futuristic. But its killer feature (besides plugging into a game console that 40 million people already own) isn’t its looks; it’s comfort. That’s in spite of its heft. At 624 grams, it’s significantly heavier than the Rift (495 grams) and Vive (555 grams), but PSVR’s designers shifted the headset’s pressure points from the nose, cheeks, and eyes to a padded band that rests against the forehead. They also uncoupled the headset’s eyebox from the headband, allowing users to dial in the perfect fit. The result is the most comfortable high-end VR headset on the market. 09 Pax 3 Aesthetically speaking, the Pax 3 bears a close resemblance to the two generations of vaporizers that preceded it—but its guts were redesigned to make the toking experience easier and more enjoyable. With the press of a button, it heats up in 10-15 seconds. Shake it, and the LEDs display how much battery is left. It accepts both concentrates and dry herb, and even pairs wirelessly to an app to give you precise control over settings like temperature. Low-key tokers will appreciate the new haptic feedback; the Pax now pulses in your hand when it’s ready, so you can keep it out of sight till you’re ready to smoke. Credit: PAX Aesthetically speaking, the Pax 3 bears a close resemblance to the two generations of vaporizers that preceded it—but its guts were redesigned to make the toking experience easier and more enjoyable. With the press of a button, it heats up in 10-15 seconds. Shake it, and the LEDs display how much battery is left. It accepts both concentrates and dry herb, and even pairs wirelessly to an app to give you precise control over settings like temperature. Low-key tokers will appreciate the new haptic feedback; the Pax now pulses in your hand when it’s ready, so you can keep it out of sight till you’re ready to smoke. 10 Dyson's Cu-Beam Duo Your office’s lighting probably sucks. Often it’s a too-bright, one-size-fits-all overhead solution. Jake Dyson (son of James Dyson) has a better way. He’s calling it the Cu-Beam Duo, an LED fixture that suspends from the ceiling and directs customizable parcels of light where and how you need it. The crux of the system is its driver, which lets you adjust the ratio of light beaming upwards and downwards. Dyson is betting, like his father did before him with vacuums, hand dryers, and hair dryers, that a hyper-sophisticated version of an everyday object will be worth the premium you pay for it. Credit: Dyson Your office’s lighting probably sucks. Often it’s a too-bright, one-size-fits-all overhead solution. Jake Dyson (son of James Dyson) has a better way. He’s calling it the Cu-Beam Duo, an LED fixture that suspends from the ceiling and directs customizable parcels of light where and how you need it. The crux of the system is its driver, which lets you adjust the ratio of light beaming upwards and downwards. Dyson is betting, like his father did before him with vacuums, hand dryers, and hair dryers, that a hyper-sophisticated version of an everyday object will be worth the premium you pay for it. 11 Microsoft Surface Studio Microsoft’s Surface Studio isn’t for everyone; the $3,000 desktop computer is aimed squarely at the creative set. With its massive 28-inch monitor and a hinge system that allows the display to become a tabletop touch-screen, it’s easy to see why: The Surface Studio is more interactive drafting table than it is computer, and proof that Microsoft is thinking seriously about what the future of desktop computing should look like. Credit: Microsoft Microsoft’s Surface Studio isn’t for everyone; the $3,000 desktop computer is aimed squarely at the creative set. With its massive 28-inch monitor and a hinge system that allows the display to become a tabletop touch-screen, it’s easy to see why: The Surface Studio is more interactive drafting table than it is computer, and proof that Microsoft is thinking seriously about what the future of desktop computing should look like. 12 Oculus Touch The new Oculus Touch controllers make VR more immersive than ever. Capacitive sensors track which fingers are on the Touch and translate their positions into in-game hand gestures. It’s the closest anyone’s come to reproducing a player’s hands in VR, and a sign of the steps designers are taking to make virtual reality feel ever-more real. Credit: Oculus The new Oculus Touch controllers make VR more immersive than ever. Capacitive sensors track which fingers are on the Touch and translate their positions into in-game hand gestures. It’s the closest anyone’s come to reproducing a player’s hands in VR, and a sign of the steps designers are taking to make virtual reality feel ever-more real. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. Industrial Design Product Design Skip Comments. Skip to: Footer. View comments Sponsored Stories Powered By Outbrain Powered By Outbrain More Design books 19 Ingenious Design Books to Inspire You in 2017 2 days Architecture 25 Masterpieces That Prove 2016 Was an Incredible Year for Architecture 12.30.16 Obsessions Explore a Giant Underwater Installation Off the California Coast 12.07.16 User Interfaces The Best User Interface Upgrades of 2016 12.26.16 Branding From Instagram to Budweiser, These Are the Year’s Most Notable New Logos 12.24.16 aviation Coming Innovations That Will Make Flying Economy (Mostly) Better 14 hours We Recommend Powered By Outbrain Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 10 hours 7 "last mile" transportation solutions to get you from your office to the subway wrd.cm/2hEH1bg Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 10 hours 7 "last mile" transportation solutions to get you from your office to the subway wrd.cm/2hEH1bg Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Here’s The Thing With Ad Blockers We get it: Ads aren’t what you’re here for. But ads help us keep the lights on. So, add us to your ad blocker’s whitelist or pay $1 per week for an ad-free version of WIRED. Either way, you are supporting our journalism. We’d really appreciate it. Sign Up Already a member? Log in Thank You All of us at WIRED appreciate your support! Continue Wired Facebook Wired Twitter Wired Pinterest Wired Youtube Wired Tumblr Wired Instagram Login Subscribe Advertise Site Map Press Center FAQ Customer Care Contact Us T-Shirt Collection Newsletter Wired Staff Jobs RSS Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement (effective 3/21/12) and privacy policy (effective 3/21/12). Affiliate link policy. Your California privacy rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
Share 5 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-01-02 ‘The Affair’ Season 3 On Showtime Recap, Which Character Is The Most Messed Up? [Spoilers] Entertainment 2017-01-02 Maddie Ziegler YouTube Channel Launched: ‘Dance Moms’ Star Says ‘It’s Gonna Be Really, Really Fun’ Entertainment 2017-01-01 Netflix News: What’s Leaving In January Entertainment 2017-01-01 Whose New Year’s Eve Meltdown Was More Entertaining, Don Lemon or Mariah Carey? News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2017-01-02 David Puckett Missing: Amber Alert Issued For 6-Year-Old Colorado Boy Who Vanished On New Year’s Eve News 2017-01-02 Death By Selfie: Indian Student Killed In Front Of Oncoming Train, ‘Killfies’ Skyrocket Worldwide News 2017-01-02 Poll: Most Americans Don’t Think Donald Trump Can Prevent Scandal In His Administration News 2017-01-02 Oklahoma Earthquakes: Series Of Small Earthquakes Rattle Oklahoma Residents Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Football 2017-01-02 College Football: Malik Hooker Says Goodbye To Ohio State, Entering NFL Draft Football 2017-01-02 The Chicago Bears Should Target These Three Players In The Offseason Wrestling 2017-01-02 WWE News: Alberto Del Rio Arrested After Fight In Austria Wrestling 2017-01-02 ‘WWE Raw’ Results: Goldberg On First-Ever ‘Kevin Owens Show’ & Reigns Vs. Jericho For US Title [Live Updates] Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-01-01 New Year’s Resolutions You Can Actually Keep Lifestyle 2017-01-01 New Year’s Resolution Tips: Experts Tell How To Pick And Stick To Your Resolutions In 2017 Lifestyle 2016-12-31 New Year’s Resolution: 7 Things You Must Add To Your List Lifestyle 2016-12-30 Anything Open New Year’s Eve & New Year’s Day? Holiday Hours For Stores, Restaurants, Banks, Post Office As We Ring In 2017 Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-01-02 Over 700 U.S. Hospitals Penalized For ‘Superbug’ Infections And Patient Injuries: Is Your Hospital On The List? Health 2017-01-01 FDA Warns Pregnant Women Of High Rate Of False Positives For Zika Test: Less Than Half Of Positive ZIKV Detect Test Samples Actually Had Zika Health 2017-01-01 New Form Of Medical Marijuana Helps Treat Kids With Epilepsy Health 2016-12-31 What Is Intersex? Inside The Medical Condition That Is As Common As Red Hair Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2017-01-02 ‘Tom Clancy’s The Division’ 1.6 Update: Review Of Last Stand Datamine Leak Reveals PvP Control Points, Dark Zone Gameplay Events, And Leaderboard Checkpoints [Rumors] Gaming 2017-01-02 ‘The Celebrity Apprentice’ 2017 Spoilers: Which Contestants Are Rumored To Go Far In The New Season With Arnold Schwarzenegger? Gaming 2017-01-02 For ‘Destiny 2,’ Bungie Focuses On Improving Storytelling Gaming 2017-01-01 ‘Marvel Vs. Capcom Infinite’: Mega Man X Huge Part Of Cinematic Story Mode, Developers Reveal BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-01-02 Hoax? Blake Messick Claimed He Hacked Neighbor’s Unsecured Wireless Printer – Printed 10 Words, Got New Free Printer BuzzWorthy 2017-01-02 IPhone Case Looks Like A Gun – Brings Warning To Public From Police [Photo] BuzzWorthy 2017-01-02 Mom Donates 18.5 Gallons Of Breastmilk Following Her Newborn’s Death, Claims Pumping Helped Her Heal BuzzWorthy 2017-01-02 Japanese Boy Band SMAP Quietly Disbands: Decision Not Unanimous, Indicates Agency Of Popular J-Pop Band That Was Together Since 1988 SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Samsung Galaxy S8 Leak: New Voice Assistant Is A Secret Weapon Against Apple’s Siri? Mobile 5 0 0 December 28, 2016 Samsung Galaxy S8 Leak: New Voice Assistant Is A Secret Weapon Against Apple’s Siri? Or Goren Samsung’s Galaxy S8 has a tough job ahead of its rumored April, 2017 release date. Not only will it come after the Samsung Note 7 disaster, it will also have to compete against Apple and Google’s flagship devices – the iPhone 7 and the Google Pixel. A new Samsung Galaxy S8 leak suggests the war will not be fought over technical specifications alone – instead, the Galaxy S8 will challenge its rivals’ Artificial Intelligence (AI) voice helpers – Apple’s Siri and the Google Assistant, with help from non other than some of the creators of the original Siri. Samsung’s Galaxy devices have had built in voice assistants for a long time. In fact, they’ve had two – with Google’s assistant being an integral part of every Android device, and Samsung’s own S Voice prominently featured on Samsung’s devices. For the Galaxy S8, however, Samsung are taking it a step further, with a new AI voice assistant, reportedly called “Bixby”. According to the leak published by SamMobile, the Samsung Galaxy S8’s voice assistant will work across all of Samsung’s native apps that come pre-installed on the phone, such as the Gallery app, S Health and S Planner (Samsung’s own calendar app). The new voice assistant will not only be able to run those apps for you, but execute your commands in chain and in context. So, for example, you could ask the calendar app to show you a free appointment slot next week, and then subsequently ask it to set an appointment with a contact on that same slot. [Image by Antonio Guillem/Shutterstock] In addition, Samsung says you won’t need to use separate apps for different commands, but instead, the AI voice assistant will take care of things from above. So, for example, ordering a Pizza and ordering a cab will both be done through the new voice interface, instead of running two separate apps. The new Samsung Galaxy S8 voice assistant will use AI technology from a company Samsung bought only a few months ago – Viv. The company, as TechCrunch reported, was co-founded by the team that originally created Siri, before it was acquired by Apple in 2010. The team eventually left Apple and founded Viv in 2012, aiming to build an even more powerful voice assistant, as Dag Kittlaus, one of Viv’s founders, explains. “You are going to go from a few dozen capabilities to thousands, tens of thousands or more over the coming years. One way to think about this is that you’ve got this massive app ecosystem out there. What you’ll find in this effort is that we’re going to be slowly moving over to this post-app world.” The AI voice assistant space is quickly becoming the hottest battle among the big technology companies. Apple’s Siri has been around for a while, though to this day, some say it is yet to live up to its potential. Google Assistant is a more powerful version of Google Now, but, at least for now, can only be used fully on Google’s Pixel devices. And even Microsoft is in the game, with its own voice activated personal assistant – Cortana. When it comes to AI and digital assistance, Samsung has at least one advantage over Apple and Google: the fact that they manufacture a whole range of home and kitchen appliances, from TVs to washing machines and refrigerators. Samsung can use this advantage by creating a whole ecosphere of devices that work with the new voice assistant. Imagine telling your Samsung Galaxy S8 to turn on your Samsung washing machine, or to activate your Samsung dishwasher with your voice, and then be notified when it’s done on your Samsung Galaxy S8. [Image by Sean Gallup/Getty Images] As far as Samsung Galaxy S8’s other technical specifications, additional recent leaks have suggested it might include 8GB of RAM, a massive leap over the Galaxy S7 and the Note 7’s 4GB of RAM. In addition, several reports have claimed the Galaxy S8 will take a cue from Apple and ditch the headphone jack. As for screen size, leaks and rumors have suggested two variations of Samsung’s next flagship phone – the Samsung Galaxy S8, with a five-inch screen, and a Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus, with a huge six-inch screen. With that size, the Galaxy S8 Plus might be a complete replacement for the ill-fated Note 7 and its exploding batteries. The expected release date of the Samsung Galaxy S8 is, at the moment, April 2017. We’ll have to wait until then, to find out whether we’ll finally get that AI virtual assistant we’ve been dreaming of for years. [Featured Image by Ilya S. Savenok/Getty Images] Now Watch This: Rare Underwater Footage Captured Below Antarctic Ice Now Read This: Samsung Galaxy S8 Leak Teases Continuum Feature For Next Flagship: Android/Chrome OS Hybrid On The Way? Share 5 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Or Goren Tags: Apple Siri, Galaxy S8, Samsung Galaxy January 1, 2017 Oakland Raiders Vs. Houston Texans: Bold Predictions For 2017 AFC Wild Card Showdown January 1, 2017 Miami Dolphins Vs. Pittsburgh Steelers: Bold Predictions For 2017 AFC Wild Card Showdown Comments LATEST HEADLINES Kourtney Kardashian, Scott Disick Show Off Dance Moves Atop A Jet College Football: Malik Hooker Says Goodbye To Ohio State, Entering NFL Draft David Puckett Missing: Amber Alert Issued For 6-Year-Old Colorado Boy Who Vanished On New Year’s Eve ‘The Young And The Restless’ Spoilers: Dylan Leaves Genoa City, Sharon Left Devastated — Will She End Up Pregnant? ‘The Bachelor’ 2017 Spoilers For Episode 2: Nick Viall Heads Out On His First Dates, Awkward Moments Are Ahead Hoax? Blake Messick Claimed He Hacked Neighbor’s Unsecured Wireless Printer – Printed 10 Words, Got New Free Printer Get To Know Corinne Olympios Of ‘The Bachelor’ 2017, Her Business And More Death By Selfie: Indian Student Killed In Front Of Oncoming Train, ‘Killfies’ Skyrocket Worldwide Jinger Duggar Baby Rumors Swirl, No Official Announcement Made Yet Waffle House Waitress Loses Job After Firing Warning Shot In The Air During Robbery Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Julian Assange Has Confirmed That The U.S. Government Is Lying To The American People About Russia 34.3k 0 0 2NE1: YG Entertainment K-Pop Girl Group Confirmed To Disband, CL And Dara Re-Signed To Label As Soloists 37.5k 0 0 Win An iPhone 7 From ‘The Inquisitr’ 52 0 0 Theo James Not Engaged To Girlfriend Ruth Kearney, Shailene Woodley And ‘Underworld’ Actor Say Goodbye To ‘Divergent’ Movies 2.6k 0 0 Bernie Sanders Tells Trump ‘Keep Your Promises’, Don’t Cut Social Security Or Medicare 2.4k 0 0 Delayed Kindergarten Enrollment Dramatically Reduces ADHD In Children, Study Shows 374.7k 0 0 Recent Videos Automotive Uber Removes Self Driving Cars In San Francisco One Week After Launching Science Scientist Creates Artificial Human Skin From Algae Technology Google Will Not Make Autonomous Cars Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact News Partners Opposing Views Huffington Post Fark Buzz Feed Supported By DoubleClick Google Adsense Softlayer Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr News.
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy The Missing Debate Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments30+ The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it The Switchopinion The big takeaway for gadget nerds in 2016 The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Hayley Tsukayama December 28, 2016 Follow @htsuka FILE — Apple To Make Their London Home At Battersea Power Station In 2021 LONDON, ENGLAND — AUGUST 03: The Apple logo is displayed on the back of an iPhone on August 3, 2016 in London, England. (Photo by Carl Court/Getty Images) Let’s face it: 2016 was a fairly disappointing year for the average gadget nerd. Yes, there were some bright spots, but they were mostly glimpses of technologies that are approaching rather than ones that are changing our lives right now.  If there is a takeaway for consumers from 2016 — as we predicted at the start of the year — it’s that we appear to be in a bit of a lull when it comes to exciting pieces of technology. And while we’ve seen new gadgets come onto the scene, even the big successes this year felt more incremental than monumental.  [Consumer Electronics Show 2016: Are we in an innovation lull?] There are a few reasons for this. For one, much of the innovation in the technology world of late has been in software — the thing about apps, streaming music and streaming video is that they manage to revolutionize devices that we already have. In fact, they’re best when they don't become their own devices — otherwise, we’d all need a lot more outlets in our homes. Another is that designing hardware is, well, hard. The smartphone was an extraordinary invention that required a lot of conditions to converge and make it successful. In the years since the smartphone burst onto the scene, manufacturers have worked hard to make them thinner, lighter and more powerful — and appear to have come pretty close to hitting the upper bound of useful improvement. Fingerprint readers and curved screens bring their own advantages, but they’re hardly as revolutionary as the touch screen. That could explain why people, in general, are becoming less likely to rush out and get a brand-new device rather than just wait until their old one fades away. Our love of tech is still strong, but it's not quite as exciting. Home hubs such as Amazon’s Echo family and Google Home started to prove their worth, but they’ve hardly become a necessity — in fact, their greatest value is their promise to work with a Web of connected home devices that still haven’t proven their worth. Driverless cars have made leaps and bounds in terms of research and even some pilot programs, but they aren’t hitting your garage any time soon. Virtual reality made the biggest strides this year to hit the mainstream, but despite the rosy world painted in Samsung ads, it’s still not a “one in every house” sort of gadget.  [Exploring a new frontier this holiday shopping season: Virtual reality] The devices on which the tech industry has pinned its hopes are, in fact, ones that will take time to develop as products — and will also take time to earn consumers' trust. Tech companies have had to turn to more personalized tech, which raises all kinds of questions in consumers' minds about oversharing with their tech. Telling a Nest thermostat when you're out of the house, or confiding your shopping preferences to an Amazon Echo that keeps records of your voice may give you pause. That's hardly the kind of excitement that makes you stand in line for hours, particularly when the benefits of a fitness tracker may not outweigh your worries about how closely it's tracking your location. (Amazon chief executive Jeffrey P. Bezos is the owner of The Washington Post.) Taking a look at what’s on deck for the big CES industry show in 2017, we'll continue to see these small steps before we see giant leaps: smart home gadgets, drones, 3D printing and wearables are all being touted as the tentpoles of the industry again this year. While they’re all steadily improving and worth watching to see what is coming down the pike, none of them have managed to become as ubiquitous as the smartphone quite yet. Nor has their been a gadget — like the iPhone or the Samsung's Galaxy line — that's inspired the sort of singular devotion that we’ve seen in the past for revolutionary gadgets. Even the latest Apple rumors for the iPhone, in what will be the tenth anniversary of Apple’s smartphone, are a little lackluster. Yes, there are rumors of an all-glass, wireless charging, very sharp-screened iPhone “Ferrari” model, but there’s also the expectation that Apple will simply add it as another option alongside more incrementally updated phones — further confusing Apple’s once-sleek product line. What it seems we can expect next year are more gadgets that may not rock our worlds but can improve them. This is not necessarily a bad thing, of course. Without major stars in the constellation of gadgets, we could see prices for parts come down and turn into improvements for cheaper devices. Intriguing ideas — smart thermostats, connected door locks, etc. -- may get more competitors and give consumers more choice as it becomes cheaper to build them.  But while the pilot programs for the next big things are promising and early adopters may be happy, mainstream tech users will probably upgrade their technology in drips and drabs as it fits their budget, rather than rush out to start a tech revolution all at once. That doesn’t mean tech has stalled or stopped or collapsed. But the truth is that there may be no star gadget in 2017 — just a collection of smaller hits instead. business technology the-switch true Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 30+ Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Hayley Tsukayama covers consumer technology for The Washington Post. Follow @htsuka 34 Show Comments Discussion Policy 0 Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Get 2 months of digital access to The Washington Post for just 99¢. A limited time offer for Apple Pay users. Buy with Cancel anytime $9.99/month after the two month trial period. Sales tax may apply. By subscribing you agree to our Terms of Service, Digital Products Terms of Sale & Privacy Policy. Get 2 months of digital access to The Washington Post for just 99¢. Most Read 1 Lawsuit: Dude ranch owner asked chef for ‘black people food’ 2 With enough evidence, even skepticism will thaw 3 Yes, this is real: Michigan just banned banning plastic bags 4 D.C. area’s 2017 predictions center on tech, traffic, taxes — and, of course, Trump 5 The public is being kept in the dark about Trump’s deal with Carrier Market Watch DJIA -0.29% NASDAQ -0.9% Get quote Last Update: 01/02/2017(DJIA&NASDAQ) Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game Word Wipe Word game business technology the-switch Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
rediff.com Rediff Get Ahead News Business Movies Sports Get Ahead  rediff NewsApp  NewsApp (Free)Read news as it happens Available on   Sign in  |  Create a Rediffmail account Rediff News  All News  Rediff.com  » Getahead » Hello 2017: What new mobiles can we expect? Hello 2017: What new mobiles can we expect? December 28, 2016 12:44 IST This year saw a lot of innovations in mobile phones, and next year will be even more interesting. Apple iPhone 7s/8 We're still not sure what Apple will call the 10th iteration of its iPhone (the image above is the iPhone 7 Plus), but it is expected to persist with double cameras, no headphone jack and an improved processor and OS. The new phone is rumoured to be an all-steel and glass affair, sans the home button. The fingerprint scanner could be concealed behind the glass, while this phone could offer an iris scanner. Samsung Galaxy S8 edge/X This phone would be the South Korean giant's effort to negate the effects of the Galaxy Note 7 fiasco. Thus, all good things would be carried over from the S7 edge (image above). Some news reports say the S8 would feature an all-screen front, with no home button. It is also supposed to feature an iris scanner and USB 3.0 charging, along with support for a VR headset. The Galaxy X is supposed to feature a bendable/foldable display, it is rumoured. Both would run Android 7. Nokia's Android handsets The veteran phonemaker is supposed to make a comeback in 2017. It is rumoured that Nokia will initially come out with two versions -- one with a 5-inch screen and the other with a 5.5-inch one; blogs say the phone will be called the D1C (rumoured image above). Both variants will have full high-definition screens, it is rumoured. The smaller one will have 2GB of RAM and a 13-megapixel (MP) processor, while the larger one will have 3GB of RAM and a 16MP snapper, it is rumoured. Microsoft Surface Phone This phone has been in the making for sometime now. According to winbeta.org, Microsoft plans to kill off the Lumia brand (image above is the Lumia 950) in favour of Surface. The phone, it is rumoured, would come in three flavours: Consumer, business and enthusiast. Most rumours point to this phone sporting a 5.7-inch screen, with the variation being in the RAM and the storage offered. OnePlus 4 This Chinese manufacturer may have just updated its flagship with 3T (image above), but a lot is expected in its new flagship, due in a few months. For starters, the OnePlus 4 is rumoured to bundle in 8GB of RAM, with a 5.5-inch screen supporting 4K videos. Also, it is rumoured to have an enhanced battery, maybe of 4,200 mAh. Note: Since these phones are yet to be launched officially all images above are of the last iteration available in the market today or are rumoured images. Source: Tags: RAM, Microsoft Surface Phone, Samsung Galaxy, Nokia, Lumia Share this Write a Comment Print this article   ALSO READ MOST RECENT   MOST COMMENTED Review: iPhone 7 Plus 10 things you must know about HTC One X9 When Google takes on Apple Buying Google Pixel XL? 8 things you must know Honor 8: Definitely worthy Angel investors tightened purse strings in 2016 Going cashless costs YOU much more! With an eye on India, Australia include two spinners for Sydney 2017: The Year of Elections Lodha reforms: SC likely to give final order on BCCI, Thakur The most stylish theatres to watch a Bollywood film Stars spotted!  What's this? Spotted: Hariharan-Sunidhi Chauhan in Mumbai Reader Sudhakar K sent us a photograph. More stars spotted Met a celebrity? Email us photos & videos Business emailOffice email AppDomain registrationWebsiteRediffmailMoneyCompany emailOnline ShoppingBooksGiftsVideosBlogsBuzz India News  |  Latest News in India  |  Bollywood News  |  India Cricket Score  |  India Business News  |  India Abroad Person of the Year 2013 © 2017 Rediff.com - Investors - Advertise - Disclaimer - Privacy - Careers - Feedback | Terms of use | India Abroad weekly ▲
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read News Board Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Only two weeks to go: Downbeat-looking Sasha and Malia return from Hawaii with their parents after last vacation on Air Force One Teen and her three young siblings are killed and a further six are hospitalized by poisonous gas from mouse pesticide sprayed under their home So what DID happen the night George Michael died? Tweets about suicide. Rumors of drug abuse. And the boyfriend who now says he spent the night of the singer's death sleeping in his car...  United Airlines employee is found trapped in plane's baggage hold after a flight from North Carolina to Virginia  Round-the-clock federal manhunt underway for escaped inmate and former Army reservist who 'stole 16 guns' while on bail for child rape The terrifying power of mega tsunamis: How an unlikely wave could wipe out the ENTIRE east coast of the US 'I've felt disgust, but never this kind of fear': Bruce Springsteen unleashes on Trump for promoting 'bigotry, racism and intolerance' and says his policies are nothing but 'lies' Rebecca Ferguson 'accepts' invitation to sing at Trump's inauguration... if she can perform track protesting racism 'You're out of here': Donald Trump kicks out author who published Ivana's 'rape accusations' in a 1993 biography from his Florida golf course Less than half of Americans - including just 1 in 7 Democrats - think President Trump can stay scandal-free  The Donald blasts Rahm Emanuel for Chicago's bloodiest year in almost two DECADES: Trump says the mayor must ask for federal help if he can't fix the city after a record 762 homicides in 2016 Will President Obama use the five-minute break between congressional sessions tomorrow to appoint Merrick Garland to the Supreme Court? Uproar at historically black college after marching band agrees to perform at Donald Trump's inaugural parade 'It's organized chaos!': White House staff reveal preparations for inauguration moving day - when they'll have just SIX HOURS to move out the Obamas and move in the Trumps Donald Trump tweets that he always thought he would 'win big' - and chides CNN for using an unflattering photo of him on new book cover  Trump's press secretary suggests Russian sanctions were politically motivated - because the White House did nothing when the Chinese hacked millions last year Just days left for Obama as he 'offloads' staff, tweaks farewell speech, prepares last-minute pardons and huddles with congressional Democrats to save Obamacare How Trump responded to Turkey terror attack by promising to build his border wall, as carnage unfolded in Istanbul Top adviser claims President Obama 'hasn't had a scandal' - to ridicule from critics who point to 'rap sheet as long as my arm' There's still 'zero evidence' Russia influenced presidential election with alleged hacking spree, says Trump's spokesman  Tearful Colorado mother pleads for help finding her six-year-old son after he 'wandered away' from their home on New Year's Eve and vanished  Elon Musk's SpaceX blames a fault in helium canister for massive Falcon 9 rocket explosion that destroyed Facebook's $200m internet satellite Are YOU smart enough to ace this school exam? Simple test designed for 10-year-old's leaves the internet baffled with its trick questions New York governor defends decision to commute sentence of terrorist getaway driver in $1.6m Brink's heist that left two cops and a guard dead, saying she's 'community minded' Previous Next Shop worker reveals her terror after her coat caught fire while she was wearing it when her iPhone 6 exploded in her pocket  Antonia Gallagher was walking down the street when her iPhone 6 'exploded' The overheating handset burned a hole in her jacket and marked her fleece  Ms Gallagher said she had only recently bought the phone which malfunctioned She has reported the incident to Apple who are yet to respond to her query   By Darren Boyle for MailOnline Published: 06:37 EST, 28 December 2016 | Updated: 08:11 EST, 28 December 2016 e-mail 113 shares 66 View comments Antonia Gallagher claims her iPhone 6 'exploded' in her pocket as she walked down the street in Birmingham City Centre  A woman has told of her terror after her iPhone 'exploded' in her pocket and 'burst into a ball of flames'. Antonia Gallagher, 26, was walking down a street when she heard a loud pop. Baffled, she looked down and claims her mobile phone - which had been in her jacket pocket - was on 'fire'. The £35-a-month Apple iPhone 6, which Ms Gallagher bought recently from the Apple store at the Bullring in Birmingham, reportedly burned through the coat. The retail worker, of Great Barr, Birmingham, said: 'I was walking down the road and the phone was in my coat pocket on my right hand side. 'I heard a popping noise and looked down and it was on fire. There was black smoke coming out of my pocket and I really panicked. 'I tried to get the phone out but I couldn't because it was so hot, but then it stopped smoking.' RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next One dead and two fight for life as freezing fog claims its... Desperate race to find two missing fishermen who were thrown... Share this article Share She added: 'It burnt through my clothes and left a hole in my coat and jumper. My jumper was brand new but now it's got a burn in it. 'The phone doesn't work at all now. 'I was petrified - imagine if I was on the phone and it exploded in my face. 'Or my little sister plays with my phone sometimes and it could have exploded in her hands. 'It was so weird. How could this happen? I don't get how it could have happened.' Ms Gallagher said she sent the phone to Apple after it suffered a catastrophic failure Ms Gallagher said the device heated up dramatically and burned through her jacket  Ms Gallagher said she's contacted Apple after the incident in November but they refuse to take responsibility. She added: 'They had a look at the phone and said they would get back to me but they didn't, I had to get back in contact with them. 'They haven't apologised at any stage. They haven't taken any responsibility. 'It feels like they don't care.' Apple are in touch with the customer and are investigating the matter. They did not comment on what caused the fire. Apple iPhone fires have previously been caused by unauthorised third party cables, unauthorised repairs or external damage.  Ms Gallagher said she is still waiting for Apple to explain what happened to her handset  Share or comment on this article e-mail 113 shares Most watched News videos Mariah botches New Year's Eve performance and storms off stage Heart-warming moment woman plays piano and sings in cathedral Man goes crazy when he catches another guy in bed with his wife Woman takes seven minutes to parallel park car in double space Man finally talks to wife after over twenty years of silence Passenger insults flight attendant before being led away by police Disturbing moment pitbull kills small dog in front of its owner Mass brawl erupts between customers and restaurant staff Dog shows off its incredibly efficient banana-eating technique Bottles and furniture thrown during terrifying NYE fight Spooky! 'Ghost' appears to follow two people down a driveway Take a look inside one of the brand new flats in The Collective Trump blasts Chicago mayor Rahm Emanuel for record-setting... Some people won't be having a happy new year! Carnage on the... George Michael's lover Fadi Fawaz reveals the singer died... Bitter Lemon? CNN anchor Don Lemon has his microphone cut as... Dick Clark Productions slams Mariah Carey's accusations of... New year, new life! Hot mugshot felon celebrates the... EXCLUSIVE - Weed belong together: Mariah Carey spotted... First pictures inside Istanbul nightclub show bodies strewn... Mommy and the model: Wendi Deng, 48, enjoys bikini break... Rosie O'Donnell calls Trump 'mentally unstable' on Twitter... ISIS is plotting ‘mass casualty’ chemical attack on Britain,... Meghan, the budding (and VERY sultry) star: Prince Harry's... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today Two weeks to go: Downbeat-looking Sasha and Malia return from Hawaii with their parents after last family vacation on Air Force One  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Angelina Jolie takes sweet twins Vivienne and Knox and daughter Shiloh for ice cream during Colorado ski trip... as she jets away from divorce drama Trouble in paradise? Nicole Kidman and Keith Urban 'had a red carpet argument' at her Lion premiere in Sydney just days before dancing up a storm on stage on New Year's Eve Still on! Jennifer Lawrence, 26, enjoys romantic New Year's Eve stroll with boyfriend Darren Aronofsky, 47 Looked like a picture-perfect couple Rebecca Romijn flaunts rock hard abs at 44 while on holiday with husband Jerry O'Connell and twin daughters She has a figure women half her age would envy 'You all lost Princess Leia and Carrie Fisher, I lost my hero': Joely Fisher pens tribute to her sister and describes the final Christmas in hospital with her comatose sibling 'I've felt disgust, but never this kind of fear': Bruce Springsteen unleashes on Trump for promoting 'bigotry, racism and intolerance' and says his policies are nothing but 'lies' 'Super excited!' Teen Mom 3's Briana DeJesus announces she's expecting a second baby in July The 22-year-old has a five-year-old daughter 'I'm gay': Sister Wives' daughter Mariah, 21, shocks her parents by coming out as a lesbian  Kody and Meri Brown's daughter Mariah had a big announcement  Mommy and the model: Wendi Deng, 48, enjoys bikini break with her 21-year-old boy toy and two teenage daughters in St Barts Looked picture perfect Michael Phelps and wife Nicole celebrate New Year's Eve with wedding bash Invited Olympic swimmers Allison Schmitt and Elizabeth Beisel to the festivities Patrick Schwarzenegger hits pool as he takes girlfriend Abby Champion on family holiday in Mexico with Maria Shriver 'Taught me how to love': Chance The Rapper finally introduces 15-month-old daughter Kensli on Instagram Sweet snap Kourtney Kardashian and Scott Disick put on a united front in Aspen as they pose on their private jet They split up in summer 2015 EXCLUSIVE - Mariah Carey spotted heading into a marijuana dispensary on Christmas Eve, just one week before her Times Square meltdown  Fit couple! Mark Wahlberg shows off sculpted body while wife Rhea Durham is red hot in bikini on holiday in Barbados Stripping off 'Parenthood is not a competition': Eva Amurri Martino responds to 'cruel' critics after she revealed night nurse dropped baby son cracking his skull Reunited! Julianne Hough goes makeup free in an adorable family selfie with fiancé Brooks Laich and their fur babies Lexi and Harley 'Cutest thing I've ever seen': Ariana Grande offers a sneak peek into her video game character for Final Fantasy The Into You singer  She's head over heels! Bethenny Frankel, 46, flaunts more than bikini body as she performs impressive handstand in Mexico She's a Skinny Girl Bonding time! Nicola Peltz rocks a black bikini as she hugs her brother Will on family holiday together Shared an idyllic Instagram photo  Keeping her on her toes! Chrissy Teigen shows off legs in LBD as she does impressive ballet move while carrying baby Luna Model mom Bella Thorne flaunts pert derriere in a tiny bikini on holiday in the Bahamas... and even covers herself in body glitter Hitting the beach Country crooner Sam Hunt engaged to his girlfriend and Montevallo muse Hannah Lee Fowler The 32-year-old Georgia-born belter New year, new nails! Tobey Maguire's ex Jennifer Meyer makes manicure her priority at start of 2017 The jewelry designer dressed in ripped jeans  Mixing it up! Jamie Foxx's daughter Corinne raises temperatures in mismatched bikini during beach outing in Miami Rocking a two-piece Star in stripes: Natalie Portman keeps it comfortable in patterned top and hoodie while on morning walk in LA She donned shades for a stroll What happened to Sahara Ray's face? Justin Bieber's rumoured ex-fling shows off her VERY plumped-up lips... and fans aren't happy 'He hasn't been able to stand Tom for years': Russell Crowe 'feuding with Cruise on set of new film The Mummy over the star's treatment of ex Nicole Kidman' PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Angelina Jolie hits the slopes with her kids during Colorado ski trip... as she enjoys NYE getaway in wake of Brad Pitt split  Luann de Lesseps and Tom D'Agastino head to the Bahamas for honeymoon after the Real Housewives star and her 'cheater' husband bid farewell to their friends at lunch So what DID happen the night George Michael died? Tweets about suicide, rumours of drug abuse and the boyfriend who now says he spent the night sleeping in his car Doutzen Kroes displays model figure in cropped top and tiny shorts while hitting beach in Miami with family Vacation time! Her new BFF! Kendall Jenner cuddles sweet new dog while getting in spot of shopping with Hailey Baldwin The 21-year-old is a catwalk queen Lea Michele lays her naked ambition bare as she poses for racy New Year snap Celebrated the new year by stripping down for a racy Instagram photo Buxom Daisy Lowe channels a Fifties pin-up girl as she covers-up sexy bikini with plunging white sundress after day of frolicking on Miami beach Taking a gamble on love? Jennifer Lopez and Drake hit high-roller tables in Vegas together after she supports him at NYE gig High-stakes date Camera queen Kate snaps up an honour: Duchess is commended by the Royal Photographic Society for her images (and here's some of her best work)  Maksim Chmerkovskiy posts photo of pregnant fiancee Peta Murgatroyd touching up makeup in hospital gown as she prepares to give birth  Always looking her best Luann de Lesseps and Tom D'Agastino head to the Bahamas for honeymoon after the Real Housewives star and her husband bid farewell to their friends Izabel Goulart flaunts her supermodel figure in TINY crochet bikini as she frolics on the beach in St Barts  Cemented her Brazilian bombshell status 'I have cellulite, stretch marks and some jiggle on my belly': Former body builder who used to be 'embarrassed' by her physique reveals why she refuses to 'embrace her flaws'  Why ARE so many celebrities obsessed with showing us their rear view? Former Cosmopolitan editor questions the stars' latest trend Like Suki Waterhouse  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Wild thing Daisy Lowe wears her leopard-print bra to the beach as she cosies up to handsome mystery man on the beach in Miami Billie Lourd breaks her silence with moving tribute to mother Carrie Fisher and grandmother Debbie Reynolds Posted a picture of herself as a child Pretty Little Flier: Fresh-faced Lucy Hale jets into LAX looking radiant after hosting New Year in New Orleans Make-up free She's red hot! Gwen Stefani unveiled as new face of Revlon  'Ever since I was a young girl, I have used makeup as a form of self-expression' Coffee date! Vanessa Hudgens rocks cropped sweater and extremely tight trousers during outing with boyfriend Austin Butler Spotted on a coffee run  'Lies!' RHOA Kandi Burruss slams claims by Phaedra Parks she had a threesome with her husband and another woman Hit back Daisy Lowe shows off her kooky sense of style on holiday as she pairs a skimpy white bikini with trainers The model was in particularly high spirits Newly engaged Serena Williams flashes her ring as she steps out with her Reddit co-founder fiance Alexis Ohanian in New Zealand On cloud nine Margot Robbie stuns in a leopard print one piece as she cozies up to new husband Tom Ackerley at the beach with friends... after secretly tying the knot 'We had sex': Nick Viall's former one night stand turns up as a Bachelor contestant... but he doesn't seem to remember her  Awkward moment Love's young dream: Elle Fanning enjoys giggly lunch date with boyfriend Dylan Beck The blonde kept things casual, opting to wear a black jumpsuit 'Boy crazy!' Ellen Pompeo cradles her newborn son Eli as she dances around her kitchen Became a mom for the third time in December  In the swim! Naomi Watts enjoys the warm waters off Cancun with sons during New Year's family getaway Actress, 48, donned a turquoise swimsuit  Ciara posts cute photos of her baby bump as she rings in 2017 with her growing family Expecting her first child with American football star Russell Wilson New year, old pals! Jonah Hill and Michael Cera enjoy low-key Superbad reunion ten years on  Their friendship is still going strong 'I decided to take a risk and play it': Gisele Bundchen serenades peaceful song while playing acoustic guitar by pool in new video Singing for the camera Queen brings tragic Tetra Pak heir's clan in from the cold after appointing Hans Rausing's cousin as one of her representatives  Scandalous past 'Get your happy a**es home!': Kim Zolciak misses daughter Brielle Biermann and beau Michael Kopech as they enjoy getaway in Niagara Falls 'Private pool suits me just fine!' Ashley Graham shows off her hourglass curves in racy white swimsuit as she takes a drop in the Seychelles 'It's not a set thing': Ben Affleck won't direct his Batman standalone if it doesn't come together to his liking Behind and in front of the camera? The look of love! Margot Robbie beams as she arrives back in LA with new husband Tom Ackerley... after tying the knot in secret ceremony in Australia 'They're perky!': Cynthia Bailey takes RHOA castmates to her breast exam... and lets them squeeze her implants Hands-on experience  Hilary Duff shows off her toned torso in a bikini as she larks around with son Luca in the Hawaii surf Held hands as they walked into the sea  Frances Bean Cobain's battle to get ex to return her late father Kurt Cobain's priceless guitar is heading for a multi-million dollar court case Covergirl prep! Victoria's Secret model Shanina Shaik takes to social media in a face mask shortly before her latest Cosmopolitan cover is announced UK X Factor runner-up Rebecca Ferguson 'graciously accepts' invitation to sing at Trump's inauguration... if she can perform track protesting racism Slapped and screamed at by directors, pestered for sex by co-stars and a victim of Tony Curtis's vile gossip: How DEBBIE REYNOLDS was abused in Hollywood   'Stand strong and move forward!' Nicole Scherzinger flaunts her phenomenal bikini body as she shares her New Year's resolve from Hawaii Sparkling New Year for Ab Fab star's daughter: Actress Beattie Edmondson announces her engagement  She's the daughter of Jennifer Saunders Now that's one way to RING in the New Year! Ashley Greene stuns in a black dress and flaunts her engagement bling as she celebrates 2017 in Sydney with new fiancé Making resolutions! Rob Kardashian works up a sweat on a two-hour trek with Blac Chyna... days after health scare left him hospitalized Newly single Bella Thorne enjoys NYE smooch with model pal Kyra Santoro as she rings in 2017 with her girlfriends in the Bahamas Hilary Duff parades her toned pins in skimpy bikini bottoms as she tries her hand at surfing during New Year's break to Hawaii Surf lesson 'Bad and boujee!' Larsa Pippen showcases her enviable figure in revealing bikini aboard river cruise  Posed for another skimpy swimsuit shot  Rich Kids of Instagram's Lana Scolaro loses her bikini top as she enjoys break  in St Barts... after shooting to fame with THAT Robin Thicke snap Living it up! Jamie Foxx welcomes the new year with a boy's night in Miami Hit 1 Hotel in the South Beach neighbourhood Sara Sampaio flaunts her trim figure and pert posterior in pretty print swimsuit as she enjoys a sunbathing session on Mexican holiday Basking in the sunshine 'He really wanted to be in the movie': Robin Williams was turned down for iconic Hagrid role in Harry Potter franchise because he wasn't British Katie Couric reunites with Matt Lauer on Today as she returns to host the morning show for the first time in a decade Reclaiming her seat Mariah Carey kisses Bryan Tanaka in preview clip of reality show after he pops out of cake and gives lap dance Sneak peek of her show  'The best way to start 2017': Jessica Alba soaks up the sun in a bikini as she and her daughters celebrate the New Year on Hawaiian beach Eva Amurri Martino reveals baby son suffered a cracked skull after a night nurse dropped him... and admits she's now battling depression  '1st selfie of the new year!' Ciara shares a picture of her growing bump as she supports her man at NFL game She's shaping up to have a memorable  'Bodies of every size': Lena Dunham bares cleavage in lingerie for New Year's Day photo-shoot Sending a message with racy shot They tied the knot! UnREAL cco-stars Johanna Braddy and Freddie Stroma start 2017 as newlyweds They had been dating since meeting in 2015 'Sad when bae leaves': Ariel Winter, 18, pouts over absent Levi Meaden,29... after ringing in New Year with a kiss Sulky Snapchat 'Counting my blessings': Karlie Kloss winks as she shows off her famous figure in black bikini in St Barts Showing off her model body Georgia May Jagger rocks wild leopard print lingerie and sparkling bling as she writhes around in bed for LOVE's Video Advent 'The loneliness became desperate': Kate Bush describes 'cruel' bullying during her teenage years at Catholic girls' school in newly resurfaced essay Dick Clark Productions slams Mariah Carey's accusations of sabotage as 'frankly absurd' after diva's epic lip syncing meltdown she blamed on faulty earpiece  James Corden's stunning wife Julia Carey shows him up with her incredible beach body as they enjoy Barbados sun on festive family jaunt 'Happiest New Year!' Bella Hadid shares selfie blowing on party horn as she rings in 2017 with Kendall Jenner and Jordyn Woods Knows how to have fun 'I love my man!' Jessica Simpson shares sultry couple shot with husband Eric Johnson Welcoming 2017 on the united front  'Partner in life!' Rachel Zoe and Rodger Berman share NYE kiss as they celebrate 25 years together Midnight smooch Chip off the old block! Brooklyn Beckham theatrically dives from boat as holiday break in Maldives continues Inspired by some dives from his father? Stella McCartney covers up in a floaty kaftan as she enjoys romantic beach stroll with husband Alasdhair Willis in St Barts Bod Jovi! Shirtless Jon Bon Jovi, 54, shows off his impressive physique as he goes for a dip in St Barths It seems he has looked good, always 'This is a turning point in saving elephants from extinction': Prince William salutes China's decision to shut down its ivory trade by the end of this year  Double Trouble! Tiffany Scanlon and Megan Marx strip down to their bikinis before teasing fans about the mystery location they are set to move to That's one way to ring in the New Year! Victoria's Secret stunner Bridget Malcolm flashes underboob as she poses TOPLESS on a disco ball  Andrew Garfield cheers on the Los Angeles Lakers courtside as awards season looms for Hacksaw Ridge star Sports fan Meghan the budding star: Actress poses for series of publicity photos after landing a role in daytime TV show 13 years before she met Prince Harry  It's all about the bling! Jennifer Lopez wears Drake's necklace as she supports him at his NYE Vegas show The 47-year-old was spotted in a nightclub Trying to impress? Ansel Elgort enjoys a shirtless workout... as girlfriend Violetta Komyshan looks on Actor was productive in South Beach in Miami Former NFL star Kordell Stewart sends his ex Porsha Williams a cease and desist letter after nude video of him is leaked on internet Is she trashing him? I'm pregnant! Lauren Conrad reveals baby news with sweet sonogram picture on New Year's Day  This will be the star's first child Rise and shine! Bikini girl Hilary Duff embraces the new year with surf lesson in Hawaii While many around the world were nursing a hangover Party time! Kendall Jenner steps out in black negligee while Hailey Baldwin stuns in white mini dress as the pals celebrate New Year's Eve in Hollywood Shirtless Jake Gyllenhaal flaunts hunky physique as he joins bikini-clad pal Greta Caruso in exquisite waters during St. Barths break Tired of the beach? Covered up Ashley Olsen, 30, caresses shirtless beau Richard Sachs, 58, during trail hike in St. Barts Enjoying the sun Twice as nice! Models Doutzen Kroes and Joan Smalls put on a bikini display as they meet up on Miami Beach Spent New Year's Day relaxing on the beach  Hard day's twerk! Bella Thorne dances on the back of a truck in the Bahamas She was joined by her sister Dani and a group of her friends  'His love has been life changing': The Veronicas' Lisa Origliasso reveals she's engaged to boyfriend Logan Hoffman and shows off her ring Expat A-list! Daniel MacPherson and Zoe Ventoura party with the Hemsworth brothers and Miley Cyrus on NYE at gold-themed bash What a welcome to 2017 Rosie O'Donnell calls Trump 'mentally unstable' on Twitter and warns America that there are 'less than three weeks to stop him' Strong statement 'I wish everyone this kind of love!' Kelly Clarkson plants a kiss on son Remington for New Year's greeting He is just eight months old  Louis Tomlinson's ex Briana Jungwirth coos over their giggling son Freddie in old family videos... as she reveals that their baby has taken his first steps Justin Bieber rings in 2017 with medley of hits during poolside performance at historic Fontainebleau Miami Beach Wowed the crowd  Sheer New Year! Bella Hadid reveals underwear in see-through outfit as she dares to bare to usher in 2017 in Hollywood 'Feliz Año!' Shakira embraces her partner Gerard Piqué and sons as she posts a festive New Year's message to her fans on Instagram  Adorable family  'One of the most eventful and exciting years of my life': Ivanka Trump celebrates New Year in Hawaii as the rest of the clan party with Stallone  Bradley Cooper heads out for healthy jog in LA while 'pregnant' girlfriend Irina Shayk spends New Year in her native Russia Could soon be a father  Rogue One takes $64M over New Year weekend to become the US's second highest grossing film of 2016... as Disney sweeps year-end top three 'How we started 2017!' Proud David Beckham shares sweet snap of his family from glamorous beach party in the Maldives... as the stars ring in 2017  Well that's one way to worship the sun! Lady Victoria Hervey looks radiant in a vibrant floral maxi dress as she offers her palms to the sky in Barbados Million Dollar Listings star Ryan Serhant shares cheeky snap of wife skinny dipping on lavish belated honeymoon  In Bora Bora What a Dream day! Blac Chyna begins new year with Rob Kardashian and daughter after dramatic split Easy family day together Jon plus four! Gosselin sees in 2017 with half of his famous brood The 39-year-old star of Jon and Kate Plus 8 grinned as he held out a selfie stick 'I'm going to break a leg for sure!' Sophie Monk shares a video of beginners skiing lesson as she takes to the slopes for the first time  Australian model Ripped! Laura Dundovic flaunts her incredible abs as she poses in a skimpy bikini on the beach after becoming a personal trainer 'My life changed forever!' Coco Austin shares snap of the moment she met Ice-T 16 years ago as they celebrate wedding anniversary at NYE bash 'Wonder if I will be cold?' Kate Hudson braves a snowy NYE in Aspen in nothing but lingerie as she parties hard with pal Chelsea Handler Naomi Campbell, 46, shows off her incredibly ageless physique in barely-there bikini as she rings in 2017 with blissful beach break Looked incredible  Bachelor's Megan Marx calls girlfriend Tiffany Scanlon her 'biggest accomplishment' of 2016  Renowned reality pair  Bitter Lemon? CNN anchor Don Lemon has his microphone cut as he starts to talk about how 2016 was 'awful' after drinking tequila in live New Year broadcast  'I don't hold back': Supermodel Jess Hart reveals the trick she uses to stay in shape while still eating the food she loves... and that includes burgers Revealed: Jennifer Lopez quietly turned up to support her new beau Drake at his NYE show in Las Vegas She was spotted in a VIP booth Jake Gyllenhaal maintains his toned physique with a New Year's Eve run while on holiday in St. Barts  On a well deserved vacation Blake Lively enjoys low-key New Year's Eve with her Sisterhood Of The Traveling Pants BFF Amber Tamblyn Actresses have been besties since 2005 hit  'Catwoman' Jocelyn Wildenstein's ex-boyfriend sees off 2016 by frolicking on the beach with transgender model Lauren Foster In Miami  Ashley Graham whips off her bikini to pose topless while enjoying sunshine holiday Marked the first day of 2017 with a revealing selfie A dip in the (Car)pool! Doting daddy James Corden larks around with son Max on Barbados shore during idyllic New Year getaway Put on a sweet display 'Back with beautiful Bindi': Chandler Powell posts tribute to his girlfriend Bindi Irwin as he returns to Australia to be with her after pair spend time apart Princess Mary rings in the new year dressed in a gold gown and deep purple cape for annual banquet Was joined Crown Prince Frederik  'Mariah Carey just summed up 2016!' Diva botches New Year's Eve lip-sync performance and STORMS OFF Times Square stage while crying into the mic George Michael's lover Fadi Fawaz reveals the singer died alone after he slept in his car and denies posting tweets saying the star had tried to kill himself  'Who needs to drop the ball when Mariah already covered it?' Twitter mercilessly trashes diva for her epic New Year's Eve meltdown  'I believe I can fly': Justin Theroux posts hilarious video of himself crash landing after ski jump He knows how to garner a few laughs too Norman Cook returns home from NYE gig in Italy after a lonely Christmas following split from Zoe Ball... while she celebrates six months of sobriety Making a splash! Eagerly anticipated DC Comics Aquaman superhero flick starring Jason Momoa and Amber Heard will start filming in May James Packer's ex Erica Packer looks glam as she enjoys family holiday in St Barts... while another 'ex' Seal hits the ski slopes with Heidi Klum 'I've felt better': Louis Tomlinson welcomes 2017 with a hungover selfie as he prepares for a new year after his mother's tragic passing The One Direction star Jeremy Clarkson's VERY racy party girls: Grand Tour star is pictured with a host of society's most eligible women at New Year's Eve party  The 4 things that I love the most': Madonna spends New Year with son Rocco Ritchie and his siblings as they ring in 2017 together with family ski trip  The Queen is feeling 'better', says Princess Anne as royals attend Sandringham church service without her on New Year's Day in rural England  It's New Year's Eve somewhere! 5 Seconds of Summer's Ashton Irwin looks a little worse for wear as he parties until 8am in the morning Still going for it  She's smitten! Britney Spears shares cuddly snap after celebrating New Year with new love Sam Asghari Britney and her new guy are inseparable Fifty Shades Darker teases more steamy sex scenes with new TV ad Fans got a peek at the upcoming Fifty Shades Darker movie  'Her tongue freaks me out!' Jessica Simpson's BFF CaCee Cobb posts silly selfie while celebrating New Year's Eve Frequently sticks it out  'Toddler headbutt!': Jason Biggs starts the New Year with a black eye from two-year-old son Sid Enjoyed his first day of 2017 with a large shiner  'Hello 2017': Ed Sheeran promises new music in five days' time... as he appears on social media for the first time in 57 weeks Exciting comeback  The dry January drinks that are actually DELICIOUS: Wine expert HELEN MCGINN recommends the best teetotal tipples you can try at home That's one passionate midnight kiss! Miley Cyrus shares her New Year's cinch with fiancé Liam Hemsworth as they attend New Year's Eve party Real love: Housewives' star Luann de Lesseps marries Tom D'Agostino in Palm Beach ceremony after banning Bravo from filming the event Blac Chyna and Rob Kardashian put on a united front as they celebrate New Year's Eve together... as she puts her engagement ring back on Gerard Depardieu displays his portly frame as he strips off his shirt during a hot and sweaty rehearsal for his stage show in Buenos Aires Hot under the collar  Sherlock's Amanda Abbington admits it was 'weird' revisiting parenting onscreen with now ex-partner Martin Freeman... ahead of series return '2017 here we go!' Joanna Krupa gets cheeky with a pretty pal as they ring in the New Year in their bikinis Couldn't keep their hands off each other He's the man who told us that Trump would triumph - now look what Mystic Morgan predicts for Meghan (not to mention other surprises that might come in 2017) Having an auld lang fine time! Gwen Stefani locks lips with Blake Shelton as they enjoy family New Year's Eve Everyone wanted a kiss at midnight  Victoria Beckham joins Mel C on stage to sing their hit tune 2 Become 1 as the ex bandmates ring in 2017 with in the Maldives with their friends and families 'Don't get blood on the jacket!' 'Drunk Don Lemon' gets his ear pierced live on air during NYE show Displayed a full array of antics  Family meal-a! Mila Kunis stocks up on food with hubby Ashton Kutcher and newborn son Dimitri ahead of NYE Ringing in the new year with a family meal Fergie and Hailee Steinfield flash the flesh in skin flaunting ensembles as they ring in 2017 in style on Dick Clark's New Year's Rockin' Eve Beautiful front and back! Ashley Graham posts rear view topless bikini pic as she enjoys tropical getaway Seeing in 2017 in The Seychelles  Nicki Minaj shows off her ample assets in plunging silver jumpsuit as she rings in 2017 with Miami gig... after replacing Jennifer Lopez at the last minute 'A blessed way to bring in 2017!' Amy Smart surprises fans as she welcomes a daughter with husband Carter Oosterhouse Incredible news  Thatkiss Neverbeen! Jennifer Lawrence reveals she has never had a New Year's Eve kiss Has never had a midnight smooch Iggy Azalea hoping for 'better vibe' in the New Year after 2016 saw ex-fiancé Nick Young cheat on her, X Factor flop, and Guy Sebastian brand her a 'weirdo' Kathy Griffin reveals large armpit sweat patches during live NYE celebration with Anderson Cooper Was it too hot for the co-host on CNN  Now that's a Happy New Year! Khloe Kardashian kisses Tristan Thompson as they ring in 2017 together Sealed with a smooch 'One for the mommies tonight': Mums go into meltdown as Tom Hardy reads the bedtime story on the BBC's children's channel on New Year's Eve Such a cheeky boy! Usher posts photo of 'bonita' wife Grace's bottom as they welcome the New Year in a hot tub Looks like his party is just peachy  Nicole Kidman's surprise 'happy' dance at Keith Urban's NYE show in Nashville thrills fans... but leaves some asking if she's had a bit too much to drink 'Happy New Year!' Pink delights in her newborn baby while Gisele Bundchen prances on the beach as the stars welcome 2017 Stares are celebrating Engaged! TV producer Greg Berlanti and LA Galaxy winger Robbie Rogers announce plans to wed Exciting news to end the year  M*A*S*H star William Christopher dies of cancer at age 84 The storied actor is known for playing Father Mulcahy on the 70s hit show      DON'T MISS Oozing star quality! Alexa Chung is the belle of the ball in intricate head piece as she toasts the New Year at a glamorous New York masquerade ball Make-up free Nicole Scherzinger displays her sensational beach body in a sun-soaked Hawaiian selfie Wowed in the white bikini  Flip Or Flop's Christina El Moussa reflects on her 'crazy year' of 'highs and lows' on Instagram after split with husband Tarek Wants a 'fabulous' 2017 Blac Chyna shows off post-baby curves in a plunging dress as she heads out to celebrate New Year's Eve Got to celebrate, even with lots on her plate 'Thankful': Sofia Vergara looks incredible in strapless dress while vacationing in Bora Bora for husband Joe Manganiello's birthday Relaxing break  'Let's do this!' Mariah Carey is carried to the stage by her beau Bryan Tanaka as she preps for New Year's Eve show in Times Square Ready for midnight 'Peace out 2016!' Jessica Alba ends the year exploring Hawaiian rainforests with her loved ones Mother told 2016 to take a hike  Nicki Minaj displays ample cleavage in sexy Instagram post in wake of deadly shooting outside concert of on-again, off-again beau Meek Mill Celebrate good times, c'mon! Amy Adams stocks up on alcohol ahead of New Year's Eve celebration  Had a helping hand from her daughter Aviana New Years goals! Doutzen Kroes showcases killer bikini body as she cosies up to husband Sunnery James on beach in Cancun Transgender model Hari Nef sizzles in slinky purple gown as she sings sultry cover of Blue Velvet for Love's video advent Video each day 'The worst holiday season of my life': How custody battles with Angelina meant this year ended in the most agonizing Christmas EVER for Brad Pitt We can be heroes! Nicole Kidman dances on stage beside hubby Keith Urban as he performs amazing New Year's tribute to 2016's fallen greats  'Girl power!' Naomi Watts rings in the new year as a single woman... with a bikini trip to Mexico   Split with husband Liev earlier this year  '2016 is almost over!' John Legend shares cute snap with Chrissy Teigen on his back as the couple spend New Year's Eve in St. Barts Always photogenic  Shanina Shaik sports a racy green dress as she supports DJ Ruckus at a New Year's Eve gig in Miami Was wearing a racy ensemble 'All is as it should be!' Katy Perry rings in the New Year with boyfriend Orlando Bloom on a Tokyo sidewalk Decided to wear as mask in Japan  Fans outraged as fake Cheryl Twitter account 'confirms' pregnancy...after the singer shares heartfelt New Year's Instagram selfie 'My dude is HOT': Miley Cyrus admires her fiancé Liam Hemsworth as they attend a New Year's Eve party with his brother Chris and wife Elsa Pataky It must be true love! Kylie Jenner gets a lower-case T for Tyga tattoo'd on her ankle... her SIXTH inking so far Reality queen had a recent touch up Beach babe! Heather Graham, 46, flashes her long legs and toned midriff on trip to Miami with her boyfriend Turned heads during a trip to the beach  What a Carey on! Mariah has a diva moment after flubbing her lines... while Lionel Richie is pitch perfect as they usher in 2017 in Times Square Cricketer Shane Warne has a family photo of himself and ex-fiancée Elizabeth Hurley together with all of their children on his BATHROOM wall Oh no, normal people! Robbie Williams is caught on camera applying hand sanitiser after singing Auld Lang Syne - and looking suitably disgusted  Head over heels! Izabel Goulart does cartwheels on the sand in St Barts The breathtaking Brazilian model showed off her flawless figure and athletic prowess Ending the year on a bang! Reality star Courtney Stodden poses in white lace lingerie as she says 'bye 2016' Has been a tumultuous year for the 22 year old  'Hey': Teen Kylie Jenner shows off her curves in green bra and panties as she takes last mirror selfie of 2016 Showing off her curves  2016 came to an end  God bless America! Criminal Minds actor Shemar Moore gets patriotic as he dons the stars and stripes for New Year's Day party in Sydney Michael Jackson's doctor Conrad Murray promises to tell late pop singer's three children 'the truth' about their parentage Mystery will be revealed The Angels have arrived! Victoria's Secret models Jasmine Tookes, Romee Strijd and Lais Ribeiro sizzle in tiny bikinis while on holiday in Brazil Ladies' man! Scott Eastwood enjoys a Sydney Harbour cruise with a group of VERY glamorous women including newly single Bachelor star Lisa Hyde  'We love her just as much as we did before': Ronda Rousey's mom writes heartfelt message defending her UFC fighter daughter after humiliating defeat Russell Crowe's estranged wife Danielle Spencer, 47, looks youthful and fit as she steps out in gym clothes before New Year's Eve party in Sydney Miles Teller jets out of LA with girlfriend Keleigh Sperry as they are pictured for the first time days after surviving dramatic car accident 'You are perverted': Gospel singer Kim Burrell faces backlash after calling homosexuality a 'sin' during sermon at church she founded in Houston She's a perfect 10! Maria Menounos shows off her beautiful bikini body on romantic beach break in Mexico with fiancé Keven Undergaro Always looking amazing Effective AND edible! Beauty blogger shows how to make a DIY Nutella face mask to treat your spots Will get rid of blackheads and hydrate skin GIRL ABOUT NEW YEAR: Pippa's family are trying to save the pennies as her wedding is set to cost a fortune  Her nuptials to James Matthews are soon 'Who's your mommy?' Champion Amanda Nunes mocks defeated Ronda Rousey with picture after soundly beating UFC poster girl in less than a MINUTE Ready for wedding! RHONY's Luann De Lesseps, 51, is lovely in white during rehearsal dinner night before Palm Beach nuptials to Tom D'Agostino 'I will f***ing shoot and ask questions later!': RHOA star Kenya Moore pulls a gun on three trespassers at her Atlanta mansion Protecting herself  'No better way to end 2016': Khloe Kardashian's ex Lamar Odom poses with his kids in first Instagram post since leaving rehab Appeared in good health 'What time does the ball drop?' Mariah Carey assigned a special team to get her to Times Square before midnight after the diva's people panicked organizers  Victoria's Secret model Megan Williams displays her beach body in a black bikini as she frolics in the ocean in St Barts with her boyfriend Richie Akiva Girl can't help it! Bella Thorne flashes her cleavage in bikini on Snapchat after jetting into the Bahamas The 19-year-old former Disney star  GIRL ABOUT NEW YEAR: Lovelorn Cara's LA dash to rekindle her romance The supermodel and St Vincent are poised to give it another go Winter wonderland! Kelly Ripa bundles up in beanie and mittens for hike in snowy Colorado The 46-year-old is currently in Telluride, with her family Always a supermodel! Alessandra Ambrosio sizzles in sexy black swim suit as she poses by a pool for a pal At home in front of the camera 'I miss LA': Chloe Lattanzi admits she's homesick after moving from California to Oregon with her fiancé to start a marijuana farm business  Carrie Fisher was starstruck by Prince Harry and tracked him down in a London nightclub... but he admitted he wasn't a Star Wars fan Keeping Up With Jonathan Cheban! Kim Kardashian's pal hangs in Miami with Ansel Elgort and Rob 'The Gronk' Gronkowski Ready for the new year 'Seychelles!' Ashley Graham shows off her perfect waist in a bikini as she enjoys the island life with husband Justin Ervin Looking fantastic  Serena Williams flashes her gold ring on Snapchat after touching down in New Zealand with new fiance Reddit co-founder Alexis Ohanian Denim darling! Jenna Dewan shows off her fit form in a black bodysuit with jeans and leopard print booties while out in LA Unloading her SUV 'I get to love him forever!' Bachelor vet Selma Alameri marries Patrick Daniels in intimate city hall ceremony after six month engagement Happy New Year from Kylie Jenner! Reality star poses with bestie Jordyn Woods in Hello Kitty Snapchat filter Closed out 2016 in a casual fashion With her amor! Bethenny Frankel, 46, flaunts toned bikini body as she splashes around with boyfriend Dennis Shields in Mexico She's a Skinny Girl Kelly Brook flaunts her ample cleavage and toned stomach in a pink printed bikini for sizzling shoot Never been afraid to show off her figure Adele and partner Simon Konecki are said to be 'planning a UK wedding after secretly becoming engaged in October' Exciting new year ahead It's almost 2017! Hailee Steinfeld dons plunging mini dress with fishnet nylons ahead of performance for Dick Clark's New Year's Rockin' Eve Future trendsetter! Kaia Gerber rocks jean skirt and black bikini during family vacation with mom Cindy Crawford in St. Barts She is 15 'Not all the senators think I'm insane': General Leia deleted scene from The Force Awakens surfaces online days after Carrie Fisher's death 'We've made something very complete': Benedict Cumberbatch hints new Sherlock series may be the last as fans prepare for new episode  'It was a real Felix-and-Oscar disparity between their personalities': Mark Hamill talks Star Wars co-star Carrie Fisher and Debbie Reynolds Paul McCartney's wife Nancy Shevell, 57, shows off her sensational bikini body as she frolics on the beach in St Barts A beach babe Jennifer Lopez, 47, 'is having fun' with Drake, 30, as it's claimed their relationship isn't serious... after they share steamy kiss at Vegas bash Heather Graham shows off her bikini body while on the beach in Miami with boyfriend producer Tommy Alastra Relaxing with her producer beau 'My babies': Rob Kardashian shares photo of fiancée Blac Chyna holding their daughter Dream after emergency hospital visit for diabetes scare Holding on tight! Ashley Olsen, 30, gets bear hug from beau Richard Sachs, 58, as they party in St. Barts The former Full House star  Bringing up the rear! Sizzling Sara Sampaio shows off her pert posterior and svelte figure in bright bikini on Mexican holiday Looking sensational  Kate and William are slammed for doing HALF the official engagements Charles and Diana did at the same age  Have been criticised for their work ethic  'You just got knocked the f*** out': Justin Bieber slams old foe Ronda Rousey after she got beaten up by Amanda Nunez in UFC fight Debbie Reynolds 24-hour movie marathon will air on TCM in January with such hits as Singin' In The Rain and The Unsinkable Molly Brown 'You made me cry because it was so beautiful!' Miley Cyrus breaks down in tears as she hears young cancer patient sing at children's hospital Sports Illustrated stunner Hailey Clauson strips down to her lingerie as she saucily recreates When Harry Met Sally for LOVE's Video Advent Heartbreak (and another sore face) for Ronda Rousey as she gets beaten by Amanda Nunes after just 48 SECONDS on return to UFC - but will still pocket $3m  Just the girls! Makeup-free Lea Michele rocks leggings and sweatshirt as she spends quality time with mom Edith Sarfati Relaxing day out  'They decided on forever': Miranda Kerr's mother Therese shares beautiful snaps of son's same-sex wedding to longtime partner James Wright A dozen less lonely girls! Justin Bieber flashes his tattoos as he looks delighted to greet bikini-clad Beliebers in Barbados Was in great spirits Tamara Ecclestone rocks festive onesie for elaborate Frozen-themed NYE with sister Petra Stunt and sweet daughter Sophia, 2, in Gstaad  'She has an incredibly famous mother': Ryan Phillippe credits ex wife Reese Witherspoon for their daughter Ava's Instagram fame Social media star Today's headlines Most Read Two weeks to go: Downbeat-looking Sasha and Malia return from Hawaii with their parents after last family... Teen and her three young siblings are killed and a further six are hospitalized by poisonous gas from... So what DID happen the night George Michael died? Tweets about suicide. Rumours of drug abuse. and the... United Airlines employee is found trapped in plane's baggage hold after a flight from North Carolina to... Round-the-clock federal manhunt underway for escaped inmate and former Army reservist who 'stole 16 guns'... The terrifying power of mega tsunamis: Video reveals how a wave could wipe out the ENTIRE east coast of the... 'I've felt disgust, but never this kind of fear': Bruce Springsteen unleashes on Trump for promoting... X Factor runner-up Rebecca Ferguson 'graciously accepts' invitation to sing at Donald... 'You're out of here': Donald Trump kicks out author who published Ivana's 'rape accusations' in a 1993... Less than half of Americans – including just 1 in 7 Democrats – think President Trump can stay scandal-free  Trump blasts Chicago mayor Rahm Emanuel for record-setting 762 homicides and 4,331 shooting victims in 2016... Will President Obama use the five-minute break between congressional sessions tomorrow to appoint Merrick... Uproar at historically black college after marching band agrees to perform at Donald Trump's inaugural... 'It's organized chaos!' White House staff prepare for inauguration moving day where they'll have just SIX... Donald Trump tweets that he always thought he would 'win big' - and chides CNN for using an unflattering... Trump's press secretary suggests Russian sanctions were political - as the White House did nothing when the... Just days left for Obama as he 'offloads' staff, tweaks farewell speech, prepares last-minute pardons and... How Trump responded to Turkey terror attack by promising to build his border wall, as carnage unfolded in... Top adviser claims President Obama 'hasn't had a scandal' - to ridicule from critics who point to 'rap sheet... Trump spokesman says there's still 'zero evidence' Russia influenced presidential election with alleged... Tearful Colorado mother pleads for help finding her six-year-old son after he 'wandered away' from their... Elon Musk's SpaceX blames a fault in helium canister for massive Falcon 9 rocket explosion that destroyed... Are YOU smart enough to ace this school exam? Simple test designed for 10-year-olds leaves the internet... New York governor defends decision to commute sentence of terrorist getaway driver in $1.6m Brink's heist... 'I won't stop until I'm dating a women born in the 1990s': Homeless man, 37, 'banned from Starbucks for... PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Angelina Jolie takes sweet twins Vivienne and Knox and daughter Shiloh for ice cream... We reveal 25 PAIN-FREE ways to boost your health in 2017: Stop combining alcohol with sugar-free mixers, and... Homeowner shoots and kills drunk guest who refused to leave his son's invite only New Year's Eve party Man, 20, 'yells "f*** Trump", tries to choke himself and urinates on a state trooper' after being arrested... MORE HEADLINES Trump blasts Chicago mayor Rahm Emanuel for record-setting 762 homicides and 4,331 shooting victims in 2016 and says he 'must ask for Federal help' if he can't fix Windy City Some people won't be having a happy new year! Carnage on the streets of Britain as revellers see in 2017 with a night of fighting, vomiting and a LOT of flesh on show  George Michael's lover Fadi Fawaz reveals the singer died alone after he slept in his car and denies posting tweets saying the star had tried to kill himself many times  Dick Clark Productions slams Mariah Carey's accusations of sabotage as 'frankly absurd' after diva's epic lip syncing meltdown she blamed on faulty earpiece  Bitter Lemon? CNN anchor Don Lemon has his microphone cut as he starts to talk about how 2016 was 'awful' after drinking tequila in live New Year broadcast  New year, new life! Hot mugshot felon celebrates the holidays with his wife and kids at their mansion  EXCLUSIVE - Weed belong together: Mariah Carey spotted heading into a marijuana dispensary on Christmas Eve, just one week before her Times Square meltdown  First pictures inside Istanbul nightclub show bodies strewn across the floor as police release new photo of 'ISIS killer' and quiz eight people over New Year's Eve attack  ISIS is plotting ‘mass casualty’ chemical attack on Britain, warns minister as he calls on citizens to help identify 'the enemy within'  Rosie O'Donnell calls Trump 'mentally unstable' on Twitter and warns America that there are 'less than three weeks to stop him' Mommy and the model: Wendi Deng, 48, enjoys bikini break with her 21-year-old boy toy and two teenage daughters in St Barts Meghan, the budding (and VERY sultry) star: Prince Harry's girlfriend poses for series of racy publicity photos after landing a daytime TV show role 13 years before their royal romance began  'S*** happens!' Mariah Carey tries to brush off New Year's Eve lip-sync disaster after crying 'I wanted a holiday too' and storming off stage - ending her dismal 2016 that saw canceled engagement to billionaire Packer Pit bull kills a small dog in front of its horrified owner while she helplessly cries for it to stop in Los Angeles Ex-wife of billionaire oil tycoon T. Boone Pickens 'ordered her African-American chef to cook her guests black people food' at $2,000-a-night luxury ranch Homeowner shoots and kills drunk guest who refused to leave his son's invite only New Year's Eve party Pictures that make me weep for today's young women: SARAH VINE on how British society is in the grip of an out of control binge-drinking culture Saved by his cellphone: Delaware businessman, 35, cheats death in Istanbul nightclub terror attack and his headed home after his phone takes impact of bullet shot by 'ISIS' gunman who killed 39  Will President Obama use the five-minute break between congressional sessions tomorrow to appoint Merrick Garland to the Supreme Court? Two weeks to go: Downbeat-looking Sasha and Malia return from Hawaii with their parents after last family vacation on Air Force One  BREAKING NEWS: ISIS claim responsibility for Istanbul nightclub atrocity as police hunt gunman who murdered 39 revellers in five-minute shooting spree Pit bull mauls family who tried to put him in a Christmas sweater and is only captured after being stabbed, Tasered, then shot with a tranquilizer dart AND a shotgun  'I'm getting impolite aren't I, fat a***?' Passenger's 'misogynistic' rant at airline staff forces US-bound flight from Sydney to land in New Zealand so he can be arrested Will a BAG solve the mystery of what happened to six missing plane passengers who vanished over Lake Erie? Police find luggage in hunt for family of four and their two friends Tearful Colorado mother pleads for help finding her six-year-old son after he 'wandered away' from their home on New Year's Eve and vanished  The Incredible Sulk: Husband has gone 20 YEARS without speaking to his wife since she upset him - but still lives with her and his children  Washington man, 37, is banned from a Starbucks for asking a barista, 16, out to dinner - and then claims he's a victim of AGEISM Is this the face of a cold-eyed killer? Menacing SELFIE released of suspected ISIS gunman goading Turkish secularists by posing in Taksim Square protest site as different CCTV clips shows the wanted man roaming Istanbul before the massacre  'Obama and other Muslims not welcome here': Convenience store sparks outrage with racist 'welcome' sign  MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Share 3 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-01-02 ‘The Affair’ Season 3 On Showtime Recap, Which Character Is The Most Messed Up? [Spoilers] Entertainment 2017-01-02 Maddie Ziegler YouTube Channel Launched: ‘Dance Moms’ Star Says ‘It’s Gonna Be Really, Really Fun’ Entertainment 2017-01-01 Netflix News: What’s Leaving In January Entertainment 2017-01-01 Whose New Year’s Eve Meltdown Was More Entertaining, Don Lemon or Mariah Carey? News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2017-01-02 Death By Selfie: Indian Student Killed In Front Of Oncoming Train, ‘Killfies’ Skyrocket Worldwide News 2017-01-02 Poll: Most Americans Don’t Think Donald Trump Can Prevent Scandal In His Administration News 2017-01-02 Oklahoma Earthquakes: Series Of Small Earthquakes Rattle Oklahoma Residents News 2017-01-02 Mugshot Model Jeremy Meeks Had An Amazing 2016 After Doing Time Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Football 2017-01-02 The Chicago Bears Should Target These Three Players In The Offseason Wrestling 2017-01-02 WWE News: Alberto Del Rio Arrested After Fight In Austria Wrestling 2017-01-02 ‘WWE Raw’ Results: Goldberg On First-Ever ‘Kevin Owens Show’ & Reigns Vs. Jericho For US Title [Live Updates] Basketball 2017-01-02 NBA Trade Rumors: Avery Bradley To Lakers, Jahlil Okafor To Celtics, Jordan Clarkson To 76ers Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-01-01 New Year’s Resolutions You Can Actually Keep Lifestyle 2017-01-01 New Year’s Resolution Tips: Experts Tell How To Pick And Stick To Your Resolutions In 2017 Lifestyle 2016-12-31 New Year’s Resolution: 7 Things You Must Add To Your List Lifestyle 2016-12-30 Anything Open New Year’s Eve & New Year’s Day? Holiday Hours For Stores, Restaurants, Banks, Post Office As We Ring In 2017 Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-01-02 Over 700 U.S. Hospitals Penalized For ‘Superbug’ Infections And Patient Injuries: Is Your Hospital On The List? Health 2017-01-01 FDA Warns Pregnant Women Of High Rate Of False Positives For Zika Test: Less Than Half Of Positive ZIKV Detect Test Samples Actually Had Zika Health 2017-01-01 New Form Of Medical Marijuana Helps Treat Kids With Epilepsy Health 2016-12-31 What Is Intersex? Inside The Medical Condition That Is As Common As Red Hair Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2017-01-02 ‘Tom Clancy’s The Division’ 1.6 Update: Review Of Last Stand Datamine Leak Reveals PvP Control Points, Dark Zone Gameplay Events, And Leaderboard Checkpoints [Rumors] Gaming 2017-01-02 ‘The Celebrity Apprentice’ 2017 Spoilers: Which Contestants Are Rumored To Go Far In The New Season With Arnold Schwarzenegger? Gaming 2017-01-02 For ‘Destiny 2,’ Bungie Focuses On Improving Storytelling Gaming 2017-01-01 ‘Marvel Vs. Capcom Infinite’: Mega Man X Huge Part Of Cinematic Story Mode, Developers Reveal BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-01-02 Hoax? Blake Messick Claimed He Hacked Neighbor’s Unsecured Wireless Printer – Printed 10 Words, Got New Free Printer BuzzWorthy 2017-01-02 IPhone Case Looks Like A Gun – Brings Warning To Public From Police [Photo] BuzzWorthy 2017-01-02 Mom Donates 18.5 Gallons Of Breastmilk Following Her Newborn’s Death, Claims Pumping Helped Her Heal BuzzWorthy 2017-01-02 Japanese Boy Band SMAP Quietly Disbands: Decision Not Unanimous, Indicates Agency Of Popular J-Pop Band That Was Together Since 1988 SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss AirPods: Apple Finally Releases Product That Isn’t Overpriced [Opinion] Opinion 3 0 0 December 28, 2016 AirPods: Apple Finally Releases Product That Isn’t Overpriced [Opinion] Daryl Deino The following article is entirely the opinion of Daryl Deino and does not reflect the views of the Inquisitr. Apple’s AirPods may be the company’s most revolutionary product in years. They have garnered the best reviews out of any Apple product released in 2016. “The AirPods are pretty great. Their strange design does present some problems — but not the ones everyone’s complaining about,” says David Pogue of Yahoo Finance. He adds that not only do the AirPods not fall out of your ears, but that the sound is also really good as well. It looks like a lot of people agree with Pogue; Apple’s AirPods are nearly impossible to find in stores just eight days after the initial release date. This author received his early on Tuesday morning and has not been able to take them out of his ears. Apple’s AirPods are much better than anybody had ever predicted. Apple’s AirPods may be the best Apple product of 2016. [Image by Daryl Deino] (Mostly) Comfortable Fit There have been many who are afraid that the AirPods would not fit in their ears, or that they would fall out. This author has been able to put the AirPods in his ears and shake almost violently without them falling out. Many others have said the same thing. The AirPods don’t have wires, so there is nothing pulling them down. Simple Pairing Once you take Apple’s AirPods out of the case, which is very similar to dental floss, you will get a picture on your iPhone that allows you to pair the buds instantly. There is no hassle. There is no going into the Bluetooth settings to get the AirPods to work. That’s because of Apple’s W1 chip, which also senses when you put the earbuds in your ears or take them out. Unlike regular Bluetooth headphones, you will rarely get a drop of an audio signal. Good Sound Apple’s AirPods sound surprisingly good. [Image by Daryl Deino] The AirPods will not replace your $300 Bose headphones, but they actually sound pretty good — the sound is fuller, clearer, and has a greater presence of bass than the EarPods that come with the iPhone. The more you dig the buds in your ear, the more bass you hear. Remember, you are paying $159 for the true convenience of wireless earbuds, not high fidelity headphones. Don’t put your $400 Sennheiser or Bose wireless over-the-ear headphones on eBay just yet. Very Good Phone Quality The phone quality on Apple’s new buds is about as good as it is with the regular EarPods — and that’s not a bad thing. The fact that you are actually talking into a microphone built into the buds makes it all the more fascinating. People on the other line said that the AirPods definitely separate the background noise from the main voice. Talking to somebody while walking down a busy street worked well, though you (if not the person you are talking to) can still hear all the background noise since the AirPods don’t have active noise cancellation. Battery Apple says that the AirPods will last about five hours on a single charge, and tests revealed the accuracy of that. However, if you run out of juice, all you have to do is pop the buds back in their “dental floss” case for 15 minutes, and you’ll get three more hours. Pop them in for a half hour, and you’ll get a full five hours recharge. The battery case can charge the buds up to 24 extra hours of time, though you will need to charge the case itself at least once every two or three days, depending how much you’ll use the buds. Conclusion You will actually end up using the AirPods a lot more than you thought you would. They work seamlessly, offer good sound, and fit so well in your ears that you’ll forget that they are there. Apple may overcharge for their other devices (see new MacBook Pro), but the $159 you spend on the AirPods will be the best $159 you’ve ever spent. [Featured Image by Daryl Deino] Now Watch This: Islamic State Claims Responsibility For Turkey Nightclub Shooting Now Read This: Death By Selfie: Indian Student Killed In Front Of Oncoming Train, ‘Killfies’ Skyrocket Worldwide Share 3 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Daryl Deino Tags: Airpods, Apple, Bluetooth January 2, 2017 Victoria’s Secret Model Bridget Malcolm Poses Nearly Nude For ‘Playboy’ January 2, 2017 Camila Cabello Gets The Last Laugh As She Thanks 2016 View full timeline 23 hours ago Apple 2017 Predictions: Steve Jobs Helps iPhone 8 Sales, Stock Prices 1 day ago iPhone 8: The Biggest And First AMOLED iPhone Reported For September 2017 Release Date Comments LATEST HEADLINES ‘The Bachelor’ 2017 Spoilers For Episode 2: Nick Viall Heads Out On His First Dates, Awkward Moments Are Ahead Hoax? Blake Messick Claimed He Hacked Neighbor’s Unsecured Wireless Printer – Printed 10 Words, Got New Free Printer Get To Know Corinne Olympios Of ‘The Bachelor’ 2017, Her Business And More Death By Selfie: Indian Student Killed In Front Of Oncoming Train, ‘Killfies’ Skyrocket Worldwide Jinger Duggar Baby Rumors Swirl, No Official Announcement Made Yet Waffle House Waitress Loses Job After Firing Warning Shot In The Air During Robbery ‘Missing Nine’ Upcoming K-Drama Premiere: MBC To Run Special Episode 6 Days Before Melodramatic Series Airs [Video] Victoria’s Secret Model Bridget Malcolm Poses Nearly Nude For ‘Playboy’ ‘Reality Steve’ Wrong About ‘Bachelor’ Nick Viall’s Final Pick? Who Really Gets Nick’s Final Rose? Jon Gosselin Spends New Year’s Eve With Half His Kids: What Did They Do? Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Julian Assange Has Confirmed That The U.S. Government Is Lying To The American People About Russia 34.2k 0 0 2NE1: YG Entertainment K-Pop Girl Group Confirmed To Disband, CL And Dara Re-Signed To Label As Soloists 37.5k 0 0 Win An iPhone 7 From ‘The Inquisitr’ 52 0 0 Theo James Not Engaged To Girlfriend Ruth Kearney, Shailene Woodley And ‘Underworld’ Actor Say Goodbye To ‘Divergent’ Movies 2.6k 0 0 Bernie Sanders Tells Trump ‘Keep Your Promises’, Don’t Cut Social Security Or Medicare 2.4k 0 0 Delayed Kindergarten Enrollment Dramatically Reduces ADHD In Children, Study Shows 374.7k 0 0 Recent Videos News Mid-air Plain Collision Kills Three In Texas News Queen Elizabeth II Misses New Years Service , Recovering From “Severe Cold” Politics Russian Malware Breach On Electric Grid, Officials Concerned For Potential Attacks News Donald Trump “Making America Great Again” With 5000 New Jobs Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact News Partners Opposing Views Huffington Post Fark Buzz Feed Supported By DoubleClick Google Adsense Softlayer Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr News.
null
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Apple has published its first AI research paper Sam Shead Dec. 28, 2016, 5:03 AM 4,372 facebook linkedin twitter email print Apple CEO Tim Cook.AP Apple has stayed true to its promise and published its first academic paper on artificial intelligence. The world's most valuable company has traditionally kept its AI research private but earlier this month Ruslan Salakhutdinov, director of AI research at Apple, made a pledge to start being more open. The new Apple paper — published December 22 and titled "Learning from simulated and unsupervised images through adversarial training" — gives an insight into some of the techniques that Apple is using to develop AI. In the study, which was published through the Cornell University Library, Apple researchers explain a technique that can be used to improve how an algorithm learns to "see" what is in an image. The paper's six authors state that using synthetic images (such as those seen in a video game), as opposed to real-world images, can be more efficient when it comes to training AI models known as neural networks, which are designed to think in the same way as the human brain. Why? Because synthetic image data is already labelled and annotated while real-world images aren't. However, using synthetic images has its problems. The Apple researchers write that they are "often not realistic enough, leading the network to learn details only present in synthetic images" and adding that they "fail to generalise well on real images." In order to get around this issue, the researchers propose using a technique they call "Simulated+Unsupervised learning," which combines unlabelled real image data with annotated synthetic images. The paper's lead author was Apple researcher Ashish Shrivastava. Other authors include Tomas Pfister, Oncel Tuzel, Josh Susskind, Wenda Wang, and Russ Webb. Apple's software can already identify people's faces in photos but the company and its rivals now stand to benefit by programming machines to learn how to identify places, animals, brands, and other things. Apple's paper comes after Facebook's head of AI Yann LeCun said that Apple's reluctance to let researchers publish their work could be hindering its hiring efforts in the highly competitive field where Google, Amazon, and DeepMind are also looking to recruit the best talent. Describing how Facebook gets the most talented software engineers in the world to come and work on Facebook's AI efforts, LeCun said: "Offering researchers the possibility of doing open research, which is publishing their work. "In fact, at FAIR [Facebook Artificial Intelligence Research], it’s not just a possibility, it’s a requirement," he said in London. "So, [when] you’re a researcher, you assume that you’re going to publish your work. It’s very important for a scientist because the currency of the career as a scientist is the intellectual impact. So you can’t tell people 'come work for us but you can’t tell people what you’re doing' because you basically ruin their career. That’s a big element." Jack Clark, who writes the Import AI newsletter, wrote in his latest email: "Apple’s participation in the AI community will help it hire more AI researchers, while benefiting the broader AI community." It's likely that majority of Apple's AI research takes place at its headquarters in Cupertino but the iPhone maker also has a number of satellite AI outposts around the world, including a secret Siri lab in Cambridge, UK. Apple did not immediately respond to Business Insider's request for comment. NOW WATCH: This machine solves the most time-consuming things about doing laundry Loading video... More: Apple AI Artificial Intelligence facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Apple has published its first AI research paper Apple has published its first AI research paper Apple has stayed true to its promise and... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured 5 innovations in radiology that could impact everything from the Zika virus to dermatology More "Digital Industry Insider" » Keep tabs on the latest from Business Insider in our new Chrome Extension More "BI Innovations" » Get Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Newsletter-controller Sign-Up Learn More » Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Business Insider Select 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Mobile Insights BII Mobile Insights More Featured 10 Things Before the Opening Bell BI Intelligence Daily Business Insider Select Digital Industry Insider Instant MBA Markets Chart Of The Day Business Insider Events Tech Chart Of The Day Tech Select Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Strategy 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Advertising Select Careers Select Retail Select Strategy Select Life Breaking News Education Select Entertainment Select Life Select Tech Digital Media Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Enterprise Select Fintech Briefing IoT Chart of the Day Mobile Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Science Select Finance Finance Insider Markets Select Smart Investor Your Money Select Politics Military Select Politics Select Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Sports Sports Letter to My Younger Self Basketball great Ray Allen: ’Do you want to fit in, or do you want to embark on the lonely pursuit of greatness?' Read Allen's letter to his teenage self » Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT
Tuesday 3 Jan 2017 / Tehran - 06:49 / GMT - 03:19 Old FNA Old FNA                 Advanced Search Ar  | En  | Fa  | Tr Home Politico-Defense Politics  - Foreign Policy  - Defense  - Nuclear   Economy Society & Culture Society  - Sport  - Culture  - Art  - Life Style   Sci-Tech Space  - Nano  - Medicine  - Technology  - Earth   World Interviews & Commentaries Interviews  - Commentaries   Multimedia Photo  - Video   All Stories Technology Wed Dec 28, 2016 1:29 New iPhone 7S Leak Will Anger Everyone Tweet TEHRAN (FNA)- For Apple and the iPhone, 2017 is the big one. It marks the 10th anniversary of the iconic smartphone and leak after credible leak has told us about radical design changes and revolutionary new technology. But are they wrong? According to new information from Mac Otakara, the 2017 iPhones could be very disappointing indeed. Citing a “Taiwan supplier”, the site says that instead of the so-called ‘iPhone 8’ Apple will instead follow tradition and simply release an iPhone 7S and iPhone 7S Plus which will be virtually identical to the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. If correct, this would be the fourth successive generation where Apple has stuck with the same design and the move would likely anger fans as iPhone rivals continue to cut down bezel sizes to fit larger displays into physically smaller phones. Other than one brilliant exception.  How seriously should we take this frustrating news? Well Mac Otakara has a good track record and it was the first site to reveal Apple would remove the headphone jack from the iPhone 7 at the start of the year (though I predicted the move in 2014). For those looking for an upside to this leak, Mac Otakara does point out a couple of notable changes are on the way in 2017. It says the iPhone 7S will increase its screen size from 4.7 to 5-inches while both the iPhone 7S and iPhone 7S Plus will have dual cameras that are arranged vertically rather than horizontally, as they are on the iPhone 7 Plus. Breaking these down, the increased screen size for the iPhone 7S would align it more closely to leading Android rivals but also make the phone larger if the core design is not going to change. For users who prefer smaller phones, that won’t be a popular move. Meanwhile dual cameras on both iPhones would be a step forward after the iPhone 7 missed out on this feature, while the switch to a more traditional vertical orientation for both camera modules implies Apple has rethought how the setup works. Currently the second camera is used as a 2x optical zoom and for a cool portrait mode, but dual cameras can also be used to take the same photo at different exposures to boost image quality (a kind of optical enhancement for HDR). The good news for those still disappointed by this report, however, is Mac Otakara says Apple won’t finalise the specifications for either new iPhone until the second quarter of Apple’s 2017 fiscal year, which is in April. As such these leaks could be backups in case Apple’s more radical iPhone 8 plans don’t come to fruition or even, as some have speculated, the iPhone 7S and iPhone 7S Plus may be released in addition to a more expensive overhauled iPhone 8 giving customers the choice of three premium models for the first time. Personally I think this latter theory is the most likely. After all, with iPhone sales slowing in recent years, a triple play would allow Apple to increase profit margins by retaining current pricing for models which hold onto older designs for longer while introducing a new and more expensive flagship model as the brand’s posterchild. After all, as the new 2017 MacBook Pros demonstrated, price rises are not something Apple worries about. So if the Mac Otakara news does anger you, keep your hopes up for a) Mac Otakara's usually reliable sources getting it wrong this time and being the real source of your anger, or b) an iPhone triple play in 2017, for which I would suggest you start saving now…         LATEST STORIES (8) Iraqi Chopper Striking ISIL Positions Near Tal Afar Saudi Arabia's Costly War on Yemen and Its Great Losses in 2016 Iraqi Special Forces Recapture Another Neighborhood in Eastern Mosul Iraqi Special Forces Evacuate Civilians from Danger Zone in Mosul Elite Iraqi Forces in Battle with ISIL Militants in Mosul Mosul Operations: ISIL Terrorists Scatter in Fear After Tough Offensive by Iraqi Popular Forces Over 32 Killed, 61 Wounded as Blast Hits Sadr City Area of Baghdad Iran Opens Line of Small Caliber Ammunition NIOC Approves Qualification of 29 Foreign Energy Firms for Int'l Tenders Eternal Condemnation: Marking the First Anniversary of Sheikh Nimr’s Execution by Riyadh Turkey Mourns Victims of Istanbul Nightclub Attack Official: Iran's Petchem Exports to Hit 20mln Tons by Yearend Fabulous Fireworks Across World Greet 2017 Iran Ups Steel Exports by 51 Percent in 8 Months Damascus: Militants in One More Town Joining Peace Agreement with Syrian Gov't Iraqi Chopper Striking ISIL Positions Near Tal Afar TEHRAN (FNA)- Iraqi choppers struck at ISIL gathering positions near Tal Afar, West of Mosul. [VIDEO] Saudi Arabia's Costly War on Yemen and Its Great Losses in 2016 TEHRAN (FNA)- The Saudi campaign was launched in 2015 with the aim of reinstating Yemen’s former president Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi, but it has been unsuccessful in achieving its goal after two years of unfair war. [VIDEO] Iraqi Special Forces Recapture Another Neighborhood in Eastern Mosul TEHRAN (FNA)- Iraqi forces achieved more victories by recapturing the Al-Intisar area in Eastern Mosul during their ongoing military operation against ISIL terrorists. [PHOTOS] Iraqi Special Forces Evacuate Civilians from Danger Zone in Mosul TEHRAN (FNA)- Iraqi special forces evacuated civilians from Al-Methaq neighborhood in Mosul to a safer location while advancing to more districts in the Eastern parts of the city. [PHOTOS] Elite Iraqi Forces in Battle with ISIL Militants in Mosul TEHRAN (FNA)- The Iraqi Rapid Response Division opened its way into the Northern edge of Al-Intisar neighborhood, while the Counter-Terrorism Service (CTS) advanced to the Southern side of the adjacent Al-Quds area. [VIDEO] Mosul Operations: ISIL Terrorists Scatter in Fear After Tough Offensive by Iraqi Popular Forces TEHRAN (FNA)- Iraqi popular Forces' tough battle power pushed ISIL back from regions West of Mosul and destroyed a number of their suicide vehicles. [VIDEO] Over 32 Killed, 61 Wounded as Blast Hits Sadr City Area of Baghdad TEHRAN (FNA)- A car bomb that went off in Baghdad’s Sadr City area left over 32 people dead and 61 wounded. Another twin car explosions also hit Baghdad neighborhood near al-Kindi and al-Chawadir hospitals in Eastern and central parts of the city. [PHOTOS] Iran Opens Line of Small Caliber Ammunition TEHRAN (FNA)- Iran launched another production Line of small caliber ammunition on Monday and Iranian Defense Minister Hossein Dehghan attended the ceremony. [PHOTOS] NIOC Approves Qualification of 29 Foreign Energy Firms for Int'l Tenders TEHRAN (FNA)- The National Iranian Oil Company (NIOC) approved qualification of several international exploration and production (E&P) companies for participating in oil and gas tenders. Eternal Condemnation: Marking the First Anniversary of Sheikh Nimr’s Execution by Riyadh TEHRAN (FNA)- People of good conscience from around the world are holding rallies to mark the first anniversary of the execution of prominent Shiite cleric Sheikh Nimr al-Nimr by the Riyadh regime. Turkey Mourns Victims of Istanbul Nightclub Attack TEHRAN (FNA)- Relatives carry the coffin of one of the 39 victims of the Reina night club attack during his funeral ceremony on January 1, 2017 in Istanbul. [PHOTOS] Official: Iran's Petchem Exports to Hit 20mln Tons by Yearend TEHRAN (FNA)- A senior energy official disclosed that Iran is planning to considerably boost the export of its petrochemical products before the end of the current Iranian year (will end March 20, 2017). Fabulous Fireworks Across World Greet 2017 TEHRAN (FNA)- Fireworks explode in Marina Bay during New Year celebrations in Singapore January 1, 2017. [PHOTOS] Iran Ups Steel Exports by 51 Percent in 8 Months TEHRAN (FNA)- Iran's private sector exported over 3.7 million tons of crude steel and related products in the first eight months of the current Iranian year (March 20-November 20), showing a considerable growth compared with last year's corresponding period, official data released by the government said. Damascus: Militants in One More Town Joining Peace Agreement with Syrian Gov't TEHRAN (FNA)- Militants in a key town in Western Damascus are about to end fight against the Syrian government after long talks with the reconciliation committee in the region. ﻿ ﻿ Sections Home World Politico-Defense Interviews Economy Multimedia Society & Culture All Stories Sci-Tech About us Contact us Fars News Agency Fars News Agency. All rights reserved 2017 ©
null
Gadgets Software Hardware Mobile Phones Internet Apple Features Everything Else Search ADVERTISE SPONSORED POSTS ABOUT US PRIVACY CONTACT US Sign in Welcome! Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Get help Password recovery Recover your password your email A password will be e-mailed to you. TechShout Gadgets Software Hardware Mobile Phones Internet Apple Features Everything Else Home Apple Jet White iPhone 7 shown off in video Apple Jet White iPhone 7 shown off in video By Bindu Nair - Dec 28, 2016 Talk about a Jet White iPhone 7 erupted about a month ago when noted Japanese blog Mac Otakara reported that Apple was going to add the color to its existing lineup at some point before the next series came out. Now noted Apple leakster Sonny Dickson has posted a video to Twitter which shows off the option. There’s a high probability that the Jet White iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus featured in the video are simply mockup cases obtained from Chinese sites like Alibaba. The former noticeably doesn’t feature an Apple logo on its back, something which the company isn’t likely to do. AppleInsider points out that the finish on the glossy white iPhone 7 appears to have an eggshell texture which indicates that the shade was painted on or applied after manufacturing. However, the Jet Black iPhone 7 gets its shine from a high-gloss finish that comes about as a result of various steps such as anodization, rotational 3D polishing, and an iron particle bath. Also Read: Apple to launch 5-inch iPhone with vertical dual cameras Dickson himself labeled the video with a question asking ‘Could this be the Jet White iPhone 7?’ Moreover, third-party firm ColorWare tweeted out a picture (see above) of its own take on a white iPhone 7 in reply to his post. Even if the video is fake, it does offer a first glimpse at what the new color may look like. Could this be the Jet White iPhone 7? pic.twitter.com/pHoDiZ63ON — Sonny Dickson (@SonnyDickson) December 27, 2016 Apple rarely outs fresh options after launching an iPhone though. It usually opts to introduce new shades at the launch event itself. Doing so might also be seen as unfair to customers who would have liked to opt for gleaming white rather than black. VIAAppleInsider SOURCEColorWare TAGS apple iPhone 7 iPhone 7 Plus Jet White iPhone 7 SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleLG G6 render reveals G5-like design Next article5 Nokia Android phones coming out in 2017 Bindu Nair RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Apple partner Wistron seeks India plant expansion for iPhone manufacture iOS 10.3 to introduce popcorn-themed Theatre Mode Future Apple AirPods may sport magnetic hooks to keep them in place 245,831FansLike 13,676FollowersFollow 13,439SubscribersSubscribe TRENDING All Alternatives Apple Cameras Download Features Gaming General Guide Hardware Home Entertainment Interesting Internet iPod News Laptops Mobile Phones Science Security Software Tablet Tech Reviews Telecom Wireless More Meizu M5S gets spotted in the wild again Sohil Nikam - Jan 2, 2017 0 Samsung Smart View app to get Chromecast-like streaming ability Bindu Nair - Jan 2, 2017 0 Apple partner Wistron seeks India plant expansion for iPhone manufacture Bindu Nair - Jan 2, 2017 0 Load more ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT © TechShout.com 2016
IE Home Nation World Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos E-Paper Apps RSS Gadgets Review Photos Videos Mobile & Tabs Science Indian Express Home Home Technology Tech Reviews Apple MacBook Pro 2016 review: Ideal for the power user Apple MacBook Pro 2016 review: Ideal for the power user Apple MacBook Pro 2016 review: Here's what we thought of Apple's latest and more powerful MacBook. Rating: 4.5 out of 5 Written by Nandagopal Rajan | Updated: December 30, 2016 10:15 am Apple MacBook Pro 2016 review: This one is for the power users. Our quest for the “ultimate computing device” continues. Most of us will agree the MacBook range comes close when you are looking for a really dependable computer, which can fulfil your requirements. This is why Apple’s laptops have been the go-to device for many high-end users. Now, the MacBook Pro has been upgraded, and Apple has added much more than sheer power and muscle. Specifications: 13.3-inch IPS display (2560x1600p, ~ 227ppi) | 2.9GHz dual-core Intel Core i5, Turbo Boost up to 3.3GHz, with 4MB shared L3 cache | 8GB of 2133MHz LPDDR3 RAM | 512GB internal storage | Intel Iris Graphics 550 | 4 x Thunderbolt 3 (USB-C) ports | 802.11ac, Bluetooth 4.2 | 49.2wh lithium-polymer battery | 1.37 kg | macOS Sierra Price: 1,72,000 Apple MacBook Pro 2016  The new MacBook Pro is no regular upgrade. It ushers in some radical design changes, making it the thinnest and smallest of the kind. In fact, the 13-inch version is smaller than the 2015 MacBook Air of the same size. Now, the MacBook Pro has four Thunderbolt 3 ports, all of which can help charge the device and transfer data. But there is no space for the Magsafe charger, nor are there regular USB ports. You will not waste a second figuring out where to plug the charger; the USB Type-C cables can plug into any of the four ports to charge the Mac, transfer data or power a 4K monitor with video output. The new MacBook Pro is no regular upgrade. It ushers in some radical design changes, making it the thinnest and smallest of the kind. The one thing that sets the new MacBook Pro apart from any other computing device in the market is the Touch Bar with TouchID. This strip of multi-touch sensitive display replaces the functions keys above the keyboard. I initially thought this works only with specific apps, but the truth is that as you can use the strip to access additional functions on anything you are doing on the Mac; right from frame by frame search on Final Cut Pro to just multi-tab browsing on Safari. What is good? Sending out my first tweet from the new Mac, I was startled by a whoosh sound that swept across from the right to left across the device. Yes, Apple has brought in the kind of audio quality that makes the iPad Pro sound stunning, to the Mac as well. So this one is louder than any other Mac, and the sound is richer and deeper too. Macs have traditionally had great, vibrant displays that have tried to make images look as natural as possible. Now, the new MacBook Pro takes it a notch up by making it brighter, richer and sharper. At 500 nits it is really bright, and you might not need to keep the brightness up unless you are working under the sunlight. Apple MacBook Pro TouchBar: Here’s how it looks when you’re using Safari. My perception of the TouchBar turned on its head the moment I started using it. I initially thought it works only on Final Cut Pro or Adobe Photoshop. I was wrong. It does a good job of replacing the function keys and integrates amazingly well with whatever you are doing, whichever software you are working on. Apple TouchBar has shows all the regular functions as well. On desktop mode, you will turn to the strip to adjust brightness or volume or even turn on Siri, while on notes it will give you predictive text or help change fonts. You can swish through tabs or photos with a swipe on this bar. It is unlike anything we have seen before. Then the TouchID at the end of the strip makes it easy to log back in from sleep. Plus, the trackpad has become really big and easy to work with. The new MacBook Pro can be unlocked via TouchID. In the end, if someone puts their hard earned moolah behind a Macbook it is because of its performance, which they expect to be better than any other device. In fact, the TouchBar is a good place to test the processing power of the new MacBook Pro. Tabbed browsing is a very basic requirement for most of us, but still it is very resource intensive. But using the TouchBar you can cycle through dozens of open tabs without so much as a protest. Using the TouchBar you can cycle through dozens of open tabs without so much as a protest. In the photos, it can fly through hundreds of images of varying quality; open one of these and you will be able to change its colour mode from normal to sepia with a swipe and not a second of lag. Also, I could easily crop and trim 4K videos I had shot on the iPhone over a period of time. There seems to be some concern over the battery of the MacBook Pro and so far I have not had any issues, except for one time when the battery seemed to have drained inexplicably. Since then the battery has been stable. In fact, a full screen-on test with 100 per cent brightness, music streaming and playing at full volume and me working on Safari, Notes and Chrome gave me 4 hours and 20 minutes of juice, which is not bad in my books. MacBook Pro TouchBar when a user is on the Notes app. What is not that good? The keyboard now has a new butterfly mechanism, which feels different from my MacBook Air, not really in a good way. The keys seem to hit a flat at the end of its travel, and send a small kick up the fingers, which will take some getting used to. The new MacBook Pro has four Thunderbolt 3 ports based on the USB-C standard. No Magsafe, no regular USB ports. While you can use any of the four ports to charge your device or transfer data, you will need to invest in adapters to connect with old world devices and accessories like hard drives. Till the rest of the world catches up, it is going to be a struggle. For the MacBook Pro, adoption of the TouchBar will take time. I am not sure there will be widespread adoption for the TouchBar right away. What it does show is that a lot of stuff you hope to achieve on a laptop with a touchscreen can actually be executed well, and maybe better, with a feature like the TouchBar. Should you buy? Yes, if you are a power user for whom the TouchBar and extra processing power will mean time saved and money made. For others, all this is a bit too expensive now to make sense. The Apple MacBook Pro is undoubtedly the most powerful computing device you can rest on your laps, you will get used to the TouchBar and the lack of more traditional ports. There aren’t many other laptops that excel at so many different aspects. © The Indian Express Online Media Pvt Ltd Tags: Apple Best of Express PM Modi frames UP fight: Growth exiled for 14 yrs, give us majority EntertainmentDangal box office collection day 11: Aamir Khan film all set to take over Sultan as biggest hit of 2016 EntertainmentRaees: Dear Shah Rukh Khan, why are you so 'Zaalim' on us? EntertainmentBollywood shocked at Abis Rizvi's death in Istanbul terror attack EntertainmentAkshay Kumar's calender break-up of his films will leave you amazed Must Read SportsSC sacks BCCI chief, secy; Anurag says ‘all the best’ SportsBCCI's top two down; cricket’s non-playing XI panics Sports'Let the new administrators amend the constitution' TechnologySamsung Galaxy A7, Galaxy A5, Galaxy A3 (2017) launched ahead of CES 2017 TechnologyBHIM app duplicates are all over Google Play Store: Here's how to avoid TechnologyWhatsApp stops working in older iPhones, Android handsets Lifestyle9th edition of India Art Fair to start February 2 Jan 03: Latest News Novak Djokovic advances at Qatar Open after slow start Asia stocks see subdued start to 2017, dollar resumes climb Huge wildfire destroys homes in Chile tourist city Oil prices rise as markets eye OPEC No North Korea missile will be capable of reaching US: Donald Trump Nandagopal RajanNandagopal Rajan is Editor New Media. He writes on technology, gadgets... read more Happy New Year with a cash-rich ATM and a higher withdrawal limit Narendra Modi might not have said much, but he sure thanked India, Indians Technology in 2017: So what does this year hold for us?                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Home FEATURED Cellphones Notebooks Gaming Tablets Software Apple Planning an iPhone 7s with 5-inch Display December 28, 2016, By Sanjeev Ramachandran Share This Related Posts Moto X Likely to Follow the Footsteps of Moto Z with its Design HTC Ocean Note Flagship Aims to Outclass Pixel Smartphone’s Mastery in Smartphone Camera The upcoming year won’t be exclusive to iPhone 8 for Apple in regard with their smartphone launches. According to the latest rumors, the Cupertino Company is working on a 5-inch device that will arrive simultaneously with the iPhone 8 device. The report comes from Japanese supply outlet Mac Otakara, which claims that the new device will feature specifications similar to that of Apple iPhone 7s and iPhone 7sPlus devices. The smartphones will be featuring 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch screens respectively. Earlier reports have suggested that Apple’s 5-inch device would feature edge-to-edge display technology. The new device should come in addition to the rumored iPhone 8/iPhone X device that will be coming out with 5.1-inch flexible OLED displays. As per the available info, Apple’s new 5-inchd device likely that the device would be introduced as an upgrade of the current iPhone versions instead of being tagged along with the revolutionary iPhone 8 device. Apart from the screen size dimension, the report also points out that the smartphone will be packing dual-camera system on its rear-side. Apple has embraced the dual-camera technology with its latest iPhone 7 Plus device. But unlike the latter, the new device will have the two lenses arranged vertically, one above the other, instead of placing them horizontally. It needs to be seen whether the same vertical dual-cam setup will be adopted for its iPhone 7s and iPhone 7s Plus devices. It’s also no guarantee that the 5-inch device would eventually make it to the market, as Apple’s smartphone plans for 2017 still remains unclear. We should be hearing more as we head towards the launch date Posted in: Cellphones, Featured Related Articles Moto X Likely to Follow the Footsteps of Moto Z with its Design HTC Ocean Note Flagship Aims to Outclass Pixel Smartphone’s Mastery in Smartphone Camera Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Spotted Online with Improved Specs Gionee Launches M2017 with Top-Notch Specs and a Humungous Battery Samsung is making up for the Note 7 Recall with a Big Galaxy S8 « Previous Post « LG Levitation Speakers Would be Able to Float for 10 Hours Next Post »  Revamping Chromebook Lineup with a USB-C Chromebook » Follow this blog Twitter Facebook RSS Tech Gaming Software Dell’s Latest Addition to XPS will be a 2-in-1 Convertible with 13-inch Display Focus, the Productivity-Focused Smart Mail App from Samsung Exits Beta Twitter Unleashes 360-degree Video Stream on Periscope  Revamping Chromebook Lineup with a USB-C Chromebook LG Levitation Speakers Would be Able to Float for 10 Hours Nintendo Wii U Wound Up, Switch is Here PlayStation VR Arrives this October as the Cheapest Console VR Sony’s PlayStation Now Services to Hop on to PS3 Consoles Next Week Xbox One April Update to Usher in Voice Message Feature Sony Rolls Out Web-based PlayStation Vue TV Services for PS Devices Focus, the Productivity-Focused Smart Mail App from Samsung Exits Beta Spotify’s New Update Makes it the Best Suitable App for Touch Bar Google’s Search App Could Soon Get Some Data Friendly Features Vine’s Short Looping Videos Will Outlast via a Rebranded App Google Updates Motion Stills iOS App with Support for Floating Texts DM on Facebook DM on Twitter Latest Tutorials Here’s How to Add Self-Made Stickers in iMessage How to Enable Night Mode and Freeform Apps in Android N Create Personalized Emojis in Snapchat; Here’s How Here’s How to Get Material Design on YouTube Web News Tips // Getting in Touch Have anything worth reading and writing about it, then why not send us an email to give us more details. We can't promise that everything we get will be on the top page of DeviceMAG, but we can assure you that we'll read all emails. If you want to get in touch here's where to do it: Contact us. The Team What drives us into doing what we do? It’s either passion or need. Here at DeviceMAG we take technology very serious, no matter if it’s a small gadget or a new device on the market. With a passion for everything that gets geeks high we’re here to feed you with the latest news. Read more about us. © 2008-2012 DeviceMag.com - All rights reserved | Privacy Policy
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Technology Trader The Chip Makers Versus the Oligopsonists Micron Technology has a shot at becoming a new kind of tech giant—but not just yet. By Tiernan Ray Biography December 24, 2016 Imagine you have a small group of very, very wealthy clients who are also very smart and very particular about what they want. If you have any hope of surviving, you had better get very good at tailoring your work to meet these clients’ tastes and needs. Such is the plight of traditional technology companies of all stripes, from computer memory-chip makers such as Micron Technology (ticker: MU), to software vendors like Oracle... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Where to Find Yield Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. PNC Financial: A Win-Win for Investors Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Will 2017 Be the Year of the Trump-Rooster? Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. US Foods: Cheap and Appetizing Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Defense Stocks: Raytheon, General Dynamics Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Fast Growing Companies at Value Prices 2 What to Watch for on Wall Street 3 3 ETFs for 2017: Trump and Rising Rates Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Election 2016 Polling Explorer Just In: Election 2016 What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video South Korea fines Qualcomm $854 million for violating competition laws Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Technology News | Wed Dec 28, 2016 | 4:54pm EST South Korea fines Qualcomm $854 million for violating competition laws By Se Young Lee and Stephen Nellis | SEJONG, South Korea/SAN FRANCISCO SEJONG, South Korea/SAN FRANCISCO South Korea's antitrust regulator fined Qualcomm Inc (QCOM.O) 1.03 trillion won ($854 million) for what it called unfair business practices in patent licensing and modem chip sales, a decision the U.S. chipmaker said it will challenge in court. The fine, the largest ever levied in South Korea, marks the latest antitrust setback for Qualcomm's most profitable business of licensing wireless patents to the mobile industry, at a time when the business is facing headwinds from a cooling smartphone market. Shares in Qualcomm fell 1.7 percent on Nasdaq. The Korea Fair Trade Commission (KFTC) ruled on Wednesday Qualcomm abused its dominant market position and forced handset makers to pay royalties for an unnecessarily broad set of patents as part of sales of its modem chips. Qualcomm also restricted competition by refusing or limiting licensing of its standard essential patents related to modem chips to rival chipmakers such as Intel Corp (INTC.O), Samsung Electronics Co Ltd (005930.KS) and MediaTek Inc (2454.TW), the regulator said, hindering their sales and leaving their products vulnerable to lawsuits. The regulator ordered Qualcomm to negotiate in good faith with rival chipmakers on patent licensing and renegotiate chip supply agreements with handset makers if requested -- measures that would affect the U.S. firm's dealings with major tech companies including Apple Inc (AAPL.O), Intel, Samsung and Huawei Technologies Co Ltd [HWT.UL] if upheld. The KFTC said it began its investigations into Qualcomm's practices in 2014 following complaints from industry participants, but did not name specific companies. Foreign companies including Apple, Intel, MediaTek and Huawei expressed their views during the regulator's deliberation process, KFTC Secretary General Shin Young-son told a media briefing in the country's administrative capital. "We investigated and decided on these actions because Qualcomm's actions limit overall competition," Shin said, adding that the ruling was not about protecting domestic companies such as Samsung and LG Electronics Inc (066570.KS). Qualcomm said it will file for an immediate stay of the corrective order and appeal the decision to the Seoul High Court. The firm will also appeal the amount of the fine and the method used to calculate it. "Qualcomm strongly disagrees with the KFTC’s announced decision," it said in a statement. The decision in Seoul could mean lower costs for mobile phone makers and others in the tech supply chain who source Qualcomm chips, said a Taiwanese industry executive, declining to be named due to the sensitivity of the matter. IN REGULATORY CROSSHAIRS The fine is the latest in a series of antitrust rulings and investigations faced by Qualcomm from regulators across the globe. In February 2015, Qualcomm paid a $975 million fine in China following a 14-month probe, while the European Union in December 2015 accused it of abusing its market power to thwart rivals. Stacy Rasgon, an analyst with AB Bernstein, said the fine itself was large but also said the KFTC's orders for Qualcomm to alter its business practices have bigger future implications for the chipmaker. A major challenge for Qualcomm, he said, would emerge if the ruling forces the company to license patents for some of its chips to rivals such as Intel, which has been competing hard to land its modem chips in mobile phones. The dispute could take years to play out in South Korean courts, he said. The KFTC fined Qualcomm 273 billion won in 2009 for abusing its dominant position in CDMA modem chips, which were then used in handsets made by Samsung and LG. Regulators in other jurisdictions, including the United States and Taiwan, are also investigating Qualcomm. The KFTC move could serve as a benchmark for some of them. "Korea’s decision will serve as an important reference point for us,” Chiu Yung-ho, vice chairman and spokesman for Taiwan’s Fair Trade Commission, told Reuters. He gave no timeline on when Taiwan’s own year-long investigation would be concluded. Even if the Korean decision sets a precedent for regulatory proceedings in other countries, Qualcomm's move to purchase chipmaker NXP Semiconductors (NXPI.O) for $38 billion cuts its reliance on mobile phones, said Bill Kreher, an analyst with Edward Jones. NXP takes Qualcomm into the fast-growing market for automotive chips and puts it into the chip manufacturing business. "The strategy of diversifying the company's business lines may prove to be the most prudent strategy of all," Kreher said. "Since Qualcomm has moved its dependence from royalties, further decisions from other countries such as the U.S. in the future would not impact the company much, relative to in the past." Shares of Qualcomm were down $1.16 to $66.09 in early afternoon trade. (Additional reporting by Hyunjoo Jin in SEOUL, J.R. Wu in TAIPEI, Stephen Nellis in SAN FRANCISCO and Rishika Sadam in BENGALURU) A Qualcomm sign is pictured in front of one of its many buildings in San Diego, California November 5, 2014. REUTERS/Mike Blake/File Photo Next In Technology News Samsung Electronics to reveal Galaxy Note 7 probe results this month: JoongAng Ilbo SEOUL Samsung Electronics Co Ltd will announce this month the results of an investigation into what caused some of its Galaxy Note 7 smartphones to catch fire, the JoongAng Ilbo newspaper reported on Monday citing unnamed sources. Bitcoin jumps above $1,000 for first time in three years LONDON Digital currency bitcoin kicked off the new year by jumping above $1,000 for the first time in three years late on Sunday, having outperformed all central-bank-issued currencies with a 125 percent climb in 2016. Apple to cut iPhone production in first quarter of 2017: report Apple Inc will trim production of iPhones by about 10 percent in the January-March quarter of 2017, the Nikkei financial daily reported on Thursday, citing calculations based on data from suppliers. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories FOCUS 360 Gardens glow in California light exhibit Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Skip to content SAT Press Releases pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Submit the press release Our Team & Contact Posted on December 28, 2016December 28, 2016 by Monika Donimirska Top iPhone and iPad apps of 2016: Google Trips, Prisma, Sworkit, Musical.ly and more As 2016 comes to an end, it’s time to round up some of the best iOS apps that stood out this year and graced our iPhones, iPads and other Apple devices. While developers were certainly busy releasing a flurry of exciting new apps throughout the year, there are quite a few that certainly spruced up our phones, either as new releases, popular must-haves, received a Read more => Top iPhone and iPad apps of 2016: Google Trips, Prisma, Sworkit, Musical.ly and more CategoriessatPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious 'Freedom of navigation not just for whales', says US on Chinese aircraft carrier drill Next PostNext Olivier Giroud confirms he is close to signing a new contract with Arsenal Search Search for: Search Submit the press release now! Recent Posts NOAA GOES-R satellite black wing ready for flight January 3, 2017 Whale of a target: Harpooning space debris January 3, 2017 NOAA’s GOES-R satellite Magnetometer ready for spacecraft integration January 3, 2017 Satellite galaxies put astronomers in a spin January 3, 2017 World’s first ZigBee-based inter-satellite comms system January 3, 2017 Proudly powered by WordPress
Pocket-lint News Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR All News Reviews Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR All Reviews Features YouTube Instagram Facebook Twitter Google+ search Phones Best Phone Cameras Fitness trackers Parent hub Smart home EE Pocket-lint Awards Apple Watch 'New Year' challenge encourages you to stick to your resolutions Max Langridge28 December 2016Fitness Trackers Apple Runs throughout January 4 opportunities to take part Facebook Twitter Pintrest LinkedIn Google+ Mail Comment Christmas has passed and now you've probably, like us, become one with the sofa because you can't move from all the food. It's time to set a New Year's resolution to drop a few pounds, then. Apple Watch Series 2 review: Fitness first If you have an Apple Watch, then it will give you a helping hand throughout January with a New Year challenge to keep all three rings closed everyday for a week in January. As of today, 28 December, you'll get a notification to take part in Apple's challenge, which will be available to take part in throughout January, starting 2 January, we're all allowed to recover from New Year's eve parties first. The notification to take part will appear 10 minutes after the first time you put your Apple Watch on, and will only appear once. The challenge will however run in the background if you happen to miss it. The challenge requires you to keep all three Activity rings closed everyday for a whole week, so if you don't manage it in the first week, you'll have three more chances to do so. This means you'll need to stay moving around for 1 minute every 12 hours, completing 30 minutes of exercise each day and meeting your own personal calorie burning goal. If you manage to complete the challenge, you'll be rewarded with a special achievement badge and some stickers in the Activity app. You've got a few days to prepare yourself until the challenge begins, so use the time wisely to finish off that cold turkey! Sections Apple Fitness Trackers Best fitness trackers 2017: The best activity bands to buy today Fitbit Charge 2 review: Taking charge Garmin Vivosmart HR+ review: A fully-packed fitness tracker The Pocket-lint guide to smartwatch etiquette Popular In Fitness Trackers On Pocket-lint Best fitness trackers 2017: The best activity bands to buy today Apple Watch 'New Year' challenge encourages you to stick to your resolutions Fitbit Flex 2 review: Simple, stylish tracking Which Fitbit is right for me? TomTom Touch review: Out of touch Best Cyber Monday 2016 UK fitness tracker deals: Garmin, Fitbit, Polar and more Fitbit steps in the real world can step up your performance in NBA 2K17 The Timex IQ+ Move is a basic fitness tracker in a sleek analogue watch body Pebble 2 review: Smart, but not fancy Huawei Fit delivers heart-rate monitor in a watch-style fitness tracker HTC Ocean Note could be called the U Ultra LG launches Super UHD TVs with Nano Cell technology for more accurate colours Best smartphones to look forward to in 2017 Best fitness trackers 2017: The best activity bands to buy today Best smartwatches to look forward to in 2017 Dell unveils XPS 13 2-in-1 laptop at CES 2017 CES 2017: What is it and what to expect BlackBerry users get reprieve from WhatsApp cutoff New Samsung Galaxy A series to fill gap until Galaxy S8, spec and release date revealed Whoa! Is Nissan about to add Microsoft Cortana to its cars? Comments search News All news Reviews Hands-on All reviews Features Buyer's guides Vs All features Sections Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR Popular Brands Apple Samsung HTC Microsoft Google Facebook Lego Panasonic LG Amazon Extras & Social Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Google+ YouTube Events Pocket-lint Gadget Awards Regulars Comps Copyright Pocket-lint ltd 2003 - 2017 Site map Contact us About us Reviews policy Site policy Advertise on Pocket-lint
Find Rates Calculators Home Rates Calculators   Mortgages Mortgage Rates Compare Mortgage Rates Mortgage Calculator Mortgage News Veteran Homebuyer Central Mortgage Lender Reviews Home Equity Loans Reverse Mortgage Loans Calculators The Home Hacker Refinance Refinance Channel Refinance Rates Refinance Calculator Refinance Mortgage Auto Loan Refinance Bank Rates CD Rates Savings & Money Market Checking Current Rates Savings Calculator Bank Ratings Calculators Power Up! Blog Credit Cards 0% APR Balance Transfer Travel & Airline Cash Back Rewards Business Fair Credit Bad Credit Best Credit Cards Game of Loans Blog Personal Loans Get Matched - LoanMatch™ Personal Loan Calculator Debt Consolidation Loans Home Improvement Loans Bad Credit Personal Loans Auto Auto Center Auto Loans Personal Loans Auto Loan Calculator Calculators Retirement Retirement Home Senior Living Retirement Calculators Investments Brokerage Accounts CD Rates Investment Calculators One to a Million Blog Financial Planning Election 2016 The Cashlorette Blog Identity Protection Mastering your Money Debt Management Student Loans Tips from Jean Chatzky Calculators Certified Financial Planner Mobile Finance   advertisement Investing Blog Finance Blogs » Investing Blog » Market takes a bite out of Apple Market takes a bite out of Apple By Mark Hamrick · Bankrate.com Wednesday, April 27, 2016 Posted: 12 pm ET Tweet Email Tweet Email One of the consistent champions of the technology world has been dealt a rare setback in the marketplace and the stock market. Apple, among a group of tech companies regarded as market leaders, saw shares decline sharply a day after reporting its 1st drop in quarterly revenue in 13 years. Westend61/Getty Images RATE SEARCH: Shop today for a personal loan to buy cool stuff. A big mouth to feed In early trading after the earnings report, Apple shares were down 7%, while its market capitalization (or the total value of its stocks) stood at more than $500 billion. That's the highest in the market, ahead of Google's Alphabet and Microsoft. For years now, Apple has managed to ride above a wave of expectations linked to something close to perfection. Let's not forget: It is still highly profitable, just not quite so much as before. 8 consecutive years of sales growth for the iPhone helped to fuel those expectations. So has the company's remarkable ability to innovate and earn brand loyalty in ways that many other enterprises can only dream about. The iPhone faces challenges, not the least of which is the fact that mobile carriers and consumers have transitioned away from the subsidized-phone strategy. With that, more consumers are opting to keep their smartphones, including iPhones, just a bit longer. Do they really need to upgrade every 2 years as before? Upgrades not sufficient In the market for tablets, the iPad's recent upgrades haven't added sufficient value or capability to compel existing customers to upgrade or others to purchase for the first time. And like the smartphone market, there are many good products available at lower prices. The same thing holds true for laptop (and desktop) computers, for the diminishing numbers of people buying those for personal use. Great products, but pricey The Apple Watch has drawn mixed responses from consumers who wonder whether their money (at $300 and up) was well spent. If one is only looking for a fitness monitor, there are substantially less expensive devices available. Apple TV, same thing. All excellent products, but they're often expensive relative to devices available from rivals. Fans will always be there There's little doubt that Apple will continue to drive sales to those who are huge fans of the brand and its remarkably seamless technological ecosystem. But those aspects alone may not be sufficient to match traditional expectations for the company, at least for now. It will need to continue to innovate with products that appeal to consumers around the globe that can deliver with higher price points. Regarding iPhone, let's see what the next product cycle looks like and whether that can take sales to a higher level. Related posts: Rival taking a bite out of Apple Pay? Can you spot the next Apple? Apple debuts new mobile wallet Apple Pay Rent an Apple Watch before buying Apple Watch: Reason to use Apple Pay? « Free dinner for you; your savings for them Investors brace for election uncertainty » Bankrate wants to hear from you and encourages comments. We ask that you stay on topic, respect other people's opinions, and avoid profanity, offensive statements, and illegal content. Please keep in mind that we reserve the right to (but are not obligated to) edit or delete your comments. Please avoid posting private or confidential information, and also keep in mind that anything you post may be disclosed, published, transmitted or reused. By submitting a post, you agree to be bound by Bankrate's terms of use. Please refer to Bankrate's privacy policy for more information regarding Bankrate's privacy practices. 1 Comment Add a comment (Comments may take 5-10 minutes to appear) Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) E-mail (required) Compare Rates» Mortgage Rates 30 year fixed 15 year fixed 5/1 ARM 7/1 ARM 30 year Jumbo 5/1 ARM (IO) 30 year FHA 30 year fixed refi 15 year fixed refi See all Mortgages High Yield CD and MMA Rates 6 month CD 1 year CD 2 year CD 3 year CD 1 year Jumbo CD 3 year jumbo CD 5 year IRA CD MMAs See all CDs See all MMAs Other Rates Home Equity Credit Cards Auto Insurance Local CDs Checking College Finance Personal Loans Credit Unions Local MMAs Latest Blogs INVESTING 5 charts to watch as impact of Trump win unfolds INVESTING An investing lesson -- from Cubs fans INVESTING Are you dancing in the market with Tina? INVESTING We love real estate, but does it really pay? advertisement Today's Top Stories   Top 10 real estate tips for 2017 These 10 states are the highest for the minimum wage 10 most popular things credit card crooks buy 7 easy ways to boost your retirement saving in 2017 These are the 10 best states for drivers advertisement About this index Overnight Averages Mortgage Home Equity Auto CDs Credit Cards View rates in your area: View rates in your area: View rates in your area: Compare rates: -- select -- 6 Mo CD 1 Yr CD 5 Yr CD 1 Yr Jumbo CD MMA MMA Jumbo 3 Mo CD Compare rates: -- select -- Card type Credit type Issuers   Bankrate's FREE Content Center Mortgage Calculator Calculate your monthly mortgage payment. CD Rate Averages Compare rates daily across CD & Investment products. Refinance Stories Displays refinance-related stories and articles.   Contributors View all contributors Claes Bell , CFA, is the mobile editor for Bankrate.com. He is a co-author of “Future Millionaires’ Guidebook,” available at all major e-book retailers. Posts | E-mail | Bio advertisement Connect with us             About us Advertise with Bankrate Partners Press Room Investor Relations Free Content Center Contact Us Sitemap Newsletters Understanding Bankrate's rate averages © 2017 Bankrate, LLC All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy/Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Bankrate.com is an independent, advertising-supported publisher and comparison service. Bankrate may be compensated in exchange for featured placement of certain sponsored products and services, or your clicking on certain links posted on this website.
Technology Science Culture Video Reviews Magazine More Business Security Space Podcasts Events Innovation Awards Subscribe About CULTURE Untitled-1 Follow Newsletter Sign Up Untitled-1 00/00 Wearable tech could knock out concussions from contact sports Wearable tech could knock out concussions from contact sports The WIRED World in 2017 1 minute ago Pics or it didn't happen: welcome to the post-reality world in 2017 Pics or it didn't happen: welcome to the post-reality world in 2017 The WIRED World in 2017 1 day ago Want to get fit? Try a DNA-themed personalised fitness camp Want to get fit? Try a DNA-themed personalised fitness camp Gear 1 day ago Samsung unveils its new water-resistant Galaxy phones Samsung unveils its new water-resistant Galaxy phones CES 2017 1 day ago 2017's next big fitness craze? Performance-enhancing drugs 2017's next big fitness craze? Performance-enhancing drugs The WIRED World in 2017 1 day ago The best games, comics, films, and TV coming in 2017 The best games, comics, films, and TV coming in 2017 Culture 1 day ago This is the man who decides what your next Netflix obsession will be This is the man who decides what your next Netflix obsession will be Tastemakers 3 days ago Can you guess our emoji predictions for 2017? Can you guess our emoji predictions for 2017? Emoji 26 Dec 2016 The best games, comics, film, and TV of 2016 The best games, comics, film, and TV of 2016 Film 2 days ago Raspberry Pi: the best projects to get started with the Pi 3 Raspberry Pi: the best projects to get started with the Pi 3 Raspberry Pi 12 Sep 2016 The architectural highlights to look forward to in 2017 The architectural highlights to look forward to in 2017 The WIRED World in 2017 6 items 1 day ago From head transplants to space tourism: the innovations set to change the world in 2017 From head transplants to space tourism: the innovations set to change the world in 2017 The WIRED World in 2017 11 items 1 day ago Jeff Bezos, Donald Trump and Brexit are all a mess – but that's the key to their success Jeff Bezos, Donald Trump and Brexit are all a mess – but that's the key to their success The WIRED World in 2017 5 days ago The most-read WIRED stories of 2016 The most-read WIRED stories of 2016 Magazine 2 days ago 2016's most important news, remembered in haikus 2016's most important news, remembered in haikus The best of 2016 2 days ago The threat of AI taking our jobs has been exaggerated. The future is in the 'human services cloud' The threat of AI taking our jobs has been exaggerated. The future is in the 'human services cloud' Work 5 days ago How to get early access to Android software before it's released How to get early access to Android software before it's released Google 25 Dec 2016 How to hack your memory and remember almost anything How to hack your memory and remember almost anything WIRED Next Generation 2016 05 Nov 2016 Why 2017 will be the year you'll finally ditch your bank Why 2017 will be the year you'll finally ditch your bank The WIRED World in 2017 4 days ago Cocaine, tug boats and tip offs: the inside story of the largest drug bust in UK history Cocaine, tug boats and tip offs: the inside story of the largest drug bust in UK history Crime 21 Dec 2016 The best Amazon Echo skills to control your entire home The best Amazon Echo skills to control your entire home Amazon Echo 23 Dec 2016 Welcome to CodeYourFuture, the UK's only refugee coding school Welcome to CodeYourFuture, the UK's only refugee coding school Refugees 26 Dec 2016 Big Picture: Moore's Law in action Big Picture: Moore's Law in action WIRED Big Picture 25 Dec 2016 Technology Science Culture Video Reviews Magazine Business Security Space Podcasts Events Innovation Awards Subscribe About Follow wired Newsletter Sign Up Top stories Wearable tech could knock out concussions from contact sports Wearable tech could knock out concussions from contact sports The WIRED World in 2017 1 minute ago Pics or it didn't happen: welcome to the post-reality world in 2017 Pics or it didn't happen: welcome to the post-reality world in 2017 The WIRED World in 2017 1 day ago Want to get fit? Try a DNA-themed personalised fitness camp Want to get fit? Try a DNA-themed personalised fitness camp Gear 1 day ago Samsung unveils its new water-resistant Galaxy phones Samsung unveils its new water-resistant Galaxy phones CES 2017 1 day ago 2017's next big fitness craze? Performance-enhancing drugs 2017's next big fitness craze? Performance-enhancing drugs The WIRED World in 2017 1 day ago The best games, comics, films, and TV coming in 2017 The best games, comics, films, and TV coming in 2017 Culture 1 day ago This is the man who decides what your next Netflix obsession will be This is the man who decides what your next Netflix obsession will be Tastemakers 3 days ago Can you guess our emoji predictions for 2017? Can you guess our emoji predictions for 2017? Emoji 26 Dec 2016 The best games, comics, film, and TV of 2016 The best games, comics, film, and TV of 2016 Film 2 days ago Raspberry Pi: the best projects to get started with the Pi 3 Raspberry Pi: the best projects to get started with the Pi 3 Raspberry Pi 12 Sep 2016 The architectural highlights to look forward to in 2017 The architectural highlights to look forward to in 2017 The WIRED World in 2017 6 items 1 day ago From head transplants to space tourism: the innovations set to change the world in 2017 From head transplants to space tourism: the innovations set to change the world in 2017 The WIRED World in 2017 11 items 1 day ago Jeff Bezos, Donald Trump and Brexit are all a mess – but that's the key to their success Jeff Bezos, Donald Trump and Brexit are all a mess – but that's the key to their success The WIRED World in 2017 5 days ago The most-read WIRED stories of 2016 The most-read WIRED stories of 2016 Magazine 2 days ago 2016's most important news, remembered in haikus 2016's most important news, remembered in haikus The best of 2016 2 days ago The threat of AI taking our jobs has been exaggerated. The future is in the 'human services cloud' The threat of AI taking our jobs has been exaggerated. The future is in the 'human services cloud' Work 5 days ago How to get early access to Android software before it's released How to get early access to Android software before it's released Google 25 Dec 2016 How to hack your memory and remember almost anything How to hack your memory and remember almost anything WIRED Next Generation 2016 05 Nov 2016 Why 2017 will be the year you'll finally ditch your bank Why 2017 will be the year you'll finally ditch your bank The WIRED World in 2017 4 days ago Cocaine, tug boats and tip offs: the inside story of the largest drug bust in UK history Cocaine, tug boats and tip offs: the inside story of the largest drug bust in UK history Crime 21 Dec 2016 The best Amazon Echo skills to control your entire home The best Amazon Echo skills to control your entire home Amazon Echo 23 Dec 2016 Welcome to CodeYourFuture, the UK's only refugee coding school Welcome to CodeYourFuture, the UK's only refugee coding school Refugees 26 Dec 2016 Big Picture: Moore's Law in action Big Picture: Moore's Law in action WIRED Big Picture 25 Dec 2016 Culture WIRED Awake: 10 must-read articles for December 28 Carrie Fisher has died following a heart attack, Google has adapted its search algorithm to suppress false information By WIRED 5 days ago By WIRED Wednesday 28 December 2016 Your WIRED daily briefing. Today, Star Wars actor Carrie Fisher has died following a heart attack, Google has adapted its search algorithm to suppress false information, Apple has for the first time published its artificial intelligence research and more. ADVERTISEMENT Get WIRED Awake sent straight to your inbox every weekday morning by 8am. Click here to sign up to the WIRED Awake newsletter. 1. Carrie Fisher has died aged 60 Carrie Fisher died yesterday, December 27, following a heart attack on a flight from London to Los Angeles on December 23 (People Magazine). The 60-year-old was best known for her role as Princess Leia Organa in the Star Wars films, and is also reported to have been an influential Hollywood script doctor throughout the 90s. A statement on behalf of Fisher's daughter said that: “It is with a very deep sadness that Billie Lourd confirms that her beloved mother Carrie Fisher passed away at 8:55 this morning,” reads the statement. She was loved by the world and she will be missed profoundly. Our entire family thanks you for your thoughts and prayers.” Read more The best games, comics, films, and TV coming in 2017 The best games, comics, films, and TV coming in 2017 By Matt Kamen 2. New Google search algorithm limits reach of holocaust denial sites Google has adapted its search algorithm so that holocaust denial and anti-semitic sites are no longer appear as top search results when users research the subject (Gizmodo). The modifications to the algorithm, which now suppresses "non-authoritative information" to "help surface more high quality, credible content on the web", were made after a furore over white supremacist site Stormfront appearing as the first search result in response to "did the Holocaust happen?" However, the algorithm still surfaces disinformation for other questions - Gizmodo notes that "when you google 'are black people inferior?' the first result is still racist." 3. Apple publishes first AI research As promised earlier this month, Apple has begun publishing research produced by its Artificial Intelligence team (Engadget). The team's first paper deals with a method of training a neural net to recognise objects by showing it simulated images, rather than photographs. While this has the potential to be faster, as simulated images don't have to be manually tagged, they often bear insufficiently close resemblance to the real world object they're trying to depict. Apple's solution involves using two neural networks, one of which trains itself to improve the quality of its simulated images until a second 'discriminator' network no longer rejects them due to lack of realism. 4. Cheetahs are facing extinction According to a new report, there are just 7,100 cheetahs left in the wild, putting the species in danger of imminent extinction (BBC). Cheetahs have large ranges, which means that 77 per cent of their habitat falls outside wildlife parks and other protected areas, and also causes them to frequently come into contact with humans. Another key threat to the species is the trafficking of cubs - around 1,200 are known to have been trafficked in the past decade, about 1,000 of which died en route. ADVERTISEMENT Read more Wang Jianlin: the Godfather of China's Hollywood Wang Jianlin: the Godfather of China's Hollywood By Kathryn Nave 5. Alternative Android maker Cyanogen shuts down OS development Cyanogen Inc has announced that it's shutting down development of all its mobile operating systems, along with all updates and nightly builds for existing customers (CNET). Phones which use Cyanogen OS - a fork of Google's Android - include the OnePlus One and Lenovo ZUK Z1. Users will have to switch to the open source CyanogenMod. However, CyanogenMod developers have announced a new Android distribution called Lineage, which may be set to supersede Cyanogen's open source incarnation. 6. WIRED guide: We run down the worst security breaches of 2016 and reveal how to stay safe in 2017 Over the last 12 months, billions of website and app user details have been exposed and made available online, including names, email addresses, passwords, security questions, telephone numbers and much more. WIRED runs down some of the biggest hacks that have been revealed over the past 12 months, from Yahoo - twice - to LinkedIn and Adult Friend Finder. We'll also arm you with the core advice to keep yourself as safe as possible. 7. Land snails have weaponised their shells Certain species of land snail have developed the ability to fend off attacks from the predatory carabid beetle (Gizmodo). A new study reveals that both the Japanese (Karaftohelix gainesi) and Russian (Karaftohelix selskii) land snails have evolved to knock beetles out of the way, defending themselves so effectively that the predator gives up and goes looking for softer targets. The two species evolved independently and lead author Yuta Morii writes that "the difference in their defensive behaviors is also reflected in their shell morphology, indicating that their behaviors and shell shapes are interrelated to optimize the preferred defense strategy." ADVERTISEMENT Read more The best games, comics, film, and TV of 2016 The best games, comics, film, and TV of 2016 By Matt Kamen 8. First Alien: Covenant trailer shows off its action credentials 20th Century Fox has released the first, rather bloody trailer for Ridley Scott's Alien: Covenant, showcasing the film's cast, as well as giving us a glimpse of the new neomorph version of the iconic aliens (Ars Technica). The trailer makes clear the Prometheus sequel's action movie status, with plenty of yelling and explosions, plus a rather inexplicable - and messily interrupted - shower-sex scene. Covenant comes to UK cinemas on May 19, 2017. 9. Animated storyboard hints at third season shocks for Rick & Morty Animated storyboard footage taken from an Adult Swim livestream shows cult adult cartoon favourites Rick & Morty becoming disillusioned with the wild adventures that have taken them careening around space and through parallel universes for the past two seasons of the show (io9). The clip appears to show an unprecedented departure from Rick's usual cynically unflappable character as the pair despair over the futility of their adventures. Season three of Rick & Morty is due for release in early 2017. 10. Watch a free anime prequel to Gravity Rush 2 Sony has released Gravity Rush - Overture, a two part, 20 minute anime that bridges the gap between the original game and its forthcoming sequel (Kotaku). Produced by Studio Khara, the anime follows Kat, the games' gravity-bending protagonist. The first Gravity Rush came out on the PS Vita handheld in 2012, with a remastered edition released on PS4 earlier this year. Gravity Rush 2 is due out next month in Japan and in February across Europe. ADVERTISEMENT Popular on WIRED Distant black hole may disprove Einstein's theory of relativity More than 26,000 light years away, deep within the heart of our galaxy, lies Sagittarius A* - four million Suns' worth of unseen mass concentrated into an area just nine times the size. Sheperd Doeleman, assistant director of the MIT Haystack Observatory, believes this mysterious entity is a supermassive black hole - and he's building a telescope the size of the Earth to prove it. "We have good evidence there are black holes at the centre of galaxies just from the orbits of stars around them, but we've never actually seen one," he explains. "The magnifying power required is equivalent to that needed to pick out a grapefruit on the surface of the Moon from Earth." WIRED​ ​01.17​ ​–​ ​on​ ​sale​ ​now This month's double-issue of WIRED is all about the 'tastemakers' – the behind-the-scenes figures who decide what we watch, read and listen to, from Lucasfilm's Kathleen Kennedy to Drake. We also go inside Sellafield and its clean-up mission, and discover the fascinating story behind the £500 million cocaine haul; the UK's largest drug bust. Out now in print, iPad and iPhone. Subscribe now and save. Podcast 299: Uber woes, 2016's top cultural picks Listen now, subscribe via RSS or add to iTunes. Get social. Follow WIRED on Facebook, Instagram, Twitter and YouTube. Share this article RECOMMENDED WIRED Awake: 10 must-read articles for 28 December WIRED Awake: 10 must-read articles for 28 December By WIRED Business 28 Dec 2015 WIRED Awake: 10 must-read articles for July 6 WIRED Awake: 10 must-read articles for July 6 By WIRED Wired Awake 06 Jul 2016 WIRED Awake: 10 must-read articles for December 2 WIRED Awake: 10 must-read articles for December 2 By WIRED WIRED Awake 02 Dec 2016 WIRED Awake: 10 must-read articles for June 28 WIRED Awake: 10 must-read articles for June 28 By WIRED Wired Awake 28 Jun 2016 Privacy policy and cookie statement Terms & conditions Careers Contact © Condé Nast UK 2017
null
Login All Reviews Editorials News Happy 2017 from The Mac Observer! Want to Edit Your Tweets? Let Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey Know AirPods Production in Overtime to Cut Shipping Delays Tips Tip: Fix The Vincedes3 iMessage-Crashing Bug With One Tap AirPods: Useful Siri Commands and Other Tips Podcasts Happy New Year from Your Two Favorite Geeks – Mac Geek Gab 638 Apple's Unused Patent Lawsuit, Twitter Features We Want - TMO Daily Observations 2016-12-30 View All Results → iKlip Grip Pro an Excellent Multifunction Tripod, Monopod, Selfie Stick Minix NEO C Mini USB-C to HDMI: Low Cost, Low Weight Just Mobile's AluCharge 4-Port USB-A Charger Falls Just Short Matias Wireless Aluminum Keyboard: The Apple Keyboard You've Been Looking For Brydge 12.9 Aluminum Keyboard for iPad Pro Exudes Class View All Reviews → My 3 Favorite iOS Apps From 2016 Apple Sued for Not Including Patented Technology in iPhone Resolve to Back Up Your Mac in 2017 macOS Sierra: Best Listener Yet How to Decipher Apple's Conflicting Messaging About Macs View All Editorials → Apple May Add 5-inch Screen to the 2017 iPhone Lineup Jeff Gamet @jgamet · +Jeff Gamet Dec 27th, 2016 7:08 PM EST | News Apple is adding a 5-inch model to its iPhone lineup in 2017, or so the latest supply chain report claims. Assuming the sources are right, that would give Apple four different smartphone screen sizes starting at 4-inches for the iPhone SE, and topping out at 5.5-inches for the iPhone 7 Plus. Apple may add a 5-inch display to the iPhone lineup in 2017 According to unnamed supply chain sources speaking with Macotakara, this new model will sit between what will be the 4.7-inch iPhone 7s and 5.5-inch iPhone 7s Plus, and will sport dual vertically aligned cameras. They don’t expect to see any additional features to set it apart from the other models. While it’s possible Apple is planning to add a new screen size to the iPhone lineup, it’s a little premature to take that as fact. So far, we have the word of an unnamed supply channel source and nothing else to go on. Apple, just like other companies, tests product designs that never ship, which could be what’s happening here. It’s also possible the sources are misinterpreting the information they have. More iPhone screen size reports Reports of a 5-inch iPhone model started circulating a couple months ago, so it isn’t too surprising to see another report pop up now. That said, we’ve also seen reports that Apple will introduce a 5.8-inch iPhone next fall, too. If both of the rumors are true, that would give Apple 4-inch, 4.7-inch, 5-inch, 5.5-inch, and 6.8-inch iPhone models—which doesn’t seem likely assuming the company learned its lesson about expanding product lineups too much back in the 1990s with the Performa, Centris, and Quadra Mac mess. What we know for sure is that Apple is always working on new product design ideas, and that the company typically introduces new iPhone models in September. Everything else that’s coming out—ranging from new display sizes to curved glass—is rumor and speculation at this point. That said, we were hearing about legit iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus features by this time last lear, so it’s possible Apple really does have a new screen size coming next year. Unless Apple gets better at stopping product leaks we’ll have a really good idea what to expect from the next iPhone models by summer, and September’s media event will amount to little more than a formal unveiling. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit More Email Print Tumblr Tags: 2017 iPhone, display Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials My 3 Favorite iOS Apps From 2016 Andrew Orr | December 30, 2016 Apple Sued for Not Including Patented Technology in iPhone Bryan Chaffin | December 29, 2016 TMO Weekly Sponsor Have a tech question? Visit our Mac Geek Gab Facebook Group and have the tech support brilliance of the entire Mac Geek Gab community at your fingertips! Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $115.82 -0.91 (-0.78%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » Happy 2017 from The Mac Observer! Want to Edit Your Tweets? Let Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey Know AirPods Production in Overtime to Cut Shipping Delays Samsung Galaxy Note 7 Brick Update Starts Rolling Out Samsung Reportedly Supplying Apple with 5.8-inch Displays for Next iPhone Recent Tips See All » Tip: Fix The Vincedes3 iMessage-Crashing Bug With One Tap AirPods: Useful Siri Commands and Other Tips iOS 10: How to Prioritize Downloads macOS: Merging Calendars How to Transfer Files Between Mac and iPhone With iTunes Recent Editorials See All » My 3 Favorite iOS Apps From 2016 Apple Sued for Not Including Patented Technology in iPhone Resolve to Back Up Your Mac in 2017 macOS Sierra: Best Listener Yet How to Decipher Apple's Conflicting Messaging About Macs 8422 Jeff Gamet news 0 1482865730 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Archive 2015 Archive 2014 Archive 2013 Archive 2012 Archive 2011 Archive View Full Archive Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
FIRSTPOST TECH2 FAKING NEWS फर्स्टपोस्ट हिंदी News & Analysis Reviews Startup Gaming Biztech Auto Videos TechFirstpost most commented BHIM app review: App for cashless payments launched by Prime Minister Narendra Modi By Aditya Madanapalle 24   Comments Apple’s made-in-India iPhone: This is what makes Bengaluru so special By Anirudh Regidi 24   Comments Microsoft Surface Phone photos leaked; comes with “Surface Phone” branding By tech2 News Staff 5   Comments Here is how to get official Android Nougat 7.0 based OxygenOS Open Beta 9 on your OnePlus 3 By Rehan Hooda 4   Comments BHIM app faces high server loads on launch day By tech2 News Staff 3   Comments more from #Samsung Samsung launches Galaxy A (2017) series smartphones with USB Type-C and water-resistant body Apple to cut production iPhone by 10 percent because of sluggish demand: report Samsung will reveal Galaxy Note 7 investigation report this month Top Reviews Pixel XL (32GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 67,000 iPhone 7 Plus (256GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 92,000 ThinkPad X1 Carbon (Core i5-6300U) Editor rating : 8 Price: 106,000 XPS 13 Core i7 (Z560035HIN9) Editor rating : 8 Price: 133,000 Z2 Plus (4GB RAM/64GB) Editor rating : 7.5 Price: 19,999 You are here: Home > News & Analysis> Tech in 2016: Samsung’s ship went up high, but crashed fatally #Samsung Image: Reuters 0 By Kunal Khullar /  28 Dec 2016 , 12:38 The year is coming to an end. We saw some great highs in the tech industry and well, some embarrassing lows. Speaking of which, Samsung had a very memorable year or shall I say explosive? The Korean tech giant started off quite well, and it seemed to be all prepared and loaded. However the second half was probably a nightmare for the company. Samsung lead smartphone sales in India In the second quarter of 2016, Samsung had already made a stronghold in the Indian market. According to market research firm IDC, Samsung was the top vendor with market share of 25.1 percent. This meant a 10.9 percent sequential growth over previous quarter and 15 percent growth from the same period last year. The reason for its success was not only the flagship products, but also the updated versions of J2, J5 and J7 that were released on that period. The not only put Samsung ahead of local competitor Micromax, but it beat Chinese device makers as well as its biggest rival, Apple. Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 edge were well received Samsung announced the Galaxy S7 and the S7 Edge in March 2016 and in my opinion they were and are still the best smartphones in the market today. Praised for their beautiful design language, great performance and a worthy camera, they had a huge impact on the company’s business. Getting a beating from Apple and Chinese rivals like Huawei and Xiaomi, Samsung’s mobile division didn’t do all that well in 2015. Thanks to the new flagship though, Samsung’s second-quarter operating profit for 2016 rose 17.4 percent from a year earlier. It was also the highest earnings in more than two years as the Galaxy S7 smartphone sales propelled mobile earnings. According to a report, the company shipped 13.3 million Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge devices and 11.8 million Galaxy S7 devices in the first half of 2016. The numbers clearly made the Galaxy S7 Edge the most popular smartphone of its time. Before the company could celebrate, it still had a big task ahead of itself. As Apple was preparing to launch the new iPhone 7, Samsung had to start rushing for its flagship phablet, the Galaxy Note 7. The Note series has been one of the most popular offerings from Samsung and this year it had to make it big. In fact it did make it big. The Galaxy Note 7 was announced in August, exactly a month before Apple announced its new flagships. The new Note 7 was quite something. In fact, I had a chance to use the smartphone for a short bit when it was announced in India. It shared a number of elements from the Galaxy S7, including the fully waterproof glass and metal build, a curved Super AMOLED display, a good camera and also the addition of an iris-scanner. The package was worth the money. The Galaxy Note 7 fiasco Soon after its announcement, the phablet had started selling in a few markets. It wasn’t even a month and about 30 different reports of certain units catching fire started to trickle in. The number of such report started increasing and due to this issue, the first stock for India was delayed. Samsung even issued a statement confirming the battery malfunction issue. Samsung immediately started sending out replacement units to Note 7 consumers. Sadly, the second and even third replacement units were still catching fire. It was a complete disaster. The smartphone was banned from flights and announcements were made advising Galaxy Note 7 users to not use the handset while travelling. Image: Hui Renjie After numerous replacements, the company had no choice but to announce a global recall of the smartphone. One of the biggest in consumer electronics history. It sent out boxes to consumers asking them to return the handset as it was a serious threat. It even announced and rolled out software updates to restrict battery charging, alas the Galaxy Note 7 had to be killed. As for Indian consumers who pre-ordered the device, they were offered a cashback and an option to buy the Galaxy S7 Edge along with the Gear VR headset. From what I last heard, Samsung managed to recall about 90 percent of Galaxy Note 7 units. As for the remaining, the company is going to release a compulsory software update that will brick the smartphone making it useless. Instead of capitalising, Samsung served an advantage to Apple on a shiny platter. A report suggested that Samsung incurred a loss of $3 billion. Even the washing machines exploded Samsung’s woes didn’t end there. During the whole Note 7 fiasco, the US Consumer Product Safety Commission (CPSC) issued a warning that certain models of Samsung top-loading washing machines have safety issues. Apparently they were blowing up as well. Samsung issued a statement on the matter saying, “In rare cases, affected units may experience abnormal vibrations that could pose a risk of personal injury or property damage when washing bedding, bulky or water-resistant items.” According to a report, at least 21 Samsung washing machines had blown up. If you make a graph for Samsung in 2016 it will be pretty straightforward. A big rise and an equally big fall. The coming year will be crucial for Samsung, as it has lost a lot of credibility. Consumers are now refraining from buying Samsung products because they want to ‘blow up’ their money. We are anticipating the new Galaxy S8 in early 2017 and hopefully Samsung has done its homework and made sure the batteries are solid. Tags: Galaxy Note 7, Galaxy S7, Galaxy S7 edge, Note 7 fiasco, Samsung, Samsung Galaxy Note 7, Samsung washing machines, Tech in 2016 Also read The Samsung Galaxy Note 7 Fiasco: A blow by blow account Following Galaxy Note 7 recall, Samsung recalls 2.8 million washing machines in the US X Recommended For You Samsung launches Galaxy A (2017) series smartphones with USB Type-C and water-resistant body Apple to cut production iPhone by 10 percent because of sluggish demand: report Samsung will reveal Galaxy Note 7 investigation report this month The Samsung Galaxy Note 7 Fiasco: A blow by blow account Subscribe to our newsletter GO You are Now Subscribed to our Newsletter - Stay Tuned ! FOLLOW US ON Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. LAPTOP Reviews Rating : 7.5 / 10 Acer Aspire S13 review: This might just be the best Windows-based Ultrabook in its price range Rating : 7 / 10 Asus ROG G551VW review: An excellent balance of price and performance Rating : 5.5 / 10 iBall Compbook Excelance review: Cheap and built to match Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus EeeBook X205TA review: For students on a budget; but low storage and no USB 3.0 port are downers #Nasa Jan 2, 2017 Nasa’s Neowise mission discovers a comet that may be visible from the first week of 2017 #presidential election Jan 2, 2017 US releases 13-page long analysis report detailing Russia’s role in presidential election hacking #Partnered Dec 29, 2016 Your guide to be a Selfie Expert #Apple Jan 2, 2017 Apple’s parts supplier Wistron looking for permission to expand in Bengaluru #Hyundai Jan 2, 2017 Hyundai Tucson update to get new fuel-cell to improve range #BHIM Jan 2, 2017 BHIM App is the leader in the ‘Top Free Apps’ category on the Google Play Store SMARTPHONE Reviews Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus ZenFone 3 Laser Review: Borderline decent smartphone, with an unfortunate price tag Rating : 6.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime: Great battery life; but competition offers better value for money Rating : 5.5 / 10 Karbonn Quattro L52 VR Review: Don’t bother buying this Rating : 7 / 10 Honor 5C review: A well-balanced device that lacks any defining quality T & C Policy Contact Us फर्स्टपोस्ट हिन्दी Copyright © 2017 Tech2.com
News Reviews Tech Tips Galleries Buying Guides Videos Talking Points SEARCH HOT GADGETS Nubia Z11 Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Google Pixel Moto Z Play Xiaomi Mi Mix OnePlus 3T Motorola Moto M Moto G4, G4 Plus now receiving Android 7.0 Nougat update in India Snapdeal to deliver Reliance Jio SIM to your doorstep Moto X Play out of stock, may never return to sale again Moto Z starts receiving Nougat update in India Home > Technology > Samsung Galaxy S8 to have Bixby voice assistant for all native apps Priya Pathak   |   @Priyapathakview Last Updated: DEC 28, 2016 New Delhi Email Author Apple has Siri, Microsoft has Cortana and now Samsung will have Bixby, it's very own AI based voice assistant. The functionality will debut with Samsung's upcoming flagship phone Galaxy S8 and may replace company's old S Voice from almost all its pre-installed native applications. The Galaxy S8 will come pre-installed with Bixby. Samsung recently acquired Viv Labs, an artificial intelligence start up founded by the creators of Apple's voice assistant Siri. The same post also suggests that Bixby will be superior than S Voice in terms of functionality. For example- user can ask Bixby to show any particular image in the Gallery app just like the Google photos or Apple;s photos app. Also Read: Samsung Galaxy S8 will focus on better hardware, may come with 6GB RAM Samsung few months ago had confirmed that it will use Viv's technology to build an AI assistant for Galaxy S8. Rumours also suggest that the handset will have 'Bixby' as the female AI and 'Kestra' as the male voice assistant. As per few reports, the company has even filed a trademark protection to ensure that no other company uses Bixby and Kestra. Rumours around the Galaxy S8 have been going around for some time now. Samsung will reportedly launch the Galaxy S8 on February 26 at its next Galaxy Unpacked event in Barcelona. Reportedly, the phone will sport a bezel-less screen and will have no physical home button.  It is likely to be powered by Qualcomm's next-generation Snapdragon 830 and/or Samsung's next-generation Exynos processor. The Galaxy S8 will possibly house a 6GB RAM and 256 GB ROM. It is likely come with a fingerprint sensing display and dual camera set up on the back. A 12-megapixel accompanied by another 13-megapixel camera sensor on the rear and an 8-megapixel camera on the front. The smartphone will be released in two sizes - 5.1-inch and 5.5-inch sizes. The Galaxy S8 can be a game changer for Samsung which at present has lost its reputation due to the Galaxy Note 7 battery issues. The global recall of the Galaxy Note 7 across the markets in the world has also hit Samsung financially. Also Read: Samsung working on two Galaxy S8, both with curved displays For more news from India Today, follow us on Twitter @IndiaTodayTech and on Facebook at facebook.com/indiatodaytech For news and videos in Hindi, go to AajTak.in.ताज़ातरीन ख़बरों और वीडियो के लिए आजतक.इन पर आएं.   Most Read Legion hackers: Who are they and how they are hacking Indian Twitter celebrities Android malware Gooligan affects over 1 million Google accounts iPhone 8: Everything you need to know about anniversary-special Apple phone OnePlus 3T review: Best phone in India right now Reviews Lenovo K6 Note review: Another Note in the wall Coolpad Note 3S Review: Looks good, runs fine LG V20 Review: Android Nougat supercharged Moto Z Play review: Die another day Asus ZenFone 3 Ultra review: The Director's Cut of smartphones VIDEOS Coolpad Cool 1 First Look 5 things you should know before ordering cash through Snapdeal Asus ZenFone 3 Ultra review more Tech Tips Tips to take stunning photos using smartphone Here are 4 tips to use Paytm safely Yahoo hack: Lessons to learn from biggest data breach ever Twitter security for dummies: How to keep your account safe How to use Paytm and other e-wallets? It's easy, very easy more Talking Points Javed AnwerDear Indians, have mercy on others and STOP using Truecaller Javed AnwerFlipkart's OnePlus 3 sale screwed Amazon India even if it wasn't nice Javed AnwerJio promised moon, now it is offering consumers FUP and booster packs Priya PathakWhatsApp needed password protection, instead it got 2-step verification Javed AnwerFrom Jio to demonetisation, Digital India keeps failing more News Reviews Tech Tips Galleries Buying Guides Videos Talking Points Copyright © 2016 Living Media India Limited. For reprint rights: Syndications Today. Copyright © 2016 Living Media India Limited. For reprint rights: Syndications Today.
Jump to Navigation AU EDITION | Tuesday, January 03, 2017 As of 2:08 PM AEST Subscribe AU Edition Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition U.K. Edition U.S. Edition FOLLOW | Make IBT your homepage Search Home Business News Sports Life Entertainment Video Technology Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge vs iPhone 6s Plus: Battery performance test and comparison By Alvin Alcalde @ULB1N on December 28 2016 6:24 PM 0 0 0 0 3D-printed Samsung and Apple logos are seen in this picture illustration on January 26, 2016. Reuters/Dado Ruvic If there is one thing about an Apple iPhone that is often criticised, it’s the battery. Compared to other popular smartphones in the market, the iPhone has always been behind when it comes to battery capacity and performance. Let’s pit Apple’s latest smartphone to furnish a headphone jack, the iPhone 6s Plus, in a cell match against one of the most heavy-duty handsets battery-wise today, the Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge. The Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge packs a non-removable lithium-ion battery with 3,600 mAh capacity that provides 27 hours of 3G phone calls and 74 hours of music play. A whole day’s worth of moderate to high usage can leave the Galaxy S7 Edge with 25 percent to 35 percent battery life. According to Trusted Reviews, the S7 Edge dips quickly during intensive tasks like heavy gaming but makes up for it with its excellent standby time. READ: Apple iPhone 7s 'Ferrari' model to adopt iPhone 7 Plus technology Leaving the Samsung flagship unplugged overnight only consumes about 2 percent off of its battery with the help of Android Marshmallow’s Doze feature. The Galaxy S7 Edge only takes about 90 minutes to be fully charged using the bundled power adapter and the handset also has wireless charging support. A quick 10-minute charge can provide up to four hours of usage. The iPhone 6s Plus’ lithium-ion battery is also non-removable but it has a much lower capacity compared to the Galaxy S7 Edge at 2,750 mAh. It delivers up to 24 hours of talk time and 80 hours of music play. The Apple flagship can reportedly last up to two days of moderate use. READ: Samsung Galaxy S7 vs HTC 10 camera comparison: What sets them apart [VIDEO] The iPhone 6s Plus also has a battery-saving feature that provides an additional number of hours. It can be turned on by going to Settings and also prompts the user via a notification when the battery level hits 20 percent. The iPhone 6s Plus doesn’t have any sort of fast charging technology, so users have to wait for almost two hours before the battery reaches 100 percent when the handset is totally drained. When TechRadar put the Galaxy S7 Edge and the iPhone 6s Plus to a battery performance test using the game “Real Racing 3,” the Samsung handset blew past the Apple smartphone. Both phones were left to drain away under the same conditions: on full brightness, no other background apps open, same Wi-Fi connection and with GPS, sync and Bluetooth enabled. After four hours and six minutes of gameplay, the iPhone 6s Plus was totally exhausted while the Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge still had 43 percent remaining battery life. Submit Correction 0 0 0 Related iPhone 7s 'Ferrari' model to utilise 7 Plus feature Samsung Galaxy S8, Galaxy S8 Plus update Join the Discussion 0 0 0 Search Most Shared Most Read 1 2017 world predictions: Australia to expand global operations role 0 Shares 2 ‘The Bold and the Beautiful’ Spoilers for Dec 26 – 30, 2016: Liam and Wyatt argue over who’s better for Steffy’s career; Ivy walks in on Ridge and Quinn; show announces casting call 0 Shares 3 ‘The Bold And The Beautiful’ spoilers for Dec. 29: Steffy leaves Liam's home; Ivy witnesses hot and steamy encounter between Ridge and Quinn 0 Shares 4 Chinese New Year 2017: Ways to avoid bad luck 0 Shares 5 'Days Of Our Lives' spoilers for Dec. 27: Two Salemites conspire to expose the truth; an embattled woman makes a bold move 0 Shares 6 Nostradamus 2017 predictions: How the world will fare next year 0 Shares 7 ‘Outlander’ season 3 finale episode being written 0 Shares 8 Vikings’ season 4 episode 16: ‘I’m not returning,’ says Travis Fimmel 0 Shares 9 ‘Vikings’ season 4 episode 16 spoilers 0 Shares 10 ‘Winds of Winter’: Fan’s take on delay 0 Shares Follow Us Please enter a valid email Like us Follow us Full site feed Nokia and Apple trade lawsuits Germany's new law requires Facebook to pay $715,000 fine Apple tax evasion update: Apple, Ireland to appeal EU tax ruling Nurofen fined $6 million: Reckitt Benckiser considering position with legal advisers Woolworths to sell petrol sites to BP for $1.8M Woolworths' Supplier Connect to roll out in 2017 More Business Economy Markets Companies Real Estate Banking & Finance EgyptAir Flight 804: Traces of explosives suggest bomb caused Egypt air crash NSW Rural Fire service warns extreme bushfire in NSW and ACT Train services resumed after man killed by Melbourne city loop train Man punches kangaroo in defends dog Anticyclonic gloom in Victoria Australian Christian Lobby in Canberra hit by reported car bomb More News Australia Asia Pacific Africa The Americas Europe Middle East UFC 207 Ronda Rousey vs Amanda Nunes live stream: How to order PPV, watch online Golden State Warriors vs Dallas Mavericks live stream: Watch NBA live on TV, preview, start time Los Angeles Lakers vs Dallas Mavericks live stream: Watch NBA live on TV, preview, start time Ronda Rousey looks better than ever before UFC 207 [PHOTOS] Houston Rockets target Kings big man Kosta Koufos via trade Golden State Warriors vs Denver Nuggets live stream: Watch NBA live on TV, preview, start time More Sports AFL NRL Rugby Union Cricket Soccer Tennis Motor Sports Basketball NFL Fight Sports More Foxconn undertaking mass automation drive, replacing humans with robots Tesla accelerates Model 3 production HTC debunks Vive 2 wireless and 4K VR headset launch at CES 2017 Microsoft Surface Pro 5 could be released in first quarter of 2017 Nintendo Switch release date update Samsung Galaxy S8 changes discussed More Life Environment & Science Health & Wellbeing Gaming Technology Travel & Food Fashion & Beauty Art & Design Celebrity Couples who didn't have a good year in 2016 'General Hospital' spoilers for Jan. 3, 2016: Alexis confronts Julian; Sonny and Carly reunite; Liz reveals her worries ‘Sherlock’ season 4 episode 1 recap/spoilers: ‘The Six Thatchers’ ends in heartbreak with character death, hope with a third Holmes brother ‘Brooklyn Nine-Nine’ season 4, episodes 11 and 12 spoilers, recap: ‘The Fugitive’ Pt. 1 and 2 'American Gods' season 1 spoilers: New character not in book appears in series [Watch Trailer] 'The Vampire Diaries' stars Ian Somerhalder, Nikki Reed developing new sci-fi TV series for The CW More Entertainment Movies TV Celebrities Music McLaren 570GT Review: Grand, But No Touring Car IBTimes Newsletters Sign up to get the latest headlines delivered to your inbox every morning. We value your privacy. Your email address will not be shared. Sections Home Business News Sports Life Entertainment Video IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Careers Contact Terms of Service Privacy Policy IBT Media Syndication Editions Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Home Samachar News Finance SPORTS Movies Bawarchi Astrology Videos Gold rates DUBAI GOLD RATES RUPEE Jobs Health Antzill Techtalk Web Sify Search Sify.com Technology News S.Korea fines Qualcomm $854 million for violating competition laws S.Korea fines Qualcomm $854 million for violating competition laws Source : Last Updated: Wed, Dec 28, 2016 12:02 hrs Tweet Mail Print By Se Young Lee and Stephen Nellis SEJONG, South Korea/SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - South Korea's antitrust regulator fined Qualcomm Inc 1.03 trillion won ($854 million) for what it called unfair business practices in patent licensing and modem chip sales, a decision the U.S. chipmaker said it will challenge in court. The fine, the largest ever levied in South Korea, marks the latest antitrust setback for Qualcomm's most profitable business of licensing wireless patents to the mobile industry, at a time when the business is facing headwinds from a cooling smartphone market. The Korea Fair Trade Commission (KFTC) ruled on Wednesday Qualcomm abused its dominant market position and forced handset makers to pay royalties for an unnecessarily broad set of patents as part of sales of its modem chips. Qualcomm also restricted competition by refusing or limiting licensing of its standard essential patents related to modem chips to rival chipmakers such as Intel Corp, Samsung Electronics Co Ltd and MediaTek Inc, the regulator said, hindering their sales and leaving their products vulnerable to lawsuits. The regulator ordered Qualcomm to negotiate in good faith with rival chipmakers on patent licensing and renegotiate chip supply agreements with handset makers if requested - measures that would affect the U.S. firm's dealings with major tech companies including Apple Inc, Intel, Samsung and Huawei Technologies Co Ltd if upheld. The KFTC said it began its investigations into Qualcomm's practices in 2014 following complaints from industry participants, but did not name specific companies. Foreign companies including Apple, Intel, MediaTek and Huawei expressed their views during the regulator's deliberation process, KFTC Secretary General Shin Young-son told a media briefing in the country's administrative capital. "We investigated and decided on these actions because Qualcomm's actions limit overall competition," Shin said, adding that the ruling was not about protecting domestic companies such as Samsung and LG Electronics Inc but about improving market competition for all players. Qualcomm said it will file for an immediate stay of the corrective order and appeal the decision to the Seoul High Court. The firm will also appeal the amount of the fine and the method used to calculate it. "Qualcomm strongly disagrees with the KFTC’s announced decision," it said in a statement. IN REGULATORY CROSSHAIRS The fine is the latest in a series of antitrust rulings and investigations faced by Qualcomm from regulators across the globe. In February 2015, Qualcomm paid a $975 million fine in China following a 14-month probe, while the European Union in December 2015 accused it of abusing its market power to thwart rivals. Stacy Rasgon, an analyst with AB Bernstein, said the fine itself was large but also said the KFTC's orders for Qualcomm to alter its business practices have bigger future implications for the chipmaker. A major challenge for Qualcomm, he said, would emerge if the ruling forces the company to license patents for some of its chips to rivals such as Intel, which has been competing hard to land its modem chips in mobile phones. "How can they force you to license to a competitor? That's what I never understood. I guarantee Qualcomm won’t want to do that," he said, adding that the dispute could take years to play out in South Korean courts. The KFTC fined Qualcomm 273 billion won in 2009 for abusing its dominant position in CDMA modem chips, which were then used in handsets made by Samsung and LG. Regulators in other jurisdictions, including the United States and Taiwan, are also investigating Qualcomm. ($1 = 1,206.4700 won) (Reporting by Se Young Lee; Additional reporting by Hyunjoo Jin in SEOUL and Stephen Nellis in SAN FRANCISCO; Editing by Muralikumar Anantharaman) SEARCH About Us Data Center Cloud Computing Servers Cloud Applications Hosting MPLS VPN Network Services Disclaimer Privacy Policy Careers Feedback Advertise Digital © Copyright Sify Technologies Ltd, 1998-2016. All rights reserved
Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Home Samachar News Finance SPORTS Movies Bawarchi Astrology Videos Gold rates DUBAI GOLD RATES RUPEE Jobs Health Antzill Techtalk Web Sify Search Sify.com Technology News South Korea fines Qualcomm $854 million for violating competition laws South Korea fines Qualcomm $854 million for violating competition laws Source : Last Updated: Wed, Dec 28, 2016 12:02 hrs Tweet Mail Print By Se Young Lee and Stephen Nellis SEJONG, South Korea/SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - South Korea's antitrust regulator fined Qualcomm Inc 1.03 trillion won ($854 million) for what it called unfair business practices in patent licensing and modem chip sales, a decision the U.S. chipmaker said it will challenge in court. The fine, the largest ever levied in South Korea, marks the latest antitrust setback for Qualcomm's most profitable business of licensing wireless patents to the mobile industry, at a time when the business is facing headwinds from a cooling smartphone market. The Korea Fair Trade Commission (KFTC) ruled on Wednesday Qualcomm abused its dominant market position and forced handset makers to pay royalties for an unnecessarily broad set of patents as part of sales of its modem chips. Qualcomm also restricted competition by refusing or limiting licensing of its standard essential patents related to modem chips to rival chipmakers such as Intel Corp, Samsung Electronics Co Ltd and MediaTek Inc, the regulator said, hindering their sales and leaving their products vulnerable to lawsuits. The regulator ordered Qualcomm to negotiate in good faith with rival chipmakers on patent licensing and renegotiate chip supply agreements with handset makers if requested - measures that would affect the U.S. firm's dealings with major tech companies including Apple Inc, Intel, Samsung and Huawei Technologies Co Ltd if upheld. The KFTC said it began its investigations into Qualcomm's practices in 2014 following complaints from industry participants, but did not name specific companies. Foreign companies including Apple, Intel, MediaTek and Huawei expressed their views during the regulator's deliberation process, KFTC Secretary General Shin Young-son told a media briefing in the country's administrative capital. "We investigated and decided on these actions because Qualcomm's actions limit overall competition," Shin said, adding that the ruling was not about protecting domestic companies such as Samsung and LG Electronics Inc but about improving market competition for all players. Qualcomm said it will file for an immediate stay of the corrective order and appeal the decision to the Seoul High Court. The firm will also appeal the amount of the fine and the method used to calculate it. "Qualcomm strongly disagrees with the KFTC’s announced decision," it said in a statement. IN REGULATORY CROSSHAIRS The fine is the latest in a series of antitrust rulings and investigations faced by Qualcomm from regulators across the globe. In February 2015, Qualcomm paid a $975 million fine in China following a 14-month probe, while the European Union in December 2015 accused it of abusing its market power to thwart rivals. Stacy Rasgon, an analyst with AB Bernstein, said the fine itself was large but also said the KFTC's orders for Qualcomm to alter its business practices have bigger future implications for the chipmaker. A major challenge for Qualcomm, he said, would emerge if the ruling forces the company to license patents for some of its chips to rivals such as Intel, which has been competing hard to land its modem chips in mobile phones. "How can they force you to license to a competitor? That's what I never understood. I guarantee Qualcomm won’t want to do that," he said, adding that the dispute could take years to play out in South Korean courts. The KFTC fined Qualcomm 273 billion won in 2009 for abusing its dominant position in CDMA modem chips, which were then used in handsets made by Samsung and LG. Regulators in other jurisdictions, including the United States and Taiwan, are also investigating Qualcomm. ($1 = 1,206.4700 won) (Reporting by Se Young Lee; Additional reporting by Hyunjoo Jin in SEOUL and Stephen Nellis in SAN FRANCISCO; Editing by Muralikumar Anantharaman) SEARCH About Us Data Center Cloud Computing Servers Cloud Applications Hosting MPLS VPN Network Services Disclaimer Privacy Policy Careers Feedback Advertise Digital © Copyright Sify Technologies Ltd, 1998-2016. All rights reserved
International Business Times UK UK LATEST NEWS Crime Property Culture Royalty World Latest News USA Europe Asia Africa Middle East The Americas Business LATEST NEWS Economy Companies Markets Finance Regulation Politics LATEST NEWS Fintech Latest news Blockchain Cryptocurrency Technology LATEST NEWS Smartphones Cybersecurity Innovation Social Media Games Motoring Science LATEST NEWS Space Environment Health Nature Archaeology Sport LATEST NEWS Football Tennis Golf Cricket F1 UFC Entertainment LATEST NEWS Movies Celebrity TV Music WWE Opinion LATEST NEWS Interview Analysis Reviews Video LATEST NEWS Business Technology Science Sport Entertainment Pictures LATEST NEWS Conflict Travel Arts Science Animal & Wildlife Photography Competition Log out Newsletter Signup Search Technology Smartphones Top iPhone and iPad apps of 2016: Google Trips, Prisma, Sworkit, Musical.ly and more Check out these must-have iOS apps to spruce up your smartphone or tablet. By Hyacinth Mascarenhas December 28, 2016 07:09 GMT Here are IBTimes UK's best apps for iPhone and iPad 2016 Reuters As 2016 comes to an end, it's time to round up some of the best iOS apps that stood out this year and graced our iPhones, iPads and other Apple devices. While developers were certainly busy releasing a flurry of exciting new apps throughout the year, there are quite a few that certainly spruced up our phones, either as new releases, popular must-haves, received a cool revamp or offered a tool or service in a way like no one else had before. This list is unranked featuring some of the coolest apps the App Store has seen this year, from new artistic selfie-taking tools and a new all-in-one travel app to a nifty little messaging app that helps you keep your messages secret. Since the App Store has also seen a wide variety of notable new games this year, including the massively popular AR-powered Pokémon Go, we felt it deserved its own separate list. Here's IBTimes UK's pick of the best iOS apps of 2016: 1. Google Allo Google introduced its "smart messaging app" Allo in SeptemberApple App Store Launched at the Google I/O 2016 in September, the Google Allo instant messaging app made a splash this year, featuring the company's own artificial intelligence-powered virtual assistnat, Google Assistant, to understand what you're asking, formulate an answer and respond to your questions. It also promises to "keep the conversation going" by offering a "smart reply" feature that suggests responses to messages, in your style. Besides helping users out with their needs, such as finding nearby restaurants,the helpful "smart messaging app" also comes with stickers, doodles, emojis and text. 2. Prisma Prisma uses neural networks and artificial intelligence to turn your photos into masterpiecesPrisma There's a reason why Apple awarded the app of the year status to Prisma. This popular art-inspired app transforms your regular smartphone photos and videos into gorgeous works of art within seconds using a "combination of neural networks and artificial intelligence". Featuring over 30 various unique filters, each of which sports its own artistic style, Prisma allows users to turn their captured images into stunning impressionist oil-paintings, modern art works and more. Prisma recently added a new location-based photo feed, an interactive app and has removed its limiting 1080 x 1080 pixel square resolution limit on Prisma photos. 3. Sworkit Fitness app Sworkit includes a variety of workouts to cater to your fitness goalsApple App Store 2016 has been a busy year for most of us where not everyone can easily find the time, energy or will to squeeze in a quick workout in already-packed schedules or have the budget for a gym membership. Featuring a wide variety of personalised video workouts to choose from strength, cardio, yoga and stretching, Sworkit stays true to its tagline: "No gym, no excuse." Users can choose the length of their workout between 5 to 60 minutes, target any specific area of your body with focused routines and follow a trainer to help through your exercises. Recently found to be the only fitness app to meet the guidelines for physical activity by the American College of Sports Medicine, Sworkit also syncs with Apple Health and MyFitnessPal. 4. Swift Playgrounds The Swift Playgrounds app for iPad teaches users how to code and create appsApple App Store This year, Apple released a new free iPad app alongside iOS 10 in September to help teach anyone, even kids, how to code using the Swift programming language and have it run on their device. Besides accessing Apple-created coding lessons, users can learn and master basic Swift commands by guiding a goofy little character called Byte to solve puzzles, view your code in live view and tinker with it to create new playgrounds from scratch or using templates, and eventually refine it, debug it and make it your own. The app also features a table of contents to track your progress and allows multiple users to keep their own lessons separate from each other. 6. Google Trips Google Trips is an all-in-one trip planner that compiles all your essential travel information in one place, even offlineApple App In September, Google also announced Trips, a nifty new app that serves as an all-in-one trip planner and travel guide for adventurous explorers discovering a new place. In addition to organising your tickets and travel reservations, automatically gathered from your Gmail account, Google Trips allows you to view your flight, hotel, rental car and even restaurant bookings all in one clean, easy-to-use interface. The app also offers curated editorial guides, custom itineraries, personalised recommendations based on your Google history, interests and available time as well as travel tips. This app is especially useful since it is able to work offline as well while still providing visitors maps and walking directions. 7. BigOven This award-winning, newly redesigned app includes over 350,000 recipes, a menu planner and a grocery list featureApple App Store The new, redesigned BigOven app offers users more than 350,000 recipes and includes the ability to make grocery lists and plan a week's worth of meals using the meal planner function. It includes a social element that allows you to see what others are making as well as save and share your own recipes. Besides gathering delicious recipes from across the web, users can also snap a quick photo of a family recipe and upload it using the app for iPhone, iPad and iPod touch that sports a clean, crisp UI that's simple and easy to use. Check out the app's cool leftovers feature with which you can simply plug in three ingredients you want to get rid of, and the app will suggest what you can make. 8. Musical.ly The video network app allows users to create 15-second videos of themselves lip-syncing and dancing along to their favourite jamsApple App Store Sporting more than 100 million users worldwide, Chinese lip-syncing app Musical.ly became a massive hit with youngsters this year. The colourful video network app allows users, or "musers", to lip-sync and mime the lyrics of their favourite songs. You can also add some cool effects to your personal music video including filters, stickers, fast or slow motion and time lapse. With the app, you can discover and "heart" videos created by other musers, promote live broadcasts on sister app live.ly as well as create digital duets with friends or followers. The popular app has also drawn celebrities including Ariana Grande and David Beckham and turned several teens into overnight online stars. 9. PhotoScan Google Photos has launched a new app that allows users to easily turn their old printed photographs into digital imagesGoogle Last month, Google announced a helpful new PhotoScan app that helps users preserve their old printed photographs and allow them to digitise them quickly and easily using just their smartphone. Using this app, you can hold your smartphone over a printed photograph to recognise the edges of the print to scan the image. Move your finger over the four virtual dots placed on the photo and your photo is automatically scanned and produced - glare-free, cropped and properly aligned. The digital images can then be saved on your phone or Google Photos library. 10. Memrise Memrise teaches users how to speak a different language using various interesting learning techniquesApple App Store Language-learning apps are a dime a dozen, but Memrise sets itself apart from the rest by using gamification, visual learning techniques and repetition to help users master a new language. Recently named one of the best apps by Apple, the app places you in the shoes of a "language master spy" where you are tasked to "use the language you learn to dupe enemy agents into thinking you are one of them, and to stop other fellow agents that will help you along the way". Pick a language from the various different offerings including French, Spanish (from Mexico or Spain), Chinese, Japanese, Russian, German, Korean, Italian, Swedish and Norwegian and get started on your New Year's resolution to learn a new language in 2017. More Technology news: Top Android apps of 2016: Prisma, Google Allo, Signal, Reddit and more Harry Potter spin-off Fantastic Beasts is getting a mobile game Best tech moments of 2016: From Pokemon to Apple giving the FBI the finger Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close Watch IBTimes UK try out PlayStation VR with Battlezone, Batman and more Columnists Laura Davis “What are the biggest challenges for women in 2017? READ MORE IBT Media to host AI and Data Science in Capital Markets event AI and Data Science in Capital Markets takes place 1-2 March 2017 at... IBTimes UK's top 10 best games of 2016 The IBTimes team looks back at their favourite games. Kissenger: The gadget that stimulates your long-distance lover when you kiss through your phone Researchers claim that the device provides a two-way interaction just... OnePlus 3T and 3 getting official Android 7.0 Nougat OTA update The update brings multi-window view and notification direct reply... Smart devices may soon provide UK police with evidence of crime – report Digital forensic evidence of crime scenes could be used by detectives... Video game preview 2017: Part 1 – Crackdown 3, Ghost Recon Wildlands, Tekken 7 and more The IBTimes UK gaming team kicks off its preview of the most exciting... WhatsApp might stop working for older Android, iPhones and Windows devices WhatsApp has extended support for some devices until 30 June, 2017. Booz Allen subcontracted firm leaked classified US military personnel data – Report The data breach reportedly exposed personal and sensitive data of... Russian hacking of US electricity grid turns out to be a fake news report The Washington Post, which published the report, has issued a note... Donald Trump says he will reveal 'things that other people don't know' about US election hacking Trump urges people to avoid using computers when dealing with... Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2016 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS
IE Home Nation World Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos E-Paper Apps RSS Gadgets Review Photos Videos Mobile & Tabs Science Indian Express Home Home Technology iPhone 7 Apple iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus: Is this the ‘Jet White’ option? Apple iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus: Is this the ‘Jet White’ option? Apple may be planning to add a new white colour option to the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. By: Tech Desk | Updated: December 28, 2016 12:32 pm This isn’t the first time we’ve heard about Apple planning to launch the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus in ‘Jet White’ colour option. (Image source: Macotakara) Apple launched the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7s Plus in September, but there are rumours that the company is planning to introduce a ‘Jet White’ colour option as well. Now a video has emerged showing off glossy white casing mockups that might have been sourced from a third-party vendor. The video, which comes from noted Australian tipster Sonny Dickson, shows the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus in white glossy casings. While both iPhones are identical in design in comparison to the iPhone 7 lineup, it suggests the casings are mere mockups purchased from Alibaba, a site popular for obtaining early mockups of soon-to-be-launched smartphones. Additionally, there’s no Apple logo visible on the iPhone 7 in the video. The iPhone 7 Plus appears to have an Apple logo though. It’s unlikely Apple will launch the iPhone without a logo. AppleInsider notes that the finish on the white iPhone 7 and iPhone 7s Plus has an eggshell texture, indicating that an extra coat of paint was applied on these devices. As the report points out the gloss and shine on these ‘white’ variants is unlike the finish on the actual Jet Black version of the Apple iPhone 7, 7 Plus. In case of the real phones, Apple relies on a considerable amount of processes to get the shiny, glossy look; these involve anodisation, 3D polishing and an iron particle bath. Check out the tweet from Sonny Dickson here Could this be the Jet White iPhone 7? pic.twitter.com/pHoDiZ63ON — Sonny Dickson (@SonnyDickson) December 27, 2016 Dickson himself hints the video needs to be taken with a pinch of salt. He tweeted by saying ,“ Could this be the Jet White iPhone 7”. Furthermore, a popular US-based third-party first ColorWare, known for providing high quality paint jobs on a variety of devices, tweeted out a picture of its own take on the iPhone 7 Plus dressed in a white colour. Also read: Apple iPhone 7, 7 Plus to get ‘Jet White’ colour variant: Report This isn’t the first time we’ve heard or read about Apple planning to launch the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus in ‘Jet White’ colour option. In November, 9to5Mac, quoting a Japanese blog report that the Cupertino-based firm could be adding a new glossy white colour option to its 2016 flaships. © The Indian Express Online Media Pvt Ltd Tags: Apple Best of Express PM Modi frames UP fight: Growth exiled for 14 yrs, give us majority EntertainmentDangal box office collection day 11: Aamir Khan film all set to take over Sultan as biggest hit of 2016 EntertainmentRaees: Dear Shah Rukh Khan, why are you so 'Zaalim' on us? EntertainmentBollywood shocked at Abis Rizvi's death in Istanbul terror attack EntertainmentAkshay Kumar's calender break-up of his films will leave you amazed Must Read SportsSC sacks BCCI chief, secy; Anurag says ‘all the best’ SportsBCCI's top two down; cricket’s non-playing XI panics Sports'Let the new administrators amend the constitution' TechnologySamsung Galaxy A7, Galaxy A5, Galaxy A3 (2017) launched ahead of CES 2017 TechnologyBHIM app duplicates are all over Google Play Store: Here's how to avoid TechnologyWhatsApp stops working in older iPhones, Android handsets Lifestyle9th edition of India Art Fair to start February 2 Jan 03: Latest News Novak Djokovic advances at Qatar Open after slow start Asia stocks see subdued start to 2017, dollar resumes climb Huge wildfire destroys homes in Chile tourist city Oil prices rise as markets eye OPEC No North Korea missile will be capable of reaching US: Donald Trump                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Tech News Home > Tech > Tech News < Back to SMG 45 Wednesday, 28 December 2016 | MYT 2:14 PM Apple adds a New Year achievement to Apple Watch by tan kit hoong Closing the rings: A new badge and achievement has been added to the Activity app in the Apple Watch and iPhone for the Ring in the New Year challenge. It looks like Apple is taking a page from the Pokémon Go playbook and adding special achievements that you can only earn at specific times of the year. If you're an Apple Watch owner, you might have noticed that a notification for the Activity Challenge has popped up on your watch today. Apple calls it the Ring in the New Year challenge and it not only gives you badge when you complete the challenge, but you'll also receive special stickers for iMessage. Hit your activity target for a week on the Apple Watch to complete the Ring in the New Year challenge.   The challenge goes something like this – if you manage to fill the activity rings in the Activity app every day for a week in January (that's from Monday to Sunday), you will receive the badge informing you of the achievement at the end of the week. What's more interesting is that you'll get a number of new stickers (not just one) which will automatically appear in your iMessage sticker list. Sure the achievement and reward may not be a big deal, but if you're an Apple Watch owner and a fitness fanatic, it's still kind of fun to try to get the achievement. You May Be Interested Super Mario Run: Give the plumber a hand Data protection starts at home Doubles 'goddess' Goh is now single Another viral video of another Ipoh 'daredevil' Traffic crawl along major highways Quality homes below RM400k Others Also Read Pervert flashes manhood, punches victim after failing to snatch handbag Analysts negative on Felda deal Fund Managers' pick advertisement Latest News Seattle’s cloud-computing boom is new force driving regional economy What is cloud computing? Its tech tentacles reach everywhere How Microsoft emerged from the darkness to embrace the Cloud How Seattle became ‘Cloud City’: Amazon and Microsoft are leading a tech revolution Software companies preparing for 2017 IPOs Most Viewed in Tech How Microsoft emerged from the darkness to embrace the Cloud What is cloud computing? Its tech tentacles reach everywhere How Seattle became ‘Cloud City’: Amazon and Microsoft are leading a tech revolution Software companies preparing for 2017 IPOs Seattle’s cloud-computing boom is new force driving regional economy Tech-addicted parents to kids: Don’t do as I do Bitcoin jumps above US$1,000 for first time in three years Mavic Pro: Fantastic foldable drone Next Academy offers RM1mil programming scholarship fund Silicon Valley's obscure unicorns could boost 2017 IPO market Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online   Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
Premium News Sport Business Money Opinion Obituaries Travel Tech & Science Culture Film TV Lifestyle Fashion Luxury Cars Video Christmas Free Mobile App Jobs Financial Services Rewards Events Dating Offers Shop Garden Shop Bookshop Box Office Puzzles Fantasy Football Wine Shop Work at The Telegraph Log out My Account Subscribe Rewards Video Login Register Subscribe Rewards Video Log out Rewards My Account Video Home News Sport Business ALL SECTIONS Luxury Technology Our Experts Pictures Travel Drinking & Dining Jewellery Motoring Watches Women's Style Men's Style Design Property & Architecture Art Technology More Telegraph Luxury Technology Technology in 2017: gadgetry goes old school  Kodak's new Ektra, £499 Ken Kessler 28 December 2016 • 7:00am Given the failures of professional pollsters to predict anything of late, I am loath to be your crystal ball for the year’s upcoming tech developments. Those who imagined a revolution last year fuelled by the Apple Watch, heralding the death of the Swiss watch industry, have been proven mightily wrong. Instead, it’s the little victories that fascinate, and in many ways, have greater relevance. Just as the Apple Watch has not killed off health monitors from Fitbit or Garmin, the new high-definition TV formats won’t necessarily drive those blissfully content with “normal” high-def LCD screens or Blu-ray players to upgrade. Sources in the trade suggest that “4K UHD” (for “Ultra High Definition”) and HDR (or “High Dynamic Range”) are desperate moves by manufacturers to counter the 3D fiasco, as even higher-resolution hardware is being developed for launch a few years hence. A saturation point is being reached. Fewer people are prepared to swallow the depreciation that accompanies being “early adopters.” Equally, many buyers are overwhelmed by features they neither need nor want – yet they no longer fear being treated like Luddites who are simply afraid or ignorant of technology. Gone are the days when one was mortified by the superior tech knowledge of the average seven-year-old, despite  recent TV ad campaigns to the contrary. Simply put, enough is enough. Smart phones are the exception. A couple of years ago, for example, we reported on the Punkt.Phone, which removed all but the basics for those who only wanted mobile phones for voice and text. I have no idea what the take-up has been, but there is no discernible trend away from do-it-all models, and nothing has slowed down the hyperactivity in the world of smartphones – not even exploding batteries. Phone junkies are lining up for Google’s first effort, the Pixel, which could be a game-changer. Samsung and Apple clearly have their work cut out for them, the latter having antagonised some customers by ditching the standard headphone socket. The latest craze is improving in-phone cameras, with specialist camera makers collaborating and co-branding with phone manufacturers. No less than Leica and Kodak, two of the most important names in the history of photography, have appended their logos to new smartphones. Kodak’s Ektra – reviving a name from the past – even looks like an old-fashioned rangefinder when nestling in its case. It offers DSLR functionality, has a 21 megapixel main camera, a front-facing 13 megapixel camera, 4K video capture and a host of features you expect of a camera but not a phone. Porsche Design Huawei Mate 9 Phone Leica has teamed up with no less than Porsche Design to create the a limited-edition, all-black version of the Huawei Mate 9, a price tag of £1,200, available exclusively from Harrods. This beauty – which I’ll cover in depth next month after using it “for real” – features a Leica Summarit lens, 20 megapixel monochrome (did you hear that, retro-snappers?) and a 12 megapixel RGB Dual Camera. Both this and the Kodak boast all of the latest phone specs, the former with dual SIM capacity for example, so you aren’t trading off smartphone performance for imaging. Porsche Design Huawei Mate 9 Phone That said, the standalone camera is not dead yet. Aside from selfies, smartphones still do not handle as well as made-for-the-purpose cameras, whether SLRs, compacts or rangefinders, and accessing the various functions is still fiddly compared to the physical buttons or knobs on a “proper” camera. The truism remains that the most important element is still the photographer: David Bailey with an iPhone is still going to massacre some nebbish with a Nikon. Following the success of Olympus’ Pen F and the lust created by Hasselblad’s X1D, next year will see a host of new, sophisticated models to keep serious photographers from abandoning cameras for phones. Most new cameras already feature wireless connection to computers, tablets or phones, for easy transfer of images, GPS to add metadata, high-def video and other niceties. Amusingly, the hottest new cameras, especially the Pen-F and the latest Fujis, boast 1950s rangefinder styling. Headphones continue their inexorable rise at the expense of loudspeakers – clearly this is analogous to what smartphones are doing to cameras. In sacrificing quality in both instances, we are losing performance for convenience, but the high-end is fighting back. 2017, in part because of iPhone 7, will see an increase in the number of Bluetooth models at all price points and quality levels. For those (like me) who prefer a physical cable, existing models with detachable cables can be converted for the iPhone 7 (which comes with an adaptor, by the way) with new cables terminated in a Lightning plug. MoFi One-Step LPs Far be it for me to suggest that there is global backlash against the tech onslaught in general, but the vinyl LP has had another bumper year, and, surprisingly, it has done so at the expense of downloads. An indication of its return to greatness is not the plethora of cheapo plastic record players, but one significant event: super-hip manufacturer Shinola, which revitalised watchmaking in the USA, has launched a serious turntable made in conjunction with high-end brand, VPI. Shinola turntable Called the Runwell, and costing US $2500, it is easy to use, beautifully-made and utterly gorgeous. As with many LP buyers don’t play them but display them as objets d’art, the Runwell could easily find an audience buying it for its looks alone. That would be a waste, however, because we all know that vinyl sounds best. So my predictions for next year? Back to the future. And on that note, have a suitably luxurious New Year. Follow The Telegraph READ MORE ABOUT: Google Samsung Apple Show more Editor's choice 27 Dec 2016, 9:00am New restaurant openings in 2017 27 Dec 2016, 9:00am Luxury property predictions for 2017 26 Dec 2016, 10:35am Travel predictions: where to travel in 2017 Gallery 21 Dec 2016, 7:00am Gallery: Top chefs and restaurateurs choose the best new restaurants of 2016 11 Dec 2016, 10:40am Liquid engineering: how to create the ultimate cocktail soirée Luxury latest 01 Jan 2017, 9:00am Women's style predictions for 2017 Gallery 01 Jan 2017, 8:00am Gallery: Garnet jewellery 01 Jan 2017, 6:00am 'No one else was crazy enough to take this property on': The brothers who turned an iconic Welsh manor into a modern masterpiece 31 Dec 2016, 9:15am Design predictions for 2017 31 Dec 2016, 8:00am Jewellery trends of 2017 30 Dec 2016, 8:00am Art in 2017: major events and museum openings 30 Dec 2016, 7:00am Suit shake-ups and Prince of Wales smart: what men will be wearing in 2017 29 Dec 2016, 1:40pm Architecture highlights for 2017 Gallery 29 Dec 2016, 1:37pm Gallery: Best bejewelled party shoes Gallery 29 Dec 2016, 1:37pm Gallery: Down jackets and parkas to get through winter in style Gallery 29 Dec 2016, 1:36pm Gallery: Posh pyjamas: nightwear beautiful enough to double as eveningwear Gallery 29 Dec 2016, 1:32pm Gallery: The best winter coats for chilly weather 29 Dec 2016, 8:00am The most luxurious holidays of 2016 29 Dec 2016, 7:00am Watch predictions 2017: design and sports style gets set to take over 28 Dec 2016, 9:00am Wine predictions for 2017 Premium 27 Dec 2016, 9:00am New restaurant openings in 2017 27 Dec 2016, 9:00am Luxury property predictions for 2017 26 Dec 2016, 12:31pm Classics Revisited: Sumosan Twiga  26 Dec 2016, 10:35am Travel predictions: where to travel in 2017 25 Dec 2016, 8:00am 2016: the year in jewellery 25 Dec 2016, 7:00am Men's style predictions for 2017 If you would like to add a comment, please register or log in Register Log in Contact us Rewards Archive Reader Prints Advertising Syndication Guidelines Privacy Terms and Conditions Leave your feedback © Telegraph Media Group Limited 2016 Your support makes a big difference In order to bring you award-winning content and investigative journalism from your favourite writers, we rely on revenue generated by advertising. Please consider supporting us by turning off your ad blocker. Just a couple of clicks will make a big difference. Thank you. Need help? Click here for instructions Close
null
Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Environment & Science Nation & World Education Crime & Courts Health Politics Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area San Jose Santa Clara County Peninsula San Mateo County Alameda County Santa Cruz County Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports High School Scores Sports Scoreboard Sports Columnists Sports Blogs Business Business Technology Personal Technology Economy Startups Real Estate SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Horoscopes Puzzles and Games Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary The Cannifornian The Mercury News Weather Today’s E Edition Subscribe Newsletter Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Environment & Science Nation & World Education Crime & Courts Health Politics Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area San Jose Santa Clara County Peninsula San Mateo County Alameda County Santa Cruz County Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports High School Scores Sports Scoreboard Sports Columnists Sports Blogs Business Business Technology Personal Technology Economy Startups Real Estate SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Horoscopes Puzzles and Games Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary The Cannifornian As mortgage rates climb, Bay Area buyers feel… Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Trending: Jeff Kent TV tonight Brazilian prison riot California’s new 2017 laws Connor Cook Ask Amy Business Bay Area homes: As mortgage rates increase, how much more will buyers pay? Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Photo by Todd Tankersley Mortgage rates have risen and could continue to climb. Brokers have detailed how that could affect Bay Area homebuyers over the life of a mortgage. By Richard Scheinin | rscheinin@bayareanewsgroup.com PUBLISHED: December 27, 2016 at 10:15 am | UPDATED: December 28, 2016 at 5:30 am There’s been a lot of recent chatter about rising mortgage rates and what they might mean for Bay Area buyers. Loan rates have climbed three-fourths of a point since late October. Given that punishing down payments and large monthly mortgage bills have been part of the natural order here for years, what does it all add up to for the brave folks who are out there hunting for a house? “They’re not calling me in a panic because interest rates are going up,” said Julie Thall, a San Mateo-based mortgage and financial adviser. “For the first-time homebuyer earning $120,000 — yes, it’s certainly tighter. But I have several Facebook and Apple clients, young high-tech workers, and their problem tends to be not yet having enough for a down payment, more than their inability to make the monthly mortgage payments.” Low rates over the past decade have spoiled buyers, she said, and the new “`high’ rates are still historically low,” and should not push many out of the market. Starting in late October, mortgage rates began to rise. They took a significant jump after the presidential election in anticipation of the Federal Reserve’s decision to raise the federal benchmark rate. That decision came earlier this month. Mortgages aren’t directly linked to the Fed’s benchmark; still, markets have a way of broadly influencing one another. In this context, we asked Thall to do some computations: As mortgage rates rise, how much more will buyers shell out for their monthly payments and in total interest paid over the life of a loan? Reading this on your iPhone or iPad? Check out our new Apple News app channel here and click the + at the top of the page to save to your Apple News favorites. Thall drew up three hypothetical mortgage packages, each assuming 20 percent down on a 30-year fixed loan: One for $520,000 (on a $650,000 home, perhaps a townhome on the Peninsula or a single-family house in Contra Costa County); one for $800,000 (on a $1 million home); and another for $1,280,000 (on a $1.6 million home). For each, she computed what the monthly payment and 30-year interest outlay would have been back in October at 3.75 percent; what they would be right now, when rates are running around 4.5 percent; and what they would be at 5 percent, should rates climb that high in 2017. The increased costs for buyers are substantial. Snapshot One: For the $520,000 loan at 3.75 percent, the monthly payment would have locked in at $2,408 and interest payments would have totaled $346,952 over the life of the loan. Today at 4.5 percent, that same loan would carry a $2,634 monthly payment and interest payments of $428,515 — a jump of more than $81,000 — over the 30 years. At 5.0 percent, the monthly payment would rise yet again to $2,791 and interest payments would come to $484,930 — about $138,000 more than at the 3.75 percent rate over the life of the loan. Snapshot Two: For the $800,000 loan at 3.75 percent, the monthly payment would have been $3,704 and total interest would have been $533,773. Now at 4.5 percent, those numbers would move to a monthly payment of $4,053 and total interest of $659,254 — a boost of more than $125,000 in interest paid. At 5.0 percent, they would be about $4,294 monthly and $746,046 in total interest — about $212,000 more than at October’s rate of 3.75 percent over the duration of the loan. Snapshot Three: For the $1,280,000 loan at 3.75 percent, a buyer would have paid $5,927 monthly at 3.75 percent, along with total interest of $854,037. At 4.5 percent, the numbers go to $6,485 monthly and $1,054,806 in interest – a $200,000 jump. At 5.0 percent, the numbers jump again to $6,871 monthly and $1,193,674 in interest – a $339,000 increase above the total when it was 3.75 percent. Ouch, right? Thall said it’s by no means a given that rates will reach 5 percent in the coming year. Given the vagaries of markets, she thinks it’s possible that rates will actually fall again at some point down the road. Regardless, a $1,280,000 loan doesn’t necessarily get anyone a palace as 2017 approaches. In San Mateo County, the median price of a single family home is $1,268,000, according to a report issued last month by the CoreLogic real estate information service. Thall noted that low rates combined with the tight housing supply have driven up prices in recent years, bringing out buyers and setting the stage for bidding wars. Now that rates are going up — generally seen as a sign of an improving economy — price appreciation may finally flatten and employers might even dole out some raises, putting additional money in homeowners’ pockets. She didn’t minimize the difficulties of buying in the current market. It’s just that “it’s challenging whether it’s 3.75 or 4.5 percent,” she said. Assuming careful financial planning, she added, buyers who qualified for a loan at 3.75 percent should have more than enough wiggle room to handle 4.5 percent. Julie Ray, a Coldwell Banker agent on the Peninsula, said she expects three-fourths of her clients to be unaffected by the rate hike. “But there are a few who definitely will get priced out next year if the interest rate goes up a point,” she said. “They’re first-time buyers and they’re just cutting it really close already, and it would not be good.” She called the situation “a tricky one.” Kevin Kieffer, a Keller Williams agent based in Danville, thinks buyers have been motivated by the rate increases, at least for the short term. “We haven’t had people saying, `Oh, geez, rates are going up, and we’d better not buy anything.’ If anything, people are a little bit more keen on making sure they get something before rates go up again.” The next psychological barrier would be 5.0 percent, he said. “At that point, you’ll see a softening at the higher end of the market,” Kieffer said. Right now in Walnut Creek, the sweet spot is between $1 million and $1.2 million. If we start going over 4.75… you’ll see less buyers qualify at this price point and so they’ll move down into the $900,000s.” Matthew Lucero agreed that a 5.0 percent interest rate could spell trouble in his search for a home. But right now, he and his wife Rebecca — first-time buyers and clients of Thall, the mortgage adviser — can handle the boost from 3.75 to 4.5 percent. Both work in tech. Their income gets them into the hunt for a house that costs around $1 million. The rate increase “adds another layer to an already difficult situation,” Lucero said. But his more critical problem is getting into a house at the listing price: While searching in recent months on the Peninsula and in the South Bay, he and Rebecca have run into stiff competition and bidding wars — even though the market is said to be cooling. It’s a frustration. They have only enough to make a down payment for a house in their price range, not for one that goes, say, for $100,000 or more over the asking price. For about a decade, while working in tech, Lucero said he has been “chasing the down payment. Five years ago, trying to get a house in Sunnyvale — I just never had enough. And I just barely have enough right now — and I’m just trying to get a modest home.” He and his wife pay more than $3,000 a month for an apartment in Mountain View: “We live so lean. We don’t live lavishly. We’re down to looking at food expenses, just to get that down payment. Still, to be able to save that much in 10 years to even be able to consider a down payment – none of my buddies have done that, I can tell you. It feels pretty good.” And his search continues. Tags:  housing Real Estate Richard Scheinin Richard Scheinin covers residential real estate for the Bay Area News Group. He has written for GQ and Rolling Stone and is the author of Field of Screams: The Dark Underside of America’s National Pastime (W.W. Norton), a history of baseball. During his 25-plus years based at The Mercury News, his work has been submitted for Pulitzer Prizes for reporting on religion, classical music and jazz. He shared in the Pulitzer Prize awarded to the Mercury News staff for coverage of the Loma Prieta earthquake. He has profiled hundreds of public figures, from Ike Turner to Tony La Russa. Follow Richard Scheinin @RealEstateRag Subscribe Today! All Access Digital offer for just 99 cents! blog comments powered by Disqus Sign up for our newsletters! Subscribe Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Most Popular Kawakami: The Yorks bungle the start of a new 49ers era Rose Parade 2017: The complete lineup with every float, band and equestrian group Purdy: 49ers end a rotten season with firings and uncertainty Fired 49ers coach Chip Kelly takes high road on his way out of town: ‘Don’t complain,’ he says Ask Amy: Husband who never cleans his car suddenly does so after a surprising request 49ers officially fire Trent Baalke, Chip Kelly Rose Parade: What time and day for 2017? Roadshow: Confusion leads to driving across light rail tracks More in Business Richmond’s Urban Remedy is rolling out new Bay Area stores January 02, 2017, 9:14 am For this Bay Area company, cold-pressed juice and healthy food are driving its growth around the region. Fixing the Bay Area’s housing crisis: One advocate speaks January 02, 2017, 9:16 am Metcalf thinks it’s possible to put a dent in the Bay Area’s housing crisis, but says cities need to change zoning and their planning processes to make adding housing easier and quicker. Wolverton: New gadgets only part of the story for CES’s success January 02, 2017, 9:15 am CES, the giant annual electronics show, has become much more than a gadget showcase; in recent years, it’s become the tech industry’s premier networking event, says Tech Files columnist Troy Wolverton. Burlingame: New plan offers hope for Peninsula ice skaters, hockey players January 02, 2017, 2:58 am A movement to build new ice rinks on the Peninsula to replace shuttered facilities in San Mateo and Belmont is picking up steam. Member Services News Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Subscribe Manage Your Subscription All Access Subscriptions Today’s e-Edition Newsletter Sign-Up Mobile Apps Contact Us Corrections Reprints Archive Search Lottery Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Place an Obituary Place a Legal Ad Advertise With Us Today’s Ads Weekly Ads Local Guide Fry’s Ad Public Notices © 2016 Digital First Media Site Map Copyright Privacy Policy Arbitration Powered by WordPress.com VIP Bay Area News Group Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
null
The Year of SurpriseDemonetisation news | E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Multimedia Consumer More... ScienceEducationSportsSpecials People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Marketinfo Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising 2017: New year, new beginnings The year of surprise Demonetisation News Home » Leisure Last Modified: Thu, Dec 29 2016. 05 56 AM IST What will be Google, Apple, Microsoft’s focus in 2017? The new technology frontiers go much beyond computers, smartphones and apps Subscribe to our newsletter. To continue reading, we request you to support us by disabling your Ad Blocker OR by signing up In order to serve content on our website, we rely on advertising revenue which helps us to ensure that we continue to serve high quality, unbiased journalism. To learn how to disable your Ad Blocker, please click here x Steps to disable Ad Blocker on your browser In order to serve content on our website, we rely on advertising revenue which helps us ensure that we continue to serve high quality, unbiased journalism. From our end, we will aim to show clean and unobtrusive ads to provide you with a great browsing experience. Please follow the steps below, and once done, please refresh your page. Google Chrome Using AdBlock Plus Click on the AdBlock Plus icon on the top right of your browser A drop-down menu will appear with a check mark followed by Enabled on this site Click the button to until the text reads Disabled on this site Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Using Chrome adblock extension Click on the hand icon for adblock extension, on the top right corner of your browser A drop-down menu will appear Click the Don't run on pages on this domain option on the drop down Once clicked a settings popup will appear. Click Exclude Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Firefox Using AdBlock Plus Click on the AdBlock Plus icon on the top right of your browser A drop-down menu will appear Click the Disabled on LiveMint.com option on the drop down Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access Times of India Firefox "Private Window" runs its own version of adblock. You will receive an adblock detection screen on private window, even if you are not running any adblock plugins. In this case, you will need to open LiveMint.com on your standard Firefox window. Safari Go to the Settings app on the main screen Click on the Safari button From Menu click Content Blockers You will see your blocker enabled. Slide button to the left to disable. Return to your Safari browser and refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Internet Explorer Click on the AdBlock Plus icon on the bottom right hand side of your browser A drop-down menu will appear Click the Disable on LiveMint.com option on the drop down Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com iOS 9 and above Go to the Settings app on the main screen Click on the Safari button From Menu click Content Blockers You will see your blocker enabled. Slide button to the left to disable Return to the Safari browser and refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Please refresh your page, once Ad Blocker is disabled OR To sign up, please click here x Sign Up Email: First Name: Last Name: Vishal Mathur In India, most car makers are now including either Apple CarPlay or Android Auto as the default option in some of the vehicles that they sell, and this number will only increase in 2017. Over the past few years, the big battles in the tech space revolved around smartphones and computing devices. While that won’t entirely change in 2017, we will see some of the big tech brands focus on newer and emerging technologies and categories. We take a look at some of the potential new battlegrounds. In your car The integration of your smartphone with your car has well and truly started. Tech giants Google and Apple have each developed in-car platforms called Android Auto and CarPlay, respectively. The idea is to make your phone the critical piece for entertainment and communication requirements inside your vehicle, including apps such as messaging, music and navigation for handling tasks such as making and receiving phone calls, without having to look away from the road. With Android and iOS now powering the in-car infotainment system, what you will inevitably get is a user experience far superior to what stock infotainment systems installed by carmakers tend to offer. In India, most car makers are now including either Apple CarPlay or Android Auto as the default option in some of the vehicles that they sell, and this number will only increase in 2017. Smart speakers With the Echo speaker, Amazon opened up an entirely new category of technology that the likes of Google, Apple and perhaps even Microsoft will look to cash in on in 2017. Amazon decided to try this out at a time when Google with Now, Apple with Siri and Microsoft with Cortana were restricting themselves to smartphones and computing devices. Essentially, with these smart speakers which are connected to the internet, you can speak to them, and get responses based on context and can link up with compatible third party applications—and not to forget, it plays music too. Google has already given indications that it is interested in this emerging space, with Google Home—it also understands your voice, can execute tasks and connect with other smart gadgets in your home. These devices could very well be the personal assistants of the future. Virtual assistants While smart speakers may still take time to become entirely common, voice based virtual assistants will become ever more prevalent in 2017. This include Apple’s Siri, Google’s Assistant, Microsoft’s Cortana, and Amazon’s Alexa. Google has fired the first salvo with the artificial assistance capabilities in Assistant we have seen in the Pixel smartphones. Companies are already investing heavily to make these assistants better listeners, their ability to understand context apart from just words and key phrases and are thus better geared up for completing requests and tasks. Another thing with artificial intelligence is the ability to learn more along the way—as more services come within the ambit of these assistants, and as users use them even more, they’ll be able to gauge preferences better. Artificial intelligence This is a category that will perhaps be massive in 2017, and you’ll be touched by it as you use technology, more than you probably imagine. The best example of that is how Google, Apple and Facebook identify your friends in photos that you click. At present, AI is being trained with human intervention, mostly revolving around key words and context. The next evolution will be able to learn on its own, as we see more advanced neural networks. With Microsoft and Facebook relying ever so much on bots, you may not know whether you next conversation, for example with a business representative, will be with a human or a machine. Vishal Mathur Topics: GoogleAppleAIArtificial IntelligenceFacebook More From Livemint READ MORE Anshu Jain joins Cantor as president in post-Deutsche Bank restart Solar could beat coal to be the cheapest power on earth Sops only a sentimental boost; rally in cement stocks will soon fizzle First Published: Wed, Dec 28 2016. 09 56 AM IST Editor's Picks Narendra Modi: The man who would purify India Demonetisation takes toll on investment, manufacturing Can Budget 2017 provide a push for growth after demonetisation shock? Latest News Anshu Jain joins Cantor as president in post-Deutsche Bank restart Solar could beat coal to be the cheapest power on earth Sops only a sentimental boost; rally in cement stocks will soon fizzle Are lending rate cuts a desperate attempt to stoke the dying embers of credit offtake? How much has demonetisation affected the stock market? Mint On Sunday The Asian hornet comes to Britain The maiden novels of Indian languages I swear by the stars in the sky, I’m not going to take any shit from anyone Vitas Gerulaitis served an ace of a punchline What the world’s top chefs like to eat at home Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2016 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Multimedia Consumer Science Education Sports Specials Close
FIRSTPOST TECH2 FAKING NEWS फर्स्टपोस्ट हिंदी News & Analysis Reviews Startup Gaming Biztech Auto Videos TechFirstpost most commented Apple’s made-in-India iPhone: This is what makes Bengaluru so special By Anirudh Regidi 27   Comments BHIM app review: App for cashless payments launched by Prime Minister Narendra Modi By Aditya Madanapalle 24   Comments BSNL offers unlimited local and STD calls for Rs 144 in new plan By tech2 News Staff 4   Comments BHIM app faces high server loads on launch day By tech2 News Staff 3   Comments Apple sued by a family in US, claims FaceTime caused fatal car accident 2   Comments more from #iPhone Apple to cut production iPhone by 10 percent because of sluggish demand: report Apple is working on new iOS 10.3 update; to come with 'Theatre Mode' and bug fixes Apple's ‘Make in India’ plan may not help India much, if it does not care for local demands Top Reviews Pixel XL (32GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 67,000 iPhone 7 Plus (256GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 92,000 ThinkPad X1 Carbon (Core i5-6300U) Editor rating : 8 Price: 106,000 XPS 13 Core i7 (Z560035HIN9) Editor rating : 8 Price: 133,000 Z2 Plus (4GB RAM/64GB) Editor rating : 7.5 Price: 19,999 You are here: Home > News & Analysis> Apple engineer shares what it was like to work on the first iPhone #iPhone 0 By tech2 News Staff /  28 Dec 2016 , 11:07 The original Apple iPhone has now gained iconic status as a device that has changed the mobile landscape. It was the first time that a touch-based device was this innovating and well integrated. The secrecy behind how the iPhone was developed is a fascinating tale in how Apple as a company functions to this day partly because, helped in no small part by Steve Jobs’ paranoia. According to a report by BGR, Steve Jobs assigned Scott Forstall to assemble a team to make the iPhone with one condition; that the team was not to hire anyone outside Apple. The project was to be kept a secret and the lengths of the secrecy were partially disclosed during the patent lawsuit with Samsung in 2012. Forstall detailed that he could not tell engineers and prospective team members that he could not say what they would be working on and instead they were told that it’s an ‘incredible new product’. They were told that they would have to work hard, give up nights and work on weekends for years if they were willing to join the team. Apple iPhone development was internally named as “Project Purple”, and the team took one of the Cupertino buildings and locked it down. One floor was full of badge readers and cameras. Terry Lambert, the engineer who worked on the original iPhone team, explained that he joined the team later in the cycle to debug the kernel. He had previously worked on the Mac OS X kernel, writing about 6 percent of the kernel, which amounted to about 1,00,000 lines of code a year. iOS uses the same kernel. Lambert further detailed in his Quora post that he was taken in as the shipping date neared so the company had relatively relaxed the secrecy around the product. He was taken to an area where everything was covered in black cloth. He explains that the black cloth-shrouded projects are almost like wilful blind spots. You don’t look at them, you pretend they don’t exist. All he learnt was that they were working on an ARM-based system. He joked that if anyone needs a clever Halloween costume, they should buy a black sheet, cut eye holes and go as a “Secret Project”. He went on detailing that he signed an NDA (Non-disclosure Agreement) and then he signed another NDA with the project code name on it. One interesting thing was that Apple gave different code names to different groups of people. This ensured that people didn’t get to know if others around them were working on the same project. After the NDA, the company gave access to the “Secret Lab” which was inside the general lab and you would not see the form factor as in the initial stages “it was all prototypes on plexiglass.” Last but not the least, he ends by adding that the cables used for the pre-production units while working on “Project Purple” were indeed “actually Purple.” It’s an interesting tale and make sure you head to the links above for a more detailed picture. Tags: Apple, Apple iPhone, Cupertino, iOS, iPhone, OS X, Scott Forstall, secret, Steve Jobs, Terry Lambert Also read Apple releases artificial intelligence paper that helps machines train on image information better and faster Apple iPhone 7s with 5-inch display, dual vertical cameras rumoured to be in the works X Recommended For You Apple to cut production iPhone by 10 percent because of sluggish demand: report Apple is working on new iOS 10.3 update; to come with ‘Theatre Mode’ and bug fixes Apple sued by a family in US, claims FaceTime caused fatal car accident Apple’s made-in-India iPhone: This is what makes Bengaluru so special Subscribe to our newsletter GO You are Now Subscribed to our Newsletter - Stay Tuned ! FOLLOW US ON Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. LAPTOP Reviews Rating : 7.5 / 10 Acer Aspire S13 review: This might just be the best Windows-based Ultrabook in its price range Rating : 7 / 10 Asus ROG G551VW review: An excellent balance of price and performance Rating : 5.5 / 10 iBall Compbook Excelance review: Cheap and built to match Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus EeeBook X205TA review: For students on a budget; but low storage and no USB 3.0 port are downers #BHIM Jan 2, 2017 BHIM App is the leader in the ‘Top Free Apps’ category on the Google Play Store #Nasa Jan 2, 2017 Nasa’s Neowise mission discovers a comet that may be visible from the first week of 2017 #Partnered Dec 29, 2016 Your guide to be a Selfie Expert #Samsung Jan 2, 2017 Samsung launches Galaxy A7, A5, A3 (2017) series smartphones with USB Type-C #presidential election Jan 2, 2017 US releases 13-page long analysis report detailing Russia’s role in presidential election hacking #Apple Jan 2, 2017 Apple’s parts supplier Wistron looking for permission to expand in Bengaluru SMARTPHONE Reviews Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus ZenFone 3 Laser Review: Borderline decent smartphone, with an unfortunate price tag Rating : 6.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime: Great battery life; but competition offers better value for money Rating : 5.5 / 10 Karbonn Quattro L52 VR Review: Don’t bother buying this Rating : 7 / 10 Honor 5C review: A well-balanced device that lacks any defining quality T & C Policy Contact Us फर्स्टपोस्ट हिन्दी Copyright © 2017 Tech2.com
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple more Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Apple device activations double Samsung's during holiday season The iPhone accounted for 44 percent of all new devices activated across the US during the week before Christmas, while Samsung clocked up just 21 percent of activations. By Corinne Reichert | December 28, 2016 -- 05:15 GMT (21:15 PST) | Topic: Mobility Nearly half of all new mobile device and app activations across the United States during the week leading up to Christmas and the beginning of Chanukah were for the Apple iPhone, according to analyst firm Flurry. Flurry reported that during the week, 44 percent of all new phone and tablet activations involved Apple devices, while just 21 percent were across Samsung smartphones and tablets, with the latter still feeling the effects of its global recall of the Galaxy Note 7 in September following incidents of batteries catching fire or exploding. Chinese giant Huawei came in at third position, representing 3 percent of activations, while LG, Amazon, Oppo, Xiaomi, and Motorola each accounted for 2 percent of device activations. (Image: Flurry) A blog post by Flurry director Chris Klotzbach and Flurry marketing and analytics manager Lali Kesiraju called Huawei and LG's rankings "remarkable", as neither has a device within the top 35 devices activated. "Their high rank is likely due to the fact that they have wide variety of devices and affordable options (hundreds of phablet and medium phones) for consumers to choose from," Klotzbach and Kesiraju wrote. They added that Google's new Pixel smartphones were noticeably but "not so surprisingly" missing from the activations chart, attributing this to its mixed reception. Also missing from the list are Nokia and BlackBerry smartphones, which have been tipped to rise again next year under new owners and licensing deals. As for phone sizes, 45 percent of all smartphones and tablets activated over the week leading up to Christmas were medium-sized phones, down from 54 percent last year; phablets grew from 27 percent last year to 37 percent this year; small tablets fell by 1 percentage point down to 8 percent; and full-size tablets and small phones stayed stable, at 9 percent and 1 percent, respectively. Earlier in December, Kantar reported that iOS holds the greatest market share in Japan, accounting for 51.7 percent of smartphone sales during the October quarter; 44 percent of sales in the United Kingdom; and grew by seven percentage points over the year to reach 40.5 percent of sales in the US. "The lack of the headphone jack has proved to be a non-issue for US iPhone consumers, as iPhone 7 was the top selling device in the three months ending October 2016, achieving 10.6 percent of smartphone sales, despite not being available for the full three month period," Lauren Guenveur, consumer insight director for Kantar, said in December. Huawei, Microsoft, and Google each accounted for 0.5 percent of sales in the US. In the quarter ending October, Android accounted for 75.2 percent of smartphone sales in the UK, Germany, France, Spain, and Italy. What's Hot on ZDNet The future of robotics: 10 predictions for 2017 and beyond White House AI report calls for 'aggressive' policies to help workers Encryption backdoors are against US national interest, say lawmakers DIY-IT: Top 10 how-to articles of 2016 "Android remains the dominant ecosystem, topping 75 percent across much of the globe," Guenveur said. "This is not a surprise, nor should it be, as Android's business model provides consumers with a variety of brands and price points from which to choose. It's unlikely that any other OS will ever reach this level of penetration." In Germany, the iPhone's market share dropped by 2.7 percentage points to account for 16.5 percent of smartphone sales during the quarter. Apple has been using the iPhone 7 to grow its smartphone share in Australia, however, with IDC last month reporting that Apple's Australian mobile market share grew from 40.41 percent last quarter to 46.42 percent this quarter, thanks to the launch of the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus. Despite this, Samsung continues to enjoy the second-highest smartphone market share in Australia, followed by Alcatel, with 60.2 percent of the market, up 1.9 percent year on year and 0.66 percent quarter on quarter; ZTE, with 5.17 percent market share, up 2.29 percent year on year and 1.64 percent quarter on quarter; Huawei, with 4.92 percent market share, up 2.36 percent year on year and 1.64 percent quarter on quarter; and others including Oppo, with 11.46 percent market share, down 4.36 percent year on year and down 2.75 percent quarter on quarter. Last month, IDC reported Oppo topping the Chinese smartphone market, with 20.1 million shipments or 17.5 percent market share, growing by 106 percent year on year. Oppo was followed in China by Vivo, with 19.2 million shipments or 16.7 percent market share; Huawei, with 18 million shipments or 15.7 percent market share; Xiaomi, with 10 million shipments or 8.7 percent market share; and Apple trailing in fifth place, with 8.2 million shipments or 7.1 percent market share. Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Mobility Asus ZenFone AR leaked ahead of CES with Google Tango, Daydream support Mobility Samsung to reveal Galaxy Note 7 probe findings this month: Report Smartphones Best Android smartphones for 2017 Mobility Samsung continues to add flagship specs to its Galaxy A line × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
IE Home Nation World Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos E-Paper Apps RSS Gadgets Review Photos Videos Mobile & Tabs Science Indian Express Home Home Technology Gadgets Apple Watch users: Get ready for ‘Ring in the New Year’ challenge Apple Watch users: Get ready for ‘Ring in the New Year’ challenge Apple Watch users across the world will receive a notification through the Activity app about the “Ring in the New Year” challenge. By: Tech Desk | Published:December 28, 2016 10:50 am Apple Watch users across the world will receive a notification through the Activity app about the “Ring in the New Year” challenge. Looking for a good new year resolution you can break? Well, if you do plan to keep on track, then Apple might have something for you. Cupertino will notify every Apple Watch user around the globe to be more active and try to close all three Activity rings each day for a full week. This activity will run in the four weeks of January and achievers will be awarded a special badge and stickers as well as the ability to share the achievements socially. On December 28, Apple Watch users across the world will receive a notification through the Activity app about the “Ring in the New Year” challenge. This will happen once 10 minutes after they put their watch on from 12:01 am local time on 12/28. Apple Watch users will also be able to see the unearned achievement in the Activity app on iPhone. When the user selects the Achievement tab in the iPhone Activity app, they will see an unearned Achievement for the Ring in the New Year Challenge. Also read: Apple Watch Series 2 review: This is a lifestyle choice When the user taps the unearned Achievement for the Challenge, he/she receives a description on how to earn the special Achievement. The user can use the built-in iOS share-sheet to deliver via Messages, Mail, Twitter, etc and share their intention to achieve. When the user earns the achievement, a notification will pop up on the Apple Watch. On tap, users will get a description on how they earned the special achievement. On the Messages app on the iPhone, they will see new stickers under activity which can then be shared with the rest of the world. © The Indian Express Online Media Pvt Ltd Tags: Apple Best of Express PM Modi frames UP fight: Growth exiled for 14 yrs, give us majority EntertainmentDangal box office collection day 11: Aamir Khan film all set to take over Sultan as biggest hit of 2016 EntertainmentRaees: Dear Shah Rukh Khan, why are you so 'Zaalim' on us? EntertainmentBollywood shocked at Abis Rizvi's death in Istanbul terror attack EntertainmentAkshay Kumar's calender break-up of his films will leave you amazed Must Read SportsSC sacks BCCI chief, secy; Anurag says ‘all the best’ SportsBCCI's top two down; cricket’s non-playing XI panics Sports'Let the new administrators amend the constitution' TechnologySamsung Galaxy A7, Galaxy A5, Galaxy A3 (2017) launched ahead of CES 2017 TechnologyBHIM app duplicates are all over Google Play Store: Here's how to avoid TechnologyWhatsApp stops working in older iPhones, Android handsets Lifestyle9th edition of India Art Fair to start February 2 Jan 03: Latest News Novak Djokovic advances at Qatar Open after slow start Asia stocks see subdued start to 2017, dollar resumes climb Huge wildfire destroys homes in Chile tourist city Oil prices rise as markets eye OPEC No North Korea missile will be capable of reaching US: Donald Trump                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
facebook twitter youtube google-plus instagram soundcloud coub Applications RSS العربية ESP РУС DE FR ИНОТВ RTД RUPTLY RTQuestion more live 03:19 GMT, Jan 03, 2017 search Menu mobile News America UK Russian politics Business Sport Op-Edge In vision In motion RT360 Shows On-Air Talent More HomeAmerica 'Simulated+Unsupervised': Apple eyes self-driving cars in first AI paper Published time: 28 Dec, 2016 05:05Edited time: 28 Dec, 2016 12:06 Get short URL © Arnd Wiegmann / Reuters Researchers at Apple recently published their first paper on artificial intelligence (AI). The paper introduces new ways to teach machines how to recognize images, likely to be a major part of their self-driving car technology. The paper, titled "Learning from Simulated and Unsupervised Images through Adversarial Training," was written by Ashish Shrivastava and his colleagues, and published through the Cornell University Library. In the paper, researchers introduce the idea of training AI with synthetic images, created by computers, alongside real world images. Researchers at Apple claim that synthetic images are easier for a computer to recognize because they contain data like annotations and labels that can help the computer recognize individual parts. However, computers also have difficulties in translating the lessons they learn from synthetic images into their real-world counterparts. The paper from Apple explains that data from synthetic images is "often not realistic enough, leading the network to learn details only present in synthetic images and fail to generalize well on real images." To improve AI learning, the paper suggests a “Simulated+Unsupervised” training method, where a simulated image is combined with a real world image to create a “refined” image. Apple submits 1st #AI paper:#MachineLearning from simulated and #unsupervised#images through #AdversarialTraininghttps://t.co/FMC8cKS3sypic.twitter.com/Qk237XvsnB— Brian Ahier (@ahier) December 26, 2016 This comes one month after Steve Kenner, Apple’s director of product integrity, declared the company’s interest in using AI for the development of a self-driving car in a letter to the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration. "The company is investing heavily in the study of machine learning and automation, and is excited about the potential of automated systems in many areas, including transportation," Kerner writes. Before this letter, Apple had not formally announced its intentions of building a self-driving car. However, Elon Musk, the creator of Tesla Motors, told reporters at the BBC that it’s really an “open secret.” "It's pretty hard to hide something if you hire over 1,000 engineers to do it," Musk told reporters, according to the German news organization Handelsblatt In the past, Apple has banned its researchers from publishing articles on AI, in order to keep their findings proprietary. However, this led some critics to question whether Apple was going to be a major player in AI technology. Their secrecy even hurt the company’s recruitment of AI experts, who felt that Apple was keeping out the strongest scientists with its closed door policies. “The really strong people don’t want to go into a closed environment where it’s all secret,” Yoshua Bengio, a pioneer in AI technology, told Bloomberg. In response to critics, Apple lifted the ban a few weeks ago and finally allowed its scientists to publicly publish their first paper on AI. In Kenner’s November letter, he states that Apple is a changed company, no longer trying to keep secrets from the rest of the tech community. “By sharing data, the industry will build a more comprehensive dataset than any one company could create alone….Apple looks forward to collaborating with other stakeholders to define the specific data that should be shared.” Where to watch Schedule Where to watch Schedule News America UK Russian politics Business Sport Op-Edge More Live Where to watch In vision In motion RT360 Shows Schedule Business projects Legal disclaimer Privacy policy Feedback About us Vacancies Contact info On-Air Talent RT NEWS APP Android iOS Windows phone Windows 8 العربية Español Русский Deutsch Français ИНОТВ RTД RUPTLY Applications RSS facebook twitter youtube google-plus instagram soundcloud coub © Autonomous Nonprofit Organization “TV-Novosti”, 2005–2017. All rights reserved.
CNET Reviews Best Products CNET 100 Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Crave Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home CNET Smart Home CNET Smart Apartment Smart Home News Smart Home How To Best Smart Home Devices Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español 8 tips and tricks for Apple AirPods There's more to the tiny wireless earbuds than meets the eye. Here's how to get the most out of your AirPods. Sarah Tew/CNET Wearable Tech by Jason Cipriani December 27, 2016 7:18 PM PST @MrCippy Up Next The robots are coming to CES, and we can't wait to meet them 3 ways Apple can make the AirPods better Apple's first wireless earbuds are interesting, but there's a lot more they can do to make the AirPods really special. by Brian Tong 4:39 Close Drag Apple's AirPods are finally shipping after a long delay, although availability is still limited. If you're lucky enough to have a pair already, or just want to learn more about the wireless earbuds before they arrive, here are eight tips and tricks to get the most out of Apple's AirPods. Connect to iPhone Photo by Jason Cipriani/CNET The pairing process for the AirPods takes three-seconds -- literally. Open the charging case, wait for the prompt on your phone, tap Connect and you're done. Don't worry about repeating these steps on the rest of your Apple devices, as long as you use the same iCloud account on a Mac or iPad. Connect to everything else Notice that small, semi-hidden button the back of the charging case? That's what you'll use to pair AirPods to an Android device, Apple TV or anything else that doesn't work with Apple's W1 chip. Complete instructions can be found here. Check battery on iPhone Enlarge Image The various screens of battery life of AirPods on the iPhone.Photo by Jason Cipriani/CNET You have a couple of options when it comes to checking battery status of your AirPods and the charging case. You can either open the charging case next to your iPhone, which should prompt your phone to display a popup with battery status. Or, you can add the battery widget to Notification Center's Today panel using the instructions in this post. Keep in mind, the Battery widget will only include AirPods if you are actively using them. Check battery status on Apple Watch Enlarge Image Photo by Jason Cipriani/CNET If you own an Apple Watch, here's a cool trick: When using AirPods, open Control Center on your Apple Watch and tap on the battery button. In addition to displaying battery stats for your watch, you will also find stats for your AirPods. Change name of AirPods Enlarge Image Photo by Jason Cipriani/CNET There isn't a dedicated app for altering settings and customizing your AirPods, instead you'll need to do it through Bluetooth settings. (Settings > Bluetooth) Tap on the "i" icon next to your AirPods' name. Give Siri the boot While viewing your AirPods' settings, you can also change the double-tap functionality to play/pause your music or do nothing at all, instead of beckoning Siri each time. Use AirPods on a Mac Enlarge Image Photo by Jason Cipriani/CNET If you want to use AirPods to listen to all audio coming from your Mac, you will need to select it as an audio output device. To do that, click on the speaker icon in the menu bar and select your AirPods from the list. Otherwise, you can use the AirPlay icon in iTunes to select AirPods to stream music from your Mac to your ears. No sharing Enlarge Image Photo by Jason Cipriani/CNET What happens when someone else tries using your AirPods? A message letting them know the AirPods aren't theirs shows up. Of course, he or she can pair the AirPods to an iPhone with a tap on Connect, but it's nice to know someone can't sneak in some listening time on your AirPods without you knowing. Share your voice 0 comments Tags Apple Wearable Tech Audio Headphones Tablets Bluetooth Headsets Phones Mobile AirPlay Siri iOS 10 CNET Review Apple AirPods Long-delayed and highly ridiculed, Apple's wireless headphones are finally here -- but once you try them, you won't be laughing anymore. $203.66 See it Apple All the latest Apple news, featuring developments on the iPhone, iPad, Macbooks, OS X and much more. Dec 31 Parents' lawsuit claims FaceTime caused daughter's death Dec 31 10 iPad tips every new owner should know Dec 29 ​Super Mario Run for iPhone: Price, gameplay and more Dec 29 Tim Cook calls AirPods a 'runaway success' All Apple Stories Related Stories CNET giveaway: TomTom Spark multisport GPS watch Wearable tech at CES 2017: Expect a quiet year Fitbit drops case to block Jawbone imports to US Best wearable tech of 2016 Close   Discuss: 8 tips and tricks for Apple AirPods Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: The robots are coming to CES, and we can't wait to meet them CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
Log in Sign up Login with Facebook Login with Google Go Advanced News Reviews Phones Home News Blog Reviews Comments (18) Post your comment Heres what a Jet White iPhone 7 Plus could look like 27 December 2016 Early on in November, a report circulated the internet claiming that Apple was going to release a Jet White color option (mid-cycle) for the iPhone to follow the wild success of the Jet Black iPhone 7 option. That report was met with skepticism, as Apple is not the one to normally release new color options in the middle of its product cycle, a decision better left for the launch of Apples next iPhone in 2017. In any case, if you wanted to see what a glossy-white iPhone would look like, you can just take a look at the following video clip. Could this be the Jet White iPhone 7? pic.twitter.com/pHoDiZ63ON Sonny Dickson (@SonnyDickson) December 27, 2016 Upon first glance, youll notice that the white shells being shown are not really from Apple with their missing, they could perhaps be either Chinese-made replacemnt shells sold on sites like Alibaba or they were painted white. Theres no way these paint jobs would ever leave the Foxconn factory. As it stands, the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus is available in five colors: Silver, Black, Gold, Rose Gold, and Jet Black. Maybe adding a Pure White option would cause a shortage of the new color. And since many people didnt seem to mind that the Jet Black option was officially prone to micro-scratching (due to its super glossy finish), perhaps a glossy white option would be enticing to customers. But the reality is this: Apple is still having some difficulties meeting demand for five different color options on its portfolio, not to mention keeping stock of every color in every tier of memory for every carrier would require even more effort. Realistically, we dont see Apple adding a glossy white option to the iPhone 7 during its product cycle. Realistically, we could see a Jet White (its never going to be called that) option replace the Silver option (or any other option) while a more far-fetched scenario would be that Apple indeed adds the a new White option to the other 5 color configurations. I have a feeling Apple would be even as courageous as to get rid of the Rose Gold option in favor of a white one, do you think Apple would do this? Via Share Facebook Twitter © 2000-2016 GSMArena.com HOME | Privacy | Terms | Contact us Desktop version
null
Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News by eluta.ca Search Jobs at eluta.ca Jobs Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate Film TV & Media Books Music Theatre Visual Arts Awards Video Home» Arts» Music Five and a half albums that hint at the future From Chance the Rapper to Beyoncé, some artists’ break from traditional record labels could pave the way for others in the industry Singer Beyonce performs on her “Mrs. Carter Show World Tour 2013” at the Ziggo Dome on Monday, April 22, 2013 in Amsterdam. Yosra El-Essawy/Invision for Parkwood EntertainmENT Josh O’Kane The Globe and Mail Last updated: Tuesday, Dec. 27, 2016 2:52PM EST Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Comments Chance the Rapper’s biggest single this year was No Problem, a song excoriating traditional record labels – and an indicator of the changes he and other artists are forcing through the music industry. Streaming music services such as Apple Music, Spotify and Tidal are shifting not just how music is consumed, but increasingly how it is funded, created and marketed. The talk of the industry is increasingly about playlists and how labels and artists can seed their music into high-rotation mixes on streaming services to blend their new offerings with old favourites. Still, the past year was fundamentally one of enormous albums. And the story of five (and a half) of them can help illuminate how the future of music might play out. Take Chance, for example. He released Coloring Book, which he hesitates to call an album, initially just through Apple Music – without a label. He’s always been averse to making his fans pay for music directly, so going straight to a streaming service made sense – fans get it along with millions of other songs. Coloring Book marked the 23-year-old’s mainstream breakthrough: Billboard declared it the first streaming-only album to land on its lauded Billboard 200 chart. That Chance did this without a record company – albeit with a savvy business team and a co-sign from Kanye West – indicates that streaming platforms, leveraged deftly by artists, can skip the overhead costs needed to market and distribute music widely. “If he starts building a stable of artists he respects, he could be a new outlet by bypassing the labels,” said Ted Cohen, a long-time major label executive and managing partner of digital entertainment consultancy TAG Strategic. Frank Ocean performs during the 2014 Bonnaroo Music & Arts Festival on June 14, 2014 in Manchester, Tennessee. Jason Merritt/Getty Images Chance is not alone in finding new avenues for his music. The New York Times reported last month that, after years of frustration with his label, Def Jam, Frank Ocean bought himself out of his contract this year – releasing a final video project, Endless, before dropping Blonde independently on Apple Music later the same weekend. Ocean’s music was among the year’s most highly anticipated; the move prompted speculation that record companies would begin scuttling service-specific exclusives in its wake. That has yet to be seen. And Ocean’s triumph was built on previous success with a major label. But it did show that established artists, with luck and money, can control their music and still be heard – Blonde hit No. 1 on the Billboard 200. As a medium, streaming offers fresh creative opportunities, too. West’s The Life of Pablo is famously malleable: He modified and re-uploaded the album constantly in the weeks after its release, and it may yet see more changes. Kanye West performs during the closing ceremony of the Pan Am Games Sunday, July 26, 2015, in Toronto. Julio Cortez/AP If Pablo is the start of an album-changing renaissance, digital music analyst Mark Mulligan suggests it may frustrate many listeners. “The audience wants to be able to listen to what they heard last month,” he said. But if different versions of the product are all made available, it’s an opportunity, Mulligan says, “to extend the life cycle” of a record, with all that content gobbled up by hard-core fans. Apple joined streaming in mid-2015 and now has 20 million subscribers. Spotify now has more than 100 million users, 40 million of whom pay subscription fees for full service. And those are just the sector’s leading players. Pablo was, for a while, exclusive to high-fidelity service Tidal, which West co-owns. Beyoncé has kept the streaming of her critically acclaimed album Lemonade exclusive to Tidal since its release (her husband, Jay Z, heads the service), but despite this limited access, the album’s streaming and sales propelled it to the top of the Billboard 200. Musical artist and rapper Drake performs at the Air Canada Centre in Toronto on October 24, 2013. Deborah Baic/The Globe and Mail Lemonade, then, showed that exclusivity can still rule the charts. But what if Beyoncé had let the album stream elsewhere? She might have beaten Drake for the year’s crown. Toronto’s very own released his long-awaited album Views in April, first exclusively to Apple, then everywhere. The strategy worked: In addition to being Apple Music’s first album to hit one billion streams, Drake also became the most-streamed artist on Spotify this year – for the second year in a row – and is the service’s all-time top artist. Despite the early exclusivity, fans kept gravitating to him anyway. Which says something about fame: The view from the top is nice. Report Typo/Error Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} X connect with us Products The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters Globe eBooks A collection of articles by the Globe. View the library Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Art Store Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Globe Arts is part of The Globe and Mail's Globe Life Network Copyright 2017 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 444 Front St. W., Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5V 2S9 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later.
null
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Apple beat Samsung by 2-to-1 in the war for Christmas sales Chris Smith BGR NewsDecember 28, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Apple has won yet again the informal battle for Christmas. Apple products, and the iPhone in particular, are highly coveted Christmas gifts, and there’s new data to prove it. Don't Miss: A man waited 416 days to see what happened when his iPod stopwatch passed 9,999 hours The folks at Flurry concluded in their most recent research note that Apple saw two device activations for every Samsung device. “This year, 44% of new phone activations were Apple devices with Samsung seeing 21%,” Flurry said. Samsung’s share is 1% higher than last year, but Apple devices are still dominant. Flurry did not specify which iPhones were the most popular with buyers this Christmas. flurry-iphone-vs-samsung-christmas-2016More Third and fourth positions are held by Huawei and LG, even if these phone makers don’t have an individual device within the top 35 devices activated. Missing from the chart above is the Google Pixel phones, which are yet to reach iPhone fame. Flurry’s findings also revealed that phablet devices are increasingly more popular with buyers, eating away at medium phone market share, as seen in the following graphic. flurry-phablet-vs-phone-christmas-2016More Tablet activations are relatively flat compared to last year. When it comes to app downloads, Christmas Day was the biggest day for them. Smartphone and tablet users installed two times as many apps on Christmas than on any other day in December. The most popular apps installed on Christmas are included in the following categories: Messaging & Social, Games, Music, Media, & Entertainment, and Kids & Family apps. Trending right now: China is going to beat the United States back to the Moon 9 new shows coming to Netflix in 2017 that we can’t wait to see 10 movies you need to watch on Netflix this week before they expire See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next 9 tech-friendly gifts for people obsessed with travel Yahoo Tech CNN uses screenshot from ‘Fallout 4’ to show how Russians hack things BGR News Facebook launches live 360-degree video feature Yahoo Tech LG is ready to make the future more colorful with its Super UHD TVs at CES 2017 Digital Trends The battle between SSD and HDD is over, and the winner is clear Digital Trends Celebrity sues Tesla, claims Model X drove itself through a wall and into his house BGR News Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo Finance
Tech Entertainment Business Social Deals Podcast About Mobile Image Source: ThoroughlyReviewed This modified iPhone 7 is ultra secure, but it’ll cost you big bucks Mike Wehner @MikeWehner December 27th, 2016 at 11:46 AM Share Tweet Apple’s iPhone is already a pretty secure device, and the company has gotten a lot of good press for its habit of pushing back against law enforcement agencies who want an easy way to access its devices. But if Apple’s built-in security features and encryption just aren’t enough for you — or you don’t trust the company to keep your communications private — you have another, much more expensive option. It’s called the “K iPhone,” and it manufacturer says it’s the go-to choice for military personal, heads of state, and anyone who values their privacy. Don't Miss: Major torrent sites are offline thanks to mysterious cyber attacks The K iPhone is made by KryptAll, which sells several different pieces of encrypted communications gear, from the aforementioned Apple smartphone to a mobile broadband satellite communicator that can produce a cellular signal anywhere on the planet. KryptAll says its modified iPhone utilizes modified components, a custom firmware, and the company’s own VoIP app to make end-to-end encrypted phone calls to anyone in the world. But while it can make calls to any number, it can only take incoming calls from other KryptAll devices, to ensure security. The company says that phone calls made of its encrypted network cannot be tapped or tracked, and that not oven KryptAll has any way of knowing the details of the calls. The company’s guidelines for law enforcement describes it thusly: KryptAll provides VoIP audio calls that are secured by encryption. KryptAll is a zero knowledge system as calls are not stored on the server network and calling records are not generated. The KryptAll phone can make calls; however, cannot receive KryptAll calls unless it is from another KryptAll phone. We do not have a history or copies of calls exchanged by anybody on the system. We do not have the decryption keys thus we cannot intercept any of the calls sent through KryptAll. KryptAll does not assign or control IP the address. It’s super secure, but the K iPhone can also be used just like any other iPhone, and downloading apps and other common smartphone functions perform just as you’d expect. The company, which has been selling its encrypted devices for just a couple of years now, says it already has some extremely important clientele, including “privacy advocates” and executives from Rolls-Royce, Maybach, and other companies. That makes a lot of sense, because in order to afford one of these custom iPhones you’ll definitely need a pretty healthy paycheck. The devices, which the company sells on eBay for some reason, are several thousands of dollars each, and the current price of the iPhone 7 version is over $4,500. Tags: iPhone, kryptall View Comments Trending 1 Gaming CNN uses screenshot from ‘Fallout 4’ to show how Russians hack things 2 Mobile This rumored Galaxy S8 feature would be like nothing you’ve ever seen on an iPhone 3 Security Hackers have a new way to steal your banking login using WhatsApp 4 Mobile Here’s what a Jet Black iPhone 7 Plus looks like after 3 months without a case 5 Entertainment The 10 best new movies and TV shows coming to Netflix in January Picked For You This rumored Galaxy S8 feature would be like nothing you’ve ever seen on an iPhone By Zach Epstein January 2nd at 1:36 PM iOS 10.3 might introduce an intriguing new ‘Theatre mode’ By Yoni Heisler December 31st at 8:01 PM CNN uses screenshot from ‘Fallout 4’ to show how Russians hack things By Mike Wehner January 2nd at 2:07 PM Advertise About Contact Copyright 2017 BGR Media, LLC Powered by WordPress.com VIP | Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Rights | Terms Of Use
PCMagLogo.2016 Reviews Reviews Android Apps Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Gaming Headphones Health & Fitness iPad Apps iPhone Apps Keyboards Laptops Mice Monitors Phones Printers Projectors Routers Scanners Security Software Smart Home Software Speakers Storage Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearables Editors' Choice All Reviews Best Picks Best Picks Best Android Apps Best Antivirus Software Best Cameras Best Desktops Under $500 Best Drones Best Fitness Trackers Best Hard Drives Best iPhone Apps Best iPhone Cases Best Laptops Best Monitors Best Password Managers Best PC Games Best Phones Best Printers Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Tablets Best Wireless Routers Editors' Choice All Categories How-To How-To All Categories How to Block a Number on Any Phone How to Build a Computer How to Build Your Smart Home How to Clear Cache How to Connect Your iPhone to Your TV How to Create an Anonymous Email Account How to Create an App How to Edit a PDF How to Get iOS 10 How to Hack Wi-Fi Passwords How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan How to Take a Screenshot How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router How to Use Apple Pay News News All News Fastest ISPS Features Readers' Choice Business Choice Opinions Fastest Mobile Networks Tips Tips All Tips Tips to Speed Up Windows Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Android Marshmallow Tips Apple TV Tips Chrome Tips Chromecast Tips Facebook Tips Fitbit Tips Gmail Tips Google Drive Tips Google Search Tips Netflix Binge Watching Tips Roku Tips WiFi Booster Tips Yahoo Mail Tips Business Business All Categories Business Software Index Enterprise Small Business Startup Spotlight Explore Accounting & Taxes Back Best Expense Report Software 2016 Best Online Accounting Services 2016 Best Online Tax Preparation Software 2016 FreshBooks QuickBooks Online Plus TaxACT Online Plus Review TurboTax 2016 Review Antivirus, Safety & Security Back Avast Free Antivirus AVG Avira Best SaaS Endpoint Protection Software 2016 Best Security Suites 2016 Bitdefender Antivirus Plus Review 2016 Free Antivirus Kaspersky Antivirus Kaspersky Internet Security McAfee Symantec Norton Security Premium Review Webroot SecureAnywhere AntiVirus Review 2016 Windows Defender Browsers & Operating Systems Back Chrome Firefox Internet Explorer 11 macOS Sierra Beta Opera Microsoft Edge Tor Browser Windows 10 Business & Office Back Agiloft Review Best Application Performance Management Tools 2016 Best Asset Management Services 2016 Best Contract Management Software 2016 Best CRM Software of 2016 Best Email Marketing Software 2016 Best Help Desk Software 2016 Best HR Software & Management Systems of 2016 Best Idea Management Software 2016 Best Membership Management Software 2016 Best Network Monitoring Software 2016 Best Online Collaboration Software 2016 Best Online Survey Tools 2016 Best Project Management Software of 2016 Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools 2016 Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools 2016 Best Video Conferencing Services 2016 Campaign Monitor Review What is Cloud Computing? Constant Contact Review Join.Me Review LiquidPlanner Review Microsoft Office 2016 Review Microsoft Office For Mac Review Microsoft Office 365 Review Vivantio Pro Review Wrike Review Zoho Projects Review Cameras & Photo/Video Editing Back Best Action Cameras of 2016 Best Digital Cameras of 2016 Best Photo Scanners 2016 Best Scanners of 2016 Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts GoPro Hero 4 Silver Mirrorless Camera Photoshop Elements Underwater Camera Video Editing Software Carriers & Providers Back Boost Mobile Dish Network Metro PCS Safelink Straight Talk Cases & Covers Back Best iPhone 6 Plus Cases Best iPhone SE Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Desktops Back Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Smart Home & Wearables Back Apple Watch Bands Best Smart Home Security Systems 2016 Best Smartwatches 2016 Best Home Security Cameras 2016 Doorbell Camera Fitbit Alta Fitbit Blaze Fitbit Surge Garmin Vivoactive Garmin Vivosmart HR IFTTT Nest Cam Roomba SimpliSafe Trackr DNA Testing Back 23andMe AncestryDNA Drones Back Best Drones Drone Regulations Ebooks Back The Best eReaders of 2016 How to Get Free eBooks Kindle Oasis Kindle Paperwhite Education Back Absorb LMS Review Best Language-Learning Software 2016 Best LMS of 2016 Grovo LMS Review Lynda Udemy Games Back Android Games iPhone Games Nintendo 3DS Games PC Games PS4 Games Xbox One Games Wii U Games Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup Back Amazon Cloud Drive Review Best Cloud Storage & Syncing Best External Hard Drives 2016 Dropbox Review Eero Review IDrive Review Microsoft Onedrive Review Headphones Back Beats Headphones Beats Solo 2 Best Bluetooth Headphones Best Bluetooth Headsets Best Bluetooth Speakers Best Headphones 2016 Best In-Ear Headphones 2016 Best Noise-Canceling Headphones 2016 Bluetooth Headset Reviews Jaybird X2 Powerbeats2 Wireless Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers Back Best Business Monitors 2016 Best Computer Mice 2016 Best Computer Monitors 2016 Best Computer Speakers 2016 Best Gaming Keyboards of 2016 Best Gaming Monitors 2016 Best Keyboards 2016 Best Wireless Speakers 2016 Bose Soundlink JBL Flip 3 Laptops Back Best Budget Laptops 2016 Best Business Laptops 2016 Best Chromebooks 2016 Best Dell Laptops Best Gaming Laptops of 2016 Best Laptops Best Laptops for College Students Best Laptops Under $500 Best Lenovo Laptops 2016 Dell XPS 13 Dell XPS 15 Printers Back 3D Printer Best Inkjet Printers 2016 Best Laser Printers 2016 Best Wireless Printers 2016 Printers Search & Shopping Back Amazon Prime Cost Amazon Prime Now Amazon Prime Pantry Bing Square Cash App Google Search Tips Google Wallet Shows, Events & Holiday Back Back to School Tech E3 Fathers Day Holiday Gift Guide Tech News Phones Back Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Best Android Phone Best Unlocked Phones Droid Maxx 2 CDMA vs. GSM Huawei Honor 5X HTC Desire 626 Huawei P8 Lite iPhone 6 vs. 6s Nokia Lumia Samsung Galaxy J3 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung J7 Samsung S7 Sony Xperia Tablets Back Best Android Tablets 2016 Best Tablets of 2016 Best Windows Tablets iPad iPad Mini 4 Surface Pro TVs & Streaming Media Back Amazon Prime Video Amazon Fire Stick Best Media Streaming Devices of 2016 Best Podcasts Best Projectors 2016 Best TVs of 2016 Chromecast Google Play Music Hulu MP3 Netflix Pandora Radio Playstation Vue Roku 2 Roku Streaming Stick Slacker Radio Spotify Utilities Back Adobe Acrobat Pro Advanced SystemCare Best Password Managers for 2016 Best Tune-Up Utilities 2016 Download YouTube Evernote (Web) Google Image Search Iolo System Mechanic 15.5 Review LastPass Never10 SlimWare Utilities SlimCleaner Plus Review Virtual Reality Back Oculus Rift The Best VR Headset VoIP Back Best VoIP Services 2016 RingCentral Office (for Business) Review Vonage Review VPN Back Best VPN Services 2016 Best Free VPN Hotspot Shield NordVPN Review Private Internet Access Web Hosting Back 1&1 Web Hosting Review Best Cheap Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Shared Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Small Business Web Hosting Services 2016 Best VPS Web Hosting Services for 2016 Bluehost Review Dreamhost Web Hosting Review Hostgator Review Hostwinds Web Hosting Review InMotion Web Hosting Review Coupons Subscribe Subscribe Nav_Assets Search for Arrow_Path CES2017 ComingtoNetflix NYResolutionApps TrendsThatNeedtoDie AlexaSkills Subscribe Home/ Reviews/ Software/ Internet/ Apple Flexes its Artificial Intelligence Muscle Apple Flexes its Artificial Intelligence Muscle By Tom Brant December 27, 2016 03:48pm EST 10 Comments The company's first research paper is a sign that it wants to shape the future of AI. Apple researchers have come up with an improved way to train artificial intelligence algorithms, an achievement that's less significant for its scientific value than for the fact that it may be a sign of more Apple AI research to come. While tech giants like Facebook, Google, and Microsoft have amassed considerable brainpower from AI academics and engineers and regularly advertise their findings, Apple has remained largely silent. The new algorithm training technique, detailed in a paper published last week, is Apple's first major public contribution to artificial intelligence research. It comes two months after Carnegie Mellon professor Russ Salakhutdinov joined the company as its director of AI research, signalling a shakeup in Apple's AI priorities. Related Apple Recruits Scientists to Bolster AI Research, Siri Apple Recruits Scientists to Bolster AI Research, Siri The paper itself doesn't exactly turn heads outside of research circles: it proposes a new method of using machine learning to more efficiently train neural networks, the building blocks of artificial intelligence that are present in everything from chatbots to self-driving cars. But it is sponsored by a company that until now has kept private virtually all of its research, AI or otherwise. The shift is due in part to Salakhutdinov's hiring. He is no stranger to the tech industry, having previously served as a Microsoft Research Faculty Fellow and picked up awards from Google and Nvidia. His background in academia, meanwhile, which prides itself on collaboration, means that he's less likely to subscribe to traditional Apple-style secrecy. Immediately after Salakhutdinov was hired, he remarked that he was "excited" about the new position and indicated that he would be looking to hire even more AI engineers. Beefing up its AI team would put Apple in a league with some of its traditional rivals like Microsoft, as well as Facebook, which is reserving large amounts of computing power from its data centers to power its AI research. Back to top Previous : Death and Donald Trump: Wikipedia's Most-Edited Pages of 20... Report: Germany May Fine Facebook $552K Per Fake News Story Next : By Tom Brant Tom is PCMag's San Francisco-based news reporter. He got his start in technology journalism by reviewing the latest hard drives, keyboards, and much more for PCMag's sister site, Computer Shopper. As a freelancer, he's written on topics as diverse as Borneo's rain forests, Middle Eastern airlines, and big data's role in presidential elections. A graduate of Middlebury College, Tom also has a master's journalism degree from New York University. Follow him on Twitter @branttom. More » More Stories by Tom Report: Apple to Cut iPhone 7 Production by 10 Percent Weaker demand and supply problems contribute to the cut. More » Amazon Teases Game, App Discounts for 'Digital Day' The sale starts tomorrow, and some video games will go for 80 percent off. More » Hacking Evidence in Hand, Obama Sanctions Russia US authorities provided technical details to back up their claims that Russian intelligence attacked... More » See More + Comments Login or Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus //Most Popular Articles What to Expect at CES 2017 13 Apps to Help You Keep Your New Year's Resolutions Tech Trends That Need to Die in 2017 Hatchimals and 7 Other Foul-Mouthed Toys Everything Coming to Netflix in January The Tech Stories That Awed, Disturbed, and Excited Us in 2016 »See More //Discover... The Biggest Software Flops of All Time The Eerie World of Abandoned Arcade Games TV Shows to Watch if You Love 'Stranger Things' »See More About Connect Ziff Davis Sites Subscribe Social About Us Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement PCMag Digital Edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Encyclopedia Contact Us AskMen Computer Shopper ExtremeTech Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com PC/Mac Apple iOS Amazon Kindle Google Android Customer Service SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram © 1996-2016 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. unused
null
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Why Apple Inc.'s Next iPad Pro Won't Be Delayed Due to Chip Yields Apple's iPad shipments just aren't large enough for low yield rates on chips to impact the launch schedule of new iPad models. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Dec 27, 2016 at 6:21PM DigiTimes recently published an article in which it said that both Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company (NYSE:TSM) and its archrival Samsung (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF) are seeing lower-than-expected manufacturing yield rates on their new 10-nanometer manufacturing technologies. Image source: Apple. This, the report suggests, could have an impact on Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) upcoming iPads. "TSMC is scheduled to start making Apple's A10X chips for the next-generation iPad series slated for launch in March 2017," the report says. DigiTimes, citing industry sources, explains that "unsatisfactory yields for the foundry's 10nm process could disrupt the schedule." But I don't think Apple investors ought to worry too much about a potential iPad schedule slip due to 10nm yield woes. Here's why. The iPad is low enough volume that low yields can be compensated for In fiscal year 2016, Apple shipped 45.59 million iPad units, or just under 22% the number of iPhone units that it shipped during that time. From a raw volume-shipment perspective, iPad is nowhere close to iPhone. Furthermore, while Apple tends to see a massive mix shift toward its latest iPhone models when new ones are released, the shift toward the latest iPad models is unlikely to be as significant once new models are released. Apple doesn't break down its unit shipments by individual model, but a recent report from market-research company IDC claimed that even with the iPad Pro (9.7-inch and 12.9-inch versions) on the market, "the iPad Air and Mini lines have been the models with mass appeal, accounting for more than two-thirds of [Apple's iPad] shipments this quarter." It is unlikely that iPad models with 10nm A10X chips will account for the bulk of Apple's iPad sales in the quarters following the launches of the new devices; it's more likely that most of the iPad models that Apple ships will use older chips, manufactured in more mature 14/16-nanometer technologies. So, if manufacturing yields on the 10nm A10X chip are low, this will only impact a fraction of Apple's total iPad volume shipments. And since the required volumes are so low, Apple might very well be able to compensate for low yields by simply having TSMC run more A10X wafers (and potentially having TSMC eat the increased costs associated with the lower-than-expected yields). Even if the new iPads are delayed, so what? Although I don't think a chip-related delay of the new iPad models is likely, it's important to put the relationship of Apple's iPad sales to Apple's overall business into perspective. Shipments of iPads are far dwarfed by iPhone shipments, and average selling prices on iPad models are generally much lower than they are on iPhone models. That means that, in fiscal year 2016, iPad revenue made up -- and this figure is rounded up -- just 9.6% of the company's total revenue. Unless the tablet market can be fundamentally reinvigorated, which seems unlikely in the near term (Apple's iPad sales have continued to plunge even as it introduces solid new products), being a month or two late with new iPads just isn't going to make a lasting difference to Apple's financial performance. Ashraf Eassa has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached at TMFChipFool@gmail.com. Follow him on Twitter: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info Dec 27, 2016 at 6:21PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $115.75 down $0.98 (-0.84%) Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing NYSE:TSM $28.75 down $0.38 (-1.30%) Samsung NASDAQOTH:SSNLF $1,250.00 no change (0.00%) Read More If You Doubt Apple, Inc.'s Interest in Cars, Think Again Apple, Inc. Had a Merry Christmas How Risky is Apple Inc. Stock? These 3 Tech Stocks Are Ridiculously Cheap What Ever Happened to Apple iBeacons? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current themotleyfool Why Apple Inc.'s Next iPad Pro Won't Be Delayed Due to Chip Yields #stocks $AAPL, $TSM, $SSNLF
Menu Subscribe Login My CSMonitor.com Login Register Manage Profile My Saved Items Log Out Subscription Information Subscribe Give a Gift Manage Account Daily News Briefing FREE E-mail Newsletter Subscribe Subscribe Give a Gift Manage Account Daily News Briefing FREE E-mail Newsletters Passcode Monitor Breakfast EqualEd Inhabit Home World All World Africa Africa Monitor Americas Latin America Monitor Asia Pacific Asia: South & Central Europe Middle East Global News Blog Passcode Passcode Voices Passcode Influencers Security Culture Progress Watch People Making a Difference Change Agent Specials Africa's AIDS Orphans Little Bill Clinton Hostage: The Jill Carroll Story World Topics Human Trafficking Series USA All USA Politics Monitor Breakfast Politics Voices Decoder Foreign Policy Military Justice USA Update Education EqualEd Society Politics of US Series Commentary All Commentary The Monitor's View Readers Respond Upfront Blog Global Newsstand Monitor Political Cartoons A Christian Science Perspective Business All Business The Bite Tax VOX The New Economy Saving Money In Gear Paper Economy Robert Reich Guide to Giving Energy / Environment All Energy / Environment Energy Energy Voices Inhabit Inhabit Events Technology All Technology Breakthroughs Voices Science All Science Complexity Science Notebook Spacebound Culture All Culture Arts Full Frame Photoblog Music Movies Monitor Movie Guide TV Verbal Energy The Home Forum Culture Cafe Family Food Stir It Up! Recipe Categories Books All Books Books Reviews Chapter & Verse Readers' Picks Take Action All Take Action Environment Education Conflict Resolution Disaster Relief and Recovery Human Trafficking Science First Look Apple’s AI team publishes its first research paper (+video) Following the announcement earlier this month that Apple would begin sharing their artificial intelligence research, the company’s AI team has already published their first scientific paper. Monitor's Best: Top 5 Congress returns to work, hot to repeal Obamacare Cover Story As world grays, seniors step up to create an 'age-friendly' future Inhabit How climate change threatens famed Amalfi Coast Next frontier in recycling: food Why Obama 'boxed-in' Trump with Russian sanctions Popular Now First Look NASA's latest plan for housing astronauts on Mars: igloos Congress returns to work, hot to repeal Obamacare Scientists develop 'Wolverine'-inspired material that heals itself Why is Dylann Roof rejecting his best defense against the death penalty? Cover Story As world grays, seniors step up to create an 'age-friendly' future Our best photos of the year 2016 SUBSCRIBE About video ads Women take photos in front of a large photo displayed of a MacBook computer in a demo room following the announcement of new products at Apple headquarters in October, in Cupertino, Calif. Marcio Jose Sanchez/AP/File | Caption J Walker Glascock December 27, 2016 —Apple, a company known for their secrecy, announced at a conference earlier this month that their artificial intelligence (AI) team would begin publishing research papers.  The announcement, made during a presentation via a single slide at the Neural Information Processing Systems (NIPS) conference, meant that the tech giant would begin engaging with the rest of the AI research community; a community that has long been combining efforts to further develop AI technology.  In fact, for some time Facebook, Amazon, Microsoft, Google, and IBM – companies that could benefit greatly from artificial intelligence – have all been openly sharing their research in an effort to jointly progress in this nascent industry. And now, less than a month after announcing their new policy, Apple has already published their first research paper, titled "Learning from Simulated and Unsupervised Images through Adversarial Training”. The paper addresses intelligent image-recognition technology, which involves training machines to recognize objects using computer-generated images. The idea behind the paper is that using images that were computer-generated, and thus already labeled and annotated, more quickly and efficiently improves the ability of an algorithm in a machine to recognize characteristics of an image, as opposed to using real-life images, which involves considerably more time and effort. In Pictures What will Apple think of next? Five ridiculous predictions. There exist, however, problems with solely using generated images, namely that they are less photorealistic than real images, and so the machine identifies and learns about only about details that are present in the digital rendering. Thus the paper outlines a hybrid approach of utilizing generated, annotated images and merging them with those from real life, creating sets of photorealistic images that have also been annotated. Though Apple’s recently published paper demonstrates an interesting and unique new approach to an angle of AI technology, their previous reticence in sharing any developments within the company had begun putting-off top-level researchers, possibly holding the company back. Prior to Apple announcing their intention to begin publishing research papers, Google had already open-sourced their Machine Learning Framework called TensorFlow as well as their AI acquisition, DeepMind Labs. Microsoft had open sourced their Cognitive Toolkit and had collaborated with Elon Musk’s Open AI to further advance research and development of new AI products, Wired reported. However Apple has been in the process of accelerating their own machine learning programs, having recently hired prominent Carnegie Mellon researcher, Russ Salakhutdinov (the man who made the announcement at the NIPS conference), as well as acquiring Percepto and Tuplejump, two startups with footholds in the industry. Ideally for the AI industry as a whole, this recent paper will be the first of many to be published from the Apple research team, further participating in the AI community.  Follow Stories Like This Get the Monitor stories you care about delivered to your inbox. Sign-Up × But not all scientists are entirely optimistic about the future of artificial intelligence. Renowned physicist and cosmologist Stephen Hawking is wary about the development of AI technology, as he believes it possible that computers could eventually emulate and even surpass human intelligence. "In short, the rise of powerful AI will be either the best, or the worst thing, ever to happen to humanity. We do not yet know which,” said Mr. Hawking, quoted by the BBC. Next Up In Pictures What will Apple think of next? Five ridiculous predictions. Why Google AlphaGo's victory over a human isn't just about Go By Max Lewontin Why tech giants are forming an AI coalition By Ben Rosen Photos of the Day Our best photos of the year 2016 Our Award-Winning Publication Subscribe to the Monitor's trustworthy weekly review of global news and ideas. SUBSCRIBE Stay Current. Go Far. Discover the Monitor Difference About Contact Us Subscribe E-Readers Advertise With Us Careers Find us online Content Map Text Edition Corrections Reprints & Permissions Multimedia A Christian Science Perspective © The Christian Science Monitor.All Rights Reserved. Terms.Privacy Policy.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Why Apple Inc.'s Next iPad Pro Won't Be Delayed Due to Chip Yields Apple's iPad shipments just aren't large enough for low yield rates on chips to impact the launch schedule of new iPad models. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Dec 27, 2016 at 6:21PM DigiTimes recently published an article in which it said that both Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company (NYSE:TSM) and its archrival Samsung (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF) are seeing lower-than-expected manufacturing yield rates on their new 10-nanometer manufacturing technologies. Image source: Apple. This, the report suggests, could have an impact on Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) upcoming iPads. "TSMC is scheduled to start making Apple's A10X chips for the next-generation iPad series slated for launch in March 2017," the report says. DigiTimes, citing industry sources, explains that "unsatisfactory yields for the foundry's 10nm process could disrupt the schedule." But I don't think Apple investors ought to worry too much about a potential iPad schedule slip due to 10nm yield woes. Here's why. The iPad is low enough volume that low yields can be compensated for In fiscal year 2016, Apple shipped 45.59 million iPad units, or just under 22% the number of iPhone units that it shipped during that time. From a raw volume-shipment perspective, iPad is nowhere close to iPhone. Furthermore, while Apple tends to see a massive mix shift toward its latest iPhone models when new ones are released, the shift toward the latest iPad models is unlikely to be as significant once new models are released. Apple doesn't break down its unit shipments by individual model, but a recent report from market-research company IDC claimed that even with the iPad Pro (9.7-inch and 12.9-inch versions) on the market, "the iPad Air and Mini lines have been the models with mass appeal, accounting for more than two-thirds of [Apple's iPad] shipments this quarter." It is unlikely that iPad models with 10nm A10X chips will account for the bulk of Apple's iPad sales in the quarters following the launches of the new devices; it's more likely that most of the iPad models that Apple ships will use older chips, manufactured in more mature 14/16-nanometer technologies. So, if manufacturing yields on the 10nm A10X chip are low, this will only impact a fraction of Apple's total iPad volume shipments. And since the required volumes are so low, Apple might very well be able to compensate for low yields by simply having TSMC run more A10X wafers (and potentially having TSMC eat the increased costs associated with the lower-than-expected yields). Even if the new iPads are delayed, so what? Although I don't think a chip-related delay of the new iPad models is likely, it's important to put the relationship of Apple's iPad sales to Apple's overall business into perspective. Shipments of iPads are far dwarfed by iPhone shipments, and average selling prices on iPad models are generally much lower than they are on iPhone models. That means that, in fiscal year 2016, iPad revenue made up -- and this figure is rounded up -- just 9.6% of the company's total revenue. Unless the tablet market can be fundamentally reinvigorated, which seems unlikely in the near term (Apple's iPad sales have continued to plunge even as it introduces solid new products), being a month or two late with new iPads just isn't going to make a lasting difference to Apple's financial performance. Ashraf Eassa has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached at TMFChipFool@gmail.com. Follow him on Twitter: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info Dec 27, 2016 at 6:21PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $115.75 down $0.98 (-0.84%) Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing NYSE:TSM $28.75 down $0.38 (-1.30%) Samsung NASDAQOTH:SSNLF $1,250.00 no change (0.00%) Read More If You Doubt Apple, Inc.'s Interest in Cars, Think Again Apple, Inc. Had a Merry Christmas How Risky is Apple Inc. Stock? These 3 Tech Stocks Are Ridiculously Cheap What Ever Happened to Apple iBeacons? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current themotleyfool Why Apple Inc.'s Next iPad Pro Won't Be Delayed Due to Chip Yields #stocks $AAPL, $TSM, $SSNLF
