iDownloadBlog Home Jailbreak How to Jailbreak Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Cydia Unlock How to Unlock Unlock News iPhone iPhone News iPhone 6s iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6 iPhone Photography iPad iPad News iPad Air iPad mini Watch Apple Watch Guide Mac Mac Mac Apps Mac Tips TV Apple TV guide Apps iOS Apps Mac Apps Widgets Best Apps App Finder Tips Tips How to Tutorial iPhone Photography Download Deals Daily Deals: $70 off Beyerdynamic headphones, 10 iTunes movies for $10, and... Happy New Year firework wallpapers The top stories of the week on iDB How to use AirPods like a pro   skip to main content skip to main menu     Apple reaches Apple Music deal with Indian ride-hailing firm Ola By Cody Lee, Nov 22, 2016 Tweet 1 Comment Apple is teaming up with Indian ride-hailing firm Ola to push Apple Music, reports the L.A. Times. The outlet says that the deal will result in the company’s streaming music service being available as part of Ola’s in-car experience. The platform is called Ola Play, and it already has several high-profile partners including Sony, Qualcomm and Audio Compass. It gives passengers the ability to control their vehicle’s climate and entertainment via an in-car tablet. “Cars were built for the driver,” Ola CEO Bhavish Agarwal said at a recent presser. “But with ride-sharing, the control needs to be there for the passenger, and Ola Play works along that.” Ola is the largest ride-sharing company in India. Apple earlier this year invested $1 billion in the Chinese ride-hailing service Didi Chuxing. This deal isn’t quite as notable, but it is a partnership with a major company that’s in a space and market the iPhone-maker is very interested in. Source: L.A. Times Image via TechCrunch Share: Tweet Follow: Follow @iDownloadBlog We Recommend djay Pro for iPhone is out: 4-deck mixing, waveform haptics, 3D Touch cue points & more Documentary about Roland’s legendary drum machine now available on Apple Music Apple Music now has more than 20 million subscribers Spotify could finally turn a profit in 2017, expand to China, Russia & South Korea Related Topics Apple, Apple Music, India, News, Ola Agneev Mukherjee Ola charges exorbitant prices!   Search Connect with iDownloadBlog Facebook Become a fan RSS Get the latest news YouTube Watch Us Twitter Stay up to date Newsletter News delivered to you Google+ Add us to your circle   The most recent headlines Apple Chinese New Year promo: free Beats Solo3 headphones with Mac or iPhone Resetting AirPods fixes charging case battery woes for some users Rumor: Apple seeding first iOS 10.3 beta on January 10 with new ‘Theatre’ mode Daily Deals: $70 off Beyerdynamic headphones, 10 iTunes movies for $10, and more Beautiful iPhone 7 photos show New Year’s Eve celebrations around the world   The latest jailbreak news Jailbreak tweaks of the week: CCLowPower, CCRecord, Evanesco, & more… CCLowPower adds a Low Power Mode toggle to Control Center ForceInPicture enables Picture in Picture mode on unsupported devices CCRecord: a tweak to quickly and easily record your iPhone screen Customize your iOS 10 Control Center toggle colors with Cream 2 and Creamless iDownloadBlog           iDownloadblog.com About About Advertise Contact Keep in Touch Twitter Facebook RSS Feed Newsletter Push Notifications Podcasts Let's Talk iOS Let's Talk Jailbreak Site Stuff Disclosure Privacy Policy   Copyright iDownloadBlog 2017. This website is not affiliated with Apple.
Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money More > Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Shopping money You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. Apple Teases First Black Friday Sale Since 2014 The Street 11/22/2016 Annie Palmer © TheStreet Apple Teases First Black Friday Sale Since 2014 Apple is officially entering the fray of Black Friday deals. A notice on the technology giant's website advertises a one-day shopping event on Friday, Nov. 25, but doesn't provide any further details on which items will be included in the sale, despite featuring a dominant image of the Apple Watch. The deals appear to be available both online and in stores. The site also promotes the company's Apple Store app and free two-day delivery, while encouraging customers to take advantage of extended in-store hours. The move marks an end to Apple's one-year hiatus from offering Black Friday deals. Apple's senior vice president of retail Angela Ahrendts said last year that it wouldn't have any Black Friday promotions because "being good to your employees will always be good for your business," according to Fortune. Apple has never really provided steep Black Friday discounts. In the past, Apple has offered $100 off on Macs that typically retail for more than $1,000, Fortune reports. Go to MSN Home More in Money 10 brands that will disappear in 2017 24/7 Wall St. Most and least expensive states to live in Lovemoney 7 things that will get way more expensive this year The Street The best charities to donate to 24/7 Wall St. 19 cities that will rule the world in 2025 Lovemoney The 10 best stocks to buy for 2017 InvestorPlace Up Next What to buy and what to skip in January Cheapism AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More From The Street Drugstore Chain CVS Poised for a Rebound The Street Here's Your Last Chance to Sell Shake Shack, 4 More 'Toxic Stocks' in 2016 The Street Two Epic Retail Predictions for the New Year That Could Make You Gobs of Money The Street Apple Reportedly Cutting Back Production for the iPhone 7 The Street The Street View the full site Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Shopping © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Jan 02, 9:58 PM EST Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology Did Jony Ive Ditch Apple’s iPhone, Mac Design Duties For 'Spaceship' Campus, Store? By Corazon Victorino On 11/22/16 AT 6:48 PM Close Is Jony Ive no longer involved with Apple’s iPhone and Mac design departments? This is the question long-time Apple journalists Jason Snell and John Gruber answered this week after learning about what the Cupertino giant’s chief design officer is up to lately.  Ive has always been at the forefront of the design aspects of Apple’s iPhones and Mac devices, but as of late Gruber believes that he is only involved with the continuous developing projects for the two product lines in spirit. Gruber even said Ive “may only be spiritual leadership at this point.” Unearthing what could probably be the reason or reasons for Ive to ditch his duties with the teams working on the iPhone and Mac lines, Snell and Gruber derived with a speculation that Ive is more invested in Apple’s “Spaceship” campus and store design lately. "I've heard that he has lately been checked out or not as directly involved with product design and that he's been largely focused on architecture," Gruber said on his “The Talk Show” podcast on Nov. 18. "And that maybe the other top-level executive who's been working the most with Ive is Angela Ahrendts." Related Stories Apple Black Friday Event Announced Apple's Phil Schiller Talks 32GB RAM MacBook Pro With Touch Bar Apple Will Replace iPhone 6s Batteries For Free Gruber and Snell also claimed that it’s possible that Ive may have already assumed a “Jobs-like role” in the Cupertino tech giant, and he could be the one behind the ambitious Apple car project that was unfortunately scaled back. Both journalists also speculated that Apple’s $300 “Designed by Apple in California” photo book could have been “decreed” by Ive in order for him to showcase his contributions to the company.  AppAdvice reports that the expensive picture book that documents Apple’s products for the last 20 years is seen by many as Ive’s overt effort amid his slow retirement from the tech giant. For some time now, many are speculating that Ive is already considering retiring from Apple, but the 49-year-old chief design officer has never confirmed this.  AppleInsider also claims the coffee-table book is Ive’s swan-song because of his imminent departure from the company. However, when Ive introduced the photo book, he clearly pointed out the purpose behind its creation when he said, "This archive is intended to be a gentle gathering of many of the products the team has designed over the years. We hope it brings some understanding to how and why they exist, while serving as a resource for students of all design disciplines." Do you think Jony Ive is retiring soon? Sound off in the comments below. Join the Discussion Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Business Samsung To Release Note 7 Probe Results Soon The South Korean company will reportedly make public the results of its investigation into the Note 7 battery fiasco before the end of January. Technology HTC Ocean Note Will Be Called U Ultra The HTC U Ultra is said to come with a 6-inch display and will be revealed on Jan. 12. World American Survived Istanbul Attack By 'Playing Dead' William Jacob Raak took a bullet and remained in place as a rampage went on around him. National Lake Erie Plane Crash Victim Was College Student Megan Casey was returning home with her family after seeing an NBA game when the plane she was flying in disappeared. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Jan 02, 9:58 PM EST Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology Free iPhone 7, 7 Plus: T-Mobile Launches Black Friday Deals With Trade-In Offers For Flagship Handsets By Corazon Victorino On 11/22/16 AT 6:45 PM Close T-Mobile is up to speed when it comes to offering consumers Black Friday deals that are hard to resist. Just this Tuesday, the major carrier announced its deals for this Black Friday weekend. If you are eager to have your very own Apple iPhone 7 or iPhone 7 Plus, you need to be vigilant because you can get one for free.  T-Mobile’s Black Friday deals will be available starting Nov. 24 and will last until the weekend only. “This Black Friday weekend only, T-Mobile’s giving away flagship smartphones for FREE, PLUS, for a limited time, you can get a cool $200 of spending money for EVERY line you switch to T-Mobile,” the carrier’s announcement on its Newsroom reads.  For consumers who want to get a brand new iPhone 7 or iPhone 7 Plus, T-Mobile is offering 32GB models of the two smartphones. However, they can only be availed for free with an eligible unlimited plan. Also, the handsets that you can trade for a brand new iPhone 7 or 7 Plus are only limited to iPhone 7, 7 Plus, 6s and 6s Plus. Older models all the way to iPhone 5 can also be used for this promo, but owners would have to pay $350 to get an iPhone 7 and $450 to get an iPhone 7 Plus.  Related Stories Apple Black Friday Event Announced Apple's Phil Schiller Talks 32GB RAM MacBook Pro With Touch Bar Apple Will Replace iPhone 6s Batteries For Free The carrier also specified that aside from Apple’s iPhones, consumers can also get the latest flagship devices from Samsung, LG and other top-selling smartphone brands. To get an iPhone 7 for just $100, users can surrender their Samsung Galaxy note 4, Galaxy S5, LG G4 and V10. The same devices can also be used to get an iPhone 7 Plus for just $200. Also, as a trade-in bonus, people who switch to T-Mobile are getting $200. MacRumors has learned that people can receive up to $2,400 depending on the number of lines they are switching to T-Mobile. In addition, even non-T-Mobile subscribers will be benefiting from the carrier’s Black Friday madness since T-Mobile also announced that people who are flying on Gogo®-equipped domestic flights will get an hour of in-flight WiFi for free.  T-Mobile is also offering Black Friday deals for those who want devices aside from smartphones. People who are getting a Galaxy S7 or S7 edge are receiving a free Gear VR and a $50 Oculus app store gift card. There are also deals for a free Samsung Tab E, LG Gpad X, UE Boom 2 wireless speaker and LG Tone Pro 760 bluetooth headset, among others. You can check out T-Mobile's trade-in page for more info on these deals here. Join the Discussion Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Business Samsung To Release Note 7 Probe Results Soon The South Korean company will reportedly make public the results of its investigation into the Note 7 battery fiasco before the end of January. Technology HTC Ocean Note Will Be Called U Ultra The HTC U Ultra is said to come with a 6-inch display and will be revealed on Jan. 12. World American Survived Istanbul Attack By 'Playing Dead' William Jacob Raak took a bullet and remained in place as a rampage went on around him. National Lake Erie Plane Crash Victim Was College Student Megan Casey was returning home with her family after seeing an NBA game when the plane she was flying in disappeared. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Login All Reviews Editorials News Happy 2017 from The Mac Observer! Want to Edit Your Tweets? Let Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey Know AirPods Production in Overtime to Cut Shipping Delays Tips Tip: Fix The Vincedes3 iMessage-Crashing Bug With One Tap AirPods: Useful Siri Commands and Other Tips Podcasts Happy New Year from Your Two Favorite Geeks – Mac Geek Gab 638 Apple's Unused Patent Lawsuit, Twitter Features We Want - TMO Daily Observations 2016-12-30 View All Results → iKlip Grip Pro an Excellent Multifunction Tripod, Monopod, Selfie Stick Minix NEO C Mini USB-C to HDMI: Low Cost, Low Weight Just Mobile's AluCharge 4-Port USB-A Charger Falls Just Short Matias Wireless Aluminum Keyboard: The Apple Keyboard You've Been Looking For Brydge 12.9 Aluminum Keyboard for iPad Pro Exudes Class View All Reviews → My 3 Favorite iOS Apps From 2016 Apple Sued for Not Including Patented Technology in iPhone Resolve to Back Up Your Mac in 2017 macOS Sierra: Best Listener Yet How to Decipher Apple's Conflicting Messaging About Macs View All Editorials → TMO Daily Observations 2016-11-22: Listener Comments on Apple’s WiFi Plans Jeff Gamet @jgamet · +Jeff Gamet Nov 22nd, 2016 12:57 PM EST | The Mac Observer's Daily Observations Podcast Yesterday’s show about Apple dissolving its wireless networking team got lots of comments and questions from listeners, so today Dave Hamilton and John Martellaro join Jeff Gamet to offer up their responses to your reactions, and share their thoughts on your questions. MP3 Feed Feedback TMO Daily Observations 2016-11-22: Listener Comments on Apple's WiFi Plans 12:57 PM Nov. 22nd, 2016 — Download: MP3 Version (AAC Version Coming Soon) Yesterday’s show about Apple dissolving its wireless networking team got lots of comments and questions from listeners, so today Dave Hamilton and John Martellaro join... Listener comments: Apple dissolves WiFi networking team Apple Quietly Kills AirPort Extreme by Breaking Up Wireless Router Team Wi-Fi Mesh Systems Compared: eero, Orbi, AmpliFi Retina MacBook Pro Touch Bar first impressions TMO Daily Observations Twitter feed Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit More Email Print Tumblr Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials My 3 Favorite iOS Apps From 2016 Andrew Orr | December 30, 2016 Apple Sued for Not Including Patented Technology in iPhone Bryan Chaffin | December 29, 2016 TMO Weekly Sponsor Have a tech question? Visit our Mac Geek Gab Facebook Group and have the tech support brilliance of the entire Mac Geek Gab community at your fingertips! Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $115.82 -0.91 (-0.78%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store 6788 Jeff Gamet tmo-daily-observations 0 1479819469 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Archive 2015 Archive 2014 Archive 2013 Archive 2012 Archive 2011 Archive View Full Archive Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.

Vogue Fashion Beauty Culture Living Runway Pre-Fall 2017 Spring 2017 Ready-to-Wear Spring 2017 Menswear Resort 2017 Fall 2016 Couture Videos SUBSCRIBE 6 issues for $6 Give A Gift Renew International Most Shared 1 An Appreciation of Anthony Hopkins’s Very Artful Instagram Account 2 Melania Trump Rings in the New Year in Dolce & Gabbana 3 Will and Jada Pinkett Smith Have Had Couple Style Down for 19 Years Fashion > Shopping Attention Shoppers! Vogue Editors Are Revealing Their Black Friday Wish Lists November 22, 2016 5:48 pm by Marjon Carlos|edited by Anny Choi email 1 / 14 Expand __SLIDE_TITLE__ __SLIDE_CAPTION__ __SLIDE_CREDIT__ See more photos of: Read Caption email __SLIDE_TITLE__ __SLIDE_CAPTION__ __SLIDE_CREDIT__ Vogue may earn compensation on these sales through affiliate programs. See more photos of: Expand Photographed by Steven Meisel, Vogue, January 2007 See more photos of: Expand Nicole Phelps, Director, Vogue Runway “I don’t buy much for myself this time of year, so if I do go shopping on Black Friday it will be for Christmas gifts. I’d love to give my sister this indigo-dyed blanket from Love Adorned. She organized a fun indigo-dyeing project upstate this summer; this gorgeous creation will inspire next year’s endeavor.” Love Adorned vintage West African indigo textile, $340, loveadorned.com Photo: All the Courtesy of loveadorned.com See more photos of: Expand Jorden Bickham, Vogue.com Executive Fashion Editor “Gucci hats for the family, if the price is right, and a Balenciaga blouse if it hits 40 percent off.” Balenciaga oversize striped poplin shirt, $855, net-a-porter.com; Gucci kids wool hat, $210, melijoe.com; Gucci knit wool pom-pom hat, $177, saksfifthavenue.com; Gucci knit wool pom-pom hat, $177, saksfifthavenue.com Photo: (Clockwise from top left) Courtesy of net-a-porter.com; Courtesy of melijoe.com; Courtesy of Saks Fifth Avenue; Courtesy of Saks Fifth Avenue See more photos of: Expand Edward Barsamian, Vogue.com Style Editor “With winter coming up, I’m always in the market for a new shearling and Kanye West’s Yeezy Season 3 version is the cold-weather equivalent of a hoodie, making it a must-have. Another piece I’ve had my eye on is Victoria Beckham’s flat-top visor shades which provide total protection from the sun and also happen to block out any unwanted side eye. I recently got the Apple Watch Series 2 and while I adore the sport straps, I’m thinking it’s time for an elegant upgrade to the Hermès double tour in navy, which is perfect for day or night. And finally, while it’s not terribly exciting, I love restocking my sock and underwear drawer and Nice Laundry combines both with fun colors and prints.” Yeezy hooded shearling in True Onyx, $1,800, yeezysupply.com; Victoria Beckham flat-top visor, $450, victoriabeckham.com; Apple Watch Hermès, $489, apple.com; Nice Laundry Dreamer VI, $49, nicelaundry.com; Nice Laundry boxer briefs, $49, nicelaundry.com Photo: (Clockwise from top left) Courtesy of yeezysupply.com; Courtesy of victoriabeckham.com; Courtesy of Apple; Courtesy of nicelaundry.com; Courtesy of nicelaundry.com See more photos of: Expand Steff Yotka, Vogue.com Fashion News and Emerging Platforms Editor “I have wanted all three of these items—the Bliss and Mischief jeans, the J.W.Anderson Pierce bag, and these fab Double Disco earring—for ages, so I’ll be praying to the Black Friday gods for a sale.” Bliss and Mischief Jane patchwork denim, $348, blissandmischief.com; Double Disco Pearly Hearts hoop earring, $260, doubledisco.com; J.W.Anderson black medium Pierce bag, $1,690, j-w-anderson.com Photo: (Clockwise from top left) Courtesy of blissandmischief.com; Courtesy of doubledisco.com; Courtesy of j-w-anderson.com See more photos of: Expand Emily Farra, Vogue.com Fashion News Associate “Nothing’s worse than buying something you don’t really love just because it was ‘a good deal.’ This Black Friday, I’m looking to invest in new classics I won’t regret. I’ve been looking for patent leather boots for years, and this Gianvito Rossi pair is simple and perfect. I’m also on the hunt for a new, classic blazer, like this double-breasted one from J.Crew, and want to add another J.Hannah ring to my collection!” J.Crew double-breasted blazer in Italian wool with satin lapel, $278, jcrew.com; J.Hannah Form ring II, from $225, jhannahjewelry.com; Gianvito Rossi patent leather ankle boots, $945, net-a-porter.com Photo: (Clockwise from top left) Courtesy of J.Crew; Courtesy of jhannahjewelry.com; Courtesy of net-a-porter.com See more photos of: Expand Brooke Bobb, Vogue.com Living Writer “I am due for a new set of soft white sheets and a much cozier bath robe from ABC Home. I’ll never get them for myself if I don’t just pull the trigger once they’re on sale. Plus, it’s almost hibernation season—perfect timing.” Bella Notte Madera white sheets, $317, abchome.com; Ocean Organics Off-White bathrobe, $260, abchome.com Photo: All the Courtesy of abchome.com See more photos of: Expand Anny Choi, Vogue.com Associate Market Editor “My wish list could go on forever but here are some things on the top right now: Céline hoop earrings—perfect for everyday, The Row shoulder bag for all my holiday parties and events—I always have such a hard time when it comes to evening clutches and love how different and non-festive this one is. I’m on a hunt for the warmest parka for this winter that’s supposed to be brutal—this Canada Goose one seems like it will do the trick, and lastly, I’m never not shopping for a designer swimsuit—Dolce, Missoni, you name it! Obsessing over this Pucci right now!” Céline circular earrings in gold brass, $530, celine.com; Canada Goose Liberty parka, $1,200, canadagoose.com; Emilio Pucci Beach printed bikini, $465, mytheresa.com; The Row Happy Hour 7 painted leather shoulder bag, $990, net-a-porter.com Photo: (Clockwise from top left) Courtesy of Celine; Courtesy of mytheresa.com; Courtesy of net-a-porter.com; Courtesy of canadagoose.com See more photos of: Expand Sophia Li, Vogue.com Entertainment Media Editor “This Black Friday, I’ll be on a plane to Paris so online shopping will suffice. Airport security lines are enough of a crowd for me. I recently ordered a rug from this Swedish company, Nordic Knots, after discovering it at a friend’s place so hoping it will have arrived upon my return. Each rug is handwoven, inspired by the colors of Stockholm, and ridiculously soft. Also, have been on a kick where I only wear pointed-toe witchy boots. I believe in the power of elongated legs. Then probably a handful more knit turtleneck sweaters from Muji and donating money to Planned Parenthood under Mike Pence’s name. If you are inclined as well: Office of Governor Mike Pence State House, Room 206 Indianapolis, IN 46204-2797” Muji washable plain stitch turtleneck sweater, $20, muji.us; Nordic Knots rug in stripes, $289, nordicknots.com; Frances Valentine Belle suede boots, $655, francesvalentine.com Photo: (Clockwise from top left) Courtesy of Muji; Courtesy of nordicknots.com; Courtesy of francesvalentine.com See more photos of: Expand Anna-Lisa Yabsley, Vogue.com Associate Director of Audience Development “I love to cook, and know my way around a kitchen. But baking is not my forte. So what better way to hone my skills than with the perfect kitchen appliance—and one that I also happen to find extremely aesthetically pleasing. Truth be told, I have an unhealthy Ralph Lauren Home obsession. With winter creeping upon us, I have seriously got my eye on this wool throw. I am basically trying to turn our apartment into a Swiss Chalet (much to my husband’s amusement). Side note, I already have vintage skis on the wall.” KitchenAid Artisan Series 5-quart tilt-head stand mixer, $350, kitchenaid.com; Ralph Lauren Montclair wool throw blanket, $750, ralphlauren.com Photo: (Clockwise from top left) Courtesy of kitchenaid.com; Courtesy of Ralph Lauren See more photos of: Expand Luke Leitch, Vogue.com Contributor “I’m a sucker for Massimo Alba’s gorgeous, under-the-radar menswear—so if any of it drifts into Mr Porter’s Black Friday vortex, I’ll come running to the rescue. Absolutely my favorite sneaker—Maison Margiela 22’s “Replica” of the German military “Bundeswehr Sportschuhe”—is often released in fantastic new fabrications. I’m stalking this one on Yoox. A dream lens, too. Probably far too incredible to be discounted. Sigh.” Massimo Alba cashmere hoodie, $830, mrporter.com; Nikon AF FX NIKKOR 35mm, $1,697, amazon.com; Maison Margiela 22, $408, yoox.com Photo: (Clockwise from top left) Courtesy of mrporter.com; Courtesy of amazon.com; Courtesy of yoox.com See more photos of: The funny thing about Black Friday shopping is that there is nothing that can put you off of indulging in the season’s biggest markdowns more than actually shopping on Black Friday. Navigating one’s way through the fray of overeager bargain shoppers, standing in excruciating lines, and combing through picked-over piles of merchandise can send you reeling. But there is still that gnawing feeling that you may never know the soft touch of that Jacquemus coat that’s been calling your name all season. Or horrors of horrors, someone else could nab the last pair of size 10s in your beloved Mansur Gavriel heel slipper leather mules before you do. Damned if you do, damned if you don’t? Well, Vogue editors have a more stealth approach: determining a shopping game plan in advance. Compiling wish lists, hyperlinks, and even placing items in their online shopping carts ahead of time, our fashion conscious team is trying to beat the crowds in style this year. Y’know, before things get a little out of hand. Above, the Vogue team breaks down their Black Friday must-haves.     Subscribe now6 Issues for $6 Subscribe In This Story: Vogue Staffers Holiday Gifts Clothes Shopping Share Tweet Add a Comment Tweet Subscribe Now6 Issues for $6 Subscribe Recommended For You __title__ __category__ __title__ __category__ Vogue Fashion Runway Beauty Culture Living Magazine City Guides Videos Subscribe VOGUE VIP Vogue App Vogue Shop Promotions Vogue Archive Vogue Podcast Log In | Register Log Out Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest Instagram Sign up for Newsletter Contact Press Subscriptions Digital Editions Vogue Worldwide UK India Italy Mexico Australia Germany Korea Spain Taiwan Russia France Brazil Japan Portugal Ukraine Turkey China Reprints/Permissions Media Kits Careers Condé Nast Digital Allure Architectural Digest Ars Technica Backchannel Bon Appétit Brides.com Condé Nast Traveler Epicurious Glamour Golf Digest Golf World GQ GQ Style Pitchfork Self Teen Vogue The New Yorker The Scene Vanity Fair Vogue W Wired Magazine Customer Service Sitemap © 2017 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/2014) and Privacy Policy (Effective 1/2/2014). Your California Privacy Rights The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached, or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. x Okay Sign Up for Our Newsletters Vogue Daily - Celebrity style, beauty tips, culture news, and more. Vogue Runway - Daily fashion news, runway coverage, street style, and more. Will be used in accordance with our Privacy Rights. Loading...
Skip to search. New user? Register Sign in Help Make Yahoo7 My Homepage Mail My Yahoo7 Yahoo7 Yahoo Finance Search Search web HOME NEWS & OPINION TAX TIME 2016 INVESTING Market Stats Currencies Online Trading Education MY PORTFOLIOS Sign in to access your portfolios PERSONAL FINANCE Money Manager Videos Experts Tips & Tools Real Estate Investing Fame & Fortune Forums Photos VIDEO Expert Opinion Australian Dollar Top Stories Stock Market Columnists Currencies Companies Video Search for share prices Tip : Use comma (,) to separate multiple quotes. Learn more... Finance Search Tue, Jan 3, 2017, 2:09 PM AEDT - Australia Markets close in 1 hr 51 mins Google may face policy setback under TrumpAAP – Wed, Nov 23, 2016 10:01 AM AEDT Recommend 0 Tweet 0 Share0 Print Google faces a tougher regulatory landscape as US President-elect Donald Trump's incoming administration looks poised to reverse policies that often favoured the internet giant in the company's battles with telecoms and cable heavyweights, analysts say. Google had close ties with outgoing Democrat President Barack Obama's administration, and its employees donated much more to defeated Democrat presidential candidate Hillary Clinton than to the Republican Trump. In the most concrete sign yet that the tech policy balance may be tipping in favor of telecom firms ahead of Trump's presidency, the US Federal Communications Commission has halted action on contentious regulatory reform measures opposed by companies such as AT&T and CenturyLink. In addition, the commission is now expected to reject FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler's high-profile proposal to open up the $US20 billion market for rented pay-TV set-top boxes, according to two people with knowledge of the matter. That measure would have dealt a big blow to cable companies and created an opening for firms such as Google and Apple. Obama had thrown his support behind the initiative, a move AT&T decried as an improper intervention on behalf of what it called a "Google proposal." "Google has been much more actively involved in this than Apple has," said Jan Dawson, analyst at Jackdaw Research. "I'm not sure it's critical to Google's business at all that it be allowed to provide these next generation set-top boxes, but there was a business opportunity there." Cable companies have expressed concerns that rivals like Google or Apple could create devices or apps and insert their own content or advertising in cable content. The FCC's moves came a day after Republican lawmakers urged Wheeler, a Democrat, to avoid any contested regulations in the waning days of the Obama administration, saying new rules would be subject to review by the incoming Republican-led Congress and Trump's administration and "could create confusion if reversed." "The question is how far will the pendulum swing back" in favor of telecom companies, said Hal Singer, senior fellow at the George Washington Institute of Public Policy. "It has swung in Google's direction under the FCC and Chairman Wheeler." Among other regulations, Trump's election has increased the chances that Obama's net neutrality rules, adopted by the FCC in early 2015, could be rolled back, analysts said. Most Republicans strongly oppose net neutrality, which requires internet service providers to treat all data equally and bars them from obstructing or slowing down consumer access to web content. The rules were a victory for internet firms like Google and Netflix that have advocated an open internet. Jimmy Schaeffler, telecom industry consultant at the Carmel Group, said "the bottom line is that things will change and there will be less optimism among and fewer opportunities" for companies like Google that do not own the internet networks. "That's going to impede their success and those that rely on what they do," Schaeffler added. Republicans in Congress or at a Republican-controlled FCC under a Trump administration could also pare back new privacy rules adopted in October that subject internet service providers to stricter rules than those faced by Google and other websites. Since Trump's victory, Alphabet shares have fallen 2.4 per cent, Netflix shares have dropped 5.9 per cent and Amazon shares are down 2 per cent. AT&T and Verizon Communications Inc shares have been relatively unchanged, while Comcast Corp shares have soared 7.7 per cent. Google did not respond to requests for comment. Telecoms and cable companies have accused Wheeler of favoring Google at the expense of cable companies. Responding to the criticism, Wheeler said in May: "I hear that allegation, and I scratch my head. I don't get that charge." "Certainly the sort of cozy relationship that Google enjoyed with the Obama administration is not going to continue with Trump," Jackdaw Research's Dawson added. Some analysts and former Google lobbyists noted that the company similarly faced a set of challenging regulatory dynamics when it opened its Washington office in 2005, with Republicans controlling the White House and both houses of Congress and the young tech firm widely perceived to have a liberal bent. "They have a tailwind (in the Obama administration), and that does end now," a former Google employee at the company's Washington office said. "But I think in the long run Google is going to be just fine in Washington. In many ways, its whole operation was built just for moments like this." @y7finance on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook Top Stories » Home prices jumped 10.9% in 2016AAP Home prices in Australia's capital cities rose 10.9 per cent in 2016, their biggest annual jump in seven years. … ANZ selling Chinese bank stake for $1.84bnAAP Scammers demanding gift cards or bitcoinAAP ANZ offloads Shanghai bank stakeAFP Sponsored  Market Data Currencies Currencies Name Price Change % Chg AUD / USD 0.7227 +0.0031 +0.43% AUD/USD AUD / GBP 0.5877 +0.0019 +0.32% AUD/GBP AUD / EUR 0.6899 +0.0027 +0.39% AUD/EUR Go To Currency Converter » On This Site HOME NEWS & OPINION TAX TIME 2016 INVESTING MY PORTFOLIOS PERSONAL FINANCE VIDEO Expert Opinion ALSO ON YAHOO7 Mail Stocks & Shares Forum Meet Single Women Meet Single Men TV Guide Easy Recipe Ideas Go Travelling Tips To Great Sex Breaking News Find Your Dream Car Weather Forecast Find A Job All Yahoo7 Services » Trending Now Margot Robbie Car Insurance Test cricket Gabba Free iTunes download Donald Trump Gumtree Aussie weather Gold Coast accommodation Aleppo Cairns Accommodation Help / Suggestions Privacy Terms Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges. Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page. Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein. Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ. Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI). International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc. Yahoo7 News Network
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Apple in 2017: What’s next for Mac, iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch & Apple TV this year Trending in Apple Apple Watch, New Year’s resolutions, and losing 50 pounds Trending in Reviews Hands-on: LG Apple-endorsed 5K Display – an UltraFine choice for MacBook Pro owners? [Video] Trending in Apple Review: Nanoleaf’s Aurora smart lighting panels match modular customization with HomeKit control [Video] Trending in Apple iPhone 8: Everything we currently know about Apple’s 10th anniversary flagship Trending in Apple Comment: Apple continues to explore bringing the Digital Crown to iPhones & iPads, and I still like the idea November 22, 2016 AAPL: 111.80 0.07 Apple partners with Indian ride-hailing service Ola to bring Apple Music to passengers Chance Miller - 1 month ago @ChanceHMiller Apple Music Apple Car View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Apple has recently signed a deal with Indian ride-sharing service Ola that will see Apple Music become available in some of the service’s cars The Los Angeles Times first reported on the partnership, explaining that Apple Music will come to some cars as part of a platform known as “Ola Play.” Ola, for those unfamiliar, is India’s largest ride-hailing company, similar to that of Uber and Lyft. The service’s partnership with Apple is similar to Uber’s 2014 partnership with Spotify, which allows riders to control the music played in their Uber via the Spotify app on their phone. The Ola Play platform is slightly different from Uber’s, however. Essentially, when a rider books an Ola car, they will be able to control air conditioning and music from an in-car tablet, while they’ll also be able to read ebooks and watch videos. In this case, the music will be streamed from Apple Music. “Cars were initially built for the driver,” Ola Chief Executive Bhavish Agarwal said during a news conference reported on by India media outlet YourStory. “But with ride-sharing, the control needs to be there for the passenger, and Ola Play works along that.” At this point, it’s unclear as to the extent of Apple’s partnership with Ola. It could very well be that Apple is simply offering a discounted rate of Apple Music subscriptions for Ola cars, or there could be much more to it. Notably, this is the second ride-hailing company Apple has formally partnered with. Earlier this year, the company invested $1 billion in Chinese ride-hailing service Didi Chuxing and took a spot on the service’s board of directors. Not much has publicly come of that partnership as of now, though. At the time of that investment, Tim Cook explained that one reason for the partnership was to give Apple a way to learn more about the Chinese market as a whole. As Apple works to establish retail locations in India and perhaps manufacture products there as well, its partnership with Ola could very well be for similar reasons. Apple’s own car initiates have been somewhat unclear as of late, with some reports even suggesting that Apple has abandon plans for an actual car altogether. Nevertheless, its recent partnership with Ola suggests that Apple has other ways planned for entering the car industry. Guides Apple Music: Apple's streaming music service View THe Guide Apple Car | Everything we know about Apple's rumored electric car. Everything we know about Apple's rumored electric car. View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
  Skip to Main Content Techlicious - tech made simple Choose It Use It Deals Home Browse Topics Latest News Techlicious Top Picks Reviews How-Tos Deals Tech Made Simple Hot Topics: How to Fix Bluetooth Problems | The Best Coffee Grinder | Best Fitness Trackers Under $50 | Complete Guide to Facebook Privacy Choose It 20 Great Holiday Gift Ideas for Kids posted by Tara Settembre on November 22, 2016 in Gifts, Family and Parenting, Baby & Toddler, Kids, Guides & Reviews :: 1 comment It seems like kids’ wish lists get longer and longer every holiday. What to get and what to forget? Don’t let the decisions overwhelm you. We’ve seen and played with the most anticipated toys and technology products of the 2016 holiday season. This Techlicious-approved holiday gift guide is filled with educational and entertaining presents for kids of all ages.  Love2Learn Elmo Plush Toy and App   Yes, every year there is a new Elmo doll, but the latest Love2Learn Elmo toy is our favorite yet. This is the most interactive Elmo toy to date, featuring more than 350phrases. Elmo can even say your child’s name! Bluetooth capabilities allow the Love2Learn Elmo to respond to scenes in the app games, providing a cohesive, interactive play experience. Connect Elmo to the corresponding app to allow the Sesame Street character to interact with your little one. Elmo encourages children to learn letters, numbers and daily routines that will help get them ready for school. Program Elmo to know your child’s name and favorite colors, animals and foods. My boys think it’s magic. Customize the learning focus with three content stages and five subjects including letters, numbers, shapes, colors and animals. A Parent Helper section in the app lets you select songs and phrases Elmo can say in real time. Elmo offers children support and encouragement in important daily routines such as brushing their teeth and going to the potty. This cuddly plush toy is lighter and a little bit smaller than last year’s edition. The companion app’s child mode features games and fun. With sensors in the nose, hands, and belly, Elmo responds to your child’s touch. For even more fun, tickle Elmo to hear him giggle, or touch his hand to his belly to play bongo music and other instruments. Ages: 18 months and up Price: $29 at Amazon LeapFrog LeapStart Interactive Learning System   I'm always looking for age-appropriate learning tools for my twins as they discover and grow. The new LeapStart, an all-in-one interactive early learning system for preschoolers through first-graders, comes jam-packed with instruction on key school and life skills for curious kids. The LeapStart comes with a sampler book to get you started. After that, choose from a library of replayable activity books (not games) sold separately. Each book focuses on skills like reading, writing, math, coding and STEM skills. Every book is categorized by age range recommendations. Once you register the device, download the LeapStart audio for the activity book. It's pretty easy to do. Insert the book’s binding into the LeapStart holder, much like a binder minus the scary claws. Attached to the case is a stylus that helps your child maintain a proper writing grip. We like that this toy is screen-free and functions more like a book than a tablet, since sometimes kids need a screen time break. The Leap Start still employs technology to make learning more interactive. Most activities incorporate fun music and songs. Because the device folds like a laptop, it’s portable, and it’s quite durable, unlike expensive tablets. There are two models, one with a more stubby stylus for preschoolers and one with a regular stylus for kindergarteners and first graders. Both systems are compatible with all of the LeapStart activity books. Ages: 2 to 7 years Price: Preschool model is $23.99 on Amazon, Kindergarten/1st Grade model is $29.88 on Amazon; activity books starting at $6.79 on Amazon VTech DigiArt Creative Easel A new spin on a classic toy, this first vocabulary builder uses moving lights with six fun activities for language This easel-shaped activity station transforms from a stand-up, light-up dry-erase board to a chalkboard. Then it folds down to a flat, elevated drawing table children can sit alongside with a chair. That multifunctionality alone is great. But this easel is interactive, too, teaching children how to draw more than 100 objects and shapes by following the lights using the connected magic pen. Children use the magic pen to follow the lights and learn letter and number stroke order for uppercase letters and numbers one through 20. I appreciate this as a parent, and fortunately kids enjoy it too. Kids can explore six different activities while listening to 10 classic songs. Best of all, if you don’t use the chalk portion of the easel, the toy is practically mess free. Even if you do use the chalk, a mishap here or there won’t ruin your couch, thank goodness. Be aware that the entire white board is not digital; the only digital area is a section in the middle where the lights are. Changing it from a table to an easel is not a simple transition, although parents report that once you get the hang of it, it’s easier to do. Ages: 3 years and up Price: $54.99 at Amazon Barbie Hello Dream House   Wow! Barbie’s new smart home playset is more swoonworthy than Ken. The Barbie Hello Dreamhouse uses Wi-Fi-enabled speech recognition to respond to more than 100 commands. A simple “hello, Dreamhouse” prompts the home to begin listening to your child’s commands, just like Siri or Cortana on grown-up devices. Using a variety of commands, kids can change the color of the lights, power up the elevator and help Barbie get ready for school by turning on the shower. With four motors, the play home features an automatic elevator, an electronic staircase that turns into a slide, a spinning chandelier and doors that open all by voice command. Kids can use the Hello Dreamhouse companion app to further customize the sounds in each play space. They can even record their own sounds for use in 15 locations. Thirteen switches throughout the house bring each room to life, such as the fireplace that crackles in the living room. The Dreamhouse has three modes: hang-out, party and fun, which customize the actions and dialogues of the house to the occasion. I figured the assembly for such an elaborate setup would be a challenge, but parents say it is easier than expected and takes no more than 20 minutes to complete. Like a real house, this home isn’t cheap — almost $300, no dolls included. Hello Dreamhouse does not operate on batteries, and it must be plugged into an electrical outlet to use the smart home features. Ages: Not for children under 3 years (small parts) Price: $239.99 at Amazon LeapFrog Letter Factory Leaping Letters The interactive LeapFrog Letter Factory Leaping Letters, which teaches letters, is fun for the whole family to play. Kids race against the clock to put the letters in their proper spots before time runs out. The timer can be adjusted to accommodate players of all skill levels and ages. The level of difficulty can be increased with color-coded letter pieces that advance to word building. Kids can start forming words with add-on activity cards. When it’s not in game mode, young kids can still play with the colorful pieces, and parents can use the 26 plastic letters to help teach letter and word recognition. This toy builds matching and fine motor skills too. Children can play solo, with a friend or sibling or with the whole family. Surprisingly, no batteries are required, and there are no noises except the slight ticking noise the timer makes. Hopefully, future editions will include fun sound effects, but for now, this isn’t another musical toy to get on adult nerves. Ages: 3 to 6 years Price: $14.99 on Amazon Play-Doh Touch Shape to Life Studio Play-Doh — yup, there’s an app for that! The Hasbro brand Play-Doh, which just celebrated its 60th birthday, is getting an upgrade with its first iOS app that connects to its famous molding clay. The play kit comes with the Shape to Life Studio, five digital character stampers, five digital action stampers, four tools, 15 cutters and seven cans of Play-Doh Brand modeling compound. Kids shape a Play-Doh creation, place it on the Shape to Life Studio and scan it using the app with a tablet or smartphone. Their creation will then come to life on screen in ways that could never be imagined before. Scan more creations, and they’ll interact with past sculptures to further enhance the digital world on screen. Right now, this toy is exclusively available at Apple.com and select Apple retail stores. It will be getting a wider distribution next year. Ages: 4 years and up Price: $39.95 on Apple.com Crayola Imaginables For more colorful imagination brought to life, Crayola Imaginables turns your child’s drawings into real stuffed animals. There's nothing complicated about it. Simply take a photo of your child’s art, upload it, email or text the image to Crayola and receive a beautiful custom Imaginables plushie. It doesn't matter how many colors your child uses or how complicated their creation is. Each piece of artwork is reviewed and translated into plush form, hand-made by a team of designers and seamstresses using high-quality, super-soft plush fabrics that are hypoallergenic too.  If you want to give the designers a little help, you can include a description to help explain the art—a good place to get your child involved. Let them describe their art, from features to colors to mood, and type it up for Crayola so the final plushie will be just what your child wants. Once you've submitted your order, you'll get email updates throughout the process showing the plushie from design to final quality testing. The whole process is fun to do with your children. Or order the plushie without your child’s involvement; imagine the extra surprise of unwrapping their own creation and seeing it come to life and ready to hug. If you like the sound of that strategy, get going; turnaround time is four weeks. Age: All ages Price: $99 at Imaginables Lionel Mickey Mouse Disney Ready to Play Set What’s Christmas without a holiday train set? This locomotive is uber adorable. All aboard the Mickey Mouse Express, featuring iconic Disney characters dressed in their holiday best. It’s a perfect set to run under the tree, bringing a dose of holiday cheer and launching an annual family tradition for holidays to come. The ready-to-play set comes with everything kids need to engage in imaginative train play. It includes the train locomotive and cars, easy-to-connect interlocking tracks with various layout options, and an RC remote control with easy-to-use buttons even preschoolers can get their hands on. The train features a battery-powered car driven by Mickey with accompanying authentic train sounds. Sometimes it’s the simple tech that delights little ones the most. Seeing their favorite characters will make this set a favorite. Ages: 4 years and up Price: $79.99 at Amazon FurReal Friends Torch, My Blazin' Dragon   New to the line of FurReal friends this year is a pet dragon named Torch. This adorable pet needs love and care and will respond to your child’s touch or motion. This baby dragon responds with more than 50 sound and motion combinations. Press his charm, pet his nose or give him his treat for fun responses like giggling, snorting or moving his head. Of course, Torch doesn’t breathe fire like the mystical creatures do, but he does breathe flame-colored mist. Really! Try holding the color-change treat (a plastic campfire stick with a marshmallow at the end) to his mouth for toasting when he “breathes” mist. His misty smoke can appear whenever someone touches his charm, pets his nose — or sometimes whenever he feels like it. Pretty exciting! The toy comes with two extra filters, kind of like a humidifier. When his mist runs out, simply refill his tank with water. Most of this toy is soft plush, but there is hard plastic underneath. Dragons not your child’s favorite pet? I’m still partial to FurReal’s Bootsie the cat ($31.99 on Amazon) and StarLily the unicorn ($60.79 on Amazon) myself. Ages: 4 to 7 years Price: From $68.99 at Amazon Amazon Fire Kids Edition Tablet A full-featured, 7-inch Amazon Kindle Fire tablet is like the adult version with a built-in kids mode and parental controls. The Fire Kids Edition includes one year of Amazon FreeTime Unlimited at no additional cost, providing access to all the content kids love: books, movies, TV shows, educational apps and games. You don't have to guess what your kids will enjoy or invest in downloads they might not like. Kids see only the titles they have access to see. The home screen carousel shows recently viewed titles, and they can navigate visually to content based on characters or topics like Mickey Mouse or cats. Use the parental controls to limit screen time by content type. For example, you could choose to limit videos and games but make reading time always available. Stores and in-app payments are blocked from kid profiles, so you don't have to worry about accruing additional expenses. The tablet has 16GB memory. It becomes a favorite toy, upgrade the memory to store all your child’s photos, movies, games and apps using a microSD card slot that expands tablet storage up to 200GB. Best of all, the tablet comes with a two-year, worry-free guarantee that states if kids break it, you can return it and Amazon will replace it for free — “no questions asked.” That really takes the sting out of the idea of investing in a tablet for kids. The tablet comes with a blue, green or pink kid-proof case. Ages: 3 to 10 years Price: $74.99 at Amazon CogniToys Dinos CogniToys Dino is a friendly green dinosaur robot that connects via Wi-Fi to iOS and Android devices through an app. Enter your Dino’s unique code into the app, and your child is will be ready to play with their new learning companion. Because Dino is powered by IBM supercomputer Watson technology, he’ll answer big questions like how far the moon is from the Earth or what the capital of Michigan is, just like Siri or Alexa. All your child has to do is press his tummy to make him listen. Now when your child asks “why?” to each of your logical responses, you can say “Ask Dino!” The two of them can play 20 questions to your child’s heart’s content. Dino tells jokes and stories and remembers your child’s name and favorite things. He comes equipped to help your child learn games that test rhyming, spelling, vocabulary and math. As time goes on, Dino becomes smarter, adding more information and content to his wheelhouse. Parents can adjust the content settings in the app and even set a bedtime. From the looks of it, you’ll have to — because your child won’t be able to stop playing with this robo-dino. This Kickstarter-developed toy is brand new, so do expect software updates to work out any bugs. Ages: 5 to 9 years Price: $99.99 at Amazon Actev Motors Arrow Smart-Kart   More than a standard go-kart, the Arrow is billed as the first smart electric vehicle for kids. Just in time for the holidays, it definitely covers all the fun and safety bases. The Arrow promises to immerse kids in a real driving experience with advanced performance and safety features inspired by technology in today’s smartest vehicles. Through app-based controls, parents can sit easy and digitally supervise the ride from their smartphones as kids enjoy an exhilarating behind-the-wheel experience. An iOS or Android device connects to the Arrow Smart-Kart through Wi-Fi, giving you control over the action. While the Arrow can go up to 12 mph, the app lets you adjust the maximum speed in real time and even stop the car immediately if your child is pushing the need for speed just a little too far. Geo-fencing, a front-mounted collision avoidance sensor and an inactivity timer alert help you make sure your kids won’t take this bad boy for a spin into more hazardous territory. The electric-powered Arrow avoids the fire risk, fumes and noise of gas-powered karts. The Arrow’s smart lithium-ion battery recharges from a standard wall outlet. One charge will have the two 250-watt engines driving for up to 45 minutes. Extra batteries (sold separately) can be quickly swapped in for extended rides. Kids can customize their driving experience by adding a Formula Racecar Body Kit, Drift Rings and enhanced battery and recharging accessories. New accessories will be available soon, including downloadable synthesized engine sounds from an online sound library, distance-sensing Smart Cones, laser tag sensors and gaming apps. The Actev app will soon let kids monitor stats such as total drive time and total distance. Now if only golf carts for adults could be this smart! Ages: 5 to 9 years (70-lb. maximum weight) Price: From $999.95 at Actev View-Master Virtual Reality Starter Pack With the View-Master Virtual Realty Starter Pack, Mattel has taken a retro toy and modernized it for kids who want their first virtual reality experience. Remember the toy that let you shuffle through photo discs that allowed a sense of 3D pictures of nature, space and even cartoons? Today’s version offers a 360-degree environment that lets kids feel as if they’re in the middle of what they’re watching. While it’s not free or quite as low-cost as Google Cardboard, View-Master’s Virtual Reality Goggles are designed to be comfortable against your child’s face, with a combination of soft rubber and hard plastic to keep them durable. View-Master has made it easy to download a View-Master VR app, slide a smartphone into the viewer, and let your child immerse themselves in some virtual reality. It’s compatible with the Google Cardboard app, which you can download to expand your child’s experience options. The starter pack comes with a preview reel (reminiscent of those original discs) to check out available apps. Experience Packs are sold separately and include topics such as Explore Space, Explore Wildlife and Explore Destinations.   Age: 9 and up Price: $14.44 on Amazon Wow Wee MiP Robot Rev Toy If the idea of combining fast remote-controlled cars and AI technology that allows those cars to think and fight for themselves would appeal to a kid you know, then the MiP Robot Rev Toy will make for fun driving this holiday. These Robot Enhanced Vehicles (REV) From Wow Wee are built for battle, both virtual and literal. Each REV Starter Kit comes with two vehicles that are Bluetooth- and app-enabled and hardwired to outlast their opponents. The cars are equipped with proprietary technology that uses small sensors to sense and track their surroundings and navigate in real time. Players download the free app onto iOS or Android smart devices that act as a remote control and monitor. You can choose single-player mode (the second car is set to Autonomous) to face off against a series of AI characters that drive by themselves or multiplayer mode to play against multiple human or AI-controlled cars. Game modes include Chase and Evade, Capture the Flag and free-for-all. With some additional real-life detail integrated into the gameplay, your car becomes “damaged” in battle and stops handling as well until you fight to gain power back or start a new game. The REV does not require any special surface, mat or track and navigates most carpet, hardwood and tile floors with ease. Each car requires four AA batteries (not included). Age: 9 and up Price: $41.99 on Amazon Thames & Kosmos Geckobot Thames & Kosmos aims to improve informal science education outside the classroom by publishing high-quality science kits for children of all ages. This impressive wall-climbing robot kit has a motorized air suction system that enables it to walk vertically up and down perfectly smooth surfaces like glass, plastic, whiteboards or glossy laminates. Kids can build six other models and conduct experiments with suction to learn about air pressure and mechanical physics. Build models of an industrial robotic arm with vacuum suction cup grippers, a car with suction cup wheels, an octopus with suction cup arms, a crawling insect, a window cleaning robot, and a vacuum holder device. A 24-page, full-color manual guides kids through building with step-by-step illustrated instructions, scientific information and explanations. The kit comes with 176 building pieces, including suction cup pads for the feet of your robot, a motor to get the models moving, and two pairs of eye stickers to give the Geckobot some character. Because some of the steps are challenging and require cutting tubing, parents are likely to need to provide help, making this an ideal for a bonding experience between parents and kids. Ages: 8 years and up Price: $31.99 at Amazon ThinkFun Circuit Maze No, you don't have to tear open a wall to show your child how household wiring works to turn the lights on when you flip a switch. ThinkFun's Circuit Maze game will walk your child through the basic concepts of electrical engineering in the guise of an engaging puzzle game—which will give those critical thinking and problem-solving skills a workout, too. The goal is to cause the game board's beacons to light up, and when you plug in the pieces correctly, creating a circuit, they will. The 60 levels of logic puzzles—each challenging you to create a different type of circuit to light the board's beacon—were designed by World Puzzle Champion and puzzle-creator Wei-Hwa Huang to present a challenge to gamers at all levels of skill. As your child advances through the puzzles, they'll learn increasingly advanced electrical engineering concepts, including series circuits, parallel circuits, series and parallel circuits in combination, and parallel circuits in bypass. Onward, future engineers! Age: 8 and up Price: $19.19 on Amazon Ravensburger Science X Smartscope Science Kit STEM alert! The standard microscope just got an upgrade that makes science fun for kids. Budding scientists can explore the amazing world of microscopic with Smartscope right from home. They can use any smart phone or tablet (no app download required) to magnify their tiny finds — bugs, hair, rocks and so on. Take a picture and share it with friends and teachers, or send images of magnified objects to a big-screen TV so everybody can see every little detail. The kit includes a removable light source and sliding object tray with two levels of magnification, as well as a travel bag to help you take Smart scope out into the field. Best of all, this microscope is lighter and cheaper than a standard microscope. Ages: 8 to 12 years Price: $24.75 at Amazon Snap Circuits 3D Illumination Electronics Discovery Kit To introduce children to the possibilities of engineering, Snap Circuits 3D Illumination Discovery kit allows tweens to explore circuits, breadboards, Raspberry Pi and more with guides for all levels. Kids can build up to 150 different projects using the 50 parts provided. Snap Modules snap together to ensure correct connections without smoldering or tools. The new Circuit 3D Illumination kit will drive kids’ projects up the wall, literally. The new Snap Modules drive circuit building vertically in myriad configurations or combine with other Snap Circuits sets for even more 3D structures. Also new are exciting light effects such as a 3-Color Light Tunnel, a projector with six images and mirrors and reflecting circuits too. Snap Circuits toys have received awards such as the National Parenting Center-Seal of Approval, the Creative Child Toy of the Year, the Toy Industry Association - Specialty Toy of the Year, Dr. Toy 100 Best Children's Products and Dr. Toy 10 Best. Bottom line: this is an impressive engineering set for kids who like building stuff and are ready to move beyond Legos. Ages: 8 to 15 years Price: $45.47 on Amazon Skylanders Imaginators This highly anticipated video game from Activision gives kids the power to create and bring to life their very own Skylanders characters. Portal Masters will enjoy the immense possibilities, including appearance, powers, abilities, names, catchphrases and musical themes that will help them create the wildest Skylanders imaginable. The game also features Sensei characters and guest stars from the series. Fans are raving about the graphics and say the music is great, too. Word is that the game offers a lot of replay value. However, while old Skylanders work in the new adventures, they cannot access Sensei regions. The starter pack comes with one video game, two Sensei Skylanders, one Creation Crystal, one collection poster and one sticker sheet. The game is rated Everyone 10+. It’s available for PlayStation 4, PlayStation 3, Xbox 1, Xbox 360 and WiiU. Ages: 10 years and up Price: Skylanders Imaginators game from $39.99 at Amazon; additional Senseis $14.99 each, additional Creation Crystals starting at $9.49 Cheerson CX-Stars Mini Drone Quadcopter Drones are hot, and while the New CX-Stars Mini Quadcopter by Cheerson may be tiny, it holds its own in the flying fun department. The CX-Stars is one of the smallest quadcopters in the world, and with a 1.9-inch diameter, it sits easily in the palm of your hand. The radio-controlled quadcopter has a flight time of 5-8 minutes and a charging time of 30 minutes. The drone can do some impressive tricks for such a little device, including flips. The CX-Star’s six-axis design helps make the copter’s gyroscope adjustable and promotes stability. And just because the sun goes down early this time of year doesn’t mean you have to stop playing. LED lights allow you to keep flying after dark.  Age: 12 and up Price: starting at $21.99 on Amazon [image credits: ThinkFun, Vtech, LeapFrog, Lionel, Crayola, Play-Doh, Mattel, Thames & Kosmos, Wow Wee, Cognitoys, View-Master,  Hasbro, Amazon, Ravensburger, Snap Circuits, Cheerson, Activision,  boy opening present via BigStockPhoto] Discussion Get Qurious Maker Box for Kids From Nicola Santiago on December 07, 2016 :: 12:55 am Check out the Get Qurious Maker Box- An engaging hands-on creative play experience for kids. http://www.getqurious.co Reply Leave a Comment Here Our Latest Reviews The Best Home Coffee Grinder Krups GX5000 Professional Electric Coffee Burr Grinder The Best Soundbar Under $250 Vizio SB3821-D6 The Best Humidifier for Medium & Large Rooms Crane Digital Warm & Cool Mist Humidifier EE-6902 The Best Instant Camera Fujifilm Instax Mini 70 Instant Camera Review of the Philips Pasta Maker Philips Pasta Maker New Articles on Techlicious 5 Easy Ways to View Photos on Your TV The Best Broad-Spectrum Therapy Lights Amazon's Digital Day Sale Offers TV, Movies and More Essential Accessories for your iPhone 7 The Best Home Coffee Grinder How to Track Santa's Journey Around the World 14 Great Gift Box Subscriptions 7 of the Coolest New Car Tech Features © 2015 Techlicious LLC. Home | About | Meet the Team | Sponsorship Opportunities | Newsletter Archive | Contact Us | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy site design: Juxtaprose
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Demand for Apple’s new MacBook Pro shows no sign of slowing down Yoni Heisler BGR NewsNovember 22, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share You wouldn’t know it based on the sheer volume of complaints surrounding Apple’s new MacBook Pro models, but the company’s new notebook line appears to be resonating with consumers in a big way. Though Apple’s new laptops have been criticized from all angles for being overpriced and under-powered, Phil Schiller a few weeks back said that initial MacBook Pro orders were quick to set new sales records. DON’T MISS: T-Mobile has some of the best Black Friday deals we’ve seen “Our online store has had more orders for the new MacBook Pro than any other pro notebook before,” Schiller said during an interview with The Independent earlier this month. “So there certainly are a lot of people as excited as we are about it.” Not only that, but ongoing demand for Apple’s new laptops appears to be holding up as we transition head-first into the busiest shopping period of the year. According to MacBook Pro manufacturer Quanta (via Digitimes), demand for Apple’s refreshed notebook line is not only strong, but will remain strong all the way through the first few months of 2017. Quanta Computer, the sole producer of MacBook Pro products, expects its notebook shipments to be better than expected in the fourth quarter of 2016 and will slip only 2-3% on quarter from the previous quarter, according to company vice chairman CC Leung. Orders for MacBook Pro models will remain strong in the first quarter of 2017, stated the sources. Apple’s Mac line has stagnated a bit recently, in no small part due to Apple’s staggered refresh schedule. Indeed, the recent MacBook Pro revamp marks the first significant update to its Pro notebook in quite a few years. What will be interesting to see, and perhaps future earnings data will bear this is out, is whether or not MacBook Pro sales are taking off because consumers are enamored with the machine’s new Touch Bar or if sales are doing well as users with old machines were simply ready to upgrade to any new machine Apple happened to unveil this year. For any Mac users unsure about whether or not now is a good time to upgrade, it’s worth noting that a minor refresh in 2017 will see Apple lower the price of its MacBook Pro line while also adding support for 32GB of RAM. If you can’t wait that long, there’s still good news to be had. Amazon is still running a promotion where you can pick up Apple’s base model 13-inch MacBook Pro (sans the Touch Bar) for just $1399, representing a solid $100 in savings off the normal $1499 retail price. Trending right now: T-Mobile has some of the best Black Friday deals we’ve seen How to get a NES Classic without spending $300 Best Black Friday deals on Apple gear: iPhone 7, MacBooks, iPads, Beats and more See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next 9 tech-friendly gifts for people obsessed with travel Yahoo Tech CNN uses screenshot from ‘Fallout 4’ to show how Russians hack things BGR News Facebook launches live 360-degree video feature Yahoo Tech The battle between SSD and HDD is over, and the winner is clear Digital Trends Celebrity sues Tesla, claims Model X drove itself through a wall and into his house BGR News A theory that challenges Newton’s and Einstein’s gravity and nixes dark matter passed its first test Quartz Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo Finance
SearchSecurity Search the TechTarget Network Sign-up now. Start my free, unlimited access. Login SearchSecurity SearchCloudSecurity SearchNetworking SearchCIO SearchConsumerization SearchEnterpriseDesktop SearchCloudComputing ComputerWeekly Topic Laws, investigations and ethics Information Security Management View All Business management Disaster recovery Enterprise Compliance Management Strategy Compliance software Enterprise risk management Incident response Policies, procedures and guidelines Conference coverage Awareness training and insider threats Market trends and predictions Vendor management Application and Platform Security View All Application attacks Application Firewall Security Database Security Management Email Protection Vulnerability management Open source security Operating System Security Secure SaaS Productivity applications Social media security Software development Virtualization security Web Security Tools and Best Practices Enterprise Data Protection View All Data Analysis and Classification Data Loss Prevention Data Security and Cloud Computing Database Security Management Disk Encryption and File Encryption Enterprise Data Governance Data breaches and ID theft Enterprise Identity and Access Management View All Identity management User Authentication Services Web Authentication and Access Control Enterprise Network Security View All NAC and endpoint security IDS Network Protocols and Security Tools, Products, Software Secure VPN Setup and Configuration Wireless security Government IT security View All Information Security Careers, Training and Certifications View All CISSP Certification Information Security Jobs and Training Security Industry Certifications Information Security Management View All Business management Disaster recovery Enterprise Compliance Management Strategy Compliance software Enterprise risk management Incident response Laws, investigations and ethics Policies, procedures and guidelines Conference coverage Awareness training and insider threats Market trends and predictions Vendor management Information Security Threats View All Application Attacks -Information Security Threats Denial of service Email and messaging threats Emerging threats Enterprise Vulnerability Management Hacker tools and techniques Identity Theft and Data Security Breaches Incident response Malware Security Awareness Training and Internal Threats Mobile device threats Web Application and Web 2.0 Threats Web server threats Security Audit, Compliance and Standards View All Cloud Computing Security Standards COBIT Data Privacy and Protection FFIEC Regulations and Guidelines Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA) HIPAA ISO 17799 IT Security Audits PCI Data Security Standard Sarbanes-Oxley Act Topics Archive View All IM Security Issues, Risks and Tools Security Resources Please select a category Application and Platform Security Enterprise Data Protection Enterprise Identity and Access Management Enterprise Network Security Government IT security Information Security Careers, Training and Certifications Information Security Management Information Security Threats Security Audit, Compliance and Standards Section News News Get Started Evaluate Manage Problem Solve Sponsored Communities N.Y. DA wants to turn back the clock on smartphone encryption by Michael Heller Senior Reporter The Manhattan district attorney said his office has hundreds of locked iOS devices and called on Apple to open up its smartphone encryption to warrants. In this Article Share this item with your network: Related Content Android full-disk encryption is flawed enough for ... – SearchSecurity DOJ finds successful iPhone crack; drops backdoor bid... – SearchSecurity Android backdoor discovered in firmware for budget ... – SearchSecurity Sponsored News ABC’s of VDI in 2016 –Dell Out with the Old for B2B Integration: The Case for Modernization –IBM See More Vendor Resources Addressing HIPAA privacy compliance on hospital wireless networks –Absolute Software Dig Into Data Management –SearchITChannel.com The Manhattan district attorney's office in New York released an updated report denouncing smartphone encryption,... Sign in for existing members Continue Reading This Article Enjoy this article as well as all of our content, including E-Guides, news, tips and more. Step 2 of 2: You forgot to provide an Email Address. This email address doesn’t appear to be valid. This email address is already registered. Please login. You have exceeded the maximum character limit. Please provide a Corporate E-mail Address. By submitting my Email address I confirm that I have read and accepted the Terms of Use and Declaration of Consent. By submitting your personal information, you agree that TechTarget and its partners may contact you regarding relevant content, products and special offers. You also agree that your personal information may be transferred and processed in the United States, and that you have read and agree to the Terms of Use and the Privacy Policy. but experts said the data was willfully misleading. Cyrus Vance Jr., district attorney for New York County, released version 2.0 of the "Report on Smartphone Encryption and Public Safety." According to the report, the Manhattan DA's office has "423 Apple iPhones and iPads lawfully seized since October 2014 [that] remain inaccessible due to default device encryption." Vance said the number of inaccessible devices has been on the rise. "While the Manhattan district attorney's office has been locked out of approximately 34% of all Apple devices lawfully recovered since October 2014, that number jumped to approximately 42% of those recovered in the past three months," the report said. "With over 96% of all smartphones worldwide operated by either Apple or Google, and as devices compatible with operating systems that predate default device encryption are becoming outdated, this trend is poised to continue." Experts said there was important context information omitted from this portion of the report -- notably, how many total cases the Manhattan DA's office handled over that time period in order to understand the proportion of cases influenced by inaccessible mobile devices. Rebecca Herold, CEO of Privacy Professor, said given the population and the amount of crime in the New York area, 423 inaccessible devices collected over two years "seems very low." "Plus, for those 400 devices, how many were they able to get metadata, logs from associated cloud services and other data from that did help with their investigation?" Herold asked. "They should have provided those insights to support a balanced report." Liviu Arsene, senior e-threat researcher at Romania-based antimalware firm Bitdefender, said the report also didn't mention the number of people protected by smartphone encryption. "It's safe to estimate that the number of people protected from threat actors by iOS security is, by far, greater than the 400 devices in question by the Manhattan DA," Arsene said. "Encryption technologies have caused more good than harm when it comes to protecting privacy." Matthew Gardiner, cybersecurity strategist at Mimecast, based in Boston, said "Apple sells approximately 50 million iPhones every quarter and has sold approximately 1 billion since the beginning of time. Increasing the vulnerability of the vast majority of those users to open up 400 phones is not a reasonable tradeoff." The report said "approximately 10% of the impenetrable devices pertain to homicide or attempted murder cases and 9% to sex crimes," and Arsene said these distinctions were important. "While 400 devices might not seem like a large number, it all depends to whom those devices belong and whether or not those individuals were involved in activities endangering national security," Arsene told SearchSecurity. "However, it's entirely possible that incriminating evidence involving terrorist or criminal activities could probably be procured from other sources, rather than relying on a single phone as a single point conviction." Surveillance and privacy The report discussed the potential other sources for gathering investigative data, but argued against the idea that we live in a "golden age of surveillance." "The other sources of information may be incomplete, or unavailable to law enforcement," the report read. "They generally do not give as complete a picture of criminal liability, or as complete access to evidence relevant to a criminal investigation or prosecution, as would a mobile device." Additionally, the report said the end-to-end encryption being added to communication apps like Facebook Messenger and WhatsApp "show that far from it being a 'golden age' for law enforcement, today's criminals have means of communication that are more secure from law enforcement's scrutiny than criminals had ever dared hope." Experts pointed out this argument ignored two major sources of data available to investigators faced with smartphone encryption: metadata and cloud backups. Apple has admitted to providing law enforcement with metadata and iCloud backup data when presented with a valid warrant. Arsene said there was no way to know if there was iCloud data associated with the devices in question obtained by the Manhattan DA's office, but he stressed that metadata can be valuable. "Metadata is at the core of modern day information collection technologies, as it removes any personally identifiable information about the individual from the picture and focuses on his behavior, without infringing on his right to privacy," Arsene said. Herold said strong encryption was not only available in the U.S., and "if a terrorist or criminal is bent on keeping their communications with others strongly protected, they have many options available elsewhere throughout the world they can use." Additionally, Herold said the constant argument for weakened encryption or backdoors has ultimately limited law enforcement from getting metadata for investigations. "Requiring U.S. technology companies to build backdoors into encryption will result in criminals and terrorists using encryption tools from other countries, [and] will only hurt U.S. businesses by driving all consumers to other countries for such technologies and will not lead to measurably any more capabilities for their investigation purposes," Herold said. "In fact, investigators will now have less data, because those non-U.S. technology companies will not cooperate with U.S. investigators on cases where they could have gotten a lot of metadata, logs and other useful data beyond the encrypted data from a U.S.-based tech company, such as Apple, or any other tech business they seem focused on ruling over." The Manhattan DA's office declined to comment on this story. Getting around smartphone encryption According to the report, the Manhattan DA's office "advocates enactment of a federal law that would require smartphone manufacturers and software designers whose software is used in smartphones to retain the ability to extract the information on the smartphones, if and when the manufacturer or designer receives a search warrant for that information. The proposed legislation would restore the status quo before Apple's iOS 8, and [it] would be no different conceptually than legislation that requires products to be safe, buildings to be constructed with exits and egresses that satisfy specific requirements, and roads to have maximum speed limits." The "status quo" refers to the time before iOS 8 when full device encryption was not the default for Apple products. The report asserted "the actual benefits of iOS 8's default device encryption [has] not been demonstrated by Apple," and "default device encryption does not meaningfully increase smartphone users' protection from unauthorized hackers." Experts widely disagreed with this assessment, and Herold pointed out the report referenced a decision in the Netherlands that contradicted the argument of the Manhattan DA's office. In the list of actions from other countries, the report pointed out "in January 2016, the Dutch government announced that it would not require technology companies to share encrypted communications with security agencies." The link in the footnote quoted the Dutch Ministry of Security and Justice, saying that allowing law enforcers to access protected data would make digital systems vulnerable to "criminals, terrorists and foreign intelligence services." It added "this would have undesirable consequences for the security of information stored and communicated and the integrity of [information and communication technology] systems, which are increasingly of importance for the functioning of the society." Herold said, "That point summarizes the heart of the issue well: We need strong encryption for the peaceful and privacy-respecting functioning of our modern, digital society." The report reiterated the various security claims made by Apple regarding iOS 7 in 2012. Specifically, it said before iOS 8, Apple maintained the ability to aid law enforcement with investigations and said "Apple's method of data extraction before iOS 8 was never compromised." Arsene said Apple's advancement of iOS security was "not necessarily aimed at hindering law enforcement efforts, but at offering users more privacy and security features with the purpose of adding value to Apple's products." "Good-enough security has never been best practice, especially since the digitalization of services and infrastructures has brought forward new attack methods and threats. Security is all about constantly developing and placing more barriers between you and the attacker, increasing the cost of attack and making it difficult for someone to gain access to your data," Arsene said. "Cybercriminals are more creative than we'd like to think, and relying on outdated or deliberately vulnerable technologies to protect and secure our data is not just bad practice, but also shortsighted." Ultimately, the report said there was "an urgent need for federal legislation that would compel software and hardware companies that design or build mobile devices or operating systems to make such devices amenable to appropriate searches," but said all current attempts, including the Burr-Feinstein bill were inadequate. Because of this, the Manhattan DA's office has proposed legislation that "would require those who design operating systems to do so in a way that would permit law enforcement agents with a search warrant to gain access to the mobile devices." Herold said "it is misleading, at best, to vilify the use of strong encryption," and said the Manhattan DA's office is asking for a smartphone encryption backdoor, just without using the word backdoor. "Law enforcement has got to stop propagating the false narrative of encryption being all bad. They must balance the effect of encryption to also point out the significantly larger amount of good this effective technology tool does than any harm that they always seem to focus upon," Herold said. "Overall, their report is not balanced and is skewed to promoting fear, uncertainty and doubt within the public in an effort to get their way, and to, in effect, get access to everyone in the U.S.'s digital selves. If people cannot be compelled to speak in person, then they should not be compelled to have their digital voices revealed, either." Next Steps Learn more about how encryption legislation could affect enterprises. Find out why experts say lawmakers don't understand encryption backdoors. Get info on whether the feds needed Apple's help to bypass smartphone encryption. Dig Deeper on Information Security Laws, Investigations and Ethics All News Get Started Evaluate Manage Problem Solve Work group attempts to reconcile 'going dark' with strong cryptography How major FDIC cybersecurity issues highlight leadership failures Experts debate the key points of the final Obama cybersecurity report EU, U.S. authorities take down Avalanche global crimeware network Load More View All Work group attempts to reconcile 'going dark' with strong cryptography Experts debate the key points of the final Obama cybersecurity report EU, U.S. authorities take down Avalanche global crimeware network Last ditch Senate efforts fail to stall Rule 41 changes Load More View All News FRCP Rule 41 Risk & Repeat: US accuses Russia of state-sponsored cyberattacks What happens if the Data Accountability and Trust Act becomes a law? How should agencies prepare for federal security scanning? Load More View All Get started How major FDIC cybersecurity issues highlight leadership failures Risk & Repeat: Will Rule 41 changes become cybersecurity law? Risk & Repeat: US accuses Russia of state-sponsored cyberattacks How Brexit affects data privacy regulations between the US and U.K. Load More View All Evaluate Want to avoid data breach lawsuits? Get legal on your side Information security and lawyers: Three ways to be besties How will Canadian anti-spam legislation affect commercial email? Best of authentication 2013 Load More View All Manage Is settling a data breach lawsuit the best option for enterprises? Are cybersecurity lawyers necessary for organizations? How encryption legislation could affect enterprises Why did Anthem resist government vulnerability assessments? Load More View All Problem solve PRO+ Content Find more PRO+ content and other member only offers, here. E-Handbook Combatting the top cybersecurity threats with intelligence E-Handbook Managed security services market: What you need to know now E-Zine Dedicated CISO job still open to debate Michael Heller asks: What do you think of the Manhattan DA's representation of smartphone encryption and proposed backdoor legislation? Join the Discussion Start the conversation 0 comments Send me notifications when other members comment. Add My Comment Register Login Forgot your password? Forgot your password? No problem! Submit your e-mail address below. We'll send you an email containing your password. Submit Your password has been sent to: By submitting you agree to receive email from TechTarget and its partners. If you reside outside of the United States, you consent to having your personal data transferred to and processed in the United States. Privacy Please create a username to comment. Oldest  Newest  -ADS BY GOOGLE Latest TechTarget resources Cloud Security Networking CIO Consumerization Enterprise Desktop Cloud Computing Computer Weekly SearchCloudSecurity How Microsoft's Secure Data Exchange bolsters cloud data security Microsoft's new service, Secure Data Exchange, can help protect cloud data while in transit and at rest. Expert Rob Shapland ... VM isolation technique considerations for enterprises VM isolation techniques are good strategies to prevent infections from spreading to the entire cloud environment. Ed Moyle ... How to handle privileged user management in the cloud Privileged user management is important for enterprises operating on the cloud. Expert Dave Shackleford discusses some best ... SearchNetworking Looking back at the biggest 2016 tech trends in networking In 2016 tech trends in networking, the industry witnessed the growth of analytics, Cisco's embrace of software and services and ... Cisco software strategy worries network operators Cisco's push into SDN concerns network operators who see the Cisco software strategy as de-emphasizing traditional hardware. Four infrastructure technologies to watch in 2017 Enterprises have a lot to consider when evaluating the infrastructure technologies to deploy in the next 12 months. Which ones ... SearchCIO 2016's most popular IT advice columns for CIOs CIOs wanted practical advice on how to achieve digital transformation. Emerging tech and how to be a better boss also got ... Rosetta Stone IT chief deciphers digital transformation, challenges A company known for peddling language-learning CDs charges into the digital future -- and IT is in the vanguard. Teaching leadership to Millennials? First, get used to them Teaching leadership skills is critical in a changing world, MIT's John Van Maanen says, but coaching Millennials comes with ... SearchConsumerization Android, Windows tablets from HP take aim at business users HP released a new line of tablets targeting business users. The HP Pro Slate 8 and Pro Slate 12 run Android and cost $449 and ... Microsoft to lay off 18,000, Nokia X moves to Windows Phone Microsoft will lay off 18,000 people over the next year while the Nokia X line of Android smartphones, which was unveiled earlier... Microsoft Surface Pro 3 vs. Microsoft Surface Pro 2 Surface Pro 2 and Surface Pro 3 are different enough that Microsoft is keeping both on the market as competing products. Which ... SearchEnterpriseDesktop New VMware EUC lead: Shadow IT is the biggest cybersecurity threat IT pros work to defend against breaches and hacks, but it's their own users that continue to be a threat. This issue could drive ... Windows Hello for Business ditches password-only authentication Microsoft merged Windows Hello and Microsoft Passport to create Windows Hello for Business, which allows for two-factor ... Take a close-up look at Windows 10 permissions settings With all the new updates and features, Windows 10 can appear daunting. To simplify the transition, break down and tailor the ... SearchCloudComputing Set up an IAM system for public cloud To increase security and monitor user access to public cloud resources such as compute and APIs, admins can use federated ... Google focuses GCP on machine learning and data analytics Google bet big in 2016 on machine learning and data analytics as differentiators for its cloud platform to make a stronger case ... Choose the best Google cloud instance types for your workloads Not all workloads are the same -- some require more CPUs, while other require more memory. Fortunately, Google's range of cloud ... ComputerWeekly IBM and Credit Mutuel Arkea beat banking legacy with blockchain French bank explains what working with IBM on blockchain ledger technology means for customer identification Top 10 virtualisation and storage stories of 2016 Flash storage has held onto the headlines in 2016, but hyper-converged infrastructure, containerisation, software-defined storage... Top 10 financial services stories of 2016 Here are 10 of the most popular fintech articles on Computer Weekly in 2016 About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Videos Photo Stories Guides Advertisers Business Partners Media Kit Corporate Site Contributors CPE and CISSP Training Reprints Archive Site Map Events E-Products All Rights Reserved, Copyright 2000 - 2017, TechTarget Close
Toggle navigation Menu Subscribers Log In Sections Close Menu Wealth Creation Investing Retirement Taxes Your Money Your Business Magazine Contents See All Special Reports Tools Slide Shows Quizzes Videos Columns Basics of Personal Finance Economic Outlooks Follow Kiplinger Customer Service/Contact Us Media Relations Magazine Reprints and Permissions Photocopying and Electronic Distribution Permissions Advertise with Us Partnerships and Syndication About Us Employment Opportunities Privacy Policy Terms of Service Millennium Copyright Act Site Map RSS Give a Gift Kiplinger's Personal Finance Magazine New: Kiplinger Alerts The Kiplinger Letter The Kiplinger Tax Letter Kiplinger's Retirement Report Kiplinger's Investing For Income Kiplinger's Annual Retirement Planning Guide Kiplinger's Boomer's Guide to Social Security Webinars More Kiplinger Products 1100 13th Street, NW, Suite 750 Washington, DC 20005 202.887.6400 Toll-free: 800.544.0155 All Contents © 2017 The Kiplinger Washington Editors Search Close Store Log in Search Close Toggle navigation Menu Subscribers Sections Close Menu Wealth Creation Investing Retirement Taxes Your Money Your Business Magazine Contents See All Special Reports Tools Slide Shows Quizzes Videos Columns Basics of Personal Finance Economic Outlooks Follow Kiplinger Customer Service/Contact Us Media Relations Magazine Reprints and Permissions Photocopying and Electronic Distribution Permissions Advertise with Us Partnerships and Syndication About Us Employment Opportunities Privacy Policy Terms of Service Millennium Copyright Act Site Map RSS Give a Gift Kiplinger's Personal Finance Magazine New: Kiplinger Alerts The Kiplinger Letter The Kiplinger Tax Letter Kiplinger's Retirement Report Kiplinger's Investing For Income Kiplinger's Annual Retirement Planning Guide Kiplinger's Boomer's Guide to Social Security Webinars More Kiplinger Products 1100 13th Street, NW, Suite 750 Washington, DC 20005 202.887.6400 Toll-free: 800.544.0155 All Contents © 2017 The Kiplinger Washington Editors Search Close Black Friday Doorbusters and Deals at Target 2016 Store Log in SLIDE SHOW 10 Things to Look Forward to in 2017 QUIZ How Well Do You Know Social Security? SLIDE SHOW 27 Stocks You Should Add to Your Portfolio for 2017 BUILDING WEALTH Kiplinger's Wealth Creation Web Conference Series Advertisement Kip Tips Target's Best Black Friday Doorbusters and Deals The big-box retailer is throwing in free gift cards as added incentives on some already discounted items. iStockphoto By Andrea Browne Taylor, Online Editor November 25, 2016 Target is a must-visit destination for many holiday shoppers each year -- especially for its Black Friday sales. Starting at 6 p.m. on Thanksgiving Day, customers can shop in-store to gain early access to the retailer's Black Friday doorbuster sale. There will be deep discounts on everything from toys to TVs, as well as a wide variety of home goods. SEE ALSO: Best Black Friday Weekend Deals at Amazon, Costco, Walmart, Best Buy, Kohl’s and More We talked with several shopping experts -- NerdWallet.com’s Courtney Jespersen, DealNews.com’s Benjamin Glaser, BFAds.net’s Brent Shelton and BradsDeals.com’s Rebecca Lehmann -- about which of Target’s Black Friday deals are worth taking advantage of during their limited-time sale. Below you’ll find the eight items they recommend shoppers have on their radar. It’s important to note that many of Target’s Black Friday doorbuster deals will be available in limited quantities. So if there are any items not available online, plan to get to your local store well in advance of the 6 p.m. start time on November 24 to ensure you’re able to purchase a desired item. Apple Watch Series 1. If you aren’t in a rush to drop $370 on Apple’s latest Series 2 watch, you can score big savings on the first-generation model on Black Friday at Target, Jespersen says. The Series 1 version will be on sale starting at $200 (regular price $272). It comes with a dual-core processor, allows you to check your calendar and reply to text messages, tracks your daily activity and monitors your heart rate. Advertisement SEE ALSO: Best Things to Buy on Black Friday Apple iPad Pro 9.7-inch Tablet . Target’s doorbuster deal on this iPad Pro model is one of the best among big-box retailers, Glaser notes. Originally priced starting at $600, it will be marked down 25% (starting at $450) during their Black Friday sale (at Best Buy you’ll pay $25 more). That’s an extra $150 to keep in your wallet or use to purchase other holiday gifts. Beats Solo2 Wireless On-Ear Headphones. Lehmann points out that shoppers will save $180 on these headphones -- from the popular Beats by Dr. Dre brand -- that will be on sale for $120 (regular price $300) starting at 6 p.m. on November 24. That’s less than half-price. The headphones are Bluetooth compatible and come with a rechargeable battery that lasts up to 12 hours. DVDs . Select movie titles, including “Mad Max,” “Despicable Me” and “Pitch Perfect 2,” will be available for $4 on Black Friday. “Target’s low-price selection of movies will make for great stocking stuffers,” Jespersen says. SEE ALSO: 13 Ways to Waste Money During the Holidays Fitbit Charge HR . Activity trackers are still a very popular gift item, which makes Target’s doorbuster deal on the Fitbit Charge HR even more appealing, Jespersen adds. On sale for $90, you’ll get 30% off the regular price of $130. Jespersen reminds holiday shoppers that most of these doorbuster deals will sell out quick. If you don’t want to miss out, you’ll need to line up early on Thanksgiving Day. Advertisement Samsung 55-inch 4K Curved Smart Ultra HDTV . This smart TV will be priced at $700 on Black Friday. That’s a markdown of nearly 35% (regular price $1,100). It’s a 4K high definition TV set, which offers the best screen resolution currently available. While Target’s price is one of the best, what makes it a must-have deal for those on the market for a new television is the free $70 store gift card that comes with it, Shelton notes. Samsung Galaxy S7 or S7 Edge . Several retailers are offering deals on Samsung smartphones, but Target’s Black Friday doorbuster deal on the Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge models is the stand-out, Lehmann says. In addition to putting no money down (for customers with good credit who agree to an installment billing contract) and receiving a $250 store gift card, customers will also get a free Samsung Gear VR Headset and Oculus Content Package worth $149, she adds. The headset and content package allows for a virtual reality gaming and video streaming experience. SEE ALSO: 15 Things You Should Never Buy During the Holidays Xbox One S 500GB Minecraft or Battlefield 1 Bundle. This videogame console is priced at $250 (regular price $300) at most retailers -- including Target -- for Black Friday, but what makes Target’s deal worth the purchase is the $40 store gift card that’s thrown in, Shelton notes. It can be used toward the purchase of this game system, making the final cost even cheaper, or toward a separate purchase in-store or online. “Only Kohl’s has a better deal that offers $75 in Kohl’s Cash, but you need to be a Kohl’s member to receive the bonus,” he adds. Show comments Advertisement Market Update Rate Info He recommended Amazon in 1997 and Tesla in 2011. And he's announcing his newest pick for the best stock to buy now. 5 Years From Now, You'll Probably Wish You Grabbed These Stocks Enter your email address below to get the name of the stock and to receive Kiplinger Today. Privacy/Legal Information Advertisement Follow Kiplinger 1100 13th Street, NW, Suite 750 Washington, DC 20005 202.887.6400 Toll-free: 800.544.0155 Customer Service/Contact Us Media Relations Magazine Reprints and Permissions Photocopying and Electronic Distribution Permissions Advertise with Us Partnerships and Syndication About Us Employment Opportunities Privacy Policy Terms of Service Millennium Copyright Act Site Map RSS All Contents © 2017, The Kiplinger Washington Editors
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe How Apple Lost China to Two Unknown Local Smartphone Makers Bloomberg News November 22, 2016, 4:00 PM EST November 23, 2016, 4:09 AM EST Oppo and Vivo offer subsidies to sales representatives They became top vendors in China thanks to rural expansion How China's Oppo, Vivo Are Pushing Apple iPhone Aside Two years ago, Oppo and Vivo couldn’t crack the top five in China’s smartphone market. Now they outrank everyone after elbowing Apple aside, thanks to people like Cheng Xiaoning. Cheng runs a thriving electronics store in the rural town of Miaoxia, tapping into her WeChat social media account to promote the brands that pay the biggest commission, and in her case that’s Oppo and Vivo. While such payments start at about 40 yuan ($6), they escalate for more expensive handsets and reach almost 200 yuan for Oppo’s high-end smartphones. “That’s why I like to introduce the Oppo R9 Plus to potential customers,” she said. “Business has been perfect, actually never been better.” Cheng and tens of thousands of like-minded boosters form the vanguard of the pair’s charge against Apple Inc. and  Samsung Electronics Co. Working with the local stores that dominate sales in China’s far-flung provinces, Oppo and Vivo came out of nowhere to upend the industry order and squeeze out former local darling Xiaomi Corp. Their labels graced one out of every three smartphones sold within China in the third quarter, while the iPhone’s market share at 7 percent stood at its lowest in almost three years. Oppo and Vivo trace their origins to reclusive billionaire Duan Yong Ping and employ similar strategies. That includes harnessing the spending power of rural customers away from top-tier cities such as Beijing and Shanghai. It’s where Apple’s vulnerable given the iPhone’s lofty price tag. They eschewed e-commerce to instead court the stores where three-quarters of smartphone sales take place. Apple has been more reluctant to relinquish the retail experience to local free-agents, who sometimes charge brands for in-store displays and posters. “Oppo and Vivo are willing to share their profit with local sales. The reward was an extremely active and loyal nationwide sales network,” said Jin Di, an IDC analyst based in Beijing. While they declined to detail their subsidy program, she estimates the two were the top spenders in the past year. “They’re doing something different -- they do local marketing.” China had for years driven Apple’s and Samsung’s growth. The U.S. company generated almost $59 billion of sales from the region in fiscal 2015, which was more than double the level just two years earlier. During that time its shares surged more than 60 percent. At its peak, Greater China yielded almost 30 percent of its revenue and Apple was neck-and-neck with Xiaomi for the mantle of market leader as users clamored for the larger iPhone 6 models. Even as the domestic economy began to sputter, Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook spent a good chunk of an earnings call last year talking up the country’s promise, saying Apple’s investing there “for the decades ahead.” Then the country’s slowdown and regulatory tangles took their toll. Authorities intervened, blocking iTunes Movies and iBooks, ending a period of near-unimpeded growth in the country. But perhaps most crucial was the ascendancy of cheaper but just-as-good local alternatives. Oppo and Vivo’s gains have come mainly at the expense of lower-tier names thus far, but if they climb further into the premium segment, the U.S. company will need an answer. Some think the 10th- anniversary iPhone due in 2017 could deliver. “Apple needs to offer something cutting-edge to appeal to maturing Chinese smartphone users,” Counterpoint Research director Neil Shah writes. Oppo and Vivo can use the time until then to cement their positions, he said. Together Oppo and Vivo shipped about 40 million smartphones in the third quarter, about 34 percent of devices sold in the world’s biggest market, according to IDC. In 2012, their combined share was about 2.5 percent. IPhone shipments plunged more than a third to 8.2 million during the period -- less than half of Vivo’s. Samsung, which once led the market, now settles for roughly 5 percent, according to Counterpoint. As Apple has faltered in China, Cook has stepped up his courtship of decision-makers. He visited the country several times this year, unveiled plans for research centers in Beijing and Shenzhen, and invested $1 billion in Uber rival Didi Chuxing. Cook said on his last earnings call he remains confident of a return to growth this quarter. Samsung declined to comment for this story, while Apple directed Bloomberg to Cook’s previous remarks on China. It’s unclear how Apple can reclaim lost ground in the interim. Previous attempts to drift down-market -- with the iPhone 5c and SE, for instance -- fizzled as local users shunned seemingly inferior devices. Apple doesn’t run a vibrant online social community for users the way some of its local rivals do. And competing on price will jeopardize the industry’s fattest profit margins. Oppo and Vivo pack high-end specs into a phone that sells for a fraction of its rival’s in China, where iPhone 7s start at 5,388 ($784). Consider the Oppo R9 plus: for 2,999 yuan, buyers get an aluminum body, 6-inch display, 16-megapixel camera and a battery that claims 19 hours of calls, photo and web browsing. Vivo’s high-end Xplay6, with a price tag of 4,498 yuan, also undercuts Apple. “Both companies invested heavily in marketing,” said Nicole Peng, Asia Pacific research director at consultancy Canalys. Oppo and Vivo have a strong grip on the middle market for phones from $200 to $500, she said. “Their offline channel strategy paid off.” The man who’s clobbering Apple started out low on the tech spectrum. Duan made his fortune selling DVD players, telephones and game consoles similar to Nintendo’s. Bubugao Communication Equipment Co. Ltd., the parent of Vivo, emerged from a restructuring in 1999 that split his company. The billionaire later teamed with long-time colleague Tony Chen and others to found what came to be known as Guangdong Oppo Electronics Co. While Duan has kept a low profile since moving to the U.S. in 2001, he occasionally makes his way into the spotlight. In 2006, he bid a then-record $620,100 to have lunch with Warren Buffett. Oppo’s first smartphone came in 2011, when it unveiled a device with a BlackBerry-like keyboard. The same year, Bubugao created the business that would become Vivo.  Today, Vivo touts its cameras and Oppo focuses on rapid-charging and battery life. But their offline strategies remain the same: mobilizing tens of thousands of private shop owners. Oppo said it sells its products through roughly 240,000 privately owned stores as of June -- six times the global count of McDonald’s. Vivo manages about half that, said Jin. Oppo, which doesn’t disclose sales figures, said about 90 percent of its phones were sold offline.  While Xiaomi shot to international prominence with flash online promotions, that success has been concentrated in densely packed cities. That doesn’t work so well in the countryside, where novice buyers want advice and demonstrations. By cultivating a physical network, Oppo and Vivo are building a platform difficult to replicate in the short run.  The most important business stories of the day. Get Bloomberg's daily newsletter. Sign Up Politics The latest political news, analysis, charts, and dispatches from Washington. You will now receive the Politics newsletter Markets The most important market news of the day. So you can sleep an extra five minutes. You will now receive the Markets newsletter Technology Insights into what you'll be paying for, downloading and plugging in tomorrow and 10 years from now. You will now receive the Technology newsletter Pursuits What to eat, drink, wear and drive – in real life and your dreams. You will now receive the Pursuits newsletter Game Plan The school, work and life hacks you need to get ahead. You will now receive the Game Plan newsletter Apple, in contrast, has fewer than 40 stores across the mainland, most of which are in large cities. Cook has said its iPhones are also sold through about 40,000 locations, though that includes stores controlled by wireless carriers and spots within nationwide electronics chains. While its retail network is lauded for helping weave an aura of exclusivity and chic around its higher-priced gadgets, Chinese consumers -- particularly in smaller, poorer cities -- value access to someone local who can work out kinks. That sort of after-sales support is in itself a powerful marketing tool, IDC’s Jin said. For now, neither Oppo nor Vivo appear overly concerned with the world’s most valuable company. Their executives say they’ll stick to their winning strategies, while exploring ways to keep pushing the smartphone envelope. “We have to keep our minds clear in the fast-changing market,” said Allen Wu, Oppo’s vice-president in charge of sales. “All we need to do is to keep our heads down and make the correct moves.” To Vivo, that means targeting younger users with higher-performance devices. “Camera and music will be our key focuses in the future. We are seeing greater customer expectations out of these two areas,” company vice-president Ni Xudong said. That message resonates with the likes of Chen Siyu, an accountant who uses her Vivo phone at least four hours a day to chat with friends, watch videos and apply for jobs. “I chose Vivo because of its design and photographing capability,” said the 26-year-old who lives in the town of Pu’tian in Fujian. “It is not expensive and doesn’t slow down after longtime use like many Android phones do.” — With assistance by Yuan Gao Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Read This Next Apple Abandons Development of Wireless Routers Apple's Chip Choices May Leave Some iPhone Users in Slow Lane The Practical, Non-Hipster Tech Gift Guide Trending Now This Is Where the World's Highest-Paid Expats Live Top Investor Picks for Emerging Markets in 2017 Islamic State Claims New Year’s Massacre at Istanbul Nightclub Perdue Is Trump’s Lead Pick for Agriculture Secretary Trump to Continue Making News, Policy via Unconventional Twitter Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide POPULAR TOPICS Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Popular Topics  Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search Yes, there’s an Apple Black Friday 2016 sale Chris Davies - Nov 22, 2016 0 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit If discounts and deals are your thing, Apple seldom satisfies: the Cupertino company is not only reluctant to cut its prices, but generally frowns on those resellers who dare to. That’s going to change this Friday, though, with a rare Apple sale the day after Thanksgiving. Unlike many Black Friday promotions we’re seeing this year, though, Apple’s will really only be just for one day. Apple calls it a “one-day shopping event” but, beyond the fact that it’s taking place, we have little to go on. The company will be offering two-day delivery on in-stock products as long as they’re ordered before 5pm, it says. You’ll be able to order online as well as through the standalone Apple app on your iPhone or iPad; there’ll also apparently be in-store offers too. In previous years, Apple has offered fairly conservative discounts on select items from its range. That’s included Apple gift cards with the purchase of a product back in 2013, though it switched back to cutting device prices the following year. As for 2015, Apple skipped Black Friday altogether. Earlier this week, Apple revealed its holiday 2016 advert. Taking a festive monster theme – no, not a phrase you see often – it makes the iPhone 7 its centerpiece. Although savings from Apple are rare, better deals can often be found elsewhere during this pre-holiday period. In previous years it has offered around $50 off the cost of a new iPad, for instance, or $25 off a set of Beats headphones. Amazon, in contrast, is already offering more than $126 off the iPad Pro 9.7. A set of Beats Solo3 headphones that Apple charges $299.95 for, you can save $50 from online. What remains to be seen is whether brand new products, like the fairly controversial new MacBook Pro, will get a cut come Friday. Apple was criticized from some quarters for just how expensive the new “professional” notebook is, particularly for those models which have the flagship Touch Bar interface strip. Although the range kicks off at $1,499 for the 13-inch version, you’re looking at upwards of $1,799 if you want the OLED touch-strip in place of the traditional function key row. Of course, if it’s an iPhone 7 you’re in the market for, Apple itself doesn’t have to be your only port of call. We’ve already seen deals for the latest iPhone announced in carrier and retailer Black Friday promotions. So, if you’re looking for a new iPhone 7 – or, indeed, a smartphone to suit just about any budget – we’ve got your covered. MORE Apple SlashGear uses Amazon affiliate links, and if you buy something we may get a small share of the sale Story Timeline Microsoft details Black Friday 2016 deals: sales start November 24 Amazon's Black Friday starts early with Alexa's Voice Shopping 20 Black Friday phone deals: iPhone, Pixel, Galaxy and more The 5 best Black Friday gaming sales of 2016 Tags AppleBlack Fridayrumor Must Read Bits & Bytes It’s time this car safety tech was standard Tesla Autopilot update makes 2016 deadline; Price increase pushed back iPhone manufacturer Foxconn reveals plans to fully automate factories The Google Pixel shipping nightmare (and Verizon’s XL role) Nintendo Switch needs retro games to succeed Latest Headlines Rare dinosaur egg embryo hints at 6-month incubation times Jan 2, 2017 Galaxy S8 leaked to get Continuum-like experience Jan 2, 2017 NASA wraps up the year with a catchy tune and 2016 highlights Jan 2, 2017 Bitcoin is back over $1,000 as value climbs Jan 2, 2017 Topps, maker of sports cards, discloses data breach Jan 2, 2017 Latest Reviews The McLaren 570S is my favorite car of 2016 Dec 30, 2016 2017 Hyundai Santa Fe Review: Affordable SUV more than matches its 7 passenger peers Dec 28, 2016 2016 BMW 330e Review: The secret plug-in hybrid Dec 26, 2016 2017 Infiniti Q60 Red Sport 400 Review Dec 26, 2016 Lenovo Phab 2 Pro review: Google Tango has landed Dec 21, 2016 Search © 2005-2016 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Jan 02, 9:58 PM EST Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology iPhone Rumors: Apple Exploring Foldable Smartphones With 'Flexible Display Devices' Patent By Denisse Moreno On 11/22/16 AT 4:46 PM Close Foldable phones might make a comeback through Apple, a patent for a flexible phone granted on Tuesday shows. The patent, filed in July 2014, shows Apple has been looking into a hinged iPhone model, but hints that it might be other “ electronic devices” as well. The patent for “flexible display devices” reveals a touchscreen phone with a flexible, metal-backed OLED display that can be folded in half and grip to a user’s clothes. The Apple patent points out how screens could bend either towards each other or back-to-back. Additional hinges allow the device to be followed in different ways, even in thirds. T he sheet of flexible metal comprises nitinol, the document says. The patent, originally reported on by AppleInsider, explains how the hinges on the devices would work: “The hinges may include hinges based on a three-bar linkage, hinges based on a four-bar linkage, hinges with slotted members, hinges formed from flexible support structures, and hinges based on flexible housing structures. Flexible displays may be mounted to the housing portions overlapping the hinges.” Related Stories iPhones May Soon Be Manufactured in the US, Report Says Only One iPhone 8 Model Could Sport OLED Display The patent also hints that Apple wants to create devices that hold onto clothing. “Engagement structures may be used to help the housing grip external objects and to hold the housing portions in desired positions,” the patent says. “The hinges may also be provided with rotational detents to help hold the flexible display in desired positions.” The patent also includes two-hinge designs, cover glass and viewing positions for the devices. It is not for sure that Apple will create foldable devices, but the patent shows ideas Apple is exploring. Apple was granted a patent for a foldable phone earlier this month. Join the Discussion Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Business Samsung To Release Note 7 Probe Results Soon The South Korean company will reportedly make public the results of its investigation into the Note 7 battery fiasco before the end of January. Technology HTC Ocean Note Will Be Called U Ultra The HTC U Ultra is said to come with a 6-inch display and will be revealed on Jan. 12. World American Survived Istanbul Attack By 'Playing Dead' William Jacob Raak took a bullet and remained in place as a rampage went on around him. National Lake Erie Plane Crash Victim Was College Student Megan Casey was returning home with her family after seeing an NBA game when the plane she was flying in disappeared. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iPad Air 2 iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS Sierra Retina MacBook tvOS 10 watchOS 3 Buyer's Guide Forums iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s Retina MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air Apple VR Project iMac iPad Air 2 Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > New in OS X: Get MacRumors Push Notifications on your Mac Resubscribe Now Close Apple Inks Apple Music Deal With Indian Ride-Hailing Company Ola Tuesday November 22, 2016 1:58 pm PST by Juli Clover Apple has partnered with Indian ride-sharing company Ola to make Apple Music available to customers who order a ride, reports The Los Angeles Times. Apple Music, along with services from Sony, Fynd, and Audio Compass, will be incorporated into a platform called Ola Play, allowing customers to control music, watch videos, read ebooks, and adjust in-car temperature, all from a tablet inside the car. Apple Music will be one of the audio choices, letting customers choose which music to listen to on the car's audio system while on their journey. Ola, which holds 75 percent of the ride-sharing market in India, believes the platform will "completely transform" the ride experience. Image via YourStory According to a Brulte and Co. analyst that spoke to The Los Angeles Times, Apple's Ola deal, combined with Apple's stake in Chinese ride-hailing company Didi Chuxing, points towards deeper connected car ambitions. "Apple invested $1 billion in [Chinese ride-hailing giant] Didi, so it has access to all their data. Now Apple will have access to Ola's Apple Music data," said Grayson Brulte, president of technology consulting firm Brulte and Co. "So you start to put the pieces together. I wouldn't be surprised to see Apple try to gather all the data in the food chain." [...] Brulte said it wouldn't be surprising to see Apple shift from working on self-driving cars to working on the services and interfaces with which drivers and passengers interact. Think: The sleek and simple design of iOS, for cars.With its own car development ambitions on hold, Apple is said to be working to develop autonomous driving software that could be incorporated into vehicles made by third-party companies. Such a system would undoubtedly be able to be deeply integrated with iOS devices, offering a heads-up display and other functionality. Apple has been dabbling in the car market for several years with its CarPlay offering, which is built into many new 2016 and 2017 car models available today, and an autonomous driving system could be a natural evolution. Speculation has suggested that Apple could use Didi Chuxing to test such software in the future, as it provides Apple with a huge fleet of cars to work with. Apple first invested $1 billion in Didi Chuxing in May of 2016 and now holds a seat on the company's board. Ola Play will be available in Bangalore, Mumbai, and Delhi for Ola Select customers starting next week. It will expand to all Prime rides in three months time. Tags: Apple Music, India, Ola [ 66 comments ] Top Rated Comments (View all) robeddie 6 weeks ago Yes, ignore 1.3B people and instead focus on hardware for 25,000. Such a visionary you are. And some little company who makes $1B profit every ten days is dumb. Will you be CEO? Watch this Steve Jobs interview about xerox. He says big companies (like Apple is now) fall into the trap of 'profits first' ... 'following the heard'. You want Apple to do exactly what Steve Jobs said is the death of these kinds of companies: [MEDIA=youtube]_1rXqD6M614[/MEDIA] [doublepost=1479857067][/doublepost] Please wake up from your sleep. The Apple you are thinking about no longer exists. Think again. You should watch this video as well. The Apple Puma1552 wants is the Apple that is good for us, and (in the long run) good for Apple as well. Rating: 18 Votes puma1552 6 weeks ago this is dumb how about a new time capsule and apple branded display? Rating: 17 Votes Mac Fly (film) 6 weeks ago this is dumb how about a new time capsule and apple branded display? Yes, ignore 1.3B people and instead focus on hardware for 25,000. Such a visionary you are. And some little company who makes $1B profit every ten days is dumb. Will you be CEO? Rating: 16 Votes bandalay 6 weeks ago This is sad. What the heck is happening in Cupertino? Smells of Eddie Cue. Rating: 15 Votes 62tele 6 weeks ago This is groundbreaking news! It's all about priorities and clearly Apple has their eye on the ball. Music and emojis are the future. Wait! Will they combine Apple music with dancing emoji animations? Rating: 14 Votes puma1552 6 weeks ago Yes, ignore 1.3B people and instead focus on hardware for 25,000. Such a visionary you are. yes because listening to some lousy song that isnt service proprietary during a cab ride is such a contribution to humanity. give me a break, i can hear virtually anything on apple music...not on apple music. Rating: 11 Votes 2headedgeek 6 weeks ago DDDDDDesperation Rating: 11 Votes pcmacgamer 6 weeks ago Yes, ignore 1.3B people and instead focus on hardware for 25,000. Such a visionary you are. And some little company who makes $1B profit every ten days is dumb. Will you be CEO? At least that guy won't leave product lines high and dry. Rating: 8 Votes The Barron 6 weeks ago How about new iMacs?! Rating: 7 Votes Derpage 6 weeks ago Saturation over innovation Cook needs to go. Rating: 6 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming iMac Early 2017 Updated models with AMD graphics options expected in early 2017. iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 New glass-backed design rumored to lose the Home button. More Blog Stories AirPods Reset Fixes Charging Case Battery Issues for Some, but Issues Persist for Others 9 hours ago on iOS Blog Although the AirPods have been well-received by a majority of users after the holidays, the largest issue persisting online centers around troublesome battery drain issues with the headphones'... 49 comments TrackR Announces New Tracking Devices and Home-Mapping Smart Plug 12 hours ago on iOS Blog With CES gearing up in a few days, some companies have begun revealing new products ahead of the show, and today TrackR has unveiled new updates to its range of Bluetooth tracking devices that help... 18 comments iPhone 7 Photos Highlight New Year's Eve Festivities Around the World 14 hours ago on iOS Blog Apple partnered with 15 photographers in a number of countries around the world to capture New Year's Eve festivities with photos taken on iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus devices, according to CNN. ... 22 comments MacRumors Giveaway: Win a G-Drive USB-C SSD or HDD From G-Technology 3 days ago on Mac Blog For this week’s giveaway, we’ve teamed up with G-Technology to offer MacRumors readers a chance to win either a 1TB G-Drive Slim USB-C SSD or a 1TB G-Drive Mobile USB-C hard drive. The G-Drive... 21 comments Apple to Bolster Presence in India Through Tax Concessions and New Factories 3 days ago on iOS Blog Following reports this month that Apple has been in talks to manufacture its products locally in India, as well as set up a distribution center in the country, an article by Bloomberg today suggests... 30 comments Foxconn Details Three-Phase Plan to Eventually 'Automate Entire Factories' in China 4 days ago on iOS Blog Foxconn is deploying a plan broken down into three phases that will eventually "automate entire factories" in China (via DigiTimes). According to the general manager of Foxconn's... 69 comments Facebook and Google Dominate 'Top Smartphone Apps of 2016' List, While Apple Music Ranks 9th 4 days ago on iOS Blog A new trend study published by Nielsen this week looks into the top smartphone apps of 2016, as well as the operating systems that the apps were downloaded on. This year within the United States,... 30 comments Kanex Announces GoPower Watch Stand and Mini Keychain Battery for Apple Watch 4 days ago on iOS Blog Kanex today announced two additional devices to its line of GoPower Apple Watch accessories: the GoPower Watch Stand and GoPower Watch Mini. The two new accessories join the GoPower Watch Portable... 34 comments • Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey Says a Form of Editing is Needed (41) • Twitter's Periscope Now Supports 360-Degree Live Videos (5) • Lenovo Announces New 'ThinkPad' Docks Equipped With Thunderbolt 3 and USB-C Ports (66) • Hulu Inks Exclusive Streaming Deal With Disney, Gains 50+ New Titles (47) • Apple Watch Owners Notified of Upcoming 'Ring In the New Year' Activity Achievement (71) • LEDVANCE Announces HomeKit-Enabled 'Sylvania Smart Multicolor Bulb' That Doesn't Need Central Hub (35) • Video Converter 'Handbrake 1.0' Released for Mac After 13 Years in Beta (95)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Husain Sumra Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade 'Snowball!' Review - Pinball in a Winter Wonderland 'Island Delta' Review - Heavy is the Hand That Wields the Gravity Gun Update Mondays: 'Daddy Long Legs', 'Subway Surfers', 'Shadowverse', 'Warp Shift', and (Not Many) More 2016 Recap, Best of and Best Stories - The TouchArcade Show #288 TouchArcade Needs Your Help - Tell Your Friends and Support Our Patreon TouchArcade Game of the Week: 'Don't Starve: Shipwrecked' AppShopper Apple Announces New iPhone 6s with 3D Touch Apple Announces iPad Pro with 12.9-inch Retina Display Apple Announces iOS 9, Bringing Split-Screen Multi-tasking to iPad Apple Announces Mac OS X 10.11 'El Capitan' Apple Watch Pre-Orders to Open on April 10, Available Starting on April 24 Apple Announces New 12-inch MacBook with Retina Display Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Speculation is mounting that Jony Ive has checked out at Apple Kif Leswing Nov. 22, 2016, 4:39 PM 67,674 facebook linkedin twitter email print Jony Ive. Getty Last fall, Apple Chief Design Officer Jony Ive was asked what he would do if he weren't designing for Apple. "If I wasn't doing this, I think I would just be drawing or making stuff for friends," Ive said during an interview with Charlie Rose. "Maybe it would just be Christmas tree ornaments, I don't know." Last Sunday, the London hotel Claridge's unveiled its annual Christmas tree installation. It was designed by Ive. Ive's official Apple bio says he's "responsible for all design at Apple, including the look and feel of Apple hardware, user interface, packaging, major architectural projects such as Apple Campus 2 and Apple's retail stores, as well as new ideas and future initiatives." But people who know the company well are starting to suggest that Ive has been taking more of a backseat role and may not even be deeply involved in product design anymore, which was where he made his biggest mark on the company. "I've heard that he has lately been checked out or not as directly involved with product design, and that he's been largely focused on architecture," Apple watcher John Gruber told Jason Snell, the former editor of Macworld, during a podcast last week. Ive is mostly working on the new retail stores and working closely with head of retail Angela Ahrendts, Snell said he's heard. Gruber later clarified on his blog that he did not mean to imply Ive was on his way out, and that Apple sources have told him "every aspect of every new product remains as much under his watchful eye as ever." Kif Leswing/Business Insider There isn't a whole lot of evidence one way or the other. But a new glossy book taking a look back at Ive's best designs is certainly stoking the speculation. "Criticizing execs is unpopular, but Ive seems stretched thin, burnt out, and bored," Apple blogger Marco Arment tweeted. "I'd love to see some fresh design leadership at Apple." The history Rob Price/Business Insider During Apple's meteoric rise from 2000 to 2011, Ive was at Steve Jobs' side. He ran Apple's industrial design department, which was empowered to imagine products like the iPhone. Ive often gave concepts to Apple's engineering department, telling them to make the product design possible, which is counter to how industrial design works at other high-tech firms. Ive considered himself Jobs' closest friend, and he is still seen as a critical person for the company. His 20-person team designed every single one of Apple's iconic products in the past 15 years, from the iPod to the iPhone. If Ive were to retire officially, it could spook investors. After Jobs' death, it looked as if Ive had received even more responsibility at Apple. He expanded his role from strictly physical industrial design to digital user interface as well. Then, in the summer of 2015, Ive received a promotion to chief design officer. The news was announced in a British newspaper on a bank holiday Monday. CEO Tim Cook explained the move in a memo to employees, which was leaked and published on 9to5Mac: "As Chief Design Officer, Jony will remain responsible for all of our design, focusing entirely on current design projects, new ideas and future initiatives. On July 1, he will hand off his day-to-day managerial responsibilities of ID and UI to Richard Howarth, our new vice president of Industrial Design, and Alan Dye, our new vice president of User Interface Design." When Ive left, Harper Alexander, his handpicked lab manager and right-hand man, left the group, too — he now does corporate recruiting for Apple. Many analysts, such as Above Avalon's Neil Cybart, still believe that Ive is one of the most important people at the company. "With Jony Ive positioned as overseer of Apple design, his influence on Apple's product direction cannot be overstated," he wrote earlier this month. But earlier this spring, Apple's iPhone SE launched without a product explanation from Ive, as most previous Apple products had received. And he kept a low profile at the launch event — only one reporter who attended told us he saw Ive, while many others said they thought he wasn't there. Ive contributed voice-overs to the launches of the iPhone 7 and MacBook Pro this fall. But as many have observed, he did more press, including two interviews, for his new book than he did for Apple's latest products. Ive is certainly keeping a much lower profile than he did before his promotion. Impossible to tell SEC Despite Ive's clear importance to the company and his role in Apple lore, the company does not list Ive as one of its six most highly compensated executives in Securities and Exchange Commission documents. (Those execs are CEO Tim Cook, CFO Luca Maestri, Ahrendts, Online Services SVP Eddy Cue, Hardware SVP Dan Riccio, and General Counsel Bruce Sewell.) The last time Ive was listed on a SEC Form 4, which is required whenever an "insider" acquires or disposes of stock, was in 2009. It said he owned 28,127 shares of Apple stock at the time. There's been a 7-1 split since then. Simply put, nobody outside Apple knows how much Ive makes, even though we know what the rest of Apple's executive team makes. Shareholders do not know what Ive makes. It could be massive, or he could already be collecting a nominal salary because he's effectively retired. It's impossible to tell. Making it harder for investors to gain clarity on the situation, Ive has traditionally run a leak-free, extremely secretive ship. Even Snell and Gruber, with their inside Apple sources, realize there is only so much an Apple employee would know, given that Ive's team has traditionally worked apart from the company, especially the software engineering department. Former Apple exec Scott Forstall, who developed iOS, could not get into Ive's lab with his senior vice president ID card, according to a biography of Ive. The team was small, at fewer than 20 members, although it has grown recently and now includes user interface as well. Few people ever leave the group, although Daniel Coster, a longtime member, was wooed by GoPro. These team members sit together at lunch and are fiercely loyal to one another. If anyone knows if Ive is no longer showing up to the shop, it's them, and they're not talking — to other Apple employees or the press. Apple did not respond to a request for comment. The future? Apple Campus 2. City of Cupertino Of course, Ive could just be head down, working on Apple's next big thing — the successor to the iPhone that will ensure the company remains the world's most admired for years to come. Snell suggests that the Apple Car, now seemingly on the back burner, was an Ive passion project. That's certainly plausible. One of the reported goals for the Apple Car project was to retain top talent who might be bored working on incremental iPhone improvements. But it's much harder to see Ive driving the development behind a pair of smart glasses, or augmented reality, which Apple is currently working on. Ive told The New Yorker that the face "was the wrong place" for technology, in a long profile written in the fall of 2014, just before Apple unveiled the Apple Watch. Ive sounded tired: "He was a few days from starting a three-week vacation, the longest of his career. The past year had been 'the most difficult' he'd experienced since joining Apple, he said later that day, explaining that the weariness I'd sometimes seen wasn't typical. Since our previous meeting, he'd had pneumonia. 'I just burnt myself into not being very well,' he said." A quote from Jobs' widow in the same profile hinted at a role change as well: "He had discouraged the thought that Newson's appointment portended his own eventual departure, although when I spoke to Powell Jobs she wondered if 'there might be a way where there's a slightly different structure that's a little more sustainable and sustaining.' Comparing the careers of her husband and Ive, she noted that 'very few people ever get to do such things,' but added, 'I do think there's a toll.'" Ive's studio is currently located on the ground floor at 2 Infinite Loop, with a direct passageway to 1 Infinite Loop, where Cook and the rest of his executive team members meet weekly. When Apple moves into its new "Spaceship" Campus 2, the industrial design group will get the best location on the ring. They'll be on the fourth floor, in a new 30,000-square-foot studio. They will have a view of much of Apple's campus. It's a symbol of how important the industrial design group led by Ive has been to Apple. When the team moves in, will Ive be there, looking at the campus he designed and helped build with them? Or will he be off in England designing retail stores, the Apple Car, or Christmas ornaments for friends? Know anything about what Jony Ive is up to these days? Email the author at kleswing@businessinsider.com. SEE ALSO: REVIEWED: Here are the most interesting parts of Apple's new $300 book NOW WATCH: Apple’s original logo looks nothing like it does today — here’s how it’s changed Loading video... More: Apple Jony Ive facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Speculation is mounting that Jony Ive has checked out at Apple Speculation is mounting that Jony Ive has checked out at Apple Last fall, Apple Chief Design Officer Jony Ive... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured 5 innovations in radiology that could impact everything from the Zika virus to dermatology More "Digital Industry Insider" » Keep tabs on the latest from Business Insider in our new Chrome Extension More "BI Innovations" » Get Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Newsletter-controller Sign-Up Learn More » Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Business Insider Select 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Mobile Insights BII Mobile Insights More Featured 10 Things Before the Opening Bell BI Intelligence Daily Business Insider Select Digital Industry Insider Instant MBA Markets Chart Of The Day Business Insider Events Tech Chart Of The Day Tech Select Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Strategy 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Advertising Select Careers Select Retail Select Strategy Select Life Breaking News Education Select Entertainment Select Life Select Tech Digital Media Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Enterprise Select Fintech Briefing IoT Chart of the Day Mobile Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Science Select Finance Finance Insider Markets Select Smart Investor Your Money Select Politics Military Select Politics Select Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Sports Sports Letter to My Younger Self Basketball great Ray Allen: ’Do you want to fit in, or do you want to embark on the lonely pursuit of greatness?' Read Allen's letter to his teenage self » Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT
null
Skip to main content area You can close this video in 5 seconds.   LIVE SMARTER THE AUTOMATOR Smart Shopping BIG QUESTIONS Lists VIDEOS QUIZZES STORE PLUS Amazing Facts Job Secrets Language Space Weather World War I Kennections LIVE SMARTER THE AUTOMATOR SMART SHOPPING BIG QUESTIONS LISTS VIDEOS QUIZZES PLUS Amazing Facts Job Secrets Language Space Weather World War I Kennections STORE Apple Will Hold a Black Friday Sale This Year Share Kirstin Fawcett filed under: shopping, tech, technology Image credit:  iStock Like us on Facebook Tech lovers can add Apple to their Black Friday shopping itineraries: Today, the company announced on its website that it’s holding a one-day-only sale on Friday, November 25. This is the first time that Apple has offered a Black Friday promotion since 2014. Last year, the franchise opted out of the day-long commercial extravaganza, citing employee welfare as the reason. So far, there’s no word on why Apple changed its mind (though revenue declines might be a possible explanation), or which products are going on sale. But as Mashable points out, the company’s homepage features an Apple watch (its display reads "Fri 25: Save the date"), so it’s possible that the tech giant might offer discounts on hardware this year. In 2014, Apple simply offered customers iTunes gift cards, valued from $25 to $10, if they purchased qualifying products. Sale details are scarce, but Apple’s homepage lists Black Friday perks including free two-day delivery on in-stock items before 5 p.m. and extended in-store hours at select locations. We suggest checking back for additional details later this week—and if you're planning to brave the crowds at a brick-and-mortar store this Friday, remember to wear comfortable shoes and get there early to beat the crowds. Good luck! More from mental_floss...  24 Vintage Photographs of Abe Lincoln  18 Disney Movies That Were Never Made  Why Aren't You Supposed to Wake a Sleepwalker?  The Genius Who Invented Brunch November 22, 2016 - 4:15pm Share View the discussion thread. . POPULAR ON mental_floss Viewed Past: 1 day 1 week 1 month 1 year POPULAR ON LIVE SMARTER 9 New Year's Resolutions to Tackle in 2017 8 Holiday Traditions From Around the World 11 Hidden Wedding Costs to Look Out For POPULAR ON LIVE SMARTER 9 Money Resolutions to Make for 2017 An Infographic Guide to Holiday Tipping 7 Wedding Disasters to Prepare For POPULAR ON LIVE SMARTER 7 Common Thanksgiving Hazards and How to Avoid Them 10 Surprising Hazards of Holiday Decorating How Much Will My New Baby Cost? 8 Things to Save For POPULAR ON LIVE SMARTER 9 Kitchen Hacks to Take the Stress Out of Holiday Hosting 11 Packing Hacks for Your Trip Home for the Holidays Anatomy of a Resume: 9 Tips for Making Yours Stand Out POPULAR ON LIVE SMARTER An Infographic Guide to Your Baby's First Year 6 Budgeting Myths, Busted 11 Easy Ways to Get Your Home Ready for Winter POPULAR ON LIVE SMARTER 8 Smart Tips for Budgeting for Holiday Expenses 11 Brilliant Ways to Holiday Shop Without Breaking the Bank A Simple Trick for Defrosting Your Windshield in Less Than 60 Seconds NEWSLETTER A super-skimmable daily digest. Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Subscribe To Our Newsletter A super-skimmable Daily Digest filled with fun stories from our editors. About Privacy Authors RSS Terms Contact Customer Service Store ©2016 Mental Floss, Inc. All rights reserved. Mental Floss® is a registered trademark owned by Felix Dennis. mentalfloss.com is a trademark owned by Felix Dennis.
Trending: Tips for new tech devices IDG Editors on tech trends for '17 Tech luminaries we lost in 2016 Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. Face-off: Oracle vs. HPE for data warehousing Tips on shooting great video with your drone Free tools for your cyber-security efforts 5 tips for succeeding with a virtual workforce More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Home Tech Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Artificial Intelligence Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) CRM Collaboration Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Computer Hardware News Apple's exit from wireless routers will have consequences Refocusing on more important, profitable products comes with a price, analysts argue By Gregg Keizer | Follow Senior Writer, Computerworld | Nov 22, 2016 11:22 AM PT Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. The Apple logo hangs from the front of the new Apple Store Williamsburg in Brooklyn, New York. Credit: REUTERS/Andrew Kelly More like this Apple takes iPhone to 7, Watch to 2, headphone jack to 0 Apple says Wi-Fi isn’t interesting anymore Bloomberg says Apple is getting out of the router business Video Mingis on Tech: From superfast SSDs to Bluetooth locks and solar shingles Apple's exit from some fringe businesses -- external displays and more recently, wireless routers -- is probably nothing more than a refocus on its core competencies, analysts said today. But parting with such products, while they have been minor money makers, may have outsized consequences. "I don't think there's value in the business today," said Carolina Milanesi of Creative Strategies, referring to reports by Bloomberg that Apple had disbanded the division responsible for developing its wireless routers. Instead, Apple is "looking at its businesses and deciding where they make sense, where to put their priorities," Milanesi continued. Last month, Apple dropped its own external display from its online store and instead recommended models from South Korean electronics giant LG. Jan Dawson, principal analyst at Jackdaw Research, also saw the exits as markers, not of a retrenchment from unprofitable businesses but of concentration on the revenue streams that matter. "I think they suggest something about focus, that perhaps it makes sense [to close those businesses] that don't have a strategic role," said Dawson. Apple does not split out revenue from its smaller portfolios, such as monitors and routers -- or even the broader "accessories" category on its e-store -- but pours them, with others, into "Other Products," which includes much bigger money makers like Apple TV, Apple Watch and the Beats headphone line. But while it made sense for Apple to withdraw from minor markets to devote its finite resources to more important, more profitable businesses, the pull-back from wireless routers also puzzled analysts. Both Dawson and Milanesi contrasted Apple's retreat with the push by its rival Google into the same market. The latter launched its own router last month; the devices will begin shipping in early December. Dawson wondered what the demise of Apple's AirPort Express router meant for HomeKit, the company's home automation technology and initiative. Routers, Dawson argued, are important to the smart home concept beyond providing network access to connect devices to each other, and the Internet in general. "There's a critical role for the router [in home automation], you want the router to make smart decisions," he said, ticking off examples such as prioritizing communications among the many devices and providing responsive commands in certain situations. If Apple doesn't offer something else as the hub for HomeKit, then it must be ready to "open it up and let everyone else do the work," said Dawson. That would be a major departure from its strategy of the past, when Apple portrayed a vision where its own products were central to the concept. Milanesi saw the exit from wireless routers differently. Because Apple's routers were also embedded in its Time Capsule backup devices, she assumed that the company was also getting out of the latter market as well. Her assumption? "They might want to make everyone use iCloud," Milanesi said, referring to Apple's cloud-based storage service. Apple, Milanesi noted, has repeatedly stressed the revenue growth recorded by its Services group, which includes iCloud, and touted how the installed base of iOS and macOS devices can be leveraged into substantial recurring income. To express your thoughts on Computerworld content, visit Computerworld's Facebook page, LinkedIn page and Twitter stream. Related: Computer Hardware Computer Peripherals Apple Senior Writer Gregg Keizer covers Microsoft, security issues, Apple, web browsers and general technology breaking news for Computerworld. Review: Microsoft Teams tries to do Slack one better Shop Tech Products at Amazon You Might Like Notice to our Readers We're now using social media to take your comments and feedback. Learn more about this here. What Readers Like Cortana: The spy in Windows 10 Cortana, Windows 10’s built-in virtual assistant, is both really cool and really creepy. Project Fi has a powerful bonus feature hidden in plain sight Chart and image gallery: 30+ free tools for data visualization and analysis Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our daily newsletter Go Why you should start using Google Keep right away Services like Keep, Evernote and Microsoft OneNote are often called "note-taking apps." But they've... Say goodbye to the MS-DOS command prompt It had a good 36-year run, but its day is done. Popular Resources Black River Case Study Delivering the IT Power for the Anywhere Enterprise IBM Systems and VAI Solution Brief Imperial Bag Case Study Imperial Bag Case Study Go Top Stories Trump offers cybersecurity warning: 'No computer is safe' President-elect Donald Trump weighed in on IT security at a New Year's Eve party, suggesting that the... Face-off: Oracle vs. HPE for data warehousing Considering a data warehouse system? Download this free report for side-by-side comparisons of rival... Making gas stations safe for fraudsters again With soaring online fraud, Mastercard and Visa have done what they can to boost in-store crime. They... 2016: The tech year in cartoons From Microsoft’s push to get users to upgrade to Windows 10 — whether they wanted to or not — to the... Sponsored Links Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
Trending: Tips for new tech devices IDG Editors on tech trends for '17 Tech luminaries we lost in 2016 Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. Face-off: Oracle vs. HPE for data warehousing Tips on shooting great video with your drone Free tools for your cyber-security efforts 5 tips for succeeding with a virtual workforce More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Home Tech Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Artificial Intelligence Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) CRM Collaboration Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Computer Hardware News Apple returns to Black Friday One-day event will almost certainly be bested by resellers' prices and inducements By Gregg Keizer | Follow Senior Writer, Computerworld | Nov 22, 2016 12:40 PM PT Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Credit: Martyn Williams More like this Apple deals gift cards to lure Black Friday shoppers Apple slates Sept. 7 for iPhone 7 introduction Apple takes iPhone 7 preorders, quickly exhausts supply of Jet Black Video Mingis on Tech: From superfast SSDs to Bluetooth locks and solar shingles Apple today signaled that it will return to offering sales specials on Nov. 25, the day this year dubbed "Black Friday" in the U.S. Last year, the Cupertino, Calif. company skipped Black Friday discount pricing or other inducements. In 2013 and 2014, Apple did not cut prices but instead handed out gift cards with many purchases. The cards' value in 2014 were significantly lower than the year before. Today, Apple's website sported a page that declared "Friday can't come soon enough," and promised a "one-day shopping event." Traditionally, Apple has not publicized Black Friday deals before the day itself. The page, however, promised free next-day and two-day shipping for in-stock iPhones and other products, respectively. Apple's restoration of Black Friday deals may have been triggered by its revenue slump this year: Sales in the September quarter, for instance, were down 9% from the year prior. Whatever specials Apple offers on Black Friday will almost certainly be bettered by its resellers, including Best Buy and Wal-Mart. For example, both retailers will throw in a store gift card worth up to $250 with the purchase of an iPhone 7. Most of Apple's U.S. brick-and-mortar stores will open two hours earlier than usual to accommodate Black Friday shoppers. To express your thoughts on Computerworld content, visit Computerworld's Facebook page, LinkedIn page and Twitter stream. Related: Computer Hardware Apple Mac Computer Peripherals Apple Senior Writer Gregg Keizer covers Microsoft, security issues, Apple, web browsers and general technology breaking news for Computerworld. Review: Microsoft Teams tries to do Slack one better Shop Tech Products at Amazon You Might Like Notice to our Readers We're now using social media to take your comments and feedback. Learn more about this here. What Readers Like Cortana: The spy in Windows 10 Cortana, Windows 10’s built-in virtual assistant, is both really cool and really creepy. Project Fi has a powerful bonus feature hidden in plain sight Chart and image gallery: 30+ free tools for data visualization and analysis Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our daily newsletter Go Why you should start using Google Keep right away Services like Keep, Evernote and Microsoft OneNote are often called "note-taking apps." But they've... Say goodbye to the MS-DOS command prompt It had a good 36-year run, but its day is done. Popular Resources Case Study Sponsored Black River Case Study White Paper Delivering the IT Power for the Anywhere Enterprise Virtual Event Sponsored IBM Systems and VAI Solution Brief Case Study Sponsored Imperial Bag Case Study Case Study Sponsored Imperial Bag Case Study Go Top Stories Trump offers cybersecurity warning: 'No computer is safe' President-elect Donald Trump weighed in on IT security at a New Year's Eve party, suggesting that the... Face-off: Oracle vs. HPE for data warehousing Considering a data warehouse system? Download this free report for side-by-side comparisons of rival... Making gas stations safe for fraudsters again With soaring online fraud, Mastercard and Visa have done what they can to boost in-store crime. They... 2016: The tech year in cartoons From Microsoft’s push to get users to upgrade to Windows 10 — whether they wanted to or not — to the... Sponsored Links Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
BUSINESS Technology Apple’s deal with Indian ride-hailing firm Ola hints at bigger connected car ambitions INDIA-BUSINESS-TRANSPORTATION-OLA /Manjunath Kiran / Agence-France Presse Ola co-founder and CEO Bhavish Aggarwal announced Ola Play at a news conference in Bangalore, India, on Tuesday. Ola co-founder and CEO Bhavish Aggarwal announced Ola Play at a news conference in Bangalore, India, on Tuesday. (/Manjunath Kiran / Agence-France Presse) Tracey Lien Apple may have scrapped its plans to build self-driving cars, but if its recent deal with Indian ride-hailing firm Ola is anything to go by, the tech giant’s auto industry ambitions are far from over. Ola, India’s largest ride-hailing company, announced Tuesday that it is partnering with Apple to offer Apple Music as part of the in-car experience. The firm, which also announced partnerships with Sony, Qualcomm and Audio Compass, said the service will be made available in some of its vehicles as part of a platform called Ola Play. When passengers book an Ola ride, they will be able to interact with an in-car tablet to control the vehicle’s air conditioning, music, watch videos and even read ebooks.  “Cars were initially built for the driver,” Ola Chief Executive Bhavish Agarwal said during a news conference reported on by India media outlet YourStory. “But with ride-sharing, the control needs to be there for the passenger, and Ola Play works along that." The partnership is similar to a 2014 deal between Uber and Spotify, in which Uber passengers were given control of the car’s music through the Spotify app on their smartphone. But analysts were quick to note that this is the second overseas ride-hailing company that Apple has either invested in or partnered with, suggesting that the Cupertino company may have plans to develop software or services for ride-hailing companies or even automakers. “Apple invested $1 billion in [Chinese ride-hailing giant] Didi, so it has access to all their data. Now Apple will have access to Ola’s Apple Music data,” said Grayson Brulte, president of technology consulting firm Brulte and Co. “So you start to put the pieces together. I wouldn’t be surprised to see Apple try to gather all the data in the food chain." What Apple might do with this data is anyone’s guess. The notoriously secretive company did not immediately responded to a request for comment.  Brulte said he could see Apple shift from working on self-driving cars to working on the services and interfaces with which drivers and passengers interact. Think: The sleek and simple design of iOS, for cars. The question now is what Apple’s next move might be, as this will be a clearer indicator of what Apple is betting on, Brulte said. “What’s the next relationship?” he said. “We’re waiting for the third domino to fall, and when it does, we’ll understand where this is going." Caption 90 seconds: Goodbye to 2016. Hello, 2017 The end of 2016 will be a wet one in L.A. County; 2016 was a year of surprises and heartbreak; some New Year's resolutions that can only be accomplished in L.A.; and hundreds of new laws will soon take effect in California. The end of 2016 will be a wet one in L.A. County; 2016 was a year of surprises and heartbreak; some New Year's resolutions that can only be accomplished in L.A.; and hundreds of new laws will soon take effect in California. Caption 90 seconds: Goodbye to 2016. Hello, 2017 The end of 2016 will be a wet one in L.A. County; 2016 was a year of surprises and heartbreak; some New Year's resolutions that can only be accomplished in L.A.; and hundreds of new laws will soon take effect in California. The end of 2016 will be a wet one in L.A. County; 2016 was a year of surprises and heartbreak; some New Year's resolutions that can only be accomplished in L.A.; and hundreds of new laws will soon take effect in California. Caption How does a city official make more in retirement than when he was working? In El Monte, a city in the San Gabriel Valley, a bonus pension approved by the city council in 2000 generates a big bill for taxpayers. Here's how it works. In El Monte, a city in the San Gabriel Valley, a bonus pension approved by the city council in 2000 generates a big bill for taxpayers. Here's how it works. Caption Federal scientist links global warming and human activity Ben Santer at Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory east of San Francisco has become more vocal over the years in hopes of beating back claims that climate change isn’t real.  Ben Santer at Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory east of San Francisco has become more vocal over the years in hopes of beating back claims that climate change isn’t real.  Caption Car plunges off 3rd Street overpass onto 110 Freeway A woman is dead after the car she was driving rammed through a guardrail on a downtown overpass and plunged onto the 110 Freeway, prompting the closure of northbound lanes Thursday morning. (Irfan Khan / Los Angeles Times) A woman is dead after the car she was driving rammed through a guardrail on a downtown overpass and plunged onto the 110 Freeway, prompting the closure of northbound lanes Thursday morning. (Irfan Khan / Los Angeles Times) Caption Child abuse in the military: The short, sad life of Rylan Ott Military and state authorities failed to save a 2-year-old boy from abuse. Military and state authorities failed to save a 2-year-old boy from abuse. tracey.lien@latimes.com Twitter: @traceylien ALSO Will adding a selfie to your login prevent cyberattacks? Riot Games closes in on landmark streaming deal for e-sports with MLB Advanced Media Surge of data from cars could be big moneymaker. Do automakers have mettle to harness it? Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, Los Angeles Times Apple Inc. Spotify Uber USC kicks last-second field goal to beat Penn State, 52-49, in the Rose Bowl Rose Parade's floats brighten a gray day Quake swarm near the California-Mexico border gets scientists' attention Most Popular Local Sports Entertainment Politics Opinion Place An Ad 54°
Thanks for contacting us. We've received your submission. Back to Reading News Metro Page Six Sports Business Opinion Entertainment Fashion Living Media Tech Real Estate Sub Menu 1 Photos Video Covers Columnists Horoscopes Sub Menu 2 Classifieds Subscribe Sign in In The News: hillary clinton iran lamar odom 2016 presidential election new york mets Sections Search Tips Sign in New York Post Most Popular 84,112 Thieves steal $6M in jewels while ball drops on New Year's Eve 51,719 A woman live-tweeted a hellish date involving a man who 'doesn't do menus' 28,604 Mark Hamill writes emotional goodbye letter to Carrie Fisher 24,402 Mariah's team says NYE performance was 'sabotaged' for ratings 23,886 Mark Zuckerberg reveals he's no longer an atheist 21,692 Bills owner breaks silence: Why I fired Rex Ryan Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy Tech Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy Apple facing ‘decade-long malaise’ after the iPhone 8 By Jennifer Booton, Marketwatch View author archive Get author RSS feed Name(required) Email(required) Comment(required) November 22, 2016 | 4:10pm | Updated November 22, 2016 | 4:57pm Modal Trigger Getty Images Originally Published By: Apple is the world’s most valuable company and has a massive cash stash, but some analysts fear a prolonged period of weak innovation has set the company up for a “decade-long malaise.” iPhone sales are expected to peak with the release of Apple’s 10th anniversary iPhone next year, according to models from Oppenheimer analyst Andrew Uerkwitz, who predicts 245 million iPhones will sell in Apple’s 2018 fiscal year. That would reflect an increase of 9% from the fiscal 2017 FactSet consensus estimate of 225 million, and an increase of more than 15% from the fiscal year that ended in October. However, Uerkwitz believes next year’s iPhone cycle will present “one last growth hurrah” before consumers begin to drift away from the high prices Apple commands for its smartphones. Apple may struggle to raise iPhone prices meaningfully beyond the next cycle as it deals with fewer hardware breakthroughs and a narrowing performance gap between the iPhone and its closest premium-tier competitors, Uerkwitz wrote. “The risks to the company have never been greater,” said Uerkwitz, who has a perform rating on the stock. “We believe Apple is about to embark on a decade-long malaise.” FindTheCompany | Graphiq Also read: Share buybacks will return with a vengeance next year Another analyst, Monness Crespi Hardt’s James Cakmak, echoed similar bearish sentiment Monday, warning about changing consumer behavior that has lengthened upgrade cycles, and competitive threats from the likes of Alphabet and Amazon.com in the phone, video-streaming and augmented-reality realms. “Apple won’t have it easy again for a while, if ever,” Cakmak said. One issue is an increase in demand for used and refurbished phones. Cakmak warns that Apple’s refurbished-phone program may cannibalize new-device sales, which would further depress average selling prices. Trends tracker IDC said Monday it expects the global used smartphone market to nearly triple from 2015 through 2020, which could impact original equipment manufacturers and mobile operators like Apple and Samsung. Last month, Apple reported its first-ever annual decline in iPhone sales. Its shares have risen 2.3% in the past three months, virtually in line with the Dow Jones Industrial Average, but have underperformed in the past year, falling more than 6% versus a 6% gain for the blue-chip index. Tim Cook announces the new Apple iPhone 7 during a launch event on Sept. 7, 2016.Getty Images Despite the bearish calls, the average rating on Apple stock is the equivalent to buy, while the average target of $130 implies 16% growth from Monday’s closing price. Bullish analysts have more confidence that Apple can maintain a stranglehold on the market for high-price smartphones. Canaccord Genuity’s Michael Walkley, who reiterated a buy rating and $140 price target Monday, said he expects Apple to “extend its leading market share of the premium tier smartphone market,” despite competition from Google’s Pixel phone and other Android phones. Samsung’s disastrous Note 7 recall has also helped this quarter, he said. Others have been bullish on Apple’s reported efforts on smart cars and augmented reality. Apple Chief Executive Tim Cook has been optimistic about AR and has secured a number of acquisitions over the past two years to help accelerate those plans. While Cakmak said Apple is trailing both Google and Amazon, Upload VR’s entrepreneur in residence, Robert Scoble, citing sources, recently reported that Apple is working on a set of mixed-reality glasses that could be ready in 10 months. Also see: Apple and augmented reality — where we’re going, we won’t need iPhones Still, other uncertainties loom, such as the new White House administration. While President-elect Donald Trump’s proposed repatriation tax “holiday” would make it easier for Apple to return cash to the US and put that money to work, other Trump policies that might make Apple build more iPhone components in the US could offset tax-related financial benefits. Last week, Japan’s Nikkei Asian Review reported that Apple reached out to supplier Foxconn Technology about studying the possibility of moving some production to the US, which Cakmak said might have negative implications. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy This article originally appeared on Marketwatch. Filed under apple ,  gadgets ,  iphone ,  tim cook Share this article: Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy Read Next Uber policy change will allow non-violent ex-cons to take ... Read Next Uber policy change will allow non-violent ex-cons to take ... Most Popular This Week 1 Science says these are the men who will make you orgasm 2 Mariah Carey closes 2016 with disastrous NYE performance 3 Massive 'anomaly' lurks beneath ice in Antarctica 4 How this home intruder got what he deserved 5 Obama’s ugly bid to snub voters and tie Trump’s hands 6 Debbie Reynolds rushed to the hospital Share Selection Trending Now on NYPost.com 83,624 Thieves steal $6M in jewels while ball drops on New Year's Eve 54,887 A woman live-tweeted a hellish date involving a man who 'doesn't do menus' 25,812 Mark Hamill writes emotional goodbye letter to Carrie Fisher Yule Log Click here for The Post's HD Yule Log from now until the end of the year! Now On LuAnn de Lesseps and Tom D’Agostino’s ‘tacky’ wedding request Inside Trump’s New Year’s Eve with Sly and Fabio Prince Harry fell in love with Africa after mom’s death SEE ALL Video :46 This dad and his baby perform circus-like balancing acts Now On 10 Movies That Pushed The Boundaries Too Far SEE ALL More Stories pagesix Mark Hamill writes emotional goodbye letter to Carrie Fisher Now On Decider The 10 Sexiest Hidden Gems on Netflix nypost Thieves steal $6M in jewels while ball drops on New Year's Eve New York Post Twitter Facebook Instagram Email Newsletters Mobile Apps Contact Us Tips Twitter Facebook Instagram Sections & Features News Real Estate Page Six Tech Sports Media Metro Photos Entertainment Video Business Alexa Opinion Covers Fashion Horoscopes Living Classifieds Newsletters & Feeds Email Newsletters RSS Feeds NYPost Store Home Delivery Subscribe Manage Subscription Preferences Help/Support Customer Service App FAQ & Help Contact Us Tips Newsroom Letters to the Editor Reprints Careers Apps iPhone App iPad App Android Phone Android Tablet Advertise Media Kit Contact Post Digital Network © 2017 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved | Terms of Use | Privacy | Your Ad Choices News Corp. is a network of leading companies in the world of diversified media, news, and information services. News Corp HarperCollins Marketwatch realtor.com Dow Jones The Sun Storyful Wall Street Journal The Times Mansion Global New York Post The Australian Checkout51 News America Marketing News.com.au Unruly NY Post Never Miss a Story Get The Post delivered directly to your inbox NY Post Morning Report Page Six Daily Breaking News Special Offers Email Sign Up By clicking above you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. X Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Copy Share URL: Copy Link Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up With your existing account from... With your existing account {* loginWidget *} Use an account with your email address Or with a NYPost.com account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *}{* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Or use NYPost.com account Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use an account with your email address Or use another account Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. Please confirm the information below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Sign In", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* traditionalRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Create account", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand our privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a new password Forgot Password? Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password Sent! We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Close Account Already Exists {* mergeAccounts *} {* backButton *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *}
Tech CES 2017 Apple Science Cars Celebrity Movies Business Super Bowl Ads     A Benchmark Comparison Of Pixel/Pixel XL VS Apple IPhone 7/ IPhone 7 Plus Posted: Nov 22 2016, 12:09pm CST | by Ahmed Humayun, in News | Apple     We will be giving you a benchmark comparison of Pixel/Pixel XL VS iPhone7/iPhone 7 Plus. Google has done an impressive job with the Pixel/Pixel XL phones. The recent event held by Google has actually gained much attention which will certainly be beneficial for Pixel Phones. Don't Miss: Super Bowl 2017 Ads However from the performance perspective Apple does not have much to worry about. The early benchmarks received from Geekbench 4 tell us that Apple does not have to worry as the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus both beat the Pixel duo in single and multi-core tests. What is more surprising is that even old hardware such the iPhone SE and iPhone 6S outperform the Pixel duo. Google’s new hardware has been manufactured by HTC. From a software/hardware perspective the hardware is doing well. But for those who are stricter on performance the real deal is on how the device performs. Below are some results obtained from the Geekbench 4 testing: • The Pixel and Pixel XL smartphones returned a single-core score of around 1550, and a multi-core return of around 4000. • Apple’s iPhone 7 showed a multi-core score of around 5500, and a single-core score of around 3500 The Apple results are much higher than what the Google hardware can ever each. Even the Apple SE and iPhone 6S beat the Pixel phone in single-core performance. This means Apple’s hardware in general is more powerful and has a higher raw processing capability than Google. These results do not confirm as to how the Pixel Phones will perform in the real world but the results can certainly be kept in mind while ordering. Comments You May Like The Author Ahmed Humayun Ahmed Humayun is a technology journalist bringing you the hottest tech stories of the day.     Advertisement Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Share this Story Follow Us Read the Latest from I4U News What to Expect from Apple in 2017? 9 hours ago, 12:06pm CST iOS 10.3 Beta Release date is set for 10th January-Will Feature a theatre Mode too 2 days ago, 12:09pm CST Apple is Keen On Bringing Digital Crown to the iPhone and iPad 2 days ago, 11:54am CST The iPhone 7 Is Not Selling Well 2 days ago, 11:43am CST US Family Blames FaceTime for Fatal Car Crash and Sues Apple 2 days ago, 9:26am CST Donald Trump Will Keep His Twitter Account 6 hours ago, 3:01pm CST Why Are YouTubers Losing So Many Viewers? 7 hours ago, 1:46pm CST Titanic Sank Due to Massive Fire, Not Iceberg, Documentary Claims 7 hours ago, 1:30pm CST Pokemon Go New Year Event Details 7 hours ago, 1:24pm CST Dell XPS 13 Convertible Leaked Before CES 2017 8 hours ago, 12:54pm CST LG Nano Cell Ultra HD TV Unveiled at CES 2017 8 hours ago, 12:50pm CST CES 2017: Samsung Unveils Four-in-One Laundry System 8 hours ago, 12:44pm CST HTC Vive 2 Not Launching at CES 2017 8 hours ago, 12:36pm CST Bitcoins Hit 3-Year High 10 hours ago, 10:27am CST Hatchimal Nightmare: Swearing at Children 11 hours ago, 9:54am CST Featured News Nintendo Switch is Available for Pre-order NASA is Building an Ice House on Mars   Super Bowl 2017 Ads and Advertisers CES 2017: Roll out the Red Carpet for Stars Apple What to Expect from Apple in 2017? 9 hours ago, 12:06pm CST iOS 10.3 Beta Release date is set for 10th January-Will Feature a theatre Mode too 2 days ago, 12:09pm CST Apple is Keen On Bringing Digital Crown to the iPhone and iPad 2 days ago, 11:54am CST The iPhone 7 Is Not Selling Well 2 days ago, 11:43am CST More Apple Stories Latest News Donald Trump Will Keep His Twitter Account 6 hours ago, 3:01pm CST Why Are YouTubers Losing So Many Viewers? 7 hours ago, 1:46pm CST Titanic Sank Due to Massive Fire, Not Iceberg, Documentary Claims 7 hours ago, 1:30pm CST Pokemon Go New Year Event Details 7 hours ago, 1:24pm CST More Latest News Your Deals on Amazon The Latest ... Cyber Monday 2016 Holiday Gifts 2016 CES 2017 Super Bowl 2017 Ads Technology News Apple News Science News Celebrity News Movie News Advertising News Car News Business News Political News Sport News TV Show News Also on the Geek Mind Black Friday 2017 Hot Tech Deals About I4U News I4U News is daily News site for the Geek Mind. Expect the latest technology news including the juiciest rumors. Stay up to date with the biggest discoveries in science. Other featured news topics include cars, celebrities, movies and more. Read more. CES 2017 The CES 2017 Consumer electronics show takes place again in Las Vegas. Find out what will new products will be dominating 2017. Virtual Reality, 8K TVs, electric cars will be making CES 2017 headlines in our CES 2017 Coverage. About Us | Privacy Policy | Submit News Tips © Copyright by I4U LLC 2017
Tech CES 2017 Apple Science Cars Celebrity Movies Business Super Bowl Ads     You Can Check Out The Apple Book In This Video Walkthrough Posted: Nov 22 2016, 11:20am CST | by Ahmed Humayun, Updated: Nov 22 2016, 3:31pm CST, in News | Apple     Don't want to spend $200/300 dollars on a book? Watch this video. You will be delighted to know that you can have a look at all the pages of ‘Designed by Apple in California’ Book without even buying the book. This is possible through a video walk through. The book ‘Designed by Apple in California’ is a subject of great interest to those who are gadget lovers especially for the Apple fans. Don't Miss: Hottest CES 2017 Announcements The book shows how the Apple products have evolved over the years. This is certainly a treat for tech gadget lovers. The book also happens to pique interest in those who happen to love beautifully manufactured books. The book has essentially been created as a tribute to the company’s former CEO and co-founder Steve Jobs. The book will be available in two sizes and will show page by page the evolution of the company’s iconic gadgets over the past twenty years. If you are a Steve Job fan as well as book lover this Andrew Zuckerman book is certainly your cup of tea. The book costs $199/299. Those of you who can’t afford it do not have to feel low. You can still get a hike of the magic via the new video. To be honest the video will not cover up for the real book but still it does manage to do a good job. The video might actually convince you to buy the original book. The video does not just simply show you the pages of the book right in the beginning. Instead the video focuses on investigating the quality of the book’s production. In the video you will see an analysis of how thick and robust the pages are, how the edge-to-edge technique makes the pages look amazing and so on. The video also makes note of the high-quality linen cover which gives you an embossed Apple logo experience. When the video does reach the book itself it introduces to the pages dedicated to Steve Jobs and Jony Ive. You then see the iMac greeting you upfront. The initial pages give you a flavor of the 90s and the book progresses as you go on. You will also see some forgotten Apple products such as the iBook and Cinema Display. You should check out the video for yourself to see what the 300 pages behold and if the book is really worth a purchase. Comments You May Like The Author Ahmed Humayun Ahmed Humayun is a technology journalist bringing you the hottest tech stories of the day.     Advertisement Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Share this Story Follow Us Read the Latest from I4U News What to Expect from Apple in 2017? 8 hours ago, 12:06pm CST iOS 10.3 Beta Release date is set for 10th January-Will Feature a theatre Mode too 2 days ago, 12:09pm CST Apple is Keen On Bringing Digital Crown to the iPhone and iPad 2 days ago, 11:54am CST The iPhone 7 Is Not Selling Well 2 days ago, 11:43am CST US Family Blames FaceTime for Fatal Car Crash and Sues Apple 2 days ago, 9:26am CST Donald Trump Will Keep His Twitter Account 5 hours ago, 3:01pm CST Why Are YouTubers Losing So Many Viewers? 7 hours ago, 1:46pm CST Titanic Sank Due to Massive Fire, Not Iceberg, Documentary Claims 7 hours ago, 1:30pm CST Pokemon Go New Year Event Details 7 hours ago, 1:24pm CST Dell XPS 13 Convertible Leaked Before CES 2017 8 hours ago, 12:54pm CST LG Nano Cell Ultra HD TV Unveiled at CES 2017 8 hours ago, 12:50pm CST CES 2017: Samsung Unveils Four-in-One Laundry System 8 hours ago, 12:44pm CST HTC Vive 2 Not Launching at CES 2017 8 hours ago, 12:36pm CST Bitcoins Hit 3-Year High 10 hours ago, 10:27am CST Hatchimal Nightmare: Swearing at Children 11 hours ago, 9:54am CST Featured News Nintendo Switch is Available for Pre-order NASA is Building an Ice House on Mars   Super Bowl 2017 Ads and Advertisers CES 2017: Roll out the Red Carpet for Stars Apple What to Expect from Apple in 2017? 8 hours ago, 12:06pm CST iOS 10.3 Beta Release date is set for 10th January-Will Feature a theatre Mode too 2 days ago, 12:09pm CST Apple is Keen On Bringing Digital Crown to the iPhone and iPad 2 days ago, 11:54am CST The iPhone 7 Is Not Selling Well 2 days ago, 11:43am CST More Apple Stories Latest News Donald Trump Will Keep His Twitter Account 5 hours ago, 3:01pm CST Why Are YouTubers Losing So Many Viewers? 7 hours ago, 1:46pm CST Titanic Sank Due to Massive Fire, Not Iceberg, Documentary Claims 7 hours ago, 1:30pm CST Pokemon Go New Year Event Details 7 hours ago, 1:24pm CST More Latest News Your Deals on Amazon The Latest ... Cyber Monday 2016 Holiday Gifts 2016 CES 2017 Super Bowl 2017 Ads Technology News Apple News Science News Celebrity News Movie News Advertising News Car News Business News Political News Sport News TV Show News Also on the Geek Mind Black Friday 2017 Hot Tech Deals About I4U News I4U News is daily News site for the Geek Mind. Expect the latest technology news including the juiciest rumors. Stay up to date with the biggest discoveries in science. Other featured news topics include cars, celebrities, movies and more. Read more. CES 2017 The CES 2017 Consumer electronics show takes place again in Las Vegas. Find out what will new products will be dominating 2017. Virtual Reality, 8K TVs, electric cars will be making CES 2017 headlines in our CES 2017 Coverage. About Us | Privacy Policy | Submit News Tips © Copyright by I4U LLC 2017
null
Connect with us facebook twitter CNET Reviews Top Categories Best Products CNET 100 Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums Popular Forums Computer Help Computer Newbies Laptops Phones TVs & Home Theaters Networking & Wireless Windows 7 Windows 10 Cameras All Forums News Top Categories Apple Computers Crave Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Top Categories Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Top Categories Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Top Categories CNET Smart Home CNET Smart Apartment Smart Home News Smart Home How To Best Smart Home Devices Cars Top Categories Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Top Categories Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Sign In / Join Sign In to CNET Join CNET Member Benefits My Profile Forums Sign Out US Other editions United Kingdom Australia China France Germany Japan Korea CNET en Español Apple iPhone 7 review: Everything you need in a phone, except the headphone jack By: Scott Stein Reviewed: November 22, 2016 Close Drag   1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 Previous Next $649.00 MSRP: $649.00 Apple iPhone 7 (32GB, Black) (Part #: 190198071934) Released: Sep 16, 2016 13 Related Models Apple iPhone 7 (32GB, Rose Gold) 6475a $649.00 Apple iPhone 7 (128GB, Rose Gold) mnam2lla $749.00 Apple iPhone 7 (32GB, Silver) 190198071941 $649.00 Apple iPhone 7 (128GB, Gold) mnc52lla $699.95 Apple iPhone 7 (128GB, Jet Black) iphone7128gbjtblk $695.00 Apple iPhone 7 (256GB, Gold) 190198072047 $849.00 Apple iPhone 7 (256GB, Black) mna62lla $849.00 Apple iPhone 7 (32GB, Gold) mnc12lla $649.00 Apple iPhone 7 (256GB, Rose Gold) 6486a $809.87 Apple iPhone 7 (256GB, Jet Black) mnax2lla $849.00 Apple iPhone 7 (256GB, Silver) mn9p2lla $849.00 Apple iPhone 7 (128GB, Black) 190198071972 $649.00 Apple iPhone 7 (128GB, Silver) 6479a $699.95 Apple $649.00 See it Amazon.com $708.99 See it Amazon Marketplace $708.99 See it T-Mobile USA $649.99 See it AT&T Wireless $649.99 See it See all prices Compare These Google Pixel Phone Apple iPhone 7 Plus Samsung Galaxy S7 OnePlus 3T 4.5 stars CNET Editors' Rating 3.5 stars 11 user reviews The Good Improved front and rear cameras -- now with optical image stabilization -- deliver much improved photos, especially in low light. Water resistant. A faster processor, plus slightly better battery life. More onboard storage than last year's models for the same price. The Bad No headphone jack (but there's a dongle and compatible wired headphones in the box). Click-free home button takes getting used to. Only the larger 7 Plus has the cool dual camera. Shiny jet-black version scratches easily. The Bottom Line The iPhone 7's notable camera, battery and water resistance improvements are worthwhile upgrades to a familiar phone design. But ask yourself if you really need an upgrade... and if the Plus might be a better choice. 8.7 Overall Design 9.0 Features 8.0 Performance 9.0 Camera 9.0 Battery 7.0 Review Sections Review Prices Specifications User Reviews facebook twitter more more + comments 0 pinterest googleplus email tumblr stumble reddit linkedin digg CNET Mobile Phones Apple iPhone 7 Curved wraparound screen? Nope. Wireless charging? Not yet. Are you bothered that the new iPhone looks the same as last year's iPhone? If you are, I understand the feeling. The iPhone 7 doesn't feel like the "whole new thing." Does that bother you? Maybe. But is it better? Yeah, it is. Except for one small 3.5-millimeter thing. The iPhone 7 was released in September, so you've certainly heard by now that it has no headphone jack and it looks almost identical to the 2014 iPhone 6 and 2015 iPhone 6S. It's faster, it's better. There are plenty of good or even great Android phones to choose from now, from the Samsung Galaxy S7 (wait for Galaxy S8, though, early next year) to the Google Pixel, to the OnePlus 3T. The iPhone 7 beats these on speed, but not on battery life. Its size, performance and camera are unique features -- along with being a way to use iOS, of course -- but the iPhone's unique qualities are, this time, improved in many subtle ways. But there are still compelling reasons to consider an iPhone 7, even if you own one of those recent iPhone models...provided you have an affordable way to upgrade. The iPhone 7 is now fully water-resistant (it can take a shallow dunking). The camera takes notably better photos, especially in low light, and adds the optical image stabilization feature previously restricted to the 5.5-inch Plus model. The battery lasts a little bit longer -- sometimes it's notable, other times it feels just slightly better than the iPhone 6S. The processor is definitely faster, although keep in mind that last year's iPhone 6S has more than enough speed for most people's needs. It's also got a "wide color gamut" screen with enhanced color accuracy, and enhanced stereo speakers, though I didn't find those improvements as critical as the ones above. And the home button isn't "clickable" anymore -- it uses the same pressure sensitivity and vibration feedback found on the 3D Touch screen. It works perfectly well, but takes some getting used to because there's no mechanical click when you press the home button. iPhone 7 up close: Better camera, water-resistant... See full gallery 1 - 5 of 54 Next Prev As with last year's iPhone choices, you can also opt for the step-up iPhone 7 Plus, which offers a larger screen (5.5 inches vs. 4.7 inches). But that model's big attraction is the dual rear cameras, which enable 2x optical zoom and a cool in-camera "bokeh" effect portrait mode, which blurs the background while keeping the foreground in focus. (That's the model I'd pick this year, but the 7 Plus is still a handful to hold, and it's expensive.) Now, should you wait until September 2017? All the rumors point to Apple delivering a major design overhaul for the iPhone's tenth anniversary -- anything from a Galaxy Edge-style wraparound OLED screen to a fingerprint sensor hidden under the screen to wireless charging. It's tempting. But in the meantime, especially if you want to take advantage of the various retro-contract "free with two-year commitment" offers, know that the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus are worthy, useful upgrades to their predecessors -- even if they look almost identical from the outside. All things iOS 10 iOS 10: All the new features, tips and guides 23 hidden features in iOS 10 15 ways iOS 10 will make the iPhone better Let's not diminish the missing headphone jack. The loss will hurt, especially while other iPhones exist that still have a headphone jack onboard. If you want to plug regular headphones into your new iPhone, a process that seemed simple and uncomplicated before, you now need to consider whether you brought the included dongle, or have a pair of Bluetooth headphones. Or your special Lightning headphones that come in the box. But it's surmountable. Looking back on the iPhone 7 months after its release, it's a great phone with a lot of worthwhile improved features, and its water resistance is a solid overdue feature. But, while I've moved on to Bluetooth headphones most days, I still miss that headphone jack. Editors' note: This review was originally published on September 13. It has been updated with benchmarks and battery-testing results. Enlarge Image Apple's fall 2016 lineup. CNET Headphone jackless Mark me down as someone who misses the headphone jack. Despite living in a mostly wearable, wireless world, I don't tend to like Bluetooth headphones. And I also hate dongles. I'm learning to deal with both now. Apple's new AirPods make a case for how more-advanced Bluetooth mini-earphones could be fun to carry around, and I've gotten used to reaching for them over wired headphones. But to me, nothing beats a cheap pair of plug-and-play earphones for lazy convenience. Other phones that offer what the iPhone 7 offers don't seem to need to get rid of a headphone jacks. But maybe the trend will grow. The adoption of USB-C, a versatile jack, has already lead to headphone jacks going away in some Android phones, too. Maybe we should just get ready for the change. Enlarge Image No headphone jack means you'll have to make do with a dongle. CNET True, the iPhone 7 gives you a number of options: Get a pair of Bluetooth headphones. Apple's AirPods, maybe? I'll get to those in a minute. You could use the included wired Apple EarPods, which now have a strange Lightning plug instead of a 3.5mm one. Or the Lightning-to-regular-headphone adapter dongle, which Apple's thoughtfully included in the box. (You can buy extras for $9 a pop.) But you have to remember to take it everywhere with you, and who wants to remember to carry a dongle? (If you leave it attached to your headphones, you better not bring another pair of headphones.) That little headphone jack is the one thing that I could see bothering people about this phone. Like those USB-C ports on Apple's newest MacBook and MacBook Pros, it's a compromise that feels forced. If you're already a wireless headphone power user, you won't miss a thing. But someday -- who knows when? -- you'll find yourself somewhere wanting to use a pair of wired headphones. And you'll find that you can't plug them in because you left your dongle behind. Don't cry to me when that happens. Best iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus cases See full gallery 1 - 5 of 40 Next Prev Design: Black is the new black In a world of curved eye-popping displays, the iPhone now looks a little old-fashioned. It's slim and attractive and still very well-designed, but the iPhone 7 looks just like the iPhone 6 and 6S. It's like the MacBook Air, or the iPad: A familiar, old form. Maybe more durable, but it's mostly the same. Apple smoothed out the seams that used to hide the phone's antennae, so the aluminum around the back looks smoother. The camera bump is larger, by just a bit. Enlarge Image As Spinal Tap would say, the new jet-black variant (left) is "none more black." CNET Apple added new colors this year, too. Now the phone comes in two versions of black in addition to the existing silver, gold and rose gold colors. Regular black is matte, while jet black is a high gloss. Jet black, it turns out, is a fingerprint and scratch magnet. Mine is already peppered with microabrasions after just a few days. My suggestion: Don't buy jet black if you care about scratches. But if you're looking at the iPhone 7 from the front, it's almost impossible to distinguish from the iPhone 6 or 6S. That's how similar the design is. A home button that doesn't click Using the new home button, even after a week, feels weird. It's been a hard adjustment. I've clicked so many home buttons. The iPhone 7's "button" is really a solid state circle that doesn't move at all. It's like the new MacBook trackpads, in a sense. Push down, and you get a haptic "click" that's not quite as satisfying. Enlarge Image Say farewell to the satisfying click of the home button. CNET You won't wear down the button, though, because it doesn't move. And really, it feels a bit like 3D Touch -- Apple's new pressure-sensitive touchscreen tech introduced on the 6S and returning on the 7 -- moved into the home button. So if that home button is now just a flat surface, it also feels like a carrot on a stick to use 3D Touch more. I still don't use it much, but iOS 10 uses it a lot more...and to some effective ends. There are so many ways to pull up apps from the home screen, or check info, that the home button really isn't needed much. Now that the screen auto-wakes on lifting, that's doubly true. I bet that home button will just disappear next year, with the fingerprint reader absorbed into the display. Why not? Yeah, it's really water resistant (but don't go swimming with it) Apple's IP67 water-resistance rating on the new iPhone finally catches up to phones that have been dunkable for a while. Samsung's Galaxy S7 can survive a drop in the sink. Even the supercheap Moto G4 can do it. How water resistant is the iPhone 7? Apple calls it "splash and water resistant," and by the way, IP67 means one meter of water for 30 minutes and complete dust resistance. But Apple also warns that any dip in salt water should be followed by an immediate rinse in fresh water. And also, you have to dry your phone for at least a couple of hours before charging (I'd err on the safe side with this). Enlarge Image Apple finally takes the plunge and waterproofs its iPhones. CNET I took the iPhone 7 in the shower. I dropped it in a fish tank a few times. I put it in a sink and turned on the tap and filled the sink with the iPhone in it. In more aggressive tests, we took the iPhone 7 a bit past its advertised aquatic limits: submerged at a depth of 1 meter in a pool of chlorinated water for a bit more than 30 minutes. In that case, the speaker quality got a bit mushy, but the phone was otherwise in working order. Bottom line: the iPhone 7 should easily survive trips in rain and snow, as well as getting dropped in tubs, pools, sinks and other wet environs. But don't tempt fate by leaving it in water for any longer than you have to. Other small perks: Stereo speakers, a slightly improved display, buzzier haptics I couldn't appreciate Apple's wider color-gamut display on the iPhone 7, which is supposed to the best next to the iPad Pro 9.7 and 5K iMac, as well as 25 percent brighter. It's good, don't get me wrong. But to my eyes, next to a 6S or 6S Plus, it felt the same. And in direct sunlight (I used it in seriously bright New York September sun), it was sometimes hard to see. Like all iPhones, but not really better. The speakers sound louder. They surround the left and right sides of the iPhone now, instead of a single speaker down by the home button. It's better for casual game playing or movie watching, but I'd take headphones every time. Or, if I was sharing with someone, I'd pick a larger screen. They don't always sound as defined and crisp as I'd like. Continue to next page 01 02 Best phones of 2016 See All Google Pixel Phone Starting at: $729.00 4.5 stars With the help of an Assistant, Google's first in-house designed Pixel phone makes a kickass... Apple iPhone 7 Plus Starting at: $769.00 4.5 stars Apple's larger iPhone has a few distinct advantages, and its dual cameras can pull off... Samsung Galaxy S7 Starting at: $459.99 4.5 stars We reviewed the new Samsung Galaxy S7 in London, Berlin, San Francisco and Sydney. It's... OnePlus 3T Starting at: $439.00 4.5 stars Our favorite mid-price phone gets revamped with a faster processor and a bigger battery. Scott Stein twitter facebook googleplus Scott Stein is a senior editor covering iOS and laptop reviews, mobile computing, video games, and tech culture. He has previously written for both mainstream and technology enthusiast publications including Wired, Esquire.com, Men's Journal, and Maxim, and regularly appears on TV and radio talking tech trends. See full bio This week on CNET News The robots are coming to CES, and we can't wait to meet them These are the 7 big trends everyone will be talking about at CES 2017 Millennials aren't going gaga for baby tech -- yet   Discuss: Apple iPhone 7 (32GB, Black) Conversation powered by Livefyre © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement cnet Reviews All Reviews Audio Cameras Laptops Phones Roadshow Smart Home Tablets TVs News All News Apple Crave Internet Microsoft Mobile Sci-Tech Security Tech Industry Video All Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Next Big Thing On Cars Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts More About CBS Interactive About CNET CNET 100 CNET Deals CNET Forums CNET Magazine CNET Mobile Help Center Permissions Follow CNET via... Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest Newsletters RSS
Jump to Navigation AU EDITION | Tuesday, January 03, 2017 As of 2:08 PM AEST Subscribe AU Edition Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition U.K. Edition U.S. Edition FOLLOW | Make IBT your homepage Search Home Business News Sports Life Entertainment Video Technology Apple iPhone 7 battery review: Apple flagship can't keep up with its rivals By Alvin Alcalde @ULB1N on November 23 2016 8:00 AM 0 0 0 0 An iPhone 7 is displayed in a store in London, Britain October 4, 2016. Reuters/Stefan Wermuth The iPhone 7 is one of the best mobile phones in the world. The Apple smartphone launched in September and received praises for being an improvement over its predecessor. But there is one thing about the iPhone 7 that is plagued by scrutiny: its battery. Apple’s latest smartphone equips a non-removable Li-Ion 1960 mAh battery. Although it’s an upgrade compared to that of the iPhone 6s, it’s actually one of the least powerful phone batteries in the industry, especially considering the iPhone 7’s status and its competitors. It’s supposed to provide 14 hours of talk time or 40 hours of music playback. The iPhone 7 lasted about seven and a half hours on Phone Arena’s custom test before it was completely drained. The battery level reached 100 percent after 2 hours and 20 minutes of charging. In comparison, Google Pixel took 20 minutes faster to be fully charged. The iPhone 7 lacks wireless charging support, a feature which fans expected from Apple. Combined with the A10 Fusion chip, the iPhone 7 battery provides longer performance compared to the iPhone 6s, according to GSMArena. Also, the Low-Power mode, which can be enabled manually, can apparently save the battery from draining quickly once the level drops below 20 percent. READ: Apple iPhone 6s battery issues: How Australians can have their units replaced TechRadar pitted the iPhone 7, Samsung Galaxy S7, HTC 10, LG G5, Google Pixel and Sony Xperia XZ against each other in a battery challenge. All flagship phones went through the same performance tests that included web browsing, gaming, YouTube playback and native video playback. Among the six handsets, the iPhone 7 had the lowest battery specs powering the smallest screen. After an hour and a half of web browsing, the iPhone 7 had the least amount of battery life left at 57 percent. Following another hour and a half of YouTube viewing, all that was left was 20 percent. The iPhone 7 didn’t even finish the third test, which was gaming. It only lasted 44 minutes of gameplay before the battery died. The iPhone 7 was completely drained after only 3 hours and 44 minutes of performance. The Samsung Galaxy S7, meanwhile, lasted 5 hours and 21 minutes doing all four tests. Apple has big plans for the upcoming iPhone 8. The tech giant needs to step up its battery game on its next release in order to compete with its rivals performance-wise. Submit Correction 0 0 0 Related Apple iPhone 6s battery replacement program guide in Australia Apple iPhone 7 vs iPhone 6s: Camera comparison Join the Discussion 0 0 0 Search Most Shared Most Read 1 2017 world predictions: Australia to expand global operations role 0 Shares 2 ‘The Bold and the Beautiful’ Spoilers for Dec 26 – 30, 2016: Liam and Wyatt argue over who’s better for Steffy’s career; Ivy walks in on Ridge and Quinn; show announces casting call 0 Shares 3 ‘The Bold And The Beautiful’ spoilers for Dec. 29: Steffy leaves Liam's home; Ivy witnesses hot and steamy encounter between Ridge and Quinn 0 Shares 4 Chinese New Year 2017: Ways to avoid bad luck 0 Shares 5 'Days Of Our Lives' spoilers for Dec. 27: Two Salemites conspire to expose the truth; an embattled woman makes a bold move 0 Shares 6 Nostradamus 2017 predictions: How the world will fare next year 0 Shares 7 ‘Outlander’ season 3 finale episode being written 0 Shares 8 Vikings’ season 4 episode 16: ‘I’m not returning,’ says Travis Fimmel 0 Shares 9 ‘Vikings’ season 4 episode 16 spoilers 0 Shares 10 ‘Winds of Winter’: Fan’s take on delay 0 Shares Follow Us Please enter a valid email Like us Follow us Full site feed Nokia and Apple trade lawsuits Germany's new law requires Facebook to pay $715,000 fine Apple tax evasion update: Apple, Ireland to appeal EU tax ruling Nurofen fined $6 million: Reckitt Benckiser considering position with legal advisers Woolworths to sell petrol sites to BP for $1.8M Woolworths' Supplier Connect to roll out in 2017 More Business Economy Markets Companies Real Estate Banking & Finance EgyptAir Flight 804: Traces of explosives suggest bomb caused Egypt air crash NSW Rural Fire service warns extreme bushfire in NSW and ACT Train services resumed after man killed by Melbourne city loop train Man punches kangaroo in defends dog Anticyclonic gloom in Victoria Australian Christian Lobby in Canberra hit by reported car bomb More News Australia Asia Pacific Africa The Americas Europe Middle East Golden State Warriors vs Dallas Mavericks live stream: Watch NBA live on TV, preview, start time Los Angeles Lakers vs Dallas Mavericks live stream: Watch NBA live on TV, preview, start time Ronda Rousey looks better than ever before UFC 207 [PHOTOS] Portland Trail Blazers looking to make a major trade before deadline Golden State Warriors vs Denver Nuggets live stream: Watch NBA live on TV, preview, start time UFC 207 Ronda Rousey vs Amanda Nunes live stream: How to order PPV, watch online More Sports AFL NRL Rugby Union Cricket Soccer Tennis Motor Sports Basketball NFL Fight Sports More Foxconn undertaking mass automation drive, replacing humans with robots Tesla accelerates Model 3 production HTC debunks Vive 2 wireless and 4K VR headset launch at CES 2017 Microsoft Surface Pro 5 could be released in first quarter of 2017 Nintendo Switch release date update Samsung Galaxy S8 changes discussed More Life Environment & Science Health & Wellbeing Gaming Technology Travel & Food Fashion & Beauty Art & Design Celebrity Couples who didn't have a good year in 2016 'General Hospital' spoilers for Jan. 3, 2016: Alexis confronts Julian; Sonny and Carly reunite; Liz reveals her worries ‘Sherlock’ season 4 episode 1 recap/spoilers: ‘The Six Thatchers’ ends in heartbreak with character death, hope with a third Holmes brother ‘Brooklyn Nine-Nine’ season 4, episodes 11 and 12 spoilers, recap: ‘The Fugitive’ Pt. 1 and 2 'American Gods' season 1 spoilers: New character not in book appears in series [Watch Trailer] 'The Vampire Diaries' stars Ian Somerhalder, Nikki Reed developing new sci-fi TV series for The CW More Entertainment Movies TV Celebrities Music McLaren 570GT Review: Grand, But No Touring Car IBTimes Newsletters Sign up to get the latest headlines delivered to your inbox every morning. We value your privacy. Your email address will not be shared. Sections Home Business News Sports Life Entertainment Video IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Careers Contact Terms of Service Privacy Policy IBT Media Syndication Editions Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Jony Ive may no longer be ‘directly involved’ with designing the iPhone Yoni Heisler BGR NewsNovember 22, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Ever since the release of the original Bondi Blue iMac, Apple is a company that has been synonymous with forward-thinking industrial design. In fact, during a period stretching from 1998 to 2012, Apple’s vaunted design team, led dutifully by Jony Ive, managed to churn out a seemingly endless number of iconic products, including a wide range of iPods, industry leading notebooks, increasingly slick iMac models, and of course new iPhone models on a consistent basis. DON’T MISS: HTC just unveiled one of the best Android phones of 2016, but you can’t have one All that said, it’s hard to ignore that it’s been a while since we’ve seen some thought-provoking new designs emanate out of Apple. Especially if we take a look at the iPhone, Apple’s primary revenue generator, the company has more or less kept the form factor unchanged since the iPhone 6, a device that was released all the way back in 2014. Meanwhile, Android handset makers have managed to churn out quite a few devices that, truth be told, look a lot more slick than Apple’s arguably stale iPhone design. Now comes word via Jason Snell, who recently appeared on John Gruber’s “The Talk Show” podcast, that Ive many not be as heavily involved in day to day design duties as he once was. “I’ve heard that he has lately been checked out or not as directly involved with product design and that he’s been largely focused on architecture,” Snell said. “Meaning the spaceship campus and the new stores. And that maybe the other top-level executive who’s been working the most with Ive is Angela Arhendts.” Ive of course is still in the mix at Apple but perhaps he’s now more interested in other design-related pursuits. Interestingly enough, Snell adds that Ive’s ability to effectively operate unchecked has led to some curious Apple design decisions, such as the hyper-expensive gold Apple Watch (since discontinued) and the company’s ill-fated car design initiative. That said, it’s interesting to note that Apple just released a 400 page book highlighting Apple product designs stretching all the way back to 1998. The book, in effect, is practically an ode to Jony Ive who didn’t really rise to prominence until the original iMac was released in, surprise surprise, 1998. That said, Snell believes that the release of the book — which in and of itself was an unusual product to come out of Apple — perhaps signals Ive’s lessening interest in coming up with bold new designs, at least in the consumer electronics space. To this point, Gruber speculates that Ive’s leadership within the design team at Apple may only be “spiritual” at this point. Incidentally, Jony Ive and fellow designer Marc Newson recently created an “immersive Christmass tree installation” in London. Looking ahead, all eyes will be on Apple’s upcoming iPhone 8 design. Rumored to feature a curved OLED display, there’s no doubt that there’s a whole lot of pressure on Apple to release a fresh design to once again reinvigorate interest in the company’s iconic smartphone. Trending right now: T-Mobile has some of the best Black Friday deals we’ve seen How to get a NES Classic without spending $300 10 of the best Black Friday TV deals you can buy right now See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next 9 tech-friendly gifts for people obsessed with travel Yahoo Tech CNN uses screenshot from ‘Fallout 4’ to show how Russians hack things BGR News Facebook launches live 360-degree video feature Yahoo Tech The battle between SSD and HDD is over, and the winner is clear Digital Trends Celebrity sues Tesla, claims Model X drove itself through a wall and into his house BGR News A theory that challenges Newton’s and Einstein’s gravity and nixes dark matter passed its first test Quartz Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo Finance
Variety Editions: U.S Latino Global Asia Subscribe Today! Navigation Menu Film TV Digital Contenders Video Dirt Scene More Biz Music Legit Jobs Conferences Insight Archives Directory Choose Edition: U.S Latino Global Asia Russia | My Account Sign In Subscribe Home Digital News Great Big Story Writes Next Chapter on Weather Channel, CNN Brian Steinberg Senior TV Editor @bristei 0 Share This Article Email LinkedIn Pin It Tumblr Print Courtesy of Great Big Story November 22, 2016 | 12:23PM PT Great Big Story, the social-video unit that was supposed to do for CNN what Vice has done for, well, itself, wants to extend its narrative. When the company launched not-so-quietly in the fall of 2015, it was positioned as a means of getting CNN into a realm increasingly favored by a rising generation of millennial news aficionados: streaming-video vignettes passed from one person to another via mobile devices and social media. Did you see this video about the lady in Greece who paints new marquees by hand whenever the theater runs a new film? Check out this red-sided electus parrot! But Great Big Story executives think they now see a broader business. “You will see us getting into television. You will see us getting into streaming services. And you will see international reach and growth that I think is going to be significant,” said Chris Berend, the company’s co-founder who is also CNN’s senior vice president of digital video. Great Big Story’s changing tale is emblematic of the direction of the modern media business: There’s certainly interesting paths ahead, but most of them need to be cleared for smooth travel.  Vice, the upstart news outlet that aims for younger consumers, recently launched a cable-TV outlet it jointly owns with A+E TV Networks. NBCUniversal has invested heavily in both Vox Media and BuzzFeed, and has in recent weeks unveiled initiatives to sell ad inventory in both BuzzFeed and Apple’s Apple News.  CBS Corp. is pursuing a stand-alone video-on-demand service called “All Access” that makes its current and past offerings available to people on the go. The hope is that Great Big Story will grow as more consumers consider the mobile screen their home one, and as the quality of streaming-video programming rises. Berend predicted the company would reach break-even status sometime in 2017. I think we are long past the days in which everything was just web video with a lower case ‘w’,” said Berend. He wants to keep the company’s options open by functioning as a potential supplier of content for an array of media outlets, he said, rather than building a bigger presence with a stand-alone TV network. “I think it still remains to be seen whether you can grab millennial eyeballs and get them to watch television in the way some are hoping. I think the jury’s still out. That’s a difficult thing to do.” That doesn’t mean the company isn’t interested in TV. The next chapter for Great Big Story is television, Berend said. “That’s Amazing,” an eight-episode series that looks at interesting stories about the elements, is set to launch next month on Weather Channel. “They reached out to us,” he said. “We quickly got to the root of what we felt like was a really good concept.” Weather Channel executives were impressed by the short films they saw online, and thought GBS could produce something of interest to aficionados of natural phenomena, said Nora Zimmett, the network’s senior vice president of programing. “The quality of the storytelling and the beauty of the video is enough to keep the audience.” Berend, who in an earlier part of his career held editorial positions at Esquire magazine, believes Great Big Story has developed a reputation for solid short-storytelling about interesting figures and phenomena, with miniature-length video takes that are clearly inspired by the cinematography used in films directed by Wes Anderson. The unit’s short films, which run the gamut from an examination of best friends in China who want to plant 50,000 trees in deforested parts of that country to a brief profile of female “slackliner” Faith Dickey to a truncated history of air fresheners “are just not predictable – in a good way,” he said. “Tell me something I never knew. Show me something I’ve never seen. A story doesn’t get through unless it meets that criteria.” Great Big Story will also begin to show up periodically on the flagship network of its corporate parent. CNN will show 12 short films by Great Big Story. The run of documentaries, called “Really Great Big Stories,” started with the recent airing of “The Last Steps,” a 20-minute documentary by director Todd Douglas Miller that taps archival footage to explore the 1972 Apollo 17 moon landing – the last time humans took an actual step on a world other than Earth. “Hard Ship,” set to air December 1, examines a challenging boat race to Alaska. And then there is discussion of what Berend calls a “Great Big Story” variety program that is being prepared for one of the networks within Time Warner’s Turner family – but not necessarily CNN. “It’s very much an off speed pitch for a lot of different places,” said the executive. “We are doing a dozen stories every week. We have more than 600 stories already in our library and virtually none of them expire. This opens up a possibility to create a unique type of program that can last a long time,” he said. He would not comment on which Turner network – Adult Swim? TBS? HLN? – is being considered for the program. In the year ahead, executives want to attempt to make sure the company’s videos are seen beyond the usual places. “We are expanding just your Facebook page or browsing on YouTube,” said Berend, by pushing distribution in venues like Roku or Apple TV. There is also talk of opening offices in foreign countries. “This is not an experiment or a vanity project,” said Berend. Great Big Story’s next chapter may not necessarily be found in the videos housed on its own site. Filed Under: Chris Berend Cnn Great Big Story Want to read more articles like this one? SUBSCRIBE TO VARIETY TODAY. Post A Comment 0 2016-2017 Oscar Predictions Give The Gift: Charge with Style Most Popular 1 TV 6:17PM PT ‘The New Celebrity Apprentice’: Arnold Schwarzenegger Finally Reveals Catchphrase (SPOILER) 2 Music 2:25PM PT Rebecca Ferguson Says She’ll Perform at Donald Trump’s Inauguration on One Condition 3 TV 11:55AM PT Fox News’ Sean Hannity Lands Interview With WikiLeaks Founder Julian Assange 4 TV 11:09AM PT Billie Lourd Breaks Silence on Deaths of Mom Carrie Fisher & Grandmother Debbie Reynolds 5 Film 10:28AM PT ‘La La Land’ Named Best Movie of the Year at Capri Hollywood Festival Oscars: ‘Rogue One,’ ‘Hacksaw Ridge,’ ‘13 Hours’ Mix It Up in Sound Categories Playback: Kevin Costner on ‘Hidden Figures,’ ‘Dances’ Memories and More ‘La La Land,’ ‘BFG,’ ‘Hidden Figures’ and More Tune Up Original Score Oscar Race The Top 10 Shots of 2016 Variety Jobs Creative Development Coordinator Triptyk Studios, New York, New York Account/Project Coordinator (Ad Agency) Petrol Advertising, Burbank, California Media Specialist Bridgewater Associates, Westport, Connecticut Executive Director, Aspen Film Company Confidential, Aspen, Colorado Associate Director, YouTuber & Gamer Partnerships Save the Children, Fairfield, Connecticut See More Jobs Marketplace Leave a Reply No Comments Cancel reply Comments are moderated. They may be edited for clarity and reprinting in whole or in part in Variety publications. Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. More Digital News from Variety The Power of Content Golden Globes, Golden Wrists: 4 Ways to Get the Latest Red… Will 'Twin Peaks' Get Sundance Sneak Before Showtime Debut? Michelle Obama's Edgy Winter Wardrobe Essential Is Jimmy Choo's… New Celebrity Apprentice Premiere: Who Were Arnold's First… You're running out of time to get unlimited free access to… Subscribe to Variety Today! All The Ways to Get Variety Online Subscription Print Subscription Mobile Apps Newsletters News Alerts Archives Slanguage Dictionary Help Other Variety Products Media: Variety 411 Research & Data: Variety Insight Archives Premium Email Alerts Real Estate Jobs Access the best entertainment industry data available View the Variety archives dating back to 1905 Get News Delivered To Your Inbox Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights Terms of Use About Us Advertise Contact Us Google+ The Power of Content Deadline india.com Hollywoodlife @hollywood TV Line BGR WWD Footwearnews © Copyright 2017 Variety Media, LLC, a subsidiary of Penske Business Media, LLC. Variety and the Flying V logos are trademarks of Variety Media, LLC. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Variety411: Your production services resource
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read News Board Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Only two weeks to go: Downbeat-looking Sasha and Malia return from Hawaii with their parents after last vacation on Air Force One Teen and her three young siblings are killed and a further six are hospitalized by poisonous gas from mouse pesticide sprayed under their home So what DID happen the night George Michael died? Tweets about suicide. Rumors of drug abuse. And the boyfriend who now says he spent the night of the singer's death sleeping in his car...  United Airlines employee is found trapped in plane's baggage hold after a flight from North Carolina to Virginia  Round-the-clock federal manhunt underway for escaped inmate and former Army reservist who 'stole 16 guns' while on bail for child rape The terrifying power of mega tsunamis: How an unlikely wave could wipe out the ENTIRE east coast of the US 'I've felt disgust, but never this kind of fear': Bruce Springsteen unleashes on Trump for promoting 'bigotry, racism and intolerance' and says his policies are nothing but 'lies' Rebecca Ferguson 'accepts' invitation to sing at Trump's inauguration... if she can perform track protesting racism 'You're out of here': Donald Trump kicks out author who published Ivana's 'rape accusations' in a 1993 biography from his Florida golf course Less than half of Americans - including just 1 in 7 Democrats - think President Trump can stay scandal-free  The Donald blasts Rahm Emanuel for Chicago's bloodiest year in almost two DECADES: Trump says the mayor must ask for federal help if he can't fix the city after a record 762 homicides in 2016 Will President Obama use the five-minute break between congressional sessions tomorrow to appoint Merrick Garland to the Supreme Court? Uproar at historically black college after marching band agrees to perform at Donald Trump's inaugural parade 'It's organized chaos!': White House staff reveal preparations for inauguration moving day - when they'll have just SIX HOURS to move out the Obamas and move in the Trumps Donald Trump tweets that he always thought he would 'win big' - and chides CNN for using an unflattering photo of him on new book cover  Trump's press secretary suggests Russian sanctions were politically motivated - because the White House did nothing when the Chinese hacked millions last year Just days left for Obama as he 'offloads' staff, tweaks farewell speech, prepares last-minute pardons and huddles with congressional Democrats to save Obamacare How Trump responded to Turkey terror attack by promising to build his border wall, as carnage unfolded in Istanbul Top adviser claims President Obama 'hasn't had a scandal' - to ridicule from critics who point to 'rap sheet as long as my arm' There's still 'zero evidence' Russia influenced presidential election with alleged hacking spree, says Trump's spokesman  Tearful Colorado mother pleads for help finding her six-year-old son after he 'wandered away' from their home on New Year's Eve and vanished  Elon Musk's SpaceX blames a fault in helium canister for massive Falcon 9 rocket explosion that destroyed Facebook's $200m internet satellite Are YOU smart enough to ace this school exam? Simple test designed for 10-year-old's leaves the internet baffled with its trick questions New York governor defends decision to commute sentence of terrorist getaway driver in $1.6m Brink's heist that left two cops and a guard dead, saying she's 'community minded' Previous Next 'It'll make very expensive kindling': iPhone design guru Johnny Ive is slammed by critics after decorating exclusive hotel's lobby... with a Christmas tree with NO LIGHTS  Sir Jony Ive, one of Apple's design gurus, has unveiled the Claridge's Christmas display in the famous hotel's lobby Taken back to basics, trees have no lights, no tinsel, and no decorations  He said he was inspired by nature and used it as his starting point  By Rebecca Taylor For Mailonline Published: 15:49 EST, 22 November 2016 | Updated: 17:59 EST, 22 November 2016 e-mail 25 shares 85 View comments He once claimed he would want to design Christmas decorations, if he wasn't creating the latest iPhones. But Apple's design guru Jony Ive does not seem to have used a commission to create the festive display in Claridge's as an opportunity to showcase his skills. The designer was asked to decorate the hotel's lobby for the season and decided to strip things back to basics. The large tree in the main foyer of Claridge's is the key attraction of the display, designed by Apple's Jony Ive It features no lights, no tinsel and no angel or star on top of the fir tree, having been stripped right back  Rather than the usual lights, tinsel and trimmings associated with this time of year, Mr Ive stopped at the tree. The imposing fir tree hasn't got a single light, nor scrap of tinsel on it, and there certainly isn't a star or angel topping it off. The bare fir has still attracted visitors though, with people posing for photos in front of the tree, designed by the guru alongside Marc Newson, and set designer Michael Howells. The trio said the display would be an 'all-enveloping magical experience' and other pictures reveal there is a walkway of trees, most as plain as the next. There is a dusting of fake snow on one of their smaller trees, and a canopy of green above visitors' heads. There is also a changing light scheme throughout. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Dreaming of a white... Thanksgiving? Mesmerizing time lapse... A trip down memory lane this Christmas for BBC viewers as... Share this article Share The display includes some fake snow on the floor and a changing light scheme as well as a green canopy A simple dusting of fake snow is all that decorates one of the smallest trees in the Christmas display Sir Ive said: 'There are few things more pure and beautiful than nature, so that was our starting point, layering various iterations of organic forms with technology.  'Our aim was to create an all-enveloping magical experience that celebrates our enormous respect for tradition while recognizing our excitement about the future and things to come.' Every year Claridge's asks a different famous person to adorn the hallway, and in previous winters, John Galliano and Christopher Bailey have turned their hand to it.  The tree's design has received mixed reactions from Twitter users, including one person who thinks its simplicity is a great idea. Daniel Marsh tweeted: 'A £200 photo book, a MacBook pro with only USB-C, a Claridges Christmas tree with no decs and a Frankenstein Christmas ad. Can only be Apple.' But Tanya Weaver said: 'I'm so into this. Hate sparkly Christmas tat.'  Daniel Marsh said the design was just one part of the Apple Christmas offering that no other company would put out Tanya Weaver said the simplicity was a welcome change to 'sparkly Christmas tat'  Juliana Inoue simply declared the tree 'boring' which many others have agreed with online A Twitter user going by Jammasternate said the hotel must have been 'bummed' when they saw the final design of the tree A Twitter user going by Jammasternate said the hotel must have been 'bummed' when they saw the final design of the tree, while Jessica Lam pointed out perhaps given the tech company's famed minimalist design, it application to Christmas could be expected.  Jack might not be the only person to believe he would have done a better job at the design work than the man with a knighthood to his name.   Jessica Lam pointed out that the designer had applied his famous minimalism to the lobby display And Jack might not be the only person thinking he could have done a better job at designing the showcase Earlier this week, Apple released a hardbound book chronicling 20 years of the tech company's design and 'very few words', according to Sir Ive. The book, called Designed by Apple in California, is dedicated to Steve Jobs and starts at £160 ($199).       Share or comment on this article e-mail 25 shares Most watched News videos Mariah botches New Year's Eve performance and storms off stage Heart-warming moment woman plays piano and sings in cathedral Man goes crazy when he catches another guy in bed with his wife Woman takes seven minutes to parallel park car in double space Man finally talks to wife after over twenty years of silence Passenger insults flight attendant before being led away by police Disturbing moment pitbull kills small dog in front of its owner Mass brawl erupts between customers and restaurant staff Dog shows off its incredibly efficient banana-eating technique Bottles and furniture thrown during terrifying NYE fight Spooky! 'Ghost' appears to follow two people down a driveway Take a look inside one of the brand new flats in The Collective Trump blasts Chicago mayor Rahm Emanuel for record-setting... Some people won't be having a happy new year! Carnage on the... George Michael's lover Fadi Fawaz reveals the singer died... Dick Clark Productions slams Mariah Carey's accusations of... Bitter Lemon? CNN anchor Don Lemon has his microphone cut as... New year, new life! Hot mugshot felon celebrates the... EXCLUSIVE - Weed belong together: Mariah Carey spotted... First pictures inside Istanbul nightclub show bodies strewn... ISIS is plotting ‘mass casualty’ chemical attack on Britain,... Rosie O'Donnell calls Trump 'mentally unstable' on Twitter... Mommy and the model: Wendi Deng, 48, enjoys bikini break... Meghan, the budding (and VERY sultry) star: Prince Harry's... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today Two weeks to go: Downbeat-looking Sasha and Malia return from Hawaii with their parents after last family vacation on Air Force One  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Angelina Jolie takes sweet twins Vivienne and Knox and daughter Shiloh for ice cream during Colorado ski trip... as she jets away from divorce drama Trouble in paradise? Nicole Kidman and Keith Urban 'had a red carpet argument' at her Lion premiere in Sydney just days before dancing up a storm on stage on New Year's Eve Still on! Jennifer Lawrence, 26, enjoys romantic New Year's Eve stroll with boyfriend Darren Aronofsky, 47 Looked like a picture-perfect couple Rebecca Romijn flaunts rock hard abs at 44 while on holiday with husband Jerry O'Connell and twin daughters She has a figure women half her age would envy 'You all lost Princess Leia and Carrie Fisher, I lost my hero': Joely Fisher pens tribute to her sister and describes the final Christmas in hospital with her comatose sibling 'I've felt disgust, but never this kind of fear': Bruce Springsteen unleashes on Trump for promoting 'bigotry, racism and intolerance' and says his policies are nothing but 'lies' 'Super excited!' Teen Mom 3's Briana DeJesus announces she's expecting a second baby in July The 22-year-old has a five-year-old daughter 'I'm gay': Sister Wives' daughter Mariah, 21, shocks her parents by coming out as a lesbian  Kody and Meri Brown's daughter Mariah had a big announcement  Mommy and the model: Wendi Deng, 48, enjoys bikini break with her 21-year-old boy toy and two teenage daughters in St Barts Looked picture perfect Michael Phelps and wife Nicole celebrate New Year's Eve with wedding bash Invited Olympic swimmers Allison Schmitt and Elizabeth Beisel to the festivities Patrick Schwarzenegger hits pool as he takes girlfriend Abby Champion on family holiday in Mexico with Maria Shriver 'Taught me how to love': Chance The Rapper finally introduces 15-month-old daughter Kensli on Instagram Sweet snap Kourtney Kardashian and Scott Disick put on a united front in Aspen as they pose on their private jet They split up in summer 2015 EXCLUSIVE - Mariah Carey spotted heading into a marijuana dispensary on Christmas Eve, just one week before her Times Square meltdown  Fit couple! Mark Wahlberg shows off sculpted body while wife Rhea Durham is red hot in bikini on holiday in Barbados Stripping off 'Parenthood is not a competition': Eva Amurri Martino responds to 'cruel' critics after she revealed night nurse dropped baby son cracking his skull Reunited! Julianne Hough goes makeup free in an adorable family selfie with fiancé Brooks Laich and their fur babies Lexi and Harley 'Cutest thing I've ever seen': Ariana Grande offers a sneak peek into her video game character for Final Fantasy The Into You singer  She's head over heels! Bethenny Frankel, 46, flaunts more than bikini body as she performs impressive handstand in Mexico She's a Skinny Girl Bonding time! Nicola Peltz rocks a black bikini as she hugs her brother Will on family holiday together Shared an idyllic Instagram photo  Keeping her on her toes! Chrissy Teigen shows off legs in LBD as she does impressive ballet move while carrying baby Luna Model mom Bella Thorne flaunts pert derriere in a tiny bikini on holiday in the Bahamas... and even covers herself in body glitter Hitting the beach Country crooner Sam Hunt engaged to his girlfriend and Montevallo muse Hannah Lee Fowler The 32-year-old Georgia-born belter New year, new nails! Tobey Maguire's ex Jennifer Meyer makes manicure her priority at start of 2017 The jewelry designer dressed in ripped jeans  Mixing it up! Jamie Foxx's daughter Corinne raises temperatures in mismatched bikini during beach outing in Miami Rocking a two-piece Star in stripes: Natalie Portman keeps it comfortable in patterned top and hoodie while on morning walk in LA She donned shades for a stroll What happened to Sahara Ray's face? Justin Bieber's rumoured ex-fling shows off her VERY plumped-up lips... and fans aren't happy 'He hasn't been able to stand Tom for years': Russell Crowe 'feuding with Cruise on set of new film The Mummy over the star's treatment of ex Nicole Kidman' PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Angelina Jolie hits the slopes with her kids during Colorado ski trip... as she enjoys NYE getaway in wake of Brad Pitt split  Luann de Lesseps and Tom D'Agastino head to the Bahamas for honeymoon after the Real Housewives star and her 'cheater' husband bid farewell to their friends at lunch So what DID happen the night George Michael died? Tweets about suicide, rumours of drug abuse and the boyfriend who now says he spent the night sleeping in his car Doutzen Kroes displays model figure in cropped top and tiny shorts while hitting beach in Miami with family Vacation time! Her new BFF! Kendall Jenner cuddles sweet new dog while getting in spot of shopping with Hailey Baldwin The 21-year-old is a catwalk queen Lea Michele lays her naked ambition bare as she poses for racy New Year snap Celebrated the new year by stripping down for a racy Instagram photo Buxom Daisy Lowe channels a Fifties pin-up girl as she covers-up sexy bikini with plunging white sundress after day of frolicking on Miami beach Taking a gamble on love? Jennifer Lopez and Drake hit high-roller tables in Vegas together after she supports him at NYE gig High-stakes date Camera queen Kate snaps up an honour: Duchess is commended by the Royal Photographic Society for her images (and here's some of her best work)  Maksim Chmerkovskiy posts photo of pregnant fiancee Peta Murgatroyd touching up makeup in hospital gown as she prepares to give birth  Always looking her best Luann de Lesseps and Tom D'Agastino head to the Bahamas for honeymoon after the Real Housewives star and her husband bid farewell to their friends Izabel Goulart flaunts her supermodel figure in TINY crochet bikini as she frolics on the beach in St Barts  Cemented her Brazilian bombshell status 'I have cellulite, stretch marks and some jiggle on my belly': Former body builder who used to be 'embarrassed' by her physique reveals why she refuses to 'embrace her flaws'  Why ARE so many celebrities obsessed with showing us their rear view? Former Cosmopolitan editor questions the stars' latest trend Like Suki Waterhouse  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Wild thing Daisy Lowe wears her leopard-print bra to the beach as she cosies up to handsome mystery man on the beach in Miami Billie Lourd breaks her silence with moving tribute to mother Carrie Fisher and grandmother Debbie Reynolds Posted a picture of herself as a child Pretty Little Flier: Fresh-faced Lucy Hale jets into LAX looking radiant after hosting New Year in New Orleans Make-up free She's red hot! Gwen Stefani unveiled as new face of Revlon  'Ever since I was a young girl, I have used makeup as a form of self-expression' Coffee date! Vanessa Hudgens rocks cropped sweater and extremely tight trousers during outing with boyfriend Austin Butler Spotted on a coffee run  'Lies!' RHOA Kandi Burruss slams claims by Phaedra Parks she had a threesome with her husband and another woman Hit back Daisy Lowe shows off her kooky sense of style on holiday as she pairs a skimpy white bikini with trainers The model was in particularly high spirits Newly engaged Serena Williams flashes her ring as she steps out with her Reddit co-founder fiance Alexis Ohanian in New Zealand On cloud nine Margot Robbie stuns in a leopard print one piece as she cozies up to new husband Tom Ackerley at the beach with friends... after secretly tying the knot 'We had sex': Nick Viall's former one night stand turns up as a Bachelor contestant... but he doesn't seem to remember her  Awkward moment Love's young dream: Elle Fanning enjoys giggly lunch date with boyfriend Dylan Beck The blonde kept things casual, opting to wear a black jumpsuit 'Boy crazy!' Ellen Pompeo cradles her newborn son Eli as she dances around her kitchen Became a mom for the third time in December  In the swim! Naomi Watts enjoys the warm waters off Cancun with sons during New Year's family getaway Actress, 48, donned a turquoise swimsuit  Ciara posts cute photos of her baby bump as she rings in 2017 with her growing family Expecting her first child with American football star Russell Wilson New year, old pals! Jonah Hill and Michael Cera enjoy low-key Superbad reunion ten years on  Their friendship is still going strong 'I decided to take a risk and play it': Gisele Bundchen serenades peaceful song while playing acoustic guitar by pool in new video Singing for the camera Queen brings tragic Tetra Pak heir's clan in from the cold after appointing Hans Rausing's cousin as one of her representatives  Scandalous past 'Get your happy a**es home!': Kim Zolciak misses daughter Brielle Biermann and beau Michael Kopech as they enjoy getaway in Niagara Falls 'Private pool suits me just fine!' Ashley Graham shows off her hourglass curves in racy white swimsuit as she takes a drop in the Seychelles 'It's not a set thing': Ben Affleck won't direct his Batman standalone if it doesn't come together to his liking Behind and in front of the camera? The look of love! Margot Robbie beams as she arrives back in LA with new husband Tom Ackerley... after tying the knot in secret ceremony in Australia 'They're perky!': Cynthia Bailey takes RHOA castmates to her breast exam... and lets them squeeze her implants Hands-on experience  Hilary Duff shows off her toned torso in a bikini as she larks around with son Luca in the Hawaii surf Held hands as they walked into the sea  Frances Bean Cobain's battle to get ex to return her late father Kurt Cobain's priceless guitar is heading for a multi-million dollar court case Covergirl prep! Victoria's Secret model Shanina Shaik takes to social media in a face mask shortly before her latest Cosmopolitan cover is announced UK X Factor runner-up Rebecca Ferguson 'graciously accepts' invitation to sing at Trump's inauguration... if she can perform track protesting racism Slapped and screamed at by directors, pestered for sex by co-stars and a victim of Tony Curtis's vile gossip: How DEBBIE REYNOLDS was abused in Hollywood   'Stand strong and move forward!' Nicole Scherzinger flaunts her phenomenal bikini body as she shares her New Year's resolve from Hawaii Sparkling New Year for Ab Fab star's daughter: Actress Beattie Edmondson announces her engagement  She's the daughter of Jennifer Saunders Now that's one way to RING in the New Year! Ashley Greene stuns in a black dress and flaunts her engagement bling as she celebrates 2017 in Sydney with new fiancé Making resolutions! Rob Kardashian works up a sweat on a two-hour trek with Blac Chyna... days after health scare left him hospitalized Newly single Bella Thorne enjoys NYE smooch with model pal Kyra Santoro as she rings in 2017 with her girlfriends in the Bahamas Hilary Duff parades her toned pins in skimpy bikini bottoms as she tries her hand at surfing during New Year's break to Hawaii Surf lesson 'Bad and boujee!' Larsa Pippen showcases her enviable figure in revealing bikini aboard river cruise  Posed for another skimpy swimsuit shot  Rich Kids of Instagram's Lana Scolaro loses her bikini top as she enjoys break  in St Barts... after shooting to fame with THAT Robin Thicke snap Living it up! Jamie Foxx welcomes the new year with a boy's night in Miami Hit 1 Hotel in the South Beach neighbourhood Sara Sampaio flaunts her trim figure and pert posterior in pretty print swimsuit as she enjoys a sunbathing session on Mexican holiday Basking in the sunshine 'He really wanted to be in the movie': Robin Williams was turned down for iconic Hagrid role in Harry Potter franchise because he wasn't British Katie Couric reunites with Matt Lauer on Today as she returns to host the morning show for the first time in a decade Reclaiming her seat Mariah Carey kisses Bryan Tanaka in preview clip of reality show after he pops out of cake and gives lap dance Sneak peek of her show  'The best way to start 2017': Jessica Alba soaks up the sun in a bikini as she and her daughters celebrate the New Year on Hawaiian beach Eva Amurri Martino reveals baby son suffered a cracked skull after a night nurse dropped him... and admits she's now battling depression  '1st selfie of the new year!' Ciara shares a picture of her growing bump as she supports her man at NFL game She's shaping up to have a memorable  'Bodies of every size': Lena Dunham bares cleavage in lingerie for New Year's Day photo-shoot Sending a message with racy shot They tied the knot! UnREAL cco-stars Johanna Braddy and Freddie Stroma start 2017 as newlyweds They had been dating since meeting in 2015 'Sad when bae leaves': Ariel Winter, 18, pouts over absent Levi Meaden,29... after ringing in New Year with a kiss Sulky Snapchat 'Counting my blessings': Karlie Kloss winks as she shows off her famous figure in black bikini in St Barts Showing off her model body Georgia May Jagger rocks wild leopard print lingerie and sparkling bling as she writhes around in bed for LOVE's Video Advent 'The loneliness became desperate': Kate Bush describes 'cruel' bullying during her teenage years at Catholic girls' school in newly resurfaced essay Dick Clark Productions slams Mariah Carey's accusations of sabotage as 'frankly absurd' after diva's epic lip syncing meltdown she blamed on faulty earpiece  James Corden's stunning wife Julia Carey shows him up with her incredible beach body as they enjoy Barbados sun on festive family jaunt 'Happiest New Year!' Bella Hadid shares selfie blowing on party horn as she rings in 2017 with Kendall Jenner and Jordyn Woods Knows how to have fun 'I love my man!' Jessica Simpson shares sultry couple shot with husband Eric Johnson Welcoming 2017 on the united front  'Partner in life!' Rachel Zoe and Rodger Berman share NYE kiss as they celebrate 25 years together Midnight smooch Chip off the old block! Brooklyn Beckham theatrically dives from boat as holiday break in Maldives continues Inspired by some dives from his father? Stella McCartney covers up in a floaty kaftan as she enjoys romantic beach stroll with husband Alasdhair Willis in St Barts Bod Jovi! Shirtless Jon Bon Jovi, 54, shows off his impressive physique as he goes for a dip in St Barths It seems he has looked good, always 'This is a turning point in saving elephants from extinction': Prince William salutes China's decision to shut down its ivory trade by the end of this year  Double Trouble! Tiffany Scanlon and Megan Marx strip down to their bikinis before teasing fans about the mystery location they are set to move to That's one way to ring in the New Year! Victoria's Secret stunner Bridget Malcolm flashes underboob as she poses TOPLESS on a disco ball  Andrew Garfield cheers on the Los Angeles Lakers courtside as awards season looms for Hacksaw Ridge star Sports fan Meghan the budding star: Actress poses for series of publicity photos after landing a role in daytime TV show 13 years before she met Prince Harry  It's all about the bling! Jennifer Lopez wears Drake's necklace as she supports him at his NYE Vegas show The 47-year-old was spotted in a nightclub Trying to impress? Ansel Elgort enjoys a shirtless workout... as girlfriend Violetta Komyshan looks on Actor was productive in South Beach in Miami Former NFL star Kordell Stewart sends his ex Porsha Williams a cease and desist letter after nude video of him is leaked on internet Is she trashing him? I'm pregnant! Lauren Conrad reveals baby news with sweet sonogram picture on New Year's Day  This will be the star's first child Rise and shine! Bikini girl Hilary Duff embraces the new year with surf lesson in Hawaii While many around the world were nursing a hangover Party time! Kendall Jenner steps out in black negligee while Hailey Baldwin stuns in white mini dress as the pals celebrate New Year's Eve in Hollywood Shirtless Jake Gyllenhaal flaunts hunky physique as he joins bikini-clad pal Greta Caruso in exquisite waters during St. Barths break Tired of the beach? Covered up Ashley Olsen, 30, caresses shirtless beau Richard Sachs, 58, during trail hike in St. Barts Enjoying the sun Twice as nice! Models Doutzen Kroes and Joan Smalls put on a bikini display as they meet up on Miami Beach Spent New Year's Day relaxing on the beach  Hard day's twerk! Bella Thorne dances on the back of a truck in the Bahamas She was joined by her sister Dani and a group of her friends  'His love has been life changing': The Veronicas' Lisa Origliasso reveals she's engaged to boyfriend Logan Hoffman and shows off her ring Expat A-list! Daniel MacPherson and Zoe Ventoura party with the Hemsworth brothers and Miley Cyrus on NYE at gold-themed bash What a welcome to 2017 Rosie O'Donnell calls Trump 'mentally unstable' on Twitter and warns America that there are 'less than three weeks to stop him' Strong statement 'I wish everyone this kind of love!' Kelly Clarkson plants a kiss on son Remington for New Year's greeting He is just eight months old  Louis Tomlinson's ex Briana Jungwirth coos over their giggling son Freddie in old family videos... as she reveals that their baby has taken his first steps Justin Bieber rings in 2017 with medley of hits during poolside performance at historic Fontainebleau Miami Beach Wowed the crowd  Sheer New Year! Bella Hadid reveals underwear in see-through outfit as she dares to bare to usher in 2017 in Hollywood 'Feliz Año!' Shakira embraces her partner Gerard Piqué and sons as she posts a festive New Year's message to her fans on Instagram  Adorable family  'One of the most eventful and exciting years of my life': Ivanka Trump celebrates New Year in Hawaii as the rest of the clan party with Stallone  Bradley Cooper heads out for healthy jog in LA while 'pregnant' girlfriend Irina Shayk spends New Year in her native Russia Could soon be a father  Rogue One takes $64M over New Year weekend to become the US's second highest grossing film of 2016... as Disney sweeps year-end top three 'How we started 2017!' Proud David Beckham shares sweet snap of his family from glamorous beach party in the Maldives... as the stars ring in 2017  Well that's one way to worship the sun! Lady Victoria Hervey looks radiant in a vibrant floral maxi dress as she offers her palms to the sky in Barbados Million Dollar Listings star Ryan Serhant shares cheeky snap of wife skinny dipping on lavish belated honeymoon  In Bora Bora What a Dream day! Blac Chyna begins new year with Rob Kardashian and daughter after dramatic split Easy family day together Jon plus four! Gosselin sees in 2017 with half of his famous brood The 39-year-old star of Jon and Kate Plus 8 grinned as he held out a selfie stick 'I'm going to break a leg for sure!' Sophie Monk shares a video of beginners skiing lesson as she takes to the slopes for the first time  Australian model Ripped! Laura Dundovic flaunts her incredible abs as she poses in a skimpy bikini on the beach after becoming a personal trainer 'My life changed forever!' Coco Austin shares snap of the moment she met Ice-T 16 years ago as they celebrate wedding anniversary at NYE bash 'Wonder if I will be cold?' Kate Hudson braves a snowy NYE in Aspen in nothing but lingerie as she parties hard with pal Chelsea Handler Naomi Campbell, 46, shows off her incredibly ageless physique in barely-there bikini as she rings in 2017 with blissful beach break Looked incredible  Bachelor's Megan Marx calls girlfriend Tiffany Scanlon her 'biggest accomplishment' of 2016  Renowned reality pair  Bitter Lemon? CNN anchor Don Lemon has his microphone cut as he starts to talk about how 2016 was 'awful' after drinking tequila in live New Year broadcast  'I don't hold back': Supermodel Jess Hart reveals the trick she uses to stay in shape while still eating the food she loves... and that includes burgers Revealed: Jennifer Lopez quietly turned up to support her new beau Drake at his NYE show in Las Vegas She was spotted in a VIP booth Jake Gyllenhaal maintains his toned physique with a New Year's Eve run while on holiday in St. Barts  On a well deserved vacation Blake Lively enjoys low-key New Year's Eve with her Sisterhood Of The Traveling Pants BFF Amber Tamblyn Actresses have been besties since 2005 hit  'Catwoman' Jocelyn Wildenstein's ex-boyfriend sees off 2016 by frolicking on the beach with transgender model Lauren Foster In Miami  Ashley Graham whips off her bikini to pose topless while enjoying sunshine holiday Marked the first day of 2017 with a revealing selfie A dip in the (Car)pool! Doting daddy James Corden larks around with son Max on Barbados shore during idyllic New Year getaway Put on a sweet display 'Back with beautiful Bindi': Chandler Powell posts tribute to his girlfriend Bindi Irwin as he returns to Australia to be with her after pair spend time apart Princess Mary rings in the new year dressed in a gold gown and deep purple cape for annual banquet Was joined Crown Prince Frederik  'Mariah Carey just summed up 2016!' Diva botches New Year's Eve lip-sync performance and STORMS OFF Times Square stage while crying into the mic George Michael's lover Fadi Fawaz reveals the singer died alone after he slept in his car and denies posting tweets saying the star had tried to kill himself  'Who needs to drop the ball when Mariah already covered it?' Twitter mercilessly trashes diva for her epic New Year's Eve meltdown  'I believe I can fly': Justin Theroux posts hilarious video of himself crash landing after ski jump He knows how to garner a few laughs too Norman Cook returns home from NYE gig in Italy after a lonely Christmas following split from Zoe Ball... while she celebrates six months of sobriety Making a splash! Eagerly anticipated DC Comics Aquaman superhero flick starring Jason Momoa and Amber Heard will start filming in May James Packer's ex Erica Packer looks glam as she enjoys family holiday in St Barts... while another 'ex' Seal hits the ski slopes with Heidi Klum 'I've felt better': Louis Tomlinson welcomes 2017 with a hungover selfie as he prepares for a new year after his mother's tragic passing The One Direction star Jeremy Clarkson's VERY racy party girls: Grand Tour star is pictured with a host of society's most eligible women at New Year's Eve party  The 4 things that I love the most': Madonna spends New Year with son Rocco Ritchie and his siblings as they ring in 2017 together with family ski trip  The Queen is feeling 'better', says Princess Anne as royals attend Sandringham church service without her on New Year's Day in rural England  It's New Year's Eve somewhere! 5 Seconds of Summer's Ashton Irwin looks a little worse for wear as he parties until 8am in the morning Still going for it  She's smitten! Britney Spears shares cuddly snap after celebrating New Year with new love Sam Asghari Britney and her new guy are inseparable Fifty Shades Darker teases more steamy sex scenes with new TV ad Fans got a peek at the upcoming Fifty Shades Darker movie  'Her tongue freaks me out!' Jessica Simpson's BFF CaCee Cobb posts silly selfie while celebrating New Year's Eve Frequently sticks it out  'Toddler headbutt!': Jason Biggs starts the New Year with a black eye from two-year-old son Sid Enjoyed his first day of 2017 with a large shiner  'Hello 2017': Ed Sheeran promises new music in five days' time... as he appears on social media for the first time in 57 weeks Exciting comeback  The dry January drinks that are actually DELICIOUS: Wine expert HELEN MCGINN recommends the best teetotal tipples you can try at home That's one passionate midnight kiss! Miley Cyrus shares her New Year's cinch with fiancé Liam Hemsworth as they attend New Year's Eve party Real love: Housewives' star Luann de Lesseps marries Tom D'Agostino in Palm Beach ceremony after banning Bravo from filming the event Blac Chyna and Rob Kardashian put on a united front as they celebrate New Year's Eve together... as she puts her engagement ring back on Gerard Depardieu displays his portly frame as he strips off his shirt during a hot and sweaty rehearsal for his stage show in Buenos Aires Hot under the collar  Sherlock's Amanda Abbington admits it was 'weird' revisiting parenting onscreen with now ex-partner Martin Freeman... ahead of series return '2017 here we go!' Joanna Krupa gets cheeky with a pretty pal as they ring in the New Year in their bikinis Couldn't keep their hands off each other He's the man who told us that Trump would triumph - now look what Mystic Morgan predicts for Meghan (not to mention other surprises that might come in 2017) Having an auld lang fine time! Gwen Stefani locks lips with Blake Shelton as they enjoy family New Year's Eve Everyone wanted a kiss at midnight  Victoria Beckham joins Mel C on stage to sing their hit tune 2 Become 1 as the ex bandmates ring in 2017 with in the Maldives with their friends and families 'Don't get blood on the jacket!' 'Drunk Don Lemon' gets his ear pierced live on air during NYE show Displayed a full array of antics  Family meal-a! Mila Kunis stocks up on food with hubby Ashton Kutcher and newborn son Dimitri ahead of NYE Ringing in the new year with a family meal Fergie and Hailee Steinfield flash the flesh in skin flaunting ensembles as they ring in 2017 in style on Dick Clark's New Year's Rockin' Eve Beautiful front and back! Ashley Graham posts rear view topless bikini pic as she enjoys tropical getaway Seeing in 2017 in The Seychelles  Nicki Minaj shows off her ample assets in plunging silver jumpsuit as she rings in 2017 with Miami gig... after replacing Jennifer Lopez at the last minute 'A blessed way to bring in 2017!' Amy Smart surprises fans as she welcomes a daughter with husband Carter Oosterhouse Incredible news  Thatkiss Neverbeen! Jennifer Lawrence reveals she has never had a New Year's Eve kiss Has never had a midnight smooch Iggy Azalea hoping for 'better vibe' in the New Year after 2016 saw ex-fiancé Nick Young cheat on her, X Factor flop, and Guy Sebastian brand her a 'weirdo' Kathy Griffin reveals large armpit sweat patches during live NYE celebration with Anderson Cooper Was it too hot for the co-host on CNN  Now that's a Happy New Year! Khloe Kardashian kisses Tristan Thompson as they ring in 2017 together Sealed with a smooch 'One for the mommies tonight': Mums go into meltdown as Tom Hardy reads the bedtime story on the BBC's children's channel on New Year's Eve Such a cheeky boy! Usher posts photo of 'bonita' wife Grace's bottom as they welcome the New Year in a hot tub Looks like his party is just peachy  Nicole Kidman's surprise 'happy' dance at Keith Urban's NYE show in Nashville thrills fans... but leaves some asking if she's had a bit too much to drink 'Happy New Year!' Pink delights in her newborn baby while Gisele Bundchen prances on the beach as the stars welcome 2017 Stares are celebrating Engaged! TV producer Greg Berlanti and LA Galaxy winger Robbie Rogers announce plans to wed Exciting news to end the year  M*A*S*H star William Christopher dies of cancer at age 84 The storied actor is known for playing Father Mulcahy on the 70s hit show      DON'T MISS Oozing star quality! Alexa Chung is the belle of the ball in intricate head piece as she toasts the New Year at a glamorous New York masquerade ball Make-up free Nicole Scherzinger displays her sensational beach body in a sun-soaked Hawaiian selfie Wowed in the white bikini  Flip Or Flop's Christina El Moussa reflects on her 'crazy year' of 'highs and lows' on Instagram after split with husband Tarek Wants a 'fabulous' 2017 Blac Chyna shows off post-baby curves in a plunging dress as she heads out to celebrate New Year's Eve Got to celebrate, even with lots on her plate 'Thankful': Sofia Vergara looks incredible in strapless dress while vacationing in Bora Bora for husband Joe Manganiello's birthday Relaxing break  'Let's do this!' Mariah Carey is carried to the stage by her beau Bryan Tanaka as she preps for New Year's Eve show in Times Square Ready for midnight 'Peace out 2016!' Jessica Alba ends the year exploring Hawaiian rainforests with her loved ones Mother told 2016 to take a hike  Nicki Minaj displays ample cleavage in sexy Instagram post in wake of deadly shooting outside concert of on-again, off-again beau Meek Mill Celebrate good times, c'mon! Amy Adams stocks up on alcohol ahead of New Year's Eve celebration  Had a helping hand from her daughter Aviana New Years goals! Doutzen Kroes showcases killer bikini body as she cosies up to husband Sunnery James on beach in Cancun Transgender model Hari Nef sizzles in slinky purple gown as she sings sultry cover of Blue Velvet for Love's video advent Video each day 'The worst holiday season of my life': How custody battles with Angelina meant this year ended in the most agonizing Christmas EVER for Brad Pitt We can be heroes! Nicole Kidman dances on stage beside hubby Keith Urban as he performs amazing New Year's tribute to 2016's fallen greats  'Girl power!' Naomi Watts rings in the new year as a single woman... with a bikini trip to Mexico   Split with husband Liev earlier this year  '2016 is almost over!' John Legend shares cute snap with Chrissy Teigen on his back as the couple spend New Year's Eve in St. Barts Always photogenic  Shanina Shaik sports a racy green dress as she supports DJ Ruckus at a New Year's Eve gig in Miami Was wearing a racy ensemble 'All is as it should be!' Katy Perry rings in the New Year with boyfriend Orlando Bloom on a Tokyo sidewalk Decided to wear as mask in Japan  Fans outraged as fake Cheryl Twitter account 'confirms' pregnancy...after the singer shares heartfelt New Year's Instagram selfie 'My dude is HOT': Miley Cyrus admires her fiancé Liam Hemsworth as they attend a New Year's Eve party with his brother Chris and wife Elsa Pataky It must be true love! Kylie Jenner gets a lower-case T for Tyga tattoo'd on her ankle... her SIXTH inking so far Reality queen had a recent touch up Beach babe! Heather Graham, 46, flashes her long legs and toned midriff on trip to Miami with her boyfriend Turned heads during a trip to the beach  What a Carey on! Mariah has a diva moment after flubbing her lines... while Lionel Richie is pitch perfect as they usher in 2017 in Times Square Cricketer Shane Warne has a family photo of himself and ex-fiancée Elizabeth Hurley together with all of their children on his BATHROOM wall Oh no, normal people! Robbie Williams is caught on camera applying hand sanitiser after singing Auld Lang Syne - and looking suitably disgusted  Head over heels! Izabel Goulart does cartwheels on the sand in St Barts The breathtaking Brazilian model showed off her flawless figure and athletic prowess Ending the year on a bang! Reality star Courtney Stodden poses in white lace lingerie as she says 'bye 2016' Has been a tumultuous year for the 22 year old  'Hey': Teen Kylie Jenner shows off her curves in green bra and panties as she takes last mirror selfie of 2016 Showing off her curves  2016 came to an end  God bless America! Criminal Minds actor Shemar Moore gets patriotic as he dons the stars and stripes for New Year's Day party in Sydney Michael Jackson's doctor Conrad Murray promises to tell late pop singer's three children 'the truth' about their parentage Mystery will be revealed The Angels have arrived! Victoria's Secret models Jasmine Tookes, Romee Strijd and Lais Ribeiro sizzle in tiny bikinis while on holiday in Brazil Ladies' man! Scott Eastwood enjoys a Sydney Harbour cruise with a group of VERY glamorous women including newly single Bachelor star Lisa Hyde  'We love her just as much as we did before': Ronda Rousey's mom writes heartfelt message defending her UFC fighter daughter after humiliating defeat Russell Crowe's estranged wife Danielle Spencer, 47, looks youthful and fit as she steps out in gym clothes before New Year's Eve party in Sydney Miles Teller jets out of LA with girlfriend Keleigh Sperry as they are pictured for the first time days after surviving dramatic car accident 'You are perverted': Gospel singer Kim Burrell faces backlash after calling homosexuality a 'sin' during sermon at church she founded in Houston She's a perfect 10! Maria Menounos shows off her beautiful bikini body on romantic beach break in Mexico with fiancé Keven Undergaro Always looking amazing Effective AND edible! Beauty blogger shows how to make a DIY Nutella face mask to treat your spots Will get rid of blackheads and hydrate skin GIRL ABOUT NEW YEAR: Pippa's family are trying to save the pennies as her wedding is set to cost a fortune  Her nuptials to James Matthews are soon 'Who's your mommy?' Champion Amanda Nunes mocks defeated Ronda Rousey with picture after soundly beating UFC poster girl in less than a MINUTE Ready for wedding! RHONY's Luann De Lesseps, 51, is lovely in white during rehearsal dinner night before Palm Beach nuptials to Tom D'Agostino 'I will f***ing shoot and ask questions later!': RHOA star Kenya Moore pulls a gun on three trespassers at her Atlanta mansion Protecting herself  'No better way to end 2016': Khloe Kardashian's ex Lamar Odom poses with his kids in first Instagram post since leaving rehab Appeared in good health 'What time does the ball drop?' Mariah Carey assigned a special team to get her to Times Square before midnight after the diva's people panicked organizers  Victoria's Secret model Megan Williams displays her beach body in a black bikini as she frolics in the ocean in St Barts with her boyfriend Richie Akiva Girl can't help it! Bella Thorne flashes her cleavage in bikini on Snapchat after jetting into the Bahamas The 19-year-old former Disney star  GIRL ABOUT NEW YEAR: Lovelorn Cara's LA dash to rekindle her romance The supermodel and St Vincent are poised to give it another go Winter wonderland! Kelly Ripa bundles up in beanie and mittens for hike in snowy Colorado The 46-year-old is currently in Telluride, with her family Always a supermodel! Alessandra Ambrosio sizzles in sexy black swim suit as she poses by a pool for a pal At home in front of the camera 'I miss LA': Chloe Lattanzi admits she's homesick after moving from California to Oregon with her fiancé to start a marijuana farm business  Carrie Fisher was starstruck by Prince Harry and tracked him down in a London nightclub... but he admitted he wasn't a Star Wars fan Keeping Up With Jonathan Cheban! Kim Kardashian's pal hangs in Miami with Ansel Elgort and Rob 'The Gronk' Gronkowski Ready for the new year 'Seychelles!' Ashley Graham shows off her perfect waist in a bikini as she enjoys the island life with husband Justin Ervin Looking fantastic  Serena Williams flashes her gold ring on Snapchat after touching down in New Zealand with new fiance Reddit co-founder Alexis Ohanian Denim darling! Jenna Dewan shows off her fit form in a black bodysuit with jeans and leopard print booties while out in LA Unloading her SUV 'I get to love him forever!' Bachelor vet Selma Alameri marries Patrick Daniels in intimate city hall ceremony after six month engagement Happy New Year from Kylie Jenner! Reality star poses with bestie Jordyn Woods in Hello Kitty Snapchat filter Closed out 2016 in a casual fashion With her amor! Bethenny Frankel, 46, flaunts toned bikini body as she splashes around with boyfriend Dennis Shields in Mexico She's a Skinny Girl Kelly Brook flaunts her ample cleavage and toned stomach in a pink printed bikini for sizzling shoot Never been afraid to show off her figure Adele and partner Simon Konecki are said to be 'planning a UK wedding after secretly becoming engaged in October' Exciting new year ahead It's almost 2017! Hailee Steinfeld dons plunging mini dress with fishnet nylons ahead of performance for Dick Clark's New Year's Rockin' Eve Future trendsetter! Kaia Gerber rocks jean skirt and black bikini during family vacation with mom Cindy Crawford in St. Barts She is 15 'Not all the senators think I'm insane': General Leia deleted scene from The Force Awakens surfaces online days after Carrie Fisher's death 'We've made something very complete': Benedict Cumberbatch hints new Sherlock series may be the last as fans prepare for new episode  'It was a real Felix-and-Oscar disparity between their personalities': Mark Hamill talks Star Wars co-star Carrie Fisher and Debbie Reynolds Paul McCartney's wife Nancy Shevell, 57, shows off her sensational bikini body as she frolics on the beach in St Barts A beach babe Jennifer Lopez, 47, 'is having fun' with Drake, 30, as it's claimed their relationship isn't serious... after they share steamy kiss at Vegas bash Heather Graham shows off her bikini body while on the beach in Miami with boyfriend producer Tommy Alastra Relaxing with her producer beau 'My babies': Rob Kardashian shares photo of fiancée Blac Chyna holding their daughter Dream after emergency hospital visit for diabetes scare Holding on tight! Ashley Olsen, 30, gets bear hug from beau Richard Sachs, 58, as they party in St. Barts The former Full House star  Bringing up the rear! Sizzling Sara Sampaio shows off her pert posterior and svelte figure in bright bikini on Mexican holiday Looking sensational  Kate and William are slammed for doing HALF the official engagements Charles and Diana did at the same age  Have been criticised for their work ethic  'You just got knocked the f*** out': Justin Bieber slams old foe Ronda Rousey after she got beaten up by Amanda Nunez in UFC fight Debbie Reynolds 24-hour movie marathon will air on TCM in January with such hits as Singin' In The Rain and The Unsinkable Molly Brown 'You made me cry because it was so beautiful!' Miley Cyrus breaks down in tears as she hears young cancer patient sing at children's hospital Sports Illustrated stunner Hailey Clauson strips down to her lingerie as she saucily recreates When Harry Met Sally for LOVE's Video Advent Heartbreak (and another sore face) for Ronda Rousey as she gets beaten by Amanda Nunes after just 48 SECONDS on return to UFC - but will still pocket $3m  Just the girls! Makeup-free Lea Michele rocks leggings and sweatshirt as she spends quality time with mom Edith Sarfati Relaxing day out  'They decided on forever': Miranda Kerr's mother Therese shares beautiful snaps of son's same-sex wedding to longtime partner James Wright A dozen less lonely girls! Justin Bieber flashes his tattoos as he looks delighted to greet bikini-clad Beliebers in Barbados Was in great spirits Tamara Ecclestone rocks festive onesie for elaborate Frozen-themed NYE with sister Petra Stunt and sweet daughter Sophia, 2, in Gstaad  'She has an incredibly famous mother': Ryan Phillippe credits ex wife Reese Witherspoon for their daughter Ava's Instagram fame Social media star Today's headlines Most Read Two weeks to go: Downbeat-looking Sasha and Malia return from Hawaii with their parents after last family... Teen and her three young siblings are killed and a further six are hospitalized by poisonous gas from... So what DID happen the night George Michael died? Tweets about suicide. Rumours of drug abuse. and the... United Airlines employee is found trapped in plane's baggage hold after a flight from North Carolina to... Round-the-clock federal manhunt underway for escaped inmate and former Army reservist who 'stole 16 guns'... The terrifying power of mega tsunamis: Video reveals how a wave could wipe out the ENTIRE east coast of the... 'I've felt disgust, but never this kind of fear': Bruce Springsteen unleashes on Trump for promoting... X Factor runner-up Rebecca Ferguson 'graciously accepts' invitation to sing at Donald... 'You're out of here': Donald Trump kicks out author who published Ivana's 'rape accusations' in a 1993... Less than half of Americans – including just 1 in 7 Democrats – think President Trump can stay scandal-free  Trump blasts Chicago mayor Rahm Emanuel for record-setting 762 homicides and 4,331 shooting victims in 2016... Will President Obama use the five-minute break between congressional sessions tomorrow to appoint Merrick... Uproar at historically black college after marching band agrees to perform at Donald Trump's inaugural... 'It's organized chaos!' White House staff prepare for inauguration moving day where they'll have just SIX... Donald Trump tweets that he always thought he would 'win big' - and chides CNN for using an unflattering... Trump's press secretary suggests Russian sanctions were political - as the White House did nothing when the... Just days left for Obama as he 'offloads' staff, tweaks farewell speech, prepares last-minute pardons and... How Trump responded to Turkey terror attack by promising to build his border wall, as carnage unfolded in... Top adviser claims President Obama 'hasn't had a scandal' - to ridicule from critics who point to 'rap sheet... Trump spokesman says there's still 'zero evidence' Russia influenced presidential election with alleged... Tearful Colorado mother pleads for help finding her six-year-old son after he 'wandered away' from their... Elon Musk's SpaceX blames a fault in helium canister for massive Falcon 9 rocket explosion that destroyed... Are YOU smart enough to ace this school exam? Simple test designed for 10-year-olds leaves the internet... New York governor defends decision to commute sentence of terrorist getaway driver in $1.6m Brink's heist... 'I won't stop until I'm dating a women born in the 1990s': Homeless man, 37, 'banned from Starbucks for... PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Angelina Jolie takes sweet twins Vivienne and Knox and daughter Shiloh for ice cream... We reveal 25 PAIN-FREE ways to boost your health in 2017: Stop combining alcohol with sugar-free mixers, and... Homeowner shoots and kills drunk guest who refused to leave his son's invite only New Year's Eve party Man, 20, 'yells "f*** Trump", tries to choke himself and urinates on a state trooper' after being arrested... MORE HEADLINES Trump blasts Chicago mayor Rahm Emanuel for record-setting 762 homicides and 4,331 shooting victims in 2016 and says he 'must ask for Federal help' if he can't fix Windy City Some people won't be having a happy new year! Carnage on the streets of Britain as revellers see in 2017 with a night of fighting, vomiting and a LOT of flesh on show  George Michael's lover Fadi Fawaz reveals the singer died alone after he slept in his car and denies posting tweets saying the star had tried to kill himself many times  Dick Clark Productions slams Mariah Carey's accusations of sabotage as 'frankly absurd' after diva's epic lip syncing meltdown she blamed on faulty earpiece  Bitter Lemon? CNN anchor Don Lemon has his microphone cut as he starts to talk about how 2016 was 'awful' after drinking tequila in live New Year broadcast  New year, new life! Hot mugshot felon celebrates the holidays with his wife and kids at their mansion  EXCLUSIVE - Weed belong together: Mariah Carey spotted heading into a marijuana dispensary on Christmas Eve, just one week before her Times Square meltdown  First pictures inside Istanbul nightclub show bodies strewn across the floor as police release new photo of 'ISIS killer' and quiz eight people over New Year's Eve attack  ISIS is plotting ‘mass casualty’ chemical attack on Britain, warns minister as he calls on citizens to help identify 'the enemy within'  Rosie O'Donnell calls Trump 'mentally unstable' on Twitter and warns America that there are 'less than three weeks to stop him' Mommy and the model: Wendi Deng, 48, enjoys bikini break with her 21-year-old boy toy and two teenage daughters in St Barts Meghan, the budding (and VERY sultry) star: Prince Harry's girlfriend poses for series of racy publicity photos after landing a daytime TV show role 13 years before their royal romance began  'S*** happens!' Mariah Carey tries to brush off New Year's Eve lip-sync disaster after crying 'I wanted a holiday too' and storming off stage - ending her dismal 2016 that saw canceled engagement to billionaire Packer Pit bull kills a small dog in front of its horrified owner while she helplessly cries for it to stop in Los Angeles Ex-wife of billionaire oil tycoon T. Boone Pickens 'ordered her African-American chef to cook her guests black people food' at $2,000-a-night luxury ranch Homeowner shoots and kills drunk guest who refused to leave his son's invite only New Year's Eve party Pictures that make me weep for today's young women: SARAH VINE on how British society is in the grip of an out of control binge-drinking culture Saved by his cellphone: Delaware businessman, 35, cheats death in Istanbul nightclub terror attack and his headed home after his phone takes impact of bullet shot by 'ISIS' gunman who killed 39  Will President Obama use the five-minute break between congressional sessions tomorrow to appoint Merrick Garland to the Supreme Court? Two weeks to go: Downbeat-looking Sasha and Malia return from Hawaii with their parents after last family vacation on Air Force One  BREAKING NEWS: ISIS claim responsibility for Istanbul nightclub atrocity as police hunt gunman who murdered 39 revellers in five-minute shooting spree Pit bull mauls family who tried to put him in a Christmas sweater and is only captured after being stabbed, Tasered, then shot with a tranquilizer dart AND a shotgun  'I'm getting impolite aren't I, fat a***?' Passenger's 'misogynistic' rant at airline staff forces US-bound flight from Sydney to land in New Zealand so he can be arrested Will a BAG solve the mystery of what happened to six missing plane passengers who vanished over Lake Erie? Police find luggage in hunt for family of four and their two friends Tearful Colorado mother pleads for help finding her six-year-old son after he 'wandered away' from their home on New Year's Eve and vanished  The Incredible Sulk: Husband has gone 20 YEARS without speaking to his wife since she upset him - but still lives with her and his children  Washington man, 37, is banned from a Starbucks for asking a barista, 16, out to dinner - and then claims he's a victim of AGEISM Is this the face of a cold-eyed killer? Menacing SELFIE released of suspected ISIS gunman goading Turkish secularists by posing in Taksim Square protest site as different CCTV clips shows the wanted man roaming Istanbul before the massacre  'Obama and other Muslims not welcome here': Convenience store sparks outrage with racist 'welcome' sign  MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Home Industry Technology Apple & Citibank together bring unique discounts for iPhone 7 and iPad combo; here’s all about the offer Apple & Citibank together bring unique discounts for iPhone 7 and iPad combo; here’s all about the offer Apple has partnered with Citibank to provide a unique cashback offer in India, on the purchase of iPhone which appears to be a combo with iPad. By: FE Online | Published: November 21, 2016 5:17 PM Citibank is offering a cashback up to Rs 23,000 on the purchase on latest Apple devices – iPhone 7 and 7 Plus – and iPad to users of Credit card. (Reuters) Apple has partnered with Citibank to provide a unique cashback offer in India, on the purchase of iPhone which appears to be a combo with iPad. The company is offering a cashback up to Rs 23,000 on the purchase on latest Apple devices – iPhone 7 and 7 Plus – and iPad to users of Citibank credit card. The offer currently available and will continue till December 31, 2016. Till the offer is available, the consumers will get the cashback in two parts on their credit cards. The bank will credit the cashback on the consumer’s accounts within 90 days from the date of purchase. However, the Apple devices cannot be bought on EMI to get the cashback option. Citibank credit card holders will get a cashback of Rs 23,000 on the purchase of a combination of iPad Pro + iPhone 7/iPhone 7 Plus. A cashback of Rs 18,000 if the consumer buys a combination of iPad Air 2 + iPhone 7/iPhone 7 Plus and a cashback of Rs 17,000 on the purchase of a combination of iPad Mini 2/4 + iPhone 7/iPhone 7 Plus. The cashback will be credited in two versions. In the first deal of iPad Pro + iPhone 7/iPhone, 7 Plus the money will come in two entries of Rs 12,000 and Rs 11,000 per entry. In the second deal of iPad Air 2+ iPhone 7/iPhone 7 Plus, the money will come in two entries of Rs 10,000 and Rs 8,000 per entry. In the final deal, the cashback will come in two parts of Rs 10,000 and Rs 7,000 per entry. Also read | One Apple iPhone 7 is eight times slower than the other; here are ways to ensure you don’t buy the wrong one Users will have to buy both the devices on the same day, from the same store. They have been allowed to perform four transactions during the period till the offer is available, but just two transactions can be performed in each month. Please Wait while comments are loading... Trending Now No North Korea missile will be capable of reaching US: President-elect Donald Trump Brazil drug gangs spark prison riot, 56 dead Oil prices rise as markets eye OPEC, non-OPEC production cuts Why Pema Khandu in Arunachal Pradesh is worthy inheritor of Gaya Ram legacy To treble capacity to 300 mn tonnes, provide global heft, Steel Ministry to hire expert ICICI Bank, others take SBI cue, slash MCLRs Steel Industry in India to face cheap import threat in near future; govt support critical Supreme Court cracks whip against BCCI, sacks Anurag Thakur, Ajay Shirke Myntra's sporty ad speaks to everyone, goes beyond vanilla variety e-commerce script Syrian rebels say they froze talks on Russian-backed peace conference due to ceasefire violations Unemployment allowance- Himachal Pradesh CM, PCC chief differ on the issue  EDITOR’S PICKS Sterling heads for strongest month in 8 years, hits nine-week high Demonetisation: Delhiites throng to petrol pumps, cooperative stores to use old notes Militants attack police station in Kupwara district Mumbai among world's top trending tourist spots for 2017 Spot pothole on Maharashtra highways and get Rs 1,000: PWD Minister Chandrakant Patil Hurricane Otto hits Nicaragua coast as quake shakes region Videos Netflix launches new horror series in LA Free wifi: a wolf in sheeps clothing? Delhi woman, teenager blame each other of rape in a hotel room 2016 Range Rover Discovery Sport Startech Exterior Interior Walk around 2016 Geneva Motor Show Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved. SECTIONS Home Markets Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story
TechRadar The source for Tech Buying Advice Search RSS Reviews How To Phones TVs Laptops Deals Photography More Car Tech Wearables Tablets Components Audiovisual Gaming Computing Downloads News Pro Trending Buying Guides iPhone 8 Nintendo Switch Samsung Galaxy S8 MacBook Pro CES 2017 iOS 10.2 News iPhone 8 Plus release date, news and rumors iPhone 8 Plus release date, news and rumors By James Peckham Mobile phones   Two large-screen iPhones? Shares Update: An edge-to-edge OLED screen with an embedded fingerprint scanner could be reserved for a premium "Ferrari" model, while long-distance wireless charging and innovative sensing technology could also feature. Next year will mark the tenth anniversary of the original iPhone. It has almost been 10 years since Steve Jobs walked out on stage and changed the way we use our mobile phones, so you can expect Apple to celebrate with major upgrades on the iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus. That stacks up with some of the rumors we're already hearing, which suggest the iPhone 8 Plus will see a lot of improvements. We’ve already had word that the iPhone 8 Plus may come in two different models, and heard rumors of it having a fully upgraded spec as well. The iPhone 7 Plus was even better than the iPhone 7, so we have high hopes for the iPhone 8 Plus. But will it even be called the iPhone 8 Plus, or are we going to get the iPhone 7S Plus? Apple’s usual naming convention suggests it will go for the iPhone 7S Plus, but the company may decide to use the tenth anniversary as an excuse to skip a generation, for a major upgrade in 2017. Read our in-depth reviews: iPhone 7 | iPhone 7 Plus Cut to the chase What is it? The next phablet iPhone When is it out? Probably September 2017, or maybe 2018 What will it cost? Lots and lots of money iPhone 8 Plus release date For the last few years Apple has announced new iPhones at the start of September, and then released the phone later in the month. That’s exactly when we’d expect the iPhone 8 Plus to launch in 2017. The only iPhone to not be launched in September in recent years is the iPhone SE, but we’d expect the iPhone 8 Plus to follow a year after the iPhone 7 Plus, which launched in September 2016. There’s also a chance this may be called the iPhone 7S Plus - in which case the handset called the iPhone 8 Plus won't be here until 2018.  Usually we'd expect Apple to introduce an S model the year after a new numbered phone, but this year a lot of rumors have suggested it may just jump straight to the iPhone 8 Plus. TechRadar’s take: September 2017 looks likely, but it may be called the iPhone 7S Plus instead of the iPhone 8 Plus. iPhone 8 Plus screen Hottest leaks: There will be two versions: one with an OLED screen and one LCD Some rumors suggest the screen size will increase It may even feature a foldable screen Apple may be making two versions of the iPhone 8 Plus in 2017, and the biggest difference between the two could be the screen technology each uses. A KGI Securities analyst has suggested that one version of the iPhone 8 Plus will come with an LCD screen (as is used by current Apple phones), while another will come with OLED. Rumor has it Apple wants to upgrade the screen technology to OLED on all of its iPhone models, but demand for the tech is too high at the moment for Apple to build enough OLED screens, so it may only do it on one version of the iPhone 8 Plus. It seems the curved OLED models may be sourced from Samsung, and could be made of plastic. Expect the OLED version of the iPhone 8 Plus to cost a little more than the LCD version. The lack of OLED stock may also mean this version of the Plus will be in higher demand. Supply chain sources claim the OLED handset will have an edge-to-edge screen with a fingerprint scanner embedded into it, and that this model is currently codenamed "Ferrari." Apple may also decide to up the size of the iPhone 8 Plus's screen. The iPhone Plus range has always had 5.5-inch screens, but one analyst believes the screen will be upped to 5.8-inches on the iPhone 8 Plus, as there’s now a demand for larger screen phones. It may be that Apple decides to keep this size jump just for the OLED version though, if it happens at all. It's also possible that we'll get a curved iPhone 8 Plus, in fact a recent rumor talks about a curved OLED screen, and one which could potentially have a higher-than-QHD resolution. There’s also the very, very slim chance Apple will be able to include a flexible screen on the iPhone 8 Plus.  Patently Apple has pointed out that the company patented the technology for a foldable iPhone a few years back, with the patent describing a screen that can fold in two, much like a book, but this hasn't been specifically linked to the iPhone 8 Plus.  TechRadar's take: It looks like the iPhone 8 Plus will come in two models. One will feature an OLED screen and another will feature an LCD display, but it's unlikely to change in size and we wouldn't count on curves. iPhone 8 Plus design Hottest leaks: A major change compared to previous models It'll still be a large phone, but one version may be glass instead of metal The Touch ID fingerprint scanner may be integrated into the screen One of the biggest criticisms of the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus was the fact that neither had a new design.  In fact, Apple handsets from the iPhone 6 Plus onward look largely the same, so there may be some big design changes coming on the iPhone 8 Plus. One analyst from China expects the biggest change in the design to be a move toward a curved glass back, rather than the metal used on other iPhone models. The CEO of the company that makes the iPhone’s metal casing has even said one model of the iPhone 8 “will adopt glass casing next year”.  It’d make sense for the most premium and expensive iPhone model to get the new material rather than the normal iPhone 8. Though it's also possible that all iPhone 8 models will get a glass back, according to analyst Ming-Chi Kuo. Another source has also suggested the phone will come with a “glass sandwich design”, so it may be that the iPhone 8 Plus looks quite a bit like the Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge. The other big rumored design change is dropping the Touch ID scanner from the iPhone 8 Plus. Some have rumored it would be integrated into the screen instead. But there's a chance we won't see much change to the design at all, with another source claiming the iPhone 7S Plus will look a lot like the iPhone 7 Plus, albeit with a new red color added to the mix. Either way, expect the iPhone 8 Plus to keep its waterproof build, as well as a 3.5mm headphone jack-less design. TechRadar's take: It's about time Apple changed up the design, and the iPhone's tenth anniversary is the perfect time to do it. iPhone 8 Plus camera and battery Hottest leaks: Optical image stabilization looks almost certain Expect a similar 7MP selfie shooter Wireless charging may finally come to the iPhone next year The camera was perhaps the biggest upgrade for the iPhone 7 Plus, so we’d expect to see a similar spec on the iPhone 8 Plus shooter.  Respected Chinese analyst Ming-Chi Kuo has suggested the dual-lens camera will remain limited to the Plus model, and that both lenses will benefit from optical image stabilization, where currently only the wide-angle lens features OIS on the iPhone 7 Plus. The iPhone 8 Plus may also get augmented reality features, allowing it to recognize objects and manipulate faces, as well as possibly supporting 3D effects. As for the front camera, we’d expect it to stay at the 7MP mark on the iPhone 8 Plus, as it was upgraded for the last phone, but there’s nothing in particular rumored yet for the selfie shooter. In terms of the battery size, there are no clear rumors for the iPhone 8 Plus.  The biggest upgrade for the phone may be the introduction of wireless charging technology, and not like you’ve seen on Android devices in the past. Apple has been rumored to be working on wireless charging tech that can work up to 15 feet away from the phone, or rather, Energous - a company working on the tech - is said to be collaborating with a "tier 1" smartphone maker.  That’s truly wireless charging – and while "tier 1" doesn't necessarily refer to Apple, BGR claims the company working on the tech has received an investment of $10 million from one of Apple's major suppliers, making Apple the obvious guess. Recently, it's also been revealed that a senior Apple employee has been hired by Energous, and that the company plans to release a product in time for the iPhone 8's launch. If Apple is working on this, and if it's ready for the iPhone 8 Plus, it would be a game changer feature that no other phone maker is currently capable of providing. Even if we don't get long-distance wireless charging, this might be the first iPhone with normal wireless charging, as according to a research note obtained by 9to5Mac all iPhone 8 models will have the feature. Although another leak suggests the phone won't have any kind of wireless charging. TechRadar's take: Look for a similar dual-lens camera, but with OIS for both lenses. Battery life improvements are possible, but don't count on long-distance wireless charging. iPhone 8 Plus OS and power  We’d expect iOS 11 to launch alongside the iPhone 8 Plus, but it’s currently uncertain what new features the software will bring. The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus both launched with upgraded A10 Fusion processors, so we’d expect a quad-core chip on the iPhone 8 Plus and it's likely to be called the A11 Fusion or even just A11. In terms of RAM, we’d expect the iPhone 8 Plus to come with 3GB or 4GB.  The iPhone 7 Plus has 3GB on board and the iPad Pro 12.9 packs 4GB, so with the iPhone 8 Plus Apple might up the RAM to 4GB. TechRadar's take: The iPhone 8 Plus will be the fastest Apple handset yet, with an A11 chip and at least 3GB of RAM. iPhone 8 Plus other features Hottest leaks: A Smart Connector for accessories? It may include an iris scanner or tech to stop thieves stealing your fingerprints New sensors to detect touch on more than just the screen Apple could make every side of the iPhone 8 Plus smart, by using new sensing technology to let the sides respond to a users touch - potentially allowing you to change the volume with a swipe along the edge and snap a photo with a tap. Though this sounds ambitious. One Apple patent shows off a detailed system to stop thieves being able to take your fingerprints from your Touch ID sensor – so that may be included on the iPhone 8 Plus. There’s also the chance the Smart Connector from the iPad Pro could launch on the iPhone 8 Plus.  The long rumored iPhone 7 Pro was meant to feature the Smart Connector, for accessories such as small keyboards, but Apple may be waiting to launch it on the iPhone 8 Plus instead. The final rumor for the iPhone 8 Plus is the addition of an iris scanner.  It’s a technology Samsung tried on its latest phablet – the Galaxy Note 7 – which allowed you to unlock your phone just by looking at it. A report out of China suggests Apple is investigating the technology, but right now it’s unclear whether the company will see fit to press ahead with a brand new way to unlock your phone. TechRadar's take: We doubt the iPhone 8 Plus will have an iris scanner or touch-sensitive sides, but a Smart Connector and improved fingerprint scanner are both distinct possibilities. iPhone 8 Plus price We’d expect a similar price for the iPhone 8 Plus as there was for the iPhone 7 Plus.  The 32GB model costs $769 (£719, AU$1,229), while the 128GB version costs $869 (£819, AU$1,419). If you want an even bigger 256GB version you have to spend $969 (£919, AU$1,569). In 2017 we may see an even more expensive iPhone 8 Plus with an OLED screen though, so don’t expect your next phablet to come cheap. TechRadar's take: The iPhone 8 Plus is sure to cost at least as much as the iPhone 7 Plus, and some versions may be even pricier. iPhone 8 release date, news and rumors Tags iPhone ABOUT THE AUTHOR James Peckham James is Phones, Wearables and Tablets writer for TechRadar and covers all the big announcements from the best manufacturers making gadgets for your palms, wrists and face. Based in London, James is often testing out the latest and greatest phones, smartwatches, VR headsets and - when he can be motivated to go outside - fitness bands. Be sure to follow him on Twitter for all the latest from the mobile world. Related news The best cheap PS4 deals for Christmas 2016 iPhone 8 release date, news and rumors Samsung Galaxy S8 could unleash new levels of power with a 'beast mode' Apple may be readying an edge-to-edge iPhone 7S See more Mobile phones news Load Comments Tech deals, prizes and latest news Get the best tech deals, reviews, product advice, competitions, unmissable tech news and more! No spam, we promise. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission. Most Popular Most Shared 1 CES 2017: What to expect at the massive Las Vegas tech show 2 Best Apple Watch apps for your smartwatch in 2016 3 Samsung Galaxy S8: release date and everything you should know 4 The 10 best 4K TVs of 2016 5 10 best wireless headphones available today 1 The 10 most disappointing games of 2016 2 Apple might have a plan to keep your AirPods in your ears 3 iOS 10.3 beta already? Here are the rumored iPhone and iPad features 4 Watch Tesla Autopilot mode predict and avoid a nasty car crash 5 The first LG G6 phone leak shows it’s back on the right path TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site. Terms and conditions Privacy policy Cookies policy Advertise with us © Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury, Bath BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.
iDownloadBlog Home Jailbreak How to Jailbreak Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Cydia Unlock How to Unlock Unlock News iPhone iPhone News iPhone 6s iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6 iPhone Photography iPad iPad News iPad Air iPad mini Watch Apple Watch Guide Mac Mac Mac Apps Mac Tips TV Apple TV guide Apps iOS Apps Mac Apps Widgets Best Apps App Finder Tips Tips How to Tutorial iPhone Photography Download Deals Daily Deals: $70 off Beyerdynamic headphones, 10 iTunes movies for $10, and... Happy New Year firework wallpapers The top stories of the week on iDB How to use AirPods like a pro   skip to main content skip to main menu     Apple, routers, external displays, and spreadsheets By Sébastien Page, Nov 22, 2016 Tweet 21 Comments For a while now I’ve had this sentiment that there is a growing lack of focus or care at Apple, which has led me to feel pretty concerned about some of the company’s decisions. Yet one thing is helping alleviate these concerns and it’s Apple’s recent decisions to discontinue two major product categories: its family of AirPort routers, and its Thunderbolt display business. To be fair, Apple hasn’t officially announced the discontinuation of any of these products. Yet Bloomberg felt confident enough running a story this week about the disbandment of AirPort routers, and Nilay Patel of The Verge mentioned in October that an Apple representative had told him the company was out of the display business. If you were a user of these products, then I can understand your frustration, but ultimately, I believe it to me a good thing for Apple. The reason is, Apple is not a router company. Neither is it a display company. So what kind of company is Apple then? The answer is written black on white at the bottom of each press release the company sends out: “Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, macOS, watchOS and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud.” Computers, operating systems to support these computers, and internet services. That’s what Apple is about these days. The fact that the company was making routers and external displays for so long was just a distraction for a company that already has more than enough on its plates. Arguably, it didn’t help that these two product categories probably weren’t big money makers for Apple. For instance, I don’t know anyone in my direct group of friends and family who ever owned an Apple router or monitor. It’s a very unscientific thing to say, but one that clearly highlights the fact that these products weren’t that popular to begin with. Now that some of these business units have been dismantled, Apple can focus on what it does best (or what it wants to be best at): computers, operating systems, and internet services. I’ve seen people argue that being one of the largest corporations in the world, Apple should be able to allocate resources to these business units. They could do that for sure. But the real question is why would they? Why would they keep directing resources towards products that aren’t part of their core business? Why would they keep putting money into products that aren’t successful, selling in significant numbers, and generating comfortable profit margins? Why would they assign human resources to negligible product lines when there is so much more important work to be done? There is absolutely no sane business reason for Apple to continue working on these products. Now I could also argue that because Apple is so big, it can afford to support products that don’t make money in order to please a small yet very loyal part of its customer base. As a matter of fact, I agree with that. Apple could keep making routers and displays, but it’s just not today’s Apple. Today’s Apple makes most of its decisions based on numbers and spreadsheets. Be it for the best or for the worst, this is the direction Apple is taking. I don’t always agree with Apple, but when it comes to these two recent decisions, I tend to see eye to eye with the folks in Cupertino. Focus on what’s really important to you, and abandon any other distraction. Share: Tweet Follow: Follow @iDownloadBlog We Recommend Apple’s officially out of standalone display business Next-gen Apple display with integrated graphics card reportedly remains in the works Thunderbolt Display won’t be refreshed at WWDC Updated Thunderbolt Display rumored to include 5K resolution and integrated GPU Related Topics AirPort, Apple, Business, Display, Opinion, Thunderbolt Display Dorian Moises Mattar So now, if someone had the $ and wanted their Apple desktop to look as good as the MacPro, they would have to settle for an ugly Dell Display? Seriously? and now people who can barely deal with a computer need to deal with routers? My entire network with the exception of a T-Mobil Router is Apple Stations, which are exponentially easier to set up than that T-Mobil Router. This is not a good move. They should be pushing to make their devices ever more sophisticated and affordable, so that the “Everything Apple” actually means something. Anonomous.TECH.man https://9to5mac.(DOT)/2016/11/04/opinion-apple-recipe-for-success-has-become-boring/amp/ Apple is kinda killing off unprofitable and time consuming businesses tbh it has grown to be boring Tim is starting to be a numbers man and I’m tired of it the repetitiveness not in thier line up but in feature cutting. Apple has the ability to do what ever they want to do but they don’t they amount of fragmentation throughout apple right now would have never been present under Steve Jobs. Also Apple could be doing so much more with workers right/conditions in thier factories etc. At least they do the green power and recycling yet all the ewaste from a the removal of the 3.5mm jack will create and the every year product cycle I still use Apple products and love my iPhone but I’m no longer a “sheep”. 5723alex . ..”could be doing so much more with workers right/conditions in thier factories etc..” Apple doesn’t have factories. Anonomous.TECH.man Really man, come on you know what I mean, Foxconn and all the thousand of suppliers Apple gets its parts from; even down to the miners who get the raw material/metal. There is a huge carbon footprint and so much that could be done. Apple does have a good energy program that a lot of tech companies don’t yet there is always more to be done. With the amount of money Apple makes on each phone better quality working conditions/worker treatment could be pushed through the industry. 5723alex . Apple isn’t and shouldn’t be responsible for workers conditions of their suppliers. Its the responsibility of local governments. Anonomous.TECH.man Definition of a sheep right here. Seriously how can one of the wealthiest companies in recent history not be held responsible for worker rights/treatment. You can’t put worker rights off on developing countries governments. 5723alex . Stupid response. Wealth of a company has nothing to do with suppliers working conditions. TechnoBuff It is a good move for the investors…. Make no mistake about it.. No company exists to make certain products at a loss so that its customer base can be happy… Every product line has to justify its existence. Only a small minority of Apple users buy Apple routers and displays as well.. Most Macbook users do not even have a secondary display and considering the price of those displays. Moreso the business of manufacturing displays is capital and resources intensive. raulortiz318 Sorry, but routers like Eero, Google Wifi, and others are more current, and easier to configure. On top of most cable modems now have the router built in, and most average user just uses the default network/password given to them. With displays, there are some nice options aesthetically. Although not for the new MacBook Pro, the Dell UP2715K is beautiful, thinner than a Thunderbolt Display, and has a much better adjustable stand. I love it, and my guess is they will upgrade this to a Thunderbolt 3 model within a year. Not everything you own has to be from Apple. Lots of great options out there. Dorian Moises Mattar I just checked out the Dell UP2715K, sorry, no match to even an iMac with all components inside. I’m sure apple would make a super thin display if they wanted to. Are the routers mentioned all show up in an app? That’s the advantage of the Apple routers, I have 5 of them and they all show up in one window. raulortiz318 These routers are set up through apps, so multiple units would appear in same window. They create mesh networks with little to no config on the user’s part, as they are to be used in packs of 2 or 3. I believe a pack of 2 eero’s is comparable to the price of one AirPort Extreme. Dorian Moises Mattar Do you have a link to those? burge And yet there is some rumour about a car project. Apple already make displays with the iMac range and it wouldn’t be a loss to make these just displays. Dorian Moises Mattar Exactly, I don’t see the logic behind this. How can it cost so much if they already make the iMac. I was waiting for thin displays at a price point comparable to Dell. How can Dell beat Apple at this? Christ just put the iMac’s display on a damn aluminum enclosure and your done! and there is nothing wrong with their routers, just keep making as much as they are sold. Apple is just going to join the rest of the losers. Tim is a cook. Sebastien Making and selling a display isn’t as simple as saying “let’s just turn this iMac into a monitor.” Some of the related cost involved in developing this product would be design, prototyping, engineering, software engineering, production, shipping, packaging, marketing, and much more. All these steps would take time away from Apple employees that could be focused on doing something more meaningful for Apple’s bottomline. burge Apple might actually sell more of these if they didn’t over price them to start with. At one point the Apple TV wasn’t popular but they stuck at it. Mark S Apple isn’t a headphone company either yet they market those. Anonomous.TECH.man Well they do own beats. EDIT: Im sorry they aren’t a headphone company ikshields Personally, as a musician, I’m distressed about the loss of the Airport Express with its stereo sound connection. This was a truly unique and useful product, and enabled me to go wireless with my home stereo, as well as send wireless music to any sound system easily on-the-go. Also, Apple was on its way to home automation, I thought. Aren’t these key parts of that system? It seems the bean counters are as shortsighted and unimaginative as ever. Steve Jobs would be punching someone in the face right now. cdlenfert I agree with this thought. My guess is that they’ll have to offer something that does wireless audio streaming at least. If it’s not a full fledged router like the Airport Express, at least something that lets you continue to do AirTunes (the precursor to Airplay). If they cut out the router part, maybe they could even get the pricing down to be competitive with the Chromecast Audio. I own 4 Airport expresses, and 1 Extreme and they all play very nice together. Before I got the extreme I used my ISPs router with built in Wifi and had constant drop outs of streaming audio, it just never worked reliably no matter how I configured the 3rd party router. There’s definitely been a benefit to me to using all Apple wireless network products. Ray Junior oh the nonsense spewed by those with limited historical perspective… Here’s a brief history for those who refuse to study: – apple invented the home computer – at a time when everyone said it wasn’t possible – they owned the entire market lock stock and barrel – almost 100% – steve jobs, the supposed “visionary”, had his head so firmly planted up his back side that he was more concerned with making pretty things that didn’t have upgrade slots than providing the world with what it wanted (and made it too expensive) – over time, apple’s marketshare sunk to under 2 percent (yes.. that’s two.. as in less than 3, after having previously had about 100%) – microsoft, as much as they suck (and they do), and pc manufacturers at large gave the people what they wanted: cheaper and more expandable computers. both soared to 98+% marketshare – apple, who previously had a HUGE cash horde, started sinking into bankruptcy, looked for a way out… so they put their hand in too many cookie dishes and were making absolutely every product on planet earth , trying to find something that would be a cash cow to keep the doors open (printers, PDA’s, monitors, ink, etc… ) – When steve jobs returned he nixed 99% of this stupidity and focused on 4 things intently: home desktop, business desktop, home laptop and business laptop – After creating this intense focus , which was wise, he re-introduced some key products that turned the mac experience into an actual experience: the staples of your computer environment… monitors, routers, keyboards, mice, etc… brilliant move. the point of that last move was not to try and be ridiculously profitable, but to create a seamless experience. and the REASON to make it this way was because of sinking marketshare – to induce pc users to switch, becuase your ENTIRE life got easier when you moved to mac. fast forward a bit and watch history repeat: – apple reinvents the smart phone – they owned the entire market lock stock and barrel – almost 100% – steve jobs, the supposed “visionary”, had his head so firmly planted up his back side that he was more concerned with making pretty things that didn’t have upgrade slots than providing the world with what it wanted (and made it too expensive) – over time, apple’s marketshare sunk to under 11.7 percent – google, as much as they suck (and they do), and phone manufacturers at large gave the people what they wanted: cheaper and more expandable devices. both soared to 87.6% marketshare – apple, now sitting on a cash horde, is doing what they did last time… not adjusting and will eventually have a cash issue as sales continue to dwindle. Forgetting the lessons of the past, and not caring about inducing pc/android users, apple nixes key pieces of the product experience. even worse… they have COMPLETELY alienated their pro customers. absolute idiocy – believe it or not, when it all collapses at apple (and it will), there is another steve jobs in the wings ready to save them.. scott forestall so… the dummies keep making the same mistake but even more telling is your inability to see how dangerous this move is…   Search Connect with iDownloadBlog Facebook Become a fan RSS Get the latest news YouTube Watch Us Twitter Stay up to date Newsletter News delivered to you Google+ Add us to your circle   The most recent headlines Apple Chinese New Year promo: free Beats Solo3 headphones with Mac or iPhone Resetting AirPods fixes charging case battery woes for some users Rumor: Apple seeding first iOS 10.3 beta on January 10 with new ‘Theatre’ mode Daily Deals: $70 off Beyerdynamic headphones, 10 iTunes movies for $10, and more Beautiful iPhone 7 photos show New Year’s Eve celebrations around the world   The latest jailbreak news Jailbreak tweaks of the week: CCLowPower, CCRecord, Evanesco, & more… CCLowPower adds a Low Power Mode toggle to Control Center ForceInPicture enables Picture in Picture mode on unsupported devices CCRecord: a tweak to quickly and easily record your iPhone screen Customize your iOS 10 Control Center toggle colors with Cream 2 and Creamless iDownloadBlog           iDownloadblog.com About About Advertise Contact Keep in Touch Twitter Facebook RSS Feed Newsletter Push Notifications Podcasts Let's Talk iOS Let's Talk Jailbreak Site Stuff Disclosure Privacy Policy   Copyright iDownloadBlog 2017. This website is not affiliated with Apple.
RSS   Free Trial Home   Advertise   About   Contact Subscribe   Sign In The Glasgow Courier - Serving Proudly As The Voice Of Valley County Since 1913 Reader Comments (0)  Print   Home News Opinion Obituaries Sports Calendar Classifieds & Real Estate Farm & Ranch Advertise By Dane Osen For the Courier  Soup's On at The Apple Trolley   November 23, 2016 | Volume 103/Number 47 James Walling / The Courier Joy Guttenberg and her mother-in-law Mary Jo pose at the Apple Trolley on Nov. 18. The Apple Trolley, located next to Crazy Woman Quilts in Glasgow's Plaid Square, is now offering soups to add to their menu of sweets and other snacks. Owner Joy Guttenberg is preparing the soups from scratch, and will be switching up the shop's menu from week to week. The idea came to Guttenberg while she was craving soup at work. She kept finding local eateries' stocks sold out Admitting jokingly that her decision to offer soup was out of selfishness, she recognized the opportunity to expand the shop's horizons and lure customers in with her delicious cooking. Guttenberg opened her business in the Flathead Valley nine years ago, first in the tourist town of Big Fork, and later relocating it to the city of Kalispell. The story of bringing her business to Glasgow is somewhat like a fairy tale of sorts. It begins with her coming to Glasgow for a hunting trip with friends Dan and Darcie Fast. The hunting trip was guided by Tim Guttenberg, whom Joy would eventually marry. Her initial thoughts of Glasgow were that it was cute town and friendly. After that initial trip, she decided to enter in the local AAUW bazaar with her candied apples. She prepared 250 apples for the bazaar and quickly sold out of them before noon, with several people asking her if she was going to start a business in Glasgow. Another friend in the area she was familiar with, Della Gardiner, helped her secure a spot to locate her shop, and she has remained in business in the area for the last six years. Guttenberg has had plenty of help from her family in operating her business. After opening in Glasgow, her mother managed the Kalispell store until retiring three years ago. At the Glasgow shop her husband Tim and step-son Chase often lend a helping hand, and her three-year-old son, Joel, is always there to greet and assist customers. The Apple Trolly also takes orders through their online shop, shipping delicious treats across the country and have even had treats sent to troops in the Middle East. To get your soup fix or to sooth your sugar tooth, visit the Apple Trolley located at 23 US Hwy. 2 East. The Apple Trolley is open Monday through Friday from 10:00 to 5:30, and on Saturday from 10:00 to 2:00. To place an order, call 406- 228-2915 or visit http://www.appletrolley.com. You might be interested in: Gianforte and Robinson Stop in Glasgow New Two Rivers Director Sets Sights on Downtown Victories for Trump, Zinke and Bullock Projected as Polls Close Generations of Service Continue in Glasgow Twlight at Northeast Montana Veterans Memorial Park, Nov. 2016   MOST POPULAR: Comments Viewed 1. Student Council Sponsors Re... 2. Third-Graders Construct Tur... 3. Ten Tasty Turkey Tidbits 4. Listen to the Quiet: Part 9 5. Speech and Drama Competes i... MOST POPULAR: Comments Viewed No comments have been posted Reader Comments (0) Log in to add your comment     The Glasgow Courier | 341 Third Avenue South, Glasgow, MT 59230 Ph: (406) 228-9301 | courier@nemont.net | www.glasgowcourier.com Content and information copyright 2016 Glasgow Courier, Inc. Powered by ROAR Online Publication Software © Copyright 2016 Lions Light Corp. — Software for newspapers & magazines Sitemap   Privacy   Terms of Use   Submit Content   Mobile Browser Rendered 11/22/2016 12:43
Tuesday, November 22, 2016 [Tweets] [Favorites] Understanding Apple’s Marginalization of the Mac Adam C. Engst: If you’ve been feeling as though Apple’s heart isn’t in moving the Mac forward these days, you’re not alone. The new MacBook Pro models have taken widespread criticism, Apple has provided no roadmap for the future of its desktop Macs, and most recently, the company eliminated the position of Product Manager of Automation Technologies, presumably seeing it as unnecessary. High-end creatives have despaired about Apple’s lack of attention to their needs, and the mood among many of the consultants and support professionals at last week’s MacTech Conference was downbeat. […] In spite the fact that it now employs 115,000 people and is the most valuable company in the world, Apple still thinks like a one-platform company. Now it’s all about iOS, and everything Apple does is designed to serve the single goal of selling more iPhones and iPads. […] Now that Apple’s primary task is to sell more iPhones, the company has little incentive to improve the Mac past the point that iOS developers need to run Xcode and macOS Server’s caching server effectively. Sure, the Mac business was worth $22.8 billion in revenues in 2016, which is far from chump change, but it’s nothing compared to the $192.8 billion of revenues generated by iOS and associated services. Two points that I would add: In Apple’s current functional organization, there is no vice president whose job it is to advocate for the Mac and its customers. This approach can potentially enable product integrations and reduce strategy tax problems, but I think it also led to the idea that, as Engst says, the Mac is but an accessory to the iOS platform. Like others, I am continuing to see problems with software quality, more particularly on the Mac. (One example from today: Mail’s smart mailboxes and searches keep breaking, fixed only by regular database and Spotlight rebuilds. I’ve actually excluded nearly everything except for Mail from Spotlight in an effort to make these rebuilds faster.) There are many possible reasons for these symptoms, but I think one is that the primacy of iOS has caused Apple to ship major macOS updates when the iOS hardware is ready rather than when the Mac software is ready. Lastly, I think a lot of the frustration from Mac users is that Apple deprioritized their needs yet saw fit to dedicate huge teams and resources to making $17,000 gold watches, automobiles, and original TV shows. So the decisions about the Mac are clearly not driven by a need to focus. Wade Cosgrove: After how many years does secrecy become patronizing? A simple acknowledgment of the Mac Pro/Mini would go a long way. Apple could either update or kill the Pro/Mini and both seem like equal possibilities. That’s your marketing message? John Gordon: I don’t think Mac users should switch, but I can’t recommend any newbies join MacShip. Previously: Apple Abandons Development of Wireless Routers, Thank You, Sal, New MacBook Pros and the State of the Mac. Update (2016-11-27): Matthew Yglesias (via Marco Arment): But this all raises a more fundamental question. If GE can build jet engines, tidal energy farms, freight rail data systems, mining equipment, and medical devices, how is it that the world’s most valuable company can’t find the time to make a full line of personal computers and PC peripherals alongside its market-leading smartphones and tablets? The answer goes back to Apple’s corporate structure, which, though fairly common for a startup, is extremely unusual for an enormous company. […] Of course, it might be hard to bring radical redesigns and breakthrough innovations to the Mac. But what existing Mac customers really want is something more basic: confidence that Apple will regularly update the Mac to incorporate new chips as they become standard in the rest of the computer industry. […] The upshot is that even though regularly updating desktop Macs should not be that difficult, objectively speaking, it tends not to happen in part because it’s not anyone’s job to make it happen. The functional organization values collaboration on top corporate priorities above all else, and that means basically everything comes ahead of desktop Macs. Nick Lockwood: So if Apple cannot maintain a functional structure at scale, and cannot be divisional without losing ability to innovate, what’s plan C? Harshil Shah: Sadly, can’t see any significant progress coming in this respect. If anything, it’s gonna get worse. Update (2016-12-01): Jean-Louis Gassée: On the surface the Mac appears to be thriving. If ‘Macintosh Inc.’ were an independent company, its $22.8B in revenue for Apple’s 2016 accounting year (which ended in September) would rank 123rd on the Fortune 500 list, not far below the likes of Time Warner, Halliburton, Northrop Grumman, and Raytheon[…] […] Instead of racing to the bottom as the market plummets, Apple appears to be taking the “high road”, in a sense: They’re taking refuge at the high end of the market by introducing new, more expensive MacBook Pros, with a visible differentiating feature, the Touch Bar. This is known, inelegantly, as milking a declining business, although you shouldn’t expect Apple to put it that way. John Gruber: I think it’s almost certainly true that if there were, say, a “Macintosh” division within Apple, that we’d see more frequent updates to all Mac hardware. That doesn’t mean Apple should change its structure, though — and in the long run, I don’t even think that would be good for the Macintosh. Apple’s functional structure is absolutely central to their success over the past 20 years. […] There are certainly growing pains with regard to Apple’s enormous size today. The iPhone’s extraordinary success creates a sort of gravity that has warped the company. But Apple ran into “can’t walk and chew gum” problems even when they were a much smaller company. Update (2016-12-09): Ken Segall: When the new Mac Pro was introduced in 2012, it felt like the type of radical departure Steve was known for. Combined with Phil Schiller’s famous “Can’t innovate, my ass” comment, it gave hope for the future. Unfortunately, the future never came for any of the Macs. When it finally arrived for MacBook Pro, it was at least a couple of years late. […] When updates between revolutions disappear, the result is bad press and restless customers — both of which are well earned. Apple Apple Mail Apple Software Quality Bug Business iOS Mac Mac mini Mac Pro Preview.app Spotlight 12 Comments 12 Comments Erik J. Barzeski November 22, 2016 3:07 PM They say the opposite of love is not hate, but apathy. Either put us out of our misery or give us hope. Total November 22, 2016 3:53 PM "In Apple’s current functional organization, there is no vice president whose job it is to advocate for the Mac and its customers" There's no one there to advocate for the iPhone or the iPad or the Watch or any of the products. Singling out the Mac as not having anyone is misleading. Lukas November 22, 2016 3:59 PM >Like others, I am continuing to see problems with software quality, more particularly on the Mac. I've had to do some stuff in the Finder the last few days. - Highlighting of hovered folders during drag-and-drop operation stopped working multiple times - The Finder sometimes took minutes to update changed directories, and unlike Windows, there's no Refresh button - At one point, sorting just stopped working; clicking on the headers changed the headers, but the sort order stayed the same - There's the odd problem where you can't copy files in a directory, and then also copy the parent directory, as if the Finder couldn't read the same file twice in parallel - Anything that's on networks continues to be excruciatingly slow, and any file operations on network drives often freezes the whole Finder for minutes. Never make the mistake of picking Get Info while a bunch of files on a network drive are selected - There seem to be multiple different, seemingly randomly picked "file/folder already exists in destination" dialogs, and they rarely offer the options I need (again, unlike Windows, where this stuff works much better) - When searching, there's no indication for whether the Finder is actually doing anything, so you never know if it's showing you all of the search results it's going to find - Same for simply loading folders; you can't tell the difference between an empty folder, and one that is still loading - Also, there's no way to just filter a window; all you can do is search, and that includes child folders And that's just off the top of my head. There was plenty of other poorly designed, flawed, or just plain broken crap. This is stuff that just works on Linux, and mostly works on Windows. None of this should be rocket science. Michael Tsai November 22, 2016 4:11 PM @Total iPhone doesn’t need an advocate, since it’s obviously the main focus of the company and brings in most of the money. It would be interesting to consider whether there should be an iPad advocate… @Lukas I run into little issues like this all through the day. I could probably have a full time volunteer job filing Radars. It didn’t use to be this way. Chucky November 22, 2016 4:50 PM This all makes perfect sense, and mirrors my thinking literally since late 2010. And one can understand why the bean-counters running Cupertino would approach things in this manner. But I continue to think it's a very short-sighted strategy that will hurt the brand in the medium-term, especially considering how little a bit more focus on the Mac would cost Cupertino in attention. (Not to mention that I don't think it'd lose them any money.) Alternatives… | Time.code() November 24, 2016 10:13 PM […] These choices suck, and I’m mad at Apple for leaving me in the lurch like this when I’m shopping for my fourteenth goddamn Mac. Michael Tsai put it so well: […] remmah November 27, 2016 8:15 PM By far my largest gripe with Sierra are the changes to scrolling for pointing devices with traditional scroll wheels. You used to be able to scroll a Terminal window one line at a time — or a PDF one page a time — by moving a single notch on a scroll wheel, but now it's all momentum-based and imprecise. It's all but impossible to scroll up a single line in Terminal with my Logitech trackball. Something that previously 'just worked', now broken and frustrating to no end. Another thing that's been getting on my nerves lately is Exposé. Once or twice a day, it either won't bring the window I clicked on to the front, or it will bring a random window from some other app to the front, even if that app wasn't in focus, even if I was using the 'application windows' command on a completely different app. As you say, Michael, it didn't use to be this way. remmah December 13, 2016 7:57 PM 10.12.2 fixes the scroll wheel issues at last. On the one hand, thank goodness. On the other hand, welcome to macOS, where your scroll wheel doesn't work properly for ~3 months out of the year... Michael Tsai December 13, 2016 8:12 PM @remmah The scroll wheel is still completely broken in PDFViews in third-party apps. remmah December 14, 2016 7:45 PM @Michael Alas, so it is. Also, if you have scrollbars set to Always show, Preview still opens a PDF in a window that's just too small for the size, making the scrollbars appear and defeating page-at-a-time scrolling until you resize it. Back in the Panther days, I remember being all excited about how nice Preview was for viewing PDFs. I know it's mostly nostalgia, but at least I was able to go about 3 months between reboots back then if I needed to. Michael Tsai - Blog - How Apple Alienated Mac Loyalists December 20, 2016 1:29 PM […] Previously: New MacBook Pros and the State of the Mac, Understanding Apple’s Marginalization of the Mac. […] Michael Tsai - Blog - Mac and iOS Trajectories December 28, 2016 2:20 PM […] How Apple Alienated Mac Loyalists, Understanding Apple’s Marginalization of the Mac, iOS Lacks a Document Filing […] Stay up-to-date by subscribing to the Comments RSS Feed for this post. Leave a Comment Name E-mail (will not be published) Web site ←  → Blog Archives Tag Cloud RSS RSS Comments Trackback Try my apps: DropDMG EagleFiler SpamSieve Copyright © 2000–2016 Michael Tsai.
mirrorLoad mobile navigation News UK News World News Weird News Crime Real Life Stories Health MotoringExpand Politics Sport Football Formula 1 Boxing Cricket Horse Racing Row Zed Rugby Union Other Sports Athletics Cycling Darts MMA WrestlingExpandExpand Football Celebs Celebrity News US Gossip Fashion & Beauty Weird Celeb NewsExpand TV & Film Weird News Technology Money Travel Fashion Mums Quizzes Got a Story? Sign in My Account Sign Out facebook twitter pinterest instagram Offers Fantasy Bingo Dating Jobs BuySell Competitions Horoscopes Psychic Cartoons Crosswords BuySell Find a job Find a home Find a new home Find a local business About Us Contact Us Follow Us Sell Your Story How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Statement Cookie Policy Terms and Conditions Paper Subscription to the Daily Mirror Paper Subscription to the Sunday Mirror Irish Mirror © 2016 MGN Limited Home Technology Black Friday Technology Best Black Friday tech deals 2016: Our pick of the top UK offers on gadgets, gaming and consumer electronics Black Friday takes place on November 25 - here are some of this year's best tech bargains  Share  Comments BySophie Curtis 16:43, 25 NOV 2016 Updated16:43, 25 NOV 2016 Technology Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to playTap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Watch NextTake a look at Hatchimals the must have toy this Watch this video again Watch Next Black Friday is coming...0:40 Is Christmas shopping a lot more stressful than i2:31 Vicious fight between three women at Manchester A0:55 Istanbul gunman suspect smirks in sinister selfie0:45 Reveller films moments before Istanbul NYE nightc0:52 Brazil riot leaves 60 dead including multiple dec1:14 Why Do We Talk In Our Sleep?3:35 Video will play in Black Friday Cyber Monday savings tips and tricks Share this video Watch Next  Share  Comments Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing!Could not subscribe, try again laterInvalid Email The biggest shopping day of the year is almost upon us, with British consumers expected to splash out a record-breaking £4 billion over the "Black Friday" weekend. Technology is expected to be one of the biggest sellers on Black Friday, with hundreds of retailers slashing the price of TVs, phones, laptops, games consoles and appliances on November 25. Finding the best deals usually means hunting around and comparing prices from different retailers on the day, but a number of high street chains have kicked off their sales early this year. While there are way too many deals to lists them all here, we've gathered together a few of the best that have caught our eye. Samsung 50-inch 4K TV Super-sized TVs featuring the latest 4K technology are set to be a big hit this Christmas. The Samsung 50-inch 50KU6020 4K TV is on offer at Currys PC World for £449, down from £649 - a saving of £200. Read More Best Black Friday TV deals 2016: Where to find the best deals ahead of the biggest shopping event of the year Microsoft Surface Pro 4 (Photo: Microsoft) Microsoft's Surface Pro 4 is so much more than just a tablet - it's a capable laptop replacement that will serve you well whether you're looking for a work tool, entertainment system or creative assistant. Currys PC World has a great deal on the 128GB Surface Pro 4 with detachable keyboard cover for £729, down from £958 – a saving of £229. Read More Best Black Friday laptop deals: How to find offers on everything from Apple Macbooks to the Surface Pro Fitbit Flex Fitbit recently brought out a new version of its Flex wireless activity tracker and sleep wristband, but that doesn't mean the original isn't still an excellent device, helping to motivate even the laziest of people. Amazon has slashed the price of the original Fitbit Flex from £79.99 to £39.99 for Black Friday - a saving of £30. Read More Amazon Black Friday 2016 best deals: Online giant to spread sales bonanza over TWO weeks - and it starts Monday Apple iPhone 6s It may be a year old now, but the iPhone 6s is still a solid smartphone, and will cost you a lot less than Apple's latest iPhone 7 model. It even has a headphone jack! For £59.99 up-front and £28 per month, you can get the 32GB iPhone 6s with 500MB of data from Carphone Warehouse - a saving of £200. Read More Carphone Warehouse launches Black Friday deals: 5 best mobile phone offers including £200 off iPhone 6S Kindle Paperwhite The Kindle Paperwhite is Amazon's most popular Kindle. It has a high-resolution 300 ppi display and reads like real paper, making it perfect for bookworms. For Black Friday, Amazon is offering £30 off, bringing the price down from £109.99 to £79.99 - the cheapest the product has ever been. HP laptop If you want an everyday laptop for work and play, HP's 15.6-inch 15-ay167sa is a solid option. It runs Windows 10 and boasts an Intel Core i5 processor, 8GB RAM, 1TB storage, and up to 8 hours battery life. Currys PC World is offering a special Black Friday price of £399, down from £599.99 - an impressive saving of £200.99. Read More Best smartphone deals for Black Friday 2016 - the top bargains on iPhone and Android phones Apple iPad Pro Apple's iPad remains a firm favourite among tablet users, and the new 9.7-inch iPad Pro is its fastest, most powerful iPad ever thanks to its 64-bit A9X chip. John Lewis has knocked £50 off the cost of the 9.7-inch iPad Pro for Black Friday, listing it at £499, down from £549. Google Chromecast It's one of the best-value gadgets you can get for turning your dumb TV into a smart TV. Just plug it into the back of your set and you can cast programmes from BBC iPlayer, All 4, Netflix and NOW TV, or mirror your Android phone screen or Chrome browser. It was never that expensive to begin with, but Currys PC World is knocking off £12 for Black Friday, bringing the price down from £30 to £18. Read More Currys PC World Black Friday 2016: Retailer launch 'biggest ever black tag event' on Samsung, Dyson, Hotpoint and more top brands PlayStation 4 with games bundle If you're buying a Playstation bundle, you should really make a choice based on what games you like, but one of the best value Black Friday deals we've seen is from Very. The 1TB console comes with Uncharted 4: A Thief's End (certificate 18), Ratchet & Clank (cert. 7) and DriveClub (cert. 3), and costs £249.99, down from £379.97 - that's a saving of £129.98. Read More Where to find the best Playstation deals online on Black Friday 2016 Apple MacBook Air Apple's MacBook Air is still one of its most popular laptops, combining high performance with a slim frame that makes it ultra portable. For Black Friday, LaptopsDirect is selling a 13.3-inch MacBook Air with an Intel Core i5 processor and 128GB of storage for £879, down from £949 - a saving of £70. Read More Apple Black Friday 2016 deals: Best discounts and how to save on iPhones, MacBooks, iPads and more in the sales Roberts DAB radio Roberts' iconic 1950's vintage-style radios are always popular Christmas presents. They are available in a wide range of stylish colours, including new Fuchsia and Cobalt Blue, and feature the latest DAB technology. Roberts is offering 20% off its entire Revival range - including its top-seller, the Revival RD60, which now costs £144, down from £180. HTC Vive From Black Friday though to Cyber Monday, HTC is offering £100 off its Vive virtual reality headset, as well as free shipping, bringing the cost down from £759 to £659. The deal also applies to the HP Vive Bundle, which combines a VR-ready HP Envy 750 laptop and the full Vive system for £1,399, down from £1,499. Read More GAME Black Friday deals 2016: The best Xbox and PS4 console and games deals to expect De Longhi espresso machine If you can't get through the day without regular caffeine injections, it might be time to invest in an espresso coffee machine. The Icona Micalite from De Longhi is suitable for both ground coffee and pods, and boasts a cappuccino system as well as a cup warming plate. Appliances Direct has slashed the price of the machine by 50% for Black Friday, meaning you can now pick one up for £99.97, down from £199.97. DJI Phantom 3 drone DJI is one of the world's biggest drone makers, and is offering discounts across its range on Black Friday - including on its Phantom 3 Standard drone, which is the most suitable for first time drone ownerr. On Friday November 25 only, DJI will be selling the Phantom 3 Standard drone for £449, down from £509 - a saving of £60. Nutribullet Nutribullet's super-powerful Pro 900 Series NBLP9 Blender is great for liquefying fruit and veg, including seeds, stems and tough skins, giving you a fast and easy way to get your five a day. Currys PC World has knocked £25.00 off the popular kitchen gadget for Black Friday, meaning you can now get it for £74.99 rather than £99.99. Read More Top 10 Nutribullet deals for Black Friday 2016? Xbox One S with games bundle The Xbox One S is the slimmed-down version of Microsoft's popular Xbox One console, featuring 4K Blu-ray, 4K video streaming and High Dynamic Range. This deal from Game includes a 500GB Xbox One S console, a full game download of FIFA 17, as well as Forza Horizon 3, Tomb Raider and a two-month NOW TV Sky Cinema Pass for the very reasonable price of £229.99 - a saving of over £100. Check out our handy guide on the best Game Black Friday deals. Read More GAME Black Friday deals 2016: The best Xbox and PS4 console and games deals to expect Dyson cordless vacuum cleaner Dyson is known the world over as a market leader in vacuum cleaners, and its V6 Flexi Cordless Handstick Vacuum Cleaner has received almost universally positive reviews. For Black Friday, Argos is offering an amazing £130 off, bringing the price down from £319.99 to £189.99. Read More Argos Black Friday 2016: High street chain to launch 13 DAYS of deals in bid to rival Amazon Sony 43-inch 4K TV Sony's Bravia range of TVs have a great reputation, and for people who don't want the TV to dominate their living room, a 43-inch display is an ideal size. The Bravia 43XD8077/8099 has a 4K HDR display, runs Android, and is available at John Lewis for £579, down from £689 - a saving of £110. Amazon Echo The Amazon Echo, a voice-controlled virtual assistant (Photo: PA) Amazon Echo is a smart speaker that uses Amazon's voice assistant, Alexa, to play music, control smart home devices, provide information, read the news, set alarms and more. It's expected to be a big seller this Christmas and, for Black Friday, Amazon has knocked £30 off the the device, bringing the cost down from £149.99 to £119.99. The smaller Echo Dot has also been reduced from £49.99 to £39.99. Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare Featuring a slew of new multi-player features and a campaign starring Kit Harrington, Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare is bound to be on a lot of Christmas lists this year. Despite only being out for a few weeks, Tesco is offering a special Black Friday discount of £17 on the Xbox One version of the game, bringing the cost down from £46 to £29 - bargain! (You must be 18 or over to buy this item). Read More Where to find the best Xbox deals for Black Friday 2016 as the countdown begins, including bundles with Xbox games Oral-B electric toothbrush It may not seem like the most glamorous Black Friday purchase, but with all the sweet treats you're bound to be consuming over Christmas, you'll be wanting to clean your teeth regularly. Luckily, Superdrug has has reduced the cost of its Oral-B Smart Series 4000 3D White Electric Toothbrush from £119.99 to £59.97 - an impressive saving of £60.02. Read More Superdrug Black Friday deals: High street chain promises week of deals and price cuts for bargain hunters Braun electric shaver There are some amazing discounts on electric shavers for Black Friday, but one of the best we've seen is the Braun Series 7 790cc-4 Men's Electric Foil Shaver, which comes with three personalisation modes and an automatic clean and charge system. Normally £299.99, Amazon has reduced the price to a very reasonable £99.99 for Black Friday, so no one has an excuse not to be clean shaven on Christmas Day. Read More Best smartphone deals for Black Friday 2016 - the top bargains on iPhone and Android phones Philips wireless noise-cancelling headphones With smartphone makers including Apple starting to remove the traditional headphone socket from their devices, it might be time to invest in a good pair of wireless headphones. These ones from Philips feature active noise cancelling technology, which reduces noise by up to 97%, and are available from Argos for £34.99 down from £89.99 - a saving of £55. Read More Black Friday 2016 weekend Deals Best Black Friday Deals Amazon Argos Currys PC World Tesco John Lewis Boots Sainsbury's Debenhams eBay House of Fraser River Island Topshop ASOS New Look Very Marks and Spencer GAME Morrisons The Body Shop Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Daily Newsletter Follow @MirrorTech Subscribe to our Daily newsletterEnter emailSubscribe Comments Show more comments More On Microsoft Black Friday Microsoft Surface tech all Most Read Most Recent Samsung GalaxySamsung Galaxy S8: UK price, release date, specs and rumours about 2017's first big smartphone launch The Samsung Galaxy S8 could be unveiled at February's Mobile World Congress event - here's what we know about it so far iPhone 8iPhone 8: Release date, price, rumours and news about Apple's 2017 iPhone Apple only just launched its iPhone 7 a few months ago, but many eyes are already turning to next year's model, the iPhone 8, which is expected to be Apple's biggest launch in years Wearable technologyBest fitness trackers and bands for under £100: Fitbit, Garmin, Misfit, Jawbone and more Kickstart your New Year's resolution in 2017 with these budget belly busters that can track your steps, calories burned and even heart rate WhatsAppWhatsApp to stop running on MILLIONS of smartphones as 2016 ends - find out if you're affected The messaging platform will stop working on older phones as it keeps pace with changing technology Samsung GalaxySamsung unveils first new smartphones since exploding Galaxy Note 7 fiasco Water resistant, with a powerful camera and sleek design - here's the first look at the Galaxy A3 and A5 MarsNASA reveals amazing Mars 'Ice Home' concept for astronauts living on the Red Planet The inflatable igloo-like structures provide protection from dangerous galactic cosmic rays CESCES 2017: 5G and artificial intelligence take centre stage at world's biggest technology show The world's biggest technology showcase kicks off in Las Vegas on 5 January 2017. Here's everything we know about what will be happening including a schedule of key events Wearable technologyBest fitness trackers and bands for under £100: Fitbit, Garmin, Misfit, Jawbone and more Kickstart your New Year's resolution in 2017 with these budget belly busters that can track your steps, calories burned and even heart rate Samsung GalaxySamsung Galaxy S8: UK price, release date, specs and rumours about 2017's first big smartphone launch The Samsung Galaxy S8 could be unveiled at February's Mobile World Congress event - here's what we know about it so far iPhone 8iPhone 8: Release date, price, rumours and news about Apple's 2017 iPhone Apple only just launched its iPhone 7 a few months ago, but many eyes are already turning to next year's model, the iPhone 8, which is expected to be Apple's biggest launch in years Most Read Most Recent George MichaelGeorge Michael's lover slept in his CAR as the singer died alone at home Fadi Fawaz, who found George dead on Christmas morning, said: “I fell asleep in my car and I never saw him that night" as the final hours of the pop legend were revealed CancerChillies could help beat cancer as research finds capsaicin destroys diseased cells The active ingredient that gives chillies their kick can surround cancer cells and kill them off, scientists say, which could help develop a cure for cancer Mariah CareyEmbarrassed Mariah Carey 'launches her own investigation into disastrous NYE lip-sync performance after blaming sabotage' The pop diva wants to get to the bottom of what exactly happened as she refuses to take any blame EastEndersHow did Ronnie and Roxy Mitchell actually drown? The EastEnders sisters' deaths explained Viewers of the BBC soap were confused as to why Rita Simons' character couldn't get out of the pool PoliceFirst pictures of married British couple found hanged and blindfolded in Cambodia flat with 'suicide note' Robert Wells, 36, and his wife Imogen Goldie, 28, were living in the seaside town of Sihanoukville, southern Cambodia TwinsTwins born in separate years thanks to unexpected New Year's Eve arrival Sawyer and Everett Shay will share a unique bond for th rest of their lives - but not the same birthday Angelina JolieAngelina Jolie looks happy and healthy with kids as they celebrate New Year on slopes without Brad Pitt The family were seen enjoying themselves while on a ski break after ringing in 2017. New Year's honoursOutrage as last Dambuster ignored in New Year's honours but Cameron's cronies rewarded George 'Johnny' Johnson, 94, ignored while Tory donors given accolades George Michael deadGeorge Michael's pals question if singer was actually still with boyfriend Fadi Fawaz amid split claims before tragic death The photographer discovered the icon dead on Christmas Day PDC World Championship'Fan' who invaded stage at World Darts Championship final is internet prankster with notorious Trollstation group Lee Marshall, aka Disco Boy, has been identified as the man who ran on stage and lifted the Sid Waddell trophy Top Stories TV NewsThe Jump 2017 line-up revealed: Bradley Wiggins, Lydia Bright and Louis Smith among names confirmed for 'cursed' show There's a whole lot of famous faces in this year's batch of celebrities - but can they all survive without breaking anything? New Year's honoursOutrage as last Dambuster ignored in New Year's honours but Cameron's cronies rewarded George 'Johnny' Johnson, 94, ignored while Tory donors given accolades HospitalsFour children die and six people rushed to hospital after being poisoned by pesticide gas cloud One of the home’s occupants had recently fumigated the home, then reportedly tried to crawl under it to wash away pesticides, triggering the chemical reaction TerrorismIstanbul nightclub shooting suspect smirks in sinister video selfie before 39 killed in ISIS massacre The suspect stares into the lens as he films himself in a busy shopping street in Istanbul before an ISIS killer massacred dozens on New Year's Eve Istanbul nightclub attackYoung woman tells how she escaped ISIS gunman who murdered her friend and 38 others in Istanbul nightclub Natasha Volnova was celebrating New Year when the ISIS terrorist stormed into the exclusive waterside club with an AK-47 and sprayed almost 200 bullets RailwaysAll on board the gravy train - rail firms’ £3.5billion profit despite passengers’ fury at dire service The huge profits raked in by rail firms are used to pay fatcat wages and dividends as passengers have to deal with overcrowding and delays Nigel FarageNigel Farage aide faces 20 years in prison after admitting fraud charge George Cottrell, who ran the former Ukip leader's private office, was caught posing as a money launderer in a bid to rip off drug smugglers TerrorismTerror attack training for all teachers amid fears that schools and colleges could be targeted by fanatics The training comes after a 2012 attack in France by Mohamed Merah, a jihadist who killed three children and a teacher outside a Jewish school in south-western France SyriaBritish chef killed after travelling to Syria with no military experience to fight ISIS Ryan Lock, 20, from Chichester, West Sussex, had told his family he was going on holiday before revealing in a Facebook post he was heading to the war-torn country Shane MacGowanHeartbroken Shane MacGowan breaks silence after mother's tragic death in car crash on New Year's Day The Pogues frontman has thanked his fans for support and kind words following his loss as police appeal for witnesses SchoolsTeenage boy with heart condition which leaves him tired and dizzy 'written off by school as lazy' Thomas Wynne was diagnosed with dilated cardiomyopathy and had surgery to correct an irregular heartbeat but is still trying to build his strength The VoiceTom Jones says BBC bosses gave him a 'kick him in the b******s' by sacking him from The Voice The showbiz veteran - now back on the show with ITV - claims he was treated better working in factories after being fired with a day's notice News Politics Football Sport Celebs TV & Film Weird News Quizzes Technology Money Travel Fashion Mums Motoring Follow us facebook twitter pinterest instagram BuySell Find a job Find a home Find a new home Find a local business About Us Contact Us Follow Us Sell Your Story How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Statement Cookie Policy Terms and Conditions Paper Subscription to the Daily Mirror Paper Subscription to the Sunday Mirror Irish Mirror © 2016 MGN Limited This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here.Close cookie policy overlay
This website requires Javascript to run correctly. Click here for help enabling it The New Zealand Herald 4:10pm Tue 3 January Network   ° 0 / ° 0   Loading… Help & Support The New Zealand Herald Bay of Plenty Times Hawke's Bay Today The Rotorua Daily Post The Northern Advocate Wanganui Chronicle Manawatu Guardian Kapiti News Hamilton News The Aucklander The Northland Age Stratford Press Herald Rugby Viva Dream Team Bite True Commercial Newspix Driven The Country Chinese NZ Herald nzherald.co.nz submit Navigation Home National National Insights NZ Herald Focus Education Crime Environment Politics Weather Opinion Maori Employment Quizzes Health Local Focus Opinion Opinion Financial Your Views Media Blogs Cartoons Living in NZ Editorial Travel Political Business Business Personal Finance Small Business Work Life Around NZ Our Experts Economy Deloitte 200 Industries Toolbox Property Tech Tech ICT News Internet Science Computers Wired Mobile Space Gadgets Innovation World World South America Videos Europe Climate Middle East Australia Africa Pacific Disasters Asia Strange but True USA Photos Sport Sport Golf Rugby Boxing Cricket Motorsport League Racing Football More Sport Basketball Live Scores Tennis Dream Team Entertainment Entertainment Music Spy Games Celebrity Culture Reviews What's on Video Sideswipe TV Puzzles Movies Horoscope Lifestyle Lifestyle Parenting Health & Wellbeing Design & Garden Food & Drink Viva Fashion & Beauty Canvas Relationships Pets & Animals Travel Travel International New Zealand Cruises NZ Walks Tips Australia Accommodation Pacific Discover America Rural Motoring Motoring Driven Property Property Residential Property Herald Homes True Commercial Classifieds Classifieds Public Notices True Commercial Businesses for Sale Motoring Sub Navigation Business Small Business Around NZ Economy Global Trade Retail Trade Industries Property Property News Businesses for Sale Herald Commercial Property Personal Finance Work Life Our Experts Deloitte 200 Toolbox Apple is replacing the batteries in iPhone 6S models that randomly shut off By Hayley Tsukayama 8:19 AM Wednesday Nov 23, 2016 SHARE: Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Not saved Email Print Apple Apple Inc Mobile Phones Personal Media Devices Technology iPhone & iPad Only iPhone 6S phones made between September and October 2015 are included. Photo / Jason Oxenham Is your iPhone 6S randomly shutting down? Apple may owe you a new battery. The company said this week in a post on its website that some iPhone 6S owners are eligible for a free battery replacement because their phones unexpectedly cut their power even when they have enough charge. Apple did not offer many details on why the phones are shutting down, except to say that the problem is "not a safety issue" and that it affects a "very small number" of phones. READ MORE: • Apple set to fix iPhone 'touch disease' A look at Apple's support forums suggests that people have been reporting similar problems since at least 2015; users said their phones shut off and could not be restarted until they were plugged in again. The replacement program was announced shortly after a state-approved consumer-protection group in China - a key market for Apple - asked the iPhone maker to address reports that some phones shut off even when their indicators said the phones were charged more than halfway. The Chinese Consumers Association said the issue affected the iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6S, the Wall Street Journal reported. Only iPhone 6S phones made between September and October 2015 are included in the program. Smartphone owners who have been having this problem should take their phones to an Apple Store or authorized repair shops to get the official replacement. And users should know: If there are other problems with the phone, such as a cracked screen, Apple will replace the battery free only if you fix (and pay for) those repairs first. The company said other problems with the phone can make it harder to replace the battery. If you have already had your battery replaced because of this problem, you can contact Apple's support team and ask for a refund. Apple launched another replacement program last week after acknowledging that some of its iPhone 6 Plus models had what consumers have called "touch disease" - a long-standing issue in which an iPhone's screen becomes unresponsive. But Apple did not offer a free fix for that problem, which the company said is caused by users' dropping their phones repeatedly. Apple is facing a lawsuit over the "touch disease" issue. - Washington Post By Hayley Tsukayama Email Print Get the news delivered straight to your inbox Receive the day’s news, sport and entertainment in our daily email newsletter SIGN UP NOW Loading Currency Compare and convert world currencies. Discover more Loading Loading Herald Services Book your ad Driven Photos for sale True Commercial Death Notices Public Notices Our Regional News Stories The Northern Advocate Two die walking on Northland roads The man who died while walking home from a New Year's eve party at Kerikeri has been… Hawke's Bay Today Music makes me happy ... and hungry I think (and I hope) there is one common factor in all of our lives that has, at some… Bay of Plenty Times Keeping popular in politics - or trying to Most of us are aware, if only vaguely, of public opinion polls. They pop up on the television… Our Features' Top Stories Driven R35 GT-R pilot eyes D1NZ title as round two approaches Former national drifting champion in search of second title with new machine... Viva New year, new you! Tips for starting 2017 right Dr Libby Weaver, Kirsty Godso, Art Green and more share their easy wellbeing tips for… True Commercial Immigration boosts commercial property demand The commercial property market continues its strong performance More from us Social and Platforms Facebook Twitter Google+ Youtube Instagram RSS Email Mobile Contact the site Contact the newsroom - newspaper Contact the newsroom - digital Send pics, video and tips Help & Support Feedback Advertising Advertise with NZME. Print advertising Online Classified advertising Other Photo sales Subscriber services Promotions Sponsorship About us Our publications Search Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Competition Terms & Conditions View on our: Mobile Site © Copyright 2017, NZME. Publishing Limited Assembled by: (static) on production apcf05 at 03 Jan 2017 16:10:01 Processing Time: 1082ms
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Corporate Samsung Gear S3 Review: This is the smartwatch of the future we’ve been waiting for… [Video] Trending in Google Corporate NOOK Tablet 7″ Review: Easily the best $50 tablet you can buy this year Trending in Google Corporate Lenovo Phab2 Pro Review: Tango is impressive and awesome, but this device isn’t for everyone [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Opinion: Google’s ‘Magic Minute’ marketing campaign simply highlights that Android Wear is practically useless Trending in Google Corporate Google Wifi Review: A great user-friendly router for your home, even if you buy just one Trending in Google Corporate 9to5Google Gift Guide: These are five affordable Android phone deals to grab this holiday season November 22, 2016 GOOG: 768.27 -0.93 9to5Toys Lunch Break: Nest Thermostat $200, Seagate 2TB Portable HDD $70, Beats Solo3 Wireless Headphones $200, more Stephen Hall - 1 month ago @hallstephenj Android 9to5Toys 9to5Toys Lunch Break View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Keep up with the best gear and deals on the web by signing up for the 9to5Toys Newsletter. Also, be sure to check us out on: Twitter, RSS Feed, Facebook, Google+ and Safari push notifications. TODAY’S CAN’T MISS DEALS: Best Buy Early Access Black Friday Sale: Nest Thermostat $200, Apple deals, Samsung 28-inch 4K Monitor $250, more Perfect for Time Machine! Seagate’s 2TB Backup Plus Slim USB 3.0 Portable Hard Drive is matching its all-time low Amazon price: $70 shipped Grab the WD My Passport Ultra 1TB Portable Hard Drive for $48 + 3TB Toshiba portable for $80 shipped The new Beats Solo3 Wireless Headphones hit $200 shipped in this doorbuster deal Best of Black Friday – Apple: iPad Pro 9.7-inch from $449, Apple Watch Series 1 $198, iPhone 7/Plus w/ $250 GC, more Best of Black Friday – Media Streamers: Apple TV 64GB $160, more Best of Black Friday – Home: Nest Smart Thermostat/Cam $50 off, more Best of Black Friday 2016 – TVs: Samsung 50″ 4K Smart $398, Toshiba 49″ 4K w/ Chromecast $200, more Best of Black Friday 2016 – Gaming: PS4/Xbox One console bundles + $75 GC or add-ons, New Releases from $25, more Black Friday 2016: Walmart unveils its plans for Cyber Week 2016: Google Home $99, VIZIO 50-inch 4K UHDTV w/ SmartCast $380, more Best Buy Black Friday 2016: Apple Watch Series 1 $219, iPad Air 2 $275, iTunes GC, 49-inch 4K UHDTV w/ Chromecast $200, more Amazon’s month long Black Friday event starts today, get a sneak peek at some of the best upcoming deals Walmart’s Black Friday 2016 Ad: iPhone 7 + $250 GC, iPad Mini 2 32GB $199, 55-inch 4K UHDTV $298, much more Target Black Friday 2016: iPad Pro $150 off, iPhone 7 + $250 GC, Xbox One + $40 GC, iTunes, Beats headphones, much more eBay Black Friday Sneak Peek: iPad Pro $150 off, iMac 5K $400 off, more Final Fantasy Tactics War of the Lions for iOS hits its all time-low: $4 (Reg. up to $16) App Store Free App of the Week: Tayasui Pro realistic painting and sketching (Reg. $5) Call of Duty iOS sale: Strike Team, Zombies & Black Ops Zombies down to $2 each Review: DJI’s OSMO+ makes your videos look beautiful with professional-grade stabilization [Video] MORE NEW GEAR FROM TODAY:   Protect your gear and keep it running during power outages: APC Back-UPS 450VA System $28 shipped (Reg. $50) Night Light with Dual USB Wall Plate Charger $13, more Sony’s Ultra-Slim Soundbar w/ Wireless Subwoofer is a great buy at $198 Enjoy two months of Hulu Plus for free with this deal ($16 value) Mr. Beams wireless LED spotlights are on sale for $20 (Reg. $30) iClever Surge Protector w/ 4 USB ports $12, iPhone 6 Case $12, more Dyson DC59 Cordless Animal Stick/Hand Vacuum hybrid for $250 (Orig. $500) Get two-day shipping w/ a free six-month ShopRunner Membership Meguiar’s Complete Car Care Kit for $40 Prime shipped (Reg. $50), more Best Buy is offering $125 off iPad mini 4 Wi-Fi: 32GB $275, more 13-inch MacBook Pro w/o Touch Bar up to $200 off (tax in NY only) MORE DEALS STILL LIVE: Apple is getting rid of its Airport Extreme, get a better router for $59 shipped Your Apple Watch would love to charge on Twelve South’s Aluminum HiRise Dock: $25 Prime shipped (Reg. $40+) Linksys DOCSIS 3.0 Cable Modem for $20\ Kindle E-reader Black Friday prices starting at $50 Smart light switches: TP-LINK $30 or GE w/ Dimmer $33 Logitech’s Circle Wireless 1080p Security Camera $130 Roku’s latest Streaming Stick $35 Seagate Backup Plus 8TB External Hard Drive: $180 Samsung 37-inch 2.1-ch 120W Bluetooth Soundbar for $83 Huawei Smart Watches for Android and iPhone: $200, more LG G5 Smartphone: $400 Gift Cards up to 20% off: Toys R Us, more Logitech Harmony Home Remote + Hub for $170 Herman Miller Annual Holiday Sale  Save 50% on Polk’s Audio T15 Bookshelf Speakers at Amazon: $50 Canon PIXMA Wireless Printers w/ AirPrint from $30 Get into the game with this LG 34-inch Ultra-Wide IPS Monitor for $275 shipped Score Sony’s 5.2-Ch. 4K A/V Receiver for just $148 shipped (Reg. $250) DJI Phantom 3 Standard Quadcopter with an extra battery for $449 Pre-Black Friday Magazine Deals from under $4/yr (Print & iPad) Green Deals: 4-pack Stainless Steel Solar Outdoor LED Path Lights $19 Save a bundle on a new Little Giant Ladder: 6-ft Stepladder w/ Platform $60 ilumi Bluetooth Smart LED Light Bulb $35, more Free Large Pizzas when you buy $25 eGift Card at Papa John’s Get 15% off sitewide at Monoprice’s Pre-Black Friday Sale Nike takes 25% off clearance items Amazon ramps up Black Friday deals w/ Alexa discounts Bose early Black Friday deals: SoundLink Wireless Headphones $229, more 12-Pack Sharpie Assorted Color Pens $10, more Bean Bag Deals: 7-foot XXL Comfort Suede $122 + more Sony’s Extra Bass Bluetooth Headphones are down to $88 (Reg. $200) Ecobee3 Smart Thermostat w/ Sensor: $200 (Reg. $249) NEW PRODUCTS & MORE: Smart Garden has taken Kickstarter by storm with its big claims and beautiful produce This pocket-sized drone fits inside an iPhone case so you’re always ready to fly LEGO Architecture’s latest Skyline additions include Chicago, London and Sydney MiNT takes old Polaroid cameras and recreates them with modern features DJI’s incredible new Inspire 2 drone takes flight at up to 67MPH and 16,000 feet LEGO Technic unveils new BMW Adventure Motorcycle in celebration of its 40th Anniversary Tablo brings its OTA DVR to Xbox One in hopes of attracting more cordcutters Matrix Powerwatch uses thermal energy from your body to energize its internal battery The N64 Anthology dives into the history behind Nintendo’s iconic gaming console Guides Android Breaking news for Android. Get the latest on apps, carriers, devices, and more! View THe Guide 9to5Toys View THe Guide 9to5Toys Lunch Break View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Apple Announces 2016 Black Friday Sale With Teaser Showing Apple Watch Posted on November 22, 2016 Tweet The Apple Store will be running a Black Friday sale this year. Apple opted out of Black Friday last year. In the past Apple has offered modest discounts and free shipping on Black Friday. The Apple Black Friday shows an Apple Watch with the Black Friday date and says "Save the date." This could mean there will be Apple Watch discounts. Many other retailers will also be offering Apple product discount and deals on Black Friday. You can read about some of the Apple deals available elsewhere in our articles on the Top Smartphone Deals for the iPhone and the Top Wearables Deals for the Apple Watch. Be sure to also check Amazon.com for deals on items like iPhone 7 accessories and Macbooks. Discounts on Apple products are rare and even small discounts can amount to big savings. This has made the Apple Black Friday sale a popular one in the past. You can view the Apple ad teaser here. Business Insider reports that Apple wanted to give store employees a break last year. They are not getting one this year as Apple is extending store hours at its retail locations. The Apple teaser says, "Our one-day shopping event will be here before you know it. Come back this Friday to check everyone off your list." Image: Apple Latest News Google Reveals Year in Search for 2016 Kate Moss Named New Face of Dutch Fashion Label NIKKIE Ariana Grande Wears Denim Overalls in Faith Music Video Slippers That Look Like Bread New Year's Eve: Sydney and Dubai Celebrate Arrival of 2017 With Fireworks Amazon Digital Day Highlights: Deals on Marvel Graphic Novels, In-Game Items, Movie Rentals and More Pepper Customer Service Robot Debuts at Select U.S. Malls Latest Deals Amazon: SanDisk 128GB USB 3.0 Flash Drive for $24.31 (59% off) Amazon: Jabra Move Wireless Stereo Headset for $59.99 (40% off) Amazon: Up to 35% off USDA Organic, Non-GMO Protein Powders, Vitamins and More Amazon: FitDesk 2.0 Exercise Bike with Massage Bar for $197 (30% off) Amazon: Aicok Single Serve K-Cup Coffee Maker for $39.99 (50% off) Other Writers Write, Inc. Sites Gamers Game - gaming news Pleasant Morning Buzz - celebrity gossip and offbeat news Readers Read - book and publishing news Science, Space & Robots - the latest science news Watchers Watch - fashion and beauty news www.shoppersshop.com Copyright © 2002-2016 by Writers Write, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish Holiday Gift Guide for Fashion Addicts (2016) By Tyler Lee on 11/22/2016 11:48 PST Who said that fashion and tech don’t mix together? Over the years we’ve seen how tech and fashion companies have worked to create products that blur the lines between fashion and hi-tech, like Apple partnering up with fashion brands to create Apple Watch straps, or how artists like will.i.am have created gadgets that are hi-tech but yet appeal to the fashion forward. With the holiday season nearly upon us, here’s a list of potential gift ideas you might want to check out if you’re shopping for gadgets that might appeal to your fashion addicted friends or family members (or even yourself). Garmin Fenix Chronos Garmin is a brand that for some of us is still associated with navigation, but over the years the company has dived into wearables and fitness trackers, way before more mainstream tech companies have. Recently Garmin has announced the Fenix Chronos at IFA 2016 which is essentially a smartwatch designed to look like a regular watch with stainless steel or leather straps, depending on your preference. It does what pretty much any smartwatch does except in a much more stylish body and is priced starting at $899. Buy now: Withings Steel HR If smartwatches put you off due to their short battery life, then the Withings Steel HR could be a worthy alternative. By all accounts it is a regular watch, except that it comes with a built-in heart rate monitor. The “smart” portion of the watch exists in a small screen on the watch face, which because of that will offer up around 25 days worth of battery life before needing a recharge. It is capable of receiving notifications from your phone, and all of it is packaged in a minimalist design. It is priced starting at $180 and pre-orders will begin on the 7th of December via their website. Alternatively if you think you can’t risk the watch not arriving in time for Christmas, the Activite Steel is currently available for $150. It offers up a similar design and similar features, just minus the heart rate monitor. Buy now: Ringly Aries Bracelet If smartwatches aren’t your thing, the folks at Ringly have created the Aries bracelet. Upon first glance it doesn’t look like your typical fitness tracker, but we guess that would ideal for those who might be worried about a clash of style. It features activity tracking and can also receive notifications from your smartphone. It comes in a variety of designs with different stones that you can choose from and is priced starting at $245. Misfit Ray The Misfit Ray was announced earlier this year and it is another one of those versatile wearables which can double up as a fashion accessory as well. It is also incredibly small with a 12mm diameter and measures 38mm long, so it won’t look too obvious if you are wearing it out. It does pretty much what other trackers do, like alert the wearer to notifications and tracks the wearer’s activity. It also has a battery that will last up to 6 months. Priced at $100, you will be able to get one for yourself via Misfit’s website. Buy now: Ringly ring Similar to the Ringly Aries, the only difference is that the Ringly Ring can be worn on your finger instead of your wrist. If you think you’re more of a ring wearer than a bracelet wearer, or if maybe rings are more suited for the look you’re  trying to achieve, then the Ringly Ring could be the answer. Available in a variety of different stones, the Ringly Ring is priced at $195. Buy now: Sona Caeden Don’t let the simplistic and fashionable design of the Sona Caeden fool you because under the hood this hi-tech bracelet packs some serious hardware. For example it features a high-end heart rate monitoring system with a wellness protocol inspired by a method invented by the Russian team that sent the first cosmonauts into space. It also comes with a feature called Resonance that is supposed to help reduce stress. It is priced at $179 but it is currently sold out and there is an estimated 6-8 weeks of waiting. Tory Burch Fitbit Flex Fitbit’s wearables aren’t really what you would call fashionable. They’re functional and while they don’t look too bad, we guess some of you more fashion forward consumers might prefer something different. Fitbit knows this which is why back in 2015, they teamed up with designer Tory Burch to create the Tory Burch Fitbit Flex. Under the hood the device functions like the Fitbit Flex, but on the surface it could pass off as a regular bracelet without anyone being none the wiser. Buy now: Leaf by Bellabeat When you think of health trackers you might think of devices strapped to your wrist or around your chest. However the Leaf by Bellabeat is something else altogether. Shaped like a leaf and designed to be worn like a brooch, the Leaf will offer up similar fitness tracking capabilities as other wearables. It also comes with guides to help you meditate and reduce stress. Also for the ladies, the Leaf is capable of tracking your menstrual cycle to help you better prepare for those days of the month, or if you want to keep track of when you might be the most fertile. Available in a variety of designs, the Leaf is priced starting at $119. Buy now: Altruis The Altrius by Vinaya is available as a ring, necklace, or bracelet, depending on your personal preference. It syncs with your smartphone and can deliver notifications to you. The idea is to help reduce our dependence on our smartphones by filtering out notifications that you deem are important. This is done through “Secret Words” which it keeps an eye out for in your messages and subject lines of your emails. More information on pricing and designs can be found on their website. Tinsel Dipper smart necklace As far as fashionable headphones are concerned, Beats by Dre has pretty much cornered that market as the headphones can be seen in all kinds of videos, movies, TV shows, and so on. However if you wanted something more subtle the Tinsel Dipper smart necklace might be for you. Featuring a pair of integrated earbuds, a microphone, and a three-button remote control, all these pieces of technology are hidden cleverly into a necklace, meaning that you can look fashionable while still remaining functional. Priced at $199, the Tinsel Dipper is currently accepting reservations, so you might want to hurry if you want to get them before Christmas. Parrot Zik Red Croc With smartphone manufacturers starting to kill the 3.5mm audio jack slowly but surely, investing in a pair of wireless headphones might not be such a bad idea. In fact if you wanted a pair of stylish wireless headphones, the Parrot Zik 3 Red Croc headphones might be for you. These headphones feature wireless connectivity over Bluetooth, adaptive noise cancellation technology, and also wireless charging technology. The headphones also boast a battery life of up to 18 hours in airplane mode. The red croc version is priced at starting at $269 from Amazon. Buy now: Michael Kors smartwatch Brands like Michael Kors are probably well-known in the fashion world. However earlier this year the company made the leap into wearables and if you’d like to check out their Android Wear-powered smartwatch, they are priced starting at $395 and will be customizable in terms of the bands that are available to it. Buy now: Michael Kors x FujiFilm Fashion is all about accessorizing and it is also more than just what you wear. If you’d like to remain stylish even with a camera slung around your neck, then the Michael Kors and Fujifilm team-up for the Instax Mini 70 could be worth looking at. Essentially this is the Instax Mini 70 at its core, but on the outside it has been given a more fashionable makeover, and let’s not forget its leather camera bag and a gold-tone chain-link strap that goes along with it. The accessories are sold separately and can be found on Michael Kors’ website, but the camera itself is priced at $149. Fossil smartwatch A company known for their leather goods like wallets and bags, although in recent times Fossil has decided to jump into smartwatch game. The company has been pretty aggressive with their offerings and have pushed out a bunch of different smartwatches in the short time since they got into the scene. You can check out their various offerings on their website. Buy now: Garmin Vivomove If the earlier mentioned Fenix Chronos smartwatch isn’t to your liking, then perhaps the Garmin Vivomove could be of interest to you. The device sports a sleek and classy look that would go well for a formal night out. One of the main differences is that it sports an analog face, meaning that it looks like a traditional watch but has some pretty smart capabilities under its hood. Priced starting at $150, you’ll be able to get your hands on it via Garmin’s website. Buy now: HP Sprocket If you’re interested in being able to print photos on the go, there are a variety of options to choose from. However if you wanted something more stylish and classy, then the HP Sprocket might be of interest to you. Featuring a clean and sleek design, the HP Sprocket will connect to your smartphone via Bluetooth. It costs $129.99 and comes with 10 sheets of printer paper, with a new pack of 20 priced at $10 per packet. Buy now: Pebble Time Round Pebble is probably a great example of a Kickstarter project that is hugely successful. Since its first inception, the company has returned multiple times to use Kickstarter to launch new products, with one of their more recent efforts being the sleek and stylish Pebble Time Round. Buy now: TAG Heuer Android Wear Smartwatch With the launch of smartwatches, traditional watchmakers were divided into two camps: one side believed that smartwatches are the future, while the other did not think that traditional watches could be replaced. TAG Heuer seems to fall in the former camp and their Android Wear smartwatch in Rose Gold certainly does seem to highlight that. Priced at $9,900, it costs as much, if not more, than traditional timepieces. Buy now: Mira Fitness Bracelet We know we’ve covered quite a bit of bracelets that double up as fitness trackers, and the Mira Fitness bracelet is another that we can add to that list, which is actually a good thing since it offers more variety. It can track your daily activities and it can also motivate the wearer to be more active if it detects that they are not. The best part is that it will be relatively affordable at $99. Additional bands can be purchased at $49 each. Buy now: Filed in Gadgets >General. Read more about fashion, fitness, Health, Smartwatch and Wearable Tech. Related Articles 2016-12-05 Runkeeper Updated, Will Now Use The Apple Watch’s GPS 2016-12-05 Fitbit Continues To Dominate The Wearables Market 2016-11-25 Holiday Gift Guide for Fitness (2016) 2016-11-23 Hermes To Launch New Limited Edition Apple Watch Bands 2016-11-15 TOMS Launches Apple Watch Straps 2016-11-14 Nike’s Self-Lacing HyperAdapt Shoes Will Cost $720 2016-11-04 Adidas To Start Mass Producing Shoes Made Out Of Ocean Plastic 2016-10-31 This Nike MAG Unboxing Video Makes Us Want One 2016-10-12 Study Claims Apple Watch Is The Most Accurate Fitness Wrist Wearable LG ProBeam Home Cinema Projector Unveiled Capcom To Release Mega Man 1-6 On Mobile January, 2017 Apple To Charge For AirPods Battery Service Even Under Warranty Tesla’s Emergency Braking System Prevented A Serious Accident User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
null
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Trump says he talked to Apple CEO Tim Cook about a 'very large tax cut' Kif Leswing Nov. 23, 2016, 9:07 AM 44,991 facebook linkedin twitter email print President-elect Donald Trump. Thomson Reuters President-elect Donald Trump said Tuesday during an interview with The New York Times that Apple CEO Tim Cook and Microsoft founder Bill Gates had called him after the election to congratulate him on his victory. Trump said: "I was honored yesterday, I got a call from Bill Gates, great call, we had a great conversation, I got a call from Tim Cook at Apple, and I said, 'Tim, you know one of the things that will be a real achievement for me is when I get Apple to build a big plant in the United States, or many big plants in the United States, where instead of going to China, and going to Vietnam, and going to the places that you go to, you're making your product right here.' He said, 'I understand that.' I said: 'I think we'll create the incentives for you, and I think you're going to do it. We're going for a very large tax cut for corporations, which you'll be happy about.' But we're going for big tax cuts, we have to get rid of regulations, regulations are making it impossible. Whether you're liberal or conservative, I mean I could sit down and show you regulations that anybody would agree are ridiculous. It's gotten to be a free-for-all. And companies can't, they can't even start up, they can't expand, they're choking." Cook supported Hillary Clinton in the election, hosting a fundraiser for the Democratic candidate in August. Trump, several times during his campaign, threatened Apple specifically with taxes on imports from China, where Apple's products are manufactured. "I'm going to bring jobs back," Trump said in March. "I'm going to get Apple to start making their computers and their iPhones on our land, not in China. How does it help us when they make it in China?" After the election, Cook sent a memo to all US Apple employees that did not refer to Trump by name but did include some language about celebrating diversity, which was widely seen by observers in the tech industry as a rebuke to Trump's anti-immigration platform. Apple has yet to comment on Trump's remarks publicly. Microsoft declined to comment. The Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation did not immediately return a request for comment. Visit Markets Insider for constantly updated market quotes for individual stocks, ETFs, indices, commodities and currencies traded around the world. Go Now! NOW WATCH: This quarter-mile wall folds out of a truck in 60 seconds to protect soldiers Loading video... More: Apple Donald Trump Tim Cook Bill Gates Markets Insider facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Trump says he talked to Apple CEO Tim Cook about a 'very large tax cut' Trump says he talked to Apple CEO Tim Cook about a 'very large tax cut' President-elect Donald Trump said Tuesday... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured 5 innovations in radiology that could impact everything from the Zika virus to dermatology More "Digital Industry Insider" » Keep tabs on the latest from Business Insider in our new Chrome Extension More "BI Innovations" » Get Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Newsletter-controller Sign-Up Learn More » Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Business Insider Select 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Mobile Insights BII Mobile Insights More Featured 10 Things Before the Opening Bell BI Intelligence Daily Business Insider Select Digital Industry Insider Instant MBA Markets Chart Of The Day Business Insider Events Tech Chart Of The Day Tech Select Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Strategy 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Advertising Select Careers Select Retail Select Strategy Select Life Breaking News Education Select Entertainment Select Life Select Tech Digital Media Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Enterprise Select Fintech Briefing IoT Chart of the Day Mobile Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Science Select Finance Finance Insider Markets Select Smart Investor Your Money Select Politics Military Select Politics Select Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Sports Sports Letter to My Younger Self Basketball great Ray Allen: ’Do you want to fit in, or do you want to embark on the lonely pursuit of greatness?' Read Allen's letter to his teenage self » Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT
Menu Topics Biomedicine Business Computing Energy Mobile Robotics 10 Breakthrough Technologies 35 Innovators Under 35 50 Smartest Companies Views Views from the Marketplace Top Stories Magazine Events More Events Special Publications MIT News Magazine Help/Support Log in / Register Subscribe Log in / Register Search Click search or press enter Computing What Lame Duck? Obama Isn’t Backing Down on These Tech Policies Before Trump takes over, Congress will consider government hacking, and the Obama administration could tie up loose ends in transportation and Internet policy. by Mike Orcutt November 22, 2016 President Barack Obama President-elect Donald Trump has given us very few specifics about how he’ll govern, so it is hard to know what to expect from his administration on technology policy, except that it is likely he’ll try to undo many of Obama’s executive actions. But Trump won’t take office until January, and action by Congress and the Obama administration on tech policy between now and then will help set the stage for future debates. Here are four issues to watch between now and Inauguration Day. Encryption and government hacking The debate over whether companies like Apple and Google should be able to sell fully encrypted smartphones has been fairly quiet since legislation that would have required companies to let law enforcement access encrypted data faltered for lack of support (from the White House and others) in May. The election of Trump, who called for a boycott of Apple when it refused to help the FBI access data from an encrypted iPhone, seems to help lawmakers pushing for legislation that would weaken or ban encryption. Congress may not address encryption again until after Trump takes office. But before then it will have to decide whether to act on another issue relevant to the broader debate over the government’s power to access data from personal devices. The Department of Justice has made two important changes to rules that determine when the government can remotely search individuals’ computers, and they will take effect December 1 if Congress doesn’t act. Last week, a bipartisan group of senators introduced a bill that would delay the rules for six months. Streaming TV Shortly after Trump was elected, leading Republicans in Congress urged the Federal Communications Commission to stop pursuing the politically controversial items still on its agenda. Presumably that includes the commission’s proposed new rules that would require cable companies to replace their set-top boxes with apps compatible with widely deployed platforms like Roku, Apple iOS, Android, Windows, and others. Many observers think this means that the rules are dead, though the FCC has not said that’s the case. We also haven’t necessarily heard the last from the FCC on its net neutrality rules, which regulate Internet service providers and are supposed to promote competition. Last week, the commission informed AT&T that it might be breaking the rules by allowing users to stream its own television service, DirecTV, without having it count against their monthly data cap—a controversial practice known as “zero rating.” Will the FCC continue to push on zero rating, and will it even matter now that Trump has won and many expect his administration to overturn or ignore the rules? Clean energy Donald Trump has said he doesn’t believe in climate change, and that he’ll roll back President Obama’s Clean Power Plan and pull the U.S. out of the Paris climate agreement. Neither of those things will be easy, however, and in the meantime the Obama administration continues to develop a strategy for combating climate change by vastly reducing fossil-fuel use over the next several decades. Last week the White House released a 111-page document detailing how the U.S. can make crucial, dramatic emissions cuts by 2050. Automated vehicles This year the Department of Transportation issued important new rules for commercial drones and published clarifying safety guidelines for self-driving cars. Sometime before the end of the administration, the department is expected to propose one more drone rule, for operations over crowds of people. It is also expected to propose a new rule on vehicle-to-vehicle communication systems for new cars. From Our Advertisers Presented by IEEE Collabratec The Connected City: Trends and Developments Driving Smart City Innovation Sponsored by Lenovo Trend Roundup: Data Storage and the Cloud In partnership with Dynatrace Emerging Trend Analysis: What is Digital Performance Management? Tagged FCC, Encryption, Drones, self-driving cars, government hacking, net neutrality Credit Photograph by Pool | Getty Mike Orcutt Associate Editor I’m an associate editor at MIT Technology Review. I report from Washington, D.C., where I’m on constant lookout for stories that illustrate how the U.S. government is embracing (or failing to embrace) emerging technologies, and that highlight events… More and debates in Washington that serve to create—or hinder—new technological opportunities and industries. You can contact me at mike.orcutt@technologyreview.com. READ COMMENTS Please read our commenting guidelines. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Subscribe to Continue Reading Uh oh–you've read all five of your free articles for this month. Become an Insider for unlimited access to online stories for less than $15 per month. Insider Premium $179.95/yr US PRICE Subscribe See international, alumni and other pricing options Already an Insider? Log in. Have a magazine subscription? Activate your Insider account. More from Computing From the latest smartphones to advances in quantum computing, the hardware behind today's digital age is rapidly changing. Should an Amazon Echo Help Solve a Murder? Authorities have asked Amazon to turn over data from a suspect’s Echo, raising thorny privacy questions. by Michael Reilly Ukraine’s Power Grid Gets Hacked Again, a Worrying Sign for Infrastructure Attacks Russian hackers may be behind attacks leveled at the nation’s power grid and artillery. The West should take note. by Jamie Condliffe Intel Bets It Can Turn Everyday Silicon into Quantum Computing’s Wonder Material The world’s largest chip company sees a novel path toward computers of immense power. by Tom Simonite More from Computing Want more award-winning journalism? Subscribe and become an Insider. Insider Premium {! insider.prices.premium !}* {! insider.display.menuOptionsLabel !} Our award winning magazine, unlimited access to our story archive, special discounts to MIT Technology Review Events, and exclusive content. {! insider.buttons.premium.buttonText !} See details+ What's Included Access to both Print and Online versions of MIT Technology Review The Download. Our daily newsletter of what's important in technology and innovation. Access to the Magazine archive. Over 24,000 articles going back to 1899 at your fingertips. Special Discounts to select partner offerings Discount to MIT Technology Review events Ad-free web experience First Look. Exclusive early access to stories. Insider Conversations. Join in and ask questions as our editors talk to innovators from around the world. Insider Plus {! insider.prices.plus !}* Best Value {! insider.display.menuOptionsLabel !} Everything included in Insider Basic, plus ad-free web experience, select discounts to partner offerings and MIT Technology Review events {! insider.buttons.plus.buttonText !} See details+ What's Included Access to both Print and Online versions of MIT Technology Review The Download. Our daily newsletter of what's important in technology and innovation. Access to the Magazine archive. Over 24,000 articles going back to 1899 at your fingertips. Special Discounts to select partner offerings Discount to MIT Technology Review events Ad-free web experience Insider Basic {! insider.prices.basic !}* {! insider.display.menuOptionsLabel !} Six issues of our award winning magazine and daily delivery of The Download, our newsletter of what’s important in technology and innovation. {! insider.buttons.basic.buttonText !} See details+ What's Included Access to both Print and Online versions of MIT Technology Review The Download. Our daily newsletter of what's important in technology and innovation. * {! insider.display.footerLabel !} See international prices See U.S. prices Revert to MIT Enterprise Forum pricing Revert to standard pricing The Download What's important in technology and innovation, delivered to you every day. Follow us Twitter Facebook RSS   The mission of MIT Technology Review is to equip its audiences with the intelligence to understand a world shaped by technology. Browse International Editions Company About Us Careers Advertise with Us Reprints and Permissions Your Account Log In / Create Account Newsletters Manage Account Manage Subscription Customer Support Help/FAQs Contact Us Feedback Sitemap More Events MIT Enterprise Forum MIT News Policies Ethics Statement Terms of Service Privacy Commenting Guidelines MIT Technology Review © 2016 v.|eiπ| You've read of free articles this month. Subscribe Become an Insider or Sign in for unlimited access  to online articles .
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Gallery Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper Economy & Industry BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               Company Science & Technology News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Companies » News L&T delivers in Q2, expects to meet targets Business Standard Apple rides on Ola to stream music to Indian customers Ola said its new Play offering will allow riders, via their smartphones, to play songs from Apple Music, Sony Liv, or other platforms Alnoor Peermohamed  |  Bengaluru  November 23, 2016 Last Updated at 00:50 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2TJGT8H Bhavish Aggarwal Photo: Saggere Radhakrishna ALSO READ Ola to raise fleet by 40,000 after Mahindra tie-up BMW, Ola join hands for vehicle supply Ola's cash burn hastened TaxiForSure's demise Ola founders backed Tork to launch India's first electric motorcycle by next year Apple has firmed a deal with Ola to allow the ride-hailing company's one million daily customers stream music from its platform as it looks to expand its presence in India, it's fastest growing large market globally. In the year that ended September, Apple said sales of its iPhones in India grew by 50 per cent and that the country had the potential to become its next China. The company sold close to 2.5 million units during those 12 months and is looking at services such as Apple Music to woo more users to buy into its ecosystem as it struggles to expand its 3 per cent market share. Both Ola and Apple did not agree to reveal the financials of the deal. An Ola spokesperson, however, said the integration with its new Ola Play platform will mutually benefit both companies, bringing more riders to Ola and giving users a taste of Apple's service. Last year Apple launched its music streaming service on Android devices, the first Apple product to come to Google's mobile operating system. In India, the company launched the service at a subsidised price of Rs 120 (approx $2) for an individual subscription and Rs 190 (approx $3) for a family subscription to take on local rivals such as Gaana and Saavn. This fee is far lower than what Apple charges customers in the US for instance where Apple Music is priced at $9.99 and $14.99. Analysts said the move was in line with Apple giving Indian users a taste of its service to the millions of Android users here, owing to 94 per cent of all smartphones in the country running on Android and hoping that they upgrade to a more expensive iPhone. Apple's efforts to locally produce and sell low-cost refurbished models has been snubbed by the Indian government and is hoping that it would engage with premium customers by opening its Apple stories in the country. The US tech giant's partnership with Ola comes on the back of the US tech giant's $1 billion investment in Didi Chuxing, a partner and investor in Ola, in May. The company is riding on Ola's new in-car entertainment platform Ola Play, which was unveiled at an event in Bengaluru on Tuesday. "Music is at the heart of every car ride and we've designed music to be at the heart of Ola Play. We've worked with none other than Apple Music to create a unique experience. It's very different and much better than the experience you have in your own car," said Bhavish Aggarwal, co-founder and CEO of Ola. Ola has said that it will install multimedia tablets in every one of its cabs which will give customers access to audio and video streaming services such as Apple Music and Sony Liv, hoping to get their loyalty in its fight with Uber. The company has partnered with Qualcomm to power the hardware that will go into each of the cars and will be able to control in-car functions in the future. Car manufacturer Mahindra and Mahindra which has already signed a deal with Ola to sell 40,000 cars to drivers on Ola's platform, said it will take the integration further in future models. Apart from its partners, Ola said its open platform will allow other developers to build their services into its cabs, giving them access to millions of customers. Ola claims it does over a million rides a day with an average travel time of 60 minutes, giving developers who jump onto its platform huge access to consumer time. However, the company did not disclose whether it would earn revenue through its partnerships. Uber in the US had partnered with Apple's rival Spotify in November 2014 to allow customers control music within the car. "The opportunity our country and Ola has is to make this leapfrog this traditional paradigm of car ownership and move to ridesharing. We want to make your Ola ride much better than your personal ride and that's possible," said Aggarwal of Ola.  Read More On Apple | Apple Music | Google | Android | Ola | Ola Play | China | Bhavish Aggarwal | Mahindra And Mahindra PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Rs 3 lakh health coverage at Rs 11 per day Go Cashless, buy Health Insurance Online The Power of the Hybrid Cloud Apple rides on Ola to stream music to Indian customers Ola said its new Play offering will allow riders, via their smartphones, to play songs from Apple Music, Sony Liv, or other platforms Ola said its new Play offering will allow riders, via their smartphones, to play songs from Apple Music, Sony Liv, or other platforms Apple has firmed a deal with Ola to allow the ride-hailing company's one million daily customers stream music from its platform as it looks to expand its presence in India, it's fastest growing large market globally. In the year that ended September, Apple said sales of its iPhones in India grew by 50 per cent and that the country had the potential to become its next China. The company sold close to 2.5 million units during those 12 months and is looking at services such as Apple Music to woo more users to buy into its ecosystem as it struggles to expand its 3 per cent market share. Both Ola and Apple did not agree to reveal the financials of the deal. An Ola spokesperson, however, said the integration with its new Ola Play platform will mutually benefit both companies, bringing more riders to Ola and giving users a taste of Apple's service. Last year Apple launched its music streaming service on Android devices, the first Apple product to come to Google's mobile operating system. In India, the company launched the service at a subsidised price of Rs 120 (approx $2) for an individual subscription and Rs 190 (approx $3) for a family subscription to take on local rivals such as Gaana and Saavn. This fee is far lower than what Apple charges customers in the US for instance where Apple Music is priced at $9.99 and $14.99. Analysts said the move was in line with Apple giving Indian users a taste of its service to the millions of Android users here, owing to 94 per cent of all smartphones in the country running on Android and hoping that they upgrade to a more expensive iPhone. Apple's efforts to locally produce and sell low-cost refurbished models has been snubbed by the Indian government and is hoping that it would engage with premium customers by opening its Apple stories in the country. The US tech giant's partnership with Ola comes on the back of the US tech giant's $1 billion investment in Didi Chuxing, a partner and investor in Ola, in May. The company is riding on Ola's new in-car entertainment platform Ola Play, which was unveiled at an event in Bengaluru on Tuesday. "Music is at the heart of every car ride and we've designed music to be at the heart of Ola Play. We've worked with none other than Apple Music to create a unique experience. It's very different and much better than the experience you have in your own car," said Bhavish Aggarwal, co-founder and CEO of Ola. Ola has said that it will install multimedia tablets in every one of its cabs which will give customers access to audio and video streaming services such as Apple Music and Sony Liv, hoping to get their loyalty in its fight with Uber. The company has partnered with Qualcomm to power the hardware that will go into each of the cars and will be able to control in-car functions in the future. Car manufacturer Mahindra and Mahindra which has already signed a deal with Ola to sell 40,000 cars to drivers on Ola's platform, said it will take the integration further in future models. Apart from its partners, Ola said its open platform will allow other developers to build their services into its cabs, giving them access to millions of customers. Ola claims it does over a million rides a day with an average travel time of 60 minutes, giving developers who jump onto its platform huge access to consumer time. However, the company did not disclose whether it would earn revenue through its partnerships. Uber in the US had partnered with Apple's rival Spotify in November 2014 to allow customers control music within the car. "The opportunity our country and Ola has is to make this leapfrog this traditional paradigm of car ownership and move to ridesharing. We want to make your Ola ride much better than your personal ride and that's possible," said Aggarwal of Ola.  Alnoor Peermohamed Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Apple rides on Ola to stream music to Indian customers Ola said its new Play offering will allow riders, via their smartphones, to play songs from Apple Music, Sony Liv, or other platforms Apple has firmed a deal with Ola to allow the ride-hailing company's one million daily customers stream music from its platform as it looks to expand its presence in India, it's fastest growing large market globally. In the year that ended September, Apple said sales of its iPhones in India grew by 50 per cent and that the country had the potential to become its next China. The company sold close to 2.5 million units during those 12 months and is looking at services such as Apple Music to woo more users to buy into its ecosystem as it struggles to expand its 3 per cent market share. Both Ola and Apple did not agree to reveal the financials of the deal. An Ola spokesperson, however, said the integration with its new Ola Play platform will mutually benefit both companies, bringing more riders to Ola and giving users a taste of Apple's service. Last year Apple launched its music streaming service on Android devices, the first Apple product to come to Google's mobile operating system. In India, the company launched the service at a subsidised price of Rs 120 (approx $2) for an individual subscription and Rs 190 (approx $3) for a family subscription to take on local rivals such as Gaana and Saavn. This fee is far lower than what Apple charges customers in the US for instance where Apple Music is priced at $9.99 and $14.99. Analysts said the move was in line with Apple giving Indian users a taste of its service to the millions of Android users here, owing to 94 per cent of all smartphones in the country running on Android and hoping that they upgrade to a more expensive iPhone. Apple's efforts to locally produce and sell low-cost refurbished models has been snubbed by the Indian government and is hoping that it would engage with premium customers by opening its Apple stories in the country. The US tech giant's partnership with Ola comes on the back of the US tech giant's $1 billion investment in Didi Chuxing, a partner and investor in Ola, in May. The company is riding on Ola's new in-car entertainment platform Ola Play, which was unveiled at an event in Bengaluru on Tuesday. "Music is at the heart of every car ride and we've designed music to be at the heart of Ola Play. We've worked with none other than Apple Music to create a unique experience. It's very different and much better than the experience you have in your own car," said Bhavish Aggarwal, co-founder and CEO of Ola. Ola has said that it will install multimedia tablets in every one of its cabs which will give customers access to audio and video streaming services such as Apple Music and Sony Liv, hoping to get their loyalty in its fight with Uber. The company has partnered with Qualcomm to power the hardware that will go into each of the cars and will be able to control in-car functions in the future. Car manufacturer Mahindra and Mahindra which has already signed a deal with Ola to sell 40,000 cars to drivers on Ola's platform, said it will take the integration further in future models. Apart from its partners, Ola said its open platform will allow other developers to build their services into its cabs, giving them access to millions of customers. Ola claims it does over a million rides a day with an average travel time of 60 minutes, giving developers who jump onto its platform huge access to consumer time. However, the company did not disclose whether it would earn revenue through its partnerships. Uber in the US had partnered with Apple's rival Spotify in November 2014 to allow customers control music within the car. "The opportunity our country and Ola has is to make this leapfrog this traditional paradigm of car ownership and move to ridesharing. We want to make your Ola ride much better than your personal ride and that's possible," said Aggarwal of Ola.  Alnoor Peermohamed Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Banking Round Table 2016 BS Fund Cafe 2016 Elections 2016 Assam Elections Kerala Elections Tamil Nadu Elections West Bengal Elections Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
null
null

  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Your iPhone can be unlocked by a HEDGEHOG: Video reveals TouchID can store a tiny pawprint as experts question the security of fingerprints Video shows hedgehog named Sashimi unlocking iPhone with a paw print The TouchID sensor captures her print just like it would for a human Security experts warn fingerprint scanning may not be as safe as you think They say hackers could still steal fingerprint or its digital representation By Cheyenne Macdonald For Dailymail.com and Associated Press Published: 14:07 EST, 22 November 2016 | Updated: 18:25 EST, 22 November 2016 e-mail 220 shares 73 View comments To protect your devices, security experts often recommend having a backup method of authentication – but, they probably didn’t mean your pet hedgehog. In an adorable new video, a hedgehog named Sashimi can be seen using her tiny paw to unlock an iPhone, successfully passing through the TouchID sensor. It works just like it would for a person, requiring the print be pressed multiple times onto the home button in order to capture its unique design.   Scroll down for video  In an adorable new video, a hedgehog named Sashimi can be seen using its tiny paw to unlock an iPhone, successfully passing through the TouchID sensor The Instagram-star Sashimi, of course, does this with some assistance from a human. With someone holding Sashimi and gently pressing her paw down on the sensor, the hedgehog accesses the iPhone's home screen without any trouble. Though adorable, the video also raises questions on the security of this feature. Locking your phone or computer with your fingerprint is a convenient form of security — but it's also perhaps not as safe as you'd think. In their rush to do away with problematic passwords, Apple, Microsoft and other tech companies are nudging consumers to use their own fingerprints, faces and eyes as digital keys.  RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Will the iPhone 8 be a FLIP PHONE? Apple is awarded a patent... Caught on camera: Rare 'asperitas' clouds linked to... The 'invisisbility cloak' made of trees that could protect... Apple confirms its return to Black Friday with 'one-day... Share this article Share 220 shares  With someone holding Sashimi and gently pressing her paw down on the sensor, the hedgehog accesses the iPhone's home screen without any trouble Smartphones and other devices increasingly feature scanners that can verify your identity via these 'biometric' signatures in order to unlock a gadget, sign into web accounts and authorize electronic payments. But there are drawbacks: Hackers could still steal your fingerprint — or its digital representation.  Police may have broader legal powers to make you unlock your phone.  And so-called 'biometric' systems are so convenient they could lull users into a false sense of security. 'We may expect too much from biometrics. No security systems are perfect,' said Anil Jain, a computer science professor at Michigan State University who helped police unlock a smartphone by using a digitally enhanced ink copy of the owner's fingerprints.  Biometric security seems like a natural solution to well-known problems with passwords.  Smartphones and other devices increasingly feature scanners that can verify your identity via these 'biometric' signatures in order to unlock a gadget, sign into web accounts and authorize electronic payments. A stock image is pictured  WHEN TOUCH ID IS NOT ENOUGH  With the release of iOS 9 last year, Apple changed added a new security feature requiring that Touch ID users enter their passcode under certain circumstances. According to an iOS Security Guide published earlier this year, there are a number of situations in which you may have to use your passcode to unlock your iPhone or iPad even if Touch ID is enabled. This occurs when: -The device has not been unlocked for more than 48 hours -The passcode has not been used to unlock the device in the last six days and Touch ID has not unlocked the device in the last eight hours -The device has received a remote lock command -After five unsuccessful attempts to match a fingerprint -When setting up or enrolling new fingers with Touch ID -The device has just been turned on or restarted Far too many people choose weak and easily-guessed passwords like '123456' or 'password.'  Many others reuse a single password across online accounts, all of which could be hacked if the password is compromised.  And of course some use no password at all when they can get away with it, as many phones allow. As electronic sensors and microprocessors have grown cheaper and more powerful, gadget makers have started adding biometric sensors to familiar products. Apple's iPhone 5S, launched in 2013, introduced fingerprint scanners to a mass audience, and rival phone makers quickly followed suit.  Microsoft built biometric capabilities into the latest version of its Windows 10 software, so you can unlock your PC by briefly looking at the screen. Samsung is now touting an iris-scanning system in its latest Galaxy Note devices. All those systems are based on the notion that each user's fingerprint — or face, or iris — is unique. But that doesn't mean they can't be reproduced.  Jain, the Michigan State researcher, proved that earlier this year when a local police department asked for help unlocking a fingerprint-protected Samsung phone.  The phone's owner was dead, but police had the owner's fingerprints on file.  As electronic sensors and microprocessors have grown cheaper and more powerful, gadget makers have started adding biometric sensors to familiar products. But, security experts warn that police may have broader legal powers to make you unlock your phone Jain and two associates made a digital copy of the prints, enhanced them and then printed them out with special ink that mimics the conductive properties of human skin. 'We tried the right thumb and it worked right away,' Jain said. Researchers at the University of North Carolina, meanwhile, fooled some commercial face-detection systems by using photos they found on the social media accounts of test subjects.  They used the photos to create a three-dimensional image, enhanced with virtual reality algorithms.  The spoof didn't work every time, and the researchers found it could be foiled by cameras with infrared sensors. (The Microsoft face-recognition system uses infrared-capable cameras for extra precision.) But some experts believe any biometric system can be cracked with sufficient determination. All it takes are simulated images of a person's fingerprint, face or even iris pattern.  And if someone manages that, you can't exactly change your fingerprint or facial features as you would a stolen password. To make such theft more difficult, biometric-equipped phones and computers typically encrypt fingerprints and similar data and store them locally, not in the 'cloud' where hackers might lift them from company servers.  But many biometrics can be found elsewhere.  You might easily leave your fingerprint on a drinking glass, for instance. Or it might be stored in a different database; Jain pointed to the 2015 computer breach at federal Office of Personnel Management, which compromised the files — including fingerprints — of millions of federal employees.  HOW TO CHOOSE A SECURE PASSWORD   Avoid favourite sports. ‘Baseball’ and ‘football’ were both in the top 10 worst password list. Birthdays and years of birth are easy to guess with the help of personal information. Common names such as Michael and Jennifer are insecure, with many making SplashData’s Top 50 list, too. Experts suggest using eight mixed types of characters, with seemingly random combinations if possible. They say that passphrases – short words with spaces or other characters separating them – are easy to recall and are relatively secure if seemingly random words are used. Experts also advise having different passwords for different sites, instead of relying on one, which if hacked, could prove particularly serious.  Most crooks won't go to that much trouble. But some experts have voiced a different concern — that biometrics could undermine important legal rights. U.S. courts have ruled that authorities can't legally require individuals to give up their passwords, since the Fifth Amendment says you can't be forced to testify or provide incriminating information against yourself.  In the last two years, however, judges in Virginia and Texas have ordered individuals to unlock their phones with their fingerprints. There's a legal distinction between something you know, like a password, and something you possess, like a physical key or a fingerprint, said Marcia Hofmann, a San Francisco attorney who specializes in privacy and computer security.  While you can't be forced to reveal the combination of a safe, she noted, the Supreme Court has said you can be required to turn over a physical key to unlock a door. Leading tech companies are increasingly nudging consumers to use their own fingers, faces and eyes as digital key to unlock phones and other gadgets. But there are downsides: Hackers could still steal your fingerprint, or its digital representation 'Getting your thumb print or iris scan is not the same as making you speak,' agreed Orin Kerr, a law professor at George Washington University.  'In practice it's another way of getting access to the computer, but through a very different means.' The issue hasn't been tested yet in higher courts, though it's likely just a matter of time. Even with vulnerabilities, some analysts say the convenience of biometric locks is a plus — not least because it may give the password-averse another easy option to secure their devices.  'It's bringing secure authentication to the masses,' said Joseph Lorenzo Hall, a tech policy expert at the nonprofit Center for Democracy and Technology. Others say the best approach would combine biometric systems with other protections, such as a strong password or PIN. 'It's good to see biometrics being used more, because it adds another factor for security,' said Jain. 'But using multiple security measures is the best defense.'  Read more: Mimi🐽🐾 (@hedgehog_sashimi) • Instagram photos and videos Share or comment on this article e-mail 220 shares Most watched News videos Mariah botches New Year's Eve performance and storms off stage Heart-warming moment woman plays piano and sings in cathedral Man goes crazy when he catches another guy in bed with his wife Woman takes seven minutes to parallel park car in double space Man finally talks to wife after over twenty years of silence Passenger insults flight attendant before being led away by police Disturbing moment pitbull kills small dog in front of its owner Mass brawl erupts between customers and restaurant staff Dog shows off its incredibly efficient banana-eating technique Bottles and furniture thrown during terrifying NYE fight Spooky! 'Ghost' appears to follow two people down a driveway Take a look inside one of the brand new flats in The Collective Trump blasts Chicago mayor Rahm Emanuel for record-setting... Some people won't be having a happy new year! Carnage on the... George Michael's lover Fadi Fawaz reveals the singer died... Dick Clark Productions slams Mariah Carey's accusations of... Bitter Lemon? CNN anchor Don Lemon has his microphone cut as... New year, new life! Hot mugshot felon celebrates the... EXCLUSIVE - Weed belong together: Mariah Carey spotted... First pictures inside Istanbul nightclub show bodies strewn... ISIS is plotting ‘mass casualty’ chemical attack on Britain,... Rosie O'Donnell calls Trump 'mentally unstable' on Twitter... Mommy and the model: Wendi Deng, 48, enjoys bikini break... Meghan, the budding (and VERY sultry) star: Prince Harry's... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read The design genius who was left flummoxed by a potato peeler: Man who invented high-speed trains and the... Robots that hire and fire staff could soon be employed by the world's largest hedge fund in bid to improve... Scientists discover the gene editing 'off-switch' that could protect against accidents or stop it from being... Scientists solve the riddle of dinner party angst: The average person can't cope with more than four... Can YOU see what's really going on here? Confusing camel optical illusion leaves the internet baffled   Can a gel made with you own blood heal chronic leg wounds? Patients' own DNA can help kickstart repair... Are smart ROADS key for self-driving cars? Authorities say technology will prevent accidents, reduce travel... The terrifying power of mega tsunamis: Video reveals how a wave could wipe out the ENTIRE east coast of the... Elon Musk's SpaceX blames a fault in helium canister for massive Falcon 9 rocket explosion that destroyed... Is this the fossilised penis of an Ice Age mammoth found on a Norfolk beach - or is it something even... Walruses use seabirds as TOYS and even play with carcasses they find floating on the water No wonder the dinosaurs died out: They were vulnerable for the SIX MONTHS it took them to get out of their... Is iOS 10.3 on the way already? Rumor claims Apple's update could debut this month with 'Theater Mode' for... Observatory camera captures the rare moment a METEOR flies over an erupting volcano in Costa Rica How the threat of floods is shifting across the US: Map reveals the risk is growing in the north, but... MORE HEADLINES The terrifying power of mega tsunamis: Video reveals how a wave could wipe out the ENTIRE east coast of the US - but it's unlikely to happen Samsung unveils THREE new phones: New Galaxy A handsets feature metal frame with a glass back - and all are water and dust resistant Elon Musk's SpaceX blames a fault in helium canister for massive Falcon 9 rocket explosion that destroyed Facebook's $200m internet satellite Is iOS 10.3 on the way already? Rumor claims Apple's update could debut this month with 'Theater Mode' for texting during a movie From augmented reality and ultra-high resolution TVs to Faraday Future's 'Tesla killer': What to expect from CES 2017 Robots that hire and fire staff could soon be employed by the world's largest hedge fund in bid to improve efficiency No wonder the dinosaurs died out: They were vulnerable for the SIX MONTHS it took them to get out of their eggs when they were born  Walruses use seabirds as TOYS and even play with carcasses they find floating on the water Scientists solve the riddle of dinner party angst: The average person can't cope with more than four conversations at once MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today Two weeks to go: Downbeat-looking Sasha and Malia return from Hawaii with their parents after last family vacation on Air Force One  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Angelina Jolie takes sweet twins Vivienne and Knox and daughter Shiloh for ice cream during Colorado ski trip... as she jets away from divorce drama Trouble in paradise? Nicole Kidman and Keith Urban 'had a red carpet argument' at her Lion premiere in Sydney just days before dancing up a storm on stage on New Year's Eve Still on! Jennifer Lawrence, 26, enjoys romantic New Year's Eve stroll with boyfriend Darren Aronofsky, 47 Looked like a picture-perfect couple Rebecca Romijn flaunts rock hard abs at 44 while on holiday with husband Jerry O'Connell and twin daughters She has a figure women half her age would envy 'You all lost Princess Leia and Carrie Fisher, I lost my hero': Joely Fisher pens tribute to her sister and describes the final Christmas in hospital with her comatose sibling 'I've felt disgust, but never this kind of fear': Bruce Springsteen unleashes on Trump for promoting 'bigotry, racism and intolerance' and says his policies are nothing but 'lies' Mommy and the model: Wendi Deng, 48, enjoys bikini break with her 21-year-old boy toy and two teenage daughters in St Barts Looked picture perfect Michael Phelps and wife Nicole celebrate New Year's Eve with wedding bash Invited Olympic swimmers Allison Schmitt and Elizabeth Beisel to the festivities 'Super excited!' Teen Mom 3's Briana DeJesus announces she's expecting a second baby in July The 22-year-old has a five-year-old daughter Patrick Schwarzenegger hits pool as he takes girlfriend Abby Champion on family holiday in Mexico with Maria Shriver 'I'm gay': Sister Wives' daughter Mariah, 21, shocks her parents by coming out as a lesbian  Kody and Meri Brown's daughter Mariah had a big announcement  Kourtney Kardashian and Scott Disick put on a united front in Aspen as they pose on their private jet They split up in summer 2015 EXCLUSIVE - Mariah Carey spotted heading into a marijuana dispensary on Christmas Eve, just one week before her Times Square meltdown  Fit couple! Mark Wahlberg shows off sculpted body while wife Rhea Durham is red hot in bikini on holiday in Barbados Stripping off 'Parenthood is not a competition': Eva Amurri Martino responds to 'cruel' critics after she revealed night nurse dropped baby son cracking his skull Reunited! Julianne Hough goes makeup free in an adorable family selfie with fiancé Brooks Laich and their fur babies Lexi and Harley 'Cutest thing I've ever seen': Ariana Grande offers a sneak peek into her video game character for Final Fantasy The Into You singer  She's head over heels! Bethenny Frankel, 46, flaunts more than bikini body as she performs impressive handstand in Mexico She's a Skinny Girl Bonding time! Nicola Peltz rocks a black bikini as she hugs her brother Will on family holiday together Shared an idyllic Instagram photo  Keeping her on her toes! Chrissy Teigen shows off legs in LBD as she does impressive ballet move while carrying baby Luna Model mom Bella Thorne flaunts pert derriere in a tiny bikini on holiday in the Bahamas... and even covers herself in body glitter Hitting the beach Country crooner Sam Hunt engaged to his girlfriend and Montevallo muse Hannah Lee Fowler The 32-year-old Georgia-born belter New year, new nails! Tobey Maguire's ex Jennifer Meyer makes manicure her priority at start of 2017 The jewelry designer dressed in ripped jeans  Mixing it up! Jamie Foxx's daughter Corinne raises temperatures in mismatched bikini during beach outing in Miami Rocking a two-piece Star in stripes: Natalie Portman keeps it comfortable in patterned top and hoodie while on morning walk in LA She donned shades for a stroll What happened to Sahara Ray's face? Justin Bieber's rumoured ex-fling shows off her VERY plumped-up lips... and fans aren't happy 'He hasn't been able to stand Tom for years': Russell Crowe 'feuding with Cruise on set of new film The Mummy over the star's treatment of ex Nicole Kidman' PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Angelina Jolie hits the slopes with her kids during Colorado ski trip... as she enjoys NYE getaway in wake of Brad Pitt split  Luann de Lesseps and Tom D'Agastino head to the Bahamas for honeymoon after the Real Housewives star and her 'cheater' husband bid farewell to their friends at lunch So what DID happen the night George Michael died? Tweets about suicide, rumours of drug abuse and the boyfriend who now says he spent the night sleeping in his car Doutzen Kroes displays model figure in cropped top and tiny shorts while hitting beach in Miami with family Vacation time! Her new BFF! Kendall Jenner cuddles sweet new dog while getting in spot of shopping with Hailey Baldwin The 21-year-old is a catwalk queen Lea Michele lays her naked ambition bare as she poses for racy New Year snap Celebrated the new year by stripping down for a racy Instagram photo Buxom Daisy Lowe channels a Fifties pin-up girl as she covers-up sexy bikini with plunging white sundress after day of frolicking on Miami beach Taking a gamble on love? Jennifer Lopez and Drake hit high-roller tables in Vegas together after she supports him at NYE gig High-stakes date Camera queen Kate snaps up an honour: Duchess is commended by the Royal Photographic Society for her images (and here's some of her best work)  Maksim Chmerkovskiy posts photo of pregnant fiancee Peta Murgatroyd touching up makeup in hospital gown as she prepares to give birth  Always looking her best Luann de Lesseps and Tom D'Agastino head to the Bahamas for honeymoon after the Real Housewives star and her husband bid farewell to their friends Izabel Goulart flaunts her supermodel figure in TINY crochet bikini as she frolics on the beach in St Barts  Cemented her Brazilian bombshell status 'I have cellulite, stretch marks and some jiggle on my belly': Former body builder who used to be 'embarrassed' by her physique reveals why she refuses to 'embrace her flaws'  Why ARE so many celebrities obsessed with showing us their rear view? Former Cosmopolitan editor questions the stars' latest trend Like Suki Waterhouse  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Wild thing Daisy Lowe wears her leopard-print bra to the beach as she cosies up to handsome mystery man on the beach in Miami Billie Lourd breaks her silence with moving tribute to mother Carrie Fisher and grandmother Debbie Reynolds Posted a picture of herself as a child Pretty Little Flier: Fresh-faced Lucy Hale jets into LAX looking radiant after hosting New Year in New Orleans Make-up free She's red hot! Gwen Stefani unveiled as new face of Revlon  'Ever since I was a young girl, I have used makeup as a form of self-expression' Coffee date! Vanessa Hudgens rocks cropped sweater and extremely tight trousers during outing with boyfriend Austin Butler Spotted on a coffee run  'Lies!' RHOA Kandi Burruss slams claims by Phaedra Parks she had a threesome with her husband and another woman Hit back Daisy Lowe shows off her kooky sense of style on holiday as she pairs a skimpy white bikini with trainers The model was in particularly high spirits Newly engaged Serena Williams flashes her ring as she steps out with her Reddit co-founder fiance Alexis Ohanian in New Zealand On cloud nine Margot Robbie stuns in a leopard print one piece as she cozies up to new husband Tom Ackerley at the beach with friends... after secretly tying the knot 'We had sex': Nick Viall's former one night stand turns up as a Bachelor contestant... but he doesn't seem to remember her  Awkward moment Love's young dream: Elle Fanning enjoys giggly lunch date with boyfriend Dylan Beck The blonde kept things casual, opting to wear a black jumpsuit 'Boy crazy!' Ellen Pompeo cradles her newborn son Eli as she dances around her kitchen Became a mom for the third time in December  In the swim! Naomi Watts enjoys the warm waters off Cancun with sons during New Year's family getaway Actress, 48, donned a turquoise swimsuit  Ciara posts cute photos of her baby bump as she rings in 2017 with her growing family Expecting her first child with American football star Russell Wilson New year, old pals! Jonah Hill and Michael Cera enjoy low-key Superbad reunion ten years on  Their friendship is still going strong 'I decided to take a risk and play it': Gisele Bundchen serenades peaceful song while playing acoustic guitar by pool in new video Singing for the camera Queen brings tragic Tetra Pak heir's clan in from the cold after appointing Hans Rausing's cousin as one of her representatives  Scandalous past 'Get your happy a**es home!': Kim Zolciak misses daughter Brielle Biermann and beau Michael Kopech as they enjoy getaway in Niagara Falls 'Private pool suits me just fine!' Ashley Graham shows off her hourglass curves in racy white swimsuit as she takes a drop in the Seychelles 'It's not a set thing': Ben Affleck won't direct his Batman standalone if it doesn't come together to his liking Behind and in front of the camera? The look of love! Margot Robbie beams as she arrives back in LA with new husband Tom Ackerley... after tying the knot in secret ceremony in Australia 'They're perky!': Cynthia Bailey takes RHOA castmates to her breast exam... and lets them squeeze her implants Hands-on experience  Hilary Duff shows off her toned torso in a bikini as she larks around with son Luca in the Hawaii surf Held hands as they walked into the sea  Frances Bean Cobain's battle to get ex to return her late father Kurt Cobain's priceless guitar is heading for a multi-million dollar court case Covergirl prep! Victoria's Secret model Shanina Shaik takes to social media in a face mask shortly before her latest Cosmopolitan cover is announced UK X Factor runner-up Rebecca Ferguson 'graciously accepts' invitation to sing at Trump's inauguration... if she can perform track protesting racism Slapped and screamed at by directors, pestered for sex by co-stars and a victim of Tony Curtis's vile gossip: How DEBBIE REYNOLDS was abused in Hollywood   'Stand strong and move forward!' Nicole Scherzinger flaunts her phenomenal bikini body as she shares her New Year's resolve from Hawaii Sparkling New Year for Ab Fab star's daughter: Actress Beattie Edmondson announces her engagement  She's the daughter of Jennifer Saunders Now that's one way to RING in the New Year! Ashley Greene stuns in a black dress and flaunts her engagement bling as she celebrates 2017 in Sydney with new fiancé Making resolutions! Rob Kardashian works up a sweat on a two-hour trek with Blac Chyna... days after health scare left him hospitalized Newly single Bella Thorne enjoys NYE smooch with model pal Kyra Santoro as she rings in 2017 with her girlfriends in the Bahamas Hilary Duff parades her toned pins in skimpy bikini bottoms as she tries her hand at surfing during New Year's break to Hawaii Surf lesson 'Bad and boujee!' Larsa Pippen showcases her enviable figure in revealing bikini aboard river cruise  Posed for another skimpy swimsuit shot  Rich Kids of Instagram's Lana Scolaro loses her bikini top as she enjoys break  in St Barts... after shooting to fame with THAT Robin Thicke snap Living it up! Jamie Foxx welcomes the new year with a boy's night in Miami Hit 1 Hotel in the South Beach neighbourhood Sara Sampaio flaunts her trim figure and pert posterior in pretty print swimsuit as she enjoys a sunbathing session on Mexican holiday Basking in the sunshine 'He really wanted to be in the movie': Robin Williams was turned down for iconic Hagrid role in Harry Potter franchise because he wasn't British Katie Couric reunites with Matt Lauer on Today as she returns to host the morning show for the first time in a decade Reclaiming her seat Mariah Carey kisses Bryan Tanaka in preview clip of reality show after he pops out of cake and gives lap dance Sneak peek of her show  'The best way to start 2017': Jessica Alba soaks up the sun in a bikini as she and her daughters celebrate the New Year on Hawaiian beach Eva Amurri Martino reveals baby son suffered a cracked skull after a night nurse dropped him... and admits she's now battling depression  '1st selfie of the new year!' Ciara shares a picture of her growing bump as she supports her man at NFL game She's shaping up to have a memorable  'Bodies of every size': Lena Dunham bares cleavage in lingerie for New Year's Day photo-shoot Sending a message with racy shot They tied the knot! UnREAL cco-stars Johanna Braddy and Freddie Stroma start 2017 as newlyweds They had been dating since meeting in 2015 'Sad when bae leaves': Ariel Winter, 18, pouts over absent Levi Meaden,29... after ringing in New Year with a kiss Sulky Snapchat 'Counting my blessings': Karlie Kloss winks as she shows off her famous figure in black bikini in St Barts Showing off her model body Georgia May Jagger rocks wild leopard print lingerie and sparkling bling as she writhes around in bed for LOVE's Video Advent 'The loneliness became desperate': Kate Bush describes 'cruel' bullying during her teenage years at Catholic girls' school in newly resurfaced essay Dick Clark Productions slams Mariah Carey's accusations of sabotage as 'frankly absurd' after diva's epic lip syncing meltdown she blamed on faulty earpiece  James Corden's stunning wife Julia Carey shows him up with her incredible beach body as they enjoy Barbados sun on festive family jaunt 'Happiest New Year!' Bella Hadid shares selfie blowing on party horn as she rings in 2017 with Kendall Jenner and Jordyn Woods Knows how to have fun 'I love my man!' Jessica Simpson shares sultry couple shot with husband Eric Johnson Welcoming 2017 on the united front  'Partner in life!' Rachel Zoe and Rodger Berman share NYE kiss as they celebrate 25 years together Midnight smooch Chip off the old block! Brooklyn Beckham theatrically dives from boat as holiday break in Maldives continues Inspired by some dives from his father? Stella McCartney covers up in a floaty kaftan as she enjoys romantic beach stroll with husband Alasdhair Willis in St Barts Bod Jovi! Shirtless Jon Bon Jovi, 54, shows off his impressive physique as he goes for a dip in St Barths It seems he has looked good, always 'This is a turning point in saving elephants from extinction': Prince William salutes China's decision to shut down its ivory trade by the end of this year  Double Trouble! Tiffany Scanlon and Megan Marx strip down to their bikinis before teasing fans about the mystery location they are set to move to That's one way to ring in the New Year! Victoria's Secret stunner Bridget Malcolm flashes underboob as she poses TOPLESS on a disco ball  Andrew Garfield cheers on the Los Angeles Lakers courtside as awards season looms for Hacksaw Ridge star Sports fan Meghan the budding star: Actress poses for series of publicity photos after landing a role in daytime TV show 13 years before she met Prince Harry  It's all about the bling! Jennifer Lopez wears Drake's necklace as she supports him at his NYE Vegas show The 47-year-old was spotted in a nightclub Trying to impress? Ansel Elgort enjoys a shirtless workout... as girlfriend Violetta Komyshan looks on Actor was productive in South Beach in Miami Former NFL star Kordell Stewart sends his ex Porsha Williams a cease and desist letter after nude video of him is leaked on internet Is she trashing him? I'm pregnant! Lauren Conrad reveals baby news with sweet sonogram picture on New Year's Day  This will be the star's first child Rise and shine! Bikini girl Hilary Duff embraces the new year with surf lesson in Hawaii While many around the world were nursing a hangover Party time! Kendall Jenner steps out in black negligee while Hailey Baldwin stuns in white mini dress as the pals celebrate New Year's Eve in Hollywood Shirtless Jake Gyllenhaal flaunts hunky physique as he joins bikini-clad pal Greta Caruso in exquisite waters during St. Barths break Tired of the beach? Covered up Ashley Olsen, 30, caresses shirtless beau Richard Sachs, 58, during trail hike in St. Barts Enjoying the sun Twice as nice! Models Doutzen Kroes and Joan Smalls put on a bikini display as they meet up on Miami Beach Spent New Year's Day relaxing on the beach  Hard day's twerk! Bella Thorne dances on the back of a truck in the Bahamas She was joined by her sister Dani and a group of her friends  'His love has been life changing': The Veronicas' Lisa Origliasso reveals she's engaged to boyfriend Logan Hoffman and shows off her ring Expat A-list! Daniel MacPherson and Zoe Ventoura party with the Hemsworth brothers and Miley Cyrus on NYE at gold-themed bash What a welcome to 2017 Rosie O'Donnell calls Trump 'mentally unstable' on Twitter and warns America that there are 'less than three weeks to stop him' Strong statement 'I wish everyone this kind of love!' Kelly Clarkson plants a kiss on son Remington for New Year's greeting He is just eight months old  Louis Tomlinson's ex Briana Jungwirth coos over their giggling son Freddie in old family videos... as she reveals that their baby has taken his first steps Justin Bieber rings in 2017 with medley of hits during poolside performance at historic Fontainebleau Miami Beach Wowed the crowd  Sheer New Year! Bella Hadid reveals underwear in see-through outfit as she dares to bare to usher in 2017 in Hollywood 'Feliz Año!' Shakira embraces her partner Gerard Piqué and sons as she posts a festive New Year's message to her fans on Instagram  Adorable family  'One of the most eventful and exciting years of my life': Ivanka Trump celebrates New Year in Hawaii as the rest of the clan party with Stallone  Bradley Cooper heads out for healthy jog in LA while 'pregnant' girlfriend Irina Shayk spends New Year in her native Russia Could soon be a father  Rogue One takes $64M over New Year weekend to become the US's second highest grossing film of 2016... as Disney sweeps year-end top three 'How we started 2017!' Proud David Beckham shares sweet snap of his family from glamorous beach party in the Maldives... as the stars ring in 2017  Well that's one way to worship the sun! Lady Victoria Hervey looks radiant in a vibrant floral maxi dress as she offers her palms to the sky in Barbados Million Dollar Listings star Ryan Serhant shares cheeky snap of wife skinny dipping on lavish belated honeymoon  In Bora Bora What a Dream day! Blac Chyna begins new year with Rob Kardashian and daughter after dramatic split Easy family day together Jon plus four! Gosselin sees in 2017 with half of his famous brood The 39-year-old star of Jon and Kate Plus 8 grinned as he held out a selfie stick 'I'm going to break a leg for sure!' Sophie Monk shares a video of beginners skiing lesson as she takes to the slopes for the first time  Australian model Ripped! Laura Dundovic flaunts her incredible abs as she poses in a skimpy bikini on the beach after becoming a personal trainer 'My life changed forever!' Coco Austin shares snap of the moment she met Ice-T 16 years ago as they celebrate wedding anniversary at NYE bash 'Wonder if I will be cold?' Kate Hudson braves a snowy NYE in Aspen in nothing but lingerie as she parties hard with pal Chelsea Handler Naomi Campbell, 46, shows off her incredibly ageless physique in barely-there bikini as she rings in 2017 with blissful beach break Looked incredible  Bachelor's Megan Marx calls girlfriend Tiffany Scanlon her 'biggest accomplishment' of 2016  Renowned reality pair  Bitter Lemon? CNN anchor Don Lemon has his microphone cut as he starts to talk about how 2016 was 'awful' after drinking tequila in live New Year broadcast  'I don't hold back': Supermodel Jess Hart reveals the trick she uses to stay in shape while still eating the food she loves... and that includes burgers Revealed: Jennifer Lopez quietly turned up to support her new beau Drake at his NYE show in Las Vegas She was spotted in a VIP booth Jake Gyllenhaal maintains his toned physique with a New Year's Eve run while on holiday in St. Barts  On a well deserved vacation Blake Lively enjoys low-key New Year's Eve with her Sisterhood Of The Traveling Pants BFF Amber Tamblyn Actresses have been besties since 2005 hit  'Catwoman' Jocelyn Wildenstein's ex-boyfriend sees off 2016 by frolicking on the beach with transgender model Lauren Foster In Miami  Ashley Graham whips off her bikini to pose topless while enjoying sunshine holiday Marked the first day of 2017 with a revealing selfie A dip in the (Car)pool! Doting daddy James Corden larks around with son Max on Barbados shore during idyllic New Year getaway Put on a sweet display 'Back with beautiful Bindi': Chandler Powell posts tribute to his girlfriend Bindi Irwin as he returns to Australia to be with her after pair spend time apart Princess Mary rings in the new year dressed in a gold gown and deep purple cape for annual banquet Was joined Crown Prince Frederik  'Mariah Carey just summed up 2016!' Diva botches New Year's Eve lip-sync performance and STORMS OFF Times Square stage while crying into the mic George Michael's lover Fadi Fawaz reveals the singer died alone after he slept in his car and denies posting tweets saying the star had tried to kill himself  'Who needs to drop the ball when Mariah already covered it?' Twitter mercilessly trashes diva for her epic New Year's Eve meltdown  'I believe I can fly': Justin Theroux posts hilarious video of himself crash landing after ski jump He knows how to garner a few laughs too Norman Cook returns home from NYE gig in Italy after a lonely Christmas following split from Zoe Ball... while she celebrates six months of sobriety Making a splash! Eagerly anticipated DC Comics Aquaman superhero flick starring Jason Momoa and Amber Heard will start filming in May James Packer's ex Erica Packer looks glam as she enjoys family holiday in St Barts... while another 'ex' Seal hits the ski slopes with Heidi Klum 'I've felt better': Louis Tomlinson welcomes 2017 with a hungover selfie as he prepares for a new year after his mother's tragic passing The One Direction star Jeremy Clarkson's VERY racy party girls: Grand Tour star is pictured with a host of society's most eligible women at New Year's Eve party  The 4 things that I love the most': Madonna spends New Year with son Rocco Ritchie and his siblings as they ring in 2017 together with family ski trip  The Queen is feeling 'better', says Princess Anne as royals attend Sandringham church service without her on New Year's Day in rural England  It's New Year's Eve somewhere! 5 Seconds of Summer's Ashton Irwin looks a little worse for wear as he parties until 8am in the morning Still going for it  She's smitten! Britney Spears shares cuddly snap after celebrating New Year with new love Sam Asghari Britney and her new guy are inseparable Fifty Shades Darker teases more steamy sex scenes with new TV ad Fans got a peek at the upcoming Fifty Shades Darker movie  'Her tongue freaks me out!' Jessica Simpson's BFF CaCee Cobb posts silly selfie while celebrating New Year's Eve Frequently sticks it out  'Toddler headbutt!': Jason Biggs starts the New Year with a black eye from two-year-old son Sid Enjoyed his first day of 2017 with a large shiner  'Hello 2017': Ed Sheeran promises new music in five days' time... as he appears on social media for the first time in 57 weeks Exciting comeback  The dry January drinks that are actually DELICIOUS: Wine expert HELEN MCGINN recommends the best teetotal tipples you can try at home That's one passionate midnight kiss! Miley Cyrus shares her New Year's cinch with fiancé Liam Hemsworth as they attend New Year's Eve party Real love: Housewives' star Luann de Lesseps marries Tom D'Agostino in Palm Beach ceremony after banning Bravo from filming the event Blac Chyna and Rob Kardashian put on a united front as they celebrate New Year's Eve together... as she puts her engagement ring back on Gerard Depardieu displays his portly frame as he strips off his shirt during a hot and sweaty rehearsal for his stage show in Buenos Aires Hot under the collar  Sherlock's Amanda Abbington admits it was 'weird' revisiting parenting onscreen with now ex-partner Martin Freeman... ahead of series return '2017 here we go!' Joanna Krupa gets cheeky with a pretty pal as they ring in the New Year in their bikinis Couldn't keep their hands off each other He's the man who told us that Trump would triumph - now look what Mystic Morgan predicts for Meghan (not to mention other surprises that might come in 2017) Having an auld lang fine time! Gwen Stefani locks lips with Blake Shelton as they enjoy family New Year's Eve Everyone wanted a kiss at midnight  Victoria Beckham joins Mel C on stage to sing their hit tune 2 Become 1 as the ex bandmates ring in 2017 with in the Maldives with their friends and families 'Don't get blood on the jacket!' 'Drunk Don Lemon' gets his ear pierced live on air during NYE show Displayed a full array of antics  Family meal-a! Mila Kunis stocks up on food with hubby Ashton Kutcher and newborn son Dimitri ahead of NYE Ringing in the new year with a family meal Fergie and Hailee Steinfield flash the flesh in skin flaunting ensembles as they ring in 2017 in style on Dick Clark's New Year's Rockin' Eve Beautiful front and back! Ashley Graham posts rear view topless bikini pic as she enjoys tropical getaway Seeing in 2017 in The Seychelles  Nicki Minaj shows off her ample assets in plunging silver jumpsuit as she rings in 2017 with Miami gig... after replacing Jennifer Lopez at the last minute 'A blessed way to bring in 2017!' Amy Smart surprises fans as she welcomes a daughter with husband Carter Oosterhouse Incredible news  Thatkiss Neverbeen! Jennifer Lawrence reveals she has never had a New Year's Eve kiss Has never had a midnight smooch Iggy Azalea hoping for 'better vibe' in the New Year after 2016 saw ex-fiancé Nick Young cheat on her, X Factor flop, and Guy Sebastian brand her a 'weirdo' Kathy Griffin reveals large armpit sweat patches during live NYE celebration with Anderson Cooper Was it too hot for the co-host on CNN  Now that's a Happy New Year! Khloe Kardashian kisses Tristan Thompson as they ring in 2017 together Sealed with a smooch 'One for the mommies tonight': Mums go into meltdown as Tom Hardy reads the bedtime story on the BBC's children's channel on New Year's Eve Such a cheeky boy! Usher posts photo of 'bonita' wife Grace's bottom as they welcome the New Year in a hot tub Looks like his party is just peachy  Nicole Kidman's surprise 'happy' dance at Keith Urban's NYE show in Nashville thrills fans... but leaves some asking if she's had a bit too much to drink 'Happy New Year!' Pink delights in her newborn baby while Gisele Bundchen prances on the beach as the stars welcome 2017 Stares are celebrating Engaged! TV producer Greg Berlanti and LA Galaxy winger Robbie Rogers announce plans to wed Exciting news to end the year  M*A*S*H star William Christopher dies of cancer at age 84 The storied actor is known for playing Father Mulcahy on the 70s hit show  From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. A familiar old friend that could be the perfect starter phone: Dailymail.com's verdict on the iPhone SE The new iPhone SE has a 4inch screen and familiar design - but has had a huge upgrade on the inside, making this a perfect first time iPhone. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The iPad grows up: Apple's iPad Pro The iPad Pro is, for many, a real laptop replacement - and a way to combine work and play in a gadget that will last all day and won't break your back to carry. 'A glimpse into the future of the living room': The new Apple TV Apple says apps are the future of TV, and while its new $149 box does have some issues, its combination of streaming services, games and other apps make it the best way to make your TV smart. The end of wonky wifi: Google's OnHub It's incredibly simple to set up, and we found it tripled the speed of our home wifi connection - but at $199 is expensive.. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story Two weeks to go: Downbeat-looking Sasha and Malia return from Hawaii with their parents after last family vacation on Air Force One  843 comments 2 videos SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
SiliconValley.com Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS   Social Web Mobile Cloud Gadgets Cleantech VC Data Games Policy Media   Apple’s got a Black Friday surprise for you By Patrick May / November 22, 2016 at 9:07 AM Could slowing iPhone sales be putting Apple back in touch with its inner Santa? After famously taking a break last year from Black Friday, Apple has returned to the deal-making fold, sending out a teaser on Tuesday suggesting big things are in store — and online — for Apple fans the day after Thanksgiving. “Friday can’t come soon enough,” says the teaser. While the new web page doesn’t specify what Apple products will be on sale or for how much, it does include a plug for free two-day delivery and encourages shoppers in every which way to join the fun. How, for example? By using the Apple Store App, by taking advantage of longer stores hours for the day of the sale, and by clicking on the “Apple Store Gift Cards by Email” button which makes giving someone an Apple gift almost as effortless as breathing. Apple, which declined to comment on the ad, did not participate last year in America’s Great Annual Savings Blowout. In her interview last fall with Fast Company’s Rick Tetzei, Apple’s retail head Angela Ahrendts said the Cupertino-based tech giant had made the decision to sit out Black Friday because “being good to your employees will always be good for business,” suggesting that turning Apple Stores that day into even more crowded madhouses than normal would be like adding insult to injury upon its retail staffers. To be honest, Apple has never been a huge player in the Black Friday space, usually offering educational pricing to everyone, which meant a typical discount of around 10 percent. And that, of course, is peanuts compared with the doorbusting swagger of a Walmart or a Best Buy. But now Apple’s back in business on Black Friday, perhaps motivated by the fact that in October the company reported annual sales had fallen for the first time in 15 years. The sale this week means that while retail store hours will differ by location many will offer expanded opening and closing times to handle the increased foot traffic. That’s not to say Apple’s only concerned about its brick-and-mortar shops; the company’s new Black Friday teaser page is heavily focused on the e-commerce side of things, pointing out that sales that occur during this one-day event will include free shipping, as long as the order is placed before 5 p.m., presumably Pacific Coast time.  Two-hour delivery will also be available through Apple’s partnership with Postmates, which launched a year ago in select markets. The teaser page offers plenty of gift ideas, too, including music gifts, photography gifts, toys and games and, of course, Apple gifts like iPhone, iPad, Macbook, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Finally, while it’s not clear from the web page whether the deals will be online only or also in the Apple Stores, the page says to “Come back this Friday to check everyone off your list.” Photo by Mark Lennihan/AP Share this: Email Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Reddit Google More Pinterest Tumblr     More Posts in Silicon Beat Apple sued over girl’s death at hands of driver ‘distracted’ by FaceTime video call December 30, 2016   Edit button, please? Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey turns to users for advice December 30, 2016   Uber, Lyft answer senator’s questions about discrimination in ride-hailing December 30, 2016       Share this Post Tweet           About SiliconBeat Sign up for the Good Morning Silicon Valley newsletter GMSV     Tweets from @siliconbeat/siliconbeat   Popular Posts Google HR chief Laszlo Bock leaving to launch startup Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg says he isn’t atheist,… Falling from the sky: Amazon Prime Air’s first… Apple sued over girl’s death at hands of driver… Facebook faces lawsuit over naked photo of 14-year-old girl     Archives Archives Select Month December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005   Related Feeds 60-Second Business Break Green Energy News Opinion Personal Tech Venture Capital                       Education WordPress Theme by Copyright © 2017 Bay Area News Group. All Rights Reserved   Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « Did Microsoft make Apple Blink with the Success of Surface Tablets? Microsoft's CEO Says Yes | Main | Cook Did the Right Thing and Congratulated Trump on his Great Victory to Open the Door for Dialog » November 22, 2016 Apple's Temporary Black Friday Sales Event Website is up to Get you Pumped for Devices, Music, Photography and Games   Unlike last year, Apple will be holding a classic Black Friday Sales event this Friday. Apple will be offering fast free next-day delivery on any in-stock iPhone. If you live near an Apple Store, you'll be able to pick up your order within an hour. You could check out the details about shipping and tracking here. One segment that Apple is showcasing this year is photography and one of the specific items Apple is promoting big time is the DJI Mavic Pro Drone for $999.95. A video of the drone is presented below.     You could check out Apple's Black Friday Event page on Photography here.       You could also check out Apple's Black Friday Event page on Apple products covering the iPhone 7, Apple TV, MacBook, the Apple Watch and much more here;. games and toys here and finally, music related gifts here.   About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.       Posted by Jack Purcher on November 22, 2016 at 11:54 AM in 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports , Videos (Reports with) | Permalink Comments The comments to this entry are closed. Search Recent Posts Note7 Probe Results due this Month While Samsung Admits that Growth will lag in 2017 Due to Tough Competition Apple's Chief Israeli Officer Appointed to Run the Israeli Government's 'Innovation Authority' Apple Partnered with Photographers to Capture New Year's Celebrations from around the World on iPhone 7 Apple's Normal Order Management after Christmas seems to have Falsely Alarmed Seasoned News Sites Foxconn Reaching Full Robotic Production Automation for All-in-One PC's and Advancing to other Products every Year Production of Apple's AirPods goes into High Gear in Multiple Shanghai Plants to Meet Consumer Demand Family Sues Apple for not using a patented iOS Feature Designed to shut Off Certain Apps while Driving In Apple's Wearable Device Universe you'll one day wear a Mini iPhone, iPod or Medical Device on your Wrist Apple Advances the Concept of the Apple Watch's Digital Crown Coming to all iDevices eventually Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports 6. Patently Xtra News 7. Snap News 8. Apple-IBM MobileFirst 9. Apple Events & Financial Related Accessories Apple & Market Statistics Apple - Macs Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple iTunes / Apple Music Apple Pay, iWallet, NFC Related Apple Pencil - Smart Pen Apple Store Apple Watch + Other Wearables AppleTV Related Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible, Foldable Facial Recognition & 3D Related Future Interfaces Green Technology Haptics & Tactile iBeacon News + Inductive, Wireless Charging Liquid Metal Location Related, Indoor Mapping Maps Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Reports Projection Related Security Related Smart Bezels + Social Networking Software + OS Solar Energy Sports Related Travel Related Vehicle Related Videos Videos (Reports with) See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Apple in 2017: What’s next for Mac, iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch & Apple TV this year Trending in Apple Apple Watch, New Year’s resolutions, and losing 50 pounds Trending in Reviews Hands-on: LG Apple-endorsed 5K Display – an UltraFine choice for MacBook Pro owners? [Video] Trending in Apple Review: Nanoleaf’s Aurora smart lighting panels match modular customization with HomeKit control [Video] Trending in Apple iPhone 8: Everything we currently know about Apple’s 10th anniversary flagship Trending in Apple Comment: Apple continues to explore bringing the Digital Crown to iPhones & iPads, and I still like the idea November 22, 2016 AAPL: 111.80 0.07 The best 4K & 5K USB-C and Thunderbolt 3 displays for MacBook Pro & MacBook Jordan Kahn - 1 month ago @JordanKahn MacBook Pro MacBook USB-C Thunderbolt 3 View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit We already gave you the rundown on requirements for connecting your old DisplayPort and HDMI displays to the new MacBook Pro, and if you need a new monitor now, the best option going forward is probably to go all-in on USB-C. That goes not only for MacBook Pro or 12-inch MacBook users, but also anyone who wants to be future-proofed as Apple moves to Thunderbolt 3 on other devices going forward (most displays have HDMI and/or DisplayPort for your other Macs).  These are the best 4K and 5K USB-C and Thunderbolt 3 displays available so far: With a Thunderbolt 3 or USB-C display, you’ll be able to use a single cable to hook up to your MacBook Pro or 12-inch MacBook, and forgo the need for adapters that will be necessary for other displays. Thunderbolt 3 and USB-C use the same physical connector, but Apple’s Thunderbolt 3 tech offers some perks for MacBook Pro users– 5K! LG Ultrafine 4K 21.5-inch ($524) Unveiled alongside the new MacBook Pro late last month, Apple collaborated with LG to make this new 21.5-inch 4K display that includes USB-C for a single cable connection to the new MacBook Pro and the 12-inch MacBook. That means you’re guaranteed compatibility with your new MacBook (Pro), and a recent limited time price drop by Apple (reflected above) means it’s also one of the best priced options on the market. Unlike some of the other options on this list, however, lack of HDMI and DisplayPort means you’ll need adapters for use with older, non-USB-C Macs. 4096×2304 resolution IPS panel P3 wide colour One USB-C (input), Three USB-C (USB 2, 480 Mbps) Built-in stereo speakers USB-C cable (1.8m) included Up to 60W of charging power It’s available to order now from Apple.com with a 5-6 week shipping estimate currently, but we’ve heard some Apple stores might have stock you can walk in and pick-up now. LG Ultrafine 5K 27-inch ($974) This is your only Thunderbolt 3 option currently, which is likely why Apple collaborated with LG to make this new 5K display to launch alongside the 2016 MacBook Pros. Apple’s latest version of its Thunderbolt technology, Thunderbolt 3, uses the same physical connector as USB-C, but it offers support for this display’s 27-inch 5120-by-2880 resolution, making it the only 5K monitor you can drive over a single Thunderbolt 3 cable (included). The few other 5K display options on the market will require a dual-cable solution and adapters for use with the new MacBook Pro (and Mac Pro). With the 15-inch MacBook Pro, you can drive of two of these displays, while the 13-inch model will drive a single 5K display. Like the 4K model above, Apple is currently offering limited time discounted pricing until the new year. 5120-by-2880 resolution 27-inch IPS panel P3 wide colour One Thunderbolt 3 (input), three USB-C (USB 3.1 gen 1, 5Gbps) Built-in stereo speakers, camera, microphone Up to 85W of charging power *Available in December from Apple.com and Apple Stores.  LG 27UD88-W 4K  27″ LED-Lit Monitor ($709) One of the highest-rated USB-C, 4K monitors that you can buy right now also comes from LG, the 27-inch ‘27UD88-W’. Currently available around $700 shipped, this monitor is a great alternative to the UltraFine model above if you want something bigger than 21.5-inches but with similar specs. It’s also marketed as a gaming monitor, with LG’s FreeSync tech, Black Stabilizer and Game Mode for a superior gaming experience. And unlike the UltraFine models, it has HDMI and USB 3.0 ports in addition to USB-C. It’s also currently one of the only monitors that the 12-inch MacBook can drive at 4K and 60Hz without a workaround that we know of (although that downgrades the USB ports to 2.0 speeds).  Check out our full review for more. 4K UHD (3840 x 2160) IPS Monitor sRGB over 99% Color Calibration Pro Two USB 3.0 Quick Charge ports One USB Type-C input, two HDMI ports On-Screen Control with Screen Split 2.0 Up to 60W of charging power Buy on Amazon.  HP ENVY 27 4k Display ($499) Announced last month, this USB-C 4K display from HP is looking like it will be a contender at $499 when it launches December 4. Note the “micro-edge bezel”, which doesn’t look to be that much thinner than LG’s, but impressive nonetheless on a monitor at this price and with overall decent specs. 27-inch diagonal 4K IPS2 panel with a micro-edge bezel AMD FreeSyncTM10 to reduce image tears and stutters sRGB color accuracy exceeds 99 percent Display Port, HDMI and USB-C Available now on HP.com for $499 and from select retailers Lenovo ThinkVision X1 Wide 27” Wide UHD IPS Monitor ($639) One of the only other USB-C 4K displays available is this new ThinkVision X1 model from Lenovo. At around $600, it has a few noteworthy perks including an FHD camera, built-in microphone and a tilt stand. You’ll also find HDMI2.0 and DP1.2 ports. Native resolution of 3840 x 2160 100% sRGB color gamut Slim design (slimmest part is 7.5mm) Full function USB 3.1 Type-C, HDMI2.0 and DP1.2 port FHD camera, built-in microphone and stereo speakers USB 3.0 Hub Tilt stand for viewing comfort Buy from Lenovo’s website or Amazon. Not quite 4K: Acer H277H ($458) Our runner-up if you can deal with the not-quite-4K resolution (2560 x 1440), is the Acer H277H display. This is maybe a better companion for the 12-inch MacBook, especially considering the gold color option.  27″ IPS WQHD Widescreen with 2560 x 1440 resolution Response Time: 4ms Pixel Pitch: 0.2331mm Signal Inputs: 1 x HDMI (v2.0) & 1 x Display Port 1 x USB 3.1 Type-C port Buy on Amazon. Want to hook up your old DisplayPort, Mini DisplayPort, or HDMI monitor to the 2016 MacBook Pro or 12-inch MacBook? Check out our MacBook Pro external display support explainer with a breakdown on requirements for adapters and cables. Guides MacBook Pro View THe Guide MacBook View THe Guide USB-C View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Follow Geek Tech Movies Games Television Comics Culture Deals Tesla’s Latest Autopilot May Avoid Highway Collisions Better Than Humans Technology Allows Amazon to Protect Its Drones From Your Guns Twitter Might Allow You to Edit Your Tweets in 2017 Geek deals: Dell Inspiron 15 5000 15.6-inch laptop for $549 More MovieBob Reviews: SILENCE (2016) Ryan Gosling to Star in Neil Armstrong Biopic What to Look Forward to in Entertainment in 2017 MovieBob Review: HIDDEN FIGURES More Blizzard Celebrates 20th Anniversary of Diablo With Cross-Franchise Events Windows 10 “Game Mode” Will Boost Performance of PC Games Players Honor Carrie Fisher in Star Wars Video Games You Can’t Remove the Battery From the Nintendo Switch More The 10 Best New TV Shows of 2016 Carrie Fisher, Debbie Reynolds HBO Documentary Set to Air in January Now Adventure Time Creator’s Next Project Could Be a Castlevania Cartoon 13 Things That Will Probably Make 2017 Suck Less More Trillions of Tribbles Tribute Art Aubrey Sitterson Talks G.I. Joe, Transformers, and Everything in Between Buy This Comic: Love Is Love #1 The Secret History of G.I. Joe and Transformers More What I'm Looking Forward to in 2017 There's a Total Solar Eclipse on the Way in 2017 Beware, 2016 Will Last One Second Longer The Current, Canonical Star Wars Timeline More Tech Apple Will Replace Your Crummy iPhone 6S Battery For Free By Lee Mathews 11.22.2016 :: 12:45PM EST Stay on target iPhone 6 and 6 Plus are falling victim to “touch disease” Apple creates iPhone 6 Smart Battery Case with a questionable design Rest easy, iPhone 6S owners. If your device is randomly shutting down and the only fix is a new battery, Apple’s coming to the rescue. They’ll replace it for you at no cost. They officially announced the swap program just days after the Chinese Consumer Agency lodged a complaint about the issue. According to the CCA, “the number of people who’ve reported this problem is rather many.” There’s an asterisk, as there always is with these things. Apple says that the problem only impacts iPhone 6S in “a limited serial number range that was manufactured between September and October 2015.” Apple’s not just looking after new replacements, either. If you own an affected iPhone 6S and you went to Apple for a repair before the program was announced, they’ll refund your money. That’s a whole lot more generous than what they’re offering iPhone 6 and 6S users whose devices have contracted “touch disease.” In case you missed it, Apple’s placing the blame for that issue squarely on users, and all they’re offering is a discount on the repair. $149 is a whole lot less than the standard $329 they ask for out-of-warranty repairs,  but it’s a big slap in the face to owners who’ve been careful with their iPhones and haven’t “dropped multiple times on a hard surface” — which is what Apple says causes touch disease. But hey, if your iPhone 6S has been doubly impacted at least you’ll only be out of pocket for one of the repairs… so you’ll have a few extra bucks to put toward their new $300 coffee table book. Share Facebook Twitter Linkedin Pinterest Reddit Apple battery iphone iPhone 6 repairs Speak Your Mind More in Tech 12.30.2016 :: 3:45PM EST :: Brittany Vincent Tech Tesla’s Latest Autopilot May Avoid Highway Collisions Better Than Humans Tech 12.30.2016 :: 1:30PM EST :: Carli Velocci Tech Technology Allows Amazon to Protect Its Drones From Your Guns Tech 12.30.2016 :: 11:37AM EST :: Brittany Vincent Tech Twitter Might Allow You to Edit Your Tweets in 2017 Tech 12.30.2016 :: 8:00AM EST :: Grant Brunner Tech Geek deals: Dell Inspiron 15 5000 15.6-inch laptop for $549 Tech 12.29.2016 :: 8:30AM EST :: Brittany Vincent Tech You Can Use This Operating System and USB Drive to Revive Derelict Laptop Tech More subscribe to our newsletter: Subscribing to a newsletter indicates your consent to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. The 10 Best New TV Shows of 2016 Television 01.02.2017 :: 1:00PM EST Geek deals: Vader's dark side empirical stout t-shirt for $18 Deals 12.30.2016 :: 3:45PM EST Tesla’s Latest Autopilot May Avoid Highway Collisions Better Than Humans Tech 12.30.2016 :: 1:30PM EST Technology Allows Amazon to Protect Its Drones From Your Guns Tech More © 1996-2016 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group Privacy Policy Terms of Use About Contact Archives Glossary Advertise PCMag.com Extreme Tech Computer Shopper IGN Toolbox Accessibility Statement unused
Share 15 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-01-02 Maddie Ziegler YouTube Channel Launched: ‘Dance Moms’ Star Says ‘It’s Gonna Be Really, Really Fun’ Entertainment 2017-01-01 Netflix News: What’s Leaving In January Entertainment 2017-01-01 Whose New Year’s Eve Meltdown Was More Entertaining, Don Lemon or Mariah Carey? Entertainment 2016-12-30 ‘Celebrity Big Brother’ 2017 Updates: Kim Kardashian’s Sex Tape Co-Star Rumored To Join The Cast News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2017-01-02 Poll: Most Americans Don’t Think Donald Trump Can Prevent Scandal In His Administration News 2017-01-02 Oklahoma Earthquakes: Series Of Small Earthquakes Rattle Oklahoma Residents News 2017-01-02 Mugshot Model Jeremy Meeks Had An Amazing 2016 After Doing Time News 2017-01-02 The Real Story Of The Trump Draft Deferment: Did He Dodge The Draft With A Medical Excuse? Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Football 2017-01-02 The Chicago Bears Should Target These Three Players In The Offseason Wrestling 2017-01-02 WWE News: Alberto Del Rio Arrested After Fight In Austria Wrestling 2017-01-02 ‘WWE Monday Night Raw’ Results: Goldberg Talks About ‘Royal Rumble 2017’ [Live Updates] Basketball 2017-01-02 NBA Trade Rumors: Avery Bradley To Lakers, Jahlil Okafor To Celtics, Jordan Clarkson To 76ers Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-01-01 New Year’s Resolutions You Can Actually Keep Lifestyle 2017-01-01 New Year’s Resolution Tips: Experts Tell How To Pick And Stick To Your Resolutions In 2017 Lifestyle 2016-12-31 New Year’s Resolution: 7 Things You Must Add To Your List Lifestyle 2016-12-30 Anything Open New Year’s Eve & New Year’s Day? Holiday Hours For Stores, Restaurants, Banks, Post Office As We Ring In 2017 Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-01-02 Over 700 U.S. Hospitals Penalized For ‘Superbug’ Infections And Patient Injuries: Is Your Hospital On The List? Health 2017-01-01 FDA Warns Pregnant Women Of High Rate Of False Positives For Zika Test: Less Than Half Of Positive ZIKV Detect Test Samples Actually Had Zika Health 2017-01-01 New Form Of Medical Marijuana Helps Treat Kids With Epilepsy Health 2016-12-31 What Is Intersex? Inside The Medical Condition That Is As Common As Red Hair Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2017-01-02 ‘Tom Clancy’s The Division’ 1.6 Update: Review Of Last Stand Datamine Leak Reveals PvP Control Points, Dark Zone Gameplay Events, And Leaderboard Checkpoints [Rumors] Gaming 2017-01-02 ‘The Celebrity Apprentice’ 2017 Spoilers: Which Contestants Are Rumored To Go Far In The New Season With Arnold Schwarzenegger? Gaming 2017-01-02 For ‘Destiny 2,’ Bungie Focuses On Improving Storytelling Gaming 2017-01-01 ‘Marvel Vs. Capcom Infinite’: Mega Man X Huge Part Of Cinematic Story Mode, Developers Reveal BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-01-02 IPhone Case Looks Like A Gun – Brings Warning To Public From Police [Photo] BuzzWorthy 2017-01-02 Mom Donates 18.5 Gallons Of Breastmilk Following Her Newborn’s Death, Claims Pumping Helped Her Heal BuzzWorthy 2017-01-02 Japanese Boy Band SMAP Quietly Disbands: Decision Not Unanimous, Indicates Agency Of Popular J-Pop Band That Was Together Since 1988 BuzzWorthy 2017-01-02 Trump Hates This Photo Of Himself On CNN’s ‘Unprecedented’ Book Cover: 25 Other Photos Trump Might Hate SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Best Apple iPhone 7 Black Friday Deals: Walmart, Target, Best Buy And More Shopping 15 0 0 November 22, 2016 Best Apple iPhone 7 Black Friday Deals: Walmart, Target, Best Buy And More Hemal Vora Black Friday is just around the corner, and everyone is ready to shop at discounted prices. Several excellent Apple iPhone 7 Black Friday deals have been announced by resellers offering deep discounts on the product. Apple is known for not providing any Black Friday deals on its products. Just like every year this year too, several other retailers will be offering amazing deals on iPhone 7. The resellers that are offering the best Apple iPhone 7 Black Friday deals are Walmart, Target, and Best Buy. Apple iPhone 7 will also be available at lower prices if users are willing to trade-in their old phones or are willing to switch carriers. Walmart Black Friday deals for Apple iPhone 7 Walmart is offering a wide range of deals on Apple iPhone. Walmart will not offer any discounts, but they will offer a $250 gift card the with the purchase of an eligible iPhone, which can be bought in the stores on a Verizon Device installment plan or AT&T Next plan. The monthly installment plans are likely to last for 24 months. Walmart's expanded assortment brings more choices for customers and our largest #CyberWeek event, earlier than ever https://t.co/pDwKFIrMTj pic.twitter.com/KZOUZDljKA — Walmart Newsroom (@WalmartNewsroom) November 21, 2016 The Walmart Black Friday deals on iPhone includes the iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus, iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus, and iPhone SE. If you are not interested in spending a huge sum on iPhone 7, Walmart has got you covered too. The lower end model, iPhone 5s can be purchased at $99, down from the actual price of $149. There is a small catch, and the iPhone 5s needs to be purchased with the Straight Talk wireless plan. Target Black Friday deals for Apple iPhone 7 Target is offering some amazing discounts on the iPhone 7. Similar to Walmart, Target will also offer a $250 gift card on purchase of iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. The best Apple iPhone 7 Black Friday deals by Target will let you buy the iPhone 7 or iPhone 7 Plus without putting down any money. But the buyers will have to activate the phone with Sprint, Verizon or AT&T installment or leasing plans. The deal will be offered exclusively in-store. [Image by Spencer Platt/Getty Images] Best Buy Black Friday deals for Apple iPhone 7 Best buy iPhone 7 deals also include a $250 gift card with the purchase of iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. The phones should be purchased with the qualifying Verizon, Sprint, and AT &T installment billing plans. The iPhone 7 256 GB is listed at $1,069.99. Buyers can avail themselves of the deal on phones with lower storage options too, but the value of gift card will decrease accordingly. The offer is valid from November 24-26. Buyer can also purchase an iPhone SE for $9.99 per month for a period of 24 months. Again the phone will have to be activated with the earlier mentioned carriers. This best Black Friday deal on Apple iPhone will save you a total of $160. eBay Black Friday deals for Apple iPhone 7 Most of the best Black Friday deals on iPhone 7 include an installment plan and being stuck with a carrier for 24 months. For buyers who do not like the idea of purchasing with installment, eBay’s new deal is worth checking out. An eBay seller alldayzip is offering unlocked iPhone 7 at prices less than Apple. Buyers can purchase either the 256 GB, 128 GB or 32 GB, and each model is available in all the color options, which include Gold, Silver, Pink, and Black. Total savings will range from $49 to $29 depending on the model purchased. The best part of the deal is that it is already live, so there is no need to wait until Black Friday. Best Black Friday deals on iPhone 7 are available if you are willing to trade-in. Verizon is offering a $300 credit if your trade-in your old device in working conditions. The savings will be credited over a period of 24 months. AT&T is also offering a deal on iPhone 7 32 GB. You can purchase it for an effective price of $0 if you switch to AT&T and have DirecTV service. So what do you think about these best Apple iPhone 7 Black Friday deals? Let us know in the comment section below. [Featured Image by Sean Gallup/Getty Images] Now Read This: Andrea Contin: Catholic Priest Allegedly Held Orgies In His Rectory, Pimped Women Share 15 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Hemal Vora Tags: Best Apple iPhone 7 Black Friday Deals, Best iPhone Black Friday Deals, Target deals, Apple black friday deals December 20, 2016 Syrian Government Names American Among Foreign Terrorists Caught In Aleppo [Video] December 16, 2016 Independent Journalist Eva Bartlett, Peace Workers, Challenge Western Media On Syria Comments LATEST HEADLINES Melbourne Polluted Beaches: Australia Officials Facing Stinky Situation, Warn Public Of Fecal Matter Incursion The Chicago Bears Should Target These Three Players In The Offseason Trump’s New Year: Parties With Friends, Tweets Enemies Mark Hamill Writes Touching Tribute To His Friend Carrie Fisher Boy George Slammed For Mocking Bisexuals On Social Media WWE News: Alberto Del Rio Arrested After Fight In Austria Hillary Clinton’s Loss In The Election Was Imminent When She Canceled The Fireworks Show, Donald Trump Says Supreme Court Showdown: How President Obama Could Still Fill That Vacant Seat To Thwart Trump ‘The Walking Dead’ Ratings Cause Red Alerts With AMC Stocks ‘WWE Monday Night Raw’ Results: Goldberg Talks About ‘Royal Rumble 2017’ [Live Updates] Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Julian Assange Has Confirmed That The U.S. Government Is Lying To The American People About Russia 34k 0 0 2NE1: YG Entertainment K-Pop Girl Group Confirmed To Disband, CL And Dara Re-Signed To Label As Soloists 37.1k 0 0 Win An iPhone 7 From ‘The Inquisitr’ 52 0 0 Theo James Not Engaged To Girlfriend Ruth Kearney, Shailene Woodley And ‘Underworld’ Actor Say Goodbye To ‘Divergent’ Movies 2.6k 0 0 Delayed Kindergarten Enrollment Dramatically Reduces ADHD In Children, Study Shows 374.7k 0 0 Bernie Sanders Tells Trump ‘Keep Your Promises’, Don’t Cut Social Security Or Medicare 2.3k 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact News Partners Opposing Views Huffington Post Fark Buzz Feed Supported By DoubleClick Google Adsense Softlayer Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr News.
ETF News Best ETFs Top Rated ETFs Best ETF Categories ETF Screener Tools ETF Screener Find Whats In Your ETF Find What ETFs Hold Your Stock Find ETFs By Leverage Find ETFs By Asset Class Free Newsletter Search Apple Is Actually Having A Black Friday Sale November 22, 2016 1:00pm Nasdaq:AAPL ShareTweet Tech titan Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL), which has long avoided putting any of its high-margin devices on sale, just announced a one-day holiday sales event for Black Friday. Details of the event are slim, but as you can see in the image above, the Apple Watch is featured prominently. As such, consumers can safely expect some kind of discount or bundle deal for the world’s best-selling smartwatch. Apple hasn’t participated in any Black Friday promotions since 2014, when it offered free iTunes gift cards with select purchases. This time around, the company is insinuating actual discounts on hardware, which again is a very rare occurrence. The only thing the company will say about the move is that “Our one-day shopping event will be here before you know it. Come back this Friday to check everyone off your list.” Those looking to head to brick-and-mortar Apple Stores to take advantage of the deals should probably call ahead first, since hours vary widely by location. Apple is famous for not requiring its employees to work long hours on holidays, so don’t expect any marathon all-night shopping sessions at your local Apple Store. Apple shares rose $0.08 (+0.07%) to $111.81 in Tuesday afternoon trading. Year-to-date, shares of the world’s largest company by market cap have gained 6.24%. Tags: Apple Inc. Black Friday Equity NASDAQ:AAPL technology Categories: Nasdaq:AAPL Read Next Apple’s Next Big Thing Might Be Augmented Reality Apple Set to Unveil New MacBooks, iMacs at October Event The Jet-Black iPhone 7 is Suffering from Production Issues Report: Cellular-Enabled Apple Watch Facing Major Delays Apple iPhone 7 Release Date is September 23, According to Leaked AT&T Retail Schedule Recommended for You Get Free Updates Join over 50,000 investors who get the latest news from ETFDailyNews.com! Subscribe Most Popular The “Dogs Of The Dow” Strategy Worked Incredibly Well In 2016 Investors: The $1 Billion Armageddon Trade Placed Against The United States ETF Ticker Page Our Exclusive Tools Best ETFs List Best ETF Categories ETF Screener Find Whats In Your ETF Find What ETF Holds Your Stock Search ETFs By Leverage Search ETFs By Asset Class Sponsored Content From Our Partners Explore More from ETFDailyNews.com Free Daily Newsletter Get daily ETF insights from our market experts. Never miss another important market development again! Sign Me Up ETFDailyNews.com respects your privacy. Best ETFs We've rated and ranked nearly 2,000 ETFs and ETNs using our proprietary SMART Grade system. View Top Rated ETFs Best Categories We've ranked dozens of ETF categories based on relative performance. Best ETF Categories ©2017 ETF Daily News About Us | Authors | Contact Us | Terms of Use
null
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Apple in 2017: What’s next for Mac, iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch & Apple TV this year Trending in Apple Apple Watch, New Year’s resolutions, and losing 50 pounds Trending in Reviews Hands-on: LG Apple-endorsed 5K Display – an UltraFine choice for MacBook Pro owners? [Video] Trending in Apple Review: Nanoleaf’s Aurora smart lighting panels match modular customization with HomeKit control [Video] Trending in Apple iPhone 8: Everything we currently know about Apple’s 10th anniversary flagship Trending in Apple Comment: Apple continues to explore bringing the Digital Crown to iPhones & iPads, and I still like the idea November 22, 2016 AAPL: 111.80 0.07 9to5Toys Last Call: Nest Thermostat $200, Seagate 2TB Portable HDD $70, more Trevor Daugherty - 1 month ago @trevorjd14 Deals View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Keep up with the best gear and deals on the web by signing up for the 9to5Toys Newsletter. Also, be sure to check us out on: Twitter, RSS Feed, Facebook, Google+ and Safari push notifications. TODAY’S CAN’T MISS DEALS: Last Call Updates: Best of Black Friday 2016 – Top 10 Tech Picks: Samsung 50″ 4K UHDTV $398, ecobee3 Thermostat $200, iPad Air 2 $274, more Outfit your new Apple Watch this holiday season with a fresh band from $14 Black Friday TVs: Samsung 40″ 4K $300, Toshiba 60″ 4K w/ Roku $600, more Philips Wake-Up Lights and Alarms from $60 shipped Amazon’s 1-Day Calvin Klein Sale w/ up to 50% off men’s jackets, shirts, more Adidas is planning to release a pair of  shoes that are biodegradable Free Xbox Live Gold Games for December: Sleeping Dogs, more STACK modular customizable surge protectors w/ USB charging and more Green Deals: four-pack Triangle 65W BR30 LED Flood Lights $18, more J. Crew Factory: 40% off clearance plus an extra 50% off everything else Masterbuilt Butterball Electric Turkey Fryer: $95 shipped (Reg. $130+) Enjoy fresh baked bread at home w/ the best-selling Cuisinart maker: $67 The new Beats Solo3 Wireless Headphones hit $200 shipped in this doorbuster deal Best Buy Early Access Black Friday Sale: Nest Thermostat $200, Apple deals, Samsung 28-inch 4K Monitor $250, more Perfect for Time Machine! Seagate’s 2TB Backup Plus Slim USB 3.0 Portable Hard Drive is matching its all-time low Amazon price: $70 shipped Grab the WD My Passport Ultra 1TB Portable Hard Drive for $48 + 3TB Toshiba portable for $80 shipped Best Buy is offering $125 off iPad mini 4 Wi-Fi as it gears up for the holiday shopping season: 32GB $275, more Apple’s new 13-inch MacBook Pro w/o Touch Bar is being discounted by up to $200 (tax in NY only) Best of Black Friday – Apple: iPad Pro 9.7-inch from $449, Apple Watch Series 1 $198, iPhone 7/Plus w/ $250 GC, more Best of Black Friday – Media Streamers: Apple TV 64GB $160, more Best of Black Friday – Home: Nest Smart Thermostat/Cam $50 off, more Best of Black Friday 2016 – TVs: Samsung 50″ 4K Smart $398, Toshiba 49″ 4K w/ Chromecast $200, more Best of Black Friday 2016 – Gaming: PS4/Xbox One console bundles + $75 GC or add-ons, New Releases from $25, more Black Friday 2016: Walmart unveils its plans for Cyber Week 2016: Google Home $99, VIZIO 50-inch 4K UHDTV w/ SmartCast $380, more Best Buy Black Friday 2016: Apple Watch Series 1 $219, iPad Air 2 $275, iTunes GC, 49-inch 4K UHDTV w/ Chromecast $200, more Amazon’s month long Black Friday event starts today, get a sneak peek at some of the best upcoming deals Walmart’s Black Friday 2016 Ad: iPhone 7 + $250 GC, iPad Mini 2 32GB $199, 55-inch 4K UHDTV $298, much more Target Black Friday 2016: iPad Pro $150 off, iPhone 7 + $250 GC, Xbox One + $40 GC, iTunes, Beats headphones, much more eBay Black Friday Sneak Peek: iPad Pro $150 off, iMac 5K $400 off, more Final Fantasy Tactics War of the Lions for iOS hits its all time-low: $4 (Reg. up to $16) App Store Free App of the Week: Tayasui Pro realistic painting and sketching (Reg. $5) Call of Duty iOS sale: Strike Team, Zombies & Black Ops Zombies down to $2 each Review: DJI’s OSMO+ makes your videos look beautiful with professional-grade stabilization [Video] MORE NEW GEAR FROM TODAY:   Protect your gear and keep it running during power outages: APC Back-UPS 450VA System $28 shipped (Reg. $50) Night Light with Dual USB Wall Plate Charger $13, more Sony’s Ultra-Slim Soundbar w/ Wireless Subwoofer is a great buy at $198 Enjoy two months of Hulu Plus for free with this deal ($16 value) Mr. Beams wireless LED spotlights are on sale for $20 (Reg. $30) iClever Surge Protector w/ 4 USB ports $12, iPhone 6 Case $12, more Dyson DC59 Cordless Animal Stick/Hand Vacuum hybrid for $250 (Orig. $500) Get two-day shipping w/ a free six-month ShopRunner Membership Meguiar’s Complete Car Care Kit for $40 Prime shipped (Reg. $50), more MORE DEALS STILL LIVE: Apple is getting rid of its Airport Extreme, get a better router for $59 shipped Your Apple Watch would love to charge on Twelve South’s Aluminum HiRise Dock: $25 Prime shipped (Reg. $40+) Linksys DOCSIS 3.0 Cable Modem for $20\ Kindle E-reader Black Friday prices starting at $50 Smart light switches: TP-LINK $30 or GE w/ Dimmer $33 Logitech’s Circle Wireless 1080p Security Camera $130 Roku’s latest Streaming Stick $35 Seagate Backup Plus 8TB External Hard Drive: $180 Samsung 37-inch 2.1-ch 120W Bluetooth Soundbar for $83 Huawei Smart Watches for Android and iPhone: $200, more LG G5 Smartphone: $400 Gift Cards up to 20% off: Toys R Us, more Logitech Harmony Home Remote + Hub for $170 Herman Miller Annual Holiday Sale  Save 50% on Polk’s Audio T15 Bookshelf Speakers at Amazon: $50 Canon PIXMA Wireless Printers w/ AirPrint from $30 Get into the game with this LG 34-inch Ultra-Wide IPS Monitor for $275 shipped Score Sony’s 5.2-Ch. 4K A/V Receiver for just $148 shipped (Reg. $250) DJI Phantom 3 Standard Quadcopter with an extra battery for $449 Pre-Black Friday Magazine Deals from under $4/yr (Print & iPad) Green Deals: 4-pack Stainless Steel Solar Outdoor LED Path Lights $19 Save a bundle on a new Little Giant Ladder: 6-ft Stepladder w/ Platform $60 ilumi Bluetooth Smart LED Light Bulb $35, more Free Large Pizzas when you buy $25 eGift Card at Papa John’s Get 15% off sitewide at Monoprice’s Pre-Black Friday Sale Nike takes 25% off clearance items Amazon ramps up Black Friday deals w/ Alexa discounts Bose early Black Friday deals: SoundLink Wireless Headphones $229, more 12-Pack Sharpie Assorted Color Pens $10, more Bean Bag Deals: 7-foot XXL Comfort Suede $122 + more Sony’s Extra Bass Bluetooth Headphones are down to $88 (Reg. $200) Ecobee3 Smart Thermostat w/ Sensor: $200 (Reg. $249) NEW PRODUCTS & MORE: Smart Garden has taken Kickstarter by storm with its big claims and beautiful produce This pocket-sized drone fits inside an iPhone case so you’re always ready to fly LEGO Architecture’s latest Skyline additions include Chicago, London and Sydney MiNT takes old Polaroid cameras and recreates them with modern features DJI’s incredible new Inspire 2 drone takes flight at up to 67MPH and 16,000 feet LEGO Technic unveils new BMW Adventure Motorcycle in celebration of its 40th Anniversary Tablo brings its OTA DVR to Xbox One in hopes of attracting more cordcutters Matrix Powerwatch uses thermal energy from your body to energize its internal battery The N64 Anthology dives into the history behind Nintendo’s iconic gaming console Guides Deals View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
null
null
null
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Apple edges toward command of 50 percent of the Australian phone market Jon Martindale Digital TrendsNovember 22, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share apple australia market share incipio esquire wallet iphoneMore Apple has taken advantage of a shrinking Australian smartphone market to increase its share to close to 50 percent. Although this doesn’t represent a huge gain year on year, the combination of increased interest in Apple’s iPhone 7 and the contraction of the overall market meant it saw a more than six percent increase in its market share. This information comes out of the latest report from market intelligence firm IDC, which highlights how Australian consumers purchased just 2.06 million phones throughout the last quarter, representing an 8.2 percent decline in overall sales. This is the sixth consecutive quarter that the market has contracted, suggesting long-term stagnation in the field. Still, Apple made good during that same period. Increasing its own personal sales in the region by 1.23 percent allowed Apple to take over a further few percent points to control as much as 46.42 percent of the market for the end of the third quarter. More: iPhone 7 and 7 Plus: Our take on Apple’s latest and greatest It’s generally believed that at this point the Australian smartphone market has reached a point of saturation, where enough people have devices that cater to their needs and the incremental yearly upgrades offered are not inspiring purchases. As Zdnet reports, Samsung experienced a near seven percent drop in its market share for the quarter — though the vast issues related to the Galaxy Note 7 can be partially blamed for that. It does however still hold the second most dominant position in the Australian market, followed by Alcatel, ZTE, and Huawei respectively. The biggest growth sectors are thought to be in low to middle-tier devices, which can be more easily purchased outright and still have many of the features of the higher-end models. As consumers start to drift away from regularly upgrading their flagship devices, they appear to be moving toward lower-cost devices which will have lower recurring fees. The no-contract market has risen more than 15 percent in the last year and that trend is expected to continue. It may be that as it does, brands like Apple and Samsung fail to remain the market leaders they are today. Did you buy an iPhone 7 or 7 Plus? So did nearly half of recent iPhone buyers Apple’s iPhone nabbed 104 percent of smartphone industry profits this past quarter Have a smartphone? Chances are very high that it's running Android Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next 9 tech-friendly gifts for people obsessed with travel Yahoo Tech CNN uses screenshot from ‘Fallout 4’ to show how Russians hack things BGR News Facebook launches live 360-degree video feature Yahoo Tech The battle between SSD and HDD is over, and the winner is clear Digital Trends Celebrity sues Tesla, claims Model X drove itself through a wall and into his house BGR News A theory that challenges Newton’s and Einstein’s gravity and nixes dark matter passed its first test Quartz Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo Finance
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Will Trump Tax Changes Motivate 5 Tech Giants With a Half Trillion in Cash? By Lee Jackson November 22, 2016 10:02 am EST Print Email Tweet It’s been a hot topic of discussion for years. When will the politicians in Washington D.C. wise up and lower the tax rate for companies that have billions stored overseas? Many have called for the Congress and the President to lower the repatriation rate to upper single or lower double-digit levels in an effort to encourage American companies to bring the cash back and put it to work. The five S&P 500 companies with the most cash are all American technology mega-cap leaders, and the CEO of Apple Tim Cook has said for years that his company would definitely consider bring their cash back if the tax rate was lowered to what he says is a “fair level.” It should be noted that the U.S. corporate tax level of 35% is among the highest in the world. It is estimated that American companies as a whole have over $2 trillion parked overseas. It should be noted that not all of the cash these top tech companies have on their balance sheets is stored overseas. Here are the five tech companies with the most cash: Alphabet The search giant continues to expand and is even working on a driverless car now. Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ: GOOGL) provides online advertising services in the U.S., the U.K., and rest of the world. The company offers performance and brand advertising services. It operates through Google and Other Bets segments. The Google segment includes principal Internet products, such as Search, Ads, Commerce, Maps, YouTube, Apps, Cloud, Android, Chrome, and Google Play, as well as technical infrastructure and newer efforts, such as Virtual Reality.   The Google segment also sells hardware products comprising Chromecast, Chromebooks, and Nexus. The Other Bets segment includes businesses, such as Access/Google Fiber, Calico, Nest, Verily, GV, Google Capital, X, and other initiatives. Alphabet has an incredible $83.06 billion of cash on the books. It is expanding its product offerings with a new smartphone and a cash infusion could help it continue to launch more projects and buyback shares. A tax break may also help the search giant offer a dividend to investors as the company currently does not pay one. The Wall Street consensus price target for the company is set at $964.60. The stock closed Monday at $784.80. Apple This technology giant has had a rough year, still down over 10% from highs posted in the summer of 2015, in a market making new highs. Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984, and is among the leaders in the world in innovation with the iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, OS X, watchOS and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple has an astonishing $67.88 billion in cash, and again, with a favorable rate those funds could come back to the U.S. and help spur growth. The company could also buy back shares and possibly even increase the dividend. Apple shareholders are paid a 2.04% dividend. The Wall Street consensus price target is posted at $131. The shares closed Monday at $111.73. Cisco This is another one of the top mega-cap technology stock picks on Wall Street. Cisco Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ: CSCO) designs, manufactures, and sells Internet Protocol (IP) based networking products and services related to the communications and information technology industry worldwide. It provides switching products, including fixed-configuration and modular switches, and storage products that provide connectivity to end users, workstations, IP phones, wireless access points, and servers; and next-generation network routing products that interconnect public and private wireline and mobile networks for mobile, data, voice, and video applications. Cisco offers service provider video infrastructure, including set-top boxes, cable/telecommunications access products, and cable modems; and video software and solutions. In addition, it provides collaboration products comprising unified communications products, conferencing products, telepresence systems, and enterprise mobile messaging products; data center products, such as blade, rack, and modular servers, fabric interconnects, software, and server access virtualization solutions; security products, including network and data center security, advanced threat protection, Web and email security, access and policy, unified threat management, and advisory, integration, and managed services; and other products, such as emerging technologies and other networking products. Cisco has a stunning $65.66 billion of cash and a return back to the U.S. could help the company continue to expand its presence in the cloud and offer the flexibility to buy an optical company to help with products beyond the company’s traditional hardware offerings. Cisco investors are paid a sizable 3.46% dividend. The consensus price objective for the company is $33.11. The shares closed Monday at $30.05. Microsoft This is another top old school technology stock that gives investors a degree of mega-cap tech safety, and has a massive $136.79 billion sitting on the balance sheet. Microsoft Inc. (NASDAQ: MSFT) continues to find an increasing amount of support from portfolio managers who have been adding the software giant to their holdings at an increasingly faster pace all of this year and last. Numerous Wall Street analysts feel that Microsoft has become a clear #2 in the public or hyper-scale cloud infrastructure market with Azure, which is the company’s cloud computing platform offering. Some have flagged Azure as a solid rival to Amazon’s AWS service. Some analysts maintain that Microsoft is discounting Azure for large enterprises, such that Azure may be cheaper than AWS for larger user. The top analysts believe the company continues to make steady progress with its Cloud transition and expect Office 365 and Azure to be solid contributors to top and bottom line for the next several years. While not likely to snag the #1 slot from Amazon, it could add huge incremental revenue for years to come, especially when you factor in the huge revenue potential from the banks, insurance companies, and the financial services industry. Microsoft could use its huge cash position to strengthen and expand Azure, purchase complementary companies that could bolster the core offering, buy back shares and increase the dividend. Microsoft shareholders currently receive a 2.58% dividend. The consensus price objective for the software giant is posted at $63.90. The shares close yesterday at $60.86. Oracle This top software stock has traded sideways since the spring, and looks to be putting in a nice cup and handle formation. Oracle Corporation (NYSE: ORCL) develops, manufactures, markets, sells, hosts, and supports database and middleware software, application software, cloud infrastructure, hardware systems, and related services worldwide. The company licenses its Oracle Database software to customers, which is designed to enable reliable and secure storage, retrieval, and manipulation of various forms of data; and Oracle Fusion Middleware software to build, deploy, secure, access, and integrate business applications, as well as automate their business processes. Trading at 15 times estimated 2016 earnings, and sporting a solid free cash flow yield, many analysts also feel that as the company’s 12C database cycle starts to contribute during calendar 2016, the stock could very well be poised for what they term a breakout year. After recent investors meetings some analysts raised fiscal year 2017 cloud margins to 66% from 63% and earnings-per-share to $2.80. The Merrill Lynch team and others on Wall Street feel that the software giant may be on the verge of a multi-year database product cycle (12cR2). Oracle has a huge $68.4 billion of cash and top tech pundits have thought for years the company would love to expand its software-as-a-service or SaaS capabilities. This could be organic or via acquisitions. Share buybacks and a dividend increase could also be in the offing. Oracle investors are paid a 1.51% dividend. The consensus price target for the company is $44.58. The stock closed yesterday at $39.89. If would seem that if anyone understands the advantage for companies to exploit and utilize their cash position it would be President-elect Trump. It also seems almost a certainty that he will work with Congress to lower the rate for the repatriation of cash held abroad. This will help the economy, and also put dollars in the treasury.   I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Lee Jackson « Why Palo Alto Networks Is Sinking Despite Mixed Earnings What to Expect From GameStop Earnings » Read more: Investing, Technology, Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL), Cisco Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ:CSCO), GOOGL, Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT), Oracle Corp. (NASDAQ:ORCL) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular Cities Where You Don't Want to Get Sick Customer Service Hall of Shame The Worst Companies to Work For Meet the 2017 Dogs of the Dow: Massive Dividends and Expected Upside Here's The List Price Of All Boeing's Commercial Airplanes Recent Here’s The List Price Of All Boeing’s Commercial Airplanes Why 2017 May Be a Very Good Year to Sell Your House Coal Mining Firm Ramaco Files for IPO Fiat Chrysler Short Interest Soars Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search How Under Armour Could Sprint Past Its Footwear Sales Goals 5 Cheapest Bank Stocks Right Now Best Cable Stocks of 2016 FTSE MIB Italy index rebounds to gain 1.3% to 19,482.57 Spain IBEX 35 index opens down 0.3% to 9,324.80 FTSE MIB Italy index opens down 0.2% to 19,206.49 Is AerCap Holdings a Great Stock for Value Investors? Incyte Treats First Patient in Phase II GVHD Study on Jakafi Norwegian Cruise: Is it a Great Stock for Value Investors? Oil prices rise as markets eye OPEC, non-OPEC production cuts Asia stocks see subdued start to 2017, dollar resumes climb Twitter China head Kathy Chen leaves company Twitter China head Kathy Chen leaves company How Under Armour Could Sprint Past Its Footwear Sales Goals 5 Cheapest Bank Stocks Right Now New Mexico Store Bans 'Obama & Other Muslims' Chef Sues Dude Ranch Owner Who Allegedly Asked For ‘Black People Food’ Former Atheist Mark Zuckerberg Gets Religion Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP Post to Cancel
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Will the iPhone 8 be a FLIP PHONE? Apple is awarded a patent for new flexible handset design  This is the second 'folding phone' patent granted to Apple this month Rumours suggest that the mechanism could be used on future iPhones  It is unclear when or if Apple will decide to use the patented technology   By Libby Plummer and Shivali Best For Mailonline Published: 12:36 EST, 22 November 2016 | Updated: 12:57 EST, 22 November 2016 e-mail 179 shares 45 View comments Apple has been granted a patent for a folding phone for the second time in a month.  The patents have led to rumours that the Cupertino brand's upcoming iPhone 8 could be influenced by 1990s flip phones, made popular by Motorola.  The new patent illustration shows a hinge in the middle of the handset's display that would enable it to bend in half. The new patent illustration shows a hinge in the middle of the handset's display that would enable it to bend in half. The patent document suggests a flexible nitinol, a nickel and titanium alloy for the handset's support structure on one of several variations listed in the patent. One version of the design leaves the screen hidden when the phone is folded in two, similar to clamshell phones of the past. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next The smartwatch that NEVER needs charging: Timepiece draws... Construction of the world's first full-scale Hyperloop... Watch out! Viral 'prank video' will CRASH any iPhone or iPad... Almost HALF the world will be online by the end of 2016, but... Share this article Share 179 shares Another, leaves the screen visible, but reduced to half its size.  The new design represents one of 39 patents that Apple has been granted today by the US Patent and Trademark Office, reports Patently Apple.    The patents have led to rumours that Apple could be taking inspiration from 'clamshell' design phones that were popular in the 1990s. Pictured is the Motorola StarTAC handset, which was first released in 1996 The patents have led to rumours that the Cupertino brand's upcoming iPhone 8 could be influenced by 90s flip phones, made popular by Motorola. The patent document suggests a flexible nitinol, a nickel and titanium alloy for the handset's support structure on one of several variations listed in the patent When it was launched in 1996, the pocket-sized StarTAC, at just 93g (3.1 ounces), was the world's smallest phone and the first to operate continuously with dual detachable batteries Earlier this month, it emerged that Apple had been awarded a new patent for a foldable iPhone concept. Apple first began researching this technology in 2013, but the new patent suggests the firm is still serious about making foldable phones a reality in the future. While the iPhone 7 only came out in September, rumours are already circulating about what Apple could have in store for future devices. Today it has emerged that the firm has been awarded a new patent for a foldable iPhone concept  FOLDABLE IPHONES  The patent suggests that the future iPhone will be made of glass, ceramic, fibre, aluminium or plastic – materials that are all currently used in devices. But the patent also introduces a new material in the form of 'carbon nanotubes', that would allow the device to be folded down the middle. The patent says: 'Conductive carbon nanotube paths can form signal paths that are flexible and resistant to cracking.' The tubes could be used in various parts of an iPhone, including portions of touch sensors, or in the camera.    The patent was filed on August 28, but was officially awarded to Apple on 2 November. According to Patently Apple, Apple was able to keep the patent a secret by using an engineer's name during the filing process. But the patent itself uses the iPhone name, and shows several images depicting the iconic iPhone design, including the distinctive home button. The patent suggests that the future iPhone will be made of glass, ceramic, fibre, aluminium or plastic – materials that are all currently used in devices. But it also introduces a new material in the form of 'carbon nanotubes', that would allow the device to be folded down the middle. The patent says: 'Conductive carbon nanotube paths can form signal paths that are flexible and resistant to cracking.' The tubes could be used in various parts of an iPhone, including portions of touch sensors, or in the camera.    It also states that the device 'may have a hinge or other bendable joint.' Samsung – one of Apple's biggest rivals – has also been looking at foldable phone technology, and has a large number of patents for similar devices.  Apple was able to keep the patent a secret by using an engineer's name during the filing process. But the patent itself uses the iPhone name, and shows several images depicting the iconic iPhone design, including the distinctive home button Earlier this month, reports also suggested that future Apple devices will have wireless charging. Foxconn Technology Group in New Taipei City, Taiwan is making wireless charging modules to go with Apple's next iPhone, due for release in 2017, according to an industry source familiar with the matter, Nikkei has reported. 'But whether the feature can eventually make it into Apple's updated devices will depend on whether Foxconn can boost the yield rate to a satisfactory level later on,' the source told Nikkei.  It is not clear whether Apple would offer a wireless charging plate, along the same lines as the one made by Samsung for its Galaxy S smartphones. Apple is expected to unveil the most radical redesign ever of its flagship handset for the iPhone's 10th anniversary in 2017. Pictured are two concept drawings SHOULD YOU WAIT FOR THE IPHONE 8? While details on the iPhone 8 are scarce, new reports suggest it will have a totally different look from previous handsets and will come with better cameras. An unnamed employee at an Apple site in Herzliya, Israel, where hardware is being developed for the iPhone 8, has leaked some details about the new handset. Given that 2017 will be the 10th anniversary of the iPhone, it would make sense that Apple has something big planned. But the unnamed employee told Business Insider that the iPhone 8 would be 'different' from previous handsets, which have been critiqued as being too similar. If those rumours are true, the iPhone 8 could rival the Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge which came out in February this year. n January, Apple revisited a patent filed in 2013, which proposed a curved 'glass' case made from an intricate fusion of metals melted together. The design - made from Bulk Amorphous Alloy, which is a mix of titanium, nickel, copper and zirconium melted together - is said to have the smooth texture of glass and the rigid sturdiness of rubber. Despite widespread excitement over the unique design, it still hasn't reached the general public. Apple usually releases a new model, and then an 'S' version of that model the next year, so some people were expected an iPhone 7S to be released in 2017. But the worker used the term 'iPhone 8' unprompted during the conversations, suggesting Apple may be skipping the 7S entirely.    Read more: Apple Wins Surprising Patent for a Future Bendable or Foldable iPhone using Advanced Carbon Nanotube Structures - Patently Apple Patent Images Apple Granted 39 Patents Today Covering a One-Time Secret Patent for a Flexible, Foldable iPhone Design - Patently Apple Patent Images Share or comment on this article e-mail 179 shares Most watched News videos Mariah botches New Year's Eve performance and storms off stage Heart-warming moment woman plays piano and sings in cathedral Man goes crazy when he catches another guy in bed with his wife Woman takes seven minutes to parallel park car in double space Man finally talks to wife after over twenty years of silence Passenger insults flight attendant before being led away by police Disturbing moment pitbull kills small dog in front of its owner Mass brawl erupts between customers and restaurant staff Dog shows off its incredibly efficient banana-eating technique Bottles and furniture thrown during terrifying NYE fight Spooky! 'Ghost' appears to follow two people down a driveway Take a look inside one of the brand new flats in The Collective Trump blasts Chicago mayor Rahm Emanuel for record-setting... Some people won't be having a happy new year! Carnage on the... George Michael's lover Fadi Fawaz reveals the singer died... Dick Clark Productions slams Mariah Carey's accusations of... Bitter Lemon? CNN anchor Don Lemon has his microphone cut as... New year, new life! Hot mugshot felon celebrates the... EXCLUSIVE - Weed belong together: Mariah Carey spotted... First pictures inside Istanbul nightclub show bodies strewn... ISIS is plotting ‘mass casualty’ chemical attack on Britain,... Rosie O'Donnell calls Trump 'mentally unstable' on Twitter... Mommy and the model: Wendi Deng, 48, enjoys bikini break... Meghan, the budding (and VERY sultry) star: Prince Harry's... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read The design genius who was left flummoxed by a potato peeler: Man who invented high-speed trains and the... Robots that hire and fire staff could soon be employed by the world's largest hedge fund in bid to improve... Scientists discover the gene editing 'off-switch' that could protect against accidents or stop it from being... Scientists solve the riddle of dinner party angst: The average person can't cope with more than four... Can YOU see what's really going on here? Confusing camel optical illusion leaves the internet baffled   Can a gel made with you own blood heal chronic leg wounds? Patients' own DNA can help kickstart repair... Are smart ROADS key for self-driving cars? Authorities say technology will prevent accidents, reduce travel... The terrifying power of mega tsunamis: Video reveals how a wave could wipe out the ENTIRE east coast of the... Elon Musk's SpaceX blames a fault in helium canister for massive Falcon 9 rocket explosion that destroyed... Is this the fossilised penis of an Ice Age mammoth found on a Norfolk beach - or is it something even... Walruses use seabirds as TOYS and even play with carcasses they find floating on the water No wonder the dinosaurs died out: They were vulnerable for the SIX MONTHS it took them to get out of their... Is iOS 10.3 on the way already? Rumor claims Apple's update could debut this month with 'Theater Mode' for... Observatory camera captures the rare moment a METEOR flies over an erupting volcano in Costa Rica How the threat of floods is shifting across the US: Map reveals the risk is growing in the north, but... MORE HEADLINES The terrifying power of mega tsunamis: Video reveals how a wave could wipe out the ENTIRE east coast of the US - but it's unlikely to happen Samsung unveils THREE new phones: New Galaxy A handsets feature metal frame with a glass back - and all are water and dust resistant Elon Musk's SpaceX blames a fault in helium canister for massive Falcon 9 rocket explosion that destroyed Facebook's $200m internet satellite Is iOS 10.3 on the way already? Rumor claims Apple's update could debut this month with 'Theater Mode' for texting during a movie From augmented reality and ultra-high resolution TVs to Faraday Future's 'Tesla killer': What to expect from CES 2017 Robots that hire and fire staff could soon be employed by the world's largest hedge fund in bid to improve efficiency No wonder the dinosaurs died out: They were vulnerable for the SIX MONTHS it took them to get out of their eggs when they were born  Walruses use seabirds as TOYS and even play with carcasses they find floating on the water Scientists solve the riddle of dinner party angst: The average person can't cope with more than four conversations at once MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today Two weeks to go: Downbeat-looking Sasha and Malia return from Hawaii with their parents after last family vacation on Air Force One  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Angelina Jolie takes sweet twins Vivienne and Knox and daughter Shiloh for ice cream during Colorado ski trip... as she jets away from divorce drama Trouble in paradise? Nicole Kidman and Keith Urban 'had a red carpet argument' at her Lion premiere in Sydney just days before dancing up a storm on stage on New Year's Eve Still on! Jennifer Lawrence, 26, enjoys romantic New Year's Eve stroll with boyfriend Darren Aronofsky, 47 Looked like a picture-perfect couple Rebecca Romijn flaunts rock hard abs at 44 while on holiday with husband Jerry O'Connell and twin daughters She has a figure women half her age would envy 'You all lost Princess Leia and Carrie Fisher, I lost my hero': Joely Fisher pens tribute to her sister and describes the final Christmas in hospital with her comatose sibling 'I've felt disgust, but never this kind of fear': Bruce Springsteen unleashes on Trump for promoting 'bigotry, racism and intolerance' and says his policies are nothing but 'lies' Mommy and the model: Wendi Deng, 48, enjoys bikini break with her 21-year-old boy toy and two teenage daughters in St Barts Looked picture perfect Michael Phelps and wife Nicole celebrate New Year's Eve with wedding bash Invited Olympic swimmers Allison Schmitt and Elizabeth Beisel to the festivities 'Super excited!' Teen Mom 3's Briana DeJesus announces she's expecting a second baby in July The 22-year-old has a five-year-old daughter Patrick Schwarzenegger hits pool as he takes girlfriend Abby Champion on family holiday in Mexico with Maria Shriver 'I'm gay': Sister Wives' daughter Mariah, 21, shocks her parents by coming out as a lesbian  Kody and Meri Brown's daughter Mariah had a big announcement  Kourtney Kardashian and Scott Disick put on a united front in Aspen as they pose on their private jet They split up in summer 2015 EXCLUSIVE - Mariah Carey spotted heading into a marijuana dispensary on Christmas Eve, just one week before her Times Square meltdown  Fit couple! Mark Wahlberg shows off sculpted body while wife Rhea Durham is red hot in bikini on holiday in Barbados Stripping off 'Parenthood is not a competition': Eva Amurri Martino responds to 'cruel' critics after she revealed night nurse dropped baby son cracking his skull Reunited! Julianne Hough goes makeup free in an adorable family selfie with fiancé Brooks Laich and their fur babies Lexi and Harley 'Cutest thing I've ever seen': Ariana Grande offers a sneak peek into her video game character for Final Fantasy The Into You singer  She's head over heels! Bethenny Frankel, 46, flaunts more than bikini body as she performs impressive handstand in Mexico She's a Skinny Girl Bonding time! Nicola Peltz rocks a black bikini as she hugs her brother Will on family holiday together Shared an idyllic Instagram photo  Keeping her on her toes! Chrissy Teigen shows off legs in LBD as she does impressive ballet move while carrying baby Luna Model mom Bella Thorne flaunts pert derriere in a tiny bikini on holiday in the Bahamas... and even covers herself in body glitter Hitting the beach Country crooner Sam Hunt engaged to his girlfriend and Montevallo muse Hannah Lee Fowler The 32-year-old Georgia-born belter New year, new nails! Tobey Maguire's ex Jennifer Meyer makes manicure her priority at start of 2017 The jewelry designer dressed in ripped jeans  Mixing it up! Jamie Foxx's daughter Corinne raises temperatures in mismatched bikini during beach outing in Miami Rocking a two-piece Star in stripes: Natalie Portman keeps it comfortable in patterned top and hoodie while on morning walk in LA She donned shades for a stroll What happened to Sahara Ray's face? Justin Bieber's rumoured ex-fling shows off her VERY plumped-up lips... and fans aren't happy 'He hasn't been able to stand Tom for years': Russell Crowe 'feuding with Cruise on set of new film The Mummy over the star's treatment of ex Nicole Kidman' PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Angelina Jolie hits the slopes with her kids during Colorado ski trip... as she enjoys NYE getaway in wake of Brad Pitt split  Luann de Lesseps and Tom D'Agastino head to the Bahamas for honeymoon after the Real Housewives star and her 'cheater' husband bid farewell to their friends at lunch So what DID happen the night George Michael died? Tweets about suicide, rumours of drug abuse and the boyfriend who now says he spent the night sleeping in his car Doutzen Kroes displays model figure in cropped top and tiny shorts while hitting beach in Miami with family Vacation time! Her new BFF! Kendall Jenner cuddles sweet new dog while getting in spot of shopping with Hailey Baldwin The 21-year-old is a catwalk queen Lea Michele lays her naked ambition bare as she poses for racy New Year snap Celebrated the new year by stripping down for a racy Instagram photo Buxom Daisy Lowe channels a Fifties pin-up girl as she covers-up sexy bikini with plunging white sundress after day of frolicking on Miami beach Taking a gamble on love? Jennifer Lopez and Drake hit high-roller tables in Vegas together after she supports him at NYE gig High-stakes date Camera queen Kate snaps up an honour: Duchess is commended by the Royal Photographic Society for her images (and here's some of her best work)  Maksim Chmerkovskiy posts photo of pregnant fiancee Peta Murgatroyd touching up makeup in hospital gown as she prepares to give birth  Always looking her best Luann de Lesseps and Tom D'Agastino head to the Bahamas for honeymoon after the Real Housewives star and her husband bid farewell to their friends Izabel Goulart flaunts her supermodel figure in TINY crochet bikini as she frolics on the beach in St Barts  Cemented her Brazilian bombshell status 'I have cellulite, stretch marks and some jiggle on my belly': Former body builder who used to be 'embarrassed' by her physique reveals why she refuses to 'embrace her flaws'  Why ARE so many celebrities obsessed with showing us their rear view? Former Cosmopolitan editor questions the stars' latest trend Like Suki Waterhouse  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Wild thing Daisy Lowe wears her leopard-print bra to the beach as she cosies up to handsome mystery man on the beach in Miami Billie Lourd breaks her silence with moving tribute to mother Carrie Fisher and grandmother Debbie Reynolds Posted a picture of herself as a child Pretty Little Flier: Fresh-faced Lucy Hale jets into LAX looking radiant after hosting New Year in New Orleans Make-up free She's red hot! Gwen Stefani unveiled as new face of Revlon  'Ever since I was a young girl, I have used makeup as a form of self-expression' Coffee date! Vanessa Hudgens rocks cropped sweater and extremely tight trousers during outing with boyfriend Austin Butler Spotted on a coffee run  'Lies!' RHOA Kandi Burruss slams claims by Phaedra Parks she had a threesome with her husband and another woman Hit back Daisy Lowe shows off her kooky sense of style on holiday as she pairs a skimpy white bikini with trainers The model was in particularly high spirits Newly engaged Serena Williams flashes her ring as she steps out with her Reddit co-founder fiance Alexis Ohanian in New Zealand On cloud nine Margot Robbie stuns in a leopard print one piece as she cozies up to new husband Tom Ackerley at the beach with friends... after secretly tying the knot 'We had sex': Nick Viall's former one night stand turns up as a Bachelor contestant... but he doesn't seem to remember her  Awkward moment Love's young dream: Elle Fanning enjoys giggly lunch date with boyfriend Dylan Beck The blonde kept things casual, opting to wear a black jumpsuit 'Boy crazy!' Ellen Pompeo cradles her newborn son Eli as she dances around her kitchen Became a mom for the third time in December  In the swim! Naomi Watts enjoys the warm waters off Cancun with sons during New Year's family getaway Actress, 48, donned a turquoise swimsuit  Ciara posts cute photos of her baby bump as she rings in 2017 with her growing family Expecting her first child with American football star Russell Wilson New year, old pals! Jonah Hill and Michael Cera enjoy low-key Superbad reunion ten years on  Their friendship is still going strong 'I decided to take a risk and play it': Gisele Bundchen serenades peaceful song while playing acoustic guitar by pool in new video Singing for the camera Queen brings tragic Tetra Pak heir's clan in from the cold after appointing Hans Rausing's cousin as one of her representatives  Scandalous past 'Get your happy a**es home!': Kim Zolciak misses daughter Brielle Biermann and beau Michael Kopech as they enjoy getaway in Niagara Falls 'Private pool suits me just fine!' Ashley Graham shows off her hourglass curves in racy white swimsuit as she takes a drop in the Seychelles 'It's not a set thing': Ben Affleck won't direct his Batman standalone if it doesn't come together to his liking Behind and in front of the camera? The look of love! Margot Robbie beams as she arrives back in LA with new husband Tom Ackerley... after tying the knot in secret ceremony in Australia 'They're perky!': Cynthia Bailey takes RHOA castmates to her breast exam... and lets them squeeze her implants Hands-on experience  Hilary Duff shows off her toned torso in a bikini as she larks around with son Luca in the Hawaii surf Held hands as they walked into the sea  Frances Bean Cobain's battle to get ex to return her late father Kurt Cobain's priceless guitar is heading for a multi-million dollar court case Covergirl prep! Victoria's Secret model Shanina Shaik takes to social media in a face mask shortly before her latest Cosmopolitan cover is announced UK X Factor runner-up Rebecca Ferguson 'graciously accepts' invitation to sing at Trump's inauguration... if she can perform track protesting racism Slapped and screamed at by directors, pestered for sex by co-stars and a victim of Tony Curtis's vile gossip: How DEBBIE REYNOLDS was abused in Hollywood   'Stand strong and move forward!' Nicole Scherzinger flaunts her phenomenal bikini body as she shares her New Year's resolve from Hawaii Sparkling New Year for Ab Fab star's daughter: Actress Beattie Edmondson announces her engagement  She's the daughter of Jennifer Saunders Now that's one way to RING in the New Year! Ashley Greene stuns in a black dress and flaunts her engagement bling as she celebrates 2017 in Sydney with new fiancé Making resolutions! Rob Kardashian works up a sweat on a two-hour trek with Blac Chyna... days after health scare left him hospitalized Newly single Bella Thorne enjoys NYE smooch with model pal Kyra Santoro as she rings in 2017 with her girlfriends in the Bahamas Hilary Duff parades her toned pins in skimpy bikini bottoms as she tries her hand at surfing during New Year's break to Hawaii Surf lesson 'Bad and boujee!' Larsa Pippen showcases her enviable figure in revealing bikini aboard river cruise  Posed for another skimpy swimsuit shot  Rich Kids of Instagram's Lana Scolaro loses her bikini top as she enjoys break  in St Barts... after shooting to fame with THAT Robin Thicke snap Living it up! Jamie Foxx welcomes the new year with a boy's night in Miami Hit 1 Hotel in the South Beach neighbourhood Sara Sampaio flaunts her trim figure and pert posterior in pretty print swimsuit as she enjoys a sunbathing session on Mexican holiday Basking in the sunshine 'He really wanted to be in the movie': Robin Williams was turned down for iconic Hagrid role in Harry Potter franchise because he wasn't British Katie Couric reunites with Matt Lauer on Today as she returns to host the morning show for the first time in a decade Reclaiming her seat Mariah Carey kisses Bryan Tanaka in preview clip of reality show after he pops out of cake and gives lap dance Sneak peek of her show  'The best way to start 2017': Jessica Alba soaks up the sun in a bikini as she and her daughters celebrate the New Year on Hawaiian beach Eva Amurri Martino reveals baby son suffered a cracked skull after a night nurse dropped him... and admits she's now battling depression  '1st selfie of the new year!' Ciara shares a picture of her growing bump as she supports her man at NFL game She's shaping up to have a memorable  'Bodies of every size': Lena Dunham bares cleavage in lingerie for New Year's Day photo-shoot Sending a message with racy shot They tied the knot! UnREAL cco-stars Johanna Braddy and Freddie Stroma start 2017 as newlyweds They had been dating since meeting in 2015 'Sad when bae leaves': Ariel Winter, 18, pouts over absent Levi Meaden,29... after ringing in New Year with a kiss Sulky Snapchat 'Counting my blessings': Karlie Kloss winks as she shows off her famous figure in black bikini in St Barts Showing off her model body Georgia May Jagger rocks wild leopard print lingerie and sparkling bling as she writhes around in bed for LOVE's Video Advent 'The loneliness became desperate': Kate Bush describes 'cruel' bullying during her teenage years at Catholic girls' school in newly resurfaced essay Dick Clark Productions slams Mariah Carey's accusations of sabotage as 'frankly absurd' after diva's epic lip syncing meltdown she blamed on faulty earpiece  James Corden's stunning wife Julia Carey shows him up with her incredible beach body as they enjoy Barbados sun on festive family jaunt 'Happiest New Year!' Bella Hadid shares selfie blowing on party horn as she rings in 2017 with Kendall Jenner and Jordyn Woods Knows how to have fun 'I love my man!' Jessica Simpson shares sultry couple shot with husband Eric Johnson Welcoming 2017 on the united front  'Partner in life!' Rachel Zoe and Rodger Berman share NYE kiss as they celebrate 25 years together Midnight smooch Chip off the old block! Brooklyn Beckham theatrically dives from boat as holiday break in Maldives continues Inspired by some dives from his father? Stella McCartney covers up in a floaty kaftan as she enjoys romantic beach stroll with husband Alasdhair Willis in St Barts Bod Jovi! Shirtless Jon Bon Jovi, 54, shows off his impressive physique as he goes for a dip in St Barths It seems he has looked good, always 'This is a turning point in saving elephants from extinction': Prince William salutes China's decision to shut down its ivory trade by the end of this year  Double Trouble! Tiffany Scanlon and Megan Marx strip down to their bikinis before teasing fans about the mystery location they are set to move to That's one way to ring in the New Year! Victoria's Secret stunner Bridget Malcolm flashes underboob as she poses TOPLESS on a disco ball  Andrew Garfield cheers on the Los Angeles Lakers courtside as awards season looms for Hacksaw Ridge star Sports fan Meghan the budding star: Actress poses for series of publicity photos after landing a role in daytime TV show 13 years before she met Prince Harry  It's all about the bling! Jennifer Lopez wears Drake's necklace as she supports him at his NYE Vegas show The 47-year-old was spotted in a nightclub Trying to impress? Ansel Elgort enjoys a shirtless workout... as girlfriend Violetta Komyshan looks on Actor was productive in South Beach in Miami Former NFL star Kordell Stewart sends his ex Porsha Williams a cease and desist letter after nude video of him is leaked on internet Is she trashing him? I'm pregnant! Lauren Conrad reveals baby news with sweet sonogram picture on New Year's Day  This will be the star's first child Rise and shine! Bikini girl Hilary Duff embraces the new year with surf lesson in Hawaii While many around the world were nursing a hangover Party time! Kendall Jenner steps out in black negligee while Hailey Baldwin stuns in white mini dress as the pals celebrate New Year's Eve in Hollywood Shirtless Jake Gyllenhaal flaunts hunky physique as he joins bikini-clad pal Greta Caruso in exquisite waters during St. Barths break Tired of the beach? Covered up Ashley Olsen, 30, caresses shirtless beau Richard Sachs, 58, during trail hike in St. Barts Enjoying the sun Twice as nice! Models Doutzen Kroes and Joan Smalls put on a bikini display as they meet up on Miami Beach Spent New Year's Day relaxing on the beach  Hard day's twerk! Bella Thorne dances on the back of a truck in the Bahamas She was joined by her sister Dani and a group of her friends  'His love has been life changing': The Veronicas' Lisa Origliasso reveals she's engaged to boyfriend Logan Hoffman and shows off her ring Expat A-list! Daniel MacPherson and Zoe Ventoura party with the Hemsworth brothers and Miley Cyrus on NYE at gold-themed bash What a welcome to 2017 Rosie O'Donnell calls Trump 'mentally unstable' on Twitter and warns America that there are 'less than three weeks to stop him' Strong statement 'I wish everyone this kind of love!' Kelly Clarkson plants a kiss on son Remington for New Year's greeting He is just eight months old  Louis Tomlinson's ex Briana Jungwirth coos over their giggling son Freddie in old family videos... as she reveals that their baby has taken his first steps Justin Bieber rings in 2017 with medley of hits during poolside performance at historic Fontainebleau Miami Beach Wowed the crowd  Sheer New Year! Bella Hadid reveals underwear in see-through outfit as she dares to bare to usher in 2017 in Hollywood 'Feliz Año!' Shakira embraces her partner Gerard Piqué and sons as she posts a festive New Year's message to her fans on Instagram  Adorable family  'One of the most eventful and exciting years of my life': Ivanka Trump celebrates New Year in Hawaii as the rest of the clan party with Stallone  Bradley Cooper heads out for healthy jog in LA while 'pregnant' girlfriend Irina Shayk spends New Year in her native Russia Could soon be a father  Rogue One takes $64M over New Year weekend to become the US's second highest grossing film of 2016... as Disney sweeps year-end top three 'How we started 2017!' Proud David Beckham shares sweet snap of his family from glamorous beach party in the Maldives... as the stars ring in 2017  Well that's one way to worship the sun! Lady Victoria Hervey looks radiant in a vibrant floral maxi dress as she offers her palms to the sky in Barbados Million Dollar Listings star Ryan Serhant shares cheeky snap of wife skinny dipping on lavish belated honeymoon  In Bora Bora What a Dream day! Blac Chyna begins new year with Rob Kardashian and daughter after dramatic split Easy family day together Jon plus four! Gosselin sees in 2017 with half of his famous brood The 39-year-old star of Jon and Kate Plus 8 grinned as he held out a selfie stick 'I'm going to break a leg for sure!' Sophie Monk shares a video of beginners skiing lesson as she takes to the slopes for the first time  Australian model Ripped! Laura Dundovic flaunts her incredible abs as she poses in a skimpy bikini on the beach after becoming a personal trainer 'My life changed forever!' Coco Austin shares snap of the moment she met Ice-T 16 years ago as they celebrate wedding anniversary at NYE bash 'Wonder if I will be cold?' Kate Hudson braves a snowy NYE in Aspen in nothing but lingerie as she parties hard with pal Chelsea Handler Naomi Campbell, 46, shows off her incredibly ageless physique in barely-there bikini as she rings in 2017 with blissful beach break Looked incredible  Bachelor's Megan Marx calls girlfriend Tiffany Scanlon her 'biggest accomplishment' of 2016  Renowned reality pair  Bitter Lemon? CNN anchor Don Lemon has his microphone cut as he starts to talk about how 2016 was 'awful' after drinking tequila in live New Year broadcast  'I don't hold back': Supermodel Jess Hart reveals the trick she uses to stay in shape while still eating the food she loves... and that includes burgers Revealed: Jennifer Lopez quietly turned up to support her new beau Drake at his NYE show in Las Vegas She was spotted in a VIP booth Jake Gyllenhaal maintains his toned physique with a New Year's Eve run while on holiday in St. Barts  On a well deserved vacation Blake Lively enjoys low-key New Year's Eve with her Sisterhood Of The Traveling Pants BFF Amber Tamblyn Actresses have been besties since 2005 hit  'Catwoman' Jocelyn Wildenstein's ex-boyfriend sees off 2016 by frolicking on the beach with transgender model Lauren Foster In Miami  Ashley Graham whips off her bikini to pose topless while enjoying sunshine holiday Marked the first day of 2017 with a revealing selfie A dip in the (Car)pool! Doting daddy James Corden larks around with son Max on Barbados shore during idyllic New Year getaway Put on a sweet display 'Back with beautiful Bindi': Chandler Powell posts tribute to his girlfriend Bindi Irwin as he returns to Australia to be with her after pair spend time apart Princess Mary rings in the new year dressed in a gold gown and deep purple cape for annual banquet Was joined Crown Prince Frederik  'Mariah Carey just summed up 2016!' Diva botches New Year's Eve lip-sync performance and STORMS OFF Times Square stage while crying into the mic George Michael's lover Fadi Fawaz reveals the singer died alone after he slept in his car and denies posting tweets saying the star had tried to kill himself  'Who needs to drop the ball when Mariah already covered it?' Twitter mercilessly trashes diva for her epic New Year's Eve meltdown  'I believe I can fly': Justin Theroux posts hilarious video of himself crash landing after ski jump He knows how to garner a few laughs too Norman Cook returns home from NYE gig in Italy after a lonely Christmas following split from Zoe Ball... while she celebrates six months of sobriety Making a splash! Eagerly anticipated DC Comics Aquaman superhero flick starring Jason Momoa and Amber Heard will start filming in May James Packer's ex Erica Packer looks glam as she enjoys family holiday in St Barts... while another 'ex' Seal hits the ski slopes with Heidi Klum 'I've felt better': Louis Tomlinson welcomes 2017 with a hungover selfie as he prepares for a new year after his mother's tragic passing The One Direction star Jeremy Clarkson's VERY racy party girls: Grand Tour star is pictured with a host of society's most eligible women at New Year's Eve party  The 4 things that I love the most': Madonna spends New Year with son Rocco Ritchie and his siblings as they ring in 2017 together with family ski trip  The Queen is feeling 'better', says Princess Anne as royals attend Sandringham church service without her on New Year's Day in rural England  It's New Year's Eve somewhere! 5 Seconds of Summer's Ashton Irwin looks a little worse for wear as he parties until 8am in the morning Still going for it  She's smitten! Britney Spears shares cuddly snap after celebrating New Year with new love Sam Asghari Britney and her new guy are inseparable Fifty Shades Darker teases more steamy sex scenes with new TV ad Fans got a peek at the upcoming Fifty Shades Darker movie  'Her tongue freaks me out!' Jessica Simpson's BFF CaCee Cobb posts silly selfie while celebrating New Year's Eve Frequently sticks it out  'Toddler headbutt!': Jason Biggs starts the New Year with a black eye from two-year-old son Sid Enjoyed his first day of 2017 with a large shiner  'Hello 2017': Ed Sheeran promises new music in five days' time... as he appears on social media for the first time in 57 weeks Exciting comeback  The dry January drinks that are actually DELICIOUS: Wine expert HELEN MCGINN recommends the best teetotal tipples you can try at home That's one passionate midnight kiss! Miley Cyrus shares her New Year's cinch with fiancé Liam Hemsworth as they attend New Year's Eve party Real love: Housewives' star Luann de Lesseps marries Tom D'Agostino in Palm Beach ceremony after banning Bravo from filming the event Blac Chyna and Rob Kardashian put on a united front as they celebrate New Year's Eve together... as she puts her engagement ring back on Gerard Depardieu displays his portly frame as he strips off his shirt during a hot and sweaty rehearsal for his stage show in Buenos Aires Hot under the collar  Sherlock's Amanda Abbington admits it was 'weird' revisiting parenting onscreen with now ex-partner Martin Freeman... ahead of series return '2017 here we go!' Joanna Krupa gets cheeky with a pretty pal as they ring in the New Year in their bikinis Couldn't keep their hands off each other He's the man who told us that Trump would triumph - now look what Mystic Morgan predicts for Meghan (not to mention other surprises that might come in 2017) Having an auld lang fine time! Gwen Stefani locks lips with Blake Shelton as they enjoy family New Year's Eve Everyone wanted a kiss at midnight  Victoria Beckham joins Mel C on stage to sing their hit tune 2 Become 1 as the ex bandmates ring in 2017 with in the Maldives with their friends and families 'Don't get blood on the jacket!' 'Drunk Don Lemon' gets his ear pierced live on air during NYE show Displayed a full array of antics  Family meal-a! Mila Kunis stocks up on food with hubby Ashton Kutcher and newborn son Dimitri ahead of NYE Ringing in the new year with a family meal Fergie and Hailee Steinfield flash the flesh in skin flaunting ensembles as they ring in 2017 in style on Dick Clark's New Year's Rockin' Eve Beautiful front and back! Ashley Graham posts rear view topless bikini pic as she enjoys tropical getaway Seeing in 2017 in The Seychelles  Nicki Minaj shows off her ample assets in plunging silver jumpsuit as she rings in 2017 with Miami gig... after replacing Jennifer Lopez at the last minute 'A blessed way to bring in 2017!' Amy Smart surprises fans as she welcomes a daughter with husband Carter Oosterhouse Incredible news  Thatkiss Neverbeen! Jennifer Lawrence reveals she has never had a New Year's Eve kiss Has never had a midnight smooch Iggy Azalea hoping for 'better vibe' in the New Year after 2016 saw ex-fiancé Nick Young cheat on her, X Factor flop, and Guy Sebastian brand her a 'weirdo' Kathy Griffin reveals large armpit sweat patches during live NYE celebration with Anderson Cooper Was it too hot for the co-host on CNN  Now that's a Happy New Year! Khloe Kardashian kisses Tristan Thompson as they ring in 2017 together Sealed with a smooch 'One for the mommies tonight': Mums go into meltdown as Tom Hardy reads the bedtime story on the BBC's children's channel on New Year's Eve Such a cheeky boy! Usher posts photo of 'bonita' wife Grace's bottom as they welcome the New Year in a hot tub Looks like his party is just peachy  Nicole Kidman's surprise 'happy' dance at Keith Urban's NYE show in Nashville thrills fans... but leaves some asking if she's had a bit too much to drink 'Happy New Year!' Pink delights in her newborn baby while Gisele Bundchen prances on the beach as the stars welcome 2017 Stares are celebrating Engaged! TV producer Greg Berlanti and LA Galaxy winger Robbie Rogers announce plans to wed Exciting news to end the year  M*A*S*H star William Christopher dies of cancer at age 84 The storied actor is known for playing Father Mulcahy on the 70s hit show  From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. A familiar old friend that could be the perfect starter phone: Dailymail.com's verdict on the iPhone SE The new iPhone SE has a 4inch screen and familiar design - but has had a huge upgrade on the inside, making this a perfect first time iPhone. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The iPad grows up: Apple's iPad Pro The iPad Pro is, for many, a real laptop replacement - and a way to combine work and play in a gadget that will last all day and won't break your back to carry. 'A glimpse into the future of the living room': The new Apple TV Apple says apps are the future of TV, and while its new $149 box does have some issues, its combination of streaming services, games and other apps make it the best way to make your TV smart. The end of wonky wifi: Google's OnHub It's incredibly simple to set up, and we found it tripled the speed of our home wifi connection - but at $199 is expensive.. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story Two weeks to go: Downbeat-looking Sasha and Malia return from Hawaii with their parents after last family vacation on Air Force One  843 comments 2 videos SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Premium News Sport Business Money Opinion Obituaries Travel Tech & Science Culture Film TV Lifestyle Fashion Luxury Cars Video Christmas Free Mobile App Jobs Financial Services Rewards Events Dating Offers Shop Garden Shop Bookshop Box Office Puzzles Fantasy Football Wine Shop Work at The Telegraph Log out My Account Subscribe Rewards Video Login Register Subscribe Rewards Video Log out Rewards My Account Video Home News Sport Business ALL SECTIONS Business Black Friday and Cyber Monday Telegraph Business Black Friday and Cyber Monday Best eBay Black Friday deals on Wednesday 23rd November - discount PS4 consoles and a third off laptops eBay have launched their Black Friday deals early Credit: Jerome Favre/Bloomberg Saffron Alexander Eleanor Muffitt 23 November 2016 • 11:26am Despite not officially launching until Friday, November 25, Black Friday is already in full swing with a host of retailers, including Amazon, Morrisons, and Argos, all releasing their Black Friday deals early. Ebay began its sale Thursday, November 17 and will reveal new offers each day until Tuesday, November 29. Black Friday deals guide The online auction giant is expecting to see over 20 million Brits visiting the site over Black Friday weekend, which is ten times what Oxford Street typically attracts over the same time period.  What's on offer at eBay today? The deals will be changing on daily basis, so make sure to keep an eye on the eBay Black Friday page so you don't miss out on anything good. Today's best deals Google Chromecast 1080p Media Streamer for £17.99 (40 per cent off) Stream your favourite entertainment, from your phone, tablet or laptop straight to your TV with the Google Chromecast. PS4 Slim 500GB Console + Lego Star Wars Bundle for £219.99 (12 per cent off) Buy Playstation's new console, slimmer and lighter than before (Hand with an updated DUALSHOCK 4 wireless controller), with LEGO's take on last year's Star Wars revival blockbuster. PS4 Slim 1TB Console + Uncharted 4 + Driveclub + Ratchet & Clank for £239.99 (originally £249.99) Or go for this version of the slimmer console — with double the amount of storage — with two of this year's most popular games and a racing classic. Sony CMTS20BMK Sound System for £99.99 (50 per cent off) Originally £199.99, this Sony sound system has DAB radio and Micro HiFi with bluetooth. Apple iPhone 6 128GB Unlocked Sim Free Smartphone for £289.99  Available in silver, gold and space grey, the iPhone 6 comes with an eight megapixel camera, a fingerprint identity function and Apple Pay. Samsung BD-J4500R Blu-ray player in black for £37 (17 per cent off) Make the most of your TV's HD resolution by playing your blu-ray DVDS, as well as your own multimedia from a USB memory stick and accessing films, music and photos wirelessly. Techwood 65" LED TV for £539 (originally £599) This 65" TV is a Smart TV so can use it to access On Demand movies, has 4K Ultra HD viewing, and Freeview HD with Freeview Play. Acer Aspire ES AMD E1 Laptop for £179.99 (35 per cent off) This 15.6" notebook laptop comes with 4GB memory, 1TB of storage and a CineCrystal LED backlit TFT LCD display. Bush Classic Retro Suitcase Turntable for £29.99 (40 per cent off) Add a retro touch to your home with this classic turntable, which has a built-in stereo speaker with three speeds (35, 45, 78). Best existing deals from previous days Panasonic SC-AKX660E-K 1700W hi-fi system in black for £229 (RRP £299) With an incredible 1700 Watts of room-filling sound, this hi-fi system connects to smartphones, CDs, radio or USB with bluetooth. It has a large 20cm woofer that produces powerful bass with minimum distortion for better sound clarity — plus you can create your own playlists using the DJ Jukebox mode. Samsung UE40KU6020 40" Smart LED 4K Ultra HD Freeview HD TV Black for £349 (RRP £549) This 4k HDR TV has cloud gaming (which means you access a huge range of games without a console), Netflix and Amazon Prime streaming, and is compatible with the Samsung SmartThings hub, which lets you set your TV to turn on as you enter the room, adjust lights and control your speakers all from your phone. Want more TV deals? Pop over to our round-up of the best Black Friday TV offers. Apple iPhone 6 - 16GB / 64GB / 128GB with a free SIM, available in various colours, for £246.99 Available in silver, gold and space grey, the iPhone 6 comes with an eight megapixel camera, a fingerprint identity function and Apple Pay. Watch | Black Friday: how to get the best deals 01:21 Apple iPhone 5C 16GB 32GB LTE 4G 8MP for £83.33 If the new iPhone is too clunky for you, then why not go old-school?  First released in 2012, Apple's 5C model comes in a range of colours (blue, green, pink, yellow, white) and is a cheap alternative to the newer models. Dyson DC54 Cinetic Cylinder Vacuum Cleaner for £249.99 (RRP 459.99) Dyson's first filter-free vacuum cleaner (which means no bags to change and no filters to clean) has a two litre dust capacity, is easily-manoeuvrable and has an adjustable floor tool that makes it suitable for both soft and hard surfaces. For more deals on appliances, check out our round-up of the best homeware discounts. Plus... Call of Duty Infinite Warfare (Xbox One) for £36.99 Digihome 32279SMT2HDLED 32" Smart LED TV for £154.99 Giant Piano Keyboard Playmats for £9.99 PS4 Slim 1TB Black console for £244.85 Hisense RS696N4II1 91cm Frost Free American fridge freezer for £599 Black Friday rules #2 What more can I expect from eBay? Expect reductions across electronics, fashion, home and garden as well as from big name brands like Apple, Microsoft, Sony, Dyson, GoPro, Samsung and Lenovo. Discussing the launch of Black Friday deals, ‎Senior Director of Trading at eBay UK, Murray Lambell, said: "Last year consumers spent in excess of £3billion during Black Friday weekend, a sizable chunk of the nation's Christmas shopping budget. "Consumers are now looking for much more than tech deals. That's why we are championing sellers from fashion and home and garden, as well as tech, so shoppers can enjoy unbeatable variety and choice." best Black Friday travel deals Shopping hacks for Black Friday Remember, eBay isn’t just a place where individuals can sell stuff,  there are plenty of shops on there too. Some use eBay as another online presence, while others - high street stores in particular - use the site for outlet stores. These already offer discounted products, but they’re also ripe for Black Friday bargains when prices get cut even further. It's definitely worth keeping an eye on these sites. A few to bookmark are Argos, Currys PC World, Argos and Maplin. In short, if you want to make the most of Black Friday and take advantage of as many deals and discounts as you can, early preparation is key. Read reviews, load your payment details, workout what product you want and read up on all the jargon.  EBay: the ultimate guide to avoiding scams, unwanted returns and other pitfalls Make sure you're subscribed to the eBay Twitter and Facebook pages to get real time information on all the latest deals as well, and download the app so you can buy and sell online instantly.  Plus, find out more about all the deals out there by heading to our other Black Friday pages - where we've laid out all the best offers for you - and our Telegraph Promotions Facebook and Twitter accounts. Did you know? Ebay has given prime Black Friday deal space to smaller businesses, placing them front and centre on one of the busiest shopping periods of the year. To show this, the marketplace has collaborated with three sellers in a short film called T’Was the Eve of Black Friday which shows small and medium businesses preparing for the discount day.  Follow The Telegraph READ MORE ABOUT: eBay Other Show more Black Friday and Cyber Monday latest 28 Dec 2016, 10:38am Boxing Day sales 'ruined' as a fifth of bargains still stuck in warehouses 15 Dec 2016, 12:31pm Stronger pound to help limit inflation overshoot, says BoE as it holds interest rates at 0.25pc 07 Dec 2016, 10:09am The best wireless earphones and AirPod alternatives for Christmas 2016 06 Dec 2016, 9:58am How much should you spend on Christmas presents this year? 29 Nov 2016, 2:16pm When is Black Friday 2017 and how can I find the best deals? 28 Nov 2016, 9:14pm Comment: Neither Boeing nor Airbus can win this tit-for-tat war  Ben Marlow Premium 01:37 28 Nov 2016, 8:17pm What are the best Cyber Monday 2016 deals and where can I find them? 28 Nov 2016, 8:16pm Best Halfords Cyber Monday deals 28 Nov 2016, 8:16pm Best Matalan Cyber Monday deals 28 Nov 2016, 8:14pm Best Carphone Warehouse Cyber Monday deals 28 Nov 2016, 8:11pm Best Cyber Monday PS4 deals - get a Playstation Slim for £189.99 28 Nov 2016, 8:11pm Best Cyber Monday Xbox deals - get an Xbox One 1TB Console for £199 28 Nov 2016, 8:05pm Best Cyber Monday mobile phone deals 28 Nov 2016, 8:03pm Best Currys PC World Cyber Monday deals 28 Nov 2016, 8:00pm Best Tesco Cyber Monday deals  28 Nov 2016, 8:00pm Best Apple Cyber Monday deals - over £200 off Apple Macbook Pro 13 inch Laptop 28 Nov 2016, 7:35pm Best Very.co.uk Cyber Monday deals  28 Nov 2016, 7:26pm Best eBay Cyber Monday deals - get 60 per cent off Sony Sound System 28 Nov 2016, 6:41pm Best Cyber Monday Samsung deals 28 Nov 2016, 6:39pm Best Cyber Monday tablet deals - save £20 on the Amazon Fire Tablet 28 Nov 2016, 6:29pm Best Amazon Cyber Monday deals -get £167 off Oral-B Smart Series 6500 Electric Rechargeable Toothbrush  If you would like to add a comment, please register or log in Register Log in Contact us Rewards Archive Reader Prints Advertising Syndication Guidelines Privacy Terms and Conditions Leave your feedback © Telegraph Media Group Limited 2016 Your support makes a big difference In order to bring you award-winning content and investigative journalism from your favourite writers, we rely on revenue generated by advertising. Please consider supporting us by turning off your ad blocker. Just a couple of clicks will make a big difference. Thank you. Need help? Click here for instructions Close
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « Apple Granted 39 Patents Today Covering a One-Time Secret Patent for a Flexible, Foldable iPhone Design | Main | Apple's Temporary Black Friday Sales Event Website is up to Get you Pumped for Devices, Music, Photography and Games » November 22, 2016 Did Microsoft make Apple Blink with the Success of Surface Tablets? Microsoft's CEO Says Yes   Microsoft's CEO Satya Nadella was in Sydney on a brief visit Down Under last week in which he addressed a local developers conference to outline its advances in cognitive computing, and increasing strength of its AI-driven Azure cloud-based services. While those were the key topics focused on by Nadella during his keynote, his interview with the Australian Financial Review veered off at times about other matters like the Surface line of products, more specifically Surface tablets and notebook.   The report noted that Microsoft's "Surface line of computers, combined with mixed reality headset HoloLens and popular Xbox One console has got seasoned gadget reviewers scratching their heads about how they are suddenly more excited by Microsoft than Apple devices."   That had become obvious after the back to back Microsoft and Apple events in late October which we covered in a report titled "The Battle between Microsoft and Apple Events focused on the Pro Market Sets Off a Firestorm." The tech press was falling over themselves to applaud Microsoft's entry into the desktop market with their Surface Studio while going out of their way to either yawn or shoot arrows at Apple for their flashy consumer Touch Bar that the Pro market didn't seem to care about as they were too busy screaming about killing the SD Card slot and forcing them to use multiple dongles.   When the interview touched on devices, Nadella noted at one point that the company would not rush back into the smartphone market to try to compete with Apple and Samsung despite rave reviews for recent devices.   That certainly didn't slam the door on a future smartphone and in fact hinted that they'd be back once they had something the company could really get behind; something that could deliver a solution or give customers an advantage.   While Microsoft's CEO may one day throw a few hard landing left hooks and really get into a couple of long punishing rounds with Apple head to head, at present Mr. Nadella is quiet in his critique of Apple. He's a quiet gentlemen in comparison to the bombastic Steve Ballmer.   Yet the one dart thrown at Apple in this Australian interview was this: "I mean, take even Surface. Three years ago, the two-in-one as a form factor was questioned. Does anybody need one? And now guess what, even our competition has decided that it's not a refrigerator and a toaster but it's actually a two-in-one." Nadella never mentioned Apple or its CEO by name as the one who made that comment.   Cook's statement was actually made during Apple's Q2 financial conference call. In the Q&A segment of the conference call, Cook was asked if Apple would compete with the coming Wintel hybrid Ultrabook that will double as a tablet. Cook stated that "You can converge a toaster and a refrigerator, but those things are probably not going to be pleasing to the user."   Nadella was laughing because since that famous line was made Apple has introduced their iPad Pro line which is without a doubt a form of 2-in-1 like Microsoft's standard Surface line of tablets. It forced Apple to introduce the Apple Pencil and soft keyboard … just like Microsoft's Surface line of tablets. Cook's commentary was made prior to the Surface Book. So the hybrid at the time was aimed at the Surface tablet for the most part.   It reminded me of Apple's Phil Schiller mocking Samsung's phablet and telling the world that the right design was a small display where a user's thumb was king in working the interface. Of course a long two years later and Schiller's dream of the perfect smartphone went up in smoke as they introduced the all-new "Plus" line of phablets that saved Apple from suffering a major decline in the market.   The debate over notebook hybrids continues to this day with Apple's Apostle Schiller deciding to double down and dig in deeper against the hybrid concept. According to Schiller, Apple's tiny inner circle tested Mac hybrids and thinks that they're wrong if not downright evil, a blasphemous concept that will never ever see the light of day at Apple, even if Microsoft's tablet/notebook sales have enjoyed a 38% leap last quarter while iPads were falling once again.   It's now a concrete proven trend that is pushing the likes of heavyweights Huawei and Lenovo to jump into this market sometime next year and abandon their Android OS tablet offerings and plans. The hybrid is seen as the next wave for notebooks and tablets.   Huawei is already breathing down Apple's neck in the global smartphone race and are entering the U.S. market beginning as early as January 2017. Huawei's CEO has been continually stating in the press that they intend to overtake Apple in the smartphone race over the next 3 to 5 years. Dumping Android tablets for Windows 10 hybrids will give Huawei of an edge in corporate America. Microsoft on the other hand is looking to recreate a new Wintel base that will give them the power and scale they need to take Apple head on.   If Huawei is thinking of jumping on board the Windows 10 Hybrid notebook market, then there's an excellent chance that smartphones with Windows 10 will be next. HP began this trend with their new Elite X3 smartphone/computer. A consumer model is rumored to be coming in 2017. Microsoft went into hardware to prove to OEMs that they get where their old business model went wrong; That they fell asleep at the wheel and let Apple kill their market and make their OEM's road kill in the process.   Yet today, no matter how great a quarter Microsoft had in terms of tablets and hybrid device growth, it's still dwarfed by Apple's complete and utter dominance in the tablet world. At this stage of the game, Microsoft is never going to turn the tide against Apple alone, as that ship sailed long ago.   However, the hybrid notebook market that Apple is unwilling to challenge is the very door that Microsoft and their growing base of OEM's see as their way in to grind Apple's iPad dominance to a halt over the next five or more years.   The more that Apple fights this trend that consumers are beginning to warm up to, the faster Microsoft could win over volume based OEMs from the Android world which is what is needed to rack up the numbers against the iPad quickly.   While the outcome of this coming war won't be decided on in today's article, or the commentary that will come in our comment section, it's the trend that Patently Apple will continue to monitor very closely. I still believe that Apple's one-time invention that their competitors are now running with will be a winner in next five or six years as quality hybrids and reasonable prices emerge.   Today, many of the cheap models racing in to fill this market niche are simply hurting the hybrid category in my view. I should know as I bought a 2-in-1 hybrid from HP earlier this summer and returned it within 72 hours. It was a disaster on wheels. Half the time the touch display wouldn't respond. It was the worst experience with hardware, ever.   While that should have turned me off to such devices, it has not. I'm still convinced that once the foibles are ironed out of the first generation of products, this is going to be the best selling notebook class over the next 5 or 6 years – mainly because Apple is dismissing it. Apple's competitors simply see Apple's dismissal as a gift from heaven that they can no longer pass on.    The catch, of course, is whether or not Microsoft has what it takes to climb back to being an industry leader and take Apple head on. Yet if the reaction to the new Surface Studio is any indicator, then the tech press may have decided that the new underdog in town may in fact be Microsoft in another historic turnaround story in the making just as Apple was at one point in time.   Is it an attainable dream or fantasy of the walking dead? Only time will tell.   About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.     Posted by Jack Purcher on November 22, 2016 at 10:15 AM in 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports | Permalink Comments The comments to this entry are closed. Search Recent Posts Note7 Probe Results due this Month While Samsung Admits that Growth will lag in 2017 Due to Tough Competition Apple's Chief Israeli Officer Appointed to Run the Israeli Government's 'Innovation Authority' Apple Partnered with Photographers to Capture New Year's Celebrations from around the World on iPhone 7 Apple's Normal Order Management after Christmas seems to have Falsely Alarmed Seasoned News Sites Foxconn Reaching Full Robotic Production Automation for All-in-One PC's and Advancing to other Products every Year Production of Apple's AirPods goes into High Gear in Multiple Shanghai Plants to Meet Consumer Demand Family Sues Apple for not using a patented iOS Feature Designed to shut Off Certain Apps while Driving In Apple's Wearable Device Universe you'll one day wear a Mini iPhone, iPod or Medical Device on your Wrist Apple Advances the Concept of the Apple Watch's Digital Crown Coming to all iDevices eventually Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports 6. Patently Xtra News 7. Snap News 8. Apple-IBM MobileFirst 9. Apple Events & Financial Related Accessories Apple & Market Statistics Apple - Macs Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple iTunes / Apple Music Apple Pay, iWallet, NFC Related Apple Pencil - Smart Pen Apple Store Apple Watch + Other Wearables AppleTV Related Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible, Foldable Facial Recognition & 3D Related Future Interfaces Green Technology Haptics & Tactile iBeacon News + Inductive, Wireless Charging Liquid Metal Location Related, Indoor Mapping Maps Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Reports Projection Related Security Related Smart Bezels + Social Networking Software + OS Solar Energy Sports Related Travel Related Vehicle Related Videos Videos (Reports with) See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
Oneindia Classifieds Coupons Education News Movies Buy Insurance Auto Cricket Gadgets Lifestyle Money Travel Menu Home Mobiles Reviews Gadgets Features Top 10 Mobiles How to Gadget Finder Menu Tip Us!FacebookTwittergplusYoutube News Mobile Tablet Laptop Computer Gear Gadgets Reviews Features How To Gadget Finder Photos Videos English हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు বাংলা ગુજરાતી Home  |  Mobile  |  News  | Apple confirms flaw in iPhone 6 Plus, agrees to repair Apple confirms flaw in iPhone 6 Plus, agrees to repair By: Gizbot Bureau Published: Tuesday, November 22, 2016, 22:00 [IST] Apple has confirmed that there is a flaw in its iPhone 6 Plus that makes the display unresponsive and has launched a new repair programme. The hardware malfunction called "touch disease" exhibits display flickering or multi-touch issues in iPhone 6 Plus after being dropped multiple times on a hard surface and then incurring further stress on the device. SEE ALSO: Listen to PM Modi's Speech on New Rs. 2,000, Rs. 500 Notes With This App "If your iPhone 6 Plus is exhibiting the symptoms noted above, is in working order, and the screen is not cracked or broken, Apple or an Apple authorised service provider will repair your device for a manufacturer's suggested service price of Rs 9,900," Apple said in a statement. Pricing offered by Apple authorised service providers may vary. Apple will contact customers who may have paid for a service repair related to this issue either through Apple or an Apple authorised service provider to arrange reimbursement. SEE ALSO: WhatsApp Video Calling Feature: Here's What Else Can You Do Other Than Video Calls "In case you are facing multi-touch issue, bring your iPhone 6 Plus to a participating Apple authorised service provider. Your iPhone will be examined prior to any service to verify that it is eligible for this programme and in working order. This programme only applies to iPhone 6 Plus," the company added. Source IANS Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Plus Specifications Photos Videos News Specifications Photos Videos News Apple iPhone 6 Plus 2,500 Apple iPhone 6S Plus (Space Grey, 32 GB) 49,999 Gallery   |   51 Photos Apple iPhone 6 Plus +See All Read More About apple | iphone 6 plus | smartphones | iOS | news Other articles published on Nov 22, 2016 Please Wait while comments are loading... Let's Take a Quick Sneak Peak at Samsung Smartphones Launched in 2016 Xiaomi Roundup: Smartphones Rumored to Arrive in 2017 Top 40 Best Smartphones that launched in 2016 Featured Posts RECOMMENDEDEDITOR'S PICK Asus Zenfone AR (Augmented Reality) Might be Unveiled at CES 2017 6 Things That'll Happen if Apple Starts Manufacturing iPhones in India 10 Best Exchange Offers Available on Top Selling Smartphones in India Now You Can Sell All Your Old Products on Amazon WhatsApp No Longer Works on Devices Running Android 2.2 and Below ZTE Blade V8 with Dual camera leaks ahead of CES 2017 VPN Explained for Starters Apple Will Cut iPhone Production by 10 % in 2017 Xolo Era 2X 4G VoLTE Smartphone Set to Launch in India on January 5 Samsung Galaxy A (2017) With IP68 Rating Goes Official Opinion Poll 34,688 Followers 13,012 Followers 1,41,901 Followers 7,506 Followers GET OUR TOP TECH STORIES DELIVERED TO YOUR INBOX FOR FREE Do not Disturb Browse by Category | News | Gadget Finder | Videos | Photos | Features | How To | Mobile | Tablet | Computer | Laptop | Gear | Gadgets Social Followers 34,688 Followers 13,012 Followers 1,41,901 Followers 7,506 Followers Sign Up Newsletter Sign up for our daily Newsletter Latest in Mobiles LYF Water 3Karbonn Titanium Vista 4GAsus ZenFone Go 4.5 LTE (ZB450KL)Karbonn K9 Viraat 4GLYF Wind 7SAsus ZenFone 3 Max ZC553KLLenovo K6 NoteSwipe Elite MaxZTE Nubia N1Motorola Moto MSwipe Elite StarPanasonic Eluga PrimAlcatel Idol 4Lenovo Phab 2LG V20 Apps | RSS Feeds | Facebook | Twitter | Google Plus | Newsletters | Media | Sitemap | Feedback | Advertise with us | Careers | About Us | Contact Us © Greynium Information Technologies Pvt. Ltd.| Terms of Service and Privacy Policy
null
Remember Me Albuquerque Journal SUBSCRIBE NOW For only $12 Sign In Search News Sections Latest News Nation/World Front Page Politics Crime Science Education Living Health Roads & Traffic Photos Video Submit a news tip Archives In your community ABQ Metro Santa Fe Rio Rancho New Mexico Crime Map Community Data Property Crime Offenders City Hall with Dan McKay Inside the beltway with Michael Coleman NM Borderlands with Lauren Villagran NM Higher Ed. with Chris Quintana Sports Sections UNM Lobos NMSU Aggies High School Local Pro Teams Boxing/MMA Golf Other Local Go! Outdoor Sports AP NFL Coverage Speak Up! Email to Speak Up! Grammer School on Lobo basketball Rick is Wright on Lobo football Business Sections Success Careers/Jobs Retail Technology Health Care Energy Business Columns Business Outlook Newsletters Retail Roundup with Jessica Dyer Scammed, Etc. with Ellen Marks Entertainment Sections Movie News Dining Movie Listings Arts TV News Music TV Listings Calendar Fetch! (pet pics) Go! Outdoors Special Sections Living Puzzles Comics Reel NM with Adrian Gomez Video Games with Greg Peretti All In with Rozanna Martinez Brews News with Rozanna Martinez & Jessica Dyer Obituaries Sections Profiles Submit an obituary Opinion Sections Editorials Upfront Syndicated columns Guest columns Letters Caption contest Your opinion Send a letter to the editor Submit Speakup Submit Sports Speakup Calendar Add a calendar event Real Estate Open Houses Classifieds Real Estate Open Houses Garage sales Legals Place an ad Jobs Look for a job Browse by category Employer directory Post a job Cars Build a new vehicle Compare vehicles Research vehicles Auto reviews Subscribe Success! — Manage subscriptions Sign up for our Newsletters 41° Share Apple is replacing the batteries in iPhone 6S models that randomly shut off By Hayley Tsukayama / The Washington Post Tuesday, November 22nd, 2016 at 10:13am .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... ..........Is your iPhone 6S randomly shutting down? Apple may owe you a new battery. The company said this week in a post on its website that some iPhone 6S owners are eligible for a free battery replacement because their phones unexpectedly cut their power even when they have enough charge. Apple did not offer many details on why the phones are shutting down, except to say that the problem is “not a safety issue” and that it affects a “very small number” of phones. A look at Apple’s support forums suggests that people have been reporting similar problems since at least 2015; users said their phones shut off and could not be restarted until they were plugged in again. The replacement program was announced shortly after a state-approved consumer-protection group in China – a key market for Apple – asked the iPhone maker to address reports that some phones shut off even when their indicators said the phones were charged more than halfway. The Chinese Consumers Association said the issue affected the iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6S, the Wall Street Journal reported. Only iPhone 6S phones made between September and October 2015 are included in the program. Smartphone owners who have been having this problem should take their phones to an Apple Store or authorized repair shops to get the official replacement. And users should know: If there are other problems with the phone, such as a cracked screen, Apple will replace the battery free only if you fix (and pay for) those repairs first. The company said other problems with the phone can make it harder to replace the battery. Advertisement Continue reading If you have already had your battery replaced because of this problem, you can contact Apple’s support team and ask for a refund. Apple launched another replacement program last week after acknowledging that some of its iPhone 6 Plus models had what consumers have called “touch disease” – a long-standing issue in which an iPhone’s screen becomes unresponsive. But Apple did not offer a free fix for that problem, which the company said is caused by users’ dropping their phones repeatedly. Apple is facing a lawsuit over the “touch disease” issue. iphone Share Tweet LinkedIn Email Print Subscribe More News Suggested Stories: Apple OS5 Cuts Into Battery Life – Nov 3, 2011 Review: The iPhone 7 is just fine, even if it doesn't wow – Sep 13, 2016 New incidents defy Samsung's efforts to end smartphone woes – Oct 9, 2016 Samsung to stop making top phone; Note 7 discontinued – Oct 11, 2016 Advertisement Comments Subscribe to the Journal for only $12. QUICK LINKS Home Search Weather Archives Puzzles Comics CONTACT THE JOURNAL Staff directory Submit a news tip 505-823-3800 Send a letter to the editor Submit an obituary Advertise in the Journal SUBSCRIBER SERVICES Account services Subscribe to the Journal Recover username/password 505-823-4400 Access our archives Place a classified ad Privacy policy RELATED SITES & PARTNERS Journal Rewards Puzzles News in Education Mountain View Telegraph Rio Rancho Observer Valencia News-Bulletin El Defensor Chieftain Kirtland AFB Nucleus Copyright © 2017 Albuquerque Journal | Albuquerque, N.M. TOP |
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Apple Just Patented an iPhone That Clips to Your Clothes Henry T. Casey Staff Writer Tech Media Network (Tom's Guide)November 22, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Misplacing your smartphone or taking forever to dig it out of a bag can be one of the most annoying parts of owning one, and it appears Apple is aware of this. A newly published patent reveals the Cupertino-based company is developing an iPhone that could grip onto your clothing, making it much harder to lose. Image: businesskorea.co.kr This news is buried inside of a new Apple patent for "Flexible display devices" published today (Nov. 22). Most of the patent focuses on a foldable iPhone-like device (the patent never mentions the smartphone by name), but the patent notes the device would be able to "grip external objects... for example, an item of the user's clothing." Image: businesskorea.co.krMore MORE: iPhone 8 Rumors: What to Expect from the 10th Anniversary iPhone The patent notes that the foldable phone would clip onto your clothes using a teeth-like surface. Those teeth "may have a sawtooth profile, a smooth undulating corrugated profile, may be implemented using one or more spikes or hooks." We'd expect the smoother option, as the rest all sound quite un-Apple. Image: United States Patent OfficeMore Image: United States Patent Office The phone would become attachable when users fold it in half with the screen facing outward. Users could then perform quick actions and commands while the iPhone is attached to their sleeve or somewhere else, similarly to how the Apple Watch lets you instantly respond to a text or quickly view the weather. iPhone fans eager for the handset to get a newer, updated display should be happy to hear that the patent notes these innovations require a flexible display panel. Specifically, it references OLED (organic light-emitting diode) displays, which are rumored to come to the iPhone as soon as next year. Source: Apple Insider  See also : The Best iPhone 8 Concept Videos So Far 12 Best iOS Apps You're Not Using (But Should Be) The Hottest Gadgets of The Year 10 Reasons the iPhone Beats Android Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next 9 tech-friendly gifts for people obsessed with travel Yahoo Tech CNN uses screenshot from ‘Fallout 4’ to show how Russians hack things BGR News Facebook launches live 360-degree video feature Yahoo Tech The battle between SSD and HDD is over, and the winner is clear Digital Trends Celebrity sues Tesla, claims Model X drove itself through a wall and into his house BGR News A theory that challenges Newton’s and Einstein’s gravity and nixes dark matter passed its first test Quartz Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo Finance
iDownloadBlog Home Jailbreak How to Jailbreak Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Cydia Unlock How to Unlock Unlock News iPhone iPhone News iPhone 6s iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6 iPhone Photography iPad iPad News iPad Air iPad mini Watch Apple Watch Guide Mac Mac Mac Apps Mac Tips TV Apple TV guide Apps iOS Apps Mac Apps Widgets Best Apps App Finder Tips Tips How to Tutorial iPhone Photography Download Deals Daily Deals: $70 off Beyerdynamic headphones, 10 iTunes movies for $10, and... Happy New Year firework wallpapers The top stories of the week on iDB How to use AirPods like a pro   skip to main content skip to main menu     Is Jony Ive no longer directly involved with iPhone and Mac product design? By Christian Zibreg, Nov 22, 2016 Tweet 16 Comments In an article Tuesday titled “Pundits Believe Apple’s Jony Ive No Longer Involved in iPhone, Mac Product Design,” AppleInsider reports that journalist Jason Snell and Daring Fireball’s John Gruber speculated on a recent The Talk Show podcast that Ive, who is Apple’s Chief Design Officer, may be now more focused on architectural projects like the upcoming Spaceship campus and special initiatives such as Project Titan than industrial designs related to the iPhone, iPad, Mac and other consumer products from Apple. Based on comments that he had heard over time, Gruber believes that Ive “has assumed a Jobs-like role” within the company and is now heavily involved with projects like the massive iSpaceship campus and store design with retail head Angela Ahrendts: I’ve heard that he has lately been not as directly involved with product design and that he has been largely focused on architecture. Meaning mostly, obviously the Spaceship campus and the new stores. And maybe the other top level executive who’s been working the most with Ive is Angela Ahrendts. And this from Snell: For a while there the talk there was that they were going to make a car, and they recalibrated that to making bits of a car, and I have to wonder if that was a little bit of a hit for Jony Ive because he is a car guy, and perhaps one of the reason they went down the path of making their own car is that Jony Ive was excited about doing car design, and it sounds like they made the decision to back away from that. AppleInsider adds this: Gruber and Snell postulate that Apple’s car project, recently rumored to be dramatically scaled back, was originally started at Ive’s bidding, and the rumored collapse is the herald of Ive’s future departure from the company. Gruber thinks that Ive, 49, “may only be spiritual leadership at this point.” There’s no solid proof for any of this beyond hearsay. I, for one, don’t really think that Ive is totally detached from Apple product design these days. On top of that, the designer continues to be prominently featured in polished promotional videos as the narrator who explains the company’s thought process, design solutions and product features. In many ways, Ive’s become Apple’s arbiter of cool following Jobs’s passing and I don’t think that the company’s pricey new photo book titled “Designed by Apple in California” was his vanity project, nor would I chalk up Apple’s rumored Project Titan to Ive. It’s one thing to persuade the board of directors to back a photo book or a gold-plated Apple Watch, but convincing the board to support a potentially multibillion dollar initiative such as a self-driving or electric car is completely another thing. I do think, however, that Ive’s role change from Senior Vice President of Design to Chief Design Officer signals his evolving responsibilities which now include all design across Apple. In a May 2015 interview with The Telegraph, Ive said that the new role lets him focus on blue sky thinking. British-born Richard Howarth took on Ive’s previous role as the head of industrial design whilst Alan Dye, another Ive lieutenant, took over UI design across the company. “Richard is going to be our new head of Industrial Design,” said Ive. “And this is Alan Dye, the new head of User Interface.” Ive can be seen belo photographed standing between Dye (left) and Howarth (right). Asked why he would relinquished the two departments that had been so successfully under his control, Ive told The Telegraph’s Stephen Fry the following: Well, I’m still in charge of both. I am called Chief Design Officer. Having Alan and Richard in place frees me up from some of the administrative and management work. Those two are as good as it gets. Richard was lead on the iPhone from the start. He saw it all the way through from prototypes to the first model we released. Alan has a genius for human interface design. So much of the Apple Watch’s operating system came from him. Ive’s bio page on the Apple Leadership webpage echoes this sentiment, clearly stating that his duties as Chief Design Officer include the look and feel of Apple hardware, user interface, packaging, major architectural projects such as Apple Campus 2 and Apple’s retail stores, “as well as new ideas and future initiatives.” Photos: Gabriela Hasbun for The Telegraph. Source: The Talk Show via AppleInsider Share: Tweet Follow: Follow @iDownloadBlog We Recommend Overhauled Apple Music to integrate lyrics, offer a new Browse section and more A more intuitive Apple Music to launch at WWDC next month Apple launches beta 2 of iOS 10.2.1 and macOS Sierra 10.12.3 iOS 10.2.1 and macOS Sierra 10.12.3 now available to public beta testers Related Topics Apple, Design, iPad, iPhone, John Gruber, Jony Ive, Mac, News, Podcast, Rumors Ты такая открытая Finally, if this is true things are getting better for Apple. Prasoon Singh It’s about time someone else designs the iPhone for once. Marc Words of a Samsung J7 user or are you one of these Micromax kids? Jerry Highly doubt it. This guy IS Apple. TechnoBuff It is funny when people assume that one person is wholly responsible for designing the iPhone….. In any firm with leading creative assets… Many people contribute to top designs but one person dictates the thoughts and philosophy of each product design which is what John did with the iPhone… John Ive did not WHOLLY design the iphone on his own. burge Using a web app to post this as the new update does want to work over wifi or cellular data. Anyway back to what I was going to say. Jony Ive = Apple CEO in waiting. ConduciveMammal Hey Christian, I think today’s app update buggered something as it’s not loading posts for me now. Impreza Nothing buggered, they just don’t like your posts. 🙂 burge It was not the update it was a server issue. I asked via twitter. ConduciveMammal Ahh gotcha, thanks for the info. Seems to be working now Sebastien We had a temporary server issue which caused the app to act up. Everything is back to normal now. I apologize about the inconvenience. Impreza I heard Ivy and Angela were caught doing the horizontal lambada on Tim Cooks desk. Fair dinkum these half-baked wannabee decent journos spend half their life publishing crap over what they want people to think they heard rather than the truth being that they still know f**k all when it comes to the internal machinations of Apple’s hierarchical enclave. They’re gossip mongerers at best and all they serve to do is spread more meaningless crap in the name of journalism. I’m amazed none of these expert journalists have heard Eddy Cue training for the next Florida to Cuba swim witn a waterproof apple watch taped to his a$$. Fair dinkum some serious reassessment needs to be made on what constitutes journalism. techfreak23 This isn’t a news site and they aren’t technically journalists. It’s a blog. Hence the name, idownloadblog… They can talk about whatever the hell they want here, whether it be rumor or speculation or fact. Some of the things end up being true, others not so much. techfreak23 As long as they don’t keep trying to make everything wafer thin and maybe focus on other improvements such as battery life, better hardware, etc. I would be all for Jony not being so involved with the design process. I think the phones have gotten to a good level of thinness and I’m sure many others would agree. Ghaith Al Hami True he had big role for designing the iphone and maybe the iOS interface , but in my opinion the design will not change much even for the edge to edge iphone in the next year as the roumer said VICTORIA GARCÍA DAMM GINA,THIS JONY GUY IS FAT AND BALD AND FAT.   Search Connect with iDownloadBlog Facebook Become a fan RSS Get the latest news YouTube Watch Us Twitter Stay up to date Newsletter News delivered to you Google+ Add us to your circle   The most recent headlines Rumor: Apple seeding first iOS 10.3 beta on January 10 with new ‘Theatre’ mode Daily Deals: $70 off Beyerdynamic headphones, 10 iTunes movies for $10, and more Beautiful iPhone 7 photos show New Year’s Eve celebrations around the world The best VR apps and games available on the App Store right now Happy New Year firework wallpapers   The latest jailbreak news Jailbreak tweaks of the week: CCLowPower, CCRecord, Evanesco, & more… CCLowPower adds a Low Power Mode toggle to Control Center ForceInPicture enables Picture in Picture mode on unsupported devices CCRecord: a tweak to quickly and easily record your iPhone screen Customize your iOS 10 Control Center toggle colors with Cream 2 and Creamless iDownloadBlog           iDownloadblog.com About About Advertise Contact Keep in Touch Twitter Facebook RSS Feed Newsletter Push Notifications Podcasts Let's Talk iOS Let's Talk Jailbreak Site Stuff Disclosure Privacy Policy   Copyright iDownloadBlog 2017. This website is not affiliated with Apple.
自由電子報 | 影音娛樂 | 好康報報 | 自由部落 ‧Business Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Home / Business Wed, Nov 23, 2016 - Page 10　News List Print Mail Facebook Twitter plurk funp Trump tax plan has bond sales effect MOUNTAIN OF CASH:Apple has become the biggest non-financial bond issuer in the world to avoid repatriating more than US$200 billion it holds outside the US Bloomberg Investors hooked on bonds of companies such as Apple Inc and Oracle Corp might soon have too look for alternatives if a tax proposal from US president-elect Donald Trump becomes reality. Trump has said he would temporarily slash the tax rate on funds repatriated by US companies from 35 percent to 10 percent, meaning cash-rich firms that according to Bank of America Corp stash an estimated US$860 billion to US$1 trillion abroad might no longer need to turn to the bond market as a cheaper alternative to finance share repurchases. The effects are to be substantial. Apple has become the biggest non-financial corporate-bond issuer in the world, as it raised more than US$80 billion in four years to finance share buybacks instead of repatriating the more than US$200 billion of cash it holds overseas. Oracle sold US$14 billion of bonds in June to partly support shareholders. Bank of America said it expects that if taxes on overseas cash held by US companies are reduced, bond sales will go down by US$150 billion each year. “A topic of discussion post the Trump [election] victory is the repatriation of cash and what that does to some of the large tech companies that would refinance or raise money in our market,” said Todd Mahoney, head of fixed-income syndicate for the Americas at UBS Group AG. “That could be a driver of reduced volume.” Technology and healthcare companies — holders of about 80 percent of all overseas cash — have sold US$136 billion of bonds this year for purposes other than acquisitions, according to data complied by Bloomberg. Apple has issued almost US$24 billion of bonds this year in the US, largely to buy back equity. Despite its reliance on the bond market, Apple is sitting on a mountain of funds. Its overseas cash pile is more than eight times larger than the amount of bonds it sold this year, company filings show. After the last tax holiday was passed in 2004, non-financial investment grade bond sales plunged by about 30 percent, according to UBS strategists. Now, though, that market is almost three times larger, according to Bloomberg Barclays index data. So long as investors are still clamoring for company debt as issuance falls, a smaller supply year might mean yields above treasuries that are already near the lowest in a year might tighten even further. However, not all bond investors are convinced. “The market is a lot bigger than it used to be,” said Tom Murphy, a money manager at Columbia Threadneedle Investments in Minneapolis, Minnesota. “If more supply equals wider spreads, spreads should be at infinity.” The clearest winners in a post-Trump bond market are probably chief financial officers such as Kelly Kramer of Cisco Systems Inc. The world’s largest maker of networking equipment has issued about US$13 billion of bonds this year in part to boost shareholders. “We’re encouraged that something will happen,” Kramer said on a call to discuss earnings on Wednesday last week. The company keeps more than US$57 billion of its cash abroad, according to regulatory filings. “We have many, many scenarios of what we would do when repatriation comes,” Kramer said. This story has been viewed 1348 times. Comments will be moderated. Remarks containing abusive and obscene language, personal attacks of any kind or promotion will be removed and the user banned. Print Mail facebook twitter plurk funp TOP Most Popular Listing from 2016-12-27 to 2017-01-03 Most read Most e-mailed 1 Committee green-lights same-sex marriage draft 2 EDITORIAL: Transitional justice must be taught 3 Obama military exchange overture sparks China ire 4 Book Review:A misunderstood crisis 5 Gold futures cap longest run of weekly losses in 12 years 金價週線跌勢十二年來最長 MORE  1 FDA announces stricter food labeling regulations 2 Tainan collector shows off money 3 Major tire makers raising prices as materials go up 4 School event row sparks debate on Taiwanese history 5 China considering strong steps to contain Taiwan MORE  Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Subscribe‧Advertise‧Employment‧About Us‧Contact Us‧ RSS Copyright © 1999-2017 The Taipei Times. All rights reserved.
自由電子報 | 影音娛樂 | 好康報報 | 自由部落 ‧Business Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Home / Business Wed, Nov 23, 2016 - Page 12　News List Print Mail Facebook Twitter plurk funp Apple iPhone 7 retains top spot as best-selling phone Staff writer, with CNA A reporter films the new iPhone 7 at an Apple store in Beijing, China, on Sept. 16. Photo: Reuters The iPhone 7 was the best-selling smartphone in Taiwan last month, a month after Apple launched the new phone in the market, industry sources said yesterday. A total of 722,000 smartphones were sold in Taiwan last month, up 5 percent from a month earlier, sources said. About 150,000 units, or 20.8 percent of the total, were from the iPhone 7 series — the 4.7-inch iPhone 7 and the 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus — they said. iPhone 7 sales got some help during the month after Samsung Electronics Co of South Korea stopped production of its latest flagship model — the Galaxy Note 7 — due to a series of battery fires around the world, the sources said. The 128GB iPhone 7 topped the individual model sales list, followed by the 128GB iPhone 7 Plus and the ZenFone 3 ZE552KL made by Asustek Computer Inc (華碩), which moved into the smartphone market to diversify from its core PC business, the sources said. The 2016 edition of Samsung’s Galaxy J7 was fourth, followed by the 64GB Xperia XZ from Japan’s Sony Corp, the 32GB iPhone 7, the ZenFone 3 ZE520KL, Taiwan-based HTC Corp’s (宏達電) Desire 728, Sony’s 16GB Xperia XA and Samsung’s Galaxy S7 edge, the sources said. They said that Sony’s efforts to penetrate the global high-end smartphone market have paid off, helping the Xperia XZ line become the top seller in Taiwan’s high-end Android camp. Apple took a 28.2 percent share in Taiwan’s smartphone market by volume, ahead of Samsung (15.5 percent), Asustek (14.9 percent), HTC (12.1 percent) and Sony (10.2 percent), the sources said. In terms of market share by sales value, Apple led the pack with 59.9 percent due to the higher price tag on its phones, followed by Samsung (11.3 percent), Sony (10.4 percent), Asustek (6.4 percent) and HTC (5.6 percent), the sources said. This story has been viewed 1790 times. Comments will be moderated. Remarks containing abusive and obscene language, personal attacks of any kind or promotion will be removed and the user banned. Print Mail facebook twitter plurk funp TOP Most Popular Listing from 2016-12-27 to 2017-01-03 Most read Most e-mailed 1 Committee green-lights same-sex marriage draft 2 EDITORIAL: Transitional justice must be taught 3 Obama military exchange overture sparks China ire 4 Book Review:A misunderstood crisis 5 Gold futures cap longest run of weekly losses in 12 years 金價週線跌勢十二年來最長 MORE  1 FDA announces stricter food labeling regulations 2 Tainan collector shows off money 3 Major tire makers raising prices as materials go up 4 School event row sparks debate on Taiwanese history 5 China considering strong steps to contain Taiwan MORE  Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Subscribe‧Advertise‧Employment‧About Us‧Contact Us‧ RSS Copyright © 1999-2017 The Taipei Times. All rights reserved.
null
null
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming CES 2017 Desktop PCs Internet Laptops Monitors PC Components Peripherals More Printers Software Trending: Christmas Gift Guide Apple Watch 2 iPhone 7 Galaxy S7 vs iPhone 6S Google Pixel Galaxy S7 Home / News / Internet News / Apple Black Friday Event: The best deals right now Apple Black Friday Event: The best deals right now by James Laird 25 November 2016 0 shares Read Comments Apple is staging a rare one-day Black Friday sales event. Here are all the best UK Apple deals, sales and discounts you can look forward to this year including some top early bargains. The vaguely festive image you see above landed on the Apple UK website earlier this week, inviting shoppers to return to the iPhone 7, iPad Pro, and Apple Watch 2 maker's digital home on Friday. The deals are now in and, while not amazing, they are enticing if you were already in the mix for buying an Apple product for yourself or as a gift this Christmas. Let's start with the good: you can get up to £120 worth of gift vouchers sent to your billing email when you buy Apple products this Black Friday. The bad? Well if you want one of their latest products then you're out of luck. The latest MacBook Pro, iPhone 7 and Apple Watch 2 don't qualify. But if you’re not dead-set on buying from Apple directly, you can get some seriously great savings at Apple Premium Reseller KRCS. Click here for KRCS Apple deals Here are the following discounts on offer: Mac – 12% off iPad Pro and iPad Air 2 – 8% off iPad Mini 2 and iPad Mini 4 – 6% off iPhone – 4% off Apple Watch – 6% off Apple TV 10% off Beats – 14% off Click here for KRCS Apple deals Otherwise, here are some great Apple deals: Related: Best Black Friday deals Apple iPhone Black Friday Deals: Get an Apple gift card worth up to £40 when you get an iPhone SE, iPhone 6S or iPhone 6S Plus: iPhone SE (16/64GB): Get a free £20 voucher – BUY NOW iPhone 6S (32/128GB): Get a free £40 voucher – BUY NOW iPhone 6S Plus (32/128GB): Get a free £40 voucher – BUY NOW You can also get the following iPhone deals: iPhone SE (64GB): WAS £439 | NOW £379 | SAVE £60 – BUY NOW iPhone 6 (Refurb): Get a refurbished model for JUST £259 – BUY NOW Apple iPad Black Friday Deals: And just like the iPhone, you can get free gift cards worth up to £80 on selected iPad models, as follows: 9.7-inch iPad Pro: Get a free £80 voucher – BUY NOW 12.9-inch iPad Pro: Get a free £80 voucher – BUY NOW iPad Air 2 32GB: Get a free £40 voucher – BUY NOW iPad Air 2 128GB: Get a free £40 voucher – BUY NOW iPad Mini 4: Get a free £40 voucher – BUY NOW And there are some decently cheap iPad deals too: iPad Mini 2 32GB: WAS £259 | NOW £209 | SAVE £50 – BUY NOW iPad Pro 32GB LTE: WAS £669 | NOW £599 | SAVE £70 – BUY NOW Apple Watch Black Friday Deals: While the excellent Apple Watch Series 2 isn't on offer, the tweaked Apple Watch Series 1 is. It has a beefed up processor over the very first Apple Watch, and so is a little quicker – plus watchOS 3 has made it a whole lot more useful. You can get a voucher deal below: Apple Watch Series 1: Get a free £20 voucher – BUY NOW Apple MacBook Deals: Once again you can forget about the latest Touch Bar MacBook Pros. Apple is only discounting older models this Black Friday. However, that may not be a bad thing. The previous generation MacBook Pro is powerful, looks and feels great and has arguably more useful features than the newer model. For example it comes with a SD card slot and USB ports, both of which are still very useful. Buy any 13- or 15-inch MacBook Pro and you get a £120 voucher. It's the same deal with the 13-inch MacBook Air and the slim and light MacBook. If you're looking for something bigger then all iMacs also get the same voucher, as does the powerful Mac Pro. Buy a MacBook, iMac or Mac Pro from the Apple Store Related: Best Amazon Black Friday deals We've spotted some other Apple Black Friday deals across the web so why not have a look at these too? In fact, we've already spotted a couple of corking iPhone deals to get you in the mood. Right now over on eBay, you can bag yourself a SIM-free iPhone 6 for a mere £245. While it's a couple of years old and the phone in question is a refurbished number, that's still a great price given the high storage capacity – an iPhone 7 with a similar amount of room costs around £700! Buy Now: iPhone 6 SIM-free on eBay for as little as £245! There's also some stonking contract deals for the latest iPhones going at the moment. Right now over on Mobile Phones Direct, you can enjoy a variety of Black Friday deals which see the upfront cost completely wiped off the all-new iPhone 7. One of our absolute favourites sees you get a free 32GB iPhone 7 on a £35.99 per month contract (over 24 months). It comes with unlimited calls and texts on EE, plus an ample 5GB a month data allowance. That's a TCO of just £864 which is absolutely ace, and similar offers are available on Vodafone, if that's your preferred network. Buy Now: Free 32GB iPhone 7 on £35.99pm EE contract and much more!There'll be plenty more offers coming on Black Friday itself, so bookmark this page and check back regularly for all the latest and greatest Apple Black Friday deals. Find even more Black Friday deals here! Tesco Zavvi John Lewis Currys Amazon Amazon.com Ebay Ebay.com Watch: Black Friday tips and tricks Will you be looking out for Apple deals on Black Friday? Let us know in the comments below. 0 shares Read Comments Lewis Price November 23, 2016, 9:51 am Looking for cheap iPod touch 6th gen Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2017, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
recommended reading 2017 Federal IT Trends Forecast Low Code, Not Open Source, is Key to Federal IT Agility House Report: 'Serial Fabricator' Snowden Talks to Russian Spy Agencies DoD, IC and NGOs Can Now Maintain Connections—Even Lost Ones Nextgov TRENDING facebook twitter google plus rss Government Waste // Cyber Threat Sharing // CIA's Classified Cloud // RegInfo Mobile // Cyber Attribution // Muslim Registry News CIO Briefing Emerging Tech Cloud Cybersecurity Mobile Health Defense Big Data Sponsored: FedTech Tech, Security Sectors Fear Renewed Crypto Fights Under Trump andrey_l/Shutterstock.com By Joseph Marks November 22, 2016 NEXTGOV NEWSLETTER SUBSCRIBE related stories Democratic Senate Shuffle Could Aid Encryption Advocates on Intel Committee Google, Amazon Urge Trump to Support Strong Encryption Report: FBI Can Unlock Most Devices FBI Director: Time to Discuss Encryption Before 'Something Terrible Happens' Share this on Facebook Tweet this on Twitter Share this on Google Plus Share this on LinkedIn Print this article Email this article Increase size As Donald Trump fills out national security and law enforcement posts in his new cabinet, the future of encryption may hang in the balance. On the campaign trail, the president-elect was a committed foe of cop-proof encryption systems that shield customer communications even from the communications provider. Most prominently, he urged supporters to boycott Apple over the company’s refusal to help the FBI bypass a security feature that prevented cracking into the encrypted iPhone used by San Bernardino shooter Syed Farook.  » Get the best federal technology news and ideas delivered right to your inbox. Sign up here. Supporters of strong encryption are also aware the president-elect has reined in some of his more controversial positions. They’re watching closely to see if his encryption stance may soften once he’s in the White House. “I think that’s going to be a prominent topic for a lot of the individuals engaged with the new administration, to make sure there’s a full understanding of the impact [of the encryption debate],” Ann Barron-DiCamillo, former director of the Homeland Security Department's Computer Emergency Response Team told Nextgov. “Understanding that impact and not just talking about it during a campaign is a very different place.”  The encryption debate has been at a slow burn since March. That’s when the FBI backed away from its standoff with Apple after an unnamed third party helped the bureau crack into the San Bernardino phone for a hefty fee. In the wake of that standoff, Senate Intelligence Chairman Sen. Richard Burr, R-N.C., and ranking member Sen. Dianne Feinstein, D-Calif., floated draft legislation in April that would compel tech companies to help law enforcement access customer communications when presented with a warrant—essentially, the position Apple was in. That bill, which was never formally introduced, stopped short of mandating a government backdoor into encrypted communications FBI Director James Comey has advocated for. President Barack Obama refused to publicly come down on either side of the encryption debate, saying you “can’t take an absolutist view.” Encryption advocates are concerned a crisis similar to the Apple-FBI standoff could thrust the debate back into the spotlight but with an executive branch unified on the side of forcing tech firms to help law enforcement. “I think the worst case scenario is the Burr bill comes back up and it garners significant support and, unlike the last administration, we have a White House that’s wholeheartedly in support,” said Gabe Rottman, deputy director of the Center for Democracy and Technology’s Freedom, Security and Technology Project. “There’s certainly the fear that there is another crisis and measures like this will slip through without appropriate deliberation because of fear and anxiety,” he added.   Congress, which was also fiercely divided during the Apple dispute, may feel pressure to fall in line, said Evan Geer, campaign director with Fight for the Future, a web freedom advocacy group that organized nationwide protests during the Apple-FBI standoff. “The reality is, we’re sort of constantly in crisis on this,” Geer said. “The entire election season was dominated by news of leaked information, hacks of private emails. All of these things are fueling a general sense in Congress that ‘the cyber is dangerous and we have to do something about it.’ There’s almost nothing in the world more dangerous than a bunch of politicians sure they should do something about something they don’t understand.” Some of Trump’s cabinet picks advocate for more measured approaches, however, giving tech executives and security advocates hope the incoming president might temper his position. Trump’s pick for CIA chief, Rep. Mike Pompeo, R-Kan., urged Apple to cooperate with the FBI in the San Bernardino case, but also criticized calls for the government to mandate law enforcement backdoors into encrypted communications saying such laws would simply drive terrorists and criminals to non-American encryption systems. A rumored prospect to lead DHS, Rep. Mike McCaul, R-Texas, authored compromise legislation at the height of the Apple dispute that would create a nonpartisan commission of academics, experts and business officials to examine long-term encryption tradeoffs between cybersecurity, national security, privacy and civil liberties. McCaul, who chairs the House Homeland Security Committee, co-sponsored the legislation with Sen. Mark Warner, D-Va., who will replace Feinstein as ranking member on the Senate Intelligence Committee next Congress and could act as another check on encryption subverting legislation. Trump’s pick to lead the Justice Department, Sen. Jeff Sessions, R-Ala., seemingly took a harder line, telling Bloomberg at the height of Apple’s encryption standoff that law enforcement’s ability to access encrypted communications was a “life and death” issue and that Apple CEO Tim Cook did not understand the stakes. Encryption supporters are also trying to nudge the president-elect. The Internet Association, a tech lobbying group that counts Google and Amazon among its members, sent a letter to the president-elect this month urging him to support strong encryption among other priorities. BSA | The Software Alliance, which represents Microsoft and IBM among others, released a set of encryption principles the following day. The Information Technology Industry Council, which represents Google, Facebook and Amazon among others, predicted a likely government effort to undermine encryption in a post-election letter to members shared with Nextgov. “The tech sector will need to undertake an early and concerted education effort to demonstrate how weakening encryption is also a matter of personal and national security,” the letter stated.  recommended for you Threatwatch Alert Thousands of cyber attacks occur each day See the latest threats ADD A COMMENT Remove Cloud IT “Blind Spots” with Application Visibility Data Analytics Bring Transportation Infrastructure into the Future FROM OUR SPONSORS sponsored Get Smart. Get The D Brief. Subscribe to Defense One's new national security newsletter. JOIN THE DISCUSSION By using this service you agree not to post material that is obscene, harassing, defamatory, or otherwise objectionable. Although Nextgov does not monitor comments posted to this site (and has no obligation to), it reserves the right to delete, edit, or move any material that it deems to be in violation of this rule. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. PROMOTIONS eBook 2017 Federal IT Trends Forecast // At Nextgov, we partnered with Forrester Research to get its analysts’ take on what government technologies will be hot in 2017. Hint: Expect cyber, data and emerging technologies such as virtual reality to remain in the spotlight, while areas like customer service will see less momentum. eBook Customer Experience Focused: Why The Government Needs To Prioritize Customers // This eBook explores what government gets right and wrong in customer service, and how some agencies are putting customers first in an effort to better meet their missions. Nextgov Event: FITARA in Year Two See all coverage Underwritten by Dell FREE NEWSLETTERS Nextgov Today Health IT Route Fifty Today Research & Insights FITARA Forward see all blogs Nextgov Event: FITARA in Year Two Emerging Tech by Frank Konkel Public Sector IT Trends for 2017 Tech Insider by Tom Ruff How New York Finally Found Its Place in the Tech Boom Wired Workplace by Carter Dougherty sponsored links Nextgov About Contact Us Events Advertise List Rentals Site Map Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions GovExec Defense One Route Fifty Quartz National Journal The Atlantic CityLab © 2017 by National Journal Group, Inc. All rights reserved. Close [ x ] More from Nextgov   Next Story   × Get top federal technology stories and news alerts in your inbox. Sign up for Nextgov Today My email is ... I work for ... --select-- Military Federal Government State/Local Government Contractor Private Sector Retired Yes, Nextgov can email me on behalf of carefully selected companies and organizations. Sign up View Privacy Policy Thank you. Help us tailor content specifically for you: Full Name Agency/Department --select-- Air Force Army Coast Guard Navy Marines Department of Agriculture Department of Commerce Department of Education Department of Energy EPA Executive Office of the President/Vice President GSA Department of Defense Department of HHS Department of Homeland Security Department of HUD Department of Interior Judiciary Branch Office of the Secretary of Defense Department of Justice Department of Labor Legislative Branch NASA OMB OPM SSA Department of State Department of Transportation Department of Treasury USPS Department of Veterans Affairs Other Agency Government Association County Municipal Higher Education K-12 Education Special District State Job Function --select-- Agency Leadership Business & Operations Technology Management Financial/Contract Management Human Resource Management Sales & Marketing Other Phone number Zip code Submit View Privacy Policy Thank you for subscribing to newsletters from Nextgov.com. We think these reports might interest you: Data-Centric Security vs. Database-Level Security Database-level encryption had its origins in the 1990s and early 2000s in response to very basic risks which largely revolved around the theft of servers, backup tapes and other physical-layer assets. As noted in Verizon’s 2014, Data Breach Investigations Report (DBIR)1, threats today are far more advanced and dangerous. Download Featured Content from RSA Conference: Dissed by NIST Learn more about the latest draft of the U.S. National Institute of Standards and Technology guidance document on authentication and lifecycle management. Download The Advantages of User Awareness in Public Sector Network Security Good security should reveal who is doing what to sensitive data across the organization. This whitepaper discusses challenges with traditional network security and how public sector agencies can better leverage user-aware network security to improve productivity and visibility, while enforcing data privacy, integrity and confidentiality. Download Federal IT Applications: Assessing Government's Core Drivers In order to better understand the current state of external and internal-facing agency workplace applications, Government Business Council (GBC) and Riverbed undertook an in-depth research study of federal employees. Overall, survey findings indicate that federal IT applications still face a gamut of challenges with regard to quality, reliability, and performance management. Download From Volume to Value: UK’s NHS Digital Provides U.S. Healthcare Agencies A Roadmap For Value-Based Payment Models The U.S. healthcare industry is rapidly moving away from traditional fee-for-service models and towards value-based purchasing that reimburses physicians for quality of care in place of frequency of care. Download GBC Issue Brief: Supply Chain Insecurity Federal organizations rely on state-of-the-art IT tools and systems to deliver services efficiently and effectively, and it takes a vast ecosystem of organizations, individuals, information, and resources to successfully deliver these products. This issue brief discusses the current threats to the vulnerable supply chain - and how agencies can prevent these threats to produce a more secure IT supply chain process. Download When you download a report, your information may be shared with the underwriters of that document. Finished Privacy Policy
Search Menu ISTHMUS NEWS News Cover Stories Snapshot Week in Review Madison Matrix OPINION Opinion Citizen Dave Madland Savage Love Cartoons Tell All Feedback Forum FOOD & DRINK Beer Cocktails Cooking Reviews Restaurant Guide ARTS & CULTURE Books Comedy Emphasis Sports Stage Madison Mirror MUSIC Music Calendar Isthmus Live Sessions Vinyl Cave Picks Playlists SCREENS Movies TV & Video Games EVENTS Calendar Isthmus Picks Giveaways Isthmus Events Isthmus Tickets Beer & Cheese Fest Beer Cocktails Cooking Reviews Restaurant Guide Home FOOD & DRINK Bringing breakfast back Bringing breakfast back The Ugly Apple is a pioneer in the early morning cart scene by Dylan Brogan November 22, 2016 10:20 AM Back to Search Results RSS Print × Expand Linda Falkenstein The Ugly Apple is trying something new for Capitol Square food carts: breakfast. Chef Laurel Burleson saw an opening for a morning meal cart when researching mobile vending last year. “The food cart scene is so well supported in Madison. But no one was really doing breakfast,” says Burleson. Such a cart “seemed like it might appeal to someone who wants something fast, but also homemade and substantial, on their way to work.” Ugly Apple serves biscuit sandwiches (made with ham or bacon from Stoddard’s in Cottage Grove), apple fritters, muffins, oatmeal, market vegetable frittatas, and biscuits and gravy as well as rotating specials. The food cart operates on the corner of Wisconsin Avenue and Mifflin Street 7-10 a.m., Monday through Thursday. On Friday morning, Ugly Apple serves office workers at University Research Park. Burleson intends to be open for business through the winter (unless there’s a blizzard). × Expand Linda Falkenstein Burleson has worked in professional kitchens since high school. Her experience in Madison includes stints as a sous chef at Bishop’s Bay Country Club as well as Nostrano. While working in the restaurant industry, Burleson was always bothered by the amount of food that’s wasted. “I also started to hear from farmers at local markets about the difficulty of selling their ugly produce. It’s still tastes great but just wasn’t being sold because it had a scratch or was the wrong shape,” says Burleson. “So I got the idea of buying overstock produce — the things that don’t sell at the farmers’ markets — and trying to use that.” A commitment to using tasty — if not aesthetically perfect — produce is also what inspired Burleson to name her food cart Ugly Apple. “The name goes back to the Ugly Duckling story,” says Burleson. “The ugly apple still becomes a beautiful fritter.” Tags Food & Drink Food Cart/Truck Food News by Dylan Brogan November 22, 2016 10:20 AM RSS Print Feature All Where All Find Monday January 2, 2017 Sorry, no events. Tuesday January 3, 2017 Isthmus Picks Jersey Boys Jan 3, 2017 7:30 PM Overture Center-Overture Hall Wednesday January 4, 2017 Isthmus Picks Jersey Boys Jan 4, 2017 7:30 PM Overture Center-Overture Hall Thursday January 5, 2017 Isthmus Picks Jersey Boys Jan 5, 2017 7:30 PM Overture Center-Overture Hall Friday January 6, 2017 Isthmus Picks Old Befana Jan 6, 2017 7:00 PM Isthmus Picks Jersey Boys Jan 6, 2017 8:00 PM Overture Center-Overture Hall Saturday January 7, 2017 Isthmus Picks Jersey Boys Jan 7, 2017 2:00 PM Overture Center-Overture Hall Isthmus Picks Old Befana Jan 7, 2017 6:00 PM Sunday January 8, 2017 Isthmus Picks Old Befana Jan 8, 2017 10:15 AM Isthmus Picks Jersey Boys Jan 8, 2017 1:00 PM Overture Center-Overture Hall Search Events Submit Yours ISTHMUS EVENTS * indicates required Email Address *   Isthmus On Tap What's happening this weekend   Isthmus Events Bringing you the fun around town   Madison Craft Beer Week A celebration of great beer ISTHMUS NEWS News Cover Stories Snapshot Week in Review Madison Matrix OPINION Opinion Citizen Dave Madland Savage Love Cartoons Tell All Feedback Forum FOOD & DRINK Beer Cocktails Cooking Reviews Restaurant Guide ARTS & CULTURE Books Comedy Emphasis Sports Stage Madison Mirror MUSIC Music Calendar Isthmus Live Sessions Vinyl Cave Picks Playlists SCREENS Movies TV & Video Games EVENTS Calendar Isthmus Picks Giveaways Isthmus Events Isthmus Tickets Beer & Cheese Fest Beer Cocktails Cooking Reviews Restaurant Guide Facebook Twitter YouTuibe Soundcloud Instagram RSS ISTHMUS is © 2016 Red Card Media, Inc. | All rights reserved. | Madison, Wisconsin | USA Built with Metro Publisher™
null
Login All Reviews Editorials News Happy 2017 from The Mac Observer! Want to Edit Your Tweets? Let Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey Know AirPods Production in Overtime to Cut Shipping Delays Tips Tip: Fix The Vincedes3 iMessage-Crashing Bug With One Tap AirPods: Useful Siri Commands and Other Tips Podcasts Happy New Year from Your Two Favorite Geeks – Mac Geek Gab 638 Apple's Unused Patent Lawsuit, Twitter Features We Want - TMO Daily Observations 2016-12-30 View All Results → iKlip Grip Pro an Excellent Multifunction Tripod, Monopod, Selfie Stick Minix NEO C Mini USB-C to HDMI: Low Cost, Low Weight Just Mobile's AluCharge 4-Port USB-A Charger Falls Just Short Matias Wireless Aluminum Keyboard: The Apple Keyboard You've Been Looking For Brydge 12.9 Aluminum Keyboard for iPad Pro Exudes Class View All Reviews → My 3 Favorite iOS Apps From 2016 Apple Sued for Not Including Patented Technology in iPhone Resolve to Back Up Your Mac in 2017 macOS Sierra: Best Listener Yet How to Decipher Apple's Conflicting Messaging About Macs View All Editorials → Matias Wireless Aluminum Keyboard: The Apple Keyboard You’ve Been Looking For John Kheit Nov 22nd, 2016 9:00 AM EST | In-Depth Review After looking high and low, a wonderful commenter, George Canellis, put me on to the Matias Wireless Aluminum Keyboard. Thank you, George. Finally, after collecting a chest full of keyboards full of broken promise, this keyboard delivers. And I cannot tell you how long I’ve been looking for this keyboard.  Apple, stubbornly, stupidly, will not make a wireless keyboard with a numeric keypad.  Why? Because they are stupid, stupid people.  But I digress. John Kheit’s (partial) Keyboard Junk Drawer The Good If I had to guess, Matias found the company that makes Apple’s keyboards, because it feels and looks like an Apple keyboard.  The aluminum is the same grade of aluminum as an Apple keyboard.  Even the bottom is the same white lucite-like plastic. It also has has the exact same keyboard layout as the Apple Wireless keyboard, and most the same layout as the Apple USB keyboard. Physically, the Matias keyboard really apes the physicality of the Apple USB keyboard—the USB port block propping up the Apple keyboard is instead a housing for a massive battery. That’s a great thing. No worries about remapping keys, and your muscle memory will transfer to this keyboard without any thought. It has a rechargeable battery that lasts… wait for it… a whole FREAK’N YEAR! The base that angles the keyboard up seems to be all battery.  Sure Apple could have put in a bigger battery in their Magic Keyboard, but why would Apple bother to do anything you might find useful, like spend $0.50 more and put in a larger rechargeable battery in their devices.  They’re busy putting out un-ornamented Christmas trees, expensive picture books for overgrown children, and not updating Macs.  These are busy people. The keyboard action and feel is very Apple-like, however, it is a touch stiffer than Apple’s Magic Keyboard. This may soften a bit with use, but be prepared to use a touch more force to hit the keys. But it’s really not bad at all. It’s about the same stiffness as the keyboards you might find in a 2011 MacBook Pro, so well within Apple-ish thresholds. The keyboard also seems to instantly connect to the Mac as soon as you touch any of its keys. Many bluetooth keyboards, when they go to sleep to save battery life, become unresponsive with the first few keys you depress. Such keyboards, in effect, don’t register your first few key presses as they wake.  The Microsoft Surface keyboards suffer from this.  Other keyboards will take a while to wake, but will buffer your key presses and still eventually unleash what you typed—a lesser evil.  But Apple’s keyboards suffer no such delays, and happily, neither does this Matias. Matias also offers the keyboard in different colors including: aluminum with white keys, a nice space grey with black keys, and aping Apple’s garish poor taste, in gold and rose gold (i.e., Hello Kitty® pink) as well. Matias Wireless Aluminum Keyboards The Meh A little bit more on feel.  First, the keys have a more matte and/or course feel to them than the smooth Apple keys on its keyboards.  In addition, as you type, there is a soft reverb that goes through the keyboard, I mean really really soft.  I’ve had some people test it and not felt what I feel.  This seems to be an effect of the keyboard sitting atop 4 nice rubber feet. Depending on how sensitive your soul is, you might think this is a good thing, meh who cares thing, or bad thing—I personally fall into the ‘meh’ camp. Also, this keyboard is a little taller than the current Magic Keyboard, and about the same height as the previous Apple Wireless Keyboard.  Depending on which generation of Apple Keyboard you liked, this may be a good or a bad thing, but I’ve personally grown to like the lower placement of Apple’s new Magic Keyboard. The height is not the ‘meh’ thing, but rather, the Magic Touchpad now doesn’t perfectly line up with the keyboard. That said, it still looks decently at home next to this Matias keyboard.  But if Matias were to update the look of this keyboard to better ape the new Magic Keyboard dimensions, they would get another sale from me, no doubt. You can see the Matias Keyboard behind the Magic Touchpad in the distant left of the photo, and its about the same height as the old Apple Wireless keyboard to its right. Apple’s Magic Trackpad and the Matias Wireless Aluminum Keyboard Next: More Meh, a Tiny Quibble, and My Conclusions Product: Matias Wireless Aluminum Keyboard Company: Matias List Price: $99 Vendor Price: $110.95Rating: We Like It. You Should Get It. Pros: Battery lasts a year between recharging, and it has a very high build quality. It’s the wireless keyboard with numeric keypad that Apple should’ve made. Cons: Keyboard is wireless only and won’t function as a USB keyboard when plugged in. It would also be great if it had an additional three F keys, F-16 through F 19. Doesn’t report battery status to the Bluetooth Menu in macOS Sierra. These are minor quibbles on an otherwise excellent product. Pages: 1 2 Next Page Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit More Email Print Tumblr Tags: Mac, Matias, Wireless Keyboard 3 Comments Add a comment Bob Forsberg November 22, 2016 Apple made a full size wireless keyboard (model A1016) not backlit either, during the white iMac days, as an upgradable option to their white wired standard (model A1048). http://www.brighthub.com/computing/mac-platform/articles/123307.aspx No backlit keys is a deal breaker for me and I’m sure many others. I’d buy 5 if they had the backlit feature, even for $25-$30 more. What’s the big deal about more recharges for a backlit feature? November 22, 2016 at 12:56 EST PM John Kheit November 22, 2016 So Bob, I agree with you on both points. First, if you look in the photo of my junk drawer, you will see at least one of my old A1016 keyboards, which is in fact a bluetooth Apple keyboard with a full numeric keypad. I have 2 problems with that old keyboard, first, it’s clear terrarium plastic collects lots of icky gunk and its white parts turn an icky yellowish color with time. 2nd, I’ve grown to like the more modern shorter throw keyboards from Apple (highly subjective, no doubt)–the Matias key throw is about 2mm btw. Second, I agree, it would be great to have backlighting on the Matias, and considering how long its battery lasts, they probably have enough juice to do it. Maybe they’ll consider adding it in the future. Interestingly, the Sonder keyboard will have backlight. https://sonderdesign.com Then again, I pre-ordered the Sonder keyboard more than a year ago, I think. In the mean time, this Matias keyboard is serving me well. As always, YMMV! November 22, 2016 at 2:51 EST PM Bartholomew J. Woodcocke November 30, 2016 A nice-looking keyboard, thanks for the review. I’m always on the hunt for quality peripherals. If I could humbly submit another contender in the full-size numeric “best Apple keyboard that Apple doesn’t make”, the Logitech K750 for Mac? Particularly as a “value for money” proposition. It can’t really be compared directly to the Matias (in both good and bad ways) but it has an extremely attractive, Mac-like fit and finish. Forget one-year battery life, how about solar-powered? At first I thought it would be gimmicky but after a long time without cables OR batteries, I’m sold. https://www.amazon.com/Logitech-Wireless-Solar-Desktop-Keyboard/dp/B005L38VRU/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1480505047&sr=8-1&keywords=logitech+solar+keyboard+mac Pros: – Price! $38.99 versus $100 – No batteries. Ever. – Beautiful, Mac-like design – Apple keyboard layout – Excellent typing touch (for me, anyway. Admittedly subjective) – Has all 15 Functions keys! 🙂 – Full support through Logitech’s Unifying Receiver and Solar apps Cons: – Some apparent build quality issues. I have had mine for over a year, and got them for two other family members who have also had no issues. But reading the Amazon reviews it appears there are problems with a significant number. You pays your money, you takes your chances. Still, with Amazon’s return policy, should be able to get a good copy even if you’re get unlucky at first. I reiterate: the three units I have experience with have been flawless. – No backlighting. Obviously the power demands of such is too much for solar recharging. – Doesn’t have the BT functionality of the Matias, if that is a desired feature. November 30, 2016 at 6:37 EST AM Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials My 3 Favorite iOS Apps From 2016 Andrew Orr | December 30, 2016 Apple Sued for Not Including Patented Technology in iPhone Bryan Chaffin | December 29, 2016 TMO Weekly Sponsor Have a tech question? Visit our Mac Geek Gab Facebook Group and have the tech support brilliance of the entire Mac Geek Gab community at your fingertips! Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $115.82 -0.91 (-0.78%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » Happy 2017 from The Mac Observer! Want to Edit Your Tweets? Let Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey Know AirPods Production in Overtime to Cut Shipping Delays Samsung Galaxy Note 7 Brick Update Starts Rolling Out Samsung Reportedly Supplying Apple with 5.8-inch Displays for Next iPhone Recent Tips See All » Tip: Fix The Vincedes3 iMessage-Crashing Bug With One Tap AirPods: Useful Siri Commands and Other Tips iOS 10: How to Prioritize Downloads macOS: Merging Calendars How to Transfer Files Between Mac and iPhone With iTunes Recent Editorials See All » My 3 Favorite iOS Apps From 2016 Apple Sued for Not Including Patented Technology in iPhone Resolve to Back Up Your Mac in 2017 macOS Sierra: Best Listener Yet How to Decipher Apple's Conflicting Messaging About Macs 6704 John Kheit featured-review 3 1479805236 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Archive 2015 Archive 2014 Archive 2013 Archive 2012 Archive 2011 Archive View Full Archive Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
null
News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. Follow The Sun Your Sun Sign in Editions Scottish Sun Irish Sun The Sun The Scottish Sun The Irish Sun Dream Team Sun Bets Fabulous Sun Favourite Sun Motors Sun Bingo Sun Gifts News Corp WSJ.com New York Post The Australian News.com.au Storyful Harper Collins Realtor.com Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Commissioning Terms Help Hub The Sun, A News UK Company TOP London Set your weather Now 0°C 9pm 0°C Sign in UK Edition Scottish Sun Irish Sun Search Home Football Sport TV & Showbiz Living News Videos Sun Bingo Sun Bets All News All News UK News World News Politics Tech and science Opinion NOSTALGIA-PHONE iPhone 8 rumours suggest Apple will draw influence from old-school flip phones Tech giant granted patent for a smartphone design which may look VERY familar to long term tech fans by DANIEL BATES 22nd November 2016, 4:02 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments THE next iPhone could fold in half just like old fashioned flip phones, it has been claimed. The Apple rumour mill is swirling with speculation that the tech giant is planning a device which has a flexible display with a hinge at one side. ProhibitOnions, Wikipedia 3 The Motorola StarTAC, which was among the first flip phones 3 This image from an Apple patent filing could hint at the fruity firm’s future plans Another potential model has three hinges – and folds over itself twice. The details were released in patent filings in the US by the tech giant. They suggest that Apple is taking a leaf out of Motorola in the 1990s which pioneered the flip phone. The new iPhone 7 Plus is 6.23 inches long and 3.07 inches wide meaning that some customers have difficulty putting it in their pocket. According to the website Apple Insider, which monitors Apple’s patent filings, the folding iPhone would need a casing made of nitinol, a nickel and titanium alloy. Such a mixture would be durable but elastic and can be easily bend. Other options could be flexible polymers. The patent has two pictures of potential iPhones; one with a single hinge and another with two hinges. 3 Another image from the patent filing showing another view of what might be the iPhone 8 This would allow Apple to put different parts of the phone in different sections such as the processors, sensors and circuitry. Apple Insider suggests that the upper parts may include the camera, speakers and light sensors whilst the bottom part may include the microphone and the processor. Apple has a history of making bold moves on its products and removed the headphone jack from the iPhone 7, the newest model. Consumers have to connect their headphones through the same port as the charger or use the wireless headphones that come with the device. This iPhone discovery could make smart phone users VERY angry indeed Related Stories 'I KNOW WHAT YOU DOWNLOADED' Spying website lets you see what your friends download without them knowing NO CONSOLE-ATION Nintendo Switch powers past XBox One and PS4 to become king of internet 2016 yeah smut, no smut We uncover the sordid rise of 'chav porn', a disturbing craze that has surged in popularity over the past 12 months WHATSAPP WIPEOUT WhatsApp will stop running on MILLIONS of phones next year - but is your mobile affected? In my primate Meet the animal robots hiding secret cameras that are giving scientists and telly watchers amazing new insights into how wild animals really live TRIED AND TESTED New Crossrail trains blasted with ice and roasted in 40C temperatures in final tests before launch PAL PRESCRIPTION Friends more likely to help patients get back on their feet than visit to the GP, new research finds DREAD PLANET Bizarre 'facehugger' alien spotted crawling on the surface of Mars northern frights This chilling sound coming from the Northern Lights has got everyone spooked BRAIN 'BOTS Humans can now control SWARMS of robots using the power of their MIND WHICH TELLY'S BEST? Do I need to buy an OLED smart TV? Or should it have 4K? All your pressingTV tech questions answered A SIGN IN THE SKY? New Year's Eve comet flyby heralds 'a year of chaos' in 2017, doom-mongers claim Apple has filed other patents in the past which could give a clue to future products. In June it filed a patent for a device which could stop iPhones from taking pictures and videos at concerts. The technology would allow Apple to turn off mobiles using an infrared emitter that could be installed at venues. It would mean that the iPhone is ‘temporarily disabled’ whilst everyone enjoys the performance. We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368 The Sun Topics Apple Rumours iPhone 8 Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments Comments Most Read in News scrapital of culture Bedlam in Hull as boozy revellers cause New Year havoc just as city marks becoming UK Capital of Culture News 'SHE KEEPS ASKING IF SHE'LL SEE THE PRINCESSES' Family devastated after they are booted off easyJet flight - while it was on… News 'I NEVER SAW HIM' George Michael's lover claims he slept in his CAR the night star died – and denies sending 'suicide tweets News PRAWN OF THE DEAD Health bosses order recall of seafood sold by Aldi over Christmas due to deadly bacteria fears News NEW YEAR ARRIVAL Here is Britain’s first baby of 2017 who was born just ONE MINUTE past midnight News Exclusive signed, steal... but not delivered Mum left £1,500 out of pocket after tot's passport was 'signed for by a stranger' News Exclusive yeah smut, no smut We uncover the sordid rise of 'chav porn', a disturbing craze that has surged in popularity over the past… News MYSTERY DEATHS Police find parents dead in their car parked on roadside with their three unharmed children inside News Video 'SANTA KILLER PICTURED' Cops hunt ISIS killer after deadly Turkey nightclub attack left 39 dead as CCTV show him opening fire News STRIP CLUB DEATH MYSTERY Body of British woman, 29, is found in Melbourne strip club TWELVE HOURS after she was last seen… News NEW YEAR'S HEAVE Fights, vomit and sleeping in bins... carnage on Britain's streets as boozed-up revellers celebrate the new… News Video NIGHTCLUB MASSACRE Prime suspect in attack that saw 39 New Year's Eve revellers gunned down in Istanbul recorded sick video… News ICLOUD CELEB GLITCH Woman is shocked to find her brand new iPhone is full of numbers for A-list celebs News 'I STILL HAVE STOMACH CRAMPS' Couple fear they have tapeworms after 'finding eggs in Lidl beef steaks they had eaten' News WTF MANNEQUIN CHALLENGE Man caught naked and moaning as he makes love to a shop doll in the middle of flea market News Most Popular ALL CHANGE? From better wages to more expensive motoring... the new laws coming your way this year Living er, too soon! Samantha Womack sends EastEnders fans into a frenzy by going swimming... hours after Ronnie drowned TV & Showbiz All grown up! Remember Lauren Branning from EastEnders? Here's what she looks like now Living dear deidre I'm having incredible sex with my stepmum and she says she's going to leave my dad to be with me Living Spoiler DINGLE DEATH? Emmerdale's Lisa Dingle faces her feelings for Zak as she fears he'd been killed in caravan explosion TV & Showbiz Video grim ender The heartbreaking moment EastEnders' Ronnie and Roxy Mitchell die after wedding TV & Showbiz NYE TRICK Here's how a mum tricked her kids into thinking it was midnight at 10:30 last night, so she could go to bed early Living SUNSHINE SMILE Holly Willoughby glows in kaftan as she enjoys a stroll with hubby Dan down golden beach in Barbados TV & Showbiz What a cheek Jemma Lucy flashes her bum as she forgets her trousers on New Year's Day outing to McDonald's TV & Showbiz SAM DIFFERENCE X Factor's Sam Bailey, 39, is unrecognisable in flawless Instagram snap that makes her look years younger TV & Showbiz Video BACK TO THE FUTURE EastEnders recreated Ronnie and Roxy's first scene before they drowned in soap shocker TV & Showbiz ‘MY HIGHLIGHT OF 2017’ EastEnders viewers amused at Max Branning’s drug blunder with Dot Cotton TV & Showbiz CHEEKY CHIPPIE REQUEST Cheeky customer puts in order with local chip shop to bring her cold and flu pills... and they oblige Living 'he died, soz' Jason Manford posts his own death hoax on Twitter in bizarre New Year's Eve prank TV & Showbiz LAST NIGHT OF FREEDOM Celebrity Big Brother stars spotted arriving at hotel near Channel 5 studio TV & Showbiz Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. You can change this and find out more by following this link Close Follow The Sun Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Commissioning Terms Help Hub ©News Group Newspapers Limited in England No. 679215 Registered office: 1 London Bridge Street, London, SE1 9GF. "The Sun", "Sun", "Sun Online" are registered trademarks or trade names of News Group Newspapers Limited. This service is provided on News Group Newspapers' Limited's Standard Terms and Conditions in accordance with our Privacy & Cookie Policy. To inquire about a licence to reproduce material, visit our Syndication site. View our online Press Pack. For other inquiries, Contact Us. To see all content on The Sun, please use the Site Map. The Sun website is regulated by the Independent Press Standards Organisation (IPSO) Our journalists strive for accuracy but on occasion we make mistakes. For further details of our complaints policy and to make a complaint please click here.
Toggle Subscribe Search Fashion Entertainment Beauty My Life Wellness 21 Under 21 Toggle Close Submit Fashion Entertainment Beauty My Life Wellness Insider Log In Register Subscribe Sign Up for newsletter Subscribe Sign up for our newsletter Email Enter your birthday to completeMonth of birthMonthJanFebMarAprMayJunJulAugSepOctNovDecDay of birthDay01020304050607080910111213141516171819202122232425262728293031Year of birth Tech Apple Announces Black Friday Shopping Event “Our one-day shopping event will be here before you know it.” Amanda ChanNov 22, 2016 10:38AM EST Facebook Twitter Pinterest Facebook Twitter Pinterest If you've been holding out for a new Apple device, you're going to be so excited by this (relatively cryptic) announcement the company just posted to its website: “Friday can’t come soon enough. Our one-day shopping event will be here before you know it. Come back this Friday to check everyone off your list.” Now, we're not super sure what this shopping event actually entails, but it certainly means that Apple is jumping on the Black Friday deals bandwagon in some way, shape, or form. We're hoping it means discounts on iPhones, iPads, or even MacBooks — though we won't know for sure until Friday, because Apple has provided no other details of the sale. (Thanks a lot, Apple!) As TIME points out, Black Friday specials are pretty rare for Apple. They didn't have one last year, and in the years before that, they would just bundle gift cards for iTunes when you purchased certain items. CNET notes, Apple stores will be open for extended hours on Friday, and is also offering free two-day shipping for online in-stock orders. facebook dialog Pinterest Related: Zara Just Came Out With a Bag for Every Astrological Sign Best Black Friday Tech Deals Kylie Jenner Did Kendall’s Makeup, With Some Unexpected Results follow us Facebook Twitter Pinterest Recommended for You Follow:FacebookTwitterInstagramPinterestWe Heart ItTumblrYouTubeGoogle Plustoggle social menu Condé Nast Condé Nast Websites Allure Ars Technica Backchannel Bon Appétit Brides Condé Nast Traveler Epicurious Glamour Golf Digest Golf World GQ GQ Style Pitchfork Self Style Teen Vogue The New Yorker The Scene Vanity Fair Vogue W Wired Site MapContact usNewsletter SignupSubscriptionsIn this issue CareersCondé Nast StoreReprints/PermissionsParsons x TeenVogue Accessibility Help Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy (Revised 1/2/2014).  Teen Vogue may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers.  Your California Privacy Rights. Teen Vogue © 2017 Condé Nast Digital. All rights reserved. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast Digital. Ad Choices. Related My LifeYour Emoji Keyboard Is About to Get Gayer My LifeFrom the New iPhone to a Robot — Here Are All the N… My LifeApple Has Officially Announced their Black Friday D…
Tech CES 2017 Apple Science Cars Celebrity Movies Business Super Bowl Ads     Apple Store Black Friday 2016 Sale Announced Posted: Nov 22 2016, 5:54am CST | by Luigi Lugmayr, Updated: Nov 25 2016, 8:46am CST, in News | Apple     After sitting out Black Friday last year, Apple teases an Apple Store Black Friday event for Friday. Apple appeared all but done with Black Friday. Last year, Apple killed its Black Friday sale event. Now a banner appeared on Apple site announcing a shopping event taking place on Black Friday. Don't Miss: Top 100 Victoria's Secret Fashion Show 2016 Photos Update: The Apple Store Black Friday Sale is live. This news comes on the heels of the release of Best Buy's Black Friday deals on Apple products this morning. The message on the landing page for the Apple Store Black Friday 2016 sale says: "Friday can’t come soon enough. Our one-day shopping event will be here before you know it. Come back this Friday to check everyone off your list." Apple has not yet revealed the Apple Store Black Friday deals. It is unclear what changed the mind of Apple's retail department to come back to Black Friday. Apple’s Angela Ahrendts, SVP of Retail, spoke out against Black Friday last year. She argued that Apple wants to be good to its employees. Apple sent out Tuesday morning an email to their newsletter subscribers announcing the Apple Black Friday 2016 sale. See the invite below. At this point it is not clear if the Apple's Black Friday event will be available in Apple Stores as well or just online. The deals offered by Apple in the past had modest discounts. We do not expect Apple to beat any Black Friday deal offered by its retail partners Best Buy, Target and others. Find the best Apple Black Friday 2016 deals advertised for Black Friday. The Apple Store Black Friday deals will be announced on this page on apple.com. One theory that comes to mind why Apple is coming back to Black Friday is lacking sales. Based on our research, the demand for Apple's product is not at an all time high this Holiday season, except the iPhone 7. Apple computers are at the bottom of the list as Apple only updated the Apple MacBook Pro recently. The reception of the new MacBook Pro was also the worst we have ever seen for a new Apple product.  Apple needs every sale this year to be able to report a stellar Holiday quarter. A Black Friday sale can help with that. Black Friday 2016 deals are on sale now. The Black Friday Deals Tracker helps deal hunters to quickly find the Black Friday 2016 deals on sale right now online. New this year is the Amazon Black Friday 2016 Deals Tracker. The Amazon Black Friday 2016 sale is the biggest sale to find Black Friday deals. The Top 100 Black Friday 2016 Deals show all deals that everybody is talking about this year. The list features the Black Friday deals that Black Friday deal hunters can be proud of to have scored when Black Friday is over.  Read the latest Black Friday 2016 news. Comments You May Like The Author Luigi Lugmayr Luigi Lugmayr (Google+) is the founding chief Editor of I4U News and brings over 15 years experience in the technology field to the ever evolving and exciting world of gadgets. He started I4U News back in 2000 and evolved it into vibrant technology magazine. Luigi can be contacted directly at ml@i4u.com.     Advertisement Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Share this Story Follow Us Read the Latest from I4U News What to Expect from Apple in 2017? 9 hours ago, 12:06pm CST iOS 10.3 Beta Release date is set for 10th January-Will Feature a theatre Mode too 2 days ago, 12:09pm CST Apple is Keen On Bringing Digital Crown to the iPhone and iPad 2 days ago, 11:54am CST The iPhone 7 Is Not Selling Well 2 days ago, 11:43am CST US Family Blames FaceTime for Fatal Car Crash and Sues Apple 2 days ago, 9:26am CST Donald Trump Will Keep His Twitter Account 6 hours ago, 3:01pm CST Why Are YouTubers Losing So Many Viewers? 7 hours ago, 1:46pm CST Titanic Sank Due to Massive Fire, Not Iceberg, Documentary Claims 7 hours ago, 1:30pm CST Pokemon Go New Year Event Details 7 hours ago, 1:24pm CST Dell XPS 13 Convertible Leaked Before CES 2017 8 hours ago, 12:54pm CST LG Nano Cell Ultra HD TV Unveiled at CES 2017 8 hours ago, 12:50pm CST CES 2017: Samsung Unveils Four-in-One Laundry System 8 hours ago, 12:44pm CST HTC Vive 2 Not Launching at CES 2017 8 hours ago, 12:36pm CST Bitcoins Hit 3-Year High 10 hours ago, 10:27am CST Hatchimal Nightmare: Swearing at Children 11 hours ago, 9:54am CST Featured News Nintendo Switch is Available for Pre-order NASA is Building an Ice House on Mars   Super Bowl 2017 Ads and Advertisers CES 2017: Roll out the Red Carpet for Stars Apple What to Expect from Apple in 2017? 9 hours ago, 12:06pm CST iOS 10.3 Beta Release date is set for 10th January-Will Feature a theatre Mode too 2 days ago, 12:09pm CST Apple is Keen On Bringing Digital Crown to the iPhone and iPad 2 days ago, 11:54am CST The iPhone 7 Is Not Selling Well 2 days ago, 11:43am CST More Apple Stories Latest News Donald Trump Will Keep His Twitter Account 6 hours ago, 3:01pm CST Why Are YouTubers Losing So Many Viewers? 7 hours ago, 1:46pm CST Titanic Sank Due to Massive Fire, Not Iceberg, Documentary Claims 7 hours ago, 1:30pm CST Pokemon Go New Year Event Details 7 hours ago, 1:24pm CST More Latest News Your Deals on Amazon The Latest ... Cyber Monday 2016 Holiday Gifts 2016 CES 2017 Super Bowl 2017 Ads Technology News Apple News Science News Celebrity News Movie News Advertising News Car News Business News Political News Sport News TV Show News Also on the Geek Mind Black Friday 2017 Hot Tech Deals About I4U News I4U News is daily News site for the Geek Mind. Expect the latest technology news including the juiciest rumors. Stay up to date with the biggest discoveries in science. Other featured news topics include cars, celebrities, movies and more. Read more. CES 2017 The CES 2017 Consumer electronics show takes place again in Las Vegas. Find out what will new products will be dominating 2017. Virtual Reality, 8K TVs, electric cars will be making CES 2017 headlines in our CES 2017 Coverage. About Us | Privacy Policy | Submit News Tips © Copyright by I4U LLC 2017
getsurreyLoad mobile navigation News Latest News Surrey News Property News Business Health Nostalgia Crime Politics Education Motors UK & World NewsExpand What's on Latest What's on Arts & Culture Comedy Family & Kids Film & TV Food & Drink Music & NightlifeExpand Sport Football Crime Health Nostalgia In Your Area Guildford Woking Camberley Staines See all locationsExpand Sign in My Account Sign Out facebook twitter instagram Jobs Motors Property Directory Family Notices BuySell Dating Book an Ad Buy a Photo Contact Us About Us Advertise with Us Competition Rules Goal Time Terms & Conditions How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Policy Cookie Policy RSS Feeds © 2016 Trinity Mirror Southern Home News Surrey News McLaren News Apple DID visit McLaren for talks but no 'definitive proposition' made It was rumoured in September Apple was considering buying Woking-based McLaren or making a 'strategic investment' in the supercar firm  Share  Comments ByAGENCY STAFFJames Chapple 15:15, 22 NOV 2016 Updated15:10, 22 NOV 2016 News Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to playTap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Watch this video again Video will play in See McLaren 675LT Spider put through its paces Share this video Watch Next  Share  Comments Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing!Could not subscribe, try again laterInvalid Email McLaren did hold talks with Apple earlier this year but no "definitive proposition" was made, bosses at the Woking-based supercar firm have revealed. In September, the Financial Times reported tech giant Apple, believed to be or have been working on an "Apple Car", was considering investing in McLaren Automotive. The FT quoted sources close to the negotiations claiming the deal could be worth as much as £1.5bn. Read More Latest McLaren headlines Ron Dennis forced out 'McLaren New Town' McLaren denies Apple talks Apple to buy McLaren? McLaren though poured cold water on the rumours, staunchly denying any claims it was in talks with Apple over a potential takeover. A spokesman said: "We can confirm McLaren is not in discussion with Apple in respect of any potential investment." McLaren Technology Centre and McLaren Production Centre, Woking (Photo: Handout) Last week however, in an interview with Reuters, McLaren Automotive chief executive Mike Flewitt said while there was no bid by Apple, they did visit for talks. "There wasn't a bid from Apple," he said. "They visited. We talked. We talked about what they did. We talked about what we did. They toured. It never matured to a definitive proposition." Read More McLaren denies Apple talks after reports US phone giant plans takeover bid Apple's ambitions to move into the automotive sector have been well documented in recent years, and it is thought any such tie-up with McLaren would revolve around the Woking firm's technology and engineering skills, and patent portfolio. This ranges from automotive engineering to computer systems and use of cutting-edge materials like carbon fibre and aluminium. Apple is, however, believed to have scaled back work on a fully-fledged car and has instead focused its attentions on the developing the underlying technology behind autonomous vehicles. Dennis's McLaren future? Founded by Bruce McLaren in 1963, McLaren is best known for its Formula 1 prowess. In 2010, the firm's luxury car making operation was separated from the racing business operating under the McLaren Automotive brand. Negotiations were this week ongoing within McLaren to find a replacement for Ron Dennis, who was recently ousted as head of the McLaren Technology Group, which is responsible for the racing team, after some 36 years with McLaren. He maintains ownership of 25% of McLaren. Dennis (right) shares a moment with McLaren driver Fernando Alonso (Photo: Clive Mason/Getty Images) On Monday, McLaren named American former Formula Three racer and marketing boss Zak Brown as the team's new executive director. This comes after Dennis's High Court bid to stop McLaren placing him on gardening leave until his contract expires in January was rejected. Brown will work alongside the team's chief operating officer Jonathan Neale but the search continues for a new chief executive to replace Dennis. Read More F1 around the world: Discover a year in the life of McLaren "I'm immensely proud to be joining McLaren Technology Group," Brown said in a statement. "Having worked closely with McLaren for many years, I've been struck by the talent and ambition of the entire workforce, and I very much look forward to complementing the business's many existing strengths, and building on them to drive future success in everything we do." Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Daily Newsletter Follow @getsurrey Subscribe to our Daily newsletterEnter emailSubscribe Comments Show more comments More On Apple McLaren Woking Formula 1 news all Most Read Most Recent Ottershaw and LongcrossLongcross garden village with 'homes, jobs and new facilities' backed by government A total of 14 garden villages have been given the go-ahead across the country, with the potential to deliver 48,000 homes Surrey NewsWhat's the bright light beneath the moon? It's Venus shining and here are some of your photos There's also a chance of seeing Mars, Jupiter and Saturn in the sky during January WindleshamAppeal to trace Mercedes of missing 85-year-old man Greg Clarke, 85, has not been seen since he left home saying he was going to the shops at 11am on Monday Surrey Fire and Rescue ServiceSee devastation of Horley bungalow fire tackled overnight on New Year's Eve Fire crews encountered "difficult access and poor water supplies" Local NewsBrentford fire: Thick black smoke seen coming from massive blaze at recycling plant Massive plumes of smoke could be seen in the distance from Heathrow, Hounslow and Twickenham Surrey NewsWhat's the bright light beneath the moon? It's Venus shining and here are some of your photos There's also a chance of seeing Mars, Jupiter and Saturn in the sky during January WindleshamAppeal to trace Mercedes of missing 85-year-old man Greg Clarke, 85, has not been seen since he left home saying he was going to the shops at 11am on Monday Surrey Fire and Rescue ServiceSee devastation of Horley bungalow fire tackled overnight on New Year's Eve Fire crews encountered "difficult access and poor water supplies" EmploymentApprenticeships to apply for in 2017 with BAE Systems There are roles available in Ash Vale and Frimley, plus other locations around the south east and southern England Chessington World of AdventuresGruffalo River Ride Adventure coming to Chessington World of Adventures Oh help! Oh no! IT'S A GRUFFALO! Most Read Most Recent Ottershaw and LongcrossLongcross garden village with 'homes, jobs and new facilities' backed by government A total of 14 garden villages have been given the go-ahead across the country, with the potential to deliver 48,000 homes Surrey NewsWhat's the bright light beneath the moon? It's Venus shining and here are some of your photos There's also a chance of seeing Mars, Jupiter and Saturn in the sky during January WindleshamAppeal to trace Mercedes of missing 85-year-old man Greg Clarke, 85, has not been seen since he left home saying he was going to the shops at 11am on Monday Surrey Fire and Rescue ServiceSee devastation of Horley bungalow fire tackled overnight on New Year's Eve Fire crews encountered "difficult access and poor water supplies" Local NewsBrentford fire: Thick black smoke seen coming from massive blaze at recycling plant Massive plumes of smoke could be seen in the distance from Heathrow, Hounslow and Twickenham Surrey NewsWhat's the bright light beneath the moon? It's Venus shining and here are some of your photos There's also a chance of seeing Mars, Jupiter and Saturn in the sky during January WindleshamAppeal to trace Mercedes of missing 85-year-old man Greg Clarke, 85, has not been seen since he left home saying he was going to the shops at 11am on Monday Surrey Fire and Rescue ServiceSee devastation of Horley bungalow fire tackled overnight on New Year's Eve Fire crews encountered "difficult access and poor water supplies" CamberleyThe Undateables to feature Camberley's Gravity Force trampoline park See 23-year-old postman Tom from Camberley, who has Asperger's Syndrome, as he heads to a trampoline park on The Undateables EmploymentApprenticeships to apply for in 2017 with BAE Systems There are roles available in Ash Vale and Frimley, plus other locations around the south east and southern England Top Stories Surrey Fire and Rescue ServiceSee devastation of bungalow fire tackled overnight on New Year's Eve Fire crews encountered "difficult access and poor water supplies" WindleshamAppeal to trace Mercedes of missing 85-year-old Greg Clarke, from Windlesham Greg Clarke, 85, has not been seen since he left home saying he was going to the shops at 11am on Monday Surrey NewsThat bright light beneath the moon? It's Venus and here are some of your photos There's also a chance of seeing Mars, Jupiter and Saturn in the sky during January Ottershaw and LongcrossLongcross garden village with 'homes, jobs and new facilities' backed by government A total of 14 garden villages have been given the go-ahead across the country, with the potential to deliver 48,000 homes Local NewsSmoke from Brentford fire seen in distance from Ashford, Heathrow and Molesey Massive plumes of smoke could be seen in the distance from Heathrow, Hounslow and Twickenham Chessington World of AdventuresGruffalo River Ride Adventure replacing Professor Burp's Bubbleworks at Chessington World of Adventures Oh help! Oh no! IT'S A GRUFFALO! EmploymentApprenticeships to apply for in 2017 with BAE Systems in Ash Vale and Frimley There are roles available in Ash Vale and Frimley, plus other locations around the south east and southern England WeatherWeather forecast: Warning for ice means 'untreated roads could be very slippery' Motorists have been warned about adverse road conditions as the temperature drops Englefield GreenMalnourished dogs recovering after being found wandering and covered in sores Parsnip and Sprout are being cared for at Battersea Dogs & Cats home in Old Windsor StanwellStanwell police presence after teenage girl 'found unconscious with minor injuries' Surrey Police were called to the incident in the early hours of New Year's Day RedhillRedhill couple who 'almost gave up hope' of starting their family got rewarded with this beautiful Christmas baby Sophie Lapham and husband Sean had been trying for a baby for six years - that was before they welcomed baby Rebecca into the world on Christmas Day RideLondon-SurreyTop videos from 2016: See our best footage from across Surrey and north-east Hampshire during past 12 months It's been another busy year for news - and here are the clips that defined the news agenda in 2016 News What's On Sport Football Follow us facebook twitter instagram Contact Us About Us Advertise with Us Competition Rules Goal Time Terms & Conditions How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Policy Cookie Policy RSS Feeds © 2016 Trinity Mirror Southern This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here.Close cookie policy overlay
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming CES 2017 Blu-ray Players DVRs and Media players Gadgets Headphones Portable Audio Projectors More Surround Sound Systems TVs Trending: Christmas Gift Guide Apple Watch 2 iPhone 7 Galaxy S7 vs iPhone 6S Google Pixel Galaxy S7 Home / News / Gadget News / eBay Black Friday Deals: All the best early eBay Black Friday deals eBay Black Friday Deals: All the best early eBay Black Friday deals by Sean Keach 28 November 2016 0 shares Read Comments eBay Black Friday Deals: Best eBay Black Friday 2016 UK deals, sales, discounts, offers and what to expect. Black Friday may be behind us, but the deals haven't stopped quite just yet. We're not onto Cyber Monday, which is another excuse for retailers to massively discount products, and a final chance for you to bag some pre-Christmas bargains during the Black Friday festivities. We've scoured the web for the biggest carry-over deals, plus new discounts that went live today. We've rounded up some of the best deals eBay has to offer, but you'll also be able to find more discounts over at our Best Cyber Monday Deals page. Make sure to bookmark that page and this one to keep track of all the latest deals, which will be added throughout the day. Check out the biggest deals below: All prices were correct at the time of publication. Today’s best eBay Cyber Monday deals: Russell Hobbs Coffee Maker: WAS £85 | NOW £50 | SAVE £35 – BUY NOW Dyson V6 Vacuum: WAS £180 | NOW £130 | SAVE £50 – BUY NOW iPad Pro (9.7”) 32GB: WAS £549 | NOW £499 | SAVE £50 – BUY NOW TomTom Sat Nav: WAS £140 | NOW £99 | SAVE £41 – BUY NOW Get PS4 Slim + CoD Infinity Warfare: JUST £189 – BUY NOW Check out the latest eBay deals: Xbox One S (1TB) + Gears of War 4 bundle now JUST £220 – BUY NOW Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge: WAS £639 | NOW £439 | SAVE £110 – BUY NOW Samsung Galaxy S7: WAS £499 | NOW £454 | SAVE £45 – BUY NOW Get PS4 Slim + GTA V + Dishonored 2, now £229 – BUY NOW Get PS4 Slim + Lego Star Wars + The Force Awakens, now £189 – BUY NOW Save £50 on De’Longhi Coffee Machine, now £175 – BUY NOW Save £12 on Google Chromecast streamer now £18 – BUY NOW Save £100 on Asus GeForce GTX 1070 GPU now £339 – BUY NOW GoPro Hero 4 Silver Edition (refurb) for just £183.99 – BUY NOW GoPro Hero 4 Black Edition (refurb) for just £234.99 – BUY NOW Get PS4 Slim 1TB w/ three games for £239 – BUY NOW Get Apple iPhone 6 (Refurbished) from £245 – BUY NOW Save £120 on Sony DAB Radio now £80 – BUY NOW Related: Black Friday deals | Amazon Black Friday deals All prices were correct at the time of publication – check back regularly for all the latest and greatest discounts. eBay Black Friday deals – Get PS4 Slim with Lego Star Wars and The Force Awakens! This is probably the best PS4 deal we’ve seen so far, since it’s a bundle that costs significantly less than the usual PS4 Slim (500GB) R.R.P of £249. You’re getting the console plus a game and a movie, all for a bargain price of £219. Buy Now: PS4 Slim + Lego Star Wars + The Force Awakens – £219 We gave the Sony PS4 Slim a 4/5 score in our review at its original £259 price tag, praising its quietness, energy efficiency, and attractive design. Here was our verdict: “The new design won’t be for everyone, but it’s definitely a step in the right direction and grew on me during my time with it. It’s smaller, whisper-quiet and sips electricity, making it the best PS4 currently on the market.” The Sony PS4 Slim features High Dynamic Range (HDR) gaming, a redesigned controller, a 40% slimmer chassis, and 500GB of storage. Buy Now: PS4 Slim + Lego Star Wars + The Force Awakens – £219 eBay Black Friday deals – Get PS4 Slim (1TB) with three games for just £239! For those on the hunt for a new console, here’s one of the best PS4 deals we’ve found so far. If you head to eBay, you can pick up a 1TB PlayStation 4 Slim with three games for just £239. The games are Uncharted 4, Driveclub, and Ratchet & Clank. Buy Now: PS4 Slim (1TB) with three games for £239 The Sony PS4 features HDR gaming, a redesigned controller, a 40% slimmer chassis than the original PS4, and 1TB of built-in storage. We gave the Sony PS4 Slim a 4/5 score in our review, praising its quietness, energy efficiency, and attractive design. Here’s our verdict: “The new design won’t be for everyone, but it’s definitely a step in the right direction and grew on me during my time with it. It’s smaller, whisper-quiet and sips electricity, making it the best PS4 currently on the market.” We also gave Uncharted 4 a 4.5/5, while Ratchet and Clank scored 4/5. Buy Now: PS4 Slim (1TB) with three games for £239 eBay Black Friday deals – Get a refurbished Apple iPhone 6 from just £259! If you don’t care about having a brand new phone, picking up a refurbished Apple iPhone 6 from eBay for just £259 could be the answer. Buy Now: Apple iPhone 6 (Refurb) at eBay for £259 The iPhone 6 features a 4.7-inch screen, an Apple A8 processor, up to 128GB of storage, NFC for Apple Pay, and Apple’s Touch ID fingerprint scanner. When it launched, it cost £539 brand new from Apple. We gave the iPhone 6 a 4.5/5 score in our review, praising its great screen, good all-round camera, class-leading performance, and great new software features. Here was our verdict at the time: “The iPhone 6 is Apple’s best phone yet – but we expected nothing less. It might not be a design classic like the iPhone 4 or iPad Mini, but it nevertheless looks and feels great. Like the 5S before it, the iPhone 6 manages to do everything with aplomb – it has no serious weaknesses." Buy Now: Apple iPhone 6 (Refurb) at eBay for £259 Find even more Black Friday deals here! Tesco Zavvi John Lewis Argos Amazon UK Amazon US Ebay Ebay.com Related: John Lewis Black Friday deals Watch: Black Friday Guide Spotted any great Black Friday deals? Let us know in the comments. Latest Deals From Ebay Brand NEW Sealed Apple iPhone 7 Plus + 128GB Black Unlocked GSM/CDMA $949.95 View Item Affinity Series Soft Shockproof TPU Bumper Case For iPhone 7 Plus / iPhone 7 $9.45 View Item NEW Apple iPhone 7 256GB Rose, Gold, Silver or Black Unlocked GSM/CDMA $1,029.95 View Item 0 shares Read Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2017, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
← → 0 Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums View Full Site Ars Technica Ars Technica UK Dark on light Light on dark Log in Register Forgot your password? Resend activation e-mail Risk Assessment / Security & Hacktivism Tor phone is antidote to Google “hostility” over Android, says developer An Android phone hardened for privacy and security that plays Google at its own game. by J.M. Porup (UK) - Nov 22, 2016 3:36 pm UTC Login to bookmark 46 Mission Impossible The Tor Project recently announced the release of its prototype for a Tor-enabled smartphone—an Android phone beefed up with privacy and security in mind, and intended as equal parts opsec kung fu and a gauntlet to Google. The new phone, designed by Tor developer Mike Perry, is based on Copperhead OS, the hardened Android distribution profiled first by Ars earlier this year. "The prototype is meant to show a possible direction for Tor on mobile," Perry wrote in a blog post. "We are trying to demonstrate that it is possible to build a phone that respects user choice and freedom, vastly reduces vulnerability surface, and sets a direction for the ecosystem with respect to how to meet the needs of high-security users." To protect user privacy, the prototype runs OrWall, the Android firewall that routes traffic over Tor, and blocks all other traffic. Users can punch a hole through the firewall for voice traffic, for instance, to enable Signal. The prototype only works on Google Nexus and Pixel hardware, as these are the only Android device lines, Perry wrote, that "support Verified Boot with user-controlled keys." While strong Linux geekcraft is required to install and maintain the prototype, Perry stressed that the phone is also aimed at provoking discussion about what he described as "Google's increasing hostility towards Android as a fully Open Source platform." It’s about the software backdoors, stupid! Apple's iOS is famously more secure than the Android security garbage fire, right? But Android security will eventually improve, and when that happens, Perry told Ars in an e-mail, "then the next measure will be the ability of the platform to resist backdoors of various kinds." A closed source platform, such as Apple's mobile operating system, is at much greater risk of being compelled to deploy software backdoors, he added. Enlarge Tim Ellis "I think the best argument against backdoors is that they are technically impossible to deploy at all, due to the security properties of the system and people's ability to remove or avoid the backdoor. That argument is stronger for open source than it is for closed source." Perry also worried aloud about targeted backdoors delivered to specific users. "The iOS App Store is at a significant disadvantage there even compared to Google Play," he told us. "Each iOS app is re-encrypted specifically for the user with Apple's DRM, making it technically impossible to verify that the package you installed matches the official one." He said that Apple has "created the perfect platform for delivering targeted backdoors to specific users. I don't like banking on iOS for those reasons." Google hostile to freedom In order to solve the Android security mess, Google is taking steps that hurt user freedom, and make Android vulnerable to compelled backdoors, Perry argued. The fragmentation of the Android ecosystem into multiple OEMs, who distribute their own versions of the operating system, has resulted in rampant insecurity. Without financial incentives to push security updates to users' phones, OEMs by and large abandon users to their fate. Under pressure from many quarters to solve this problem, Google is working to improve Android security, but Perry criticised Google's release and development process as increasingly opaque. Android platform is effectively moving to a 'Look but don't touch' Shared Source model that Microsoft tried in the early 2000s," Perry wrote in his blog post. "However, instead of being explicit about this, Google appears to be doing it surreptitiously. "It is a very deeply disturbing trend." Copperhead to the rescue Copperhead OS was the obvious choice for the prototype's base system, Perry told Ars. "Copperhead is also the only Android ROM that supports verified boot, which prevents exploits from modifying the boot, system, recovery, and vendor device partitions," said Perry in his blog post. "Copperhead has also extended this protection by preventing system applications from being overridden by Google Play Store apps, or from writing bytecode to writable partitions (where it could be modified and infected)." He added: "This makes Copperhead an excellent choice for our base system." Daniel Micay, Copperhead's lead developer, welcomed Perry's prototype. "It will be nice to have somewhere to direct technical users that cannot live without Google Play," he told Ars in an e-mail. By default, Copperhead eschews Google Play, and Micay himself refuses to use any Google Apps. Enlarge / A general outline of Copperhead's main features. "Mike Perry is interested in doing things properly which is why [the prototype] goes through the effort of not breaking verified boot or depending on leaving an insecure recovery image," Micay said. "The rough edges can be smoothed out over time." Mission Improbable, but useable today The prototype, nicknamed "Mission Improbable," is now ready to download and install. Perry said he uses the prototype himself for his personal communications: "E-mail, Signal, XMPP+OTR, Mumble, offline maps and directions in OSMAnd, taking pictures, and reading news and books." He suggests leaving the prototype in airplane mode and connecting to the Internet through a second, less-trusted phone, or a cheap Wi-Fi cell router. The prototype is the second of its kind. Back in April, 2014, Perry proposed his first Android device optimised for privacy and security—then nicknamed Mission Impossible. The earlier prototype consisted of a 2013 Google Nexus tablet running Cyanogenmod. Perry emphasised that the Tor Project has no plans to get into the hardware business, but hopes the prototype will provoke discussion and innovation. He pointed to the Neo900, which bills itself as "The truly open smartphone that cares about your privacy"—a project, he said, that came about in part due to the "Mission Impossible" blog post two years ago. "What I’ve found is that posts like this one energise the Android hobbyist/free software ecosystem, and make us aware of each other and common purpose," Perry told Ars. "It also shows Google and others what gaps there are in Android for Tor support, and raises awareness about the dangers the ecosystem faces." Ars readers looking for a weekend project will find the complete Mission Improbable installation instructions on GitHub. J.M. Porup is a freelance cybersecurity reporter who lives in Toronto. When he dies his epitaph will simply read "assume breach." You can find him on Twitter at @toholdaquill. This post originated on Ars Technica UK Expand full story Reader comments 46 You must login or create an account to comment. Share - Tweet Email Google - Reddit -  ← Older Story Newer Story →  You May Also Like WIRED Media: Ars Technica and WIRED © 2017 Condé Nast. All rights reserved Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012) Your California Privacy Rights The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
null
iDownloadBlog Home Jailbreak How to Jailbreak Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Cydia Unlock How to Unlock Unlock News iPhone iPhone News iPhone 6s iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6 iPhone Photography iPad iPad News iPad Air iPad mini Watch Apple Watch Guide Mac Mac Mac Apps Mac Tips TV Apple TV guide Apps iOS Apps Mac Apps Widgets Best Apps App Finder Tips Tips How to Tutorial iPhone Photography Download Deals Happy New Year firework wallpapers The top stories of the week on iDB Daily Deals: $40 off mechanical keyboard, $90 off iPhone SE, and more How to use AirPods like a pro   skip to main content skip to main menu     Samsung should release an all-new glossy black version of Galaxy S7 in time for Christmas By Christian Zibreg, Nov 22, 2016 Tweet 17 Comments Samsung is said to copy Apple, again, by adding a new “glossy” color option to the Galaxy S7 lineup next month that sounds a lot like the iPhone 7’s Jet Black finish. According to The Korea Herald newspaper yesterday, Samsung is readying to release its own Jet Black Galaxy S7 in December to make up for lost sales stemming from Note 7’s discontinuation. The Korean firm reportedly saw success in recently bringing the Note 7’s Coral Blue colorway to the Galaxy S7 lineup, joining the S7’s existing glossy Onyx Black color option. Although Samsung’s Onyx Black is a lot glossier than Apple’s matte black iPhone 7 color option, it’s not as shiny as the iPhone 7 in Jet Black even though the S7 has glass on both front and back. According to the article, the Coral Blue Galaxy S7 has been selling almost 15,000 units every day since it’s November 11 introduction on Samsung’s home turf while the iPhone 7 “has seen its daily unit sales fall to about 10,000 units in recent weeks.” Given the Note 7 fiasco, Samsung is hoping that replicating Apple’s high-gloss appearance of Jet Black iPhones will help revert the sales trend ahead of the all-important holiday shopping season. On a related note, Samsung said today there has been no confirmed cases of faulty batteries with the Galaxy S7 following media reports that some of the devices caught fire while charging. Samsung stands behind the quality and safety of the Galaxy S7 family. There have been no confirmed cases of internal battery failures with these devices among the more than 10 million devices being used by consumers in the United States. However, we have confirmed a number of instances caused by severe external damage. Until Samsung is able to obtain and examine any device, it is impossible to determine the true cause of any incident. The U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission has received a total of five cases of battery fires or failures involving the Galaxy S7, S7 Edge or S7 Active so far this year. Meanwhile, the state-run Korea Testing Laboratory (KTL) has launched a reinvestigation into the Note 7 misadventure and plans to announce the final result after closely looking into the exploded devices, including the replacement devices. The reinvestigation came after local news report revealed that the laboratory had neglected the exploded devices instead of collecting them. KTL will now take a closer look at the affected devices which were conveniently left at Samsung. Photo: Galaxy S7 in Onyx Black Source: The Korea Herald Share: Tweet Follow: Follow @iDownloadBlog We Recommend Bloomberg: Note 7 fires result of Samsung’s rush to beat “dull” iPhone 7 to market 2017 iPhone 7 production cut by 10 percent iPhone 7 mockups in Jet White shown on video Bloomberg: Galaxy S8 to beat iPhone 8 to virtual Home button & bezel-free appearance Related Topics Galaxy, Galaxy S7, iPhone, iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus, Jet Black, News, Rumors, Samsung ravinigga Samsung s7 now in galaxy black or galaxy aqua/jet black Diego Milano Uh oh. 😛 askep3 Copying features was bad enough, this is a new level of pathetic. Linked Devices Pretty sad when you think Apple is paying this much to have people pretend that they invented black now. The 3DS came out with a special edition all black unit last year. Maybe they all copied Nintendo. In all actuality the note 7 had the same all black color option and was released a while before the iPhone 7 was. askep3 Only said what I said because Samsung has a great reputation of imitating features from Apple, not saying that they don’t make their own, or that Apple doesn’t copy. All I’m saying is that right after apple came out with a jet black phone samsung is doing the same rockdude094 You cannot call it ‘copying’ when it come to basic features which is mostly what the iPhone is at this point askep3 I didn’t know a color was a feature, and basic features are what makes up these devices rockdude094 wasn’t talking about the colour ravimohan_kumaran This is fake propaganda. They are trying really hard to bring the Samsung down (Apple PR guys). Loser detected. The idiots thinking Apple invented colors. The news that’s going on is a rumor. Is The Investor a reliable news site? No. The Investor is a fake news site. Look that fake news. Galaxy S7 with pressure-sensing display (3D Touch), USB-C, iris scanner and more. Samsung Galaxy S8 may have a pressure sensitive display Samsung likely to sell refurbished Galaxy Note 7 next year. Now, Samsung to unveil the glossy black version of Galaxy S7 next month. 100% false rumor. After Galaxy S7, it is time for Samsung Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8 Edge (Feb-2017). This is not true. The exaggeration in this post. This article seems to lack research. Who copied? Read this first Galaxy Note 3 – (Announced- 2013, September) Colors – Black, White, Pink, Merlot Red, Rose Gold Black, Rose Gold White Galaxy Note 2 – (Announced-2012, August) Titanium Gray, Marble White, Amber Brown, Ruby Wine, Pink, Blue Galaxy Note – (Announced- 2011, September) Colors – Black, White, Pink Samsung has been releasing Gold (Or Rose Gold), Pink, Gray phones way before Apple. And the Apple copycat from Samsung (Apple copied colors variant). Earlier generations of the iPhone were only available in two colors, white and black (iPhone-iPhone 5), but the trend changed when Apple launched a gold iPhone 5s variant, alongside space gray, Rose gold, and silver colored models. The iPhone 6, 6 Plus, 6s and 6s Plus are available in similar colors. Samsung has been releasing “Black sapphire” (S6) and “Black Onyx” (S7) way before Apple. Apple announced the iPhone 7 Plus and they are called “Jet Black” (New Name). Four years ago, they were called iPhone 5 “Black”. And four years later, they are called “Jet Black”. Apple has been stealing other companies ideas for years. Here is proof that. Apple name is a copycat name. Apple copied everything; from their ‘Apple’ name, their ‘Apple fruit’ logo, the name ‘iPhone’, the name ‘iPad’, the name ‘iOS’, etc. Apple has been stealing other companies ideas for years Steve Jobs was the best at using other people’s ideas. Apple is always copying from every brand. Steve Jobs said: “Picasso had a saying — ‘good artists copy; great artists steal’ — and we have always been shameless about stealing great ideas.” Confirmed, Apple is a shameless copy company. Apple has never been shy about copying Samsung. “The iPhone 8 Plus could feature a 5.8-inch curved, edge-to-edge display” What do you think about that? I agree Apple invented black they should sue Hehehe… burge If Samsung didn’t make the device in this colourway and only decided to do it because they saw the huge popularity of the jet black iPhone then you could actually say that samsung have copied Apple on this colourway. And who said Apple invented black. lemonhead The thing I never understood about you people arguing over which company is better or who copies who is the fact that copying itself implies progress. Something is in fact a good idea and should be pushed forward. Now if it’s a technology or color doesn’t matter because options are always good as it means a drop of price. You all seem like you want to live in a world where there is a monopoly and no free market… strange if you ask me! askep3 The competition is always good, and I don’t care that Samsung is copying the jet black color, I’m just pointing out that this is a new level where instead of features they are copying colors. Also when I say copy I don’t mean the color itself, I’m talking about how right after apple came put with the jet black Samsung is doing so. Rowan09 Makes sense because the Jet Black is very popular. MMA Rules That’s weird Rafael Nunes I think that need to be Apple is called love. Lol fafaflunkie I don’t care what new color Samsung want to make an S7. I just want them to finally get Nougat on them! askep3 Truuu   Search Connect with iDownloadBlog Facebook Become a fan RSS Get the latest news YouTube Watch Us Twitter Stay up to date Newsletter News delivered to you Google+ Add us to your circle   The most recent headlines Beautiful iPhone 7 photos show New Year’s Eve celebrations around the world The best VR apps and games available on the App Store right now Happy New Year firework wallpapers Jailbreak tweaks of the week: CCLowPower, CCRecord, Evanesco, & more… The top stories of the week on iDB   The latest jailbreak news Jailbreak tweaks of the week: CCLowPower, CCRecord, Evanesco, & more… CCLowPower adds a Low Power Mode toggle to Control Center ForceInPicture enables Picture in Picture mode on unsupported devices CCRecord: a tweak to quickly and easily record your iPhone screen Customize your iOS 10 Control Center toggle colors with Cream 2 and Creamless iDownloadBlog           iDownloadblog.com About About Advertise Contact Keep in Touch Twitter Facebook RSS Feed Newsletter Push Notifications Podcasts Let's Talk iOS Let's Talk Jailbreak Site Stuff Disclosure Privacy Policy   Copyright iDownloadBlog 2017. This website is not affiliated with Apple.
Toggle Navigation A-   A+ Sign in News   Stock Keep abreast of the latest in business. Get notified about stories and events as they happen. No Thanks Yes Please Home «Back Apple rides on Ola to stream music to Indian customers Alnoor Peermohamed | Bengaluru Nov 23, 2016 12:50 AM IST Bhavish Aggarwal Photo: Saggere Radhakrishna Apple has firmed a deal with Ola to allow the ride-hailing company's one million daily customers stream music from its platform as it looks to expand its presence in India, it's fastest growing large market globally. In the year that ended September, Apple said sales of its iPhones in India grew by 50 per cent and that the country had the potential to become its next China. The company sold close to 2.5 million units during those 12 months and is looking at services such as Apple Music to woo more users to buy into its ecosystem as it struggles to expand its 3 per cent market share. Both Ola and Apple did not agree to reveal the financials of the deal. An Ola spokesperson, however, said the integration with its new Ola Play platform will mutually benefit both companies, bringing more riders to Ola and giving users a taste of Apple's service. Last year Apple launched its music streaming service on Android devices, the first Apple product to come to Google's mobile operating system. In India, the company launched the service at a subsidised price of Rs 120 (approx $2) for an individual subscription and Rs 190 (approx $3) for a family subscription to take on local rivals such as Gaana and Saavn. This fee is far lower than what Apple charges customers in the US for instance where Apple Music is priced at $9.99 and $14.99. Analysts said the move was in line with Apple giving Indian users a taste of its service to the millions of Android users here, owing to 94 per cent of all smartphones in the country running on Android and hoping that they upgrade to a more expensive iPhone. Apple's efforts to locally produce and sell low-cost refurbished models has been snubbed by the Indian government and is hoping that it would engage with premium customers by opening its Apple stories in the country. The US tech giant's partnership with Ola comes on the back of the US tech giant's $1 billion investment in Didi Chuxing, a partner and investor in Ola, in May. The company is riding on Ola's new in-car entertainment platform Ola Play, which was unveiled at an event in Bengaluru on Tuesday. "Music is at the heart of every car ride and we've designed music to be at the heart of Ola Play. We've worked with none other than Apple Music to create a unique experience. It's very different and much better than the experience you have in your own car," said Bhavish Aggarwal, co-founder and CEO of Ola. Ola has said that it will install multimedia tablets in every one of its cabs which will give customers access to audio and video streaming services such as Apple Music and Sony Liv, hoping to get their loyalty in its fight with Uber. The company has partnered with Qualcomm to power the hardware that will go into each of the cars and will be able to control in-car functions in the future. Car manufacturer Mahindra and Mahindra which has already signed a deal with Ola to sell 40,000 cars to drivers on Ola's platform, said it will take the integration further in future models. Apart from its partners, Ola said its open platform will allow other developers to build their services into its cabs, giving them access to millions of customers. Ola claims it does over a million rides a day with an average travel time of 60 minutes, giving developers who jump onto its platform huge access to consumer time. However, the company did not disclose whether it would earn revenue through its partnerships. Uber in the US had partnered with Apple's rival Spotify in November 2014 to allow customers control music within the car. "The opportunity our country and Ola has is to make this leapfrog this traditional paradigm of car ownership and move to ridesharing. We want to make your Ola ride much better than your personal ride and that's possible," said Aggarwal of Ola.  Advertisement << Previous Article   «Back Most Read Fact check: PM Modi just extended old schemes in New Year announcement Infosys' Rs 5.9 cr severance pay to Kennedy bid to play safe with Trump Black money chase: Don't panic if you receive a tax notice Flipkart's largest unit posts hefty revenue growth, cuts losses RBI allows NRIs to exchange old notes till June 30, 2017 More From Companies QNet denies allegations in charge sheet Tata Steel takes the start-up route for scale-up Hero ISL 2016 watched by 216 mn viewers in India Succeed to improve the world, Azim Premji asks staffers Automation, digitisation bigger disruptors than Trump, note ban: Sikka [ more ] Top Stories Derivative strategy on Nifty by Motilal Oswal Securities US Trade Representative could lose hold over trade policy under Trump Buy Tata Motors, UPL and sell Bank of Baroda, says Chandan Taparia At least 60 dead in Brazil prison riot Google helping mobile publishing? Some publishers are not so sure [ more ] Markets Derivative strategy on Nifty by Motilal Oswal Securities Top trading calls by Sacchitanand Uttekar of Motilal Oswal Buy Tata Motors, UPL and sell Bank of Baroda, says Chandan Taparia Street Food: Sebi set to see top appointments Sebi revises guidelines for written-off securities of FPIs [ more ] Companies Promoters infused Rs 1,700-cr equity in Adani Power in FY17 Amazon taps individual sellers; joins Olx, Quikr ONGC plans separate division for difficult fields Cognizant eyes $1.5-billion revenue from TriZetto Strong growth at Mu Sigma despite management upheaval [ more ] Opinion Why unemployment rate does not show the joblessness that journalists see Eicher Motors: Better placed than peers A cut in time Not by caste alone Ajai Shukla: Half-term report card on defence [ more ] Latest News Derivative strategy on Nifty by Motilal Oswal Securities US Trade Representative could lose hold over trade policy under Trump Top trading calls by Sacchitanand Uttekar of Motilal Oswal Buy Tata Motors, UPL and sell Bank of Baroda, says Chandan Taparia Malegaon blasts 2008 case: Court allows use of 'secondary evidence' [ more ] Today's Paper Teaser loans are back in SBI's armory Credit growth to improve after rate cut, says SBI Manufacturing hits slow lane Promoters infused Rs 1,700-cr equity in Adani Power in FY17 Amazon taps individual sellers; joins Olx, Quikr [ more ] News you can use Your Money: Customers on base rate should shift to MCLR Here's how borrowers will benefit from falling interest rates 2017: Looking forward: Weigh your investment thematically Demonetisation impact on consumer: Dial D for demoralisation Your Money: Revision of returns can come under scrutiny [ more ]    X Share Box Permalink http://mybs.in/2TJGT8H Home Year End Specials Demonetisation Today's Paper Top Stories Latest News Market News Market Data Companies Economy & Policy Opinion Finance Personal Finance Current Affairs Politics Technology General News International Management Weekend Portfolio Have Your Say Ask Expert Photo Gallery Columnists Videos B2B Connect Live Chat Top Stories Market News Market Data Companies Opinion Economy & Policy Finance Jobs Politics Technology Personal Finance Current Affairs International Management Weekend B2B Connect General News General Photo Gallery Latest News Today's Paper Videos About Us Sitemap Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved | View Desktop Site
report this ad / Cory Doctorow / 6:31 am Tue Nov 22, 2016 Apple's ebook store bans books that use Apple trademarks in unapproved (but legal and accurate) ways From the Boing Boing Shop See all deals Popular Posts Follow Us Twitter / Facebook / RSS Aaron Perzanowski and Jason Schultz's must-read new book The End of Ownership: Personal Property in the Digital Economy (read an excerpt) is not for sale in the Apple ebook store, and won't be until they agree to change their text to refer to Apple's ebooks as "iBooks" rather than "iBook." report this ad The petty editorial dictate is a little-known aspect of the agreement that publishers must sign onto in order to put their products in Apple's bookstore, which demands that Apple trademarks be used as "adjectives, not nouns." But even this injunction doesn't actually cover the sin that Perzanowski and Schultz committed in their book. Rather, Apple is objecting to the authors' use of iBook (the name of a discontinued line of Apple laptops) to refer to the ebooks sold in Apple's store, which they do three times in the text -- Apple wants these items referred to as "ebooks from the iBooks store." Perzanowski and Schultz have prepared a special edition exclusively for Apple's sale that replaces these three lines, for example," Apple’s iBooks can only be read on Apple devices" has been changed to "Ebooks acquired through Apple’s iBooks Store can only be read on Apple devices." They hope that Apple's censors will approve the new edition. But we didn't use "iBook" as a generic term; we used it to refer specifically and exclusively to ebooks sold by Apple. So the argument is misplaced. Elsewhere, Apple repeats the common trademark mantra that a mark is an adjective, not a noun. But even casual perusal of Apple's website and marketing materials reveals widespread use of terms like "MacBook," "iPhone," and "iTunes" as nouns. But there's another, more amusing, explanation for Apple's nitpicking about the use of this particular term. In 1999, long before it was seriously considering becoming a digital book retailer, Apple launched a consumer laptop meant to capitalize on the success of the iMac. At the time, it's professional laptops were called PowerBooks, so the new device was dubbed the iBook. Apple discontinued the product in 2006. But its legacy lives on. Ebooks sold on the iBooks Store are quizzically not called iBooks—because that name was already taken by Apple itself. WHY YOU CAN'T BUY OUR BOOK FROM APPLE [Aaron Perzanowski/The End of Ownership] SHARE / TWEET / 19 COMMENTS apple / bookselling / language / publishing / toilet seats not books / trademark report this ad GET THE BOING BOING NEWSLETTER Kickstarting six books on self-empowerment: fermentation, feminism, punk, bicycling, sewing, and comics journalism Elly from Microcosm Publishing (previously) writes, “We decided to try something different this time, and put up a project to help fund and spread the word about all six of the books we’re putting out this coming spring. They’re all very different on the surface, but the thread that runs through them is exactly what […] READ THE REST Kickstarting Papers & Paychecks, an RPG where you play "workers and students in an industrialized and technological society" A thirty year old joke by Will McLean in the first edition of the Dungeon Masters Guide features a group of fantasy adventurer types crowded around a table playing an RPG where they pretend to be “workers and students in an industrialized and technological society.” READ THE REST Germany-wide consortium of research libraries announce boycott of Elsevier journals over open access Germany’s DEAL project, which includes over 60 major research institutions, has announced that all of its members are canceling their subscriptions to all of Elsevier’s academic and scientific journals, effective January 1, 2017. READ THE REST The best deals of 2016 from the Boing Boing Store The Boing Boing Store had plenty of great items over the past year, but these 8 deals top each catagory. From course bundles in an array of professional programming and IT subjects to futuristic vaporizers, this guide features healthy discounts on leading tech finds.Twisty Glass Blunt – $34.99Rolling your own without destroying the paper with saliva […] READ THE REST Land one of the highest in-demand tech jobs as a DevOps pro Running a cloud-based service requires much more than just software developers. Developer Operations engineers are crucial to the growth, maintenance, and security of online products. Mastering the skills required to be a DevOps engineer can be overwhelming, but this Ultimate DevOps Mastery Bundle will provide a solid foundation.This 9-course bundle will introduce you to a variety […] READ THE REST Get this GPS-equipped fitness watch for just $29.99 Fitness trackers are effective for gauging your progress and holding yourself accountable to your exercise goals. But competitive triathletes and multi-sport enthusiasts often need more capabilities than simple step counting and sleep monitoring. The Magellan Switch Up GPS Fitness Watch offers robust activity tracking for more intense multi-stage workouts.With onboard GPS, this fitness watch accurately follows […] READ THE REST report this ad Start the discussion at bbs.boingboing.net Read the rules you agree to by using this website in our Terms of Service. Boing Boing uses cookies and analytics trackers, and is supported by advertising, merchandise sales and affiliate links. Read about what we do with the data we gather in our Privacy Policy. Who will be eaten first? Our forum rules are detailed in the Community Guidelines. Boing Boing is published under a Creative Commons license except where otherwise noted. Mark Frauenfelder Cory Doctorow David Pescovitz Xeni Jardin Rob Beschizza Jason Weisberger Publisher Ken Snider Sysadmin About Us Contact Us Advertise Forums Shop Shop Support
Time.com MY ACCOUNT SIGN IN SIGN OUT SUBSCRIBE SUBSCRIBE Home U.S. Politics World Business Tech Health Motto Entertainment Science Newsfeed Living Sports History The TIME Vault Magazine Ideas Parents TIME Labs Money LIFE The Daily Cut Photography Videos TIME Shop Press Room The 100 Most Influential People Next Generation Leaders American Voices The Ensemble Effect Person of the Year 2016 Top of the World Subscribe Newsletters Feedback Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Ad Choices RSS TIME Apps TIME for Kids Advertising Reprints and Permissions Site Map Help Customer Service © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. Tech MY ACCOUNT SIGN IN SIGN OUT SUBSCRIBE SUBSCRIBE MORE U.S. Edition U.S. Edition Europe, Middle East and Africa Edition Asia Edition South Pacific Edition Rebecca Ferguson Says She Will Perform at Donald Trump’s Inauguration on One Condition 50 Years Ago This Week: How Young People Changed the World Ariana Grande Will Be in a Final Fantasy Mobile Game Rogue One Tops the New Year’s Box Office Watch the New Teaser Trailer for Fifty Shades Darker Mariah Carey and 5 of the Most Awkward Lip Sync Snafus Protesters Climb Rafters at Vikings Game and Drop Banner Against Dakota Access Pipeline Lauren Conrad Announces She’s Pregnant With Her First Child Someone Changed the Iconic Hollywood Sign to Say ‘Hollyweed’ Mariah Carey’s New Year’s Eve Performance Was Plagued by Technical Difficulties TIME Tech Gadgets Apple Is Teasing a Black Friday Sale for the First Time in Years Lisa Eadicicco @lisaeadicicco Nov. 22, 2016 SHARE The company didn't have any sales last year Holiday shoppers looking for a bargain on Apple gadgets may not have to turn to third-party retailers this Black Friday. On its website, the company is teasing a one-day sales event set to take place Nov. 25, prompting Apple fans to “save the date.” Apple has not yet revealed which items will be on sale, but the Apple Watch is prominently displayed on the page. Shoppers ordering in-stock items through Apple’s website before 5 p.m. this Friday will also be eligible for free two-day delivery, the company says. Apple didn’t offer any Black Friday specials last year. In previous years, it bundled iTunes gift cards with certain purchases made on the shopping holiday. The teaser for this year’s event hints at deals that may include discounts on specific gadgets rather than just gift cards. It’s unclear whether the deals will be online only or in-store as well, but the teaser page says to “Come back this Friday to check everyone off your list.” Apple’s Black Friday announcement comes as the company may be looking to boost sales around the holidays. Apple’s latest earnings results marked the third consecutive quarter in which year-over-year revenue had declined. And although Apple sold more iPhones than expected in the previous quarter, iPhone shipments fell by 5%, as CNBC notes. Retailers such as Target, Best Buy, and Walmart have already started promoting their Black Friday bargains on Apple products, including deals on Macs, iPhones, iPads, and the Apple Watch. Tap to read full story Read Next Your browser is out of date. Please update your browser at http://update.microsoft.com Home U.S. Politics World Business Tech Health Science Entertainment Newsfeed Living Ideas Parents Sports History The TIME Vault Magazine Subscribe Give a Gift TIME Shop Press Room Newsletters Customer Service Site Map Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Advertising Ad Choices Careers © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP YOU BROKE TIME.COM! Dear TIME Reader, As a regular visitor to TIME.com, we are sure you enjoy all the great journalism created by our editors and reporters. Great journalism has great value, and it costs money to make it. One of the main ways we cover our costs is through advertising. The use of software that blocks ads limits our ability to provide you with the journalism you enjoy. Consider turning your Ad Blocker off so that we can continue to provide the world class journalism you have become accustomed to. The TIME Team
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Apple in 2017: What’s next for Mac, iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch & Apple TV this year Trending in Apple Apple Watch, New Year’s resolutions, and losing 50 pounds Trending in Reviews Hands-on: LG Apple-endorsed 5K Display – an UltraFine choice for MacBook Pro owners? [Video] Trending in Apple Review: Nanoleaf’s Aurora smart lighting panels match modular customization with HomeKit control [Video] Trending in Apple iPhone 8: Everything we currently know about Apple’s 10th anniversary flagship Trending in Apple Comment: Apple continues to explore bringing the Digital Crown to iPhones & iPads, and I still like the idea November 22, 2016 AAPL: 111.80 0.07 Opinion: Is Apple dropping AirPort products just simple financial sense, or a slippery slope? Ben Lovejoy - 1 month ago @benlovejoy Feature iCloud Opinion Time Machine View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit It was reported yesterday that Apple is disbanding the division of the company responsible for its wireless networking products: the hard drive-equipped Time Capsule and both AirPort Extreme and AirPort Express routers. The report was given additional credence by recent discounts and the fact that the products haven’t been updated in more than three years. On one level, the decision seems like a no-brainer for Apple. The company is in the premium product basis. Back in the days when Wi-Fi was a new thing, it made sense for Apple to boost adoption rates by offering its own products; now it’s ubiquitous, there’s no reason for the company to be in what is today a very mundane product category. But if the news is confirmed, it will sadden me a little – and worry me slightly as well … Sadden me because the Time Capsule in particular is a great one-stop solution for fully-automated Time Machine backups over Wi-Fi. A wise friend once said that any backup regime which requires user interaction – even something as simple as plugging in an external drive – is doomed to failure. A Time Capsule ensures hourly backups anytime the Mac is at home. I’ve pointed many friends to one as a fit-and-forget backup system. While any NAS product can do the same job, the Time Capsule is significantly more consumer-friendly than the average Network Attached Storage device. As to why it worries me slightly, let’s look at the four possibilities I can see when Apple discontinues its routers. First, it could simply shrug and say everyone has Wi-Fi these days, so there’s no need for it to be in that business any more. Most cable and ADSL modems are wireless-enabled out of the box, so there’s no real reason for a typical consumer to buy anything else. For those using AirPort routers to add AirPlay functionality to wired speakers, it could perhaps offer a Chromecast-style dongle. Second, it could do what it’s done with monitors, and move out of the business itself but form a partnership to recommend one or more third-party products – including a replacement for the Time Capsule. Third, it could add AirPort functionality to the Apple TV. That already contains most of the hardware required of a router, and most people already situate it close to their cable modem. Add a few antennas and it could fairly trivially replace an AirPort router. Perhaps the facility to connect an external hard drive could be added, or a new Apple TV product with significantly higher storage introduced. But it’s a fourth possibility that worries me: that Apple could be trying to wean us all away from local backups altogether, and instead push us toward iCloud storage. Apple has of course already done this for iOS devices. iCloud Backup is its recommended solution for backing-up both iPhones and iPads, with iTunes backups downgraded to an alternative. But the iCloud Drive changes introduced with macOS Sierra suggest that Apple also sees cloud storage as the future for Macs too. As you may recall, I’m not exactly a fan of the current implementation – and more than two-thirds of you seem to share that view. But even when Apple resolves the problems, it’s still a much poorer solution than local backup for the vast majority of us who don’t spend our entire lives connected to always-on high-speed broadband. Could you imagine buying a new Mac, for example, and doing a restore from iCloud Drive instead of hooking up a local drive? It would take forever. Yet Apple would seemingly argue today that we shouldn’t be doing this anyway. Why restore our entire machine when the documents are (or would be, if Apple got its way) all sitting on iCloud Drive waiting for us to download them as and when we need them? Apple’s view, it seems to me, is that local storage is old tech; the cloud is king now. So I do worry that it may not just be wireless networking boxes that Apple discontinues, but – over a longer period – the whole concept of local backup too. A future version of Time Machine may go looking for those deleted and older documents on iCloud, not on a local drive. For Apple – a company increasingly looking to sell services in order to generate recurring income between hardware spikes – the potential revenue it could generate from selling us the necessary iCloud storage tiers must look awfully appealing. What’s your view? Am I just being paranoid? Or does this represent one step along the way to an iCloud-first future for Mac backups – followed eventually by iCloud-only ones? As ever, please take our poll and share your thoughts in the comments. Take Our Poll Guides iCloud View THe Guide Opinion pieces & commentary View THe Guide Time Machine View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Login Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Classifieds Real Estate Jobs × Toggle navigation Toggle Search News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Podcasts Submit Newstip Recent Headlines Suspected DUI vehicle collision injures two McEnerny-Ogle announces run for Vancouver mayor Vancouver woman’s body found in Oregon waterway Larch inmates train shelter dogs for adoption   Local governments embrace art in public spaces Off Beat: Keeper of quiet, videographer of viral bobcat video   Holiday Closures: New Year Idaho man hurt in vehicle crash near Battle Ground Man hurt when car hits tree along I-5 Year in Review: The Columbian’s Top 10 stories of 2016 Year in Review: The Columbian’s Top 10 stories of 2016 Some problems can’t be solved in 12 months. Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Recent Sports Headlines Seahawks enter the playoffs with a whimper, not a roar Nominees for Week 3 winter sports prep athlete of the week Weekly high school sports schedule, Jan. 3-7 Rodgers vs. Manning headlines NFL’s wild-card weekend WIAA taking its first steps with basketball RPI Flynn, Hawkinson lead WSU past UW, 79-74 49ers fire coach Chip Kelly, GM Trent Baalke Trail Blazers top Timberwolves 95-89 Seahawks wrap up regular season with 25-23 win over 49ers Gonzaga rallies to beat Pacific 81-61 Nominees for Week 3 winter sports prep athlete of the week Vote, sponsored by Athletes Corner, continues through Thursday Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Real Estate Legal Notices Recent Business Stories Portland’s new 10-cent-a-gallon gas tax is in effect Biomass testing delayed at Boardman coal plant Frontier drops KATU amid spat over fees Warren: Pot shops stuck in banking limbo When supermarket, nail salon is neighborhood bar Kitty litter helps Wyoming past drilling slump Auto sales records possible again, but analysts see decline coming Boot firm president Danner dies Working in Clark County: Elizabeth Higley, program manager, Great Life Mentoring Lane County winery sues over apple cider labels When supermarket, nail salon is neighborhood bar LOS ANGELES — Wandering around Echo Park recently, Tyler Sharkey was pleasantly surprised to find that he could now grab… Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Podcasts Movie Listings Recent Life Stories Dick Clark Productions rejects Mariah Carey’s sabotage claim Katie Couric returns to ‘Today’ show as guest co-anchor Local leaders look to 2017 with health resolutions First Day Hike a good start to 2017 Three Netflix series you may have missed Most important books of 2016 Reynolds, Fisher: Up and down in life, together in death New Mexico trips offer adventure, history The trouble with a possible ‘Honeymooners’ reboot Cruise on Switzerland’s Lake Lucerne year-round Dick Clark Productions rejects Mariah Carey’s sabotage claim NEW YORK — Dick Clark Productions is hitting back against Mariah Carey’s claim it sabotaged her live performance on its… Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Recent Opinion Stories In Our View: License Your Dogs, Cats Koehler: I pledge allegiance to world of hope, decency, dignity Letter: Trump should buy Mexico Letter: Kalama refinery not worth cost In Our View: New Year Offers Hope Busch: Fisher gave girls new hope Ambrose: The enemy within the government Will: Making America 1953 again Oppenheimer: Despite eventful year, world becoming a better place Garrison Keillor: America has lost the art of small talk, and some civility with it Editorial Cartoons, Jan. 1-7 Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk High School Sports HealthBeat History Recent Blog Posts Community Cat Tales Corks and Forks FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Paleo Mama Portland Timbers Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Community News Everybody Has a Story: Truth about father deepens appreciation Waste Connections donates bikes to state agency Frontier Middle School student donates 100-plus toys to nonprofit Volunteer Opportunities Spotlight on Youth ‘Tree guy’ leads change in First Place neighborhood Vancouver Elks Lodge donates food, host children’s party PeaceHealth hosts head-shaving event for child cancer research Legacy employees gather 37,246 pairs of socks Fire District 3 again receives clean financial audit Green Meadows residents worry about annexation Art Stubbs is resigned to becoming a resident of Vancouver. But the idea still worries him. Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Blogs Neighbors Obituaries Business Directory Weekly Deals Best of Clark County Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Login | Subscribe News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Podcasts Submit Newstip Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Economic Forecast Real Estate Legal Notices Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Podcasts Movie Listings Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Blogs All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Preps HealthBeat All Blogs Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Find a Business Weekly Deals Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate I wasn’t bowled over by soup for the holiday — until now Celery Root-Apple Soup (Jennifer Chase for The Washington Post) By Jane Touzalin, The Washington Post Published: November 22, 2016, 6:03 AM A   A Make soup for Thanksgiving? Who does that? No one I’ve ever shared the holiday meal with, that’s for sure. And so, when the potluck sign-up list came my way, soup was the course I claimed. Who doesn’t like the idea of a holiday game-changer? The sign-up decision was the easy part. Instantly, I felt the anxiety experienced by every cook who’s taking food to a dinner party: Will it be special enough? Will people like it? And because it’s soup: Will they even try it? You can look at Thanksgiving soup in two ways: as a pointless meal-opener, an obligatory hurdle that stands between you and the glorious feast. Or as a brilliant first act, a sensory jumping-off point that prepares the palate for what’s to come. I needed that brilliant first act. I needed a masterpiece. I needed help. Friends, chefs and the Internet came to the rescue with suggestions and recipes, and I started planning my approach. And then I made a lot of soup. For any course, I think, the biggest challenge at Thanksgiving is picking a main ingredient that won’t also be starring in other dishes on the table. A sweet potato soup I tested was wonderful, but too risky; someone is bound to bring a sweet potato something-or-other to the party. Squash soup, pumpkin soup, potato soup — same problem. Then there’s texture and body. I wanted something smooth and velvety, so a chunky mushroom soup and an onion soup I tried didn’t make the grade. A white gazpacho made with grapes was delightful but grainy. Creamy is good, but I didn’t want something so heavy, so rich, so loaded with dairy that it would put everyone in a stupor before they’d had even the first bite of turkey. And so I finally hit on celery root. Homely and underused, this vegetable makes a smooth, creamy, pale and beautiful soup — full-bodied yet still light — without help from cream or even milk. One of my culinary heroes, food blogger and author David Lebovitz, had an appealing recipe on his website. But with just celery root and leeks, it seemed not quite nuanced enough. I added a standard fall ingredient — an apple — and substituted apple juice for some of the recipe’s water. And I had a winner! I made two garnishes: a bright green herb oil drizzle for color, and ultra-thin roasted mushroom slices for crunch. But if simplicity is a priority, even just chopped-up apple would work. Now I’ve got a killer recipe, and I’ve answered my own question: Who makes soup for Thanksgiving? Me. Celery Root-Apple Soup 12 to 18 appetizer servings (makes about 9 cups) This beautifully pale, silky-smooth soup has advantages beyond its good looks and bright flavor. It can be made in advance; it can be served chilled, hot or at room temperature (we prefer hot); and it welcomes a variety of garnishes (see NOTES, below). MAKE AHEAD: The soup can be made up to 2 days in advance and refrigerated in an airtight container. For the optional parsley-chive oil, the herbs need to steep in the oil for at least 4 hours and preferably overnight in the refrigerator. The optional roasted mushroom chips (see NOTES, below) can be prepared up to 2 hours in advance; they will soften if allowed to sit for much longer. Adapted from a recipe by cookbook author David Lebovitz. • For the parsley-chive oil (optional) 1/2 cup packed parsley leaves and tender stems 1/4 cup packed chopped chives 1/3 cup olive or grapeseed oil • For the soup 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, or more as needed 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, or more as needed 2 medium leeks (thoroughly cleaned), white and light-green, parts coarsely chopped (2 cups) 2 medium cloves garlic, very thinly sliced Sea salt 2 large or 4 small celery root (celeriac; about 4 pounds total), peeled and cut into 3/4-inch chunks (8 cups) 1 large Granny Smith or other tart apple, peeled, cored and cut into 1-inch chunks 3 cups homemade or no-salt-added chicken broth, or more as needed 2 cups water, or more as needed 1 cup apple juice, preferably unsweetened (may substitute apple cider) 1 to 1 1/2 teaspoons white pepper, preferably freshly ground Scant 1/8 teaspoon chili powder Roasted mushroom chips, for garnish (see NOTES) For the optional parsley-chive oil: Have a bowl of ice water at hand. Bring a small saucepan of water to a boil over high heat. Add the parsley and chives; cook for 30 seconds, then immediately drain through a fine-mesh strainer. Transfer the blanched parsley and chives to the ice-water bath and allow to cool. Drain, and use paper towels to pat the herbs as dry as possible. Combine the parsley and chives with the olive or grapeseed oil in a blender; puree until smooth. Transfer to a small bowl and allow the mixture to sit at room temperature for up to 4 hours; or cover and refrigerate overnight. A few hours before serving, pour the herbs and oil into a coffee filter set over a drinking glass or other collection vessel. When all the oil has dripped through (this will take longer than you think), discard the herbs. Transfer the oil to a squeeze bottle, if you like. For the soup: Heat the butter and extra-virgin olive oil in a large pot over medium heat and stir to combine. Once they are hot, add the leeks and cook for 5 minutes, stirring frequently and adjusting the heat so the leeks do not brown. Add the garlic, season lightly with salt and stir to incorporate. Cook for about 4 minutes or until the leeks and garlic are soft and translucent but not browned. If the pot begins to brown on the bottom, add a little butter or olive oil. Add the celery root, apple, broth, water and apple juice. Increase the heat to medium-high and bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to low, so the liquid is moving and bubbling very slowly. Partially cover and cook for about 45 minutes, until the celery root can be easily pierced with a paring knife. Add the pepper (to taste) and the chili powder. Let the soup cool for a few minutes, then transfer it in batches to a blender — removing the center lid and placing a dish towel over the opening to contain splash-ups — and puree until extremely smooth. (You may use a stick blender, but it won’t give you the same silky texture.) Taste, and add more salt and/or pepper as needed. If the soup is too thick for your liking, thin with a little broth or water. Serve warm, at room temperature or chilled, drizzling each portion with the parsley-chive oil, if using, and topping with a few roasted mushroom chips or with other garnishes, if desired. (See NOTES.) NOTES: Instead of or in addition to the parsley-chive oil and roasted mushroom chips, each portion of soup can be topped with a drizzle of plain olive oil; crisped bacon or pancetta pieces; a sprinkle of smoked flaked salt; raw or sauteed diced apple; a dusting of nutmeg; or a few truffle shavings. To make the roasted mushroom chips, cut 4 ounces of cremini mushrooms (ends trimmed) into very thin slices. Spread on a parchment-paper-lined baking sheet, brush lightly with olive oil and sprinkle with salt; roast in a 400-degree oven for 15 minutes, then turn the slices over and roast for 5 minutes or until they are dry and crisp. Use as soon as possible. Per serving (based on 18, soup only): 90 calories, 2 g protein, 14 g carbohydrates, 3 g fat, 1 g saturated fat, 0 mg cholesterol, 130 mg sodium, 3 g dietary fiber, 6 g sugar Please take a second to review our community guidelinesCommunity guidelines Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Brews in Clark Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk Family Room Ghost Stories High School Sports HealthBeat History Political Beat Tailgate Talk Community It's the Fair! Corks and Forks Local+Arts = Community FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Health Notes Mother Bird Portland Timbers Sated Sensitive Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Vancouveater more Subscriber Services Contact Us Subscribe Home Delivery Issues Delivery Opportunities Archives e-Edition Tour the e-Edition eNewsletters RSS Help / Submissions Send us a News Tip or Photo Send a Letter to the Editor Submit an Event Have you seen? Clark County History Newspapers in Education Advertise with us Advertising Classifieds Online Jobs Place an Ad Real Estate Community Partnership Neighborhood Beats Battle Ground Camas-Washougal Hazel Dell North County Ridgefield Salmon Creek-Felida Vancouver Community Resources Places of Worship Resource Guide Events Calendar Most Searched Archives Best of Clark County Coupons Clubs and Organizations Death Notices Legal Notices Obituaries Rentals Vital Statistics Weather Connect Facebook Twitter Apps Galleries Videos Digital Services Web Design SEO Visibility Management Search Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Subscribe Report Bug Privacy Policy Terms of Service Community Guidelines Columbian Publishing Company Careers Copyright 2017 Columbian.com. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement.
null
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Holiday Shopping: 5 Technology Devices You Can Spend Less On It's tempting to buy the hottest things, but it's not always needed. Daniel B. Kline (TMFDankline) Nov 22, 2016 at 9:26AM In many cases, when buying consumer electronics, it's tempting to buy the top-of-the-line item, to spend the most money in order to get the best doohickey you possibly can. For some things, that might make sense -- a top-tier game console, for example -- but for most others, it's not really necessary. You may want an Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) iPhone, Apple TV, that $2,000 laptop, 4K television, or a top-of-the-line iPad, but in many cases, you don't actually need one. It's a question of appearance over function, style over what you actually need the device to do. Apple has been especially good at making consumers believe that any product not carrying its logo counts as inferior, but there are plenty of other brands people overpay for. These are five areas where "good enough" is a big savings, and it's still pretty good -- better than most of us need. Follow this advice during the 2016 holiday shopping season, and you may not make everyone happy, but you will be getting them great gifts at good prices that should stretch your budget further. Amazon's Fire TV Stick is nearly as good as its more-expensive rivals. Image source: Amazon. Streaming video players It's tempting to think the Apple TV ($149), Roku's Ultra ($129.99), or Amazon's (NASDAQ:AMZN) top-of-the line Fire TV ($89.99) are vastly better than the various less-expensive alternatives. In reality, these more-expensive boxes offer enhanced performance that few consumers will notice or need. In the case of Apple TV, the company no longer makes a cheaper model, meaning cost-conscious consumers might opt for another provider. In this case, the best bets are Amazon's Fire TV stick with Alexa voice remote ($39.99) or Roku's $29.99 Roku Express. It's also possible to get a cheaper Fire TV without the voice control for as low as $24.99. If you opt for any of the sticks (and the newest Amazon model has been sold out with no promise as to when the company will get more) you're not going to notice a difference when it comes to using popular streaming services. It might take a tad longer for each app to load, but not enough to impact your enjoyment or make it worth spending two to four times as much on the device. Televisions It's really tempting to buy a top-of-the line 4K television simply to have it, but the reality is that even if you would enjoy the difference, there's very little programming which takes advantage of the technology. Aside from some movies, a small selection of sports, and some travel content 4K barely exists, because the vast majority of consumers have not adopted it. Opting for a decent 50-inch TV will cost a consumer roughly $350-$500 depending on brand and features, based on prices on Amazon. Opting for 4k pushes prices to starting at just under $500 to well above that on the same shopping site. Paying for more TV then you need -- especially for a technology likely to never completely catch on makes no sense. Most TVs, even many of the cheaper ones, offer decent pictures and reasonable sound, at low prices. It's simply not worth having the best in this category when HD already offers an impressive picture. Laptops While it's tempting to buy a MacBook due to their elegant look, high-end features, and the general cachet of owning one, buying a laptop that starts at $1,299 for just the entry level version is generally a bad investment. Even buying the no-longer-updated MacBook Air ($999) makes little sense when you consider what else can be purchased for less. It's certainly possible to spend well above $1,299 for a laptop, but it's also easy to get a high-powered model for well below that. CNET lists a number of top models on its best laptops with a 13-inch screen list and it has a number of better-than-you-would expect choices on its top budget laptops list. $400-$600 should get nearly anyone all the computer they need (aside from maybe heavy gaming users or people editing a lot of video). It's possible to spend even less than that and buy something decent which for many people is more than enough. Smartphones and tablets While these are separate categories, they can be lumped together because in both cases Apple offers the expensive choice. iPad and iPhone are impressive products, but the field has caught up. A mid-priced Android phone does nearly all things Apple phone does and the same can be said of Windows tablets.  Amazon's Kindle Fire costs less than an iPad, much less for the entry-level model. Image source: Amazon. In both cases, you're talking about spending $100-200 for the Android phone or tablet (or maybe a Windows model) versus even the entry-level iPhone SE starting at $399 and the cheapest iPad (a somewhat outdated iPad Mini 2) starting at $269. It's simply a waste of money when you can spend less to get similar (sometimes even better -- at least for tablets). It may not be as cool to use an off-brand smartphone as it is to use an iPhone, but the cost difference is significant. The same is true when it comes to say an Amazon Kindle Fire versus an iPad. The Apple product has a better look, but Amazon's works well enough, runs most of the same apps, and costs under $100. And, if you want a machine more for business than entertainment HP and Dell have Windows models under $200 and sometimes under $100 during the holiday season which can run Office, email, and pretty much anything else you need. In all of the cases above it's easy to see why people opt for the high-end products and why they are willing to spend more for them. In reality though, for most people, it's just not necessary and amounts to wasting significant amounts of money. Daniel Kline owns shares of Apple. He owns nearly all of the devices mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon.com and Apple. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Daniel B. Kline (TMFDankline) Daniel B. Kline is an accomplished writer and editor who has worked for Microsoft on its Finance app and The Boston Globe, where he wrote for the paper and ran the Boston.com business desk. His latest book, "Worst Ideas Ever," (Skyhorse) can be purchased at bookstores everywhere. Follow @tworstideas Article Info Nov 22, 2016 at 9:26AM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $115.75 down $0.98 (-0.84%) Amazon.com NASDAQ:AMZN $749.87 down $-15.28 (-2.00%) Read More Amazon.com Introduces Music Unlimited Family Plan Amazon.com Has Officially Begun Drone Delivery 3 Stocks Worth Stuffing in Holiday Stockings This Year Top Stocks to Buy in Cloud Computing Amazon.com's Next Product Could Be a Game-Changer Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current themotleyfool Holiday Shopping: 5 Technology Devices You Can Spend Less On #stocks $AAPL, $AMZN
null
null
TechnoBuffalo Site Navigation Content All News Reviews Videos Galleries Products Giveaways Sections Menu Left Mobile Tablets Gaming Apps Accessories Computers Gadgets Internet Menu Right Business Cameras Cars Design Home & TV Lifestyle Software Science Series Ask The Buffalo Buffalo Gear Guess the Phone Rettinger’s Riffs Rumor Roundup The TechnoBuffalo Show TechnoBuffalo Plays More The Crew About Us News Tips In the News Work at TechnoBuffalo Advertise With Us Facebook Google+ Instagram Pinterest RSS Tumblr Twitter YouTube Scrolling Enable Endless Scrolling Disable Endless Scrolling Share Tweet +1 Submit Front Page /Gadgets Gadgets Apple Black Friday sales event confirmed By Todd Haselton | November 22, 2016 Part of: Black Friday 2016 Share Stay Connected with Us! Follow TechnoBuffalo Apple hasn’t said much about what it plans to offer on Black Friday this year, but we know that it has something coming. The company recently published a Black Friday holder page with the promise that discounts are coming. Normally this wouldn’t be much of a story, but Apple doesn’t typically offer much on Black Friday. In fact, it ignored the shopping day last year. Perhaps things are changing. “Friday can’t come soon enough,” the page says. “Our one-day shopping event will be here before you know it. Come back this Friday to check everyone off your list.” Apple may end up tossing in Apple Store gift cards instead of actually decreasing the price of some of its products. In 2014, for example, Apple offered up a $50 gift card with each purchase of an iPad and $100 with Mac purchases. Or perhaps it’ll change its tune entirely, offering one-day discounts on products people are shopping for. I doubt it’ll discount new devices like the MacBook Pro with Touch Bar, but doing so might actually help boost sales ahead of the holiday shopping season. Apple Black Friday deals can be found at other retailers, too You don’t need an Apple Store Black Friday deal just to save on Apple products, however. Walmart, Target, Best Buy and other retailers are well known for knocking down the prices of products like iPads and iPhones. Walmart’s Black Friday sale, for example, will cut the cost of the iPad Mini 2 by $70 and will slash the price of the iPhone SE by $50. Target’s Black Friday deals include the Apple Watch Series 1 for $198, down from $269, and the iPad Air 2 for $274, down from $299.99. My guess is that Apple’s deals will only be good online and not in its physical store locations. Apple has tried for years to avoid overcrowding and lines at its stores, even so much as to encourage customers to buy new iPhones online instead of waiting outside of its stores on launch day. Also, Apple isn’t clear on when the sale starts. Your best bet is probably to check in at the page linked below right at 12 a.m. local time on Friday, November 25, to find what Apple has in store. Source Apple Topics #Apple #Apple #Black Friday 2016 Black Friday 2016 Updates 30 Amazon slashes prices on magazine subscriptions, X-Men Universe bundle and more November 26 29 Black Friday Sale: We’re dropping the prices on featured tech products to their lowest ever for one day only November 25 28 Black Friday 2016: Did You Score Some Deals? November 25 27 Home networking equipment marked down for Black Friday on Amazon November 25 26 ONE DAY ONLY: We’re offering Black Friday tech specials at their lowest prices ever—plus a 15% off coupon code for any items sitewide! November 25 25 Amazon Black Friday deals discount Fire Tablet, Fire HD 8, Echo and more! November 25 See All Updates Todd Haselton Follow Follow Todd Haselton has been writing professionally since 2006 during his undergraduate days at Lehigh University. He started out as an intern with MaximumPC Magazine and has since written for Ars… Read More Recent Posts The Shark Tank-backed IllumiBowl is the toilet light you didn’t know you needed Netflix: 10 great movies you should watch right now Infiniti QX50 unveiled as new autonomous SUV concept Our Crew | About Us | Contact Us © 2017 TechnoBuffalo LLC. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms of Use
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iPad Air 2 iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS Sierra Retina MacBook tvOS 10 watchOS 3 Buyer's Guide Forums iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s Retina MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air Apple VR Project iMac iPad Air 2 Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > Apple Opening Third Store in Paris at Marché Saint-Germain on December 3 [Updated] Tuesday November 22, 2016 6:18 AM PST by Joe Rossignol Apple has announced it is opening a third retail store in Paris, France at Marché Saint-Germain on Saturday, December 3 at 10:00 a.m. local time. Marché Saint-Germain render based on renewal plans Apple will be one of several new stores opening this month at Marché Saint-Germain, or the St. Germain Market, which has been under construction for several months following a renewal project. The market is centrally located in the 6th arrondissement of Paris. Apple had been rumored to be a future tenant since 2015. Apple Marché Saint-Germain will be the company's first new retail store since opening its Via Santa Fe location in Mexico in late September. Apple has two other stores in Paris at the Opéra de Paris and Carrousel du Louvre, along with an Apple Watch boutique at Galeries Lafayette. It will be Apple's 20th store in France. Update: Apple is also opening a new store at Zhujiang New Town, an area in Guangzhou, Guangdong, China, on Thursday, December 1 at 10:00 a.m. local time. Related Roundup: Apple Stores Tag: France 8 comments Top Rated Comments (View all) MacsRgr8 6 weeks ago Avez vous dongelles..? :p Rating: 6 Votes cube 6 weeks ago How do you say "Another lightning cable frayed again" in French? "Encore un câble Lightning effiloché" Rating: 1 Votes Zirel 6 weeks ago How do you say "Another lightning cable frayed again" in French? Rating: 1 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming iMac Early 2017 Updated models with AMD graphics options expected in early 2017. iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 New glass-backed design rumored to lose the Home button. Front Page Stories LG and Dell to Showcase Latest USB-C Displays for New MacBook Pro at CES This Week 5 hours ago on Front Page CES 2017 kicks off in Las Vegas this week, and a handful of USB-C displays compatible with the new MacBook Pro will be unveiled at the show. USB-C displays display up to 4K video, transfer data, and... 72 comments Apple Announces Chinese New Year Event Featuring Free Beats Solo3 Headphones With Mac or iPhone Purchase 6 hours ago on Front Page Apple today announced an upcoming one-day sale in celebration of Chinese New Year, where the company will provide free Beats Solo3 Wireless On-Ear Headphones in red to all customers who purchase a... 27 comments Samsung to Reveal Results of Galaxy Note7 Fire Investigation Later This Month 10 hours ago on Front Page Samsung will announce later this month the results of an investigation into what caused some of its Galaxy Note7 smartphones to catch fire, according to South Korean newspaper JoongAng Ilbo. ... 114 comments What Do You Want to See From Apple in 2017? 2 days ago on Front Page We've covered what we expect to see from Apple in 2017 based on the rumors that are circulating so far in our recent What to Expect post. On the horizon are a new iPhone 8 with a radically... 484 comments Apple Rumored to Begin Seeding iOS 10.3 With New 'Theatre' Mode on January 10 3 days ago on Front Page Apple is preparing to begin seeding builds of iOS 10.3 to developers as soon as next month, according to Sonny Dickson, who has occasionally offered accurate information on Apple's plans from... 121 comments What to Expect From Apple in 2017: iPhone 8, 10-Inch iPad Pro, Refreshed iMacs, and More 3 days ago on Front Page With the launch of the iPhone 7 and MacBook Pro, 2016 has been a mixed year for Apple. The iPhone 7 was released without a headphone jack, an unpopular choice that's now been somewhat ameliorated... 476 comments LG's UltraFine 5K Display Is a Worthy Companion to the New MacBook Pro, Even Without Apple's Looks 3 days ago on Front Page At Apple's MacBook Pro media event back in October, the company unveiled a pair of LG-branded high-resolution displays it co-developed with the display manufacturer. The UltraFine 5K and 4K... 191 comments Apple Will Reduce iPhone 7 Production By 10% in Early 2017 Due to 'Sluggish' Sales 3 days ago on Front Page Apple plans to reduce production of the iPhone line by 10 percent beginning in the first quarter of 2017, according to supplier data collected by Nikkei. Apple is said to have experienced a similar... 362 comments • AirPods Supplier Increasing Production Capacity Due to Strong Demand (202) • Here's a Detailed Aerial Photograph of Apple Campus 2 (136) • New Report Delves Into Inner Workings of Foxconn's Zhengzhou iPhone Plant (97) • Samsung Again Rumored to Be Exclusive Supplier of 5.8-Inch OLED Displays for 2017 iPhone (128) • iPhone 7's Lack of 'Compelling' Features Convinced Most Galaxy Note7 Owners to Stay With Samsung (494) • Apple CEO Tim Cook Calls AirPods 'A Runaway Success,' Says 'It's Been a Great Holiday' (351) • Some AirPods Users Facing Battery Drain Issues With Charging Case (247)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Husain Sumra Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade 'Snowball!' Review - Pinball in a Winter Wonderland 'Island Delta' Review - Heavy is the Hand That Wields the Gravity Gun Update Mondays: 'Daddy Long Legs', 'Subway Surfers', 'Shadowverse', 'Warp Shift', and (Not Many) More 2016 Recap, Best of and Best Stories - The TouchArcade Show #288 TouchArcade Needs Your Help - Tell Your Friends and Support Our Patreon TouchArcade Game of the Week: 'Don't Starve: Shipwrecked' AppShopper Apple Announces New iPhone 6s with 3D Touch Apple Announces iPad Pro with 12.9-inch Retina Display Apple Announces iOS 9, Bringing Split-Screen Multi-tasking to iPad Apple Announces Mac OS X 10.11 'El Capitan' Apple Watch Pre-Orders to Open on April 10, Available Starting on April 24 Apple Announces New 12-inch MacBook with Retina Display Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
null
null
obsessions our picks latest popular like us on facebook follow us on twitter quartz index about us register log in log out Events Atlas quartz quartz India quartz Africa Change your edition back to menu BYE FI Apple is reportedly going to stop making wireless routers Written by Mike Murphy November 21, 2016 This might be the key. (Reuters/Beck Diefenbach) Share Written by Mike Murphy November 21, 2016 The company that is forcing its customers to go wireless by removing ports from all of its devices is reportedly going to stop manufacturing wireless routers. According to Bloomberg, Apple will be getting out of the router market and will shift employees onto other projects, including Apple TV, the company’s standalone streaming device. Apple, which has not yet commented on the report, currently sells three router models under the AirPort brand, at prices ranging from $100 to $400. It hasn’t refreshed any of these products since 2013, as Bloomberg points out. While it’s not clear how much of Apple’s revenue is generated by AirPorts, the products aren’t huge sellers. In Apple’s quarterly earnings disclosures, AirPorts are bundled into the “Other Products” bucket, along with the Apple Watch, Apple TV, iPod sales, and Beats Audio headphones. Together they make up Apple’s smallest revenue category, generating roughly $2.4 billion of the $18.7 billion the company brought in last quarter. It’s not entirely clear what Apple’s rationale for leaving the wireless business would be, especially as technology is becoming increasingly mobile, and wireless. Apple’s newest laptops only have USB-C ports, meaning any older devices that users might want to use with them—such printers, cameras, and iPhones—have to be connected through a confusing series of adapters, or wirelessly. Apple routers have functions, such as playing music wirelessly, that are compatible only with Apple products. Bloomberg argues that by killing off its routers, Apple is inviting the possibility of Mac owners buying non-Apple computers to go with their future, non-Apple routers. But it’s possible that Apple is looking to ensnare users in its ecosystem in other ways. Bloomberg also reports that some engineers would be moving to Apple’s TV division. In its current form, Apple TV is a device that wirelessly connects to a router to stream movies, shows, and games to a screen. Perhaps by bringing in engineers who understand connectivity and networking, Apple is setting up Apple TV to play a larger role in an internet-connected home. In recent years, Google and Amazon have introduced voice-activated devices that can control internet-of-things devices, as well as stream music (and in Google’s case, video, if you have a Chromecast). Apple brought its voice assistant, Siri, to its most recent version of Apple TV in 2015. It also fleshed out an app called Home, which allows iPhone owners to control every IoT device in their home from the app. The company has been lacking a standalone, voice-controlled hub like Google’s Home or Amazon’s Echo, but perhaps instead of building up a new device from scratch, it’s planning to add wifi to a streaming device that people already know, and in some cases, love. Apple has been struggling to find a lower-cost device to stuff stockings with, as it once had with the iPod. Falling iPhone sales, coupled with relatively flat sales of all its other products, are only adding to that pressure. Last month, the company posted its first year-over-year sales drop since 2001. Some believe that new products, like a pair of smart glasses, may be the answer; others think the Apple Watch could still become a hit. But given the unexpected success of the Amazon Echo and the initial response to Google Home, perhaps the answer for Apple has been sitting under our televisions this entire time. Read full story home our picks popular latest obsessions search Post to Cancel
null
x PhoneArena is hiring! Reviewer in the USA PhoneArena Search Login Register Home Phones Carriers Verizon AT&T Sprint T-Mobile View all Manufacturers Samsung Sony LG Apple Motorola Microsoft HTC BlackBerry View all Phone tools Phone finder New phones Popular phones Compare phones Size compare Best phones Camera comparison Benchmarks Tablets Carriers Verizon AT&T Sprint T-Mobile Manufacturers Apple Samsung Asus Amazon Tablet tools Tablet finder New tablets Popular tablets Compare tablets News Reviews Videos Tip us Home Phones Carriers Verizon AT&T Sprint T-Mobile more ... Brands Samsung LG Motorola HTC Sony Apple Microsoft BlackBerry more ... Tablets Carriers Verizon AT&T Sprint T-Mobile more ... Brands Samsung Motorola HTC LG BlackBerry Apple Nokia more ... News Reviews Videos Tip us Tools Phone Finder Compare phones Size compare Camera comparison Best phones Discussions Benchmarks Show menu Home › News › Microsoft CEO gloats that iPad Pro ended up being a whole lot like the Surface line Microsoft CEO gloats that iPad Pro ended up being a whole lot like the Surface line Posted: 22 Nov 2016, 07:33, by Daniel P. Share Tweet Share Tags : Windows-Windows+ iOS-iOS+ Apple-Apple+ Microsoft-Microsoft+ Tablets-Tablets+ Surface Pro 4 behind an iPad Pro with a keyboard cover and Apple Pencil Apple's CEO Tim Cook and a few other execs down the rank, have repeatedly said they don't plan to introduce touchscreens on their laptops, or produce 2-in-1 hybrids like the Microsoft Surface line. In fact, Tim Cook is on record saying about hybrid devices that can be used both as a laptop and as a tablet that "you can converge a toaster and a refrigerator, but you know those things are not going to be probably be pleasing to the user."  Well, Microsoft's CEO begs to differ, pointing out that Apple actually has a device similar to its Surface concept, and it is called iPad Pro, which Apple now bills as a computer in ads like the one you see below. "I mean, take even Surface. Three years ago, the two-in-one as a form factor was questioned. Does anybody need one? And now guess what, even our competition has decided that it's not a refrigerator and a toaster but it's actually a two-in-one," quips Satya Nadella.  Well, if you have to tack on a keyboard cover with a stand to a thin device with a touchscreen to make it work like a laptop, you might as well get an ultrabook these days, as they now have similar battery life but are more powerful and offer more storage plus proper keyboards and ports for similar prices, but we digress. On the topic of phone development, Microsoft's CEO was more obscure: We don't want to be driven by just envy of what others have, the question is, what can we bring? That's where I look at any device form factor or any technology, even AI... We will continue to be in the phone market not as defined by today's market leaders, but by what it is that we can uniquely do in what is the most ultimate mobile device. Therefore [with Nokia assets], we stopped doing things that were me-too and started doing things, even if they are today very sub-scale, to be very focused on a specific set of customers who need a specific set of capabilities that are differentiated and that we can do a good job of. Thus, it seems that Microsoft is really planning to focus on artificial intelligence, Android or iOS apps, virtual reality and cloud computing, gnawing on the mobile industry from the sides, rather than trying to compete with Apple or Samsung in the phone business with devices directly, which is probably the smarter move at this point. source: AFR Award-winning puzzler Monument Valley discounted to just $0.99 on Google 22 Nov Prev news Pixel vision: How Google's new flagships came to be 22 Nov Next news Close newer posts Siri vs Google Assistant: win some, lose some (infographic) 22 Nov Spotify for Android finally puts the navigation bar where it belongs - 22 Nov Samsung Galaxy A5 (2017) rumored to launch in 4 colors 22 Nov Pixel vision: How Google's new flagships came to be 22 Nov Now reading: Microsoft CEO gloats that iPad Pro ended up being a whole lot like the Surface line Microsoft CEO gloats that iPad Pro ended up being a whole lot like the 22 Nov Award-winning puzzler Monument Valley discounted to just $0.99 on Google 22 Nov NBA 2KVR now available for Samsung Gear VR 22 Nov Deal: get the Motorola Moto 360 Sport for just $100 22 Nov Square Enix deal alert: Hitman Sniper, Deus Ex Go, Lara Croft Go, Hitman 22 Nov Careful: this video link will crash your iPhone! 22 Nov older posts Featured stories   We are at CES 2017!   Asus to unveil a Tango-enabled phone at CES?   Slides leak for the Snapdragon 835 SoC   HTC prepping a 6-inch phablet?   PhoneArena Awards 2016   Motorola Moto X (2017) video and image renders leaked 23 Comments Follow Following Options Close Always view all comments Show comments: default hide low rated show moderated comments Display mode: Threaded Chronological Newest first Save posted on 22 Nov 2016, 07:39 9 Reply 1. DeusExCellula (Posts: 1274; Member since: 05 Oct 2014) Too bad it lacks the functionality of the Surface. posted on 22 Nov 2016, 07:47 1 Reply 2. DFranch (Posts: 212; Member since: 20 Apr 2012) But at least it cost about as much as the surface. posted on 22 Nov 2016, 07:54 11 Reply 3. bolosantosi (Posts: 99; Member since: 20 Sep 2016) The iPad Pro is not even worth its price posted on 22 Nov 2016, 08:07 3 in response to #3 in response to #3 Hide Reply 4. kiko007 (Posts: 3382; Member since: 17 Feb 2016) To you it isn't. The people who bought it would beg to differ..... posted on 22 Nov 2016, 08:10 8 in response to #4 in response to #4 Hide Reply 7. Scott93274 (Posts: 5118; Member since: 06 Aug 2013) Worth is subjective, but sales trend is not. Apple has been selling fewer and fewer of their tablets with each release... well actually all tablet brands are progressively seeing fewer and fewer sales. So I guess it would be fair to say that in general, all tablets are not work their price otherwise we wouldn't be seeing this current trend. posted on 22 Nov 2016, 08:32 3 in response to #7 in response to #7 Hide Reply 8. hemedans (Posts: 550; Member since: 01 Jun 2013) windows tablets and 2 in 1 are growing. last data show windows has 17% marketshare and ipad has 20%. soon windows will surpass ios. posted on 22 Nov 2016, 08:37 3 in response to #4 in response to #4 Hide Reply 9. miketer (Posts: 173; Member since: 02 Apr 2015) At a certain period of time, people who bought the iPad Pro, didn't have a product like Surface, as an option. posted on 22 Nov 2016, 16:24 0 in response to #9 in response to #9 Hide Reply 19. TechieXP1969 (Posts: 11014; Member since: 25 Sep 2013) That's very true. +1000 for you. The fact is, Apple could have had a tablet with Intel hardware running OS X, but instead made the Macbook Air. The Air and Surface are very comparable. It would have been nice is a device like the Surface could have happened in 2010 or closer to it. The market would be quite different. In fact, I think all ARM tablets would have died a horrible death. posted on 22 Nov 2016, 16:34 0 in response to #4 in response to #4 Hide Reply 20. TechieXP1969 (Posts: 11014; Member since: 25 Sep 2013) You seem top be confused as to the diiferences in "being worth the price" and well if you need to buy it " you have to pay the price". They certainly aren't the same. In my case, I bought an ipad, especially over other options because it was the ebst option. But Apple ever evolved the iPad, just liek they didn't evolve the iPod or the iMac or the Mac pro, or the Macbook. They are stuck in this stupid rut where they make the same product with few costmtic changes. They are worse than car companies. It does not cost millions of dollars to redesign a phoen or tablet liek it does a car. By now the iPad Pro should have been an Intel device, even a bit thicker for active cooling and running OS X. The reason Cook criticized the Surface is because, apple didn't do it first and now they won;'t until Cook leaves, because admitting you're wrong is not one of Apple's strong points. Just like Jobs criticized Microsoft saying they have no taste and have no original ideas, yet every Apple product borne under his reign were copies of an existing product and were not original. Jobs who criticized ohers for not being forward thinking, which at the time was true of many company's, too became guilty of no forward thinking. Dismissing big phones saying no one would buy them. When he saw he was wrong it was too late. Android has 50% of the large phone market and by the time the iPhone grew up, Android has 75% of the large device market. Apple is doomed to fail not because they have had bad ideas, but because when trends change they show an unwillingness to change with it. That is why Microsoft is out of the mobile market and Apple will soon be out too. Apple needs to hurry. The iPod is already basically dead. They've abandoned the iPod Touch, which was once the top portable handheld gaming device, which I love as an uncontracted iPhone, the iPad is losing sales, the Mac sales are up and down, the Mac pro is dead, the AirPort is dead, and the iPhone is slowly dying. Apple car died even before it had a chance to live. What's left? NOTHING> Apple is going to be Sega in 5 years. Making apps for others when they were once the king of hardware. Remember IBM! That is Apple's fate! posted on 22 Nov 2016, 18:33 0 in response to #4 in response to #4 Hide Reply 21. dazed1 (Posts: 436; Member since: 28 Jul 2015) Fast, get ready for defense. posted on 22 Nov 2016, 08:38 1 in response to #3 in response to #3 Hide Reply 10. piyath (Posts: 554; Member since: 23 Mar 2012) iPad pro is far far better than Surface when it comes to drawing by the stylus. It's even comparable to professional digital drawing tablets like Wacom cintiq compnion 2 or mobile studio pro. There are hundreds of videos as proof for this fact on YouTube. In a nutshell a small amount of people like convertible tabs but most people prefer refrigerator and toaster. In my opinion surface pro is a messy joke compared to iPad and Mac book pro combined. posted on 22 Nov 2016, 11:36 2 in response to #10 in response to #10 Hide Reply 13. Nine1Sickness (Posts: 295; Member since: 30 Jan 2011) The iPad shouldn't even be compaired to the Surface. Drawings you've seen on Youtube as proof that the iPad stylus is better than the surface? You know you can give an artist a piece of dookie and something to smear it onto, they can make something beautiful. In a nuttshell, the iPad with a "Pro" designation is a messy joke and should not even be compaired with the Surface. The Surface Pro and Macbook Pro are more direct competitors. Your theoretical "iPad and Macbook Pro combined" would be an awesome device. It would be a direct competitor to the Surface. Don't let Tim Cook see your idea, he might steal it and start making the MacbookPad Pro™. posted on 22 Nov 2016, 13:14 1 in response to #10 in response to #10 Hide Reply 15. TechieXP1969 (Posts: 11014; Member since: 25 Sep 2013) That is not true or false. It opinion. The best thing about he Surface Pen for drawing is, it feels like a real pen, it even has an eraser. The tools on X86 apps are better than mobile versions. For example, I use SketchBook pro on both my Surface and iPad pro and its definitely better on the Surface. The pen is subjective. The Pen on the Surface does more! posted on 22 Nov 2016, 11:18 2 Reply 12. Nine1Sickness (Posts: 295; Member since: 30 Jan 2011) The iPad Pro is a great device! It doubles as a vacuum cleaner, because it sucks. posted on 22 Nov 2016, 13:45 1 Reply 17. kevin91202 (Posts: 586; Member since: 08 Jun 2014) "In fact, Tim Cook is on record saying about hybrid devices that can be used both as a laptop and as a tablet that 'you can converge a toaster and a refrigerator, but you know those things are not going to be probably be pleasing to the user.'" Tim Cook is a dimwit. A proper and relevant analogy is an appliance that combines a freezer and a refrigerator, which are actually called refrigerators. And, guess what, everyone has one of those, even Tim Cook! posted on 22 Nov 2016, 08:08 2 Reply 5. Scott93274 (Posts: 5118; Member since: 06 Aug 2013) I think I would rather have the Surface, though, I can't justify any reason to buy a tablet, regardless of the OS installed on it. posted on 22 Nov 2016, 20:38 0 Reply 23. joey_sfb (Posts: 6085; Member since: 29 Mar 2012) I use tablet for its light weight perfect to browsing web, read manga and watch youtube in the bed. Bringing a Surface pro to bed defeat that purposes. Its like bring your notebook to bed. Its heavy and hard to handle. Tablet and Notebook are design to be used differently. posted on 22 Nov 2016, 08:08 2 Reply 6. Plasticsh1t (Posts: 885; Member since: 01 Sep 2014) Full desktop OS ftw. posted on 22 Nov 2016, 09:10 3 Reply 11. MrElectrifyer (Posts: 3385; Member since: 21 Oct 2014) "In fact, Tim Cook is on record saying about hybrid devices that can be used both as a laptop and as a tablet that "you can converge a toaster and a refrigerator, but you know those things are not going to be probably be pleasing to the user."" Yeah, and he also went on the record arrogantly saying "when you have ipad pro, why would you buy a PC anymore". In case you're not aware of what that means daniel, they literally back pedalled on that claim of "refrigerator toaster"... "Well, if you have to tack on a keyboard cover with a stand to a thin device with a touchscreen to make it work like a laptop, you might as well get an ultrabook " Lol, PA authors have a tendency to become stupidly shortsighted when defending their divine apple. An Ultrabook is only 1/3rd as versatile as what the Surface offers. In layman's terms, let's see you doing this ( http://sck.pm/g9p ), this ( http://sck.pm/Ftj ) or this ( http://sck.pm/yxO ) on an ultrabook. posted on 22 Nov 2016, 16:20 2 Reply 18. TechieXP1969 (Posts: 11014; Member since: 25 Sep 2013) Cook should never have criticized the Surface, after making a useless copy of it. It is by far the best Windows Hybrid ever made. Even without a keyboard and a mouse, its way more useful than anything using ARM. The only thing I've ever owned that remotely came close, was the Galaxy Note 12.2. With a mouse and keyboard and MS Office, it was a very productive tablet. But Windows is still the best in this department. posted on 22 Nov 2016, 13:10 0 Reply 14. TechieXP1969 (Posts: 11014; Member since: 25 Sep 2013) Except it is nothing like the Surface. The iPad is a toy you can use a keyboard with. Theer have always been keyboards for the iPad. To bad iPad's don't work with mice. Samsung tablets work with both keyboards and mice, so that is an edge over the iPad too. While Tim Cook blasted the surface as being a terrible laptop and tablet, the iPad is only good at being a tablet per se. It certainly can replace a laptop for some, but not the vast majority. The Surface doesn't replace either, it is simply both in one device. The fact it runs mobile and X86 apps in one package for a starting price that is less than an iPad pro is awesome. posted on 22 Nov 2016, 13:16 0 Reply 16. TechieXP1969 (Posts: 11014; Member since: 25 Sep 2013) The biggest thing is ARM vs Intel X86. ARM based apps are ok, but for the real deal you must go X86. I have seen and used some great apps on my iPad. Sketchbook Pro on the iPad is good, but not better than the same app on Windows. The best drawing app on iOS is Paper. I love it and its tools. But the X86 drawing apps are far better and the Surface Pen is better because the tools on X86 are more powerful vs ARM where the tools are kiddish! posted on 22 Nov 2016, 19:36 0 Reply 22. path45th (Posts: 21; Member since: 11 Sep 2016) For a screen smaller than 10 inches iOS is better. A full OS like Windows on an 9 inch screen requires some good magnifying glasses to be able to see the small letters in menus, etc. A bigger screen Surface is good for work but too big to be portable. The best tablet computer to have, in my opinion, is the 9 inch iPad. Small enough to carry around and easy to see everything plus a lot of functionality thanks to the many apps that are exclusive to the iPad. Microsoft is missing the point as to what a tablet should be. A tablet should be more like a Filofax that could easily give you quick access on the go to the stuff you need most instead of being a fully loaded OS that may be good when you want to do work in your office but not needed on the go. view all comments Want to comment? Please login or register. Show menu Home › News › Microsoft CEO gloats that iPad Pro ended up being a whole lot like the Surface line Microsoft CEO gloats that iPad Pro ended up being a whole lot like the Surface line Popular stories Last week Last 2 days Most commented   Latest issue for Samsung: Galaxy S7 rear camera lens mysteriously shatters   6-month old boy is moved out of harm's way just before a Samsung Galaxy S6 explodes   Google Play Store has two apps on sale for a penny each   Latest Android Nougat beta for Galaxy S7/S7 edge brings transparency for lockscreen notifications 1 2 3 4 Recent Articles Google Pixel vs Pixel XL: which one is right for me? Apple in 2016: a year in review and what we can expect from Apple in 2017 5G networks are coming in 2020: here are the speeds and advantages to expect 1 2 3 4 Hot Phones Apple iPhone 7 9.3 Review HTC 10 9 Review Samsung Galaxy S7 9 Review LG G5 8.3 Review Apple iPhone 7 Plus 9.3 Review Samsung Galaxy Note 7 8.7 Review Google Pixel XL 9 Review Sony Xperia XZ 7 Review Latest stories   1 2 Interesting stories PhoneArena Awards 2016 Apple AirPods battery life test results LG G6 render shows similar design to LG G5 5G networks: speed, advantages, and all you need to know CES 2017: What to expect Future phones may charge faster, last longer with this tech Best smartphones you can buy right now: December 2016 Best smartwatches (December 2016) Home Manufacturers Carriers News Reviews Discussions Videos PhoneArena network: CDN services by: Affiliates: PubGalaxy, Cell phone accessories, Cell Phone Accessories About Us . Advertise . Contact Us . Database Licensing . Links . Jobs All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2017 phoneArena.com. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy . Terms of use . Cookies . Team View mobile version  
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Trending Topics Writers Podcasts Events more Trending Topics Commerce Drones Enterprise Media Mobile Reviews Social Transportation Voices Writers Kara Swisher Dan Frommer Peter Kafka Edmund Lee Walt Mossberg Johana Bhuiyan Jason Del Rey Ina Fried April Glaser Eric Johnson Kurt Wagner Podcasts Events ✕ Apple Diversity Apple’s executive ranks are still overwhelmingly white and male Change is slow going at Apple, according to new data filed with the U.S. government. by Ina Fried Nov 21, 2016, 10:15pm EST tweet share Linkedin Photo by Stephen Lam/Getty Images Even tech companies with a commitment to boosting the diversity of their workforce are finding gains hard to come by. Apple is a case in point. The iPhone maker released new data Monday night showing that the company’s highest ranks remain even more white and male than the company as a whole. Just 20 of Apple’s top 107 executives are women, according to a government filing, while only five are from underrepresented minority groups (defined as black, Hispanic/Latino, Native American or Hawaiian/Pacific Islander). Another 14 executives are Asian, while the remaining 88 are white. Those numbers are roughly unchanged from a year ago. In the next layer of management, women made up 27 percent of the workforce. More than 65 percent of those managers and mid-level executives are white, 23 percent are Asian, with just 11 percent from underrepresented minority groups and 1 percent who define themselves as multiracial. As with the executive ranks, those numbers are little different than they were in 2015. Apple and other companies have made the case that not only is boosting diversity in their ranks the right thing to do, but also that it makes business sense and will lead to better products. “The most diverse group will produce the best product, I firmly believe that," CEO Tim Cook has said. "If you believe as we believe that diversity leads to better products, and we're all about making products that enrich people's lives, then you obviously put a ton of energy behind diversity the same way you would put a ton of energy behind anything else that is truly important." The data that Apple released Monday is included in a form known as the EEO-1, which companies must file with the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission. Even while publicly sharing the data, Apple has said that the EEOC data doesn’t reflect how the company itself breaks down its workforce, and is not the way it measures its diversity progress. In August, Apple released its last public numbers, noting that 32 percent of its workforce was female and 22 percent of employees were from underrepresented minorities. The numbers, which represented slight increases from 2015, reflect global hiring for women, and only the U.S. with regard to underrepresented minorities. Apple In terms of new hires, Apple’s figures were higher than its workforce as a whole, with 37 percent being women and 27 percent being from underrepresented minorities. (The data used for both the EEOC and Apple’s companywide diversity report covers the same time period.) But if Apple’s gains are small, at least it’s moving in the right direction. Microsoft, by contrast, released figures last week showing that the overall number of women at the company dropped in 2016 for the second year in a row. Microsoft blamed layoffs in its phone unit for the decline. The total number of black and Latino employees at Microsoft did go up compared to last year, but just barely. And at least Microsoft and Apple continue to share their data. While many tech companies started sharing diversity reports several years ago, many have yet to offer updates this year, and fewer still have shared this year’s EEO-1 filing. The EEOC, meanwhile, has used aggregate data to highlight that whites, men and Asians are overrepresented in high-tech jobs, while women, blacks and Latinos are less present in the high-tech industry than in the workforce as a whole. While Apple is ahead of many peers in its percentage of women, and a leader in terms of employing underrepresented minorities, it has not been immune to criticism. Earlier this year, reports from Mic and Gizmodo raised allegations that some corners of Apple were home to a significantly sexist culture. In an exclusive interview with Recode, Apple HR chief Denise Young Smith said the incidents described in the articles didn’t reflect the Apple she knows, but that the company did investigate, adding that “commensurate actions have been taken.” Such actions can range from an informal conversation to dismissal, and Apple didn’t disclose what actions it took. Here is Apple’s 2016 form: And for comparison purposes, here is the 2015 form: And the one from 2014: recode_divider More From Recode Doctors should think like mechanics, says Color CEO Othman Laraki Twitter’s China head says bye — adding another top exec departure to the heap as 2016 ends Courier-loving Trump claims he knows ‘things that other people don’t know’ about hacking Kevin Sessums’s reaction to Facebook’s temporary ban is, well, very pointed Recode Daily: Obama hits Russia with sanctions and expulsions for election hacking Recode and The Verge count down the 10 biggest tech stories of 2016 Trending Courier-loving Trump claims he knows ‘things that other people don’t know’ about hacking Kevin Sessums’s reaction to Facebook’s temporary ban is, well, very pointed Twitter’s China head says bye — adding another top exec departure to the heap as 2016 ends Why is there no fake news on LinkedIn? Listen to its editor explain. Doctors should think like mechanics, says Color CEO Othman Laraki More in Trending Newsletters Recode Daily Top stories of the day. Recode Event Updates Our signature events sell out quickly. Be amongst the first to know. Recode Product Updates Special series, exclusive interviews and new features. This Article has a component height of 34. The sidebar size is long. The Latest Podcasts Health Care Recode Decode, hosted by Kara Swisher Doctors should think like mechanics, says Color CEO Othman Laraki by Eric Johnson@HeyHeyESJ On the latest Recode Decode, Laraki says turning our bodies into data will change health care forever. Twitter China Comings and Goings Twitter’s China head says bye — adding another top exec departure to the heap as 2016 ends by Kara Swisher@karaswisher Kathy Chen follows others out the door of the social communications company. Politics President Trump Courier-loving Trump claims he knows ‘things that other people don’t know’ about hacking by Kara Swisher@karaswisher In yet another unproven claim, he said he will reveal all later this week. Facebook Social Politics Kevin Sessums’s reaction to Facebook’s temporary ban is, well, very pointed by Kara Swisher@karaswisher The social media site “fucked with the wrong faggot.” Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Send Us a Tip Masthead Sponsorships Podcasts Newsletters All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports FA Playbook Trader Talk ETF Strategist Modern Medicine Future Opportunities Marketing.Media.Money Advisor Insight Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Trumponomics Apple is headed for a clash with Trump on some crucial issues Anita Balakrishnan | @MsABalakrishnan Tuesday, 22 Nov 2016 | 8:00 AM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters How a Trump presidency may impact Apple    Tuesday, 22 Nov 2016 | 9:00 AM ET | 03:02 If President-elect Donald Trump stays true to his word, Apple should hope that a big wad of extra cash can help compensate for what are likely to become big fights with the new administration over trade, encryption and immigration. Even though Apple would benefit immensely from Trump's proposed tax reform, the president-elect's stance on trade with China, his immigration-hawk attorney general, and his cybersecurity appointees could pose threats to America's wealthiest company, industry watchers said. "The Trump impact could have a double-edged sword impact on technology stalwarts such as Apple," said Daniel Ives, senior vice president of finance and corporate development at mobile cloud maker Synchronoss Technologies, who covered the company on Wall Street for years. "On one hand, potential corporate tax cuts under Trump could have a major positive impact given Apple's massive tax burden and ongoing challenges," Ives said. "However, if Trump walks the walk on the China tariff issues, this would have a very negative impact on production costs." Vasily Maximov | AFP | Getty Images An employee of Caviar Phones, a Russian-Italian company specializing in smartphone customization, displays a special gold-plated iPhone 7 smartphone bearing the likeness of US President-elect Donald Trump - at a minimum price of 197 000 rubles (2755 euros / 2971 dollars) - in the company's boutique outside Moscow on November 14, 2016. Trump's victory comes at a time when Apple and the government are more intertwined than ever. Under CEO Tim Cook, Apple has spent about 3½ times more on lobbying than when co-founder Steve Jobs led the company, according to data collected by the Center for Responsive Politics. Taxes Apple is a clear-cut winner from Trump's offshore tax plan, according to Bernstein analyst Toni Sacconaghi, since it has both a high tax rate and a huge offshore cash balance. With a 26 percent tax rate and $216 billion stored offshore, Apple would benefit from Trump's proposals to lower the business tax rate to 15 percent and allow the one-time repatriation of corporate profits held offshore at a tax rate of 10 percent, Sacconaghi wrote in a research note. Overall, the technology sector has one of the lowest average tax rates in the S&P 500, at 20.9 percent, making Apple's tax rate relatively high, Sacconaghi wrote. "The upshot is that Apple will get both a meaningful earnings boost from a potentially lower tax rate, and has the potential to repatriate 37 percent of its market cap in offshore cash, which is the second highest percentage among the top 25 tech companies," Sacconaghi wrote. A year ago, Cook told CBS' "60 Minutes" he would "love to" repatriate Apple's overseas cash, but he thought the 40 percent tax rate was unreasonable, backward and awful. In the interim, he's faced what he's called "political crap" abroad, including a more than $14 billion tax bill from the European Commission. China Perhaps the most high-profile effect of Trump's election on Apple has been a backlash from China, after a state-backed newspaper warned that "iPhone sales in China will suffer a setback" if Trump carried out his promised 45 percent tariffs on trade. Apple's supplier dossier lists about 350 addresses in China, where some of its most high-profile partners, like Foxconn, are located. China is also key to the company's promise to return to growth next year. "Our company is open to all, and we celebrate the diversity of our team here in the United States and around the world." -Tim Cook, Apple CEO On top of that, Trump has vowed to shred the Trans-Pacific Partnership, a proposed trade agreement that the Internet Association has said is "a move in the right direction" for technology companies. Adams Lee, an international trade lawyer at Harris Moure, said Trump may have overextended what he can do under the law. While there is some executive authority for emergency tariffs, they are targeted and specific. Lee said Apple could argue that such targeting was an abuse of executive authority. Even without Trump's new policies, Apple has challenges in China. Jinjin Wang, Asia Telecom analyst, told UBS that domestic brands are softening demand for iPhones there. Revenue fell 30 percent from a year ago in the fourth quarter in Greater China, Apple's third-biggest market behind Europe and the U.S. Nikkei Asian Review reported that Apple may explore production in the United States, citing a source. Still, Cook is renowned for his ability to secure Apple's supply chain — and find the best talent around the world — in even the most challenging circumstances. Encryption The case for strong encryption is one of Apple's most impassioned stances — and one Trump has decried. While much of his key law enforcement staff are pro-surveillance, it's not clear whether Apple will face the blowback Trump promised. Trump called for a boycott of Apple products earlier this year, after Apple refused to comply with a court order to de-encrypt a terrorists' iPhone for the FBI. Trump's pick for Attorney General, Jeff Sessions, also argued that government must have access to the phone, saying it was "a more serious issue than Tim Cook understands."' Others within Trump's new administration are more tempered on the issue. Rep. Mike Pompeo, nominated for new CIA director, has called the use of strong encryption in personal communications a "red flag" — though he also said that a backdoor mandate would do little good. Michael Flynn, tapped as national security adviser, supported the Digital Security Commission Act, whose sponsors supported a commission to examine cases like Apple's. show chapters Internet Association: Want to work with the White House on internet, encryption    Wednesday, 16 Nov 2016 | 11:19 AM ET | 01:54 While the president may set the tone for an administration's take on encryption, even the Obama administration had independent agencies advocating on both sides of the issue, said Sophia Cope, a staff attorney on the Electronic Frontier Foundation. "No one knows what the heck that Trump is going to do," Cope said. "To the extent that he feels that weakening encryption is an important policy goal for him, he's going to find a way to do that. Senators [Dianne] Feinstein and [Richard] Burr had proposed an encryption bill. He could find supporters in Congress to outline legislation that would find back doors. .... A lot of people would fight that. We would fight that. Even in the case of a statute passed by Congress, there are avenues of legal challenge." Immigration If Trump's wavering campaign rhetoric is any indication, it's still unclear if Apple's immigrant-heavy workforce will face more scrutiny during his presidency. But Sessions' views indicate that Apple may have to fight to protect foreign workers. As The Wall Street Journal points out, there's no longer mention of visas for highly skilled foreign workers — H1-B visas — on Trump's website, after the candidate made conflicting remarks on his support for the program. But there's no mincing words from Sessions, who as attorney general would help enforce immigration law: "We need to create jobs for Americans first before we bring in foreign workers to take those jobs," Sessions testified in 2014. Apple was among the top 10 employers of the H-1B temporary program, holding nearly 2 percent, or about 23,000, of the certified employees this fiscal year, according to the Department of Labor website. Technologists are by far the most popular category for this type of visa. While Cook hasn't made direct comments about the issue, Alphabet's Eric Schmidt has defended the use of foreign labor and called for reform of the program, arguing that if the U.S. kicks out out American-educated engineers, "they go and build competitors to our companies." "Our company is open to all, and we celebrate the diversity of our team here in the United States and around the world — regardless of what they look like, where they come from, how they worship or who they love," Cook said in a post-election memo. Still, the 65,000 cap on H-1B visas is mandated by Congress, according to the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services website, and high-skilled immigration reform is not clearly divided along party lines. For example, the Employ American Workers Act, which prevents a company from displacing U.S. workers when hiring H-1B specialty occupation workers if the company received funds through the Troubled Asset Relief Program, was signed by President Barack Obama and co-sponsored by liberal Sen. Bernie Sanders and Republican Sen. Chuck Grassley. Republican Sen. Marco Rubio has sponsored a bipartisan bill raising the cap on H1-B visas. "Trump's stance towards tightening H1-B visas could negatively impact the company in the near term, given Apple and other companies in the Valley is a hotbed for technology developers," Ives said. "That said, Apple is in a position of strength around R&D and developer talent worldwide, so while they would have to slightly pivot on their hiring around H1-B visas if Trump went down the path, it would not have a long-lasting impact to their model." Anita BalakrishnanNews Associate Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change AAPL --- Binge 'Walking Dead' a megahit, thanks in part to white-knuckled binge-watchers By: Marc Gilbert, senior producer, CNBC Walking Dead producer: The phenomenon is no accident    Walking Dead producer: The show isn’t about zombies    Terminator writer sounds alarm on AI    Walking Dead producer: VR makes me nauseous    To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
null
Menu CIO CloseCIO In-depth Big Data BPM Budgeting Business Continuity Business Intelligence C-Suite Perspectives Change Management Cloud Consumerisation of IT Infrastructure Innovation IT Value KM/Storage Mobile/Wireless/Convergence Project Management Risk Management Security Vendor View Resources Career CIO Executive Council e-Mags Events Media Releases News Newsletters PartnerZones Slideshows Videos Whitepapers Industries Education Finance Government Login Username Password Forgot password? Sign up now to get free exclusive access to reports, research and invitation only events. LinkedIn Twitter YouTube Facebook Google Plus Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising CSO Subscribe to emails Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Menu CIO Holiday shopping by mobile phone? Beware fake apps and bad Wi-Fi hotspots Holiday shopping by mobile phone? Beware fake apps and bad Wi-Fi hotspots "Buyer beware" takes on added urgency with more smartphone purchases on Black Friday and Cyber Monday Matt Hamblen (Computerworld (US)) 22 November, 2016 22:00 - - - - print email Comments Black Friday and Cyber Monday holiday shoppers using smartphones should beware of fake commerce apps and fake Wi-Fi hot spots inside malls, two security firms have warned. Hackers use these fakes to grab account numbers and sensitive personal information. "Cyber criminals are increasing our risk of using mobile devices while shopping, whether it is Black Friday or Cyber Monday," warned Brian Duckering, mobility strategist for Skycure, an enterprise security firm, in a blog. "Going to physical stores and connecting to risky Wi-Fi networks, or shopping online both pose increasing risks we should all be aware of." Skycure, a security company started in 2012, and respected enterprise security firm RiskIQ said that the smartphone risk is higher this year than in 2015. There are more active cyber criminals and many more shoppers using smartphones to find products and make purchases, either via Wi-Fi in stores or online in other locations. RiskIQ predicted nearly 30% of spending on Black Friday and Cyber Monday will take place on mobile devices. Meanwhile, Skycure cited several analysts that predicted three times as many mobile payments will be conducted in 2016 compared to 2015. Online shopping from all venues totaled $5.8 billion on Black Friday and Cyber Monday in 2015, according to the Adobe Digital Index. The rapid increase in mobile e-commerce is not only because of the increased number of mobile users, but also the increase in minutes spent on a smartphone every day as opposed to a laptop or desktop, said Varun Kohli, vice president of marketing at Skycure, in an interview. "If I'm a hacker I want to maximize my investment and go where the masses are, and the masses are on mobile phones," he said. Many smartphone users compare prices and evaluate products while shopping inside a physical store, which means they are probably connected to a Wi-Fi network. Often, stores and malls offer Wi-Fi for the convenience of customers, but cyber criminals also set up fake Wi-Fi hotspots to be able to steal data. Sometimes the cyber thieves monitor consumer communications over legitimate Wi-Fi hotspots that haven't been properly configured and expose a user's communications openly, Skycure said. When shopping online anywhere, users need to be aware that hackers have set up fake store apps that look like legitimate ones, usually enticing smartphone users with deals and rewards, Skycure added. Based on its own security tests of the nation's busiest malls, Skycure named 10 U.S. physical malls where it found at least five risky Wi-Fi networks to avoid. Fashion Show Mall in Las Vegas was judged the most risky for mobile shoppers, with 14 Wi-Fi networks that were found to be malicious or risky to connect to, based on the hacker signatures Skycure found on them. Tysons Corner Center in McLean, Va., just west of Washington, was judged second by Skycure for risky Wi-Fi networks. The remaining eight malls named in the report: Yorktown Center in Lombard, Ill.; Town Center at Boca Raton in Boca Raton, Fla ; Sawgrass Mills in Sunrise, Fla.; Mall of America in Bloomington, Minn.; Houston Galleria in Houston, Texas; King of Prussia Mall in King of Prussia, Pa.; Westfield Garden State in Paramus, N.J.; and Memorial City Mall in Houston, Texas. Skycure said hackers also use man-in-the-middle exploits on poorly secured but legitimate Wi-Fi networks to gain access to user data. A hacker will observe unencrypted traffic or even manipulate the content the victim sees online to redirect the user to a malicious website or to download malware. When a hacker sets up a fake Wi-Fi network, the hacker will mimic a legitimate network, often using the same name. Hackers might set up a network that uses the word "free" in the name to lure victims, Skycure said. Even short access to a malicious network may give a hacker enough information to later access bank accounts, social media accounts or corporate accounts. Skycure found fake Wi-Fi networks at these shopping centers: Macysfreewifi at Park Meadows mall in Denver and at the Waterfront mall in Pittsburgh and in other places where there was no Macy's store; Belk_Guest in Columbiana center in North Carolina; Apple Store, in multiple locations where there was no Apple Store; Bloomingdalesfreewifi at Liberty Place in Philadelphia; officedepot in Magnolia Shops near Miami; and Panera near Baltimore. Skycure warned in a white paper: "If you see a Wi-Fi that is named as if it is hosted by a store, but that store is nowhere nearby, don't connect." Also, Wi-Fi hotspots that use the term "free" like "FreePublicWiFi" are dubious. For online shoppers using commerce apps, Skycure said hackers will sometimes repackage legitimate apps so the fake app looks exactly like the real one. The fake app works in the background to steal data or spy on the user. The security firm found a repackaged version of a Starbucks app, for example, and said users can avoid the problem by installing the official app from the Apple and Google app stores. Or, hackers will create fake apps from scratch. One hacker created an app called "Amazon Rewards" even though no such apps exists in the official app stores, Skycure found. Such fake apps promise rewards to get people to download the apps. With the fake Amazon Rewards app, Skycure found it was actually a trojan that spreads by using SMS messages with fake Amazon vouchers and a link to a fake website. It even accesses the user's contact list so that it can send SMS messages to even more people. In a separate report on Monday, RiskIQ found more than 1,000 Black Friday-specific apps that were malicious or that could be used to trick a user into downloading malware or giving up login credentials or credit card information. RiskIQ also found that of the biggest five leading e-commerce brands, there were more than 1 million apps that RiskIQ have been blacklisted that were using the brands in the title of app or the description of the app. That 1 million "is a huge number but we monitor hundreds of online stores and millions of apps," said James Pleger, director of security and threat research at RiskIQ, in an interview. Many of the blacklisted apps can be found in hundreds of third-party app stores outside of the Apple and Google app stores that don't have the most rigid requirements for banning malicious apps, he said. RiskIQ also found that the five major e-commerce brands were connected to nearly 2,000 blacklisted URLs that contained their branded names and the words "Black Friday" that RiskIQ linked to phishing, malware or spam. RiskIQ creates its blacklists by collecting data via scanning, crawling and sensing internet traffic on mobile apps, web pages and social websites. The company runs apps in sandboxes to see how they behave and then looks at underlying code for malicious code tied to known hacker signatures. Skycure developed its list of fake Wi-Fi zones in malls by checking the Wi-Fi networks used by its tens of thousands of enterprise and consumer end users in millions of monthly security tests from July through September. All those users had installed a free Skycure app, available for both consumers and enterprise customers to download from Google Play or Apple App Store or at www.skycure.com. Both companies issued tips for how consumers can protect themselves against fake apps and fake Wi-Fi. To guard against fake or insecure apps they recommend: Download apps only from Google and Apple official app stores. Beware of apps that ask for suspicious permissions like access to contacts, text messages, stored password or credit card information. Be skeptical of favorable reviews for apps, since rave reviews can be forged. Also examine the developer of the app to see if the app comes from an unusual developer or if the app description uses quirky spelling or poor grammar. A Google search will tell more about the developer. Read the warnings on your device and don't click "Continue" if you don't understand the exposure level. Update your device to the most current operating system. Disconnect from the network if your phone behaves oddly, has frequent crashes or receives a warning notice. When visiting shopping sites on the web, look for the "s" in HTTPS when you visit; without the S there could be weak encryption. To protect against fake and insecure Wi-Fi: Avoid "free Wi-Fi networks" since 10% of malicious networks use the word "free" in their name. If a Wi-Fi zone is named as if it is hosted by a store and the store isn't nearby, don't connect. Skycure has posted a handy tool on its website to help users identify mobile threats at any destination. Experts also urged consumers to use common sense. RiskIQ's Pleger suggested the age-old maxim,:"If it sounds too good to be true, it probably is." One independent analyst, Jack Gold at J. Gold Associates, noted that both RiskIQ and Skycure sell cybersecurity services and products to enterprises and have a financial stake in drawing attention to risky Wi-Fi and apps. For connecting to free Wi-Fi, he said that there isn't much of a threat in doing a search or getting directions because a user isn't passing important confidential information. "However, if you are connected to a malicious network and you log into a website or into an app that sends your credentials in the clear, then, yes, this could be compromised," Gold said. "Many apps now use a VPN tunnel that encrypts data but not all do. If you download a malicious app, all bets are off whether you get them from a malicious Wi-Fi network or click and download in the app store." The Rise of 'Data and Analytics' Roles Points to Digital Business Transformation More from Gartner Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers. Join the CIO newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. More about AdobeAppleBaltimoreGoogleStarbucksSunrise Editor's Recommendations ​Is Apple under threat? How operational resilience helped RBA survive a siege ​Real estate agents gain some data intelligence Bully building body replacement's tech transformation trips before bouncing back Exclusive: City of Monash leaps towards virtualisation and cloud ​6 ways to show your emotional intelligence Read more Veeam Resources Centre Gartner Partner Zone Ransomware Resource Centre Latest Blog Posts Digital disinterest David Bartlett Why best practice is risky Rob Livingstone Open Government, how ready is Australia? Rory Gregg Related Whitepapers CIO Forum in Association with Dell Technologies The Nervous, the Vigilant and the Battle-Scarred - IT Security Personas Revealed The Rise of 'Data and Analytics' Roles Points to Digital Business Transformation Latest Jobs Account Delivery Lead NSW Account Delivery Lead NSW DevOps Engineer WA Network Engineer VIC AEM Developer NSW IT Field Engineer NSW Application Developer ACT UI Developer VIC Senior Murex Developer VIC Senior Transition and Organisational Change Manager NSW Show all jobs Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read next Vodafone Australia set to build inaugural cyber defence and response centre HPE embarks on internal investigation after ATO outage ​‘Worst unplanned system outage in recent memory’: Commissioner of taxation In pictures: CIO Summit Melbourne In pictures: CIO50 launch party ​‘Worst unplanned system outage in recent memory’: Commissioner of taxation Market Place Answer 5 quick questions and you could win a Lego Mindstorm EV3, (valued at $499). WIN a HTC Vive Kit valued at $1399, take this 3 minute survey for your chance to WIN! Participate in this market research and go into the draw to win a Lego Death Star, (valued at $999). CSO Donald Trump offers cybersecurity warning: 'No computer is safe' New year's resolution for IoT vendors: Start treating LANs as hostile It's 2017 and changing other people's flight bookings is incredibly easy What to do if your data is taken hostage Critical flaw in PHPMailer library puts millions of websites at risk Computerworld After a big 2016, next year may be A.I. tipping point Mozilla to scrap Firefox support on Windows XP and Vista in 2017 Corporate boards aren't prepared for cyberattacks Tips for new tech devices Software is eating the food world ARN ​Data and analytics - Two sides of the same coin? ​Big business supports Aussie tech but fails to give start-ups a fair go IT services chief faces court over union fraud allegations ​Overseas investor acquires Hemisphere Technologies What the govt’s IT outsourcing trend means for Aussie partners Techworld Donald Trump offers cybersecurity warning: 'No computer is safe' Hands on: Dell twists the XPS 13 into a 2-in-1 How to hang on to Windows 7 for the long run The US has sanctioned Russia over election hacking New year's resolution for IoT vendors: Start treating LANs as hostile CMO Our most-read CMO profiles of 2016 CMO’s top 16 marketing stories of 2016 How an Australian tech company won licensing rights around Star Wars CMO's top 10 martech stories for the week - 21 December CMO interview: Taking test and learn marketing to the extreme at Expedia Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising Books CSO Subscribe to emails IDG registered user login Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites PC World GoodGearGuide Computerworld CMO CSO Techworld ARN CIO Executive Council IDG Education IDG Government IDG Health
  SOFTPEDIA® DESKTOP Windows Games Drivers Mac Linux MOBILE Android APK Phones Tablets WEB Webscripts Web Browsers NEWS Softpedia > News > Apple FLASH SALE: VDownloader      50% OFF! Apple Considered Building a Foldable iPhone at Some Point GO Patent shows Apple envisioned a clamshell-like iPhone Nov 22, 2016 12:44 GMT  ·  By Bogdan Popa  ·  Share:  Apple is expected to roll out a major overhaul of the iPhone next year, but the company is expected to retain the existing form factor and go for moderate design changes that wouldn’t make the device entirely different from its predecessors. But a recent patent called “Flexible display devices” shows that Apple at least considered building a foldable iPhone, using an approach that reminds of the traditional clamshell design that old phones were based on. As you can see in the drawing here, the foldable iPhone would use several flexible parts, including a display that would allow the device to close shut, just like a typical clamshell phone. The patent claims that such a technology would use hinges made of metal, and Apple explains that they could be built from nickel and titanium, making them not only elastic but also very durable. The top part of the phone would be used for incorporating features such as the camera, speakers, light sensors, and display controllers, and the device could rely on flexible circuit boards to connect the two parts. The lower section of the iPhone would house other components, such as the CPU and the processors, as well as microphones. The hinge can hold the display in any position Apple explains that in order to avoid stretching the display, it can be tensioned with tensioning structures, while the hinge could employ rotational detents to hold the screen in certain positions, according to users’ preferences. “The hinge may be configured to allow the flexible display to be placed in a front-to-front configuration in which an active side of the display faces itself or a back-to-back configuration. Engagement structures may be used to help the housing grip external objects and to hold the housing portions together. The hinges may be provided with rotational detents to help hold the flexible display in desired positions,” the patent reads. The patent undoubtedly sounds appealing for iPhone fans, but this is by no means a confirmation that Apple wants to build such a device. On the bright side, Cupertino seems to be already looking into ways to significantly overhaul the iPhone, so the next few years are likely to bring major changes in terms of design and form factor. #Apple#iPhone#foldable iPhone#iPhone 7 subscribe feedly old reader newsblur digg reader rss feed reddit it! flip it share it tweet it Related  ·  Hot right now  ·  Latest news This Link Will Crash Any iPhone Out There - Updated Samsung Gear Manager for iOS Leaked, Lets You Use Gear S2/S3 with iPhones Apple's 2018 iPhone Could Use TSMC's 7nm Processor, Rumors Claim Apple Discontinues AirPort and Time Capsule Products, Entire Division Disbanded New Leaked Image Points to Continuum-like Functionality for Samsung Galaxy S8 Asus ZenFone AR Tango-Enabled Smartphone Inadvertently Confirmed by Qualcomm HTC's Next Flagship to Be Called “U Ultra,” Rumored to Pack 6-Inch Display ASUS Launching New ZenFone With Snapdragon 835 SoC at CES Ubuntu 17.04 Skips First Alpha for Opt-In Flavors, GCC 6.3.0 Hits the Repository Penetration Testing and Ethical Hacking Parrot Security OS 3.4.1 Includes GNUnet PeaZip 6.3.0 Free Archiving App Improves DPI Awareness, Adds Hamburger Menu Netrunner Desktop 17.01 "Baryon" Rolls Out Based on Debian GNU/Linux 9 "Stretch"    The iPhone would use hinges to fold like a clamshell phone new ios apps NeuroNation: Train your brain to improve your memory and focus with NeuroNation Flipagram: Create cool videos by mixing up your photos with music Timer+: Set up dozens of timers and control them all with ease Nutshell Camera: Create some pretty cool videos with Nutshell Camera IKEA Catalogue: Check out the IKEA Catalogue for more than just furniture Complete: Complete puts a social twist to your regular to-do list/ task manager WebMD Baby: WebMD Baby offers help in how to best tend to your baby Reader comments Best Security Software for macOS Sierra more on: AV-TEST i softpedia®     Like 202K    +1 56K     Follow 13K © 2001-2017 Softpedia. All rights reserved. Softpedia® and the Softpedia® logo are registered trademarks of SoftNews NET SRL. Privacy Policy news tip feedback      
Serious Eats> Recipes Go Back Chicken Pizza Cocktails Pasta Burgers Sandwiches Desserts Salad View All Recipes Garlic and Herb Roasted Pork Loin with Crackling and Spiced Apple C... Emily and Matt Clifton The Best Challah Max Bernstein Techniques Go Back Essentials Grilling Braising Wok Skills Baking Sous Vide Knife Skills The Food Lab View All Techniques Crispy, Crackly Skin Is the Star of This Roast Pork Loin Emily and Matt Clifton Happy Challah-days: How to Master the Ultimate Braided Loaf Max Bernstein Features Go Back Eating Out Know Your Ingredients Kitchen Essentials Special Sauce Podcast International Cuisines Food Histories View All Features Our Best Bites of 2016 The Serious Eats Team What You're Cooking: The Most Popular Posts of 2016 Niki Achitoff-Gray Our Editors Go Back Ed Levine J. Kenji López-Alt Daniel Gritzer Niki Achitoff-Gray Stella Parks Sho Spaeth View All Editors Gift Guide Holidays Follow Us Menu Close Go nav Print 15 Thanksgiving Dessert Recipes That Are Just As Easy As Pie Rabi Abonour Profile Twitter Email 0 [Photographs: Vicky Wasik] Thanksgiving is a pie holiday. (It is known.) Chances are, your Thanksgiving will end with a slice of pie, and to that end, we have plenty of pie recipes to keep you satisfied. But maybe you're in the market for something a little different this year. Consider supplementing your roster of pies with alternative desserts—perhaps something lighter, like a pear sorbet or crunchy biscotti, or maybe something rich and chocolatey, like our dulce de leche brownies. Or maybe you can't get enough of pumpkin spice and you want to serve it up in a different form, like a cheesecake or a cupcake. If you're on board with the idea of mixing things up, keep reading for 15 of our favorite non-pie Thanksgiving desserts. Fruit Desserts The Best Apple Crisp [Photograph: Vicky Wasik] If you're too slammed for time to make apple pie, apple crisp is a natural alternative. To tell you the truth, I actually prefer its crumb topping to a pie crust. Pecans are an especially good choice for the crumb, but other toasted nuts work, too. No room in the oven? We also have a recipe for a crisp that you can make entirely on the stovetop. Get the recipe for The Best Apple Crisp » Gluten-Free Apple Fritters [Photograph: Elizabeth Barbone] I've personally never seen doughnuts served as a Thanksgiving dessert, but these apple fritters are certainly seasonally appropriate. We pre-cook the apple just a little before adding them to the dough so that they end up tender, not mushy. As for the dough itself, we make it with Chebe mix, so it's totally gluten-free. Get the recipe for Gluten-Free Apple Fritters » Apple Oatmeal Cookies [Photograph: Carrie Vasios Mullins] If you are not hosting Thanksgiving dinner, but were tasked with bringing dessert, cookies are a great choice—they scale well and travel even better. Sticking with apples, these chewy oatmeal cookies are studded with chopped Granny Smiths and get most of their moisture from applesauce, which reinforces their fruit flavor. Get the recipe for Apple Oatmeal Cookies » Pear, Riesling, and Ginger Sorbet [Photograph: Max Falkowitz] Apples get all the love, but fall is also peak season for ripe, juicy pears. Here we poach the pears in sweet-tart Riesling and make them into a light sorbet—just what you need after a heavy dinner. We use a lot of ginger to complement the sweetness of the pears and the wine's mineral backbone, but you can cut back on the amount if it seems too spicy. Get the recipe for Pear, Riesling, and Ginger Sorbet » Fresh Cherry Pie [Photograph: Vicky Wasik] Cherries are generally thought of as a summer fruit, but cherry pie is always a hit at Thanksgiving. Our recipe uses a mix of sweet and sour cherries and is thickened with tapioca starch. The pie can be made ahead of time and frozen before baking—just let it thaw overnight and bake as normal. Get the recipe for Fresh Cherry Pie » Chocolate Desserts Olive Oil Cake With Roasted Grapes and Chocolate Ganache [Photograph: Carrie Vasios Mullins] Can't decide between a fruit dessert and a chocolate one? This elegant olive oil cake will satisfy both cravings with its grapes, orange juice and zest, and bittersweet chocolate ganache. We roast the grapes before mixing them into the cornmeal batter to deepen their sweet flavor and reduce their water content. Get the recipe for the Olive Oil Cake With Roasted Grapes and Chocolate Ganache » Candied Almond Chocolate Chip Biscotti [Photograph: Carrie Vasios Mullins] I can't drink coffee after noon without being up all night, but a lot of my family always finishes up Thanksgiving dinner with a cup of joe. If you're the same way, try making a batch of these crunchy biscotti for dunking. The light, crispy cookies are made with chocolate chips and candied almonds. Get the recipe for Candied Almond Chocolate Chip Biscotti » Smoked Salt, Pretzel, and Potato Chip Chocolate Bark [Photograph: Yvonne Ruperti] Chocolate bark is a holiday classic that's both easy and impressive. In this version the chocolate is complemented by a triple dose of salt from pretzels, potato chips, and smoked salt. The smoked salt adds a deliciously smoky, almost bacon-like flavor to the bark, but if you can't find it, regular coarse salt is fine. Get the recipe for Smoked Salt, Pretzel, and Potato Chip Chocolate Bark » The Best Chocolate-Dipped Coconut Macaroons [Photograph: Vicky Wasik] As a lifelong coconut fanatic, I have an undying love for macaroons. A good macaroon is all about texture—it should be chewy (not dry) inside and crunchy outside. This recipe nails the texture by using toasted, unsweetened shredded coconut, sweetened condensed milk, and whipped egg whites. If you don't mind your macaroons being brown instead of white, swapping the condensed milk out for dulce de leche makes for a creamier, more complex cookie. Get the recipe for The Best Chocolate-Dipped Coconut Macaroons » Salted Dulce de Leche Brownies [Photograph: Nila Jones] Dulce de leche sounds fancy, but it's really just condensed milk that has been simmered in water for a few hours. If you're not making macaroons, try using it in these rich, fudgy brownies. This recipe starts with beating together butter and sugar—it's a cake technique rather than a brownie one, but these brownies need a little extra heft so that the dulce de leche doesn't sink to the bottom of the batter. Get the recipe for Salted Dulce de Leche Brownies » The Rest Pumpkin Cheesecake With Gingersnap Crust [Photograph: Vicky Wasik] I'm not a huge fan of pumpkin pie. But take those same warm, spicy flavors and put them into a creamy cheesecake and I'll be first in line for a slice. The crust is made with gingersnaps and brown sugar to complement the mellow pumpkin filling, and we top the cheesecake with homemade candied walnuts. Get the recipe for the Pumpkin Cheesecake With Gingersnap Crust » See the step-by-step photo guide for the Pumpkin Cheesecake With Gingersnap Crust » Gluten-Free Pumpkin Spice Cupcakes With Cream Cheese Icing [Photograph: Elizabeth Barbone] By Thanksgiving, you might be pretty sick of pumpkin spice, but it's worth holding out one more day to try these festive cupcakes. We make them with pure pumpkin purée to give them a real pumpkin flavor, which we then complement with a tablespoon of pumpkin pie spice and a splash of orange juice. White rice flour and cornstarch keeps them gluten-free, and if you want to make them vegan you can make the icing with dairy-free cream cheese. Get the recipe for Gluten-Free Pumpkin Spice Cupcakes With Cream Cheese Icing » The Best Gingersnaps [Photograph: Vicky Wasik] I like my gingersnaps extra spicy, and this recipe comes through with both fresh and ground ginger. "Snap" is right there in the name, so we make these cookies with whole wheat flour and cream the butter and sugar for several minutes, which ensures they come out extra crispy. We roll the cookies in sugar before baking—granulated white sugar works, but turbinado or raw cane sugar will give them a deeper flavor and better crunch. Get the recipe for The Best Gingersnaps » Moist and Chewy Lebkuchen [Photograph: Vicky Wasik] Cakey, chewy lebkuchen are technically Christmas cookies, but they're just as delicious at Thanksgiving. The cookies are heavily spiced with cinnamon, ginger, nutmeg, cloves, allspice, and cardamom. We also mix in candied orange rind and crystalized ginger. You can form the dough into individual cookies, but baking it in a sheet pan and cutting it into bars is easier. Get the recipe for Moist and Chewy Lebkuchen » Easy One-Bowl Oatmeal Cookies [Photograph: Vicky Wasik] The secret to our oatmeal cookies is letting the dough rest for about 45 minutes before baking. This gives the oats time to soak up moisture from the dough and become extra tender. The result is a batch of the most perfectly chewy oatmeal cookies you've ever had. Raisins are a traditional addition, but I say go with dried cranberries instead—not only will it give the cookies some Thanksgiving flair, but the tart cranberries balance out the sweet dough wonderfully. Get the recipe for Easy One-Bowl Oatmeal Cookies » Rabi Abonour Contributor Profile Twitter Email 0 Filed Under recipe roundup thanksgiving HIDE COMMENTS No comments, be the first! Thanks for commenting! Your comment has been accepted and will appear in a moment. ADD A COMMENT Comments can take up to a minute to appear - please be patient! PREVIEW YOUR COMMENT   HTML Hints Some HTML is OK: <a href="URL">link</a>, <strong>strong</strong>, <em>em</em> Comment Guidelines Post whatever you want, just keep it seriously about eats, seriously. We reserve the right to delete off-topic or inflammatory comments. Learn more in the Comment Policy section of our Terms of Use page. If you see something not so nice, please, report an inappropriate comment. HIDE COMMENTS 15 Make-Ahead Thanksgiving Dishes That Travel Well The tastiest bites delivered to your inbox! Keep up with our latest recipes, tips, techniques and where to eat! More "thanksgiving" The Food Lab: How to Roast the Best Potatoes of Your Life Re-Roast Your Leftover Turkey Bones for Rich, Flavorful Brown Stock Can't Stop, Won't Stop: 20 Thanksgiving Leftovers Recipes Serious Eats The tastiest bites delivered to your inbox! Latest Masthead Contact About Advertise Jobs Sitemap FAQ Follow Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy © 2016 Serious Eats Inc.
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Source: Courtesy of Companies The Practical, Non-Hipster Tech Gift Guide Gadgets for a geek’s lap, body and home—not necessarily the coolest but always functional. by Ian King More stories by Ian King November 22, 2016, 7:00 AM EST If you're looking for a collection of trendy gizmos that go well with a pair of Chuck Taylors and a plaid shirt, this isn't it. Our tech gift guide emphasizes practicality, price and specs over style. You won't find any Snapchat Spectacles here. As we head into the holiday shopping season, consider something more functional for your geeky loved ones. Laptop Microsoft's Surface Book Source: Microsoft Apple recently updated its MacBook Pro lineup for the first time in a couple of years. The new machines are zippy, with faster processors and graphics chips, and some even have a touchscreen strip built into the keyboard. It looks great on a live-edge wooden table at a third-wave coffee shop. But here's an idea: Get yourself a Microsoft Surface Book instead. No, seriously. If, like me, you switched to a Mac a decade ago after wrestling with the bugs, security flaws and clunky interface of Windows Vista, there's no way you're going back to that madness, right? What you'll actually find in the Surface Book is something that probably looks closer to the future of computing than an Apple laptop. Get one with the Intel i7 processor: It's a very powerful machine capable of playing most of the latest PC games. It's easier to type on and has a huge, conveniently placed touch pad and a pen for the touch screen. And one more thing: It's a surprisingly capable tablet computer when you unhook it from the keyboard. Fitness Oakley's Radar Pace Source: Oakley A Fitbit or Apple Watch will surely be popular gifts this year, but let's face it: Fitness trackers are for fit people. For the rest of us, they're drawer clutter once the novelty wears off. Those already motivated enough to get up before work to go for a run should check out Oakley's Radar Pace. It can read the wearer's heart rate, stride length and calories burned when connected with other body sensors. When I tried them out, they were useful, if not the most fashionable, with a robotic voice whispering in my ear about how slow I am as I struggled along. One of my colleagues is a big advocate for the Under Armour Record system, which she said has helped her with diet choices as well as fitness. But really, most people would be better off spending their cash on a gym or pool membership. Owning a Fitbit will not give you the inner fortitude to get off the couch and go out on a winter evening to run in the snow. There are several free running apps, such as Nike+ Run Club, MapMyFitness and Runkeeper, that can send mobile notifications encouraging users to fulfill their New Year's resolution. One of the best things about running is it gives you an hour (or 10 minutes) to catch up on podcasts or unwind with some Interpol. The Plantronics BackBeat Fit wireless headphones are waterproof and sit securely in your ears, eliminating the excuse to stop every five minutes to readjust the headphones and catch your breath in the process. Home iHome Smart Plug Source: iHome Smart-home appliances sound cool, but they're mostly dumb. Getting out of a chair to flip a light switch isn't any less onerous than pulling out a phone, opening an app and pressing a button. Many smart appliances are overpriced and could lock customers into proprietary technology that's hard to escape later. And security on these devices is rudimentary or nonexistent. For those who might want to experiment with automating home life, try the iHome Smart Plug, which can make your dumb products a little smarter. The device most in need of an update in many people's homes is one they only pay attention to when it makes them miserable: the Wi-Fi router. People frequently stick with whatever their internet company gave them. But Wi-Fi technology is evolving. Spend as little as $80 on a TP-LINK Archer C7 AC1750, and place it somewhere central, away from cordless phones, microwaves or other things that might cause interference. It makes a huge difference. Whatever model you choose—and it's possible to go as high as $350—make sure it has "AC" on the box. That's the latest and fastest standard. Photography Canon EOS 5D Mark IV Source: Canon The absolute pinnacle of any hipster's stable of accouterments is a Leica M series camera. It has everything: chic retro styling, quality lenses, a black-and-white-only model and the ability to accessorize in such photographic essentials as orange leather. Starting price: at least $5,000 (no lens included). If you're really serious about photography and have that kind of money, get a Canon EOS 5D Mark IV. The product was recently updated with just about all the functions a pro could ever want and access to a huge range of lenses. But really, most people already have a fantastic camera in their pockets. A new iPhone or Samsung Galaxy S7 contains a high-quality lens and big screen to view the pictures on. In most situations, the results are as good as most point-and-shoot cameras. But if you're shopping for a klutz like me, you might want to pick up a Nikon Coolpix waterproof camera. Since most of those photos will disappear forever into storage on your phone or a backup server array owned by Facebook, MyPix2 or another printing service can create a gift that really means something to the people you care about. Video Games Nintendo NES Classic Source: Nintendo With Microsoft rolling out an updated version of the Xbox One and Sony doing the same with the PlayStation 4 along with a virtual-reality headset, there are plenty of choices for gamers. But there's a more accessible option for about a 10th of the price of a PlayStation VR bundle. The Nintendo NES Classic will let you zone out without having to learn spell-casting key combinations or which type of missile will breach the defenses of your enemy's giant killer robot in the ten seconds before yours gets incinerated. The Classic lets players delve back into the kinder, gentler world of Donkey Kong, Super Mario Bros. and the Legend of Zelda. The remake of the 1985 original is smaller and more powerful, making those old, pixelated games look crisply retro on your flat-panel television. The only catch is trying to get hold of one. They're pretty much sold out everywhere. It turns out that hipsters like this one, too. —With Sarah Frier, Jing Cao and Mark Gurman Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Trending Now This Is Where the World's Highest-Paid Expats Live Top Investor Picks for Emerging Markets in 2017 Islamic State Claims New Year’s Massacre at Istanbul Nightclub Perdue Is Trump’s Lead Pick for Agriculture Secretary Trump to Continue Making News, Policy via Unconventional Twitter Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Advertising BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Apple just announced it's doing Black Friday after dropping the event last year Hannah Roberts Nov. 22, 2016, 7:15 AM 45,320 facebook linkedin twitter email print Apple has announced a one-day shopping event this Friday.Yana Paskova/Getty Apple announced a one-day shopping event this Friday via a new section on its website, rejoining the Black Friday tradition it dropped last year. The Cupertino, California, company appears to be focusing its Black Friday efforts on e-commerce this year. The dedicated webpage says the fastest way to shop the event will be with the Apple Store app, and there will be free two-day delivery on almost everything on the day. Apple will also open some retail stores earlier on Black Friday, November 25. The website does not yet include details about the products and discounts available as part of the promotion. Apple's one-day shopping event follows its decision last year to drop the Black Friday retail tradition to give staff a break. Last year, Black Friday discounts on Apple products were available only through third-party retailers. "Being good to your employees will always be good for business," Angela Ahrendts, Apple's senior vice president of retail, told Fast Company last year. Apple's webpage dedicated to its one-day shopping event this Friday.Apple But this year, it seems, Black Friday is too good a retail opportunity to miss. The webpage announcing the event says: "Friday can't come soon enough. Our one-day shopping event will be here before you know it. Come back this Friday to check everyone off your list." The best discounts on Apple products, however, aren't always from the Apple store, according to DealNews features editor Benjamin Glaser. "Everything from iPads to Apple Watches can be a great buy on Black Friday, with two big qualifiers: Buy one generation old, and don't buy from the Apple Store," Glaser said. "Brand-new devices don't see as significant discounts, and the Apple Store is always undercut by resellers like Best Buy and Micro Center." Third-party retailers have already been selling discounted Apple products this year. Target's Black Friday deals, which include discounts on Apple TV models and the Apple Watch Series 1, began almost two weeks ago. NOW WATCH: Here’s why airlines make you put your phone on ‘Airplane Mode’ Loading video... More: Apple Black Friday facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Apple just announced it's doing Black Friday after dropping the event last year Apple just announced it's doing Black Friday after dropping the event last year Apple announced a one-day shopping event this... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured 5 innovations in radiology that could impact everything from the Zika virus to dermatology More "Digital Industry Insider" » Keep tabs on the latest from Business Insider in our new Chrome Extension More "BI Innovations" » Get Advertising Emails & Alerts Newsletter-controller Sign-Up Learn More » Advertising Select Advertising: The Brief More Featured 10 Things Before the Opening Bell BI Intelligence Daily Business Insider Select Digital Industry Insider Instant MBA Markets Chart Of The Day Business Insider Events Tech Chart Of The Day Tech Select Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Strategy 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Advertising Select Careers Select Retail Select Strategy Select Life Breaking News Education Select Entertainment Select Life Select Tech Digital Media Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Enterprise Select Fintech Briefing IoT Chart of the Day Mobile Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Science Select Finance Finance Insider Markets Select Smart Investor Your Money Select Politics Military Select Politics Select Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Sports Sports Letter to My Younger Self Basketball great Ray Allen: ’Do you want to fit in, or do you want to embark on the lonely pursuit of greatness?' Read Allen's letter to his teenage self » Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iPad Air 2 iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS Sierra Retina MacBook tvOS 10 watchOS 3 Buyer's Guide Forums iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s Retina MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air Apple VR Project iMac iPad Air 2 Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > Apple Exploring Possibility of Foldable iPhone With Flexible Display Tuesday November 22, 2016 3:56 AM PST by Tim Hardwick The U.S. Patent and Trademark Office published an Apple patent on Tuesday that shows the company has been researching a foldable iPhone design that uses a flexible OLED display. First spotted by AppleInsider, a patent titled "Flexible display devices" describes an iPhone design that folds in two when not in use, reminiscent of the old clamshell cellphones Motorola used to make in the 1990s. Apple's version utilizes a number of flexible parts including an OLED and a hinged metal support structure, made in one example of a nickel and titanium alloy known as nitinol, which has special elastic properties. Flexible polymers are used in alternative embodiments. Apple envisions that the upper housing could include cameras, display controllers, speaker modules and light sensors, with the lower section of the chassis containing microphones, CPU and graphics processor, along with vibrating and other typical smartphone mechanisms. The two sections connect via a single- or multi-shaft hinge that allows them to rotate relative to each other, while flexible printed circuit boards keep the connection intact. The flexible display meanwhile runs over the two sections and includes extra material to support two or more folding configurations. Apart from the the more familiar clamshell folding system, the patent describes how the display could fold outward, allowing both halves of the screen to remain accessible when the phone is closed shut. This second configuration also includes clips for fixing to the user's clothing. Later in the patent, Apple explores other more elaborate embodiments including a two-hinge design vaguely reminiscent of a Jacob's Ladder toy, and goes on to consider cover glass and viewing angle details. The patent is more a point of interest rather than an indication that Apple is set to release a foldable phone, however the research could make its way into other products. The technology could be implemented in a large iPad that folds away, for example. In addition, next year's 10th anniversary "iPhone 8" is expected to include a flexible OLED display, but the traditional overall form factor will most likely remain. Tag: patent 41 comments Top Rated Comments (View all) dannys1 6 weeks ago I yearn for the day where we carry around tiny phones again...perhaps foldable is the answer eventually. Rating: 14 Votes vertsix 6 weeks ago Oh no. Samsung will come out with this first now that it is reported here. Samsung has already developed functional flexible displays, buddy. Rating: 11 Votes goomba478 6 weeks ago It's so funny, when watching WestWorld yesterday they had something almost exactly like this and I thought to myself, " I could totally picture Apple making something like this." Make it happen ^_^. Rating: 8 Votes Adithya007 6 weeks ago Still no headphone jack.... Rating: 6 Votes Zackmd1 6 weeks ago If anyone wants to see how something like this could be used, watch WestWorld! In WestWorld, there is an iPad sized device that can fold up via a two hinge mechanism into something about the size of a iPhone plus. I would love to have something like this! Maybe one day..... Rating: 6 Votes Sunnysunnysingh 6 weeks ago Waiting for the bezel less iPhone Rating: 3 Votes Aml216 6 weeks ago Won't be implemented for another 4-5 years. Rating: 2 Votes blacktape242 6 weeks ago isn't that called a flip phone? Rating: 2 Votes Speedy Dingo 6 weeks ago Where do you put the battery? Or will that also require a dongle in the future? :p Rating: 2 Votes Roller 6 weeks ago So it'll be half as thin as the current iPhone when it's unfolded. Rating: 2 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming iMac Early 2017 Updated models with AMD graphics options expected in early 2017. iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 New glass-backed design rumored to lose the Home button. Front Page Stories LG and Dell to Showcase Latest USB-C Displays for New MacBook Pro at CES This Week 5 hours ago on Front Page CES 2017 kicks off in Las Vegas this week, and a handful of USB-C displays compatible with the new MacBook Pro will be unveiled at the show. USB-C displays display up to 4K video, transfer data, and... 72 comments Apple Announces Chinese New Year Event Featuring Free Beats Solo3 Headphones With Mac or iPhone Purchase 6 hours ago on Front Page Apple today announced an upcoming one-day sale in celebration of Chinese New Year, where the company will provide free Beats Solo3 Wireless On-Ear Headphones in red to all customers who purchase a... 27 comments Samsung to Reveal Results of Galaxy Note7 Fire Investigation Later This Month 10 hours ago on Front Page Samsung will announce later this month the results of an investigation into what caused some of its Galaxy Note7 smartphones to catch fire, according to South Korean newspaper JoongAng Ilbo. ... 114 comments What Do You Want to See From Apple in 2017? 2 days ago on Front Page We've covered what we expect to see from Apple in 2017 based on the rumors that are circulating so far in our recent What to Expect post. On the horizon are a new iPhone 8 with a radically... 484 comments Apple Rumored to Begin Seeding iOS 10.3 With New 'Theatre' Mode on January 10 3 days ago on Front Page Apple is preparing to begin seeding builds of iOS 10.3 to developers as soon as next month, according to Sonny Dickson, who has occasionally offered accurate information on Apple's plans from... 121 comments What to Expect From Apple in 2017: iPhone 8, 10-Inch iPad Pro, Refreshed iMacs, and More 3 days ago on Front Page With the launch of the iPhone 7 and MacBook Pro, 2016 has been a mixed year for Apple. The iPhone 7 was released without a headphone jack, an unpopular choice that's now been somewhat ameliorated... 476 comments LG's UltraFine 5K Display Is a Worthy Companion to the New MacBook Pro, Even Without Apple's Looks 3 days ago on Front Page At Apple's MacBook Pro media event back in October, the company unveiled a pair of LG-branded high-resolution displays it co-developed with the display manufacturer. The UltraFine 5K and 4K... 191 comments Apple Will Reduce iPhone 7 Production By 10% in Early 2017 Due to 'Sluggish' Sales 3 days ago on Front Page Apple plans to reduce production of the iPhone line by 10 percent beginning in the first quarter of 2017, according to supplier data collected by Nikkei. Apple is said to have experienced a similar... 362 comments • AirPods Supplier Increasing Production Capacity Due to Strong Demand (202) • Here's a Detailed Aerial Photograph of Apple Campus 2 (136) • New Report Delves Into Inner Workings of Foxconn's Zhengzhou iPhone Plant (97) • Samsung Again Rumored to Be Exclusive Supplier of 5.8-Inch OLED Displays for 2017 iPhone (128) • iPhone 7's Lack of 'Compelling' Features Convinced Most Galaxy Note7 Owners to Stay With Samsung (494) • Apple CEO Tim Cook Calls AirPods 'A Runaway Success,' Says 'It's Been a Great Holiday' (351) • Some AirPods Users Facing Battery Drain Issues With Charging Case (247)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Husain Sumra Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade 'Snowball!' Review - Pinball in a Winter Wonderland 'Island Delta' Review - Heavy is the Hand That Wields the Gravity Gun Update Mondays: 'Daddy Long Legs', 'Subway Surfers', 'Shadowverse', 'Warp Shift', and (Not Many) More 2016 Recap, Best of and Best Stories - The TouchArcade Show #288 TouchArcade Needs Your Help - Tell Your Friends and Support Our Patreon TouchArcade Game of the Week: 'Don't Starve: Shipwrecked' AppShopper Apple Announces New iPhone 6s with 3D Touch Apple Announces iPad Pro with 12.9-inch Retina Display Apple Announces iOS 9, Bringing Split-Screen Multi-tasking to iPad Apple Announces Mac OS X 10.11 'El Capitan' Apple Watch Pre-Orders to Open on April 10, Available Starting on April 24 Apple Announces New 12-inch MacBook with Retina Display Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
International Business Times UK UK LATEST NEWS Crime Property Culture Royalty World Latest News USA Europe Asia Africa Middle East The Americas Business LATEST NEWS Economy Companies Markets Finance Regulation Politics LATEST NEWS Fintech Latest news Blockchain Cryptocurrency Technology LATEST NEWS Smartphones Cybersecurity Innovation Social Media Games Motoring Science LATEST NEWS Space Environment Health Nature Archaeology Sport LATEST NEWS Football Tennis Golf Cricket F1 UFC Entertainment LATEST NEWS Movies Celebrity TV Music WWE Opinion LATEST NEWS Interview Analysis Reviews Video LATEST NEWS Business Technology Science Sport Entertainment Pictures LATEST NEWS Conflict Travel Arts Science Animal & Wildlife Photography Competition Log out Newsletter Signup Search Technology Apple Apple kills off its AirPort wireless routers Over the past year the company has dissolved its wireless router team. By Sarmistha Acharya November 22, 2016 11:34 GMT Apple could kill its wireless routersApple Apple has reportedly abandoned the development of wireless routers. Over the past year, the company began shutting down its wireless router team and moved engineers to other product development groups such as the Apple TV unit. Apple has not released updates to its routers since 2013. The latest disclosure is made by Bloomberg, citing sources who did not wish to be named. The report claims the decision to dissolve the team suggests the company is not planning a new version of routers. The company is currently selling three wireless routers; AirPort Express, Extreme and Time capsule, costing £79 ($98), £169 and £249 (for 2TB version) respectively. These products, which are a part of Apple's other products, contribute to a very small part of the company's total revenue. The Other Products category includes Apple Watch and TV that generated $11.1bn in 2016, representing 5% of its total sales. Some features of the AirPort routers such as music playback requires an iPhone or Mac. If the company ditches its wireless routers, it could be a reason for some people to use other phones and PCs. The AirPorts lagged behind companies such as D-Link, Netgear and Belkin International, which have adopted new standards of technology for their routers. Apple, on the other hand, has focused more on integrating control of its devices into its computer operating system and industrial design. So Apple's decision to drop the business could be a boon for other wireless routers. Apple stopped manufacturing external monitors and in October introduced a new strategy for selling them to professional users by launching a new large, high-resolution screen with LG. The monitors come in different sizes such as 21.5in and 27in, with 4K and 5K resolutions respectively. These monitors carry the LG branding but would be sold through Apple retail stores initially. They are compatible with 12in MacBooks and the latest MacBook Pros. More from IBTimes UK This three-second video can crash almost every iPhone ever made Apple offers free battery replacements for iPhone 6s users facing shutdowns Apple removed more than 47,000 outdated apps from App Store in October Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close Watch IBTimes UK try out PlayStation VR with Battlezone, Batman and more Columnists Laura Davis “What are the biggest challenges for women in 2017? READ MORE IBT Media to host AI and Data Science in Capital Markets event AI and Data Science in Capital Markets takes place 1-2 March 2017 at... IBTimes UK's top 10 best games of 2016 The IBTimes team looks back at their favourite games. Kissenger: The gadget that stimulates your long-distance lover when you kiss through your phone Researchers claim that the device provides a two-way interaction just... OnePlus 3T and 3 getting official Android 7.0 Nougat OTA update The update brings multi-window view and notification direct reply... Smart devices may soon provide UK police with evidence of crime – report Digital forensic evidence of crime scenes could be used by detectives... Video game preview 2017: Part 1 – Crackdown 3, Ghost Recon Wildlands, Tekken 7 and more The IBTimes UK gaming team kicks off its preview of the most exciting... WhatsApp might stop working for older Android, iPhones and Windows devices WhatsApp has extended support for some devices until 30 June, 2017. Booz Allen subcontracted firm leaked classified US military personnel data – Report The data breach reportedly exposed personal and sensitive data of... Russian hacking of US electricity grid turns out to be a fake news report The Washington Post, which published the report, has issued a note... Donald Trump says he will reveal 'things that other people don't know' about US election hacking Trump urges people to avoid using computers when dealing with... Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2016 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS
Premium News Sport Business Money Opinion Obituaries Travel Tech & Science Culture Film TV Lifestyle Fashion Luxury Cars Video Christmas Free Mobile App Jobs Financial Services Rewards Events Dating Offers Shop Garden Shop Bookshop Box Office Puzzles Fantasy Football Wine Shop Work at The Telegraph Log out My Account Subscribe Rewards Video Login Register Subscribe Rewards Video Log out Rewards My Account Video Home News Sport Business ALL SECTIONS Business Black Friday and Cyber Monday Telegraph Business Black Friday and Cyber Monday Apple hints at one-day Black Friday sale - but will its discounts be better than those already on offer?  Telegraph Reporters 24 November 2016 • 2:27pm Friday can't come soon enough - well that's what Apple says, anyway.  After staying away from the madness that is Black Friday in 2015, the American tech giant has decided to get back involved in the one-day sales event on November 25.  Details are few and far between, but Apple's newly-launched Black Friday page hints at deals on Christmas gift collections, photography, games, toys and music. Apple also says it's offering free next-day delivery on orders over £40. In previous years, the company has offered small discounts on its sought-after products, and occasionally a free gift-card thrown in - but customers are hoping for more this year.  Fingers crossed for decent discounts on iPhones, iPads, Apple Watch, MacBooks, headphones, speakers and other tech.  If you can't wait until Friday, a host of other high street shops are already offering Black Friday deals on Apple products, including Amazon, Tesco and Currys PC World - and we've rounded up the best we can find here.    Black Friday counter MacBooks Amazon  Apple Macbook Pro 13 inch Laptop 128 GB, silver 2015 - was £1,249 now £1,041 (17 percent saving) The 2015 model, with a 2.7 GHz processor, intel core i5, 8 GB of internal memory and 128 GB of storage.  Apple Macbook 12 inch Laptop 512 GB, Space Grey 2016 - was £1,549 now £1,394 (10 percent saving)  Macbook Pro Currys PC World APPLE MacBook 12" - Rose Gold - £1,249, but you get £100 off this if you enter the code MAC100 at the checkout.  Costco Apple MacBook Air 128GB - was £899 now £869  In short, the Macbook Air is a thinner and lighter version of the Pro, albeit with a few minor omissions in terms of features available. Comes with 12 hours of battery life, and is an ideal investment for a young professional or student on the go.  Black Friday deals guide iPhone 6 Three  Iphone SE 16 GB - First three months free. £21 a month with £19 upfront cost (saving £172) Iphone SE 64 GB - First three months free. £26 a month with £19 upfront cost (saving £187) Carphone Warehouse  Iphone 6S - Was £28 per month with £259 upfront cost now £28 with £59 upfront cost (£200 saving) Argos  Sim Free Apple iPhone 6s 16GB Mobile Phone, Silver -  was £539 now £479 (11 percent saving)  Tesco Mobile  Iphone 6 16 GB - now £469  iPhone 6 iPads  Argos iPad Air 2 wi-fi 128GB, silver - was £509 now £469 (7 percent saving)  This model is powerful, responsive, and yet incredibly light weight. The iPad Air 2 also comes with wi-fi installed - a bonus for those on the move.   Currys PC World Apple iPad mini 2 32GB, silver - was £259 now £239 (7 percent saving)  Black Friday | Advice for shoppers Apple watch Apple Watch  Argos  Apple Watch 42mm Stainess Steel Case & White Leather Loop - was £599 now £529 (11 percent saving) Apple Watch 38mm Stainless Steel Case and Red Band - was £479 now £399 (14 percent saving)  Apple Watch 38mm Stainless Steel Case and Red Band  Follow The Telegraph READ MORE ABOUT: Mobile phones Apple Watch iPad Laptops Amazon MacBook Apple iPhone Show more Black Friday and Cyber Monday latest 28 Dec 2016, 10:38am Boxing Day sales 'ruined' as a fifth of bargains still stuck in warehouses 15 Dec 2016, 12:31pm Stronger pound to help limit inflation overshoot, says BoE as it holds interest rates at 0.25pc 07 Dec 2016, 10:09am The best wireless earphones and AirPod alternatives for Christmas 2016 06 Dec 2016, 9:58am How much should you spend on Christmas presents this year? 29 Nov 2016, 2:16pm When is Black Friday 2017 and how can I find the best deals? 28 Nov 2016, 9:14pm Comment: Neither Boeing nor Airbus can win this tit-for-tat war  Ben Marlow Premium 01:37 28 Nov 2016, 8:17pm What are the best Cyber Monday 2016 deals and where can I find them? 28 Nov 2016, 8:16pm Best Halfords Cyber Monday deals 28 Nov 2016, 8:16pm Best Matalan Cyber Monday deals 28 Nov 2016, 8:14pm Best Carphone Warehouse Cyber Monday deals 28 Nov 2016, 8:11pm Best Cyber Monday PS4 deals - get a Playstation Slim for £189.99 28 Nov 2016, 8:11pm Best Cyber Monday Xbox deals - get an Xbox One 1TB Console for £199 28 Nov 2016, 8:05pm Best Cyber Monday mobile phone deals 28 Nov 2016, 8:03pm Best Currys PC World Cyber Monday deals 28 Nov 2016, 8:00pm Best Tesco Cyber Monday deals  28 Nov 2016, 8:00pm Best Apple Cyber Monday deals - over £200 off Apple Macbook Pro 13 inch Laptop 28 Nov 2016, 7:35pm Best Very.co.uk Cyber Monday deals  28 Nov 2016, 7:26pm Best eBay Cyber Monday deals - get 60 per cent off Sony Sound System 28 Nov 2016, 6:41pm Best Cyber Monday Samsung deals 28 Nov 2016, 6:39pm Best Cyber Monday tablet deals - save £20 on the Amazon Fire Tablet 28 Nov 2016, 6:29pm Best Amazon Cyber Monday deals -get £167 off Oral-B Smart Series 6500 Electric Rechargeable Toothbrush  If you would like to add a comment, please register or log in Register Log in Contact us Rewards Archive Reader Prints Advertising Syndication Guidelines Privacy Terms and Conditions Leave your feedback © Telegraph Media Group Limited 2016 Your support makes a big difference In order to bring you award-winning content and investigative journalism from your favourite writers, we rely on revenue generated by advertising. Please consider supporting us by turning off your ad blocker. Just a couple of clicks will make a big difference. Thank you. Need help? Click here for instructions Close
News Stocks Technology Science Tech Space Human Earth Health Politics World Videos The Tape Latest Follow WSP Newsletter RSS Facebook Twitter Google+ Search for: HomeNewsNFLX Stock: Is Netflix Unstoppable? This Analyst Thinks So NFLX Stock: Is Netflix Unstoppable? This Analyst Thinks So Brean Capital Starts NFLX Stock at Buy with $145 Price Target, Implying 30% Upside from Current Levels, November 22, 2016 Avi Eberstein Netflix Inc (NASDAQ:NFLX) shares vaulted higher by some 3 percent in early afternoon trading on Monday, after Brean Capital’s Alan Gould initiated coverage of the stock with a ‘Buy’ rating and $145 price target. The streaming giant “has created an unstoppable lead in the internet TV business and is positioned to dominate the business long term,” Gould told investors in a research note. The analyst also touched on the company’s massive spending — estimated to reach $25 billion annually five years from now — saying, Los Gatos is “on a path to become the largest spender on entertainment content creating a content moat” to competition. Gould believes that while international losses and investment in original content make Netflix’s stock appear expensive on traditional metrics, after 15 years, it will have 300 million users around the world and generate $19 in revenue per user, for a 29% EBIT margin/operating profitability as a percentage of total revenue, and $25 per share in EPS. Meanwhile, in related news, Short Hills Capital Partners founder Stephen Weiss said on CNBC’s “Halftime Report” this afternoon that Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) should buy Netflix to help it with the growth that it’s been missing. According to Weiss, a Netflix acquisition would make “perfect sense” because it brings relevancy to Apple’s service business, a division that is growing quickly and is currently Cupertino’s second-largest behind the iPhone. Speaking of Apple ; Oppenheimer’s Andrew Uerkwitz told investors in a research note this morning that as the next decade of the iPhone approaches – the iPhone turns 10 in 2017- Cupertino is about to embark on a decade-long malaise as it remains overly dependent on its flagship device. Uerkwitz also said he believes Apple “lacks the courage” to lead the next generation of innovation such as AI, cloud services and messaging. Instead, the analyst sees Apple becoming more reliant than ever on the iPhone, whose sales he projects will peak in FY2018 at 245 million units. Over the next decade, Uerkwitz believes Apple stock will generally underperform the market. He acknowledged however, the name did and could outperform in years with radical redesigns. Stock Action Apple shares recently lost $0.05 to $111.70. The stock is down 5.28% year-over-year and has gained roughly 7% year-to-date. In the past 52 weeks, shares of Cupertino, California-based company have traded between a low of $89.47 and a high of $119.92. Apple closed Monday at $111.73. The name has a total market cap of about $596 billion. Meanwhile, at last check, Netflix stock was up $2.64 at $117.85 on heavy volume. Midway through trading Monday, 4.8 million shares of Netflix Inc. had exchanged hands as compared to its average daily volume of 10.85 million shares. The stock ranged in a price between $116.19 to $118.72 after having opened the day at $116.20 as compared to the previous trading day’s close of $115.21. In the past 52 weeks, shares of Los Gatos, California-based company have traded between a low of $79.95 and a high of $133.27. Shares are down 4.71% year-over-year ; up 3.17% year-to-date. AAPL NFLX Previous article Next article Related Articles Business Mark Cuban Says He Is Buying Shares of Netflix (NFLX) October 17, 2014 WSP News Notable Downgrades: Netflix (NFLX), Amazon.com (AMZN), Keurig Green Mountain (GMCR), Cree, Inc. (CREE), Bed Bath & Beyond (BBBY) June 25, 2015 WSP Business Yahoo Reportedly to Get Into TV Programming Game – (YHOO) April 6, 2014 WSP Be the first to comment Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name * Email * Website The Latest World’s First Synthetic Stem Cells Were Just Successfully Implanted January 2, 2017 Reviving Extinct Species Back From The Dead Through Gene Editing January 1, 2017 Best Wireless Routers 2017 January 1, 2017 16 Mind Blowing Facts About Billionaire Warren Buffett You Probably Didn’t Know December 31, 2016 Can The Blockchain Kill Fake News? December 30, 2016 Markets SPY 223.53 -0.82 -0.37% Nikkei 19114.37 -30.77 -0.16% UK 7142.83 +22.57 +0.32% France 4882.38 +20.07 +0.41% Germany 11598.33 +117.27 +1.02% EUR / USD 1.0475 +0.0009 +0.09% GBP / USD 1.2296 +0.0019 +0.15% CAD / USD 0.7453 +0.0021 +0.28% AUD / USD 0.7227 +0.0031 +0.43% Oil Fut 54.07 +0.30 +0.56% Gold Fut 1157.60 -0.50 -0.04% Editor’s Picks Universal Basic Income: Not Just An Idea But A Feasible Solution December 12, 2016 Scientists Take One Giant Step Closer to Free Energy December 9, 2016 Here’s What Oil Did the Last Time OPEC Cut Production December 7, 2016 A Disease Called Aging November 22, 2016 Only 1,000 Years Left, Then It’s Goodbye Humanity November 20, 2016 A Solar Flare Has Cracked The Earth’s Magnetic Field November 8, 2016 Facebook Twitter Google+ Authors Archive Copyright © 2017 Wall Street Pit | Contact Us | Advertise | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
Continue to site >> Login My Account Get Alerts TheStreet Alerts Email Newsletters In Case You Missed It Before the Bell Jim Cramer's Daily Booyah Midday Bell Top 10 Winners & Losers Register For Newsletters Action Alerts PLUS Charitable Trust Portfolio Most Recent Trade Alert 25 Investing Rules 10 Trading Commandments Mad Money Recap Real Money 25 Rules of investing 10 Commandments Stressed Out Stocks Cramer's Blog Investing Much More Cramer Mad Money BizTV Election 2016 ETFs Financial Advisor Center Futures How to Spend Banking Biotech Markets Options Personal Finance Retail Retirement Tech Stock Picks Video Latest News Subscribe SUBSCRIPTION SERVICES Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks SUBSCRIPTION BUNDLES Portfolio PLUS Real Money Pro Portfolio Chairman's Club FREE TheStreet MainStreet Compare All Subscription Services Real Money My 10 Investing Dictums (and a Rant, Too) DJIA S&P 500 NASDAQ Markets Today Apple Offers Free Battery Replacement for iPhone 6S With Unexpected Shutdown Problems Affected customers experiencing the problem can visit an Apple retail store or authorized service provider to check their eligibility for the program. Vicky Huang Nov 21, 2016 10:34 AM EST A week after the China Consumers Association (CCA) asked Apple (AAPL) to investigate into a sudden shutdown problem associated with iPhone 6 and iPhone 6s in China, the tech giant admitted that a very small number of iPhone 6s devices manufactured between September 2015 and October 2015 may unexpectedly shut down, according to a statement posted on Apple's website on Sunday. The Chinese consumer protection group had demanded an answer from Apple within ten days after receiving a considerable number of complaints from users of both devices. The reported problem involves iPhone 6 and 6s shutting down automatically while still retaining a 40% to 50% battery level. The phones could not be turned back on immediately or in some cases even when plugged into chargers. To address the issue, Apple has offered to replace batteries free of charge for eligible affected users worldwide. But a cost may be associated with the repair if the affected iPhones have other unresolved problems such as a cracked screen. Apple is also rolling out a repair program for iPhones plagued by "touch disease," a problem where some iPhone 6 Plus devices may exhibit a flickering gray bar across the top of the screen or experience touch responsiveness issues. Apple said the problem really emerges after users drop the phones multiple times on a hard surface but the company is offering to fix the issue for a service fee of $149 for phones exhibiting such symptoms. The issues surrounding the iPhone comes as China remains an important region for Apple, a holding in Jim Cramer's Action Alerts PLUS Charitable Trust Portfolio, in both manufacturing and consumption of its devices. Both manufacturing and consumption have been called into question, especially under President-elect Donald Trump who has vowed to remake trade agreements between the U.S. and China. "China also represents nearly 20% of Apple's sales. So a trade war would be a big negative, but we also think it's fairly unlikely to happen," explained Jack Mohr, TheStreet's chief investment strategist, in a note Nov. 18. "We think Trump just wants a better peace, and putting the world's largest company, which was U.S.A.-made and remains forever aligned with the country's innovation, would be a major mistake." Apple's main smartphone rival Samsung Electronics had a global recall of around 2.5 million of its flagship Galaxy Note 7 phones in October due to their tendency to catch fire and explode. The company pointed out "a battery cell issue" as the likely root cause for the combustion. Apple said its battery problem is not a "safety issue." If you liked this article you might like Apple, Allergan, Kohl's: Doug Kass' Views Doug Kass shares his thoughts on what was good, bad and ugly in this short, last week of the year. Doug Kass Jan 2, 2017 1:00 AM EST Apple Reportedly Cutting Back Production for the iPhone 7 The electronics giant is reportedly reducing its output of the new iPhone 7 for the first quarter of 2017 because of weaker-than-expected demand. Rachel Aldrich Jan 1, 2017 3:00 PM EST Dow, S&P 500 and Nasdaq Close Out 2016 With Strong Gains Stocks closed lower on the final trading day of 2016, but all three indices close the year with gains. Valerie Young Jan 1, 2017 2:20 PM EST Jack Dorsey Asks: What Do You Want on Twitter? -- Tech Roundup Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey turns to his followers to hear their input on what they want changed or added to the platform. Bret Kenwell Jan 1, 2017 2:00 PM EST You need to LOG IN to edit your watchlist. Stocks you follow Edit Authors you follow Edit My Reading List save an article here Trending 15 Great Jobs Where Workers Can Earn Over $100K a Year Warren Buffett's Top 10 Dividend-Paying Stocks for 2016 15 Foods to Avoid if You Have High Cholesterol Two Epic Retail Predictions for the New Year That Could Make You Gobs of Money Drugstore Chain CVS Poised for a Rebound Advertising Partners Hot Topics Pharma Blue-Chip Cramer on Apple Stocks Under $10 Best High-Yielders Tech Stocks Top Dividend Stocks Home Cramer Banking Biotech Election 2016 ETFs Futures Investing Opinion Personal Finance Retail Tech Video Featured Topics Jim Cramer Mad Money Stock Market Today Dow Jones Today Dividend Stocks Gold Price Silver Prices Copper Prices Oil Prices Sections ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Popular Pages Best Stocks Best Stocks to Buy High Dividend Stocks Stock Market Holidays Earnings Calendar Ex Dividend Date ETF Ratings Mutual Fund Ratings Best Online Brokers Subscriptions Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Portfolio PLUS RMP Portfolio Chairman's Club Stay Connected Feedback About Us Write For TheStreet Investor Relations Advertise Reprints Customer Service Employment Privacy Policy Terms of Use Topic Archive Video Sitemap Data Affiliate Press Room ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Compare Brokers
News London Crime London Mayor Politics Transport Food for London Business Comment Football Arsenal Chelsea Crystal Palace Tottenham Watford West Ham Other sport Going Out Restaurants Pubs & Bars Arts Theatre Film Music Great Days Out Events & Attractions Lifestyle Fashion ES Best Food & Drink Beauty Health & Fitness Travel Design ES Magazine Showbiz Staying In Strictly Come Dancing The X Factor Homes & Property Property News Area Guides Home & Garden Luxury Charity appeal Sign in Register Benefits User policies News Christmas appeal London Crime Politics Transport Education Health Technology Mayor of London Comment Londoner's Diary Football Arsenal Chelsea Tottenham Hotspur Crystal Palace Watford West Ham Transfer News Premier League Championship Sport Rugby Union Tennis Cricket Showbiz Strictly Come Dancing The X Factor One Direction Taylor Swift Kim Kardashian Top Gear Going Out Theatre Awards Restaurants Bars, Pubs & Clubs Arts Theatre Film Music Comedy Events & Attractions Great Days Out Tickets Staying In TV and film Tech and Gaming Music Streaming Books Puzzles & Games Crosswords Competitions Lifestyle Fashion Food & Drink Beauty Health & Fitness Travel Design ES Magazine Dating Motors Shopping ES Best ES Shop Travel Offers Business & Money Money Transfers Business Directory Health insurance Homes & Property Property news Area guides Home & garden Luxury Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. Lifestyle London Life How Google and Facebook's new offices are redefining the tech workplace Apple is colonising Battersea Power Station, Google's taking over King's Cross and Facebook is headed for Fitzrovia - the tech super-office is here, says Lucy Tobin Lucy Tobin Tuesday 22 November 2016 12:15 BST The giants are coming Paul Dallimore There was a time when Canary Wharf’s gleaming tower blocks were the capital’s flashiest offices: glassy pinnacles with stunning views over London. But then a booming tech industry killed off such corporate grey spaces by building offices staff actually wanted to work in. Competing with each other, as well as the biggest banks, tech companies had to get creative in order to lure the brightest developers.  But the fight for the title of London’s best office is about to get tougher. Apple is becoming the biggest office tenant in Battersea Power Station, creating its new London headquarters in the famed Grade II-listed building, where 1,400 staff will work across six floors.  Hot on its heels, Facebook announced plans yesterday to hire another 500 staff, including engineers, marketers and sales teams, to work in the dazzling new Fitzrovia HQ it’s due to open next year.  Google chief executive Sundar Pichai, meanwhile, has just unveiled plans for the internet giant’s new £1 billion, 10-storey, 650,000 sq ft King’s Cross headquarters. Google ditched earlier plans for being “too boring” (despite including a rooftop pool, indoor football pitch and private climbing wall) — but now it’s pressing ahead with new (st)architects.  Read more Facebook shrugs off Brexit and announces London recruitment spree All three firms are chucking seven- or even eight-figure sums at their new offices (despite all being accused of tax avoidance in the UK). Now the question dividing tech city is, whose office will be the best? The architecture Google’s King’s Cross campus might have the ease of a new-build but Apple staff will be working in Sir Giles Gilbert Scott’s redeveloped Art Deco masterpiece — one that starred on the cover of Pink Floyd’s 1977 album, Animals. Battersea Power Station stopped lighting up London in 1983 but its Malaysian owners are transforming it into a new 42-acre zone with 250 new flats (celebrity neighbours will include Sting and Bear Grylls), offices, three floors of shops (the promise is they’ll be village-style with no major chain stores), a 2,000-seater auditorium and cinemas.  Apple staff will also have access to a “garden square in the sky” and a “great glass elevator” in one of the power station’s chimneys. Their six floors of office space will be in the Boiler House, the centrepiece of the £9 billion redevelopment, designed by architects Wilkinson Eyre, which was also behind the London 2012 basketball arena. But it’s Google which has nabbed London’s most famous designer: Olympic cauldron-artist Thomas Heatherwick, who’s also working on the Garden Bridge, will work with New York/Scandi firm Bjarke Ingels Group (BIG) on the King’s Cross project.  The 10-storey block will be Google’s first purpose-built building outside the US, where the designers are building the company’s new Californian HQ. Facebook, meanwhile, had less say in the architecture of Rathbone Square, being developed by London-listed property firm Great Portland Estates. Its six floors of offices will surround one of the first new squares in London for a century, and it’s o n the doorstep of the new Crossrail rail station, with a direct link to Heathrow. An artist's impression of the new Google office at King's Cross (Google) The design “Apple’s architectural design goes back to the demands of Steve Jobs: ‘simple, simple, simple’,” according to Dara Huang, founder of architects Design Haus Liberty, which is behind tech offices including Lyst and One Fine Stay. “Just like its pared-back stores, Apple wants the [Battersea] offices to be very minimal, easy to circulate, very clean, well-lit — and very white.”  While the firm is keeping its design plans top-secret (office-fitter Fourfront Group has been bought in for the design but had to sign a non-disclosure agreement) Apple loves “huge floor-to-ceiling height” Huang adds, “and it’ll keep the roughness of the bricks and structure of the power station”.  Colour fans will have more to enjoy at Google. Taking inspiration from its multicoloured logo, Google is “all about being fun, and BIG and Heatherwick’s designs are always bold, statement-making and avant-garde”, says Huang.  Facebook’s offices, though, are “a lot less exciting,” he says. “The perks are all there but in terms of architecture it’s less of a priority: I went to school with [founder Mark] Zuckerberg, and he’s less transparent about having a set design. Facebook’s new HQ will be a typical tech office space, nothing groundbreaking but not corporate either — an industralised look, with exposed ceilings.” The vision Read more Google confirms new London HQ and 3,000 jobs Google VR headset launches... and even has a reasonable pricetag Boutique hotel-style offices launch for those put off by hipsters Apple is moving its 1,400 London staff out of their current bases and into Battersea. Some 1,100 shopfloor staff are staying put but there are plans for expansion in the future: the new digs will have space for 3,000 employees. Google has already moved 2,500 staff into one 380,000 sq ft development at 6 Pancras Square, its largest in Europe. It’s due to move into a second building nearby in 2018, and its third HQ will mean the King’s Cross campus will eventually house 7,000 Google techies, across a million square feet.  Facebook, meanwhile, has taken 230,000 sq ft of office space at One Rathbone Square, a former Royal Mail depot, paying £17 million a year rent (although it’s wangled the first 30 months free). Staff are expected to move in after the building’s completion next year, and Facebook has signed a 15-year deal for the site — which also features 142 flats, shops, and a public garden square.  London's new private members clubs 10 show all London's new private members clubs 1/10 The Devonshire Club Opened: June 2016 Who’s behind it? Property consultancy SUSD and Brian Clivaz, co-founder of Home House and chief executive of Soho’s L’Escargot. Who’s it for? This is “the focal point where those with Mayfair style and glamour meet East-End chic”, says Clivaz. That means “financiers and city professionals” but also “creative executives from Shoreditch and Hoxton”. Where is it? An 18th-century former East India Company warehouse and large Georgian townhouse on Devonshire Square in the City. 2/10 The Devonshire Club What do you get? A library and private meeting rooms; secret garden; blow-dry and brow bar, gym and yoga studio, and 68 bedrooms. There’s curious-sounding “St James’s meets St Tropez with an Asian twist” food from former L’Escargot head chef Oliver Lesnik in the brasserie restaurant. And besides the facilities? Events include a “Monthly Tech Mingle” networking party and private events. What’s more, they proclaim that “rules are made to be broken”, which means that mobile phone usage is permitted, there’s no dress code and dogs are allowed. Membership fees: £2,400 a year, £2,400 joining fee. 3/10 Quo Vadis (Re)opened: September 2016 Who’s behind it? Brothers Sam and Eddie Hart and chef Jeremy Lee, who also own the Barrafina chain. Where is it? Quo Vadis has been on Soho’s Dean Street since 1926 and Karl Marx lived in the building in the 19th century. It’s re-opening after a big refurb for its 90th birthday. Who’s it for? Foodie types. Barrafina serves the finest tapas in London and its former outpost in Frith Street is moving into the building. Lee, meanwhile, is all about seasonal British cuisine. While the downstairs restaurant is open to all, members will have an additional 26-cover dining room upstairs. And this is Soho, so expect maximum eclecticism alongside the media types. 4/10 Quo Vadis What do you get? The private restaurant, a late-night bar serving Duke’s infamous martinis, and the chance to admire works by resident artist John Broadly. And besides the facilities? Food events — from special dinners with Angela Hartnett to a Negroni championship later this year and foraging trips. Membership fees: £500 a year or £650 for couples. 5/10 Neuehouse Opening: late 2016 Who’s behind it? American tech entrepreneurs Joshua Abram and Alan Murray, founders of Neuehouse New York and LA. Who’s it for? “Collaborators” and networkers: this is shared office space for creative freelancers. “The first rule is to be nice and have manners,” says Abram. What’s not nice or good-mannered is sloppy dressing. Michelle Grey, NeueHouse’s global creative director, says: “It’s important in life to dress well...fashion is a great template for expressing your inner creativity.” Gym kit isn’t permitted and shoes must be worn at all times (sorry, Steve Hilton). Where is it? The Art Deco Adelphi building just off the Strand, once home to Thomas Hardy. 6/10 Neuehouse What do you get? Every tool a start-up, social media co-ordinator or vlogger could need: rentable private offices, studios, event spaces, screening room — and a florist, for getting in touch with your inner petunia. And besides the facilities? “If you don’t have time to go to the gallery or museum, we’ll bring it to you,” Abram has said. The New York branch has hosted talks by Sir Salman Rushdie and designer Sir Paul Smith. Membership fees: Its New York rates start at $200 a month. 7/10 Ned’s Club at The Ned Opening: early 2017 Who’s behind it? Soho House’s Nick Jones and the Sydell Group, owner of Manhattan’s NoMad. The Ned is independent from the Soho House Group. Who’s it for? While Soho house has a policy of only admitting members with creative backgrounds, The Ned welcomes anyone appreciative of their gorgeous decor, food, and general vibes. Where is it? The 1920s former Midland Bank building in the City designed by Sir Edwin “Ned” Lutyens. 8/10 Ned’s Club at The Ned What do you get? Everything you could possibly need under one roof, and loads of it: 252 bedrooms; seven restaurants serving everything from ramen to Reubens; eight beauty treatment rooms; two swimming pools; a gym with a boxing ring and a Turkish hammam. The building also houses the original bank vault, with a 2m-wide, 20-ton door, which will be turned into a late-night bar. And besides the facilities? Given that the likes of Victoria Beckham have previously hosted fashion breakfasts at Soho House, you can expect a seriously impressive range of top-notch cultural events. Membership fees: Not confirmed, but membership for Soho House starts at £1,000 a year. 9/10 Chess Club Mayfair Opening: December 2016 Who’s behind it? Expect extreme debauchery and even more extreme cocktails: this is a collaboration between the Experimental Cocktail Club brothers and Francesca “Chess” Zampi of The Box. Where is it? Chesterfield Street, in the heart of old-school Mayfair clubland. The building was previously home to the Rags Club. Who’s it for? Zampi wants “people from all walks of life — we don’t want people who think the same way as us”. 10/10 Chess Club Mayfair What do you get? Somewhere designed for the user, which ECC’s Romée de Goriainoff reckons isn’t always the case in members’ clubs. That means a brilliant drinks list, with ECC classics and affordable wine. It also means stellar food, courtesy of Zampi’s pal Jackson Boxer. The Brunswick House chef will be plating up vegetable-centric seasonal ingredients, although Chess Club philosophy is that “the most delicious part of any meal should be the company shared”. And besides the facilities? Besides the awesome cocktails, you mean? Comedy nights and, given the name, it would be rude not to crack out a late-night board game. Membership fees: About £500 a year. The perks The first building of Google’s King’s Cross base — for 2,500 staff including software engineers and coders working on Android — is already up and running, and the bonus bar is high. There are £5,500 Metronap “sleep pods”, a top-of-the-range gym, spinning studio, a 90m indoor running track (when you see the free food, you realise Googlers need it), on-site cookery and butchery lessons by former Jamie Oliver chef Dan Batten. There’s also a huge roof terrace — which has lightning-speed internet just in case you were thinking of switching off from work.  Then there are Vitra designer sofas (up to £17,000 each), standing desks, massage rooms and huge free lunches — think juice bars, Ottolenghi-style salads and barista coffee stations.  At Facebook’s Tottenham Court Road offices staff enjoy free lunches, a big pick ’n’ mix station, and more toiletries than the average five-star hotel. But expect more from the new space: Facebook is likely to ape its New York HQ, where there’s an office library, free snack bars, a canteen with pizza station, subway-themed food trucks, a salad bar, homemade frozen yogurt and an in-house pastry chef. There are free vending machines and art everywhere — even an in-house poster-making lab to decorate your desk area.  At Apple, staff admit the perks are less exciting: big discounts on i-products, good healthcare, lots of training, and the odd free apple. “But the best thing is you’re working with the greatest minds in the most exciting environment,” one employee tells me. Expansion: the new Google offices will be alongside the Pancras Square headquarters opened in June (Google) The place As part of the Nine Elms redevelopment, Battersea Power Station is becoming one of London’s priciest postcodes. But while it’s a historic building and the site will feature apartments, hotels, parks, other offices, and a new Tube extension, it’s still some way from major transport hubs.  In Tottenham Court Road, Facebook should benefit from Crossrail, with the old proliferation of electrical stores and furniture chains making way for new shops, restaurants and a 34,000 sq ft theatre on the site of the old Astoria. One of the reasons Google picked King’s Cross was its proximity to the St Pancras Eurostar route. With cult Dishoom and Grain Store restaurants and an established street food market drawing techies to lunch, the area has a buzz that’s well ahead of Nine Elms. Google wins that battle — but the ultimate coolest office victor is yet to be seen. Follow Lucy Tobin on Twitter: @lucytobin More about: Google Facebook. Work Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: All Topics All Authors Archive Terms of use Contact Us Privacy policy Cookie policy Code of Conduct & Complaints Advertisers Promotion rules Contributors Syndication Business Connections Homes & Property Jobs London Live The Independent This is London Magazine indy100 Install our apps Close We have noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Free access to Standard.co.uk’s comprehensive package of news, sport and entertainment relies on advertising revenue. This allows us to invest in the best writers, pictures and videos. To continue viewing the site please disable your ad blocker for Standard.co.uk. Need help to do this? Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for standard.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on standard.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add standard.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting standard.co.uk Continue to our site
IE Home Nation World Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos E-Paper Apps RSS Gadgets Review Photos Videos Mobile & Tabs Science Indian Express Home Home Technology Mobile & Tabs Paytm Big Cashback Sale: Apple iPhone 7, Samsung Galaxy S7 edge and other top deals Paytm Big Cashback Sale: Apple iPhone 7, Samsung Galaxy S7 edge and other top deals Paytm is also holding a contest where it will give away Rs 2,000 every 15 minutes to lucky winners. By: Tech Desk | Updated: November 22, 2016 8:28 pm Paytm is also holding a contest where it will give away Rs 2,000 every 15 minutes to lucky winners. Paytm, on Monday, said it registered over 7 million transactions worth Rs 120 crore in a day thanks to the demonetisation announcement. As people are increasingly depending on e-cash to buy stuff, Paytm has gone a step ahead to announce cashback offers and deals on a range of products including smartphones. Paytm’s ‘Big Cashback Sale’ started on November 22 and will go on till November 24. Paytm is offering deals on several smartphones such as Apple iPhone 7, Apple iPhone 6s, iPhone 5s, Moto G Turbo Edition and more. Paytm is also holding a contest where it will give away Rs 2,000 every 15 minutes to lucky winners. Users will have to shop for Rs 1,000 or more to be eligible. They will receive cashback in their Paytm wallets within 24 hours of the delivery of product. Let us take a look at the top smartphone deals on Paytm: Apple • Apple iPhone 7 (32GB) Gold colour variant can be bought at Rs 59,809 during the sale. Paytm is offering a cashback of Rs 6,500 on this one. The black colour variant can be bought at Rs 59,950 and Paytm is offering a cashback of Rs 6,500. • Apple iPhone 7 (256GB) Black version can be bought at Rs 78,890 and users will get a cashback of Rs 10,000. The Jet Black colour variant is available as well. This one can be bought at Rs 80,000 and Paytm is offering a cashback of Rs 10,000. However, users can only order one unit of iPhone 7 (256GB) per account. • Apple iPhone 7 (128GB) Rose Gold colour option gets 1 per cent discount on Paytm and is available at Rs 69,249. Users will get a cashback of Rs 9,000. Next up is the iPhone 7 (128GB) in Gold colour variant which is available at Rs 69,490. Users will get a cashback of Rs 9,000. The one unit per user is applicable here as well. • Apple iPhone 6s Plus (128GB) Space Grey gets 18 per cent discount and is available at Rs 74,999 on Paytm. • Apple iPhone 6S (16GB) Gold colour variant gets 29 per cent discount, and is available at Rs 44,000. Users will also get a acshback of 7,000. EMI option is available for this one. Also, one user can order a maximum of one unit using an account. • Apple iPhone 6S (64GB) Space Grey can be bought at a discount of 6 per cent. It can be bought for Rs 67,999. Users will also get a cashback of Rs 8,000. • Apple iPhone 6 (16GB) Space Grey colour variant can be bought at Rs 34,415 (12 per cent discount). Users will get Paytm cash worth Rs 5,000 as well. • Apple iPhone 5s (16GB) Space Grey can be bought at Rs 21,259 on Paytm (15 per cent discount). Users will get a cashback of Rs 3,000 on the purchase as well. One user can order a maximum of one unit via an account. Samsung • Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge (32GB) Gold Platinum colour variant gets 15 per cent discount and is o available at Rs 50,900. • Samsung Galaxy A8 (32GB) Gold colour variant is available on 21 per cent discount at Rs 28,000. Users will also get a cashback of 12 per cent. • Samsung Galaxy J7 (16GB) Gold colour variant can be bought at 12 per cent discount at Rs 13,490. Paytm is offering deals on several other smartphones including Lenovo Vibe K4 Note, Moto G Turbo Edition, Asus ZenFone 3, Vivo V3 Max, Vivo V3, Sony Xperia XA Ultra Dual, Oppo F1s and more. HTC, Micromax, BlackBerry, Intex, Lava, Asus, InFocus and Panasonic smartphones are listed for deals as well. © The Indian Express Online Media Pvt Ltd Tags: Apple Paytm Samsung Best of Express PM Modi frames UP fight: Growth exiled for 14 yrs, give us majority EntertainmentDangal box office collection day 11: Aamir Khan film all set to take over Sultan as biggest hit of 2016 EntertainmentRaees: Dear Shah Rukh Khan, why are you so 'Zaalim' on us? EntertainmentBollywood shocked at Abis Rizvi's death in Istanbul terror attack EntertainmentAkshay Kumar's calender break-up of his films will leave you amazed Must Read SportsSC sacks BCCI chief, secy; Anurag says ‘all the best’ SportsBCCI's top two down; cricket’s non-playing XI panics Sports'Let the new administrators amend the constitution' TechnologySamsung Galaxy A7, Galaxy A5, Galaxy A3 (2017) launched ahead of CES 2017 TechnologyBHIM app duplicates are all over Google Play Store: Here's how to avoid TechnologyWhatsApp stops working in older iPhones, Android handsets Lifestyle9th edition of India Art Fair to start February 2 Jan 03: Latest News Novak Djokovic advances at Qatar Open after slow start Asia stocks see subdued start to 2017, dollar resumes climb Huge wildfire destroys homes in Chile tourist city Oil prices rise as markets eye OPEC No North Korea missile will be capable of reaching US: Donald Trump                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Trending: Tips for new tech devices IDG Editors on tech trends for '17 Tech luminaries we lost in 2016 Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. Face-off: Oracle vs. HPE for data warehousing Tips on shooting great video with your drone Free tools for your cyber-security efforts 5 tips for succeeding with a virtual workforce More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Home Tech Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Artificial Intelligence Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) CRM Collaboration Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Internet News Analysis Holiday shopping by mobile phone? Beware fake apps and bad Wi-Fi hotspots "Buyer beware" takes on added urgency with more smartphone purchases on Black Friday and Cyber Monday By Matt Hamblen | Follow Senior Editor, Computerworld | Nov 22, 2016 3:00 AM PT Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Credit: REUTERS/Heinz-Peter Bader More like this How to dodge those Black Friday and Cyber Monday shopping hackers 3 security reports about shopping online for Black Friday and Cyber Monday Mobile subscriber identity numbers can be exposed over Wi-Fi Video Inside Google's Loon and Wing Black Friday and Cyber Monday holiday shoppers using smartphones should beware of fake commerce apps and fake Wi-Fi hot spots inside malls, two security firms have warned. Hackers use these fakes to grab account numbers and sensitive personal information. "Cyber criminals are increasing our risk of using mobile devices while shopping, whether it is Black Friday or Cyber Monday," warned Brian Duckering, mobility strategist for Skycure, an enterprise security firm, in a blog. "Going to physical stores and connecting to risky Wi-Fi networks, or shopping online both pose increasing risks we should all be aware of." Skycure, a security company started in 2012, and enterprise security firm RiskIQ said that the smartphone risk is higher this year than in 2015. There are more active cyber criminals and many more shoppers using smartphones to find products and make purchases, either via Wi-Fi in stores or online in other locations. RiskIQ predicted nearly 30% of spending on Black Friday and Cyber Monday will take place on mobile devices. Meanwhile, Skycure cited several analysts who predicted three times as many mobile payments will be conducted in 2016 compared to 2015. Online shopping from all venues totaled $5.8 billion on Black Friday and Cyber Monday in 2015, according to the Adobe Digital Index. The rapid increase in mobile e-commerce is not only because of the increased number of mobile users, but also the increase in minutes spent on a smartphone every day as opposed to a laptop or desktop, said Varun Kohli, vice president of marketing at Skycure, in an interview. "If I'm a hacker I want to maximize my investment and go where the masses are, and the masses are on mobile phones," he said. Many smartphone users compare prices and evaluate products while shopping inside a physical store, which means they are probably connected to a Wi-Fi network. Often, stores and malls offer Wi-Fi for the convenience of customers, but cyber criminals also set up fake Wi-Fi hotspots to be able to steal data. Sometimes the cyber thieves monitor consumer communications over legitimate Wi-Fi hotspots that haven't been properly configured and expose a user's communications openly, Skycure said. When shopping online anywhere, users need to be aware that hackers have set up fake store apps that look like legitimate ones, usually enticing smartphone users with deals and rewards, Skycure added. Based on its own security tests of the nation's busiest malls, Skycure named 10 U.S. physical malls where it found at least five risky Wi-Fi networks to avoid. Fashion Show Mall in Las Vegas was judged the most risky for mobile shoppers, with 14 Wi-Fi networks that were found to be malicious or risky to connect to, based on the hacker signatures Skycure found on them. Tysons Corner Center in McLean, Va., just west of Washington, was judged second by Skycure for risky Wi-Fi networks. The remaining eight malls named in the report are: Yorktown Center in Lombard, Ill.; Town Center at Boca Raton in Boca Raton, Fla ; Sawgrass Mills in Sunrise, Fla.; Mall of America in Bloomington, Minn.; Houston Galleria in Houston, Texas; King of Prussia Mall in King of Prussia, Pa.; Westfield Garden State in Paramus, N.J.; and Memorial City Mall in Houston, Texas. Skycure said hackers also use man-in-the-middle exploits on poorly secured but legitimate Wi-Fi networks to gain access to user data. A hacker will observe unencrypted traffic or even manipulate the content the victim sees online to redirect the user to a malicious website or to download malware. When a hacker sets up a fake Wi-Fi network, the hacker will mimic a legitimate network, often using the same name. Hackers might set up a network that uses the word "free" in the name to lure victims, Skycure said. Even short access to a malicious network may give a hacker enough information to later access bank accounts, social media accounts or corporate accounts. Skycure found fake Wi-Fi networks at these shopping centers: Macysfreewifi at Park Meadows mall in Denver and at the Waterfront mall in Pittsburgh and in other places where there was no Macy's store; Belk_Guest in Columbiana center in North Carolina; Apple Store, in multiple locations where there was no Apple Store; Bloomingdalesfreewifi at Liberty Place in Philadelphia; officedepot in Magnolia Shops near Miami; and Panera near Baltimore. Skycure warned in a white paper: "If you see a Wi-Fi that is named as if it is hosted by a store, but that store is nowhere nearby, don't connect." Also, Wi-Fi hotspots that use the term "free" like "FreePublicWiFi" are dubious. For online shoppers using commerce apps, Skycure said hackers will sometimes repackage legitimate apps so the fake app looks exactly like the real one. The fake app works in the background to steal data or spy on the user. The security firm found a repackaged version of a Starbucks app, for example, and said users can avoid the problem by installing the official app from the Apple and Google app stores. Or, hackers will create fake apps from scratch. One hacker created an app called "Amazon Rewards" even though no such apps exists in the official app stores, Skycure found. Such fake apps promise rewards to get people to download the apps. With the fake Amazon Rewards app, Skycure found it was actually a trojan that spreads by using SMS messages with fake Amazon vouchers and a link to a fake website. It even accesses the user's contact list so that it can send SMS messages to even more people. In a separate report on Monday, RiskIQ found more than 1,000 Black Friday-specific apps that were malicious or that could be used to trick a user into downloading malware or giving up login credentials or credit card information. RiskIQ also found that of the biggest five leading e-commerce brands, there were more than 1 million apps that RiskIQ have been blacklisted that were using the brands in the title of app or the description of the app. That 1 million "is a huge number but we monitor hundreds of online stores and millions of apps," said James Pleger, director of security and threat research at RiskIQ, in an interview. Many of the blacklisted apps can be found in hundreds of third-party app stores outside of the Apple and Google app stores that don't have the most rigid requirements for banning malicious apps, he said. RiskIQ also found that the five major e-commerce brands were connected to nearly 2,000 blacklisted URLs that contained their branded names and the words "Black Friday" that RiskIQ linked to phishing, malware or spam. RiskIQ creates its blacklists by collecting data via scanning, crawling and sensing internet traffic on mobile apps, web pages and social websites. The company runs apps in sandboxes to see how they behave and then looks at underlying code for malicious code tied to known hacker signatures. Skycure developed its list of fake Wi-Fi zones in malls by checking the Wi-Fi networks used by its tens of thousands of enterprise and consumer end users in millions of monthly security tests from July through September. All those users had installed a free Skycure app, available for both consumers and enterprise customers to download from Google Play or Apple App Store or at www.skycure.com. Both companies issued tips for how consumers can protect themselves against fake apps and fake Wi-Fi. To guard against fake or insecure apps they recommend: Download apps only from Google and Apple official app stores. Beware of apps that ask for suspicious permissions like access to contacts, text messages, stored password or credit card information. Be skeptical of favorable reviews for apps, since rave reviews can be forged. Also examine the developer of the app to see if the app comes from an unusual developer or if the app description uses quirky spelling or poor grammar. A Google search will tell more about the developer. Read the warnings on your device and don't click "Continue" if you don't understand the exposure level. Update your device to the most current operating system. Disconnect from the network if your phone behaves oddly, has frequent crashes or receives a warning notice. When visiting shopping sites on the web, look for the "s" in HTTPS when you visit; without the S there could be weak encryption. To protect against fake and insecure Wi-Fi: Avoid "free Wi-Fi networks" since 10% of malicious networks use the word "free" in their name. If a Wi-Fi zone is named as if it is hosted by a store and the store isn't nearby, don't connect. Skycure has posted a handy tool on its website to help users identify mobile threats at any destination. Experts also urged consumers to use common sense. RiskIQ's Pleger suggested the age-old maxim:"If it sounds too good to be true, it probably is." One independent analyst, Jack Gold at J. Gold Associates, noted that both RiskIQ and Skycure sell cybersecurity services and products to enterprises and have a financial stake in drawing attention to risky Wi-Fi and apps. For connecting to free Wi-Fi, he said that there isn't much of a threat in doing a search or getting directions because a user isn't passing important confidential information. "However, if you are connected to a malicious network and you log in to a website or into an app that sends your credentials in the clear, then, yes, this could be compromised," Gold said. "Many apps now use a VPN tunnel that encrypts data but not all do. If you download a malicious app, all bets are off whether you get them from a malicious Wi-Fi network or click and download in the app store." To express your thoughts on Computerworld content, visit Computerworld's Facebook page, LinkedIn page and Twitter stream. Related: Internet Security E-commerce Mobile & Wireless Wireless Networking Senior Editor Matt Hamblen covers mobile and wireless, smartphones and other handhelds, and wireless networking for Computerworld. Review: Microsoft Teams tries to do Slack one better Shop Tech Products at Amazon You Might Like Notice to our Readers We're now using social media to take your comments and feedback. Learn more about this here. What Readers Like Cortana: The spy in Windows 10 Cortana, Windows 10’s built-in virtual assistant, is both really cool and really creepy. Project Fi has a powerful bonus feature hidden in plain sight Chart and image gallery: 30+ free tools for data visualization and analysis Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our daily newsletter Go Why you should start using Google Keep right away Services like Keep, Evernote and Microsoft OneNote are often called "note-taking apps." But they've... Say goodbye to the MS-DOS command prompt It had a good 36-year run, but its day is done. BrandPostsLearn more Sponsored by Sennheiser Audio Conferencing Finally Catches the Digital Transformation Wave Sponsored by VMware AirWatch A More Flexible Approach to App Containerization Popular Resources Black River Case Study Delivering the IT Power for the Anywhere Enterprise IBM Systems and VAI Solution Brief Imperial Bag Case Study Imperial Bag Case Study Go Top Stories Trump offers cybersecurity warning: 'No computer is safe' President-elect Donald Trump weighed in on IT security at a New Year's Eve party, suggesting that the... Face-off: Oracle vs. HPE for data warehousing Considering a data warehouse system? Download this free report for side-by-side comparisons of rival... Making gas stations safe for fraudsters again With soaring online fraud, Mastercard and Visa have done what they can to boost in-store crime. They... 2016: The tech year in cartoons From Microsoft’s push to get users to upgrade to Windows 10 — whether they wanted to or not — to the... Sponsored Links Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
  Home BM Berita Tempatan Pandu Uji Rencana Khas 中文 Malaysian News Car Reviews Features Spyshots Pricelist Cars for Sale Bikes Local Bike News Bike Reviews Videos Walk-Arounds Video Reviews Driven Tech Watches Tools Car Loan Calculator Road Tax Calculator Insurance Calculator Car Market Value Guide Home » Cars » McLaren confirms it met with Apple, but no bid made McLaren confirms it met with Apple, but no bid made In Cars, International News, McLaren / By Anthony Lim / 22 November 2016 7:35 pm / 2 comments Not that it matters now, since Project Titan has been drastically scaled back, but it turns out that McLaren did talk to Apple after all. In September, it was reported that the technology company was said to be in discussions with McLaren Technology Group over a potential acquisition or the possibility of a strategic investment. At that point, Apple had no comment on the matter, but McLaren poured water on the subject by issuing a statement saying that it was not in discussions with Apple, though it didn’t clarify if it had indeed been approached. “We can confirm that McLaren is not in discussion with Apple in respect of any potential investment. As you would expect, the nature of our brand means we regularly have confidential conversations with a wide range of parties, but we keep them confidential,” it had said then. Now, it has been revealed that both companies did meet, but no bid or overtures were made, Reuters reports. According to McLaren CEO Mike Flewitt, it was just a friendly visit. “They visited. We talked. We talked about what they did. We talked about what we did. They toured. It never matured to a definitive proposition,” he said. Flewitt added that there had been a number of bids from other parties, but they were not accepted. Interested parties were said to be eyeing McLaren – which is said to be valued at between £1-£1.5 billion (RM5.5-RM8.25 billion) – for its technology, engineering prowess and patent portfolio. Flewitt indicated that the current shareholders were keen to retain ownership of the company and develop it further. Related Cars for Sale on 2006 Mercedes-Benz SLR McLaren 5.4 V8 Supercharged LIMITED IN WORLD RM 2,078,000 2011 McLaren MP4-12C Stealth Pack 3.8 Twin Turbo RM 1,000,000 Mercedes-Benz SLR McLaren 5.4 V8 Supercharged 2004 RM 1,999,000 2005 Mercedes-Benz SLR McLaren 5.4 V8 Supercharged RM 1,600,000   Anthony Lim believes that nothing is better than a good smoke and a car with character, with good handling aspects being top of the prize heap. Having spent more than a decade and a half with an English tabloid daily never being able to grasp the meaning of brevity or being succinct, he wags his tail furiously at the idea of waffling - in greater detail - about cars and all their intrinsic peculiarities here.   Related Stories All 2 Comments azrai on Nov 23, 2016 at 8:37 am McLaren: “This is a pen..This is an Apple..Huh..PenApple.” Like or Dislike: 0  0 Reply Mikey on Nov 23, 2016 at 4:39 pm McLaren Apple Like or Dislike: 0  0 Reply   Add a comment Cancel reply You can either post as a guest or have an option to register. Among the advantages of registering is once a name has been registered, a guest cannot post using that name. If you have an account, please login before commenting. If you wish to have a profile photo next to your name, register at Gravatar using the same e-mail address you use to comment. Your Name required Your Email required Comment     Previous Post: Minister calls gov’t to make child car seat usage compulsory before its proposed 2019 implementation Next Post: Subaru pick-up rendered, based on Viziv-7 concept Search Our Stories       Local Car Launches Toyota Corolla Altis facelift now on sale, from RM121k 9th December 2016   2017 Maserati Ghibli now in Malaysia, from RM619k 9th December 2016   New Toyota Innova launched in Malaysia, from RM106k – 7 airbags, ESC, Dual VVT-i, more premium interior 5th December 2016   Jaguar F-Pace launched – 340 PS 3.0 V6, from RM599k 30th November 2016   Hyundai Ioniq Hybrid in Malaysia: CKD, 7 airbags, from RM100k; RM111k with AEB and Smart Cruise Control 29th November 2016   Proton Ertiga MPV launched in Malaysia – RM59k-65k 24th November 2016   Mercedes-AMG C 63 Coupe S debuts – RM773,888 17th November 2016   Volkswagen Beetle Dune launched – 50 units, RM180k 16th November 2016   B8 Volkswagen Passat officially launched in Malaysia – three variants, priced from RM161k to RM200k 16th November 2016   Mercedes-Benz GLC Coupe makes its Malaysian debut – single GLC 250 4MATIC variant, RM428,888 27th October 2016                 Home About Us Contact Us Advertise With Us Terms Of Use Disclosure Policy Privacy Policy All Topics Most Popular Posts Thanks for Commenting! :)   Copyright © 2017 Driven Communications Sdn Bhd. All Rights Reserved.
News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. Follow The Sun Your Sun Sign in Editions Scottish Sun Irish Sun The Sun The Scottish Sun The Irish Sun Dream Team Sun Bets Fabulous Sun Favourite Sun Motors Sun Bingo Sun Gifts News Corp WSJ.com New York Post The Australian News.com.au Storyful Harper Collins Realtor.com Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Commissioning Terms Help Hub The Sun, A News UK Company TOP London Set your weather Now 0°C 9pm 0°C Sign in UK Edition Scottish Sun Irish Sun Search Home Football Sport TV & Showbiz Living News Videos Sun Bingo Sun Bets All News All News UK News World News Politics Tech and science Opinion APPLE'S STILL GOT THE TOUCH Macbook Pro ‘Touch Bar’ review reveals the TRUTH about Apple’s innovative laptop Get the lowdown on a revolutionary new feature of the tech giant's flagship computer by ROD CHESTER 22nd November 2016, 11:06 am Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments   Apple launch the new retina desplay Touch Bar on the MacBook Pro WHEN Apple announced the Touch Bar, my thought was this: looks cool but time will tell. Now I’ve spent some time with it, I’m ready to tell you what I've found out. Reuters 5 Phil Schiller, senior vice president of worldwide marketing at Apple, speaks under a graphic of the touchbar of a new MacBook Pro during an Apple media event in Cupertino The Touch Bar is the big feature of the MacBook Pro. And it’s Apple’s answer to those people who ask “why don’t Macs have a touchscreen?”. It  replaces the function keys on the keypad, sitting above the screens. Just like a function key, the Touch Bar offers a shortcut to doing a feature. But the way it offers that is the difference. Function keys are things you just hit, and if you’re a touch typist you can hit some of them without looking. Stephen Lam/Getty Image 5 Smile if you like a new way to use emojis With the Touch Bar you need to look before you hit because what is available on the Touch Bar changes every time you switch programs or go through different levels of menu. And that’s the biggest thing to get your head around when using the Touch Bar for the first time. It’s not the functionality it offers but also that you have to look to see what the functionality is. One of the demos at the launch of the MacBook Pro was how, when sending a message from your MacBook Pro, the Touch Bar gives you easy and instant access to emoji. But switch to Pages and you’ll see formatting commands and then switch to Photos and you can scroll through the photos in your albums or select a photo and edit it using features on the Touch Bar. 5 The new 'Touch Bar' which will replace the function keys on the Apple Macbook Pro With a photo selected you can scroll through filter options by sliding your finger to the left and right on the Touch Bar, or rotate the photo a degree at a time by sliding your finger. To understand what it’s like to use the Touch Bar, think of this. With a program you use every day, you get used to hitting a function key to do a certain thing. In Word on the Windows computer I use everyday at in my office, I hit F12 when I want to access the Save As menu. With the Touch Bar, I don’t have the same muscle memory. That doesn’t mean the Touch Bar isn’t as useful as a function key. It is far more useful because I can do so much more with it. But this is another screen you need to interact with. The big question to ask about the Touch Bar is this: does it boost productivity? If it makes the MacBook somehow more effective, efficient or simply better to use, then it’s a good feature. And that is something it does. Josh Edelson/AFP 5 You can use the Touch Bar to scoll through a video to find a particular frame in the clip Browsing and editing my photos on the MacBook Pro, even after just a few minutes, makes me wonder how I did that on my MacBook Air without the Touch Bar. And I can see why Apple demonstrated the Touch Bar with emojis. I always prefer messaging someone on my iPad with a keyboard case than my phone because it’s easier to type. Now I prefer to message them on the MacBook, because it’s another step up in terms of ease of use. My favourite use of the Touch Bar? Switching between open windows in Safari. Brilliant. 5 The laptop's Touch Bar can be used to easily select a range of emojis There are always reasons to upgrade to a new computer. This MacBook is thinner, faster and has a better screen and sound without sacrificing battery life. It also has a bigger track pad and, something to add as both a negative and positive, it has four USB-C ports. But they are all features you can assess without needing to use the new MacBook. The Touch Bar is something you only really appreciate as you use it more. I’ve been using it for five days and I think it’s great. This review originally appeared on news.com.au. We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368   The Sun Topics Apple Computers Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments Comments Most Read in News scrapital of culture Bedlam in Hull as boozy revellers cause New Year havoc just as city marks becoming UK Capital of Culture News 'SHE KEEPS ASKING IF SHE'LL SEE THE PRINCESSES' Family devastated after they are booted off easyJet flight - while it was on… News 'I NEVER SAW HIM' George Michael's lover claims he slept in his CAR the night star died – and denies sending 'suicide tweets News PRAWN OF THE DEAD Health bosses order recall of seafood sold by Aldi over Christmas due to deadly bacteria fears News NEW YEAR ARRIVAL Here is Britain’s first baby of 2017 who was born just ONE MINUTE past midnight News Exclusive signed, steal... but not delivered Mum left £1,500 out of pocket after tot's passport was 'signed for by a stranger' News Exclusive yeah smut, no smut We uncover the sordid rise of 'chav porn', a disturbing craze that has surged in popularity over the past… News MYSTERY DEATHS Police find parents dead in their car parked on roadside with their three unharmed children inside News Video 'SANTA KILLER PICTURED' Cops hunt ISIS killer after deadly Turkey nightclub attack left 39 dead as CCTV show him opening fire News STRIP CLUB DEATH MYSTERY Body of British woman, 29, is found in Melbourne strip club TWELVE HOURS after she was last seen… News NEW YEAR'S HEAVE Fights, vomit and sleeping in bins... carnage on Britain's streets as boozed-up revellers celebrate the new… News Video NIGHTCLUB MASSACRE Prime suspect in attack that saw 39 New Year's Eve revellers gunned down in Istanbul recorded sick video… News ICLOUD CELEB GLITCH Woman is shocked to find her brand new iPhone is full of numbers for A-list celebs News 'I STILL HAVE STOMACH CRAMPS' Couple fear they have tapeworms after 'finding eggs in Lidl beef steaks they had eaten' News WTF MANNEQUIN CHALLENGE Man caught naked and moaning as he makes love to a shop doll in the middle of flea market News Most Popular ALL CHANGE? From better wages to more expensive motoring... the new laws coming your way this year Living er, too soon! Samantha Womack sends EastEnders fans into a frenzy by going swimming... hours after Ronnie drowned TV & Showbiz All grown up! Remember Lauren Branning from EastEnders? Here's what she looks like now Living dear deidre I'm having incredible sex with my stepmum and she says she's going to leave my dad to be with me Living Spoiler DINGLE DEATH? Emmerdale's Lisa Dingle faces her feelings for Zak as she fears he'd been killed in caravan explosion TV & Showbiz Video grim ender The heartbreaking moment EastEnders' Ronnie and Roxy Mitchell die after wedding TV & Showbiz NYE TRICK Here's how a mum tricked her kids into thinking it was midnight at 10:30 last night, so she could go to bed early Living SUNSHINE SMILE Holly Willoughby glows in kaftan as she enjoys a stroll with hubby Dan down golden beach in Barbados TV & Showbiz What a cheek Jemma Lucy flashes her bum as she forgets her trousers on New Year's Day outing to McDonald's TV & Showbiz SAM DIFFERENCE X Factor's Sam Bailey, 39, is unrecognisable in flawless Instagram snap that makes her look years younger TV & Showbiz Video BACK TO THE FUTURE EastEnders recreated Ronnie and Roxy's first scene before they drowned in soap shocker TV & Showbiz ‘MY HIGHLIGHT OF 2017’ EastEnders viewers amused at Max Branning’s drug blunder with Dot Cotton TV & Showbiz CHEEKY CHIPPIE REQUEST Cheeky customer puts in order with local chip shop to bring her cold and flu pills... and they oblige Living 'he died, soz' Jason Manford posts his own death hoax on Twitter in bizarre New Year's Eve prank TV & Showbiz LAST NIGHT OF FREEDOM Celebrity Big Brother stars spotted arriving at hotel near Channel 5 studio TV & Showbiz Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. You can change this and find out more by following this link Close Follow The Sun Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Commissioning Terms Help Hub ©News Group Newspapers Limited in England No. 679215 Registered office: 1 London Bridge Street, London, SE1 9GF. "The Sun", "Sun", "Sun Online" are registered trademarks or trade names of News Group Newspapers Limited. This service is provided on News Group Newspapers' Limited's Standard Terms and Conditions in accordance with our Privacy & Cookie Policy. To inquire about a licence to reproduce material, visit our Syndication site. View our online Press Pack. For other inquiries, Contact Us. To see all content on The Sun, please use the Site Map. The Sun website is regulated by the Independent Press Standards Organisation (IPSO) Our journalists strive for accuracy but on occasion we make mistakes. For further details of our complaints policy and to make a complaint please click here.
Home Photos Videos XML Contact Us News Maps Travel India Info Games Education Self Help Recipes Names Astrology Home » News » India News » Apple confirms flaw in iPhone 6 Plus, agrees to repair Apple confirms flaw in iPhone 6 Plus, agrees to repair 1 month ago | 22-11-2016 | IANS New Delhi, Nov 22 : Apple has confirmed that there is a flaw in its iPhone 6 Plus that makes the display unresponsive and has launched a new repair programme. [NK India] The hardware malfunction called "touch disease" exhibits display flickering or multi-touch issues in iPhone 6 Plus after being dropped multiple times on a hard surface and then incurring further stress on the device. "If your iPhone 6 Plus is exhibiting the symptoms noted above, is in working order, and the screen is not cracked or broken, Apple or an Apple authorised service provider will repair your device for a manufacturer's suggested service price of Rs 9,900," Apple said in a statement. Pricing offered by Apple authorised service providers may vary. Apple will contact customers who may have paid for a service repair related to this issue either through Apple or an Apple authorised service provider to arrange reimbursement. "In case you are facing multi-touch issue, bring your iPhone 6 Plus to a participating Apple authorised service provider. Your iPhone will be examined prior to any service to verify that it is eligible for this programme and in working order. This programme only applies to iPhone 6 Plus," the company added. anuj/gb/vm Previous News Next News News Categories World India Business Sports Bollywood Hollywood Kerala Education Health Technology Automobile Travel Computer Features Yearly Horoscope 2017 Aquarius Aries Cancer Capricorn Gemini Leo Libra Pisces Sagittarius Scorpio Taurus Virgo News Maps Travel India Info Games Education Self Help Recipes Names Astrology © Copyright 2016. All rights reserved. newkerala.com
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Jan 02, 9:58 PM EST Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology Apple Black Friday Sale: One Day Shopping Event Announced By Rishabh Jain On 11/22/16 AT 6:31 AM Close Apple posted its Black Friday web page on Tuesday, teasing the upcoming, shopping-centric holiday which says the company would hold a sale Nov. 25. The page, which doesn't reveal much, invites customers to visit the website again Friday and check out offers on various items. “Friday can’t come soon enough. Our one-day shopping event will be here before you know it. Come back this Friday to check everyone off your list,” the web page says. If the illustration on the website is any indication, there might be exclusive offers on the Apple Watch devices since the invitation is in form of an Apple Watch. Other than teasing the upcoming event, the page states Apple will offer two-day delivery on products booked before 5:00 p.m. (local times) in Canada, France, Germany, the United Kingdom and the U.S. Some Apple stores will also be open for extended hours. Related Stories Apple To Launch Thanksgiving Challenge For Apple Watch Users How To Get A Cheap iPhone On Black Friday Apple's holiday gift collection includes Apple devices, Apple Music, photography gifts, as well as games and toys. While no other details about the sale are available, the 2014 sale included offers on iPod Touch, iPod Nano, Apple TV, Beats by Dr. Dre headphones, iPads and Macs. Join the Discussion Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Business Samsung To Release Note 7 Probe Results Soon The South Korean company will reportedly make public the results of its investigation into the Note 7 battery fiasco before the end of January. Technology HTC Ocean Note Will Be Called U Ultra The HTC U Ultra is said to come with a 6-inch display and will be revealed on Jan. 12. World American Survived Istanbul Attack By 'Playing Dead' William Jacob Raak took a bullet and remained in place as a rampage went on around him. National Lake Erie Plane Crash Victim Was College Student Megan Casey was returning home with her family after seeing an NBA game when the plane she was flying in disappeared. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
null
MENU Tech Science Health Culture Reviews Features Videos HOMEPAGE Tech Gadgets Computers Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Wearable Tech Apps/Software Business Tech Internet Car Tech Security Apple Google Microsoft Smart Home Science Space Robotics Energy Earth/Environment Animals Material Science Ancient Health Healthy Living/Wellness Medicine Public Health Biotech Neuroscience Culture Movies/TV Shows Video Games Life & Style Viral Celebrities Features Tech Science Health Culture Advertisement facebook twitter reddit Comment google+ linkedin Email What's app digg Shots Fired: Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella Pokes Fun At Apple's iPad Pro For Being Too Similar To Surface 22 November 2016, 4:29 am EST By Carl Velasco Tech Times Microsoft - Here's What You Didn't KnowNow Playing Apple - Here's What You May Not KnowNow Playing Satya Nadella, Microsoft's chief executive, isn't letting Apple's chief executive Tim Cook slip with his infamous "toaster and refrigerator" analogy for hybrids. In a recent interview, Nadella poked fun at Apple for essentially eating its own words.  ( Stephen Brashear | Getty Images ) Advertisement Satya Nadella, Microsoft's chief executive, has jestingly lifted back up Tim Cook's previous words and turned it against him, musing about the growing success of the Surface. For those who can't recall, Cook, Apple's chief executive, during an earnings call way back in 2012, offered a bizarre analogy of the abysmal appeal of hybrid computers, noting that users won't be pleased with the convergence of a "refrigerator and a toaster," in his own words. Tim Cook might have been spitballing four years ago, since it now bills the iPad Pro as a computer instead of a glorified tablet, leaving many people puzzled at the oft-shuffling designations. Additionally, with the iPad Pro now identified as a full computer, Cook's words are pretty much nonsensical, at least, in terms of what Apple seems to believe in. Nadella's Jabs At Apple Cook's previous undermining of the idea of hybrid computers and the increasing success of Microsoft's Surface, the direct rival to Apple's iPad Pro, has rendered Nadella in joking spirits. An interview with the Australian Financial Review sees Nadella pinning the Surface as Microsoft's symbol for risk-taking, in contrast with that of other companies, specifically but indirectly, Apple. "Three years ago, the two-in-one as a form factor was questioned," Nadella said. "And now guess what, even our competition has decided that it's not a refrigerator and a toaster, but it's actually a two-in-one." Nadella is of course talking about the Apple iPad Pro, who Apple one day decided to call a computer. Apple And Microsoft's Hybrid Feud Upon touting the iPad Pro as a computer, Microsoft wasn't able to hold back on a sinister and mordant but witty bashing in the form of a 30-seconder, depicting the iPad Pro as unable to respond to the Surface's various questions with regard to its performance. The tug-o-war stretches far back, however. Tim Cook had previously belittled the Surface, calling it a "deluded" and "trying hard" product. Microsoft has continuously poked fun at Apple's imitation game, running a host of TV commercials, rolling eyes at Apple's iPad Pro and its questionable status of being a computer. CNET has reached out to Apple for a comment, but the company has so far stayed mum about Nadella's jests. In the same interview, Nadella has expressed confidence, explaining to the Australian Financial Review, that one has to carve wiggle room for potential failures because not everything will work. Do you agree with Nadella's statements about Apple and the iPad Pro? Feel free to sound off in the comments section below! TAG iPad Pro, Microsoft Surface, Apple, Microsoft, Satya Nadella © 2016 Tech Times, All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission. Related Articles Microsoft Black Friday 2016 Deals Revealed: $429 Off Surface Pro 4, $400 Off Surface Book, Lumia BOGO And More New Costco Black Friday 2016 Ad Leaks With Final Deal Prices: PS4 And Xbox One S Bundle Sales, Surface Pro 4 Bundle Discount Remains Microsoft Surface Pro 5 Latest Specs, Price And Release Date Rumors: Kaby Lake Processor, Windows 10 Redstone 2, And More Surface Book vs. MacBook Pro 2016: Can The Updated Microsoft Laptop Give The New MacBook A Run For Its Money? Black Friday 2016: Best Surface Pro Deals With Big Discounts From Microsoft, Costco, Best Buy And More From Our Sponsor Under The Tree: Smart Christmas Packaging Tips From Packsize, The Pros In On-Demand Custom Packaging Tips on how to celebrate a merrier Christmas this year. SPONSORED BY Packsize Advertisement Most Popular 1 Video Games Valve Outs Best-Selling Steam Games Of 2016, Slashes Prices: 'No Man's Sky,' 'The Division,' 'Rocket League,' And More 2 Space NASA Spots Object That’s Either A Comet Or An Asteroid Approaching Earth 3 Smart Home CES 2017: Expect Samsung To Change The Way You Look At Laundry With FlexWash And FlexDry Advertisement 4 Computers The 7 Coolest Raspberry Pi 3 Projects Of 2016 5 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech How To Fix Android 7.1.1 Problems In Nexus And Pixel Phones: Battery And Connectivity Issues 6 Video Games 'Pokémon Sun' And 'Moon' Guide: How To Evolve Eevee Into Sylveon, Leafeon, Glaceon And More 7 Life & Style 2017 Predictions: Why Do Nostradamus, Baba Vanga And The Failed 'Blood Miracle' Spell Doom For The World? 8 Internet Netflix vs. Amazon Prime Video: Which Streaming Service Is Better For 2017? 9 Video Games Nintendo Switch Might Not Have Enough Power To Support Current-Gen Ports 10 Video Games 'Pokémon Sun' And 'Moon' Guide: How To Increase Happiness Quickly EDITOR'S PICKS 2016 Extra 'Leap Second' Longer Because Of Ocean Waves Samsung Galaxy S7, S7 Edge Android Nougat Update Will Vary Between 7.0 And 7.1.1 In Different Regions: What About Note 5 And S6 Variants? Dinosaur That Lost Teeth As An Adult May Explain Why Birds Have Toothless Beak Only 7,100 Cheetahs Left In The Wild: Extinction Looming For World's Fastest Mammal Pirate Bay, ExtraTorrent, Rarbg, Torrentz2, 1337x And Kickass Torrents: 2016's Most Popular Torrent Sites Ranked China Confirms EmDrive Research, Plans To Use The Technology On Chinese Satellites As Soon As Possible Wisconsin DNR Removes References To Climate Change From Website This Breathalyzer Can Diagnose 17 Diseases With Just One Puff From A Patient New Year's Comet A Bad Omen? Comet 45P To Herald Year Of Better Comet Viewing Life & Style More Life & Style Man Charged With DUI After Testing Positive For Caffeine 2017 Predictions: Why Do Nostradamus, Baba Vanga And The Failed 'Blood Miracle' Spell Doom For The World? New Year's Eve Fun Facts: Beliefs And Traditions To Welcome 2017 Bad Eggs: Are These Hatchimals Cursing Their Owners? [VIDEOS] WATCH: Astronauts Taking On Mannequin Challenge In Space Is Pure Genius Donald Trump Believes Computers Make Life Complicated: Here's Why How To Win At Chess? Here’s What Goes Inside The Head Of Chess Champion Magnus Carlsen Hatchimals Fail To Hatch, Cause Disappointment For Parents And Kids On Christmas Morning TechScienceHealthCultureReviewsFeaturesVideos About Us | Contact Us | Content Licensing | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Media Kit | BrandSpin © 2016 TechTimes Inc. All rights reserved.
Please enable javascript for best view and rich features! Please Try again! Login / Register | Logout Gizmodo Indiamodo News Gadgets Science Design Software WTF Gallery Gizmodo X Login / Register | Logout Indiamodo News Gadgets Science Design Software WTF Gallery expand Apple may be killing expensive AirPort routers Subhrojit Mallick Nov 22, 2016, 03.51 PM IST FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedinReddit AppleImage Credit Apple has halted the development of its wireless AirPort routers, formally abandoning the aged wireless routers for Mac. In turn, the engineers in charge of developing the router have been reassigned to other projects in line with Apple's new focus to get a bulk of its revenue from consumer products, Bloomberg reported. The router hasn't been refreshed since 2013 after years of continuous updates to keep it up to date with the new standards of the wireless industry. Apple current has three categories of routers in the market- The AirPort Express, AirPort Extreme and the AirPort Time Capsule which also doubles up as an external storage for Macs. With the decision to disband the team, Apple will not be coming out with new versions of these routers. The abandonment started from last year with engineers getting dispersed from the team to other teams including that of the Apple TV. The AirPort routers sold for $99, $199 and $299 for each of the models, and did not contribute much to the revenue stream. Even in the financial statements Apple releases every year, the routers are clubbed under the "Other Products" category. That category also includes the Apple Watch and Apple TV which contributes to 5 per cent of the total sales, generating $11.1bn in 2016. For most of the unique features like wireless music playback, the AirPort routers required an Apple device like the iPhone or a Mac, restricting the ecosystem. Apple may have abandoned the router business to throw the wireless ecosystem open to other phones and computers as well. AnAlso, since the core technology was provided by third-party chipmakers like Broadcomm, Apple could not advance the core technology through in-house development and instead had to depend on the chipmakers to do it. While routers could be made different in terms of design, the antennas and the software controlling them were in the hands of third parties. And this is another reason for Apple abandoning the routers. The Apple routers themselves have always lagged behind others like D-Link, Netgear and Belkin which have strived to keep their products up to date with the new standards. On the other hand, Apple has concentrated more on integrating the control of the router into its devices and push for more functionality. Thus, shutting down development for the AirPort routers may actually be a boon for the wireless industry as the Apple loyalists will be up for grabs for the rest of the router makers. This is not the first time Apple has killed off its products. Earlier this year, Apple stopped making the gigantic external monitors and during the MacBook Pro launch, it unveiled a new high-resolution monitor in collaboration with LG Electronics. FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedinReddit Tags: RoutersGadgetsAppleWirelessAirport Expressairport Follow Gizmodo on facebookLiketwitterFollowgplusFollow Contribute to Gizmodo Write for Us Next StoryInstagram imitates Snapchat like features with disappearing Live videos... Comments () Characters Remaining: 3000 SIGN IN WITHFacebookGoogleEmail OR PROCEED WITHOUT REGISTRATION X Sort By:NewestOldestDiscussedUp VotedDown Voted More from this author Leaks suggest iOS 10.3 incoming with mysterious 'Theater Mode' Affordable prices, ride-shares and fare-splits: Here's how Uber was the responsible friend to Indians this NYE Vivo V5 Plus will launch on Jan 23 with dual-selfie cameras Related stories RIP Apple Wireless Routers: We Hardly Knew Thee iOS 10 Will Make These Apple Gadgets Obsolete The Pink-ification of Apple Gadgets Is Almost Complete Linksys Just Made Its Great WRT Routers More Affordable Users beware, security firm claims Cisco routers can be compromised Whoa, the Apple Watch Has Wireless Charging Personalized Recommendations Editor's Pick Lenovo Yoga 510 Review: Inconsistent Performer The Magic of George Michael: Bringing the “Faith” over a Glorious 30-Year Music Career OnePlus 3T review: Still the best damn phone for less than Rs 30,000 Nucleya Adds His Signature Bass To Papon’s Bihu in The Dewarists’ Latest Music Collaboration Confused between OnePlus 3 and OnePlus 3T? Read this Super Mario Run: My first 20 minutes! Hot Right Now CyanogenMod reborn, download Lineage OS right now Leaks suggest iOS 10.3 incoming with mysterious 'Theater Mode' BHIM app tops Google Play store within 3 days of launch Microsoft to launch Surface Pro 5 tablet soon: Report BSNL has launched Rs 144 unlimited calling plan to take on Reliance Jio Dell XPS 13 Convertible tipped for CES 2017 Google's Gboard keyboard app is now being used on 500 million devices PSA: Android Nougat update has arrived for the OnePlus 3T and the OnePlus 3 Overlook Paytm, PM Modi launches a new ‘BHIM’ mobile app Affordable prices, ride-shares and fare-splits: Here's how Uber was the responsible friend to Indians this NYE Like what you see? Keep up with the latest by following us on and subscribe to our Daily Newsletter Related Content Trending on social The next Galaxy Note may be a Galaxy S8 Plus instead, leaks suggest Android 7.0 Nougat is rolling out to Moto Z Phones in India Android 7.0 Nougat is rolling out to Moto Z Phones in India OnePlus 3T soft-gold variant goes on sale starting January 5 Overlook Paytm, PM Modi launches a new ‘BHIM’ mobile app AdAge Unicorns #AdAgeUnicorns: The Lloyd Mathias Interview (Part 1) #AdAgeUnicorns: The Lloyd Mathias Interview (Part 2) #AdAgeUnicorns: Lloyd Mathias to Share His Marketing Journey on December 15 #AdAgeUnicorns: The R Balki Interview (Part 2) Learn at Coursera Master Business Fundamentals from Wharton Leadership and Business Skill for Immediate Impact Take Big Data from University of California San DiegoMore » HUFFINGTON POST The Good, The Bad And The Ugly Smartphone 'Fans' After Google Phone, We Might See Google Watches Freedom 251 Maker Launches LED TV For ₹9900 Times of India Technology Apple iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus price details revealed, goes up to Rs 92,000 Apple slashes prices of iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus by up to Rs 22,000 WhatsApp privacy policy challenged in Delhi High Court: 5 things to know Apple iOS 10 surpasses iOS 9 in early adoption in just 24 hours Gadgets Now Shop Micromax Canvas Mega 4G Q417 - 16GB (Blue) ₹ 7499BUY5.5" Screen, 3GB RAM Lava A97 4G VoLTE - 8GB (Black & Gold) ₹ 5300BUY5"Screen, 5MP Camera Asus Zenfone Max ZC550KL - 16GB (Black) ₹ 9199BUY5000 mAh Battery About | Privacy | Write For Us | Contact | Authors | Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy | Gizmodo US | RSS TIMES GLOBAL PARTNERS Times Global Partners is an initiative focused on partnering with Established and Emerging Global Digital Companies for growing their presence and business in India through growth in their Brand, audience, adoption, distribution and monetization. Copyright @ 2017. Times Internet Limited. All rights reserved.For reprint rights. Times Syndication Service.
By using this service and related content, you agree to the use of cookies for analytics, personalised content and ads. Home News Weather Entertainment Sport Money More > Lifestyle Horoscopes Health & Fitness Food & Drink Cars Travel Dating news You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. Losing their touch: Smartphone home buttons are on the way out CNBC 22/11/2016 Aneri Pattani, special to CNBC.com © Provided by CNBC The home button — a hallmark of smartphone design — isn't untouchable.  As soon as 2017, many smartphones will abandon the physical home button in favor of advanced touch technology, said Rick Bergman, CEO of touchscreen technology creator Synaptics. Getting rid of the bezel area and home button will widen the screen, giving users more space and freedom. Some Android models have already moved the home button function to the touchscreen. "It's a major inflection point in the industry, where you want to have that entire screen to have display," Bergman said. "You'll start to see phones with that type of technology in 2017."   San Jose, California-based Synaptics created the first touchpad adopted by Apple (AAPL) and Dell, and today its products are used in ASUS tablets and the new Google Pixel phone from Alphabet (GOOGL). It now develops touchscreens, biosensors and fingerprint scanners that are used in everyday products from smartphones and tablets to PCs.  The Pixel, which released in October, is a hybrid of standard home buttons and the future of touch technology. It features a physical fingerprint sensor on the back of the phone but an onscreen home button. Apple iPhones have long held on to the home button, but its elimination of the headphone jack earlier this year prompted speculation that it could do the same with the button. Apple might even be preparing users for this transition, according to Recode. The iPhone 7 features a home button that uses new technology to give the impression of being pushed down even though it does not actually depress. But Apple's core philosophy has also showed resistance to moving too much to touch. Its new MacBook Pro has a new Touch Bar rather than an onscreen touch functionality now common on PCs. LG is preparing for the buttonless future. In May the company announced it has developed technology that will hide a smartphone's home button and fingerprint sensor under glass . The elimination of an obvious sensor on the front of the phone will allow for a sleek design, LG said. While some say the home button is necessary for functions like restarting or taking screenshots, others, like Bergman, see touch technology as the path forward.  "If you think how often you use your smartphone or PC, you want the absolute best experience," he said. "I can't think of a scenario where you don't want that additive [touch] experience." — By Aneri Pattani, special to CNBC.com Go to MSN Home More in News Trump says North Korea won't be able to hit US with nuclear missile The Independent Orkney explores independence after Brexit The Telegraph 'Bivvy bag saved their lives':Couple lost in Cairngorms found safe The Guardian Man's drunken antics on Glasgow flight lands him in court Daily Record Cannabis ingredient to be classed as medicine Mirror Kate recieves 'ultimate recognition' for her skills The Telegraph Up Next IS claims responsibility for Turkey attacks as manhunt intensifies Sky News More in News IVF mum marries donor after tracking him down and falling in love Mirror Tracking an elusive diary from Hitler's inner circle The New York Times £1bn Madonna becomes highest-grossing solo touring artist ever Evening Standard AdChoices AdChoices More from CNBC CNBC View the full site Home News Weather Entertainment Sport Money Lifestyle Horoscopes Health & Fitness Food & Drink Cars Travel Dating © 2017 Microsoft Privacy & Cookies Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Anti-Spam Newsletter
Oneindia Classifieds Coupons Education News Movies Buy Insurance Auto Cricket Gadgets Lifestyle Money Travel Menu Home Mobiles Reviews Gadgets Features Top 10 Mobiles How to Gadget Finder Menu Tip Us!FacebookTwittergplusYoutube News Mobile Tablet Laptop Computer Gear Gadgets Reviews Features How To Gadget Finder Photos Videos English हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు বাংলা ગુજરાતી Home  |  Mobile  |  Features  | Discount Alert: Avail up to Rs. 10,000 Cashback on Apple iPhone 7, 6s, 6, and others on Paytm Discount Alert: Avail up to Rs. 10,000 Cashback on Apple iPhone 7, 6s, 6, and others on Paytm Avail huge discounts on flagship smartphones from Apple, Samsung, and Gionee on Paytm during “The Big Cashback Sale.” By: Prajith Sabbani Updated: Tuesday, November 22, 2016, 16:11 [IST] After Flipkart and Amazon, Paytm is silently hosting "The Big Cashback Sale" starting from today. The sale is already live and will last for two days i.e until 24th November 2016. As part of the sale, the homegrown e-commerce and online payment platform is offering huge discounts on flagship smartphones from vendors like Apple, Samsung, and Gionee among other. SEE ALSO: Moto Z Gets Android 7.0 Nougat: 5 Interesting Things You Can Do After the Update in India During the sale, users can purchase the Apple iPhone 7 (256GB variant) at Rs. 75,410 with additional Rs. 10,000 cashback. The same will be loaded into your Paytm wallet within 24 hours of shipment of the product. In addition to the iPhone 7, previous iterations of the iPhone such as the iPhone 6s, 6, SE, 5s are also eligible for the offer. That being said, the cashback amount may vary depending on the product you choose. SEE ALSO: Apple iPhone 8 Rumor Roundup: The 2017 Flagship Should be a Stunner! Also part of the sale is the Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge. Unlike the Apple iPhone 7, Paytm is not offering any cashback with the Galaxy S7 Edge (32GB variant) instead, it is offering 15% discount on the smartphone which brings down its price to Rs. 50,990. Other smartphones from Chinese vendors like the Gionee S6s is available at a price tag of Rs. 15,888 with a 12% discount on its actual price. Various mid-range smartphones from multiple brands such as Asus, Lenovo, Motorola, Oppo, LG, BlackBerry, Micromax, Lava, Karbonn, Intex and Lyf are also available at attractive prices during the sale. Image Source Click Here for New Smartphones Best Online Deals Apple iPhone 7 Apple iPhone 6s Specifications Photos Videos News Specifications Photos Videos News Apple Iphone 7 32gb 54,999 Iphone 6s 16gb 42,500 Gallery   |   11 Photos Apple iPhone 7 +See All Read More About paytm | apple | samsung | gionee | news | mobiles | android | smartphones | sale | iOS Story first published: Tuesday, November 22, 2016, 16:00 [IST] Other articles published on Nov 22, 2016 Please Wait while comments are loading... The Major Smartphones LG Launched This Year Brand Wrap up: Devices Launched by Asus in 2016 Top 40 Best Smartphones that launched in 2016 Featured Posts RECOMMENDEDEDITOR'S PICK Asus Zenfone AR (Augmented Reality) Might be Unveiled at CES 2017 6 Things That'll Happen if Apple Starts Manufacturing iPhones in India 10 Best Exchange Offers Available on Top Selling Smartphones in India Now You Can Sell All Your Old Products on Amazon WhatsApp No Longer Works on Devices Running Android 2.2 and Below ZTE Blade V8 with Dual camera leaks ahead of CES 2017 VPN Explained for Starters Apple Will Cut iPhone Production by 10 % in 2017 Xolo Era 2X 4G VoLTE Smartphone Set to Launch in India on January 5 Samsung Galaxy A (2017) With IP68 Rating Goes Official Opinion Poll 34,688 Followers 13,012 Followers 1,41,901 Followers 7,506 Followers GET OUR TOP TECH STORIES DELIVERED TO YOUR INBOX FOR FREE Do not Disturb Browse by Category | News | Gadget Finder | Videos | Photos | Features | How To | Mobile | Tablet | Computer | Laptop | Gear | Gadgets Social Followers 34,688 Followers 13,012 Followers 1,41,901 Followers 7,506 Followers Sign Up Newsletter Sign up for our daily Newsletter Latest in Mobiles LYF Water 3Karbonn Titanium Vista 4GAsus ZenFone Go 4.5 LTE (ZB450KL)Karbonn K9 Viraat 4GLYF Wind 7SAsus ZenFone 3 Max ZC553KLLenovo K6 NoteSwipe Elite MaxZTE Nubia N1Motorola Moto MSwipe Elite StarPanasonic Eluga PrimAlcatel Idol 4Lenovo Phab 2LG V20 Apps | RSS Feeds | Facebook | Twitter | Google Plus | Newsletters | Media | Sitemap | Feedback | Advertise with us | Careers | About Us | Contact Us © Greynium Information Technologies Pvt. Ltd.| Terms of Service and Privacy Policy
null
null
International Business Times, India Edition International Business Times, India Edition India US World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Photos Video Search Search Home Technology Smartphones Soon, you will have a glossy black Samsung Galaxy S7: Will it steal the charm from iPhone 7 Jet Black? Samsung Galaxy S7 glossy black is coming soon to steal your heart. Sami Khan   November 22, 2016 16:12 IST Soon, you will have a glossy black Samsung Galaxy S7Samsung Mobile Press Apple is known to set new trend where it is least expected. This year's iPhone 7 series came with a new colour options and removed the 3.5mm headphone jack. The Jet Black iPhone 7 won many hearts and it looks like the company's chief rival Samsung is taking a page out of Apple's book. After the tragic loss of the Galaxy Note 7 this year, Samsung is building hype for its nine-month-old Galaxy S7 to compete against the latest flagships, including the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. The company introduced a Coral Blue variant earlier this month and it worked well in Samsung's favour. Now, another colour option is in the offing. According to industry sources, the world's largest smartphone company is planning to launch a new glossy black version of the Galaxy S7 in December. The move is clearly to win over customers who have been eyeing the iPhone 7 Jet Black and Matte Black variants, The Investor reported. According to the report, the Coral Blue Galaxy S7 has been selling almost 15,000 units every day, putting behind the iPhone 7's daily sales to about 10,000. With the introduction of a new black variant, Samsung will only boost demand for its Galaxy S7 series. There is no word on whether the black colour Galaxy S7 will arrive in all of its markets, but it is highly likely to hit its home turf and the United States, considering the Coral Blue version was made available on all four major U.S. carriers last week. Except the change in colour, Samsung Galaxy S7 will remain exactly the same. The company already offers the Onyx Black with a matte finish, but the new glossy finish will add a new flavor to the existing colour options. In terms of specs, the Galaxy S7 sports a 5.5-inch QHD display, a dual-pixel 12MP camera, a 5MP front snapper and a 3D glass and metal fuse body. Under the hood, it will be powered by either Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 or Exynos 8890 chipset, paired with 4GB RAM and 3,600mAh battery with wireless and fast charging support. The handset features fingerprint sensor integrated within the home button of the device, 32GB and 64GB storage options with microSD card support, 4G LTE and IP68 water-proof certifications. There is no confirmation from the company's end on the new colour option, but we can wait to find out the real deal early next month. Related Samsung's future Galaxy devices may have Harman's audio Samsung Galaxy S8, S8 edge release date: Most powerful Android smartphone in the making? Nougat beta update for Samsung Galaxy S7, S7 edge knocks off Gear VR Also read Top Best Buy Black Friday 2016 sale deals on Samsung, Apple, Motorola and other brands Post Comment IBT TV Close Vodafone Foundation helps save mothers’ and children’s lives in one of the world’s worst HIV hotspots Why advertise with us? Latest News Steam winter sale is offering some great discounts 12 hours ago By Aditya Bhat Pre-orders for Nintendo Switch to start from January 12? Rumours say so 12 hours ago By Aditya Bhat Editor's Pick EmDrive: Has the 'impossible' technology started a new space race between US and China? Indian Railways coolies to get provident fund, pension benefits Why advertise with us? most popular Microsoft Surface phone news: Photos gets leaked revealing key features of Windows mobile Microsoft Surface phone is expected to run Windows 10 Mobile and house a Carl Zeiss camera on the back Will Microsoft Windows 10 Mobile users get these features with 2017 update? Check out some rumoured features in the new update of Windows 10 Mobile 2017. Top Sony PS4 games in 2017: 5 titles that are worth waiting for Check out the most anticipated Sony PS4 games due for release in 2017. Android Nougat released to OnePlus 3, 3T series via OTA Since OTA process are carried out in phases, it will take a week or two for Android Nougat to reach OnePlus 3 and S7 series models across world. Pre-orders for Nintendo Switch to start from January 12? Rumours say so Here is what rumours are saying about Nintendo Switch's pre-order date. Has Google gone rogue? Will it be rolling out a new torrent search engine in 2017? Google has made the founder of Torrentz.eu in charge of a project, a report said. Are Call of Duty servers offline now? Login to your online game accounts now and check if the server issues still persist. Steam winter sale is offering some great discounts Here is what the Steam Winter Sale is offering to its users. Photo Gallery Nara Rohit, Sri Vishnu and Appatlo Okadundevadu team visit Devi theatre Telugu movie Appatlo Okadundevadu team theatre coverage press meet at Devi theater, RTC X Roads in Hyderabad. Celebs like Nara Rohit, Sri Vishnu, Saagar K Chandra and others graced the event. Anusha, Raj Kandukuri at Dyavudaa Trailer Launch Telugu movie Dyavudaa Teaser Launch event held at Hyderabad. Celebs like Anusha, Raj Kandukuri, Bhanu, Jai, Sharat, Karunya, Harini, G Harikumar Reddy, Sairam Dasari, Prajwal and others graced the event. India US World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Photos Video About us Advertise with us Brand Terms of service Privacy & Cookie Policy Permission Syndication Careers Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2016 International Business Times, India Edition All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest RSS
Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money More > Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Shopping money You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. Black Friday or Cyber Monday: What to Buy When Credit.com 11/22/2016 Jill Krasny Click to expand Replay Video French workers can ignore work emails Employees in France can now ignore work emails outside of regular work hours thanks to a new 'disconnect' law that took effect on New Year's Day. CNN Money SpaceX set to resume space travel SpaceX plans to resume flight operations on Jan. 8th. The company suspended space travel after a Falcon 9 rocket erupted on a launch pad four months ago. The rocket exploded prior to launch while it was being fueled. Now that the investigation into the disaster has concluded, SpaceX is set to resume flying rockets and their cargo into orbit. The next scheduled flight is set for the second week of January, when a Falcon 9 carrying 10 satellites will take off from Vandenberg Air Force Base in California. Wochit Tech 2017 looking to be a good year to sell a house Economists say to expect more people to be looking to buy homes in 2017 despite higher mortgage rates. Sean Dowling (@seandowlingtv) has more. Buzz60 Play Pause Seek i Volume Volume Volume Mute Unmute CC SETTINGS OFF HQ HD HQ SD LO Full Screen Exit Full Screen Play Pause Volume Volume 5 ways to win Black Friday Credit.com See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next French workers can ignore work emails CNN Money 0:57 SpaceX set to resume space travel Wochit Tech 0:42 2017 looking to be a good year to sell a house Buzz60 1:09 Apple to cut iPhone production by 10 percent Wochit Tech 0:36 After nearly a century, NYC's new subway line is finally open Newsy 1:17 The next generation of roads that talk to cars The Wall Street Journal. 3:05 Coal country afraid Trump will repeal black lung benefits with Obamacare CNN Money 3:39 How to make a smartphone pay for itself MoneyTalksNews 1:53 19 states will get minimum wage increases in 2017 CNBC 1:02 Why farming needs more young people Newsy 0:39 2017 outlook for North America industrials Bloomberg 3:47 Cubans plug in as internet access spreads Reuters 1:16 Tech innovation vs. privacy in 2017 The Wall Street Journal. 6:25 Will man-made diamonds sparkle as brightly for consumers? Fox Business 2:46 Here's why half of all households have Amazon Prime MoneyTalksNews 1:15 Ad agency head resigns over 'death by overwork' Reuters 1:27 UP NEXT Whether or not you mark off Black Friday on your calendar, chances are you're wondering what bargains are out there this season. For instance, is it better to purchase a smartphone that Friday, or should you hold off until Cyber Monday? To help you break down what's best to buy when, we turned to deal-hunting expert Rebecca Lehmann, manager of content marketing for Brad's Deals. Here's what she told us. Black Friday All Things Apple Black Friday is a great time for buying "anything Apple," said Lehmann, "but not directly from Apple" (i.e., you'll want to shop for Apple products at Wal-Mart, Target and Best Buy instead). "You might still be paying $299 for an iPad Mini," she said, "but bundled with a gift card, that could bump up the value." Blu Rays & DVDs "You can count on all that kind of stuff for Black Friday," Lehmann said of Blu Rays and DVDs. © Credit.com Blog what-to-buy-on-black-friday-2016 TVs and Cameras  At times you can score deals on minor stuff like home goods and other categories, but for the most part you'll want to hone in on electronics. For Lehmann, that means keep your eyes peeled for cameras, flat-screen TVs and laptops. Smartphones "If you need a new phone, Black Friday is hands-down the day to do it," said Lehmann. "You'll get a really good price on your trade-in, which you can then apply to your phone, and signing up for a contract lowers the price even more." If you miss out on the Black Friday deals, don't despair: The prices you see on phones now are generally "the prices they're going to be for the whole season," Lehmann said. Vacuums "We see a lot of vacuum deals for Black Friday," said Lehmann. Winter Wardrobe Staples Out of boots? Need a new puffer coat? Now's the time to scoop those winter duds up, said Lehmann. "Anything you need to pad up your winter wardrobe, Black Friday is the time to do it." Cyber Monday  Airfare "There are always going to be airfare sales on Cyber Monday," said Lehmann, especially among discount carriers like Spirit, JetBlue and Virgin America. Just know they usually have blackout days over the holidays so you'll need to plan your trip for next spring. Computers & Laptops This is really where places like Newegg, the popular online computer goods store, shine, said Lehman. "They have a little bit of everything, electronics and audio, and they're very competitive." Expect to see similar deals nationwide. Online-Only Stores "The best deals for Cyber Monday will be on websites that just don't have bricks-and-mortar locations," said Lehmann. Think home decor sites like Etsy, Minted, Society6, and so on. Right Before Christmas Toys "Toys are never at their best on Black Friday," said Lehmann, who advised waiting until the last two weeks before Christmas to buy them. You can learn how to get the toys your kids actually want here. Remember, scoring a bargain never hurts, especially on items you've been meaning to buy. But if you're going over budget or even racking up debt, then perhaps it's time to take a step back. This article originally appeared on Credit.com. Go to MSN Home More in Money What to buy and what to skip in January Cheapism 10 brands that will disappear in 2017 24/7 Wall St. Most and least expensive states to live in Lovemoney 7 things that will get way more expensive this year The Street The best charities to donate to 24/7 Wall St. 19 cities that will rule the world in 2025 Lovemoney AdChoices AdChoices More from Credit.com Does Credit Repair Work? Can Credit Repair Companies Help? Credit.com Credit.com View the full site Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Shopping © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter
Oneindia Classifieds Coupons Education News Movies Buy Insurance Auto Cricket Gadgets Lifestyle Money Travel Menu Home Mobiles Reviews Gadgets Features Top 10 Mobiles How to Gadget Finder Menu Tip Us!FacebookTwittergplusYoutube News Mobile Tablet Laptop Computer Gear Gadgets Reviews Features How To Gadget Finder Photos Videos English हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు বাংলা ગુજરાતી Home  |  How To  |  Tips Tricks  | How to Spot a Fake iPhone [9 Quick Tricks] How to Spot a Fake iPhone [9 Quick Tricks] Presently, fake Apple iPhones are being cloned so well that they are physically very similar to the genuine iPhone. By: Samden Sherpa Updated: Tuesday, November 22, 2016, 17:07 [IST] The "fake iPhone" market has become a very lucrative business for deceitful phone manufacturers. While many of the earlier iPhone duplicates were poorly made, however, with the passing of time, some fake iPhones are being cloned so well that they are physically very similar to the genuine iPhone. You might actually think it's the real deal. Nowadays, these fake iPhones are really good imitations taking into account the size of the device, the buttons placement, the Apple logo, and other physical indicators of an original iPhone. SEE ALSO: Moto Z Gets Android 7.0 Nougat: 5 Interesting Things You Can Do After the Update in India Unfortunately, they appear in seemingly legitimate online ads or real-world stores. Regardless of where they appear, they're out there, and people who buy them are being cheated. At the same time, the attempts made by the police have also failed to eliminate fake iPhones business from the market. So, as an alternate solution, the best thing that can be done is to educate people and prevent them from falling victim and purchase an iPhone from these unethical manufacturers. SEE ALSO: 5 Reasons for Drop in Reliance Jio Subscription Rate by 50 Percent So, in the future, if you want to purchase an iPhone from the used market, a classified ad or some other dealer that is not an Apple dealer, you can use this guide to determine if the phone you are buying is, in fact, a real iPhone or not. Stay tuned to GizBot for more updates! # The Apple Logo Firstly, make sure that the phone has the Apple Logo at the back. Most makers of fake iPhones try to replicate the logo sometimes but there is always some error that you can spot if you look closely. Many of the fake iPhones may have a recessed logo or a mirror finish.   # Penta Lobe Screws To identify the fake iPhone, the second thing to check is its screws. Apple uses the Penta lobe screws in the original iPhone whereas the fake iPhone has normal cross screws. # External SD Card Distinctively, Apple iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus have no external memory card slot like their predecessors. So if you have an iPhone 6S or iPhone 6S Plus or any other model of iPhone with an external SD card slot. It is a fake iPhone. Click Here for New Android Smartphones Best Online Deals # Charging Port Examine the charging port and if you notice a plastic border around it, the iPhone is basically a fake one. # Camera Usually, the height of the camera on the back of the fake phone is less compared to that of the original iPhone. The quality also differs. The fake one probably delivers a poor quality and blurry image. # Welcome Logo A fake iPhone will have a welcome screen like the word "Welcome," while the original one will show you the logo of the iPhone. # IMEI Number The IMEI number of the iPhone is found when you tap about on your screen in the general settings of the iPhone or it will be given on the cover. That number can be verified from the Apple official website, which will confirm the phone's originality. # iTunes and Apple Store You can easily check if your iPhone is fake or original by connecting it with iTunes. If it does not connect, then it's definitely not an original iPhone. Additionally, when using the iPhone, when you tap the Apple store icon, if it does not open the Apple store then the phone is probably fake.   # Packaging The original iPhones box does not have a phone pic on top. Usually, the packaging is of low quality on the fake one with a cheap quality plastic. Looking at the back, the original iPhone box will have all the details regarding the model, description of the phone, the country name where it is manufactured, serial number and a bar code that ensures the originality of the product inside it. The fake one will not have the details. Click Here for New Smartphones Best Online Deals Stay tuned to GizBot for more updates! Apple iPhone 7 Apple iPhone 8 Specifications Photos Videos News Specifications Photos Videos News Apple Iphone 7 32gb 54,999 Gallery   |   11 Photos Apple iPhone 7 +See All Read More About apple | iPhone | smartphone | how to | tips and tricks | news Story first published: Tuesday, November 22, 2016, 15:39 [IST] Other articles published on Nov 22, 2016 Please Wait while comments are loading... Let's Take a Quick Sneak Peak at Samsung Smartphones Launched in 2016 Top 40 Best Smartphones that launched in 2016 ASUS Reveals New Smartphone With Android Nougat Featured Posts RECOMMENDEDEDITOR'S PICK Asus Zenfone AR (Augmented Reality) Might be Unveiled at CES 2017 6 Things That'll Happen if Apple Starts Manufacturing iPhones in India 10 Best Exchange Offers Available on Top Selling Smartphones in India Now You Can Sell All Your Old Products on Amazon WhatsApp No Longer Works on Devices Running Android 2.2 and Below ZTE Blade V8 with Dual camera leaks ahead of CES 2017 VPN Explained for Starters Apple Will Cut iPhone Production by 10 % in 2017 Xolo Era 2X 4G VoLTE Smartphone Set to Launch in India on January 5 Samsung Galaxy A (2017) With IP68 Rating Goes Official Opinion Poll 34,688 Followers 13,012 Followers 1,41,901 Followers 7,506 Followers GET OUR TOP TECH STORIES DELIVERED TO YOUR INBOX FOR FREE Do not Disturb Browse by Category | News | Gadget Finder | Videos | Photos | Features | How To | Mobile | Tablet | Computer | Laptop | Gear | Gadgets Social Followers 34,688 Followers 13,012 Followers 1,41,901 Followers 7,506 Followers Sign Up Newsletter Sign up for our daily Newsletter Latest in Mobiles LYF Water 3Karbonn Titanium Vista 4GAsus ZenFone Go 4.5 LTE (ZB450KL)Karbonn K9 Viraat 4GLYF Wind 7SAsus ZenFone 3 Max ZC553KLLenovo K6 NoteSwipe Elite MaxZTE Nubia N1Motorola Moto MSwipe Elite StarPanasonic Eluga PrimAlcatel Idol 4Lenovo Phab 2LG V20 Apps | RSS Feeds | Facebook | Twitter | Google Plus | Newsletters | Media | Sitemap | Feedback | Advertise with us | Careers | About Us | Contact Us © Greynium Information Technologies Pvt. Ltd.| Terms of Service and Privacy Policy
Sign In Username or e-mail * Password * Sign In Forgotten Password? Search form SEARCH Register Subscribe Sign In About Home News Books Charts Blogs Insight Children's FutureBook Bookseller Live Careers Jobs Digital Children's Retail Rights Books International Academic Frankfurt Book Fair You are here Home News Pottermore returns to growth Pottermore returns to growth Published November 21, 2016 by Philip Jones Share Share on Facebook Tweet this on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share on Linkedin Pottermore, the digital content company for J K Rowling's Harry Potter books, returned to growth in its last financial year after the firm’s decision to make its e-books and audiobooks available via Amazon, Apple, Audible and others “really paid off”. In the year to end-March 2016, sales more than doubled to £15.1m, compared to £7m a year earlier, after what it reported was a “significant increase” in sales of e-books and digital audiobooks. The company recorded a pretax loss of £4.9m, compared to a loss of £6m a year before, as it continued to invest in its website, new products, and e-commerce site. The figures do not include the period when Harry Potter and The Cursed Child or Fantastic Beasts were released, or the e-book shorts Pottermore Presents, with the business expecting a return to profitability in the next financial year as a result. They do include the arrival of the Harry Potter enhanced e-books, released in October 2015 through Apple’s iBookstore. Susan Jurevics, chief executive of Pottermore, said the numbers “validated the strategy” unveiled in 2015 that saw the site ink deals with third-party retailers to sell the Harry Potter e-books and audiobooks direct, rather than soley via the Pottermore website. The decision to be the only retailer for the Harry Potter e-books—made ahead of the launch in 2012—was initially heralded as a triumph, but Jurevics reversed it when she took over as c.e.o. indicating that she wanted to give fans “greater consumer access to Harry Potter e-books and audiobooks”. The shift also allowed Pottermore to launch the enhanced e-books via Apple's iBookstore. Last year’s accounts showed that digital content sales fell from £4.8m to £3.9m, and though the firm has not split out sales in 2015/16 figures, Jurevics highlighted the resilience of the first seven titles, as well as the release of the enhanced editions, which would have given the e-books and audiobooks a natural uplift. Last year's accounts also showed the impact of the termination of its relationship with Sony—which originally supported the launch of Pottermore in 2012—its royalties income dropping from £32m to £3m. While the growth in digital content sales has yet to make up this shortfall for this year's accounts, the results show a business becoming more self-sustaining as it moves through the content gears in parallel to the expansion of Rowling's own wizarding world output via the play and the new films. Pottermore now describes itself as a digital publishing, entertainment and news company, with the increase in standalone publishing the most signicant move over the past year. “The shift in Pottermore’s commercial business strategy - working more closely with key business partners - that we began executing in the second half of 2015 has paid off,” said Jurevics. “The new strategic plan is not only driving increased revenue but is also putting us on the path to profitability for our financial year ending in March 2017." Jurevics also highlighted the decision to make Pottermore mobile-friendly, and lift the need for fans to pre-register. Jurevics said that against a backdrop of sustained global appetite for the world created by author J K Rowling, the site had “grown in popularity". The September launch of Rowling’s Patronus experience drew three million registered users in three days, according to the company. Following the unveiling of The Cursed Child play in July and the first of the five films in the Fantastic Beasts spin-off, Jurevics said the website had worked to “broaden and deepen engagement” with its audiences around the world. Jurevics would not say how many copies the e-book version of The Cursed Child script had sold compared with the 1.3m copies the print version has retailed through the Nielsen BookScan TCM, or what the expectations were for the Fantastic Beasts script, released last week, except to say that both has performed “strongly”. According to Nielsen, the increased activity around the Harry Potter brand had led to uplifts across print sales of the original seven. The Harry Potter seven collectively sold 167,172 copies for £885,806 in the 14 weeks before the release of "The Cursed Child" play. In the same period since, they have sold 212,806 copies for £1.08m, a 27% jump in volume and a 22% boost in value. The release of the Fantastic Beasts movie will grow the original franchise even more. When asked about what fresh content would be forthcoming in digital formats from Pottermore, Jurevics said “watch this space”, and highlighted that 2017 was the 20th anniversary of publication of the first Harry Potter book in the UK. ”There is, as you know, an unbelievable thirst for everything Harry Potter, and we are always innovating and looking to how we can meet the needs of the Harry Potter fans.”   retail pottermore Susan Jurevics Harry Potter J K Rowling Share Share on Facebook Tweet this on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share on Linkedin View the discussion thread. Latest Jobs Head of Sales (illustrated Childrens Books) Sales Director (Childrens Books) Training Events & Author Manager More Jobs Latest News Stories Beevor knighted in New Year's Honours Tributes paid to agent David Miller Brexit Island sails into top charts spot Agent David Miller suffers heart attack Four debuts on Richard and Judy's spring selection Richard Adams dies The Official UK CHART 1. Five on Brexit Island by Bruno Vincent 2. Guinness World Records 2017 by 3. The Midnight Gang by Walliams, David 4. The GCHQ Puzzle Book by - 5. Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them: by Rowling, J K 6. Hello, is This Planet Earth? by Tim Peake 7. How it Works: The Grandparent by Jason Hazeley & Joel Morris 8. Jamie Oliver's Christmas Cookbook by Jamie Oliver 9. Five Give Up the Booze by Bruno Vincent 10. Lean in 15: The Sustain Plan by Joe Wicks More Charts Latest issue view online or subscribe now Issue No 5738 Friday, December 9 2016 Back issues available here Site Map Advertise Jobs Contact About Us Editorial Features Privacy Policy ©2017 Bookseller Media Ltd rights reserved. At the Heart of Publishing since 1858
Toggle navigation Personal Finance Saving Money Student Loans Taxes Entertainment Finance Expert Advice Build Credit 15 Best Things to Dip in Chocolate Under $5 Mel Gibson’s Top-Grossing Films of All Time These 5 Top Brokerages Do More Than Average Online Brokers Savings Accounts Best Online Savings Accounts How To Save Tips for Saving More Best Savings Accounts Market Research Money Market How to Choose a High-Yield Savings Account American Express High-Yield Savings Account Review: No Fees and No Minimums These 5 Top Brokerages Do More Than Average Online Brokers CD Rates How To Get The Best CD Rates Best CD Accounts Certificate of Deposit Tips What’s the Tax Rate on Interest Income From Inherited CDs? How CD Laddering Works These 5 Top Brokerages Do More Than Average Online Brokers Loans Best Personal Loans Mortgage Tips Avoid Foreclosure Mortgage Types Refinancing Car Loans Every Personal Loan Option for Your Credit Score 6 Purchases You Should Never Make With Personal Loans These 5 Top Brokerages Do More Than Average Online Brokers Investing Financial Planning Stocks Investing Strategies Mutual Funds Brokerage Hedge Funds Bonds Investing News How to Read Stock Charts in Less Than a Minute 5 Smart Investment Strategies in Case of a 2016 Fed Rate Hike These 5 Top Brokerages Do More Than Average Online Brokers Retirement Retirement Planning Retirement Planning FAQs Retirement Accounts IRAs 401K Roth IRAs Social Security Retirement News The Best Time to Retire in 2017 How to Apply for Social Security These 5 Top Brokerages Do More Than Average Online Brokers Checking Accounts How To Guide: Checking Accounts Checking Account Promotions Checking Account Tips Types of Checking Accounts 6 Times When Your Debit Card Is Better Than Your Credit Card 10 Free Student Checking Accounts These 5 Top Brokerages Do More Than Average Online Brokers Banking Banking Tips Online Banking Interest Rates Banking Industry News 16 Banks Open on New Year’s Eve and New Year’s Day 2017 3 Things to Consider About Where and How You Bank Today These 5 Top Brokerages Do More Than Average Online Brokers Credit Cards Best Credit Card Rates How To Manage Credit Cards Credit Cards Tips How to Apply for a Credit Card How to Avoid a Holiday Finance Hangover These 5 Top Brokerages Do More Than Average Online Brokers follow us: About Us Contact Us Press Our Team Calculators Sitemap Privacy Policy Advertise Email Opt Out Careers GOBankingRates > Personal Finance > Holidays > Christmas > 50 Hottest Holiday Gifts to Buy This Season 50 Hottest Holiday Gifts to Buy This Season By GOBankingRates Staff November 22, 2016 MediaGroup_BestForYou / Shutterstock.com ©Photo Courtesy of Beats ©Photo Courtesy of Amazon ©Photo Courtesy of Hasbro ©Photo Courtesy of LORAC ©Photo Courtesy of KitchenAid ©Photo Courtesy of FitBit ©Photo Courtesy of Microsoft ©Photo Courtesy of LEGO ©Photo Courtesy of Amazon ©Photo Courtesy of Paula Hawkins Books ©Photo Courtesy of H&M ©Photo Courtesy of TOMY.com ©Photo Courtesy of Kiehl's Brent Hofacker / Shutterstock.com ©Photo Courtesy of Nike ©Photo Courtesy of Lenovo ©Photo Courtesy of Amazon Cosmin Coita / Shutterstock.com ©Photo Courtesy of Marc Jacobs ©Photo Courtesy of Jaybird ©Photo Courtesy of LEGO Milkos / Shutterstock.com ©Photo Courtesy of Apple ©Photo Courtesy of KitchenAid ©Photo Courtesy of Victoria's Secret ©Photo Courtesy of FitBit ©Photo Courtesy of Apple ©Photo Courtesy of H&M ©Photo Courtesy of Amazon ©Photo Courtesy of Canon Yury Stroykin / Shutterstock.com ©Photo Courtesy of Disney arisara / Shutterstock.com ©Photo Courtesy of Nordstrom Kaspars Grinvalds / Shutterstock.com oleandra / Shutterstock.com ©Photo Courtesy of Audio Technica ©Photo Courtesy of Lucasfilm LTD ©Photo Courtesy of Nordstrom SunKids / Shutterstock.com ©Photo Courtesy of LG Angela N Perryman / Shutterstock.com ©Photo Courtesy of Apple foto76 / Shutterstock.com ©Photo Courtesy of H&M Ander5 / Shutterstock.com Maridav / Shutterstock.com ©Photo Courtesy of H&M ©Photo Courtesy of LEGO ©Photo Courtesy of Amazon 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 32 33 34 35 36 37 38 39 40 41 42 43 44 45 46 47 48 49 50 If you haven't figured out what to give the special someone in your life, you're in luck — we already did the work for you. The editorial team at GOBankingRates.com compiled 50 of the hottest, most in-demand gifts of the holiday season. Whether you're shopping for your kids, spouse, a fitness fanatic, a bookworm or a techie, we've got you covered. Click through to see the 50 best holiday gifts of 2016, including splurge-worthy must-haves and gift ideas that will help you save money. 1. Beats Solo3 Wireless Boasting up to 40 hours of battery life, the Beats Solo3 Wireless headphones are known for optimal sound clarity and balance. Ideal for blocking out background noise, these headphones are a great choice for everyday use. Price: $219.99 Find Out: 50 Stores With the Best and Worst Return Policies 2. Amazon Fire TV Stick With Alexa Voice Remote For the cord-cutter on your list, give them the gift of new and improved streaming with the Amazon Fire TV Stick with Alexa Voice Remote. Users can enjoy more than 7,000 apps and games, including Netflix, Hulu, HBO NOW, WatchESPN and more. Price: $39.99 3. Easy-Bake Ultimate Oven This childhood staple is sure to bring out the little bakers in boys and girls alike this Christmas. The Easy-Bake Ultimate Oven comes with mixes, pan and pan tool and is perfect for kids ages 8 and up. Adult supervision required. Price: $43.99 4. Lorac A Lavish Affair Alter Ego Lip Gloss Give her a lip color for every look in her closet with the Lorac A Lavish Affair Alter Ego Lip Gloss Collection. The set comes with six colors ranging from Bae (nude) to Dominatrix (deep burgundy). Price: $25 See: The Best Luxury Beauty Gift Sets Under $100 5. KitchenAid Precision Press Coffee Maker Coffee connoisseurs know that a French press makes a world of difference when it comes to their morning cup of joe. Give your amateur barista a KitchenAid Precision Press from Target, which allows them to brew to perfection with its integrated timer and scale. Price: $129.99 6. FitBit Charge 2 Any fitness lover will jump for joy over a new FitBit Charge 2 from Amazon. This watch and fitness monitor combo is available in six colors and measures sleep, calorie burn and heart rate zones. Price: $149.95 7. Xbox One S Battlefield 1 Special Edition Bundle Gamers rejoice. There’s never been a better, or cheaper, time to dive into the next generation of consoles. Just in time for the holiday season, the Xbox One S Battlefield 1 Special Edition Bundle includes a 1 TB version of the console in a unique military green and a code to download the full “Battlefield 1” game. You can find this bundle at most electronic retailers. Price: $299.99 8. Lego DC Super Hero Girls Who doesn’t love Harley Quinn and Batgirl? Just in time for the holidays, Lego is releasing several super heroine toys. Keep your eye on Lego.com. The release date for these products is Dec. 1, and they'll likely be a hot sell this holiday season. Price: Varies Find Out: 10 Toys That Will Sell Out Fast This Christmas 9. Amazon Fire HD 8 Tablet Buy your loved one a new tablet this holiday season for less than $100. Amazon offers access to thousands of free apps and games, as well as millions of movies, TV shows, music and more. With a 12-hour battery and a 16 or 32 GB of internal storage, the Amazon Fire HD 8 is sure to provide hours of endless entertainment for all ages. Price: $89.99 10. 'The Girl on the Train' Hit up Amazon for the gift of reading this season with the hardcover version of “The Girl on the Train“ by Paula Hawkins. This thriller is a No. 1 New York Times Best Seller and movie, starring Emily Blunt and Justin Theroux. Price: $14.79 11. H&M + Kenzo Collection H&M teamed up with the Parisian luxury brand, Kenzo, for a new line full of color and bold patterns. The Kenzo X H&M collection, available for both men and women, features jackets, blouses, T-shirts, pants and accessories. Price: Varies 12. Pokemon Z-Ring Set The Pokemon Z-Ring set is sure to provide kids ages 4 to 8 with hours of interactive fun come Christmas. The Z-Ring hits the market on Nov. 23. Price: $29.84 13. Kiehl’s Age Defender Collection for Men For the man in your life who takes skin care seriously, Kiehl’s Age Defender Collection is the gift that will give him a younger, fresher face. This gift set contains a serum, moisturizer and an eye treatment, all designed to tighten, tone and prevent wrinkles. Price: $88 14. Moscow Mule Kit For the craft cocktail lover, give him the ingredients to play bartender with a Moscow Mule kit. Make sure the kit includes copper mugs, ginger beer and a recipe card — and, of course, vodka. Price: Varies 15. Nike HyperAdapt 1.0 Gift the footwear of the future with the Nike HyperAdapt 1.0. This ultra-exclusive shoe is self-lacing and tailors the correct “lacing and tension preference” for the wearer. Working out will never be the same. The shoes debuts Nov. 28, so check Nike.com for updates. Price: $720 16. Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon Lenovo’s ThinkPad line of notebook computers has long been a popular item among consumers. The second generation X1 Carbon Ultrabook features a 14-inch LED-backlit touchscreen display, 8 GB DDR3 memory and a battery life of up to 9 hours. Pick up a certified refurbished model on Amazon at a low cost. Price: $679 17. Amazon Echo The music lover on your list will love the Amazon Echo, which plays all their streaming music options using just their voice. This smart device also answers questions, reads audiobooks and keeps you up-to-date with the news, traffic and weather. Price: $179.99 18. Over-the-Knee Boots The must-have shoe of the season is the over-the-knee boot. Surprise the fashionista on your list with a pair. Styles range from leather to suede and hot colors like tan, black and gray. Price: Varies 19. Marc Jacobs Daisy Rollerball Trio The gift of scent will last all year long with the Marc Jacobs Daisy Rollerball Trio from Sephora. The set includes scents for every occasion or mood: Daisy, sweet floral scent Daisy Dream, a fresh and fruity scent Daisy Eau So Fresh, a fruity fragrance with a woody base Price: $49 20. Jaybird X3 Wireless Sport Headphones Bring music to your fitness lover in a whole new way with Jaybird X3 Wireless In-Ear Headphones from Best Buy. These wireless buds are sweat-proof and offer superior sound. With an 8-hour battery life, there is no hill too steep or hike too long that these buds can’t handle. Price: $129.99 21. Lego Nexo Knights – The Fortrex Great for advanced Lego aficionados ages 9 to 14, this 1,140-piece 2-in-1 castle set provides the ultimate battle setting. Aptly named The Fortrex, this Lego set includes 7 mini-figures, shooters and weapons. The best part: The 2-in-1 walls allow you to go from a detailed headquarters complete with round table and prison to a mobile machine. Price: $99.99 22. Blue Apron Give the gift of food with a Blue Apron subscription. The meal delivery service has been deemed “a better way to cook” with its farm-fresh produce and meats with no added hormones and sustainably-sourced seafood. Each delivery comes with a recipe, how-to videos and everything you need for a great home cooked meal. Price: $59.94 for three recipes for two people each week 23. MacBook Pro Apple released the newest and lightest MacBook Pro in late October, available in 13- and 15-inch displays. The 13-inch base model runs 8 GB 1866 MHz memory and 256 GB storage with a 2.0 GHz dual-core Intel Core i5 processor. Price: Starting at $1,499 24. KitchenAid Artisan Mini Stand Mixer Considered by many to be the crown jewel of the kitchen, no chef’s tool set is complete without a KitchenAid Artisan Mini Stand Mixer from Macy's. Just as powerful as the large classic version, the Mini comes in 10 colors and with a 3.5-quart stainless steel bowl that can make up to five dozen cookies. Price: $299.99 25. Victoria’s Secret Holiday 2016 Give the special lady in your life something lacy this holiday season from Victoria’s Secret’s Holiday 2016 lingerie, like the Dream Angels push-up w/o padding long line bra and the Sexy Shortie. Price: $25 & $56.50. 26. FitBit Alta Keep fitness goals in check with the FitBit Alta from Target or FitBit.com. This customizable fitness tracker tracks steps, distance, calories burned and sleep while syncing wirelessly to your computer or smartphone. And the FitBit Alta Gold adds a touch of sophistication to any outfit, perfect for the stylish health enthusiast on your list. Price: $129.95 - $149.95 27. iTunes Gift Card An iTunes gift card is the perfect stocking stuffer for teenagers and music snobs alike. And like most gift cards, it’s hassle-free. If you’re buying for a tech-savvy loved one, you might prefer the electronic iTunes gift card via email. The e-gift card also allows for more flexibility when choosing dollar amounts. Price: iTunes Gift Card - $25-$100; Electronic iTunes Gift Card - $10-$200 28. Scented Candle in Glass Holder (Cinnamon) Scented candles make a great, low-cost stocking stuffer for all the ladies in your life. And this one from H&M in cinnamon scent is sure to bring some spice this holiday season. It also comes in patchouli (dark green) and mahogany (black). Price: $5.99 29. Amazon Kindle Paperwhite Give the bookworm on your list an Amazon Kindle Paperwhite E-reader. Its built-in adjustable light allows for easy reading day or night of more than a million available book titles for $2.99 or less. Best of all? There is no screen glare in sunlight. Price: From $119.99 30. Canon EOS 7D Mark II DSLR Camera For the serious photographer in your life, consider the Canon EOS 7D Mark II. Its fast autofocus, 10 frames per second shooting and excellent build quality make it a great choice for anyone looking to capture crystal clear, professional-grade photos. Price: $1,499 31. Air Humidifier Is this the most exciting gift? Probably not. But if you have someone on your shopping list who values practical gifts, you can rest easy that they’ll get a lot of mileage out of an air humidifier, which you can easily find online at various prices. Price: Varies 32. Disney Elena of Avalor Royal Gown Doll Surprise the little girl in your life with a must-have doll of the season, such as the Elena of Avalor Royal Gown Doll. One of Disney’s hottest new princesses, the doll features a tiara, bracelet, earrings and a pair of shoes. Price (regular): $15.99 33. ‘Two by Two’ by Nicholas Sparks One of the world’s most beloved storytellers, author Nicholas Sparks returns with his new book “Two By Two.” The story of a young father’s journey of unconditional love, its risk and rewards, will surely be a page-turner for any bookworm. Available on Amazon. Price: varies 34. NFL Woven Silk Tie Let him show off his team spirit — at dinner or in the boardroom — with a NFL woven silk or print tie from Nordstrom. Choose from more than 20 pro football teams. Price: $85 35. Hoverboard While no one will ever be as cool as Marty McFly, everyone can still have a fun time riding a hoverboard this holiday season. A popular item last Christmas, hoverboards continue to fill up gift lists and are huge hits among children and adults alike. But buyer beware: There have been reports of these “hot” items catching fire and injuring people. Price: varies 36. Portable Grill Whether they’re a camper or a tailgater, a portable grill is a must for any outdoor lover. No matter where they use it, steaks and other meats will come out perfect if the grill has a built-in thermometer for accuracy. Price: Varies 37. Audio Technica Stereo Turntable Record players are in high demand this year. Audio Technica’s automatic turntable is belt-driven, wireless and comes enabled with Bluetooth technology for easy setup, as well as sound quality music enthusiasts will love. Price: As low as $129 38. Sphero Star Wars BB-8 Droid Explore the world of Star Wars with the BB-8 Droid app-controlled robot. Cool features include the ability to record and view hologram videos and voice command. But what might make this worth your money: The droid’s personality will adapt based on your interactions. Price: $127.99, but varies 39. Cuff Links Add that finishing touch to your husband or boyfriend’s suit this New Year’s Eve with a new pair of cuff links. If he’s into sports, give the gift of his favorite team, like these Chicago Bears cuff links from Nordstrom. Price: $60 40. Sweaters Warm up this winter with a cozy sweater. From knits and turtlenecks, to cashmere and trendy styles, stores like H&M and Nordstrom have options for everyone on your list. Price: Varies 41. LG PH1 Portable Bluetooth Speaker Allow music lovers to take their tunes wherever they go with the LG PH1 portable Bluetooth speaker. This compact, light speaker delivers exceptional sound, LED mood lighting, a built-in microphone for hands-free conversations and more. Buy one on eBay or Amazon. Price: Around $60+, but varies 42. Infinity Scarves Infinity scarves are a must-have accessory when the weather turns cold. Target offers an endless array of colors and fabrics with a variety of price points to match. Price: As low as $5, but varies 43. Apple Watch® Nike+ Fitness and technology join forces with the Apple Watch® Nike+. Dubbed the “perfect running partner,” this watch tracks your distance with built-in GPS and monitors your heart rate. It’s perfect for the long distance runner in your life. Price: $399 44. Sunglasses Some things never go out of style, like sunglasses. From styles like wayfarers, aviators and more, these specs are the epitome of cool. Choose from a variety of designers and brands, including Ray-Ban, Oakley, Michael Kors and more. Price: Varies 45. Nail Polish Keep her nails looking festive this holiday season with nail polish from H&M. With more than two dozen colors — like Peppermint and Red Over Heels — it will be hard to choose just one. Price: $6.99 and under 46. Choker Necklaces What goes around comes around, and it couldn’t be truer for ‘90s fashion. The choker necklace is once again en vogue, with styles ranging from velvet to delicate chains to lariats. It also makes a great stocking stuffer. Price: Varies 47. A Weekend Getaway A little R&R always does someone good, so why not treat your loved one to a weekend getaway? Whether it’s an action-packed trip to Las Vegas or a relaxing escape to a Scottsdale spa, Booking.com has accommodations covered. Price: Varies Find Out: 6 Reasons to Skip Christmas and Travel Instead 48. Leather Jacket A leather jacket is a wardrobe staple for any man or woman. H&M offers a variety of on-trend styles, including biker and draped versions. Price: $249 49. LEGO® Technic Porsche 911 GT3 RS Great for anyone who is passionate about cars and how they work, builders will get to explore the assembly process for the Porsche 911 T3 RS. The set includes more than 2,000 pieces and is ideal for those ages 16 and up. Price: $299.99 50. Amazon Echo Dot Make any home a smart home with the Amazon Echo Dot. This voice-controlled device uses Bluetooth technology to connect to speakers and can also control lights, thermostats, sprinklers and much, much more. Price: $49.99 Keep Reading: Best Black Friday Deals From Target, Best Buy and More Prices may vary and change at the retailers' discretion. Please visit the retailers' websites for the most up-to-date prices. Next 31 Ways to Avoid Overspending on Black Friday View All Share This Article Save on Your Christmas Decor With These 7 Tips The Worst Gift Cards to Buy This Holiday Season Related Articles Why Netflix Stock Hits Record Highs as Walt Disney Stock Plummets How Target, Costco and Other Stores Can Help You Afford Christmas Holiday Gift Guide for Your Crazy Family Why I Don’t Let Santa Spoil My Kids These responses are not provided or commissioned by the bank advertiser. Responses have not been reviewed, approved or otherwise endorsed by the bank advertiser. It is not the bank advertiser's responsibility to ensure all posts and/or questions are answered. We would love to hear your comments and feedback Advertiser Disclosure Open a New Account * APY = Annual Percentage Yield Most Popular Personal Finance Articles 15 Best Things to Dip in Chocolate Under $5 Mel Gibson’s Top-Grossing Films of All Time Save $20,000 This Year With These 20 Hacks Sober Up With These 13 Cheap Remedies on National Hangover Day Most Viewed Personal Finance Video Fark Module Advertiser Disclosure: Many of the offers appearing on this site are from advertisers from which this website receives compensation for being listed here. This compensation may impact how and where products appear on this site (including, for example, the order in which they appear). These offers do not represent all deposit accounts available. Featured In: Back To top GOBankingRates Newsletter: Subscribe × About Us Contact Us Press Our Team Calculators Sitemap Privacy Policy Advertise Email Opt Out Careers Back To top © 2017 GOBankingRates. All Rights Reserved.
The Financial Express | Financial Online Newspaper Today's FE Dhaka,  Tue,  03 January 2017 Home Economy Finance Trade and Market Stock National World Editorial Op-Ed Sci-tech Education Sports Health Entertainment Economy National Economy Global Economy Finance Trade and Market Stock Global Stock Bangladesh National Politics Country Crime World America Asia Europe Africa Editorial Op-Ed Views Columns Opinion Reviews Analysis LETTERS Sci-tech Technology Science Environment More Education Sports Health Entertainment Miscellaneous E-PAPER 1JANATAMF 6.10   -0.20 -3.17%   1STPRIMFMF 12.30   -0.20 -1.60%   AAMRATECH 33.50   -0.60 -1.76%   ABB1STMF 6.00   -0.10 -1.64%   ABBANK 21.80   -0.40 -1.80%   ACI   16.30   ACIFORMULA 161.20   8.50 5.57%   ACMELAB 106.20   4.20 4.12%   ACTIVEFINE 45.70   1.70 3.86%   AFCAGRO 55.00   2.30 4.36%   AFTABAUTO 61.30   2.70 4.61%   AGNISYSL 21.20   0.00 0.00%   AGRANINS 23.70   -0.30 -1.25%   AIBL1STIMF 8.20   0.00 0.00%   AL-HAJTEX 91.80   2.00 2.23%   ALARABANK 16.00   0.00 0.00%   ALLTEX 13.30   1.20 9.92%   AMANFEED 73.60   1.00 1.38%   AMBEEPHA 391.10   4.50 1.16%   AMCL(PRAN) 213.90   4.70 2.25%   ANLIMAYARN 30.70   0.30 0.99%   ANWARGALV 72.80   2.50 3.56%   APEXFOODS 140.80   0.40 0.28%   APEXFOOT 342.60   -0.20 -0.06%   APEXSPINN 111.50   1.90 1.73%   APEXTANRY 140.00   -0.90 -0.64%   APOLOISPAT 20.50   -0.30 -1.44%   ARAMIT 388.70   20.10 5.45%   ARAMITCEM 44.90   4.00 9.78%   ARGONDENIM 31.70   -0.60 -1.86%   ASIAINS 20.40   0.90 4.62%   ASIAPACINS 21.00   1.90 9.95%   ATCSLGF 10.60   0.10 0.95%   ATLASBANG 115.60   0.50 0.43%   AZIZPIPES 69.00   -1.00 -1.43%   BANGAS 127.40   2.20 1.76%   BANKASIA 17.90   -0.20 -1.10%   BARKAPOWER 31.30   -0.20 -0.63%   BATASHOE 1154.00   2.00 0.17%   BATBC   -0.10   BAYLEASING 24.10   -0.50 -2.03%   BBS   4.00   BDAUTOCA 88.70   7.30 8.97%   BDCOM   -0.10   BDFINANCE 15.40   -0.20 -1.28%   BDLAMPS 181.90   3.10 1.73%   BDTHAI 25.60   0.20 0.79%   BDWELDING 14.40   1.00 7.46%   BEACHHATCH 12.60   0.80 6.78%   BEACONPHAR 22.60   0.20 0.89%   BENGALWTL 51.50   -1.20 -2.28%   BERGERPBL 2329.90   12.10 0.52%   BEXIMCO 27.40   1.10 4.18%   BGIC   0.80   BIFC   -0.80   BNICL   0.30   BRACBANK 63.90   -0.30 -0.47%   BSC   -3.80   BSCCL   1.20   BSRMLTD 136.60   6.10 4.67%   BSRMSTEEL 97.00   4.20 4.53%   BXPHARMA 83.80   2.60 3.20%   BXSYNTH 9.00   -0.10 -1.10%   CENTRALINS 18.70   0.20 1.08%   CENTRALPHL 22.60   0.50 2.26%   CITYBANK 26.60   -0.30 -1.12%   CITYGENINS 17.50   0.70 4.17%   CMCKAMAL 23.00   0.10 0.44%   CNATEX 10.60   -0.30 -2.75%   CONFIDCEM 118.00   4.40 3.87%   CONTININS 20.50   1.80 9.63%   CVOPRL 208.00   4.80 2.36%   DACCADYE 9.30   0.10 1.09%   DAFODILCOM 44.00   1.00 2.33%   DBH   2.80   DBH1STMF 7.60   0.00 0.00%   DELTALIFE 107.20   5.30 5.20%   DELTASPINN 10.60   -0.40 -3.64%   DESCO   1.50   DESHBANDHU 12.40   0.00 0.00%   DHAKABANK 17.90   -0.30 -1.65%   DHAKAINS 24.60   1.30 5.58%   DOREENPWR 108.40   -3.20 -2.87%   DSHGARME 302.70   6.80 2.30%   DSSL   -0.50   DULAMIACOT 9.90   0.90 10.00%   DUTCHBANGL 116.00   -1.30 -1.11%   EASTERNINS 27.60   0.30 1.10%   EASTLAND 23.10   -0.30 -1.28%   EASTRNLUB 1232.00   7.20 0.59%   EBL   0.10   EBL1STMF 6.90   0.30 4.55%   EBLNRBMF 7.90   0.40 5.33%   ECABLES 141.00   1.10 0.79%   EHL   1.20   EMERALDOIL 39.90   -1.00 -2.44%   ENVOYTEX 39.00   -0.30 -0.76%   ETL   -0.40   EXIM1STMF 7.90   -0.30 -3.66%   EXIMBANK 11.60   -0.30 -2.52%   FAMILYTEX 9.60   -0.30 -3.03%   FARCHEM 24.90   0.90 3.75%   FAREASTFIN 12.20   -0.60 -4.69%   FAREASTLIF 72.40   4.10 6.00%   FASFIN 14.20   -0.70 -4.70%   FBFIF   0.00   FEDERALINS 14.20   0.60 4.41%   FEKDIL 28.50   1.20 4.40%   FINEFOODS 25.80   -0.40 -1.53%   FIRSTFIN 10.90   0.00 0.00%   FIRSTSBANK 13.20   -0.50 -3.65%   FORTUNE 52.20   0.00 0.00%   FUWANGCER 17.70   -0.60 -3.28%   FUWANGFOOD 15.90   -0.40 -2.45%   GBBPOWER 19.60   -0.70 -3.45%   GEMINISEA 727.50   7.40 1.03%   GENNEXT 9.80   -0.10 -1.01%   GHAIL   5.20   GHCL   0.40   GLAXOSMITH 1536.40   0.00 0.00%   GLOBALINS 17.60   -0.30 -1.68%   GOLDENSON 22.80   0.50 2.24%   GP   1.80   GPHISPAT 35.00   0.20 0.57%   GQBALLPEN 73.00   2.60 3.69%   GRAMEENS2 12.70   0.10 0.79%   GREENDELMF 7.60   0.20 2.70%   GREENDELT 54.40   2.00 3.82%   GSPFINANCE 24.50   -0.60 -2.39%   HAKKANIPUL 51.00   2.20 4.51%   HEIDELBCEM 543.00   -1.00 -0.18%   HFL   -0.30   HRTEX   1.30   HWAWELLTEX 39.80   -0.90 -2.21%   IBBLPBOND 984.50   -0.50 -0.05%   IBNSINA 217.00   13.40 6.58%   ICB   11.10   ICB1STNRB 21.10   0.20 0.96%   ICB2NDNRB 8.80   0.00 0.00%   ICB3RDNRB 6.10   0.00 0.00%   ICBAMCL2ND 6.30   -0.10 -1.56%   ICBEPMF1S1 6.70   -0.20 -2.90%   ICBIBANK 4.90   -0.20 -3.92%   ICBSONALI1 6.70   -0.10 -1.47%   IDLC   -1.20   IFADAUTOS 106.00   0.30 0.28%   IFIC   -0.30   IFIC1STMF 5.70   -0.20 -3.39%   IFILISLMF1 7.50   0.30 4.17%   ILFSL   -0.30   IMAMBUTTON 17.80   -1.00 -5.32%   INTECH 15.20   -0.30 -1.94%   IPDC   1.80   ISLAMIBANK 29.90   -0.40 -1.32%   ISLAMICFIN 18.80   -0.60 -3.09%   ISLAMIINS 20.10   0.90 4.69%   ISNLTD 14.10   -0.20 -1.40%   ITC   0.90   JAMUNABANK 15.80   -0.10 -0.63%   JAMUNAOIL 185.50   3.40 1.87%   JANATAINS 14.00   0.30 2.19%   JMISMDL 178.80   3.50 2.00%   JUTESPINN 55.00   0.50 0.92%   KARNAPHULI 16.10   0.30 1.90%   KAY&QUE 33.80   -0.20 -0.59%   KBPPWBIL 22.20   0.60 2.78%   KDSALTD 89.00   -0.60 -0.67%   KEYACOSMET 13.20   0.10 0.76%   KOHINOOR 379.00   1.50 0.40%   KPCL   0.70   KPPL   -0.10   LAFSURCEML 83.10   1.00 1.22%   LANKABAFIN 35.90   0.00 0.00%   LEGACYFOOT 23.80   0.30 1.28%   LIBRAINFU 497.00   4.80 0.98%   LINDEBD 1277.20   -27.30 -2.09%   LRGLOBMF1 7.20   0.00 0.00%   MAKSONSPIN 9.30   0.40 4.49%   MALEKSPIN 18.00   0.00 0.00%   MARICO 984.90   -7.50 -0.76%   MATINSPINN 42.00   0.20 0.48%   MBL1STMF 7.40   0.00 0.00%   MEGCONMILK 12.90   0.20 1.57%   MEGHNACEM 108.40   3.00 2.85%   MEGHNALIFE 59.50   3.30 5.87%   MEGHNAPET 11.00   0.90 8.91%   MERCANBANK 14.70   -0.30 -2.00%   MERCINS 17.00   0.40 2.41%   METROSPIN 8.90   0.20 2.30%   MHSML   -1.30   MICEMENT 84.00   1.70 2.07%   MIDASFIN 27.20   -0.80 -2.86%   MIRACLEIND 58.60   -1.30 -2.17%   MITHUNKNIT 57.50   1.30 2.31%   MJLBD   2.50   MODERNDYE 180.50   0.80 0.45%   MONNOCERA 42.70   1.70 4.15%   MONNOSTAF 555.00   24.10 4.54%   MPETROLEUM 175.00   3.90 2.28%   MTB   -0.40   NATLIFEINS 192.10   -2.30 -1.18%   NAVANACNG 79.30   -0.40 -0.50%   NBL   0.20   NCCBANK 13.40   0.30 2.29%   NCCBLMF1 7.70   0.20 2.67%   NFML   0.40   NHFIL   1.80   NITOLINS 23.80   0.60 2.59%   NLI1STMF 12.80   -0.30 -2.29%   NORTHERN 227.10   8.00 3.65%   NORTHRNINS 21.50   1.10 5.39%   NPOLYMAR 78.00   3.60 4.84%   NTC   54.00   NTLTUBES 132.00   5.20 4.10%   OAL   0.00   OLYMPIC 307.00   -1.80 -0.58%   ONEBANKLTD 17.70   -0.10 -0.56%   ORIONINFU 62.80   1.90 3.12%   ORIONPHARM 42.80   0.80 1.90%   PADMALIFE 29.60   0.60 2.07%   PADMAOIL 183.50   2.70 1.49%   PARAMOUNT 19.50   0.70 3.72%   PENINSULA 35.70   2.70 8.18%   PEOPLESINS 18.70   0.40 2.19%   PF1STMF 7.00   0.40 6.06%   PHARMAID 254.00   11.70 4.83%   PHENIXINS 26.70   -1.00 -3.61%   PHOENIXFIN 26.90   -0.60 -2.18%   PHPMF1 5.80   0.10 1.75%   PIONEERINS 31.40   0.50 1.62%   PLFSL   0.10   POPULAR1MF 5.70   0.00 0.00%   POPULARLIF 74.10   4.60 6.62%   POWERGRID 56.00   1.50 2.75%   PRAGATIINS 28.10   0.70 2.55%   PRAGATILIF 100.90   0.90 0.90%   PREMIERBAN 10.00   -0.20 -1.96%   PREMIERCEM 90.10   -0.70 -0.77%   PREMIERLEA 14.30   0.00 0.00%   PRIME1ICBA 6.40   0.40 6.67%   PRIMEBANK 17.50   -0.30 -1.69%   PRIMEFIN 10.90   0.50 4.81%   PRIMEINSUR 19.20   0.70 3.78%   PRIMELIFE 66.80   1.90 2.93%   PRIMETEX 23.00   0.40 1.77%   PROGRESLIF 53.00   -1.00 -1.85%   PROVATIINS 18.60   0.20 1.09%   PTL   0.00   PUBALIBANK 23.90   0.10 0.42%   PURABIGEN 18.00   0.50 2.86%   QSMDRYCELL 98.00   0.30 0.31%   RAHIMAFOOD 127.20   -5.90 -4.43%   RAHIMTEXT 251.60   8.40 3.45%   RAKCERAMIC 64.30   1.10 1.74%   RANFOUNDRY 116.20   4.70 4.22%   RDFOOD 18.60   -0.30 -1.59%   RECKITTBEN 1540.00   -10.10 -0.65%   REGENTTEX 17.10   -0.60 -3.39%   RELIANCE1 9.60   -0.20 -2.04%   RELIANCINS 51.40   1.30 2.59%   RENATA 1082.00   -0.20 -0.02%   RENWICKJA 644.80   14.00 2.22%   REPUBLIC 24.90   0.60 2.47%   RNSPIN 27.90   1.10 4.10%   RSRMSTEEL 81.70   1.10 1.36%   RUPALIBANK 26.90   -0.20 -0.74%   RUPALIINS 19.50   0.50 2.63%   RUPALILIFE 41.00   3.70 9.92%   SAFKOSPINN 14.60   -0.30 -2.01%   SAIFPOWER 52.60   0.50 0.96%   SAIHAMCOT 16.70   -0.50 -2.91%   SAIHAMTEX 16.20   -0.30 -1.82%   SALAMCRST 39.80   0.70 1.79%   SALVOCHEM 17.30   -0.50 -2.81%   SAMATALETH 33.90   -0.10 -0.29%   SAMORITA 79.10   7.00 9.71%   SANDHANINS 34.90   1.30 3.87%   SAPORTL 51.00   -1.00 -1.92%   SEBL1STMF 12.30   0.10 0.82%   SEMLLECMF 10.50   -0.20 -1.87%   SHAHJABANK 14.90   -0.10 -0.67%   SHASHADNIM 76.40   2.90 3.95%   SHURWID 13.50   -0.90 -6.25%   SHYAMPSUG 27.90   0.40 1.45%   SIBL   -0.20   SIMTEX 22.00   0.80 3.77%   SINGERBD 200.30   2.70 1.37%   SINOBANGLA 29.40   0.30 1.03%   SONALIANSH 194.00   3.90 2.05%   SONARBAINS 17.80   0.00 0.00%   SONARGAON 11.80   0.60 5.36%   SOUTHEASTB 18.40   -0.10 -0.54%   SPCERAMICS 11.50   0.50 4.55%   SPCL   4.90   SQUARETEXT 70.20   0.80 1.15%   SQURPHARMA 249.00   0.80 0.32%   STANCERAM 54.20   1.20 2.26%   STANDARINS 17.90   0.20 1.13%   STANDBANKL 11.90   -0.30 -2.46%   STYLECRAFT 1382.00   16.20 1.19%   SUMITPOWER 39.10   1.70 4.55%   SUNLIFEINS 23.30   1.80 8.37%   TAKAFULINS 18.30   0.20 1.10%   TALLUSPIN 11.80   0.30 2.61%   TITASGAS 49.50   -0.60 -1.20%   TOSRIFA 22.30   0.20 0.90%   TRUSTB1MF 6.30   0.10 1.61%   TRUSTBANK 23.80   0.00 0.00%   TUNGHAI 12.60   -0.30 -2.33%   UCB   -0.20   UNIONCAP 20.40   -0.70 -3.32%   UNIQUEHRL 56.10   -0.80 -1.41%   UNITEDAIR 6.70   0.00 0.00%   UNITEDFIN 23.50   -0.50 -2.08%   UNITEDINS 25.60   -0.30 -1.16%   UPGDCL 146.10   3.30 2.31%   USMANIAGL 90.30   -1.10 -1.20%   UTTARABANK 24.70   0.10 0.41%   UTTARAFIN 61.60   0.50 0.82%   VAMLBDMF1 9.60   0.30 3.23%   VAMLRBBF 8.80   -0.10 -1.12%   WATACHEM 178.00   6.30 3.67%   WMSHIPYARD 33.80   0.60 1.81%   YPL   0.60   ZAHEENSPIN 21.30   0.70 3.40%   ZAHINTEX 19.40   -0.50 -2.51%   ZEALBANGLA 37.00   -4.10 -9.98%   Latest News Brazil prison riot leaves 50 dead Stocks close higher: DSE turnover crosses 14b-mark Hopes in the New Year  Murder of MP Liton  New Year mayhem at Istanbul   Easing cities of migrants' pressure On rural income Option for city government   President to hold EC formation talks with AL on Jan 11 Corruption and its dimension: Prevention and deterrence SPM and pipelines installation will save cost for imported petroleum TIME - 09:11 am National President to hold EC formation talks with AL Economy New Tk 5 note from Jan 5 World Brazil prison riot leaves 50 dead Stock Stocks close higher: DSE turnover crosses 14b-mark Govt bans local ads on downlinked TV channels TOP NEWS SIM sales dipped in 2016, internet users increased   Myanmar investigates Rohingya abuse video MP Liton laid to rest in Gaibandha World's highest bridge opens to traffic in China Cabinet approves draft of housing research institute bill Cabinet okays draft of CDA act  ACC regains public trust through crackdown in 2016 IS claims Turkey attack Indian SC bans religion in electioneering Whither goes winter?  Hopes in the New Year  January 2, 2017, 9:10 pm WE stepped into a New Year when year 2016 came to a close. This year like all other years in the past began with a lot of hope and promise. This year we can hope for a better political and Read more Murder of MP Liton  January 2, 2017, 9:09 pm ON the New Year night, the news that rocked us was the gruesome murder of the current MP of Gaibandha-1 Monjurul Islam Liton. The police is still investigating into the incident and we sincerely hope that the mystery would be Read more Economy China to cut coal capacity China aims to optimise the structure of its coal production by reducing outdated capacity and increasing the use of cleaner products. The world's largest coal producer and consumer will cut outdated Cost of living rises in Dhaka January 2, 2017, 10:56 am Remittance drops in last year January 2, 2017, 10:25 am Corporate tax climbs January 2, 2017, 10:09 am CAB estimates 6.7pc hike in living expense in 2016 January 1, 2017, 5:54 pm Vietnam's FDI disbursement hits record high in 2016 December 30, 2016, 7:20 pm Finance 'Getting sufficient investment a major challenge in 2017' Finance Minister Abul Maal Abdul Muhith said getting sufficient investment would be a major challenge of Bangladesh’s economy in 2017. "Investment is still a challenge," was his reply to a query from a reporter on Sunday, reports bdnews24.com. In 2016, poverty alleviation, PCBs’ operating profits slow Indians crowd banks on rupee deposit deadline day Industrial term loan on lower curve Banks stable overall: RBI Editorial Option for city government   When the development paradigm shift in favour of equitable distribution Option for city government   When the development paradigm shift in favour of equitable distribution Op-Ed New Year mayhem at Istanbul   ON the New Year's eve, 39 people were killed in New Year mayhem at Istanbul   ON the New Year's eve, 39 people were killed in Easing cities of migrants' pressure Mass exodus of internal migrants to urban centres has led Easing cities of migrants' pressure Mass exodus of internal migrants to urban centres has led On rural income Income is considered to be one of the most important On rural income Income is considered to be one of the most important Stock Stocks see steep rise in early trading Stocks witnessed sharp rise in early hours on Monday, the second trading session of the New Year, as investors continued New Year’s first session sees rally 11 companies offer IPOs of Tk 8.49b in 2016 Global stocks brace for 2017 shocks Stock Market: 2016 saw slow but steady revival US stocks end slump Hong Kong stocks end higher Stocks stocky on New Year Day China stocks rise slightly National OIC to discuss Rohingya issue on Jan 19 The member states of the Organisation of Islamic Cooperation (OIC) will come together in Kuala Lumpur on January 19 to discuss possible actions on the situation of the Rohingya Muslim minority in Myanmar. Sources said, this is going to be an ‘extraordinary’ meeting of the Council of Foreign Ministers. State Minister for Foreign Affairs Md Shahriar Alam is expected to represent Khagrachhari Upazila chairman arrested Govt plans to add 1,840 MW power in 2017 Sister files complaint over MP Liton murder 2,850 phensedyl bottles recovered Police nab 37 in Dinajpur Satkhira police arrest 22 Highway pile-up kills one Weather likely to remain dry Trade and Market Veg output rises steadily Bangladesh vegetable yields have jumped by 32 per cent in the last six years, agriculture ministry data show.  This contrasts with a lower level of habit in its intake.  The data shows the country grew 14.4347 million tonnes vegetables in 2015-16 fiscal year, up by 3.5 million from 2009-10.  A staple crop, potato has marked a 10 per cent rise in production since Tiger Tours joins hands with Airspan Iran, ATR set to sign deal for 20 passenger planes Hyundai, Kia aim to increase sales Brent curve signals oil tanks will start emptying in 2nd half of 2017: Analyst Walton sets up ‘Mega premier pavilion’ at DITF-17 Leather goods ‘Product of the Year’ Apple to cut iPhone production Oil prices ends year with biggest gain since 2009 World Prankster alters LA's landmark sign The iconic hillside sign overlooking Southern California's film-and-television hub was defaced overnight in honour of marijuana. Residents awoke on Sunday to Istanbul nightclub attack: manhunt continues  Convicted inmates escape in Bahrain jailbreak Drunk 'Sunwing' pilot held before take-off Sci-tech PM opens dot bangla domain Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina officially launched the long-awaited internationalised domain name (IDN) dot bangla, paving the way to build websites Moderate to thick fog likely PM to inaugurate dot bangla domain Saturday Weather may remain dry Education Primary exams a confidence booster: PM Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina says certificates awarded to fifth-graders for clearing the Primary Education Completion and Ebtedayee exams will help gain confidence. "When students get certificates, it creates a sense of achievement among them," she said on Thursday after publishing the results for this year's public exams. The success rate for this year's PEC exams for school students stands at 98.51 per cent while 95.85 per cent madrasa-goers cleared the Ebtedayee exams. Results to the Junior School Certificate (JSC) and Junior Dhakil Certificate ... All failed at 28 education institutions 98.51pc pass in PEC, 95.85pc in Ebtedayee 93.06pc pass in JSC, JDC Sports Indian SC removes two BCCI officials Indian Supreme Court (SC) has ordered the removal of two cricket administrators for failing to reform the country's cricket body Giroud stunner sets up Gunner win Reds down City Chelsea gets 13th straight win Health Burger King to curb antibiotics in chicken Restaurant chains Burger King and Tim Hortons plan to switch to chicken raised without antibiotics considered "critically important" to human medicine, their owner said on Wednesday, making it the latest company to ditch the drugs over health concerns. Restaurant Brands International Inc, which owns both chains, said it aims to make the change in US stores in 2017 and in Canada in 2018. An estimated 70 percent of antibiotics that are important to fighting human infections and ensuring the safety of invasive ... Healthcare spending for US kids up 56pc in 20 yrs Scientists use magnetic stem cells to fight cancer Teens change view of pot in US state Entertainment ‘Dangal’ breaks yet another record Aamir Khan's 'Dangal' has been on a record-breaking spree ever since its release.  The Nitesh Tiwari film has been smashing all Jasimuddin’s birth anniversary today Twitter to live stream Burj Khalifa's New Year celebration Halle Berry-Olivier Martinez's divorce finalised Politics Nasim asks BNP to leave Jamaat Health Minister Mohammad Nasim asked BNP to discard Jamaat-e-Islami from their ally. Nasim said this while briefing newsmen after holding a meeting of 14-party alliance at Dhanmondi’s political office on Sunday (December 25), reports banglanews24.com Nasim, also presidium member of ruling Awami League, also criticised BNP saying they are demeaning the fair, free and peaceful Narayanganj City Corporation (NCC) by making degrading comments, reports banglanews24.com. Asking BNP to leave Jamaat-e-Islami, the AL leader said: “BNP will never achieve victory by forming alliance with ... Pictures should be in photo albums, not posters:Hamid Jamaat-Shibir murdered Liton: Nanok MP Liton's first Janaza held in Rangpur Country Prospect of lentil production bright in Rajshahi region RAJSHAHI, Jan 02 (BSS): Prospects of boosting additional 0.1 million tonnes of lentil output is bright in the region including the vast barind tract. Agri officials, scientists and researchers concerned revealed the prospect referring to some on-farm research findings. They evaluated a set of techniques to address how to use residual soil moisture in rain-fed areas, higher cost of production and low productivity due to late planting in the region. They laid emphasis on substantial and sustainable promotion of high yielding varieties ... Black gram cultivation signals bumper yield in Bogra Number of jute sack units on rise in Nilphamari Organic method boosting bottle gourd farming in Gopalganj PHOTO GALLERY Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina pays tributes to slain lawmaker Manjurul Islam Liton by placing wreaths on his coffin that at the South Plaza of Jatiya Sangsad on Monday. –Focus Bangla Photo Ministers, Awami League leaders, politicians attend the namaz-e-janaza of slain lawmaker Manjurul Islam Liton at the South Plaza of Jatiya Sangsad on Monday. –Focus Bangla Photo Thousands of people take part at the first Namaz-e-Janaza of lawmaker Manzurul Islam Liton at Rangpur Police Lines School and College ground on Sunday. –BSS Photo Agitated leaders and activists of Awami League block a street in Gaibandha district on Sunday morning protesting the murder of Gaibandha-1 lawmaker Manjurul Islam Liton. –bdnews24.com photo President Md Abdul Hamid inaugurates the new office building for the commission at Agargaon area in Dhaka. –bdnews24.com photo more news Corruption and its dimension: Prevention and deterrence January 2, 2017, 8:24 pm SPM and pipelines installation will save cost for imported petroleum January 2, 2017, 8:20 pm Can Saudi Arabia reform itself? January 2, 2017, 8:16 pm Rangpur vegetable growers making high profit from plentiful output January 2, 2017, 8:15 pm All Headline News Stock market Final Index Change(Points) Change(%) ISSUES ADVANCED 154 ISSUES DECLINED 88 Most popular Corporate tax climbs January 2, 2017, 10:09 am Remittance drops in last year January 2, 2017, 10:25 am Cost of living rises in Dhaka January 2, 2017, 10:56 am How killers did recce of MP Liton January 2, 2017, 10:02 am PM pays respects to slain MP January 2, 2017, 1:02 pm Veg output rises steadily January 2, 2017, 2:28 pm Top 10 gainers Based on YCP and Close Price Company YCP High Low CLOSE %CHG ICB 111.00 122.10 112.00 122.10 10.00 ARAMITCEM 40.90 44.90 43.50 44.90 9.78 PENINSULA 33.00 36.30 33.40 36.20 9.70 RUPALILIFE 37.30 41.00 37.60 40.90 9.65 CONTININS 18.70 20.50 18.70 20.50 9.63 SAMORITA 72.10 79.30 73.00 79.00 9.57 GHAIL 52.40 57.60 53.00 57.30 9.35 ASIAPACINS 19.10 21.00 19.40 20.70 8.38 BBS 52.00 57.20 52.10 56.20 8.08 MEGHNALIFE 56.20 60.70 56.10 60.30 7.30 Based on Open and Last Trade Price Company Open High Low Last Deviation CONTININS 18.70 20.50 18.70 20.50 9.63 RUPALILIFE 37.60 41.00 37.60 41.00 9.04 ICB 112.00 122.10 112.00 122.10 9.02 SAMORITA 73.00 79.30 73.00 79.10 8.36 ASIAPACINS 19.40 21.00 19.40 21.00 8.25 GHAIL 53.40 57.60 53.00 57.60 7.87 POPULARLIF 68.80 75.30 68.80 74.10 7.70 BBS 52.30 57.20 52.10 56.00 7.08 PENINSULA 33.40 36.30 33.40 35.70 6.89 GREENDELT 50.90 54.40 50.90 54.40 6.88 Top 10 Loser Based on YCP and Close Price Company YCP High Low CLOSE %CHG ZEALBANGLA 41.10 42.80 37.00 37.00 -9.98 BIFC 11.40 11.90 10.60 10.70 -6.14 SHYAMPSUG 27.50 27.90 24.80 25.90 -5.82 SHURWID 14.40 14.30 13.50 13.70 -4.86 MHSML 22.20 22.50 20.70 21.20 -4.51 FASFIN 14.90 15.20 14.20 14.30 -4.03 RAHIMAFOOD 133.10 139.00 127.00 127.90 -3.91 FAREASTFIN 12.80 13.00 12.10 12.30 -3.91 EXIM1STMF 8.20 8.40 7.80 7.90 -3.66 FIRSTSBANK 13.70 13.80 13.10 13.20 -3.65 Based on Open and Last Trade Price Company Open High Low Last Deviation IMAMBUTTON 20.40 20.60 17.20 17.80 -12.75 BIFC 11.90 11.90 10.60 10.60 -10.92 ZEALBANGLA 41.00 42.80 37.00 37.00 -9.76 RAHIMAFOOD 137.60 139.00 127.00 127.20 -7.56 UNITEDINS 27.50 27.60 25.50 25.60 -6.91 SAMATALETH 36.20 37.20 33.80 33.90 -6.35 SEMLLECMF 11.20 11.20 10.30 10.50 -6.25 FASFIN 15.10 15.20 14.20 14.20 -5.96 EXIM1STMF 8.40 8.40 7.80 7.90 -5.95 SHURWID 14.30 14.30 13.50 13.50 -5.59 Travel Bangladesh Biman Bangladesh Railway Radisson Blu Hotels in Bangladesh Money Exchange rate Currency Sell Purchase USD 78.95 77.94 GBP 118.00 117.96 EUR 83.78 83.75 Chinese Yuan 12.24 12.24 HK Dollar 10.2181 9.8929 Singapore dollar 63.6186 59.877 Saudi Rial 21.1918 20.52 Commodity price Commodity Price Change GOLD 1,270.40 (US $/oz) -0.6% SILVER 20.70 (US $/oz) -1.9% COPPER 7,12 (US$/mt) -0.7% CRUDE OIL 93.20 (USD/bbl.) -1.7% COTTON # 2 78.85 (USc/lb) 0.9% WHEAT (CBOT) 647.25 (USD/bu) -0.1% PALM OIL 823.96 (USD/MTon) 3.4% Soybean Oil 40.84 (USc/lb) 1.4% Sugar #11 17.87 (USc/lb) -0.6% Call money rate Today's Rate Yesterday's Rate 06.15-07.75pc 05.50-08.00pc E-Paper Weather Archive Year 20072008200920102011201220132014201520162017 Month JanuaryFebruaryMarchAprilMayJuneJulyAugustSeptemberOctoberNovemberDecember Day 12345678910111213141516171819202122232425262728293031 GO CATEGORIES Economy Finance Editorial Op-Ed Stock National Trade and Market World ADDRESS Editor : A.H.M Moazzem Hossain Published by the Editor for International Publications Limited from Tropicana Tower (4th floor), 45, Topkhana Road, GPO Box : 2526 Dhaka- 1000 and printed by him from City Publishing House Ltd., 1 RK Mission Road, Dhaka-1000. Telephone : PABX : 9553550 (Hunting), 9513814, 7172017 and 7172012 Fax : 880-2-9567049 Email : editor@thefinancialexpress-bd.com, fexpress68@gmail.com Terms of Service Contact Us Editors' Panel About Editor Web mail Ad price (Print Version) Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved Powered by :
Does your iPhone’s battery suddenly go flat? Apple is now offering replacements - Nehanda Radio Home News Politics Business Opinion Bizarre Courts Local Diaspora World Showbiz Sports Search 16 C Harare Tuesday, January 3, 2017 About Us Contact Us Advertising Listen to Radio Privacy Policy Who is Who News Alerts Sign in Welcome! Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Get help Password recovery Recover your password your email A password will be e-mailed to you. Nehanda Radio Home News Politics Business Opinion Bizarre Courts Local Diaspora World Showbiz Sports Home Business Does your iPhone’s battery suddenly go flat? Apple is now offering replacements Business News Does your iPhone’s battery suddenly go flat? Apple is now offering replacements Nov 22, 2016 0 1019 By Rob Waugh | Metro | If you’ve ever had your iPhone suddenly die on you, despite the fact it’s showing a healthy battery life, help could be at hand. After lots of reports of problems with iPhone 6S handsets, Apple has finally coughed to the fact there’s a problem – and is now offering replacements. Apple is now offering free battery replacements to customers who bought faulty handsets. In a statement, Apple said, ‘Apple has determined that a very small number of iPhone 6s devices may unexpectedly shut down. This is not a safety issue and only affects devices within a limited serial number range that were manufactured between September and October 2015. ‘If you have experienced this issue, please visit an Apple Retail Store or an Apple Authorized Service Provider and have your device’s serial number checked to confirm eligibility for a battery replacement, free of charge’ TAGS Apple iPhone Iphone 6S Previous articleManchester United offer Messi £85m to stay at Barcelona – with the help of Adidas Next articleZimbabwe would never change as long as we are still a Christian nation Esther Gomo RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Apple reveals plans for self-driving car Cracked iPhone: Should you be worried? Curious who’s helping the FBI unlock the San Bernardino iPhone? We may now know Apple wins key court victory against Samsung Could Apple really be about to make cars? iPhone 6 Plus and iPhone 6 – “the best phones ever made” Most Read Today Pasuwa refuses to censure Billiat after night club pictures leaked 6,321 views | 47 comments New Year Cross-Over church services: The new madness of black people 3,958 views | 218 comments Former student leader Paul Chimhosva dies in South Africa 3,798 views | 5 comments Tribute to late former student leader Paul Rumema Chimhosva 3,702 views | 4 comments No-one can argue with results – Lessons from Zhakata for opposition 2,637 views | 40 comments Find us on Facebook Follow us on Social Media 311,557FansLike 16,120FollowersFollow 659FollowersFollow 63,642FollowersFollow 5,360SubscribersSubscribe Video of the Week Receive News via Email Enter your email address: Delivered by FeedBurner EDITOR PICKS Wedding bells for pregnant MisRed Jan 3, 2017 3 family members die in crash. . Holiday trip to... Jan 3, 2017 Former governor and veteran nationalist Peter Chanetsa dies Jan 3, 2017 POPULAR POSTS Baby tortured by maid in Uganda still alive Nov 22, 2014 TB Joshua responds to Uebert Angel insult Jan 18, 2013 TB Joshua predicts fall of popular prophets in Zimbabwe Apr 8, 2015 POPULAR CATEGORY News22195 Politics6163 Opinion3907 Sports3287 Showbiz2895 Local2784 Crimes & Courts2658 Popular2470 Business2272 ABOUT US Contact us: [email protected] FOLLOW US About Us Contact Us Advertising Listen to Radio Privacy Policy Who is Who News Alerts © Nehanda Radio: All Rights Reserved
Reviews Appliances Electronics Gadgets Gaming Mobile Security Deals Gifts News Shop Reviews Audio Headphones Over the Ear Headphones Bluetooth Headphones Home Audio Home Theater Systems Home Theater Speakers Speakers Bluetooth Speakers Portable Speakers Wireless Speakers Appliances Kitchen Appliances Smart Home Automation Auto Tech Computers Computer Accessories Desktop Computers Laptop Computers Laptops for College Wireless Routers Electronics Digital Cameras Other Electronics Printers Televisions Video Cameras Gaming Gaming Accessories Gaming Laptops Gaming PCs Video Game Consoles Video Games Geek Toys Mobile Cell Phones Mobile App Reviews Tablets iPads Security Home Security Home Security Systems Home Security Cameras Personal Security Sports & Outdoors Vehicles Gadgets Gadgets for Men Kitchen Gadgets Coolest Gadgets Fitness Gadgets Services Satellite TV DISH DIRECTV vs DISH Gifts Star Wars Gifts Batman Gifts Gifts for Gamers Gifts for Geeks Software News Search on Gadget Review Gadget Review ▸ Reviews ▸ Services ▸ Internet eCommerce Services ▸ 6 of the Best Free Music Cloud Storage Services Internet eCommerce Services 6 of the Best Free Music Cloud Storage Services Tyler Lacoma Updated August 3, 2015 Shares Do you have too many songs and not enough hard drive room? Cloud music storage services can help – and there’s a lot out there. Here are some of the best cloud storage solutions for your songs: Don’t worry, they’re all free to use, too!   1. Google Play Out of the major brands, Google Play offers one of the most versatile free cloud storage for music. With Google Play you can upload up to 50,000 songs from your computer to the Play cloud servers – and that includes music from other sources including iTunes. You do this through the Music Manager app that Google offers, which can successfully save your songs, playlists, and ratings. Then you can access that music through Google Play via any Android platform or the Web itself. You can download Google Play for free here   2. iCloud iCloud on its own is a fair free cloud music storage service for moving your music around. You may not be surprised to learn that it is limited to music that you buy from the iTunes Store, but within that framework iCloud is a solid service for transferring songs between your Apple devices (it also works for the newer Windows devices). The automatic syncing functions mean that you don’t have to worry your new music showing up on your iPhone or iPad once you buy it. However, the true music storage service of Apple’s is iTunes Match, which allows you to store music in the Apple cloud from any source and also ties into ad-free iTunes Radio. Unfortunately, there’s no free options here (yet), you’ll have to pay a couple bucks a month to use it. You can learn how to set up iCloud here   3. Amazon Cloud Player Amazon Cloud Player is a somewhat less useful cloud storage option, not because of its lack of features but because the best features are available when you upgrade to Premium, which of course costs money. However, the basic service still allows you more than a couple hundred free uploads worth of free storage, and is dedicated to music with a focus on Amazon Music services. However, there are Cloud Player apps available across the major platforms with plenty of flexible curation options, so you still retain a lot of control…providing you like Amazon services in the first place, of course. You can download Amazon Cloud Player here   4. Synology Audio Station Synology’s cloud storage offering is a little…different. First, the service and its associated programs are definitely free, and they offer unlimited micromanagement of your songs in what is one of the best cloud music storage options available. The downside is that they are only available through a Synology server device, which you already need to have (or at least have access to). But if the conditions are right, you probably won’t find better customization options around after installing the various DiskStation Manager and Audio station programs. There are options to download music for iTunes, etc., but as the tutorials show Synology is typically used in a Windows environment. You can learn more about downloading Synology Audio Station here   5. StreamNation StreamNation is a relatively recent addition the media storage service world, and it has some of the best cloud storage for music around. The app offers one-click imports of music libraries like iTunes, and allows to stream to any other device you want. It can then use music to recommend new songs in the genres that you like or show you what your friends are listening to. The interface also impresses with its flowing, album covered-based design. There are several different plans to choose from, but the free version gives you 20GB of data, not too shabby at all. You can get started with the StreamNation service here   6. My Music Cloud My Music Cloud is a simpler service than many on the list, but that simplicity is part of its charm. Like StreamNation, the service offers one-click importing from iTunes, Dropbox, etc., but there’s much more of a focus on streaming services (plus some capabilities to listen offline). Like Spotify and other apps, My Music Cloud can learn your preferences by seeing what music you play and suggest similar artists or remind you of uploaded songs that you haven’t listened to in a while yet. Storage, however, is a little limited with the free version offering 250 tracks max. You can download My Music Cloud here Tweet It Like It Google + Linkedin Pin it Stumble Tyler Lacoma When he isn't enjoying the beautiful Northwest outdoors, you can find Tyler on business and tech sites, writing about the latest news, analyzing trends, and generally making the Internet a more interesting place. Sponsored Content Related Posts Twitter Too Expensive For Google Netflix Nabs Madmen, To Start Streaming April 27th Microsoft Fremont: online marketplace announced Beats Electronics Speak On Project Daisy New Music Service In The Wake of MOG Acquisition FaceBook Lite Now Available WorldWide Google Street View Now Logging MAC And Private WiFi Networks, Germany Looking To Block 6 Comments to 6 of the Best Free Music Cloud Storage Services Rhiannon on I would not recommend My Music Cloud. I wanted it to play my Itunes playlists through my TV. I paid for it on Saturday – today is Tuesday and it has only downloaded 600 songs never mind my playlists. Complete waste of money, DO NOT be a sucker like me and pay the £29.99 for it Reply Kimberly on Do you have a recommendation for a service that would take my CD collection, rip it, and allow me to stream it? Murphie seems to be the only one I’ve found. Does it have competitors? Reply Yulia on Try Vox music player! Loop for Vox has unlimited cloud storage and Vox plays your music in lossless Reply Evan Glenn Potter on Excellent list- but what about MyMusi.cc?- its a great music storage site with no upload or playback limits. It’s what me and all my friends use Reply Bob Dylan on Tyler, Great list but you should should definitely include myMusi.cc among the top contenders. I have 3tb stored for free and they have great playback interfaces on my laptop and iphone. Its all browser based so its super easy, drag and drop music from itunes to browser to upload, drag and drop from Google images for album art. Highly recommended Reply Igor P. on Thanks. It seems like best choice for now. Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website ← Previous Post Next Post → Follow us 21,115 Fans 13,499 Subscribers 11,061 Followers Recent Reviews Home Security Systems Best Home Security System: Top 5 of 2017 DSLR Cameras Best DSLR Camera 2017 Projectors 5 of the Best Home Theater Projectors for 2017 Bluetooth Speakers 10 of the Best Bluetooth Speakers 2017 Office Chair Best Office Chair 2017 – The No Bulls#*t Guide to Sitting Wireless Routers Best Wireless Router 2017 – The In Depth Buyer’s Guide Radar Detectors Best Radar Detector 2017: Long-Range Driver Protection Cell Phones Best Smartphone 2017 ChromeBook Review Best Chromebook of 2017 Gaming Laptops Best Gaming Laptop – The Beginner’s Guide to Portable Gaming Ultra HD 4K TVs Best 4K TV for 2017 Blenders Best Blenders 2017 Refrigerators What is a Counter-Depth Refrigerator? Smart Home Security Systems LiveWatch Home Security System Review Gadget Review is home to some of the best consumer reviews online on top gadgets ranging from the best gadgets to the top home security systems, the best satellite tv networks and top ten product comparisons. Do you want to make an educated buying decision and shop online with confidence? Get the best deals online and geek out with the latest desktop computers, best gaming laptops, best headphones and the latest gadget news and top product reviews online. Gadget Review also has some of the best software reviews and consumer services reviews online with top ten consumer product comparisons to the latest gadget news, to top gadgets ranging from the top home security systems, the best satellite tv networks and expert product reviews, as well as the best product daily deals and giveaways. Gadget Review © 2017 | Your lifestyle gadget site. All Rights Reserved. ----- About Privacy Terms News Categories Contact HTML XML
Collapse Expand Home Shop News Reviews Features Opinions Photos Videos Gadget Guru Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Hubs Apple Android BlackBerry Google Microsoft Nokia Samsung Sony Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी Home Mobiles Mobiles News Apple Teases One-Day Black Friday Shopping Event  Shekhar Thakran, 22 November 2016 Share on FacebookTweetShareShareEmailReddit Highlights The teaser has an image of Apple Watch Company to hold one-day shopping event this Friday Apple has not offered huge discounts on Black Friday in past few years Black Friday, celebrated on the day following Thanksgiving Day in the US, is usually accompanied by great deals from various store retailers across the country as well as online. Even though Apple Inc. might not have a reputation of offering large discounts on its products for Black Friday, the Cupertino-based company does offer gift cards to celebrate the occasion. However, an early teaser seems to indicate that Apple might have something extra in store for this year. A new dedicated webpage on the company's site teases a one-day shopping event on Friday this week. Even though the company doesn't reveal too much about the sale on its webpage, it does suggest various gift options such as iPhone 7, iPhone 7 cases, Apple Watch, iPad Pro and other products from the company for the holiday season. Even if the company does provide discounts on its products for the Black Friday, it will be interesting to see if it will be able to match the deals offered by local retailers, who are known to offer heavy discounts across products for their Black Friday and Cyber Monday sales.Considering that the teaser has an image of Apple Watch, the product is most likely to be offered at a discounted price. However, as these are mere speculations, we will have to wait till Friday to find out if it will offer any discounts on its products or not. Tags: Apple Black Friday Shopping Event, Apple, Black Friday, Mobiles, Tablets, Wearables Ola Introduces Ola Play In-Car Entertainment Platform for Ola Prime Customers Apple Reportedly Abandons Development of Wireless Routers Apple Teases One-Day Black Friday Shopping Event     Advertisement   In Mobiles and Tablets Latest Samsung Galaxy A7 (2017) Samsung Galaxy A5 (2017) Samsung Galaxy A3 (2017) Lyf Water 3 Swipe Konnect 4G Gionee M2017 Lyf F1S Karbonn Aura Note 4G Karbonn K9 Viraat 4G Karbonn Titanium Vista 4G Karbonn K9 Smart 4G Lyf Wind 7S LG Stylus 3 LG K3 (2017) LG K4 (2017) LG K8 (2017) LG K10 (2017) Zuk Edge Zen Cinemax Click Blu Life Max Popular OnePlus 3T iPhone 7 Google Pixel Google Pixel XL Motorola Moto Z Moto Z Play Lenovo K5 Note Xiaomi Redmi 3s HTC 10 OnePlus 3 Moto G4 Xiaomi Mi5 Galaxy J7 2016 Redmi Note 3 iPhone SE Sony Xperia Z5 Micromax phones Samsung phones Android Phones Smartphones Google Phones Nokia Phones Latest Videos 02:27 Best Games to Play When Alone at New Year's Eve 02:40 360 Daily: BHIM App Launched, Reliance Jio Justifies Happy New Year Offer, and More 02:33 360 Daily: Samsung Galaxy A (2017), Galaxy S8 Rumours, Xiaomi Mi 6 and More 02:42 Lenovo Yoga Book 2-in-1 Laptop Review 02:29 360 Daily: Coolpad Cool 1 Launched, Nokia Launching 5 Smartphones in 2017, and More More Videos» OPINIONSALL AUTHORS Rishi Alwani Why 2017 Might Just Be the Worst Year Ever for Gaming Akhil Arora 2016 Was a Terrible Year for Big Movies Rohan Naravane Hardware Issues Make Pixel Phones Feel Like Expensive Beta Products Advertisement Recent Lenovo P2 With 5100mAh Battery Set to Launch in India Soon Dell Launches XPS 13 2-in-1 With InfinityEdge Display Ahead of CES 2017 Reliance Jio's Happy New Year Offer Sets Daily High-Speed Data Cap at 1GB Beware! Viral WhatsApp Message Offering Free Recharge Is Fake Apple Partner Wistron Said to Seek Permission to Expand Bengaluru Plant Samsung Set to Bring Chromecast-Like Streaming Feature to Its Smart TVs Gionee Says Firm on Manufacturing Plans Post Demonetisation OnePlus 2 Users Start Receiving OxygenOS 3.5.6 Update With Network Fix WhatsApp No Longer Works on These iPhone and Android Smartphones Samsung Galaxy A (2017) Series Launched With Dust and Water Resistance More News TRENDING Reliance Jio's Happy New Year Offer Sets Daily High-Speed Data Cap at 1GB Lenovo P2 With 5100mAh Battery Set to Launch in India Soon Samsung Galaxy A (2017) Series Launched With Dust and Water Resistance BHIM Most Popular Android App Now in India: 10 Developments Sherlock Season 4 Premiere Fails to Look Beyond Its Lead Detective WhatsApp No Longer Works on These iPhone and Android Smartphones BSNL Unveils Plan With Unlimited Voice Calls to Any Network at Rs. 144 OnePlus 3, OnePlus 3T Finally Get Android 7.0 Nougat Update Leaked Renders, Video Suggest Moto X (2017) Won't Support Moto Mods What Is BHIM App and How Does It Work? Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Gadgets Hindi © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2017. All rights reserved.
Technology Science Culture Video Reviews Magazine More Business Security Space Podcasts Events Innovation Awards Subscribe About IOS Untitled-1 Follow Newsletter Sign Up Untitled-1 00/00 Wearable tech could knock out concussions from contact sports Wearable tech could knock out concussions from contact sports The WIRED World in 2017 1 minute ago Pics or it didn't happen: welcome to the post-reality world in 2017 Pics or it didn't happen: welcome to the post-reality world in 2017 The WIRED World in 2017 1 day ago Want to get fit? Try a DNA-themed personalised fitness camp Want to get fit? Try a DNA-themed personalised fitness camp Gear 1 day ago Samsung unveils its new water-resistant Galaxy phones Samsung unveils its new water-resistant Galaxy phones CES 2017 1 day ago 2017's next big fitness craze? Performance-enhancing drugs 2017's next big fitness craze? Performance-enhancing drugs The WIRED World in 2017 1 day ago The best games, comics, films, and TV coming in 2017 The best games, comics, films, and TV coming in 2017 Culture 1 day ago This is the man who decides what your next Netflix obsession will be This is the man who decides what your next Netflix obsession will be Tastemakers 3 days ago Can you guess our emoji predictions for 2017? Can you guess our emoji predictions for 2017? Emoji 26 Dec 2016 The best games, comics, film, and TV of 2016 The best games, comics, film, and TV of 2016 Film 2 days ago Raspberry Pi: the best projects to get started with the Pi 3 Raspberry Pi: the best projects to get started with the Pi 3 Raspberry Pi 12 Sep 2016 The architectural highlights to look forward to in 2017 The architectural highlights to look forward to in 2017 The WIRED World in 2017 6 items 1 day ago From head transplants to space tourism: the innovations set to change the world in 2017 From head transplants to space tourism: the innovations set to change the world in 2017 The WIRED World in 2017 11 items 1 day ago Jeff Bezos, Donald Trump and Brexit are all a mess – but that's the key to their success Jeff Bezos, Donald Trump and Brexit are all a mess – but that's the key to their success The WIRED World in 2017 5 days ago The most-read WIRED stories of 2016 The most-read WIRED stories of 2016 Magazine 2 days ago 2016's most important news, remembered in haikus 2016's most important news, remembered in haikus The best of 2016 2 days ago The threat of AI taking our jobs has been exaggerated. The future is in the 'human services cloud' The threat of AI taking our jobs has been exaggerated. The future is in the 'human services cloud' Work 5 days ago How to get early access to Android software before it's released How to get early access to Android software before it's released Google 25 Dec 2016 How to hack your memory and remember almost anything How to hack your memory and remember almost anything WIRED Next Generation 2016 05 Nov 2016 Why 2017 will be the year you'll finally ditch your bank Why 2017 will be the year you'll finally ditch your bank The WIRED World in 2017 4 days ago Cocaine, tug boats and tip offs: the inside story of the largest drug bust in UK history Cocaine, tug boats and tip offs: the inside story of the largest drug bust in UK history Crime 21 Dec 2016 The best Amazon Echo skills to control your entire home The best Amazon Echo skills to control your entire home Amazon Echo 23 Dec 2016 Welcome to CodeYourFuture, the UK's only refugee coding school Welcome to CodeYourFuture, the UK's only refugee coding school Refugees 26 Dec 2016 Big Picture: Moore's Law in action Big Picture: Moore's Law in action WIRED Big Picture 25 Dec 2016 Technology Science Culture Video Reviews Magazine Business Security Space Podcasts Events Innovation Awards Subscribe About Follow wired Newsletter Sign Up Top stories Wearable tech could knock out concussions from contact sports Wearable tech could knock out concussions from contact sports The WIRED World in 2017 1 minute ago Pics or it didn't happen: welcome to the post-reality world in 2017 Pics or it didn't happen: welcome to the post-reality world in 2017 The WIRED World in 2017 1 day ago Want to get fit? Try a DNA-themed personalised fitness camp Want to get fit? Try a DNA-themed personalised fitness camp Gear 1 day ago Samsung unveils its new water-resistant Galaxy phones Samsung unveils its new water-resistant Galaxy phones CES 2017 1 day ago 2017's next big fitness craze? Performance-enhancing drugs 2017's next big fitness craze? Performance-enhancing drugs The WIRED World in 2017 1 day ago The best games, comics, films, and TV coming in 2017 The best games, comics, films, and TV coming in 2017 Culture 1 day ago This is the man who decides what your next Netflix obsession will be This is the man who decides what your next Netflix obsession will be Tastemakers 3 days ago Can you guess our emoji predictions for 2017? Can you guess our emoji predictions for 2017? Emoji 26 Dec 2016 The best games, comics, film, and TV of 2016 The best games, comics, film, and TV of 2016 Film 2 days ago Raspberry Pi: the best projects to get started with the Pi 3 Raspberry Pi: the best projects to get started with the Pi 3 Raspberry Pi 12 Sep 2016 The architectural highlights to look forward to in 2017 The architectural highlights to look forward to in 2017 The WIRED World in 2017 6 items 1 day ago From head transplants to space tourism: the innovations set to change the world in 2017 From head transplants to space tourism: the innovations set to change the world in 2017 The WIRED World in 2017 11 items 1 day ago Jeff Bezos, Donald Trump and Brexit are all a mess – but that's the key to their success Jeff Bezos, Donald Trump and Brexit are all a mess – but that's the key to their success The WIRED World in 2017 5 days ago The most-read WIRED stories of 2016 The most-read WIRED stories of 2016 Magazine 2 days ago 2016's most important news, remembered in haikus 2016's most important news, remembered in haikus The best of 2016 2 days ago The threat of AI taking our jobs has been exaggerated. The future is in the 'human services cloud' The threat of AI taking our jobs has been exaggerated. The future is in the 'human services cloud' Work 5 days ago How to get early access to Android software before it's released How to get early access to Android software before it's released Google 25 Dec 2016 How to hack your memory and remember almost anything How to hack your memory and remember almost anything WIRED Next Generation 2016 05 Nov 2016 Why 2017 will be the year you'll finally ditch your bank Why 2017 will be the year you'll finally ditch your bank The WIRED World in 2017 4 days ago Cocaine, tug boats and tip offs: the inside story of the largest drug bust in UK history Cocaine, tug boats and tip offs: the inside story of the largest drug bust in UK history Crime 21 Dec 2016 The best Amazon Echo skills to control your entire home The best Amazon Echo skills to control your entire home Amazon Echo 23 Dec 2016 Welcome to CodeYourFuture, the UK's only refugee coding school Welcome to CodeYourFuture, the UK's only refugee coding school Refugees 26 Dec 2016 Big Picture: Moore's Law in action Big Picture: Moore's Law in action WIRED Big Picture 25 Dec 2016 iOS This video could make your iPhone unusable The video is three seconds long and reportedly stops an iPhone from working, but it can be fixed by completing a hard reset By Matt Burgess 22 Nov 2016 By Matt Burgess Tuesday 22 November 2016 EverythingApplePro A video hosted on a Russian-based social network is appearing to cause Apple devices to crash. ADVERTISEMENT Reports suggest that the three-second video, which can be played in Safari, causes iPhones and other Apple devices to slow down and eventually temporarily stop being responsive to any action its user does. The problem can then only be resolved using a hard reset. An explanation posted online by EverythingApplePro appears to show several versions of Apple's iOS crashing and becoming unresponsive after the .MP4 video has been played. Read more Gallery: a sneak peek at Super Mario Run's levels Gallery: a sneak peek at Super Mario Run's levels By Victoria Woollaston 8 items The video of the problem shows iPhones beginning to slow down as soon as the video is played before completely freezing and making the iPhone impossible to use. The problem does not seem to be limited to one certain iPhone or version of iOS. In its video, EverythingApplePro demonstrates the iPhone freezing on iOS versions from 5.1 to the latest beta version of iOS 10. The video itself, which is hosted on VK.com and may not be directly linked to its effect, plays music and shows a person holding what appears to be a piece of paper. For those who have visited or been sent the link and have an unusable phone, the fix is relatively simple: the iPhone must undergo a hard reset. To do this, hold the Home button and the power button at the same time. On the iPhone 7 a hard reset is completed by holding the power button and volume button. ADVERTISEMENT Read more Super Mario Run hands-on: Nostalgic brilliance that comes at a (small) cost Super Mario Run hands-on: Nostalgic brilliance that comes at a (small) cost By Matt Burgess At present, it is unclear whether the video is a software bug or if it could be something more malicious. It is not recommended to test out the video. WIRED has asked Apple to check the bug is official - and not a hoax - and if it plans to fix the issue. We will update this story once a response has been received. ADVERTISEMENT When WIRED tried to access the link to the video it was proving unresponsive; however, 9To5Mac was able to replicate the problem shown in the video, saying "you can take our word for it when we say it really does render your device unusable". Whatever the problem is, Apple may be preparing a fix to be released in a later update of its firmware. In iOS 10.0.2 the company fixed a bug in its operating system that stopped its new Lightning EarPods from working. iOS 10 also had a security glitch that made it easier for hackers to steal data. In iOS 9.3.5, Apple had to fix three major security flaws. An Israel-based "cyber war" company was discovered to be using zero-day exploits to target a human rights activist in an attempt to compromise the data on his iPhone. Share this article RECOMMENDED Apple patents iPhone tech to stop filming at gigs Apple patents iPhone tech to stop filming at gigs By Matthew Reynolds Apple 30 Jun 2016 Update your iPhone to avoid this massive security flaw Update your iPhone to avoid this massive security flaw By Matt Burgess Apple 26 Aug 2016 Alcatel's £100 smartwatch will work with your iPhone Alcatel's £100 smartwatch will work with your iPhone By Katie Collins Wearables 08 Jan 2015 The iPhone 6S might be secretly waterproof The iPhone 6S might be secretly waterproof By Becca Caddy iPhone 28 Sep 2015 Privacy policy and cookie statement Terms & conditions Careers Contact © Condé Nast UK 2017
null
Tuesday, Nov 22, 2016 Search Archive Chinese Chinese Japanese French Spanish Russian Arabic Korea German Portuguese HomeOpinionsBusinessMilitaryWorldSocietyCultureTravelScienceSportsSpecial CoveragePhotoVideo English>> Apple compensation policy fails to satisfy iPhone 6S users (People's Daily Online)    15:44, November 22, 2016 In response to the many consumers who have complained of automatic phone shut-offs, Apple has offered to replace the batteries of faulty phones free of charge. However, this compensation has left some consumers unhappy, triggering a new batch of complaints. Apple confirmed the automatic shut-off issue on iPhone 6S units, but the company denies that it is a security issue. Nevertheless, the problem has drawn the attention of the China Consumers’ Association and the Shanghai Consumers Council. The two bodies announced on Nov. 17 that Apple promised to replace batteries in broken devices. Apple then officially denied the battery replacement policy, and some iPhone users were told they couldn’t get their device repaired. Later, Apple admitted that the problem was only present in iPhone 6S devices that were produced during September and October 2015. Users of these devices are entitled to free battery replacements. However, users of other iPhones are not eligible for the complimentary service. Many iPhone users have expressed their dissatisfaction with Apple’s response - both failing to disclose the cause of the problem and also neglecting to extend Applecare insurance on affected phones. Moreover, many iPhone users whose phones were produced outside the designated window now worry about the fate of their devices.  (For the latest China news, Please follow People's Daily on Twitter and Facebook)(Web editor: Hongyu, Bianji) Add your comment Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Related reading Apple loses exclusive right to iPhone trademark in China Chinese sperm banks seduce donors with promise of iPhone 6s Honest son turns in thief father Latest iPhone models seized by HK Customs Public support for expert’s govt iPhone ban plan Making sure your machine knows it is you iPhone deal expected soon Apple issues safety reminder on chargers Family claims iPhone killed daughter Safety fears after iPhone 4 explodes We Recommend Top 10 Chinese tech and engineering marvels Tom Cruise in Palace Museum Home-made plane completes test flight in Chicago The untold stories of women in the Long March Female soldiers on Frigate Jingzhou Top 10 most beautiful Chinese athletes in Rio Shenzhen seizes 549 tons of illegally smuggled clothing Chinese actor Wang Baoqiang divorces wife, fires manager Hangzhou: host city of G20 Summit Most Read 1 Chinese Robot Goes Rogue, Smashes Booth and Injures Visitor… 2 Meet the pheasant-elect: Bird sporting 'Donald Trump's hair… 3 Daimler executive in trouble over remarks about China 4 US-born pandas understand English but not Sichuanese after … 5 Final goodbye: Astronauts perform tai chi before leaving Top 10 Top 10 livable Chinese cities Top 20 hottest women in the world in 2014 Top 10 hardest languages to learn China’s Top 10 Unique Bridges, Highways and Roads Popular on Global Times Steel stairway offers safe climb to school for cliff-top kids Traditional costumes of leaders at the APEC summit Adults abandoned as babies and sent across China search for lost families Western media’s crusade against Facebook Hot News Pit Bull Shot Dead After Attacking Owner The miracle called Communist Party of China Nude pics as IOU: a new, risky online loan among Chinese university students IKEA responds to photos of half-naked woman saying it has notified police Village doctor with no legs offers home visit in mountainous area for 15 years Students take stylish bikini graduations photos Key Words Xi JinpingSCOCPCSouth China SeaAIIBDPRKChinese New Year Links: Beijing TodayCRI EnglishSINA EnglishGlobal TimesChinadaily.com.cn Taiwan.cn Ecns.cn Show ChinaChina Human RightsChina XinjiangTibet Online CCTV Beijing Review GMW.cn China Economic Net China Tibet Online Qiushi JournalWomen of China Consulate General in New York About People's Daily Online | Join Us | Contact Us people.cn © People's Daily Online
null
International Business Times, India Edition International Business Times, India Edition India US World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Photos Video Search Search Home Technology Smartphones Apple iPhone Lock Screen bug returns; Siri exploit compromises security of photos and contact details [How to fix it] So far, Apple has not made any official comment with regard to this iPhone lock screen glitch. Rohit KVN   November 22, 2016 13:38 IST 1 Shares 1 Shares [Representational Image] Apple iPhone Lock Screen bug returns, compromises security of contacts and photos In Picture: Apple Siri featurecultofmac.com A new bug has been detected in Apple iPhones, which can compromise the security of sensitive information stored inside.  Miguel, the iDeviceHelp YouTube video blogger, has discovered a serious flaw in iPhones, which enables any tech savvy user to hack into the device just by opening the virtual digital assistant, Siri, and bypass the fingerprint-based Touch ID and Passcode to access photos and the contact list. Also read: Samsung releases official statement to allay fears over Galaxy S7 series safety standards Actually, this Siri glitch is not new. It was first discovered in April, after Apple released iOS 9.3.1 update to fix a browser freeze bug, but it was later found to be flawed (only for the iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus models). Apple immediately took note of the severity of the issue, and fixed it within hours after the report made headlines. Read more: Apple iOS 9.3.1 lockscreen bypass Siri bug status: Company fixes glitch in record time Now, it has once again re-surfaced in the Siri feature of select Apple iPhones, but through a different access route. For instance, Siri should be enabled on the lock screen in the victim's Apple device and the hacker should have an iPhone of his own to gain access to Photos and Contacts on the locked device. In the video released by Miguel, he asks Siri on the locked iPhone "Who am I", to which the Siri replies with the owner's details. Once the contact number is displayed, Miguel launches FaceTime from another iPhone to the victim's iPhone, which is locked. Apple iPhone Lock Screen bug returns; compromises security of contacts and photosiDeviceHelp via YouTube On the FaceTime call screen, Miguel taps Messages, on which a few message options appear, including the custom message option. After launching the Message app, Miguel turns on the VoiceOver option through voice-assistant Siri. From here onwards, the timing of screen tapping becomes very crucial and tests the hacker's skill. Continuing with the procedure, Miguel double taps on the contact info bar, while on Message page, he simultaneously makes the second tap on the bar. At exactly that point, he would click on the keyboard to make the first move for the exploit. Once breached, Miguel goes to the text field for contacts, after which he can type any letters to gain access to all the contacts stored on the iPhone via the "i" info button located just beside the contact. There he gets the option to add new contact details and to attach a picture to the contact. He also gets access to the photos in the iPhone, thereby compromising the privacy of the iPhone owner. What makes this really scary is that the iPhone device presumably remains locked during the entire procedure and the victim will never know if his/her phone was accessed by an unauthorised user. According to some reports, this exploit is limited to iOS 10.2-powered iPhone SE, iPhone 6 Plus and iPhone 6S Plus, but others claim that it can affect all iPhone models running iOS 8.0 or later version. So far, Apple has not made any official comments with regard to this iPhone Lockscreen glitch. Is there a way to fix this Lockscreen issue? This Lockscreen issue can only be patched by a software update. Until Apple releases the security firmware, users have no option but to disable the Siri access to lock screen. Go to Settings>> scroll down to Siri>> then turn-off "Access to Lock Screen" Apple iPhone Lock Screen bug returns; Siri exploit compromises security of contacts and photosiDeviceHelp via YouTube (screen-shot) Related College students develop Facebook fake news detector app FiB Apple acknowledges iPhone 6S low-battery issue; company offers free repair service Instagram update brings self-deleting photo feature, live video broadcasting option Also read Android Nougat update released to Moto Z, Z Force; Z Play, G4 series to get new update next Quick Links Apple Post Comment IBT TV Close Vodafone Foundation helps save mothers’ and children’s lives in one of the world’s worst HIV hotspots Why advertise with us? Latest News Steam winter sale is offering some great discounts 12 hours ago By Aditya Bhat Pre-orders for Nintendo Switch to start from January 12? Rumours say so 12 hours ago By Aditya Bhat Editor's Pick EmDrive: Has the 'impossible' technology started a new space race between US and China? Indian Railways coolies to get provident fund, pension benefits Why advertise with us? most popular Microsoft Surface phone news: Photos gets leaked revealing key features of Windows mobile Microsoft Surface phone is expected to run Windows 10 Mobile and house a Carl Zeiss camera on the back Will Microsoft Windows 10 Mobile users get these features with 2017 update? Check out some rumoured features in the new update of Windows 10 Mobile 2017. Top Sony PS4 games in 2017: 5 titles that are worth waiting for Check out the most anticipated Sony PS4 games due for release in 2017. Android Nougat released to OnePlus 3, 3T series via OTA Since OTA process are carried out in phases, it will take a week or two for Android Nougat to reach OnePlus 3 and S7 series models across world. Pre-orders for Nintendo Switch to start from January 12? Rumours say so Here is what rumours are saying about Nintendo Switch's pre-order date. Has Google gone rogue? Will it be rolling out a new torrent search engine in 2017? Google has made the founder of Torrentz.eu in charge of a project, a report said. Are Call of Duty servers offline now? Login to your online game accounts now and check if the server issues still persist. Steam winter sale is offering some great discounts Here is what the Steam Winter Sale is offering to its users. Photo Gallery Nara Rohit, Sri Vishnu and Appatlo Okadundevadu team visit Devi theatre Telugu movie Appatlo Okadundevadu team theatre coverage press meet at Devi theater, RTC X Roads in Hyderabad. Celebs like Nara Rohit, Sri Vishnu, Saagar K Chandra and others graced the event. Anusha, Raj Kandukuri at Dyavudaa Trailer Launch Telugu movie Dyavudaa Teaser Launch event held at Hyderabad. Celebs like Anusha, Raj Kandukuri, Bhanu, Jai, Sharat, Karunya, Harini, G Harikumar Reddy, Sairam Dasari, Prajwal and others graced the event. India US World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Photos Video About us Advertise with us Brand Terms of service Privacy & Cookie Policy Permission Syndication Careers Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2016 International Business Times, India Edition All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest RSS
iDownloadBlog Home Jailbreak How to Jailbreak Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Cydia Unlock How to Unlock Unlock News iPhone iPhone News iPhone 6s iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6 iPhone Photography iPad iPad News iPad Air iPad mini Watch Apple Watch Guide Mac Mac Mac Apps Mac Tips TV Apple TV guide Apps iOS Apps Mac Apps Widgets Best Apps App Finder Tips Tips How to Tutorial iPhone Photography Download Deals Daily Deals: $70 off Beyerdynamic headphones, 10 iTunes movies for $10, and... Happy New Year firework wallpapers The top stories of the week on iDB How to use AirPods like a pro   skip to main content skip to main menu     Apple to host one-day shopping event on Black Friday By Cody Lee, Nov 21, 2016 Tweet 4 Comments Apple late Monday updated its website with a new page teasing its upcoming Black Friday sale. The page shows the above graphic, along with links to gift ideas, gift cards, and a section for locating your nearest Apple Store. The company also notes that two-day shipping will be free on Friday for in-stock items ordered by 5:00 p.m. We don’t expect Apple’s Black Friday event to upstage the deals we’re seeing at third-party vendors. In years past it has offered minimal discounts, or $50 gift cards, with the purchase of select products, and last year it skipped promotions altogether. Still, for folks with Apple stuff on their shopping lists, it’s worth keeping an eye on. If you’re in the market for a new MacBook Pro, BHPhoto still has the best prices in town. The retailer is taking up to $200 off its 13-inch, non-Touch Bar models right now, and there is no sales tax for customers outside of New York. And of course, be sure to stay tuned to iDB this week for more coverage of noteworthy Black Friday deals. Source: Apple Share: Tweet Follow: Follow @iDownloadBlog We Recommend Rumor: Apple seeding first iOS 10.3 beta on January 10 with new ‘Theatre’ mode How about Jet Black AirPods? 2017 iPhone 7 production cut by 10 percent Changes to Apple’s TSS servers currently render Prometheus non functional Related Topics Apple, Black Friday, News Legend Awe yeah… good Black Friday deal… free shipping -_- clowns. Johnson Noel Lol Apple’s too greedy to give any discount worthy of a Black Friday deal. Probably some dongles at 5% off with purchase. What You get a better deal on Apple products from other retailers than Apple itself. n0ahcruz3 Take your free shipping bs apple and shove it up your greedy a$$   Search Connect with iDownloadBlog Facebook Become a fan RSS Get the latest news YouTube Watch Us Twitter Stay up to date Newsletter News delivered to you Google+ Add us to your circle   The most recent headlines Rumor: Apple seeding first iOS 10.3 beta on January 10 with new ‘Theatre’ mode Daily Deals: $70 off Beyerdynamic headphones, 10 iTunes movies for $10, and more Beautiful iPhone 7 photos show New Year’s Eve celebrations around the world The best VR apps and games available on the App Store right now Happy New Year firework wallpapers   The latest jailbreak news Jailbreak tweaks of the week: CCLowPower, CCRecord, Evanesco, & more… CCLowPower adds a Low Power Mode toggle to Control Center ForceInPicture enables Picture in Picture mode on unsupported devices CCRecord: a tweak to quickly and easily record your iPhone screen Customize your iOS 10 Control Center toggle colors with Cream 2 and Creamless iDownloadBlog           iDownloadblog.com About About Advertise Contact Keep in Touch Twitter Facebook RSS Feed Newsletter Push Notifications Podcasts Let's Talk iOS Let's Talk Jailbreak Site Stuff Disclosure Privacy Policy   Copyright iDownloadBlog 2017. This website is not affiliated with Apple.
Tuesday 3 Jan 2017 / Tehran - 06:41 / GMT - 03:11 Old FNA Old FNA                 Advanced Search Ar  | En  | Fa  | Tr Home Politico-Defense Politics  - Foreign Policy  - Defense  - Nuclear   Economy Society & Culture Society  - Sport  - Culture  - Art  - Life Style   Sci-Tech Space  - Nano  - Medicine  - Technology  - Earth   World Interviews & Commentaries Interviews  - Commentaries   Multimedia Photo  - Video   All Stories Technology Tue Nov 22, 2016 11:43 Apple 15-Inch MacBook Pro (2016) Review: Fast, Light, Innovative, and Expensive Tweet TEHRAN (FNA)- The new 15-inch MacBook Pro is a quintessential Apple product. It's genuinely innovative, and elegantly designed as always, but also frustratingly convinced of its own infallibility, and -- especially for those of us in post-Brexit Britain -- jaw-droppingly expensive. Above all else, though, this update to the MacBook Pro range is long overdue, with only modest speedbumps in recent years to placate Apple's demanding professional users -- who, let's not forget, kept the company afloat in the lean years before the advent of the all-conquering iPhone. The pent-up demand for new MacBook Pro models seems to have ensured strong pre-orders for Apple, even though the shipping date for this 15-inch model has now stretched to late December, so owners of older MacBook Pro models will obviously want to know whether this new model has been worth the long wait. Touch, Apple-style Apple has often been criticised for failing to adopt touchscreen displays in any of its desktop or laptop computers, but the new Touch Bar included in the 2016 13-inch and 15-inch MacBook Pro ranges (barring only the entry-level 13-inch model) shows that Apple can still "think different" (sic) and come up with its own innovative use of touch technology. Replacing the traditional row of Function keys on the keyboard, the Touch Bar is a touch-sensitive glass panel -- with a resolution of 2,170 by 60 pixels -- that provides context-sensitive controls for individual apps, and even for individual tools within apps such as Adobe's Photoshop. By default, the Touch Bar displays controls for standard settings such as brightness, volume, and the new Mac version of Siri. The 'Esc' key is there too -- it's not quite dead yet, as Apple VP Phil Schiller announced during his demo. But when you switch into an app that supports the Touch Bar you'll see a new set of controls designed for that specific app. In Mail, for example, you'll see predictive text and formatting options, while Messages displays a multitude of emojis. That's unlikely to impress professional users who need to get work done, but Apple does provide an API for the Touch Bar that allows third-party developers to use it within their own apps. Adobe has already demonstrated the use of the Touch Bar in Photoshop, and the ability to quickly step backwards and forwards through a series of complex edits with just a flick of a finger is the sort of thing that will have many designers queuing up to upgrade. Microsoft Office is due for a Touch Bar update as well, although no release date has been announced yet. The Touch Bar is also home to the new Touch ID sensor. That's less innovative as there are plenty of existing business laptops with fingerprint sensors - but of course, Apple's laser-cut sapphire crystal sensor is considerably more stylish than its Windows-based rivals. The Touch Bar could well prove to be a useful time-saver, but the best gift Apple can give its neglected professional user base is a more capable machine that will help them to meet their deadlines. The 15.4-inch Retina Display of the MacBook Pro retains the 2,880 by 1,800 resolution (220ppi) of its predecessors, although it now provides 500-nit brightness -- 67 percent brighter than the 2015 model, according to Apple -- as well as supporting the DCI-P3 colour space used for professional-level video-editing. So, if Apple is aiming at those sorts of high-end applications, then the new MacBook Pro really needs to step up with genuine professional performance. In the UK, prices for the new 15-inch MacBook Pro now start at an eye-watering £2,349 inc. VAT (£1,957.50 ex. VAT, or $2,399 in the US) with a 2.6-3.5GHz quad-core Core i7 processor, 16GB of RAM, a 256GB solid-state drive and a discrete Radeon Pro 450 GPU. There's a second configuration with a 2.7-3.6GHz Core i7 and 512GB of SSD storage for £2,699 inc. VAT (£2,249 ex. VAT, or $2,799 in the US), but we took the plunge and opted for a few build-to-order upgrades, including a 2.9-3.8GHz Core i7-6920HQ processor, a 1TB of SSD, and a Radeon Pro 460 with 4GB of VRAM. That brought the final price of the top-of-the-range 15-inch MacBook Pro to a mind-boggling £3,329 inc. VAT (£2,774.16 ex. VAT, or $3,499 in the US). To be fair, the MacBook Pro does provide very impressive performance. Delivering single- and multi-processor scores of 4,550 and 14,050 in Geekbench 4, the MacBook Pro outguns the raw processor performance of Apple's top-of-the-range 5K iMac, and sits only slightly behind HP's Xeon-based Z1 G3 desktop workstation. The solid-state drive flies too, with write and read speeds of 2,057MB/s and 2,505MB/s under Aja System Test Lite. The Radeon GPU is no slouch either, hitting 85.8fps when running the Cinebench R15 video tests. That's about 9fps behind the iMac, but still 2.5x faster than the 31fps achieved by the 2015 edition of the MacBook Pro -- which is still on sale as a token gesture towards people who can't afford £2,000-£3,000 for a laptop. So, the 2016 version of the 15-inch MacBook Pro is certainly strong enough to handle 4K video-editing and other demanding graphics applications. However, it does have competition from rivals such as Dell's Precision 15 5000 mobile workstation, which offers similar levels of performance for a price that's closer to £2,300 inc. VAT (£1,922 ex. VAT, or $2,540 in the US) Portability versus performance In addition to its performance, the 15-inch MacBook Pro does have one or two other tricks up its elegantly tailored sleeve. This new model has lost a fair bit of weight, dropping to 1.83kg (from 2.04kg) and measuring 349.3mm wide by 241mm deep by 15.5mm thick (compared to 359mm x 247.1mm x 18mm). That makes the 2016 MacBook Pro one of the thinnest and lightest 15-inch laptops currently available. Battery life is good too, aided by the ability to automatically switch between the discrete Radeon GPU and the Core i7's integrated Intel HD 530 Graphics (which can be turned off if you need to stick with the Radeon for specific apps). The Retina display's 500-nit maximum brightness allowed us to turn it down to 50 percent, under which setting the MacBook Pro delivered 7.5 hours (450 mins) of streaming video when using the BBC iPlayer. That's not going to win any awards, but it's still good going for a powerful Core i7 system -- it's also virtually identical to last year's MacBook Pro, and almost double the 230 minutes achieved by the Dell Precision 5000. That's no mean feat, but this laptop's portability does come at a cost. The first thing I noticed is that the 2016 MacBook Pro now uses a slimline keyboard panel, similar to that on the ultraportable MacBook, which feels rather lifeless compared to the more responsive keyboard on my trusty MacBook Air. Apple has also jettisoned most of the MacBook Pro's traditional connectivity features, equipping the 2016 model with just four Thunderbolt 3.0 ports, all of which use a USB-C connector. The speed and versatility of Thunderbolt 3.0 is certainly impressive -- up to 40Gb/s on each port, while also allowing you to connect external storage, monitors and other devices. The downside, of course, is that you'll have to spend even more cash on an assortment of cables and adapters in order to connect existing HDMI, or USB 3.0 and other peripherals. More importantly, the already limited upgrade options of previous models have now been eliminated altogether. The memory and solid-state drive are both soldered onto the motherboard, so user upgrades and repairs are simply out of the question. Apple's expensive build-to-order options do allow you to upgrade the solid-state drive and GPU at the time of purchase, but the memory is fixed at 16GB, which can cramp the style of professional applications such as Photoshop or 4K video-editing in Final Cut Pro. There's always a compromise between performance and portability in laptop computers, but a 'pro' laptop should surely prioritise the former over the latter. Conclusions The new Touch Bar proves that Apple hasn't lost its innovative touch, and the 2016 15-inch MacBook Pro is a superb piece of engineering. It provides the performance that professional users need, wrapped up in an attractive, lightweight design that also offers all-day battery life. However, it's extravagantly expensive, and the complete lack of upgradeability is a real weakness in a laptop aimed at professionals -- especially one that will need to justify its high price tag over a period of several years.         LATEST STORIES (8) Iraqi Chopper Striking ISIL Positions Near Tal Afar Saudi Arabia's Costly War on Yemen and Its Great Losses in 2016 Iraqi Special Forces Recapture Another Neighborhood in Eastern Mosul Iraqi Special Forces Evacuate Civilians from Danger Zone in Mosul Elite Iraqi Forces in Battle with ISIL Militants in Mosul Mosul Operations: ISIL Terrorists Scatter in Fear After Tough Offensive by Iraqi Popular Forces Over 32 Killed, 61 Wounded as Blast Hits Sadr City Area of Baghdad Iran Opens Line of Small Caliber Ammunition NIOC Approves Qualification of 29 Foreign Energy Firms for Int'l Tenders Eternal Condemnation: Marking the First Anniversary of Sheikh Nimr’s Execution by Riyadh Turkey Mourns Victims of Istanbul Nightclub Attack Official: Iran's Petchem Exports to Hit 20mln Tons by Yearend Fabulous Fireworks Across World Greet 2017 Iran Ups Steel Exports by 51 Percent in 8 Months Damascus: Militants in One More Town Joining Peace Agreement with Syrian Gov't Iraqi Chopper Striking ISIL Positions Near Tal Afar TEHRAN (FNA)- Iraqi choppers struck at ISIL gathering positions near Tal Afar, West of Mosul. [VIDEO] Saudi Arabia's Costly War on Yemen and Its Great Losses in 2016 TEHRAN (FNA)- The Saudi campaign was launched in 2015 with the aim of reinstating Yemen’s former president Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi, but it has been unsuccessful in achieving its goal after two years of unfair war. [VIDEO] Iraqi Special Forces Recapture Another Neighborhood in Eastern Mosul TEHRAN (FNA)- Iraqi forces achieved more victories by recapturing the Al-Intisar area in Eastern Mosul during their ongoing military operation against ISIL terrorists. [PHOTOS] Iraqi Special Forces Evacuate Civilians from Danger Zone in Mosul TEHRAN (FNA)- Iraqi special forces evacuated civilians from Al-Methaq neighborhood in Mosul to a safer location while advancing to more districts in the Eastern parts of the city. [PHOTOS] Elite Iraqi Forces in Battle with ISIL Militants in Mosul TEHRAN (FNA)- The Iraqi Rapid Response Division opened its way into the Northern edge of Al-Intisar neighborhood, while the Counter-Terrorism Service (CTS) advanced to the Southern side of the adjacent Al-Quds area. [VIDEO] Mosul Operations: ISIL Terrorists Scatter in Fear After Tough Offensive by Iraqi Popular Forces TEHRAN (FNA)- Iraqi popular Forces' tough battle power pushed ISIL back from regions West of Mosul and destroyed a number of their suicide vehicles. [VIDEO] Over 32 Killed, 61 Wounded as Blast Hits Sadr City Area of Baghdad TEHRAN (FNA)- A car bomb that went off in Baghdad’s Sadr City area left over 32 people dead and 61 wounded. Another twin car explosions also hit Baghdad neighborhood near al-Kindi and al-Chawadir hospitals in Eastern and central parts of the city. [PHOTOS] Iran Opens Line of Small Caliber Ammunition TEHRAN (FNA)- Iran launched another production Line of small caliber ammunition on Monday and Iranian Defense Minister Hossein Dehghan attended the ceremony. [PHOTOS] NIOC Approves Qualification of 29 Foreign Energy Firms for Int'l Tenders TEHRAN (FNA)- The National Iranian Oil Company (NIOC) approved qualification of several international exploration and production (E&P) companies for participating in oil and gas tenders. Eternal Condemnation: Marking the First Anniversary of Sheikh Nimr’s Execution by Riyadh TEHRAN (FNA)- People of good conscience from around the world are holding rallies to mark the first anniversary of the execution of prominent Shiite cleric Sheikh Nimr al-Nimr by the Riyadh regime. Turkey Mourns Victims of Istanbul Nightclub Attack TEHRAN (FNA)- Relatives carry the coffin of one of the 39 victims of the Reina night club attack during his funeral ceremony on January 1, 2017 in Istanbul. [PHOTOS] Official: Iran's Petchem Exports to Hit 20mln Tons by Yearend TEHRAN (FNA)- A senior energy official disclosed that Iran is planning to considerably boost the export of its petrochemical products before the end of the current Iranian year (will end March 20, 2017). Fabulous Fireworks Across World Greet 2017 TEHRAN (FNA)- Fireworks explode in Marina Bay during New Year celebrations in Singapore January 1, 2017. [PHOTOS] Iran Ups Steel Exports by 51 Percent in 8 Months TEHRAN (FNA)- Iran's private sector exported over 3.7 million tons of crude steel and related products in the first eight months of the current Iranian year (March 20-November 20), showing a considerable growth compared with last year's corresponding period, official data released by the government said. Damascus: Militants in One More Town Joining Peace Agreement with Syrian Gov't TEHRAN (FNA)- Militants in a key town in Western Damascus are about to end fight against the Syrian government after long talks with the reconciliation committee in the region. ﻿ ﻿ Sections Home World Politico-Defense Interviews Economy Multimedia Society & Culture All Stories Sci-Tech About us Contact us Fars News Agency Fars News Agency. All rights reserved 2017 ©
Tuesday 3 Jan 2017 / Tehran - 06:41 / GMT - 03:11 Old FNA Old FNA                 Advanced Search Ar  | En  | Fa  | Tr Home Politico-Defense Politics  - Foreign Policy  - Defense  - Nuclear   Economy Society & Culture Society  - Sport  - Culture  - Art  - Life Style   Sci-Tech Space  - Nano  - Medicine  - Technology  - Earth   World Interviews & Commentaries Interviews  - Commentaries   Multimedia Photo  - Video   All Stories Technology Tue Nov 22, 2016 11:43 Samsung Galaxy S7 to Launch in New Glossy Black Color to Compete with Shiny Jet Black iPhone 7 Tweet TEHRAN (FNA)- A new report claims Samsung is preparing to introduce a new color option for the Galaxy S7 in December. The company is supposedly planning to release a Glossy Black version of the Galaxy S7 to counter Apple's Jet Black iPhone 7. Leading up to the release of the Galaxy Note 7 in August, Samsung was having a very good year in the smartphone game. The company's Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge received stellar reviews at launch, and the pair remains the best-selling Android smartphones of 2016. The Galaxy Note 7 debacle and subsequent recall has forced Samsung to put major focus on its other flagship smartphones, the Galaxy S7 and S7 edge, and in an effort to drum up sales of the Galaxy S7 edge, Samsung and major U.S. carriers recently launched a new Blue Coral color option of the handset, which was previously exclusive to the Note 7. Samsung Counters Apple's Rose Gold iPhone 6s And iPhone 6s Plus We reported in August, in what appeared to be a direct response to Apple's Rose Gold iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus, that Samsung added a new Pink Gold color option to its Galaxy S7 and S7 edge lineup, which are exclusively sold through Best Buy. A new report claims Samsung isn't finished taking inspiration from Apple's iPhone color palette this year and is supposedly planning to launch a Glossy Black Galaxy S7 to match Apple's wildly popular Jet Black iPhone 7. New iPhone 7-Inspired Samsung Galaxy S7 To Launch Soon? SamMobile is reporting that sources in Korea claim Samsung will launch a new Glossy Black color choice to try and reignite sales of the Galaxy S7 and counter Apple's Jet Black iPhone 7 offering. Like Apple's Jet Black and Black color choices, Samsung's Glossy Black Galaxy S7 would be the second black variant in its flagship smartphone lineup, joining Black Onyx. The company may want to consider adding a Glossy White variant and beat Apple to the punch with its rumored impending Jet White iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. It's not clear if the new Glossy Black Galaxy S7 will be offered outside of South Korea, but considering the Blue Coral Galaxy S7 edge was released in many markets, chances are it will likely make its way to more countries. The company is also hard at work in bringing Google's latest and greatest version of Android to the Galaxy S7 and S7 edge and recently launched an Android 7.0 Nougat Galaxy Beta program that allows users to take the new OS out for a test drive before its release to the public. Samsung has already confirmed it plans on providing the software update for its former flagship Galaxy S6, S6 edge, S6 edge Plus and Note 5, although it's unclear when it will actually do so.         LATEST STORIES (8) Iraqi Chopper Striking ISIL Positions Near Tal Afar Saudi Arabia's Costly War on Yemen and Its Great Losses in 2016 Iraqi Special Forces Recapture Another Neighborhood in Eastern Mosul Iraqi Special Forces Evacuate Civilians from Danger Zone in Mosul Elite Iraqi Forces in Battle with ISIL Militants in Mosul Mosul Operations: ISIL Terrorists Scatter in Fear After Tough Offensive by Iraqi Popular Forces Over 32 Killed, 61 Wounded as Blast Hits Sadr City Area of Baghdad Iran Opens Line of Small Caliber Ammunition NIOC Approves Qualification of 29 Foreign Energy Firms for Int'l Tenders Eternal Condemnation: Marking the First Anniversary of Sheikh Nimr’s Execution by Riyadh Turkey Mourns Victims of Istanbul Nightclub Attack Official: Iran's Petchem Exports to Hit 20mln Tons by Yearend Fabulous Fireworks Across World Greet 2017 Iran Ups Steel Exports by 51 Percent in 8 Months Damascus: Militants in One More Town Joining Peace Agreement with Syrian Gov't Iraqi Chopper Striking ISIL Positions Near Tal Afar TEHRAN (FNA)- Iraqi choppers struck at ISIL gathering positions near Tal Afar, West of Mosul. [VIDEO] Saudi Arabia's Costly War on Yemen and Its Great Losses in 2016 TEHRAN (FNA)- The Saudi campaign was launched in 2015 with the aim of reinstating Yemen’s former president Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi, but it has been unsuccessful in achieving its goal after two years of unfair war. [VIDEO] Iraqi Special Forces Recapture Another Neighborhood in Eastern Mosul TEHRAN (FNA)- Iraqi forces achieved more victories by recapturing the Al-Intisar area in Eastern Mosul during their ongoing military operation against ISIL terrorists. [PHOTOS] Iraqi Special Forces Evacuate Civilians from Danger Zone in Mosul TEHRAN (FNA)- Iraqi special forces evacuated civilians from Al-Methaq neighborhood in Mosul to a safer location while advancing to more districts in the Eastern parts of the city. [PHOTOS] Elite Iraqi Forces in Battle with ISIL Militants in Mosul TEHRAN (FNA)- The Iraqi Rapid Response Division opened its way into the Northern edge of Al-Intisar neighborhood, while the Counter-Terrorism Service (CTS) advanced to the Southern side of the adjacent Al-Quds area. [VIDEO] Mosul Operations: ISIL Terrorists Scatter in Fear After Tough Offensive by Iraqi Popular Forces TEHRAN (FNA)- Iraqi popular Forces' tough battle power pushed ISIL back from regions West of Mosul and destroyed a number of their suicide vehicles. [VIDEO] Over 32 Killed, 61 Wounded as Blast Hits Sadr City Area of Baghdad TEHRAN (FNA)- A car bomb that went off in Baghdad’s Sadr City area left over 32 people dead and 61 wounded. Another twin car explosions also hit Baghdad neighborhood near al-Kindi and al-Chawadir hospitals in Eastern and central parts of the city. [PHOTOS] Iran Opens Line of Small Caliber Ammunition TEHRAN (FNA)- Iran launched another production Line of small caliber ammunition on Monday and Iranian Defense Minister Hossein Dehghan attended the ceremony. [PHOTOS] NIOC Approves Qualification of 29 Foreign Energy Firms for Int'l Tenders TEHRAN (FNA)- The National Iranian Oil Company (NIOC) approved qualification of several international exploration and production (E&P) companies for participating in oil and gas tenders. Eternal Condemnation: Marking the First Anniversary of Sheikh Nimr’s Execution by Riyadh TEHRAN (FNA)- People of good conscience from around the world are holding rallies to mark the first anniversary of the execution of prominent Shiite cleric Sheikh Nimr al-Nimr by the Riyadh regime. Turkey Mourns Victims of Istanbul Nightclub Attack TEHRAN (FNA)- Relatives carry the coffin of one of the 39 victims of the Reina night club attack during his funeral ceremony on January 1, 2017 in Istanbul. [PHOTOS] Official: Iran's Petchem Exports to Hit 20mln Tons by Yearend TEHRAN (FNA)- A senior energy official disclosed that Iran is planning to considerably boost the export of its petrochemical products before the end of the current Iranian year (will end March 20, 2017). Fabulous Fireworks Across World Greet 2017 TEHRAN (FNA)- Fireworks explode in Marina Bay during New Year celebrations in Singapore January 1, 2017. [PHOTOS] Iran Ups Steel Exports by 51 Percent in 8 Months TEHRAN (FNA)- Iran's private sector exported over 3.7 million tons of crude steel and related products in the first eight months of the current Iranian year (March 20-November 20), showing a considerable growth compared with last year's corresponding period, official data released by the government said. Damascus: Militants in One More Town Joining Peace Agreement with Syrian Gov't TEHRAN (FNA)- Militants in a key town in Western Damascus are about to end fight against the Syrian government after long talks with the reconciliation committee in the region. ﻿ ﻿ Sections Home World Politico-Defense Interviews Economy Multimedia Society & Culture All Stories Sci-Tech About us Contact us Fars News Agency Fars News Agency. All rights reserved 2017 ©
null
