U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Jan 06, 8:05 PM EST Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology AirPods Replacement Price: Apple Releases Warranty Information By Denisse Moreno On 12/15/16 AT 3:38 PM Close If you lose an AirPod, you’ll have to pay a fee for a replacement, Apple says. The company published on its site warranty information for the new wireless earphones that went on sale Tuesday. The AirPods were announced during Apple’s September event alongside the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. The earpods were supposed to launch in October but the release date was delayed. The AirPods, which come with a charging case, are currently priced at $159. If a user loses an AirPod he or she can purchase a replacement for $69, Apple says. The price is the same for losing a charging case. Apple says it will cover issues including defective batteries on the AirPods and the charging cases under its One Year Limited Warranty, or at $49 out of warranty. If a user’s battery decreases over time, it can be replaced for the specified fee. Apple AirPods warranty, replacement prices. Photo: Apple Apple explains more on the AirPods: “If you need service for your AirPods or charging case, there's no charge if the issue is covered under the Apple One Year Limited Warranty or consumer law. Our warranty covers a defective battery, but it doesn’t cover wear from normal use.  If the battery capacity on your AirPods or charging case decreases over time, you can replace them for a battery service fee. Related Stories AirPods Now Available on Apple Website, Shipping After Christmas This is Why the Apple AirPods Were Delayed If your AirPods or charging case get damaged accidentally, you can pay an out-of-warranty fee. And if you lose an AirPod or your charging case, we can replace your lost item for a fee.” AirPods are priced at $159 and will begin arriving in Apple stores, Apple Authorized Resellers and select carriers next week. When the AirPods went on sale earlier this week, Apple noted that the AirPods will begin shipping in “limited quantities” at launch, which was rumored before. The earphones will take six weeks to ship, the site currently says. “Customers are encouraged to check online for updates on availability and estimated delivery dates. Stores will receive regular AirPod shipments,” Apple said. Join the Discussion Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Business Donald Trump Attacks Toyota On Twitter The president-elect has previously targeted other automakers, including General Motors in a recent tweet, and Ford Motor on the campaign trail. Technology NVIDIA, Mercedes-Benz Will Make An AI-Powered Car The two companies announced the partnership at CES this week. World War Over Water? In Central Asia, Uzbekistan, Kyrgyzstan, Kazakhstan and China Battle Over Dry Land Seasonal snow melt generally feeds into area rivers, providing water to communities in Uzbekistan, Kyrgyzstan, Kazakhstan and the Xinjiang region in China. National Esteben Santiago Isn't The First Ex-Serviceman To Turn Weapons On Civilians Reports indicate he served in both the Alaska and Puerto Rico National Guard. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iPad Air 2 iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS Sierra Retina MacBook tvOS 10 watchOS 3 Buyer's Guide Forums iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s Retina MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air Apple VR Project iMac iPad Air 2 Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > New in OS X: Get MacRumors Push Notifications on your Mac Resubscribe Now Close Apple Seeds First iOS 10.2.1 and macOS Sierra 10.12.3 Betas to Public Beta Testers Thursday December 15, 2016 11:33 am PST by Juli Clover Apple today seeded the first public betas of both iOS 10.2.1 and macOS Sierra 10.12.3 to public beta testers, one day after seeding the two new releases to developers and two weeks after releasing iOS 10.2 and macOS Sierra 10.12.2. Beta testers who have signed up for Apple's beta testing program will receive the new iOS 10.2.1 beta update over-the-air after installing the proper certificate on their iOS device, and macOS Sierra 10.12.3 can be installed using the Software Update mechanism in the Mac App Store. Those who want to be a part of Apple's beta testing program can sign up to participate through the beta testing website, which gives users access to both iOS and macOS Sierra betas. Betas are not stable and include many bugs, so they should be installed on a secondary device. No major outward-facing changes were discovered in the developer betas of macOS Sierra 10.12.3 or iOS 10.2.1, suggesting they are both minor updates that focus on bug fixes and under-the-hood changes rather than major new features. Related Roundups: iOS 10, macOS Sierra [ 53 comments ] Top Rated Comments (View all) loveios 3 weeks ago Guys, Apple in iOS 10.2.1 beta 1 fixed the calendar spam issue, and iPhone 6S auto shutdown issue[MEDIA=youtube]znBOeUFsndk[/MEDIA] Rating: 4 Votes skillwill 3 weeks ago Is anyone actually noticing an improvement in the final builds since Apple started such a wide and regular public beta testing? I'm certainly not. Makes me think people only download it so they can blog about it or.m show their friends they have it Rating: 3 Votes faxe 3 weeks ago Starting with the iOS 10 and Sierra betas, bug reporting has been almost impossible. You can write a detailed report and then hit send, then wait for 20 minutes until it says it was unable to send the report and to try again. You then try again and again until it eventually suceeds or you just give up. When it does succeed, you can watch as new betas come and go and not a single one of your reports have been addressed. Perhaps new bugs appear, but the old ones remain (blatant, obvious ones that make you think Apple employees don't use their own software because how can they possibly not see those bugs). The overall effect is bugs accumulate and each beta is worse than the last. After this happens for each and every piece of feedback you try to send, you start to question if you should even try to report bugs, until you eventually stop sending reports. feedback app working fine here for me no problem submitting bug reports. Rating: 3 Votes Mr. Dee 3 weeks ago Welcome to Internet life. Remember the days, only time you would update your operating system happened only when you bought a new version? Rating: 3 Votes benface 3 weeks ago 10.2.1, 10.12.3..... It's getting confusing. Rating: 3 Votes BigHonkingDeal 3 weeks ago I just deleted my Beta profile on my iPhone..... It's getting a little tedious to install a new beta every few days. Rating: 3 Votes Grolubao 3 weeks ago Snow leopard was still the best release ever. So stable and fast Rating: 2 Votes MacsRgr8 3 weeks ago When was that? There have been .1 updates since the first version of DOS. Indeed....hmm.. I'm digging through my memory here.... been using Mac OS since version System 6 (next to DOS / Windows back then) IIRC, once I got System 7, I got updates from a specific Apple update web site. Dial up modem, download the .sea archive and copy to floppy. :D Rating: 2 Votes Guy Clark 3 weeks ago Apple have utterly lost the plot with macOS (OS X ) no doubt the highlight will be more emojii's Keeping mine as it is none of this modern rubbish PowerMac G5 running OS X 10.4.11 Tiger Late 2009 21.5" iMac running OS X 10.6.8 Snow Leopard Afterall if it ain't broke why fix it? Rating: 2 Votes Zirel 3 weeks ago Immediate download and install? Don't do it. :p:D Because that's the point of running betas on your system... Rating: 2 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming iMac Early 2017 Updated models with AMD graphics options expected in early 2017. iPad Pro Early 2017? New ~10.5-inch model with nearly bezel-free design rumored. iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 New glass-backed design rumored to lose the Home button. More Blog Stories Apple Celebrates Chinese New Year With Exclusive Wallpapers Created on iPad, iMac, and MacBook Pro 9 hours ago on iOS Blog In celebration of the 2017 Chinese New Year, designated Year of the Rooster, Apple has launched a new section on its website in China, Hong Kong, Taiwan, and Singapore highlighting five young Chinese... 15 comments 'Finder for AirPods' App Can Help You Track Down a Missing AirPod 10 hours ago on iOS Blog The lightweight nature and small size of Apple's AirPods have caused concerns for current and future owners of the Bluetooth headphones, centering around how easy it could be to lose them. iOS... 57 comments Apple Will Open its First Retail Store in South Korea This Year 14 hours ago on Mac Blog Apple will open its first retail store in South Korea this year, according to a report on Friday (via Reuters). The country's Yonhap News Agency said that construction was underway for a... 10 comments Instagram Adds Support for Wide Color and Live Photos 23 hours ago on iOS Blog At Apple's September 2016 special event, Instagram announced several new features for its app to take advantage of various iPhone capabilities. Today, co-founder Mike Krieger announced that two... 16 comments Verizon Eliminates Two-Year Contracts for Smartphone Upgrades 1 day ago on iOS Blog Starting today, Verizon will no longer be allowing customers who are upgrading their smartphones to purchase a two-year contract, effectively eliminating two-year contracts for all new and existing... 129 comments CES 2017: Henge Docks Debuts New Horizontal and Vertical Docking Stations for 2016 MacBook Pro 1 day ago on Mac Blog Henge, known for its range of docks for Apple's line of notebooks and iOS devices, today introduced new docking stations designed for the 2016 MacBook Pro. There are a total of three new docks:... 20 comments CES 2017: Razer Debuts 'Project Valerie' Triple Display Laptop 1 day ago on Mac Blog Razer, known for its gaming laptops and accessories, today unveiled its latest product, the world's first triple display laptop. Project Valerie features a Razer laptop that's equipped with... 103 comments Elago's W3 Charging Stand Turns Your Apple Watch Into the Original Macintosh 1 day ago on Mac Blog Elago's W3 Stand for Apple Watch can turn Apple's modern wearable device into a classic Macintosh, all while charging and protecting the Apple Watch. The Nightstand Mode-only accessory has a... 31 comments • CES 2017: Leviton Debuts New HomeKit-Enabled Light Switches and Dimmers (20) • CES 2017: Honeywell Debuts Two Home Security Cameras, Adding HomeKit to Lyric Security System (15) • CES 2017: OtterBox uniVERSE Modular Case System Coming to iPad Air 2 and 9.7-Inch iPad Pro (5) • CES 2017: Apple Pay Integration With 'MORE.' Loyalty Program Coming to 300,000 U.S. Vending Machines (4) • CES 2017: Promise Technology Unveils New 2TB Apollo Cloud With Lower $199 Price Tag (16) • CES 2017: Clarion, JVC, and Kenwood Debut New Aftermarket CarPlay Systems (23) • CES 2017: Incipio's 'Kiddy Lock' Case for iPhone 7 Keeps Kids From Accessing Home Button (32)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Husain Sumra Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade TouchArcade Needs Your Help - Tell Your Friends and Support Our Patreon TouchArcade Game of the Week: 'Milkmaid of the Milky Way' Cult Flash RPG 'Sonny' Coming to Mobile Courtesy of Armor Games Artsy and Emotional Puzzle Adventure 'Shards of Memories' Now Available 'Demon's Rise' Gets Update Bringing Tech on Par With 'Demon's Rise 2' Developer PSA: Don't Forget to Submit Your Games to the IndiePlus 2017 Contest to Potentially Win $10,000 AppShopper Apple Announces New iPhone 6s with 3D Touch Apple Announces iPad Pro with 12.9-inch Retina Display Apple Announces iOS 9, Bringing Split-Screen Multi-tasking to iPad Apple Announces Mac OS X 10.11 'El Capitan' Apple Watch Pre-Orders to Open on April 10, Available Starting on April 24 Apple Announces New 12-inch MacBook with Retina Display Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iPad Air 2 iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS Sierra Retina MacBook tvOS 10 watchOS 3 Buyer's Guide Forums iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s Retina MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air Apple VR Project iMac iPad Air 2 Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > New in OS X: Get MacRumors Push Notifications on your Mac Resubscribe Now Close Apple Shares New 'Go Surf' and 'Go Ride' Apple Watch Ads Thursday December 15, 2016 11:46 am PST by Joe Rossignol Apple today released two new 10-second Apple Watch Series 2 fitness-oriented ads that once again position the device as "the gift of go." "Go Surf" shows an Apple Watch Series 2 being unboxed and used for surfing, while "Go Ride" shows the device being used for urban cycling. The ads will likely appear on TV in the United States, and possibly elsewhere, alongside "Go Play," "Go Run," "Go Out," and "Go Dance" ads shared last week. Related Roundups: Apple Watch Series 2, watchOS 3 Tag: Apple ads Buyer's Guide: Apple Watch (Caution) [ 62 comments ] Top Rated Comments (View all) ILuvEggplant 3 weeks ago these are misleading ads 1st no surfer ive seen wears an apple watch while surfing. have you tried using the screen when wet? regarding the cycling - where are the data screens for cadence, power, speed sensor, etc.? Rating: 11 Votes a.gomez 3 weeks ago Apple really needs to find a way for this thing not to look so ugly on the wrist. It is just a clunky box with a massive band... woof! Rating: 11 Votes tod 3 weeks ago I don't understand why an Apple Watch is supposed to enhance the experience of riding a bicycle. I used to have a computer on my road bike but I threw it away. I don't care about the numbers. I just want to enjoy the ride. Rating: 9 Votes Johnny907 3 weeks ago [MEDIA=youtube]mjo629JpTyE[/MEDIA] Nailed it. Rating: 7 Votes citysnaps 3 weeks ago Seriously Apple? still think the Apple watch is worth what you change for it? Go Fish. Definitely worth it for me. It's been on my wrist at least 12 hours a day for about the last year and a half. Rather than listening to all the typical negative buh-blah on MR from people who didn't own one, I wanted to see for myself and bought the Sport model to check it out first-hand, believing there was still achance it wouldn't work for me and I'd simply return it because I hadn't had a watch on wrist for ten years. After a week I was sold. No way it was going back. Valuable for everyday fitness activities (cycling, hiking, gym) and for dealing with messages, email, calendar reminders, calls, Siri, etc without having to fish out my phone. And it's an excellent watch for time as well. So tell me about your Apple Watch personal experiences? Rating: 6 Votes Fozziebear71 3 weeks ago And yet you still can't walk in a store and buy a Series 2 Watch. Brilliant, Apple. Rating: 5 Votes tremlock 3 weeks ago go surf, go ride, but do not...i repeat DO NOT, upgrade to 3.1.1 Rating: 5 Votes Zirel 3 weeks ago these are misleading ads 1st no surfer ive seen wears an apple watch while surfing. have you tried using the screen when wet? regarding the cycling - where are the data screens for cadence, power, speed sensor, etc.? Of course a comment like this must appear. 1st. They don't show it being used in the water, and the S2 actually has a screen that responds fairly well when wet. 2nd. It has a "speed sensor" via accelerometers and GPS, and no, it doesn't have cadence or power because that's physically impossible for a watch. Also, it's meaningless, who cares? It doesn't tell anything! Rating: 4 Votes diazj3 3 weeks ago Seriously Apple? still think the Apple watch is worth what you change for it? Go Fish. Rating: 4 Votes TAZ911 3 weeks ago Agree, and don't forget that waterdamage is not covered by warranty. Now of a couple of cases unfortunately Water damage may not be on the official warranty, but Apple still replaced my series 1 after it went TU after getting wet. Since they are specifically advertising the series 2 as water resistant they will have to cover it. Unless they want more law suits that is. Price is set by the market. If people weren't snapping them up at this price apple would figure out a different strategy up to and including killing them. Right now demand is beating supply so they are obviously doing something right. I've had mine for about 1.5 years and the only really negative thing that kills it is the crappy battery life. Can't even go on a weekend get away with the wife without needing to take cords and stuff. Not cool. Once they fix that aspect, other improvements will be gravy for me. Rating: 3 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming iMac Early 2017 Updated models with AMD graphics options expected in early 2017. iPad Pro Early 2017? New ~10.5-inch model with nearly bezel-free design rumored. iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 New glass-backed design rumored to lose the Home button. More Blog Stories Apple Celebrates Chinese New Year With Exclusive Wallpapers Created on iPad, iMac, and MacBook Pro 9 hours ago on iOS Blog In celebration of the 2017 Chinese New Year, designated Year of the Rooster, Apple has launched a new section on its website in China, Hong Kong, Taiwan, and Singapore highlighting five young Chinese... 15 comments 'Finder for AirPods' App Can Help You Track Down a Missing AirPod 10 hours ago on iOS Blog The lightweight nature and small size of Apple's AirPods have caused concerns for current and future owners of the Bluetooth headphones, centering around how easy it could be to lose them. iOS... 57 comments Apple Will Open its First Retail Store in South Korea This Year 14 hours ago on Mac Blog Apple will open its first retail store in South Korea this year, according to a report on Friday (via Reuters). The country's Yonhap News Agency said that construction was underway for a... 10 comments Instagram Adds Support for Wide Color and Live Photos 23 hours ago on iOS Blog At Apple's September 2016 special event, Instagram announced several new features for its app to take advantage of various iPhone capabilities. Today, co-founder Mike Krieger announced that two... 16 comments Verizon Eliminates Two-Year Contracts for Smartphone Upgrades 1 day ago on iOS Blog Starting today, Verizon will no longer be allowing customers who are upgrading their smartphones to purchase a two-year contract, effectively eliminating two-year contracts for all new and existing... 129 comments CES 2017: Henge Docks Debuts New Horizontal and Vertical Docking Stations for 2016 MacBook Pro 1 day ago on Mac Blog Henge, known for its range of docks for Apple's line of notebooks and iOS devices, today introduced new docking stations designed for the 2016 MacBook Pro. There are a total of three new docks:... 20 comments CES 2017: Razer Debuts 'Project Valerie' Triple Display Laptop 1 day ago on Mac Blog Razer, known for its gaming laptops and accessories, today unveiled its latest product, the world's first triple display laptop. Project Valerie features a Razer laptop that's equipped with... 103 comments Elago's W3 Charging Stand Turns Your Apple Watch Into the Original Macintosh 1 day ago on Mac Blog Elago's W3 Stand for Apple Watch can turn Apple's modern wearable device into a classic Macintosh, all while charging and protecting the Apple Watch. The Nightstand Mode-only accessory has a... 31 comments • CES 2017: Leviton Debuts New HomeKit-Enabled Light Switches and Dimmers (20) • CES 2017: Honeywell Debuts Two Home Security Cameras, Adding HomeKit to Lyric Security System (15) • CES 2017: OtterBox uniVERSE Modular Case System Coming to iPad Air 2 and 9.7-Inch iPad Pro (5) • CES 2017: Apple Pay Integration With 'MORE.' Loyalty Program Coming to 300,000 U.S. Vending Machines (4) • CES 2017: Promise Technology Unveils New 2TB Apollo Cloud With Lower $199 Price Tag (16) • CES 2017: Clarion, JVC, and Kenwood Debut New Aftermarket CarPlay Systems (23) • CES 2017: Incipio's 'Kiddy Lock' Case for iPhone 7 Keeps Kids From Accessing Home Button (32)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Husain Sumra Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade TouchArcade Needs Your Help - Tell Your Friends and Support Our Patreon TouchArcade Game of the Week: 'Milkmaid of the Milky Way' Cult Flash RPG 'Sonny' Coming to Mobile Courtesy of Armor Games Artsy and Emotional Puzzle Adventure 'Shards of Memories' Now Available 'Demon's Rise' Gets Update Bringing Tech on Par With 'Demon's Rise 2' Developer PSA: Don't Forget to Submit Your Games to the IndiePlus 2017 Contest to Potentially Win $10,000 AppShopper Apple Announces New iPhone 6s with 3D Touch Apple Announces iPad Pro with 12.9-inch Retina Display Apple Announces iOS 9, Bringing Split-Screen Multi-tasking to iPad Apple Announces Mac OS X 10.11 'El Capitan' Apple Watch Pre-Orders to Open on April 10, Available Starting on April 24 Apple Announces New 12-inch MacBook with Retina Display Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
iDownloadBlog Home Jailbreak How to Jailbreak Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Cydia Unlock How to Unlock Unlock News iPhone iPhone News iPhone 6s iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6 iPhone Photography iPad iPad News iPad Air iPad mini Watch Apple Watch Guide Mac Mac Mac Apps Mac Tips TV Apple TV guide Apps iOS Apps Mac Apps Widgets Best Apps App Finder Tips Tips How to Tutorial iPhone Photography Download Deals Daily Deals: $50 off Nest thermostat, $90 off iPhone SE, and more Let’s Talk Jailbreak 157: All about the iOS 10 jailbreak and Prometheus Let’s Talk iOS 168: What we want to see from Apple in... Happy New Year firework wallpapers   skip to main content skip to main menu     Apple posts two new ”Go” ads for Apple Watch Series 2 By Christian Zibreg, Dec 15, 2016 Tweet Leave a Comment “Go” concept of latest Apple Watch ads has worked out well for Apple because the company just posted a pair of new commercials for Apple Watch Series 2 on its YouTube channel. Titled “Go Ride” and “Go Surf,” the 30-second videos highlight water resistance and position the wrist-worn device as the perfect companion for cyclists and surfers. Check them out and let us know how you liked them. Apple Watch Series 2—Go Surf “Catch a workout with every wave,” reads the video’s description. Song: Area by Magnus the Magnus Apple Watch Series 2—Go Ride “Get moving with Apple Watch,” says Apple. Song: U Already Know by Keys and Krates You may want to check out last week’s “Go Play” and “Go Run” Apple Watch Series 2 ads, too. The “Go Dance” and “Go Out” ads from three days ago are available here. The first ad in the “Go” series, titled “Go Time,” aired back in September. Source: Apple on YouTube Share: Tweet Follow: Follow @iDownloadBlog We Recommend Apple Watch Series 2 holiday campaign continues with 9-second Go Swim ad Apple airs two new holiday-themed Apple Watch Series 2 ads, “Go Dance” and “Go Out” Check out new Christmas ads for Apple Watch Series 2 Check out the latest Apple Watch Series 2 ad Related Topics Ads, Advertising, Apple, Apple Watch, Apple Watch Series 2, Marketing, News   Search Connect with iDownloadBlog Facebook Become a fan RSS Get the latest news YouTube Watch Us Twitter Stay up to date Newsletter News delivered to you Google+ Add us to your circle   The most recent headlines Apple planning to open first retail store on Samsung’s home turf Apple shares wallpapers created with Mac and iOS devices for Chinese New Year How to add Live Photos to your Instagram stories This is what the iPhone’s interface could have looked like TSSChecker now correctly supports iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus   The latest jailbreak news TSSChecker now correctly supports iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus Yalu + mach_portal now supports TSMC models: still unstable NoTodayView disables the Spotlight widget page on the Home and Lock screens AntennaGIFDL lets you download GIFs from the Antenna Reddit client app CasualAlarm uses random songs from your music library for alarm sounds iDownloadBlog           iDownloadblog.com About About Advertise Contact Keep in Touch Twitter Facebook RSS Feed Newsletter Push Notifications Podcasts Let's Talk iOS Let's Talk Jailbreak Site Stuff Disclosure Privacy Policy   Copyright iDownloadBlog 2017. This website is not affiliated with Apple.
iDownloadBlog Home Jailbreak How to Jailbreak Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Cydia Unlock How to Unlock Unlock News iPhone iPhone News iPhone 6s iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6 iPhone Photography iPad iPad News iPad Air iPad mini Watch Apple Watch Guide Mac Mac Mac Apps Mac Tips TV Apple TV guide Apps iOS Apps Mac Apps Widgets Best Apps App Finder Tips Tips How to Tutorial iPhone Photography Download Deals Daily Deals: $50 off Nest thermostat, $90 off iPhone SE, and more Let’s Talk Jailbreak 157: All about the iOS 10 jailbreak and Prometheus Let’s Talk iOS 168: What we want to see from Apple in... Happy New Year firework wallpapers   skip to main content skip to main menu     iOS 10.2.1 and macOS Sierra 10.12.3 now available to public beta testers By Christian Zibreg, Dec 15, 2016 Tweet Leave a Comment After seeding iOS 10.2.1 beta 1 and macOS Sierra 10.12.3 beta 1 to members of the Apple Developer Program yesterday, Apple today released versions of these software updates for public beta-testing. If you sign up at the Apple Beta Software Program website to become a beta tester and install an appropriate configuration profile on your device, you too will be able to install the first beta of macOS Sierra 10.12.3 on your Mac and take iOS 10.2.1 for a spin on your iPhone, iPad and iPod touch. After the configuration profile has been installed on your device (follow the instructions on the Apple Beta Software Program website), head over to Settings → General → Software Update on your iOS device, or launch the Mac App Store’s Updates tab on your Mac, and the public beta should appear as an over-the-air download. iOS 10.2.1 and macOS Sierra 10.12.3 are maintenance updates so we’re not expecting any new outward-facing user features. The recently-launched iOS 10.2, on the other hand, brought out more than a dozen new iPhone and iPad features. Give them a quick watch in Andrew’s hands-on video embedded below, if you want. watchOS 3.1.1 was pulled yesterday following bricking complaints. As for tvOS 10.1.1, which was also seeded to developers yesterday, it’s off limits to the general public because tvOS and watchOS betas are unavailable through Apple’s beta program. Share: Tweet Follow: Follow @iDownloadBlog We Recommend Apple seeds first beta of iOS 10.2.1, macOS Sierra 10.12.3 and tvOS 10.1.1 to developers Apple launches beta 2 of iOS 10.2.1 and macOS Sierra 10.12.3 Apple seeds fourth beta of iOS 10, watchOS 3, tvOS 10 and macOS Sierra to developers Latest iOS 10.1 and macOS Sierra betas now available to public beta testers Related Topics Apple, iOS, iOS 10, iOS 10.2.1, iOS 10.2.1 beta 1, iPad, iPhone, iPod Touch, Mac, macOS, macOS Sierra, macOS Sierra 10.12.3, macOS Sierra 10.12.3 beta 1, News, Public Beta, Sierra   Search Connect with iDownloadBlog Facebook Become a fan RSS Get the latest news YouTube Watch Us Twitter Stay up to date Newsletter News delivered to you Google+ Add us to your circle   The most recent headlines Apple planning to open first retail store on Samsung’s home turf Apple shares wallpapers created with Mac and iOS devices for Chinese New Year How to add Live Photos to your Instagram stories This is what the iPhone’s interface could have looked like TSSChecker now correctly supports iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus   The latest jailbreak news TSSChecker now correctly supports iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus Yalu + mach_portal now supports TSMC models: still unstable NoTodayView disables the Spotlight widget page on the Home and Lock screens AntennaGIFDL lets you download GIFs from the Antenna Reddit client app CasualAlarm uses random songs from your music library for alarm sounds iDownloadBlog           iDownloadblog.com About About Advertise Contact Keep in Touch Twitter Facebook RSS Feed Newsletter Push Notifications Podcasts Let's Talk iOS Let's Talk Jailbreak Site Stuff Disclosure Privacy Policy   Copyright iDownloadBlog 2017. This website is not affiliated with Apple.
Skip to content Naked Security Computer Security News, Advice and Research sophos.com Free Tools Go Award-winning computer security news Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Feed Alleged upskirter ordered to hand over iPhone passcode by court 15 Dec 2016 5 Cryptography, Law & order Post navigation Previous: Regulators crack down on Skype and WhatsApp over privacy Next: News in brief: Ashley Madison fined; Pirate Bay blocked Down Under; drone delivery in 13 minutes by Lisa Vaas 0Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on LinkedIn Share on Reddit A Florida man suspected of upskirting – crouching on a store’s floor to snap photos under a woman’s skirt – can be compelled to hand over his four-digit iPhone passcode so investigators can check his photos, a court of appeals ruled (PDF) last week. According to court records, the woman was shopping when she saw what she says looked like a cellphone, illuminated and pointing up under her skirt, held out and up by a man crouching on the floor and extending his arm. She confronted him, and the man told her that he’d just dropped his phone. She yelled for help and tried to detain the man, but he took off. Surveillance video showed him getting into a car in the parking lot, as well as the car’s license plate number. Police tracked Aaron Stahl to his home, where they arrested him for the third-degree felony of voyeurism. During an interview with police, he gave verbal consent for them to search his phone. So police got a warrant for the phone, but they weren’t able to access the photos it held. In recent years, there have been many court cases involving the government trying to force Apple to break its own encryption, craft a back door and let investigators get at phone contents. One of the more torturous court battles was the case of the FBI trying to force Apple to create a backdoor to get past its own encryption so the bureau could access messages involved in the San Bernardino shootings. The FBI backed off, dropping the case against Apple after the bureau managed to get past iOS encryption on terrorist Syed Farook’s phone, with the help of a mysterious third party …which led to Apple saying, basically, that it sure didn’t look like the Feds needed any help to get into the locked iPhone belonging to an alleged methamphetamine dealer in New York. In any of these or other cases, the police are at the mercy of Apple’s having tied the encryption key to the passcode: a security feature that wipes a device after 10 failed password attempts. In a previous court decision, a judge had said that Stahl couldn’t be made to reveal his iPhone passcode, citing Fifth Amendment protection against self-incrimination. The thinking: ever since Apple introduced Touch ID, many privacy and legal experts have been saying that biometric information such as fingerprints are like our DNA samples or our voice imprints: they’re simply a part of us. They don’t reveal anything that we know, meaning that they don’t count as testimony against ourselves. Sophos Home Free home computer security software for all the family Learn More Therefore, the prevailing thinking has gone, forcing suspects to press their fingers to get into a phone doesn’t breach their Fifth Amendment rights against forced self-incrimination. Hence, we’ve seen multiple cases of compelled finger-presses to unlock phones. One such involved a Los Angeles woman forced to unlock her alleged gangster boyfriend’s iPhone by fingerprint. In contrast, passcodes have been viewed as “something we know”. As such, forcing people to hand over passwords would constitute forced, unconstitutional self-incrimination. In September 2015, a federal district court in Eastern Pennsylvania confirmed this Fifth Amendment protection for passcodes in an insider trading case between the Securities and Exchange Commission and two ex-employees of credit card company Capital One. Still, Fifth Amendment protection hasn’t been a foolproof shelter for those who refuse to hand over passcodes. In April, a 17-year veteran and former sergeant of the Philadelphia Police Department suspected of – but not formally charged with – possession of child abuse images was found in contempt of an order to decrypt two hard drives. The “John Doe” had already been imprisoned for seven months in Philadelphia’s Federal Detention Center on charges of contempt. At the time, the court ordered that he be locked up indefinitely until he was able to decrypt the drives, saying that he “[carries] the keys to his prison in his own pocket”. In the case of the alleged Florida upskirter, Stahl, a judge had previously said that he couldn’t be compelled to reveal the code because of the Fifth Amendment. Last week, Judge Anthony Black quashed that decision. He referred to a famous Supreme Court case, Doe v US 1988, in which Justice John Paul Stevens wrote that a defendant could be made to surrender a key to a strongbox containing incriminating documents but they could not “be compelled to reveal the combination to his wall safe”. From his decision: We question whether identifying the key which will open the strongbox – such that the key is surrendered – is, in fact, distinct from telling an officer the combination. More importantly, we question the continuing viability of any distinction as technology advances. Digital rights groups beg to differ: Electronic Frontier Foundation senior staff attorney Mark Rumold told the BBC that the court “got it wrong”. This is not the first time this issue has come up in the courts and I think other courts have done a better job of evaluating the Fifth Amendment and the constitutional rights that are at stake. There are multiple cases across the US as courts grapple with the issues around unlocking phones, with rights groups such as the EFF arguing that there are “sound constitutional reasons” to prevent the state compelling information from a defendant’s mind. It’s something the Supreme Court will need to weigh in on eventually. In the meantime, how, exactly, do you get somebody to tell you something they don’t want to tell you? Lock him up indefinitely? …in spite of the fact that suspects in the US are presumed innocent until proved guilty? We’ll let you know how it plays out, either in Florida or Philadelphia. Follow @NakedSecurity Follow @LisaVaas Aaron Stahl Fifth Amendment Florida iPhone upskirt voyeur voyeurism Free tools Sophos Home for Windows and Mac XG Firewall Home Edition Mobile Security for Android Virus Removal Tool Antivirus for Linux Post navigation Previous: Regulators crack down on Skype and WhatsApp over privacy Next: News in brief: Ashley Madison fined; Pirate Bay blocked Down Under; drone delivery in 13 minutes About the author Lisa Vaas I've been writing about technology, careers, science and health since 1995. I rose to the lofty heights of Executive Editor for eWEEK, popped out with the 2008 crash, joined the freelancer economy, and am still writing for my beloved peeps at places like Sophos's Naked Security, CIO Mag, ComputerWorld, PC Mag, IT Expert Voice, Software Quality Connection, Time, and the US and British editions of HP's Input/Output. I respond to cash and spicy sites, so don't be shy. 5 comments on “Alleged upskirter ordered to hand over iPhone passcode by court” Mahhn says: December 15, 2016 at 7:02 pm Not on topic with the legal points, but entertaining enough to share on the topic of a person accused of up skirt photos. Back a few years when I used to work weekends as a bouncer, we had a complaint of a guy taking such photos. We confronted him, he denied it and “he offered his phone as proof”, which we took him up on. It did have said images, which we deleted, and told him he was lucky we didn’t smash the phone. We banned him for life. Knowing security people at other local clubs, we got him banned from those too. On topic; I agree a person should be compelled to unlock (safe/phone) if there is (legal term) Reasonable Suspicion of a crime as deemed by a court. Which is not the same as an open-ended search clause. Much like the FBI requesting Hill dog’s Emails. Which are (or should have been) password protected to access. Reply not a lawyer says: December 15, 2016 at 7:43 pm If there is reasonable suspicion of a crime then unlocking the or providing a code would be self incrimination and the fifth amendment should come into play. Reply Mahhn says: December 15, 2016 at 8:23 pm I agree with your point, pleading the fifth is a right we have (in the states). Yet if one feels it may exonerate them, they may be willing to unlock it if requested in court. Reply Anonymous says: December 19, 2016 at 1:56 pm Holding you in contempt because you are not willing to provide a code needed to unlock evidence against you is like holding you in contempt because you are not willing to confess. If the only way to get to said information is by getting it from the suspected persons mind, he can’t be compelled to tell you without violating the fifth amendment. Reply Mike says: December 16, 2016 at 11:34 am I would refer to the British solution. Unambiguous and effective. Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (Address never made public) Name Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Recommended reads Jul25 by Lisa Vaas 9 Police ask for 3D prints of dead man’s fingers to unlock his phone May02 by Lisa Vaas 8 LA judge forces woman to unlock iPhone with fingerprint Apr28 by Lisa Vaas 40 Suspect who won’t decrypt hard drives jailed indefinitely Sep25 by Lee Munson 8 Smartphone passcodes are protected by the Fifth Amendment, says US court Jan29 by Lisa Vaas 21 Cop who stole nude photos from arrested women’s seized phones escapes jail time Nov03 by Lisa Vaas 5 Police can demand fingerprints but not passcodes to unlock phones, rules judge SOPHOS About Naked Security About Sophos Send us a tip Cookies Privacy Legal Network Protection XG Firewall UTM Secure Wi-Fi Secure Web Gateway Secure Email Gateway Enduser Protection Enduser Protection Bundles Endpoint Antivirus Sophos Cloud Mobile Control SafeGuard Encryption Server Protection Virtualization Security Server Security SharePoint Security Network Storage Antivirus PureMessage Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Feed © 1997 - 2017 Sophos Ltd. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Apple’s AirPods and the best cord-free competition compared Trending in Apple 2017 & Beyond: What’s next for Mac, and what of its longer-term future? Trending in Apple Comment: OWC’s ‘DEC’ attachment highlights the portability progress Apple has made with the MacBook Pro Trending in Apple Opinion: Why the LG 5K UltraFine isn’t the MacBook Pro display I’m looking for Trending in Apple Poll: What rumored iPhone 8 feature excites you the most? Trending in Apple Apple in 2017: What’s next for Mac, iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch & Apple TV this year December 15, 2016 AAPL: 115.82 0.63 Apple Watch Series 2 holiday advertising continues with more ‘Go’ mini promos Zac Hall - Dec. 15th 2016 11:46 am PT @apollozac Apple Watch View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Apple has been ramping up its advertising for Apple Watch on social media going into the holidays, and today that’s continuing with new super short clips showcasing the Series 2 model in action. The premise is the same across each ad: someone unwraps a brand new Apple Watch Series 2 then instantly steps into action. Go Ride and Go Surf are the latest to join the continuing collection, one focusing on cycling with the other on surfing. Previous ‘Go’ ads for the Apple Watch Series 2 have included Go Play, Go Run, Go Dance, and Go Out. Apple Watch Series 2 doubled down on fitness tracking and workout features while keeping the same design as the original model. The new model is swim proof with support for swim tracking, includes a built-in GPS for tracking outdoor workouts with the iPhone, and a brighter display increases outdoor visibility. For more on Apple Watch Series 2, check out our initial review plus our post-review tidbits. Check out the new ad spots below: Guides Apple Watch View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumour Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Contact Us The Bitbag Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumors Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Tablet Apple iPad Pro 2 Release Date in March with 3 Variants? By Gurmeet Singh Pandher Posted on December 16, 2016 Share Tweet Share Share Email Apple last unveiled its iPad Pro 9.7-inch on March 2016 which received a warm welcome in the market. Rumors have since then started of the next-gen iPad Pro 2 model, though Apple certainly hasn?t said anything about it so far. Initially it pegged to debut alongside the iPhone 7 in September. The Apple iPad Pro 2 release date is now targeted for March 2017 if rumors are to be believed. Apple iPad Pro 2 Release Date So far there is no official release date for the upcoming iPad Pro 2. Major tech websites point towards a March launch since the previous 9.7? Pro was released during the same month. In fact, a group of Barclays analysts also said that Apple will launch a trio of new iPad Pro models in March. iPad Pro 2 Three Variants Release Speculations on the next generation of tablets from the Cupertino-based tech giant have been in the forefront since the debut of the iPhone 7. Insiders reveal that Apple will focus on the iPad Pro line while moving away from its iPad Air and iPad Mini product lines. Also Read-?Apple Watch 2016 Discount, Best Deals: Holiday 2016 Offers Your Shouldn?t Miss Multiple reports have stated that the iPad Pro 2 will launch in three display variants. Noted analyst Ming-Chi Kuo predicted three new iPads ranging from a 9.7-inch to a 12.9-inch to be released in 2017. His research report stated that we could expect three models– a 12.9? iPad Pro 2, a new size 10.5? iPad Pro and a low-cost 9.7? iPad. However, Japanese website Mac Otakara, which also has a solid track record for Apple leaks, mentioned that one of Apple?s upcoming iPad models will have a 10.9-inch screen. The screen size of the middle iPad Pro model is hotly debated with reports suggesting a 10.1?, a 10.5? and a 10.9? model. Also Read-?Apple iPhone 8 Rumors: Apple Working With Synaptics For New Virtual Home Button? iPad Pro 2 Ditches Home Screen Button Though the iPhone 7 retained the Home Screen button despite numerous rumors, Mac Otakara confirmed a nearly bezel-free design for the iPad Pro 10.9-inch. The report, citing supply chain sources, said that an iPad Pro 2 model without a Home Screen button is currently under development. The 10.9-inch model will still have the same overall footprint as the current 9.7-inch iPad Pro, reports stated. The removing of the home screen button would help shrink the bezel while maintaining the same size. A top bezel will remain in order to provide space for the front-facing FaceTime camera. However, the iPad Pro 2 model will be marginally thicker at 7.5mm, the same depth as the original iPad Air. The website further added that the 10.9-inch iPad Pro will feature quad microphones as compared to the dual-microphone setup on existing iPad Pro models. The device will also retain a 3.5mm headphone jack. Also Read-?Apple MacBook Pro 2016 Woes Boosts Microsoft Surface Book i7 Sales; Surface Pro 5 Release To Be A Hit! Since Apple likes to keep the same design for all its device lines, Bezel-less and lack of Home Screen button could be possible on all iPad Pro 2 models. Other rumored features include A10X processors, higher RAM configurations, updated Apple Pen functionality, OLED display panels, and much more. Still nothing of this sort is officially confirmed so take these information with a pinch of salt. For more updates on the Apple iPad Pro 2 release date, keep visiting us here at TheBitBag. Related Items:Apple iPad Pro 2, Apple iPad Pro 2 display screen sizes, Apple iPad Pro 2 features and specs, Apple iPad Pro 2 Release Date, Apple iPad Pro 2 variants, Apple iPad Pro 2 versions Share Tweet Share Share Email Recommended for you iPad Pro 2 Release, Specs & Features: Tablet May Come With Keyboard Drawer [Leak] Apple iPad Pro 2 Specs, Release Date: Apple Will Unveil the iPad Pro 2 with iPhone 8 iPad Pro 2 Release Date Coming Soon As Current Tablet Hybrid Gets Discounts About the author Gurmeet Singh Pandher A movie buff and tech enthusiast, Gurmeet loves reading everything from politics and science to sci-fi, fantasy, thriller novels. Post navigation Microsoft Surface Pro 5 Set for Q1 2017 Release; Possibly at MWC 2017 CES 2017: Huawei Mate 9 Is The First Smartphone With Amazon Alexa Featured Gravity Rush 2 Powers: Kat Throwing Water Bubbles Excites Fans League Of Legends Warwick Rework: Singed Turns Champion Into Fantasy Wolverine Every Bit Of News In One Dynamic Site: The Bitbag is your one-stop source of news, reviews, features, how-tos, and most relevant information on today?s hottest and most trending topics in the world of Tech, Social Media, Entertainment, and Lifestyle. So if you have anything you want discussed, or you?ve got a few hot tips to share, get in touch with us at contact@thebitbag.com. LATEST NEWS WWE 2K17 Future Stars Pack DLC: New Moves We Can Expect It’s been said many times: the WWE 2K17 Future Stars Pack is highly anticipated... Gears Of War 4 Update: Quitting Penalties, Bans, And More Coming In ‘Season 2’ Recently, the next Gears of War 4 update was confirmed on its official forums.... Final Fantasy 15 DLC: Episode Prompto Play Area Possibly The Whole Niflheim Map In Final Fantasy 15, each of Noctis’ friends has a DLC that focuses more... Mass Effect Andromeda Combat Mechanics: Everything We Know So Far Bioware’s Mass Effect Andromeda is shaping to be one of the most anticipated titles... Mass Effect Andromeda CES 2017 Gameplay Trailer Worries Fans Mass Effect Andromeda just debuted a new gameplay trailer during the Consumer Electronics Show... POPULAR TAGS Pokemon Go Apple Xbox 360 PS3 Microsoft android Xbox One Sony Nintendo iPhone Pokemon ps4 Ubisoft google Samsung Playstation 3 The Division no man's sky PC iOS Editors Pick EA mobile gaming facebook playstation 4 pokemon sun and moon fallout 4 featured Capcom Marvel Stephen Heller iPhone 7 iPad Game of Thrones games Blizzard NBA 2k17 snskid NBA Trade Rumors PlayStation About Us Privacy Policy Contact Us Meet The Team Copyright ? 2016 - Tune Media. All right reserved. To Top
Startup Launch! Best Industries Funding Incubators Business Plans Naming Home-Based Business The UPS StoreView Grow Strategy Operations Sales Marketing Customer Service Franchises Build Lead Company Culture Productivity Public Speaking Hiring HR/Benefits Women Entrepreneurs Rising Stars T-MobileView Innovate Creativity Invent Design Pivot Technology Cloud Computing Social Media Security Big Data Money Bootstrapping Crowdfunding Venture Capital Borrowing Business Models Personal Finance Inc. 5000 The 2016 US List The 2016 Europe List Apply Inc. 5000 US Apply Inc. 5000 Europe Special Reports Founders 40 Small Business Week The Inc. Life Icons of Entrepreneurship Hot Spots Spread the Wealth Vision 2020 Secrets of the Inspired Traveler Main Street Video Founders Forum Inspiration Chronicles World's Coolest Offices Lift Inc. Live How I Did It Drinks With… Idea Lab Playbook Productivity Playbook Tip Sheet Origin Stories Ask Marcus Lemonis Events Full Schedule Inc. Women's Summit Inc.5000 Conference & Gala Iconic GrowCo Conference NEWSLETTERS MAGAZINE PARTNER CONTENT Inc. BrandView Inc. Branded Content Inc. Franchise Launch! LAUNCH! PODCASTS SUBSCRIBE ADVERTISE INC. RADIO BUSINESS TOOLS Send Press Releases Plan for your business Secure Funding Get Published OTHER EDITIONS Inc. ASEAN SITEMAP PRIVACY AD CHOICE Search Newsletters Follow Subscribe Today's Must Reads Startup Inc. Events & Offers Inc. Partner Events & Offers Forgot Password? Enter your email to reset your password Or sign up using: New member? Sign up now. Sign in if you're already registered. TECHNOLOGY Gab, the Alt-Right's Favorite Social Network, Gets Rejections From Apple, Twitter Popular with users who believe other social networks want to censor their views, the app was denied entry into the Apple App Store and had its access to Twitter's API cut off. By Salvador Rodriguez Salvador Rodriguez is a staff reporter for the San Francisco bureau of Inc. He covers Apple, Google, Facebook, Twitter, tech diversity, virtual reality, and other aspects of technology and entrepreneurship. Previously, Rodriguez was the Silicon Valley correspondent for the International Business Times; before that, he was the lead tech blogger and gadget reviewer for the Los Angeles Times. Rodriguez has interned with The New York Times in Arizona, The Arizona Republic, and the Houston Chronicle. He was born in Mexico and raised in Texas, and he earned his journalism degrees at Arizona State University. One of his special skills is the ability to name all the Super Bowl winners chronologically from memory. @sal19 Staff reporter, Inc.@sal19 1 COMMENTS Gab, a free speech social network that has risen in popularity among white nationalists and white supremacists, was denied access to the services of both Twitter and Apple this week. CREDIT: Courtesy Company Advertisement Gab, a service that has been billed by some as the social network for the alt-right, has had its access to both Twitter and Apple cut off, the company told Inc. on Thursday. Last week, Gab submitted its iPhone app to Apple so it could be included in the App Store, but on Wednesday, the company received a rejection from Apple, which cited pornography on Gab as its reason for the denial. Similarly, Gab on Monday added a new feature that let its users share their posts from Gab directly to Twitter, but on Wednesday night, Twitter cut off Gab's access to its application program interface, rendering the new feature useless. "It seems like they were looking for any excuse to reject us," says Gab CEO Andrew Torba. Gab, which is based Austin, is a social network that is similar to Twitter. The service, which uses a frog logo reminiscent of the alt-right symbol Pepe the frog, lets users share their thoughts in short micro-blogs that are published for the world to see. The company's motto is "#SpeakFreely." But while Gab is just four months old, the social network has been quickly growing and has also become a topic of controversy. That's because, while Twitter has been busy purging users of the so-called alt-right, which include white nationalists and white supremacists, those users have been allowed to continue roaming and speaking without restrictions on Gab. That association has helped fuel the company's growth -- Gab serves 125,000 users with a sign-up waitlist of 400,00 users -- but that may also have cost it access to Twitter and the Apple App Store. Torba argues that other social networks, such as Reddit and Twitter, also feature pornography on their services but have been allowed into the App Store. Apple has asked Gab to block porn by default, Torba said. Twitter, meanwhile, allows Facebook and Instagram users to share their posts onto the service, so he is not sure why Gab has been denied access. "This is targeted, and we believe that we're being singled out," Torba said in a Periscope live stream on Thursday. "This is the nonsense from Silicon Valley. This is the monopoly and level of control that they have." Torba said he plans to add the feature Apple has asked for and re-submit the app, but he still believes Gab has been targeted. The CEO also said that he denies the notions that Gab is merely a place for racists and those of the alt-right. Gab, he said, welcomes everyone. "All are welcome to speak freely here," Torba said. "We're not a conservative-only social network. We're not a social network for a specific group of people. We are welcoming everybody." Neither Twitter nor Apple have responded to requests for comment. Published on: Dec 15, 2016 Advertisement
null
Menu Search Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS More Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS Got a tip? Let us know. News Channels Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Topics All Galleries All Timelines Video Shows Apps News Crunch Report Disrupt London Gadgets Reviews Interviews TC Features All Shows All Videos Events TechCrunch Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store News About Mobile World Congress CES All Events Crunchbase Trending Tesla Google Facebook News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Message Us Search TechCrunch Search TechCrunch Search Search × Hi! You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you. Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot. Thanks, TC Team 10th Annual Crunchies AwardsCelebrate The Best Startups At TechCrunch's Annual Awards Show This February Get Your Tickets Now Augmented Reality What can we learn from Magic Leap’s latest PR trip? ODG unveils its first consumer AR/VR glasses, built on Qualcomm’s Snapdragon 835 chip Gene Munster explains why he’s becoming a VC Browse more... Apple New Years 2017 was the biggest App Store day ever with $240M in purchases Apple joins SoftBank’s Vision Fund with $1 billion investment Fam lets you do group videochats directly within iMessage Browse more... AirPods Crunch Report | Google Spins Out Waymo, A Self-Driving Car Company AirPods are now up for sale on Apple’s site Ears, hands or eyes Browse more... Apple will charge $69 to replace a lost AirPod Posted Dec 15, 2016 by Lucas Matney (@lucas_matney) 0 SHARES Next Story Twitch opens to vloggers with launch of “IRL,” mobile broadcasting to come next year As soon as Apple’s AirPods were announced, it seems people were already imagining how they were going to lose them. Well, in an update on the company’s iPhone Service Pricing page, Apple has detailed that it is going to be charging $69 for a single lost (or broken) AirPod or charging case. Those with battery issues outside of the AirPods’ one-year warranty can be serviced for $49, MacRumors discovered. The wireless headphones which connect seamlessly to various iDevices via Apple’s new W1 chip retail for $159 and are available for pre-order now. Now, $69 seems like a stupid amount of cash for a dinky little wireless earbud, but it’s actually pretty great that Apple is doing this and it sets a nice standard for the broader hearables market moving forward. There have been just a few entrants to the wireless earbud market and none of them, to my knowledge, are offering single earbud replacement. If one of them falls out of your ear, you’re pretty much screwed and left to return to your wired headset in shame or throw down a ton of money on a new pair. With Apple’s option, after losing one ‘Pod you can continue using the other earbud since the AirPods both can connect to your device independently and you can order another one in the meantime. Wireless earbuds are hella early in their life cycle and some of the basic underlying tech is just getting figured out now so this stuff is going to be expensive early, but setting important standards in replaceability is a great precedent for Apple to set even if it does still hurt the wallet a bit. 0 SHARES Advertisement Advertisement Crunchbase Apple Founded 1976 Overview Apple is a multinational corporation that designs, manufactures, and markets mobile communication and media devices, personal computers, portable digital music players, and sells a variety of related software, services, peripherals, networking solutions, and third-party digital content and applications. Apple provides many products and services, including iPhone; iPad; iPod; Mac; Apple TV; a portfolio … Location Cupertino, CA Categories Consumer Electronics, Retail, Hardware, Software, Electronics Website http://www.apple.com Full profile for Apple Newsletter Subscriptions The Daily Crunch Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox TC Weekly Roundup Get a weekly recap of the biggest tech stories Crunchbase Daily The latest startup funding announcements Enter Address Subscribe SEE ALL NEWSLETTERS » Latest Crunch Report Medium in the Hot Seat | Crunch Report Watch More Episodes Apple AirPods Augmented Reality Popular Posts Featured Stories DJI Opens its Wallet for Hasselblad | Crunch Report VIDEO | 2:53 | Crunch Report A whole lot of people watched VR porn in 2016 34 minutes ago | Lucas Matney Intel report on hacking says Russian interference with US election was ‘boldest yet’ 3 hours ago | Kate Conger WikiLeaks mulls building a dox database of verified Twitter users 5 hours ago | Taylor Hatmaker Theranos slashes another 41 percent of its workforce 5 hours ago | Sarah Buhr Latest From TechCrunch A whole lot of people watched VR porn in 2016 34 minutes ago | Lucas Matney This Fisher-Price stationary bike with a tablet attached feels kind of inevitable 57 minutes ago | Brian Heater Homeland Security expands its power to help states with election system cybersecurity 1 hour ago | Taylor Hatmaker Knocki turns any surface into a switch 2 hours ago | John Biggs Comment moderation powered by Up Next Twitch opens to vloggers with launch of “IRL,” mobile broadcasting to come next year Posted Dec 15, 2016 CrunchBoard Job Listings Software Developer for Humanitarian Health Technology at Vecna Cares Charitable Trust (Boston, MA, United States) B2B Marketing Manager, SaaS at Qualer (San Diego, CA, United States) Senior Software Developer at American Physical Society (Ridge, NY, United States) Senior Data Engineer at Peaksware (Boulder, CO, United States) Graphic/Website Designer for Nonprofits at Media Cause (San Francisco, CA, United States) More from CrunchBoard Advertisement TechCrunch News Video Events Crunchbase TechCrunch Store About Staff Contact Us Advertise With Us Event & Editorial Calendar Send Us A Tip International China Europe Japan Follow TechCrunch Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Youtube Pinterest Tumblr Instagram StumbleUpon Feed TechCrunch Apps iOS Android Windows 8 Subscribe to The Daily Crunch Latest headlines delivered to you daily Subscribe to <span class="no-mobile">Subscribe to </span>The Daily Crunch Enter Email Address Subscribe © 2013-2017 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Aol Tech Privacy Policy About Our Ads Anti Harassment Policy Terms of Service Powered by WordPress.com VIP Fonts by News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Galleries All Timelines Videos Apps News Crunch Report Disrupt London All Shows All Videos Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store All Events Crunchbase Message Us Most Popular A view from Andreessen Horowitz on the questions shaping the future of autonomous vehicles 4 hours ago by Frank Chen Google Hangouts API gets hung out to dry 4 hours ago by Josh Constine The BlackBerry Mercury is TCL’s entry into enterprise 2 hours ago by Brian Heater A whole lot of people watched VR porn in 2016 34 minutes ago by Lucas Matney The billion-dollar pharma startup that Silicon Valley has totally missed 7 hours ago by Connie Loizos Knocki turns any surface into a switch 2 hours ago by John Biggs Munro Motor launches retro-style e-moped 5 hours ago by Haje Jan Kamps Hands-on with Nvidia’s new 4K HDR-streaming Shield with Android TV 23 hours ago by Darrell Etherington Nvidia and Mercedes-Benz to bring an AI car to market within a year 3 hours ago by Darrell Etherington The Markforged Metal X prints real metal parts 4 hours ago by John Biggs
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it The Switch Everything you need to know about the iPhone’s first ‘Super Mario’ game The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Hayley Tsukayama December 15, 2016 Follow @htsuka (Screen shots by Hayley Tsukayama) Nintendo is really getting serious about its play for mobile screens, launching its first real smartphone game starring its most iconic character: Mario. The app, called Super Mario Run, hit Apple’s App Store on Thursday. For Nintendo fans everywhere, it’s the end of a long wait that started when the app was announced at Apple’s annual iPhone launch event in September. It’s also a key moment for Nintendo, which has had a hard time dealing with the shift to casual gaming on smartphones and has resisted calls to put its classic characters into apps. Smartphones have introduced more people than ever to games — as the Pokémon Go craze illustrated — but can also shift buyers away from game consoles and handheld devices such as Nintendo’s 3DS. By making a mobile game, Nintendo is saying that it’s finally ready to imagine an audience beyond its own hardware. So far, so good. Super Mario Run is a lot of fun. The designers have managed to make a game that blends nostalgia and the new technology of the touch screen well. The story, such as it is, is exactly the same — Bowser has taken Princess Peach and you have to save her — and you also must rebuild your kingdom. The setting is familiar, and goombas and koopas are still trying to block your way to your goal. Longtime Nintendo fans with memories of gripping their Super Nintendo controllers will see a lot they already love. But this time, they can play with one hand. This is not simply a classic Super Mario game transported to the iPhone. Some things have been streamlined for the touch screen. Super Mario Run is an endless running game, which means you’re almost always running forward. That could frustrate some players who might wonder why they can’t move Mario all the ways they could when he was an 8-bit sprite. You can’t go back and pick up coins you missed. You can’t take little jaunts down the pipes. What you can do is jump. A lot. Tapping the screen will make Mario catch some air — the longer you hold down your finger, the higher he goes before gravity kicks in. He can also vault off cliff edges and walls, which lets you reach higher places in the levels. Once you accept your perpetual forward motion, figuring out how to get where you want to go becomes a fun puzzle. Players will definitely get replay value out of the game, especially since it’s easy to run past things you might want to pick up. Going through a level again will let you go down roads not traveled before. Players also collect different-colored coins throughout the game, and the color and placement of those coins change as you meet your objectives. So even if you play a level again, you should find something new. The coins feed your rebuilding efforts. Coins of different colors let you buy buildings and other swag to decorate and rebuild your kingdom. There’s also a second mode to the app, called Rally, which pits you against another real-world player and helps you win residents for your kingdom. You’re scored on how many normal coins you collect, as well as how much flair you exhibit while you’re racing. Over time, you can restore and repopulate your little patch of the world. The main drawback of Super Mario Run is that, in its free version, it’s very short. The free download gets you only three levels — that doesn’t even get you to the first castle. The full version of the game costs $10. That price would probably feel right on an e-store for the 3DS or the Wii, and there is enough to do in the app to justify that price tag. But people who play games on smartphones have different expectations, and $10 is a lot to swallow when most other games are free or, at a stretch, $2. In some ways, the high app price could be seen as a signal that Nintendo, while definitely coming around on smartphones, still doesn’t get the platform — or, at least, hasn’t fully given in to it. It is obvious that mobile games are going to be just a part of Nintendo’s future, since the firm is on the verge of introducing a new console called the Switch. For most players, though, the high mobile price tag means they’ll get a taste of how fun Mario could be on the smartphone, but stop short of paying to see his full potential. business technology the-switch true Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Hayley Tsukayama covers consumer technology for The Washington Post. Follow @htsuka Show Comments Discussion Policy 0 Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Get 2 months of digital access to The Washington Post for just 99¢. A limited time offer for Apple Pay users. Buy with Cancel anytime $9.99/month after the two month trial period. Sales tax may apply. By subscribing you agree to our Terms of Service, Digital Products Terms of Sale & Privacy Policy. Get 2 months of digital access to The Washington Post for just 99¢. Most Read 1 Mexican Ford plant workers blame Trump for dashed dreams 2 Donald Trump just threatened Toyota — but it looks like he got the facts wrong 3 NOAA challenged the global warming ‘pause.’ Now new research says the agency was right. 4 This is the most beautiful data visualization of all time, according to Reddit 5 Only 1 in 5 Americans supports Republicans’ ‘repeal and delay’ Obamacare strategy Market Watch DJIA -0.21% NASDAQ 0.2% Get quote Last Update: 01/06/2017(DJIA&NASDAQ) Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game Word Wipe Word game business technology the-switch Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple 9 years after the iPhone, Apple still gets no respect Yoni Heisler BGR NewsDecember 15, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share The chorus of skeptics quick to proclaim that Apple’s best days are behind it is seemingly louder than its been in decades. According to this outspoken group of pundits and analysts, Apple’s penchant for innovation has been effectively tapped out. As the narrative goes, Tim Cook is ill-equipped to deliver innovative products and Apple, while still a money-making machine like no other, will inevitably suffer an unforgiving and tumultuous fall from grace. In the process, Apple’s past successes and current market strengths are curiously glossed over while companies with less impactful products and less leverage within the tech industry are routinely afforded a disproportionate amount of praise. Don't Miss: The 5 best new iPhone features in iOS 10.2 The funny thing is, the idea that we’ve reached peak Apple is far from a novel idea. On the contrary, this narrative persisted even while Steve Jobs was still the CEO of Apple. For whatever reason, nothing Apple has ever done has ever afforded the company even the tiniest benefit of the doubt. Touching on this point, one of the most insightful comments ever made about how Apple is often viewed by industry observers and influencers on Wall Street was made by independent analyst Horace Dediu who, back in 2013 when shares of Apple were plummeting, said the following. At this point of time, as at all other points of time in the past, no activity by Apple has been seen as sufficient for its survival. Apple has always been priced as a company that is in a perpetual state of free-fall. It’s a consequence of being dependent on breakthrough products for its survival. No matter how many breakthroughs it makes, the assumption is (and has always been) that there will never be another. This is 100% spot-on. In a bizarre twist of logic, Apple’s success is often used as evidence to justify narrowly formed opinions about how the company simply can’t keep up with companies with less revenue, fewer users, and no similar track record of longstanding innovation to speak of. It’s akin to someone in 2013 erroneously arguing that LeBron James had peaked because he had just won his fourth league MVP and his second NBA championship. “Where else is there to go but down?” Lebron skeptics were fond of asking. Success, for all intents and purposes, should be viewed as a harbinger for continued success. Yet oddly enough, even after the iPod, the iPad and nine iterations of the iPhone, Apple still can’t seem to catch a break from analysts who, like clockwork, are all too eager to wax poetic about the company’s impending fall from grace. Granted, tech companies do deserve to be scrutinized more heavily given how quickly the tech landscape tends to shift. As we’ve seen countless times over the last 15 years, established players can quickly be supplanted by newcomers in a blink of an eye. Citing two quick examples, Myspace was king of the world until Facebook came along while the smartphone market today is ruled by two companies — Apple and Google — who had no meaningful experience in the smartphone industry before 2006. Nonetheless, the cloud of gloom and doom that currently envelops Apple today might have you believe that the company already missed the next big wave of innovation and will never again be able to catch up. It’s why we recently saw analysts at Oppenheimer articulate that Apple will soon “embark on a decade-long malaise.” We believe Apple lacks the courage to lead the next generation of innovation (AI, cloud-based services, messaging); instead [Apple] will become more reliant than ever on the iPhone … We believe Apple is about to embark on a decade-long malaise. The risks to the company have never been greater. The problem with this absurd take on Apple couldn’t be any more glaring. Regardless of how iPhone sales are currently trending, making bold predictions about the state of the tech industry 10 years out is utterly laughable, if not downright insane. Briefly, consider all of the products and services that didn’t even exist 10 years ago: the iPhone, Spotify, Instagram, Snapchat, Netflix originals. The list, of course, could go on and on. And just for good measure, remember when IDC’s 2011 smartphone forecast anticipated that Microsoft’s Windows Phone would own a greater share of the smartphone market than iOS? Yeah, that’s a tech prediction for you. Read More Point being, the tech industry is fast-moving and predictably unpredictable. It’s hard enough to pinpoint how industry tides might shift in just 3-4 years time, let alone in 10 years. All the while, a growing number of analysts and pundits argue that Apple’s future looks decidedly bleak, if only because another iPhone-level device isn’t on the horizon. The iPhone, however, was so revolutionary precisely because it literally was a once-in-a-lifetime type of product. The idea that Apple is doomed because it can’t release two revolutionary products on an arbitrary timetable dreamt up by analysts with seemingly a loose grasp on how innovation works is a strange dynamic that seems to uniquely affect Apple.   This narrative is all the more confounding because the next big thing in tech remains an open-ended question. Some believe AI is the wave of the future. Others believe the next big tech trend will be VR, while others have their eyes set on other areas like AR and self-driving cars. Perhaps one of the aforementioned items will move society forward in the same way the iPhone-led smartphone revolution did years ago. Or, perhaps in 10 years we’ll all be talking about some brand new tech product or service that won’t even be on anyone’s radar for at least another good 5 years. It’s no secret that Apple is rarely, if ever, first to a given market. On the contrary, Apple prefers to sit on the sidelines, bide its time, and carefully observe where the market is headed before jumping in head first. Why, then, do so many people believe that Apple has already missed or is poised to miss the boat on the next wave of innovation? Never mind the fact that Apple has been investing more and more R&D resources across a wider swath of research areas than ever before. It’s no secret that the company has been seriously looking into AI, machine learning, indoor mapping, auto design, automotive software, augmented reality and more. The takeaway here is that Apple isn’t watching the tech industry evolve as a casual observer. If anything, history tells us that Apple is watching the tech industry like a hawk and will decide to swoop in when it feels the time is right. Now this isn’t to say that Apple’s next big foray into a new product area will automatically be a huge hit. As mentioned above, nothing in the tech sphere is predictable. Consequently, positing that Apple’s next big product will usher in a revolution a’la the iPhone would be ludicrous. By that same token, declaratively stating that Apple will be entering a 10-year period of stagnation is equally as absurd. Some skeptics might point to the absence of Steve Jobs as concrete proof that Apple lacks a true visionary. While admittedly a fair point, this argument should be tempered by the fact that Jobs himself was not solely responsible for some of Apple’s greatest innovations. For example, Jobs vehemently opposed Apple rolling out an SDK for the original iPhone. As Walter Isaacson noted in his Steve Jobs biography, many Apple executives and board members lobbied hard for Jobs to change his mind. “Jobs at first quashed the discussion,” Isaacson wrote, “partly because he felt his team did not have the bandwidth to figure out all the complexities that would be involved in policing third-party app developers.” As another example, the click wheel on the iPod, one of the device’s cornerstone features, wasn’t conjured up by Jobs, but actually by Phil Schiller. Per a 2006 profile on the iPod’s development in Wired: “The idea for the scroll wheel was suggested by Apple’s head of marketing, Phil Schiller, who in an early meeting said quite definitively, ‘The wheel is the right user interface for this product.'” In other words, all of Apple’s innovations can’t be traced back to Jobs exclusively. On the contrary, some of Apple’s most impactful products and services resulted from a culture of innovation that Jobs instilled upon his return to Apple in the late 90s. Why pundits believe that this culture has seemingly ceased to exist is perplexing. One would think that Apple’s long track record of innovation would afford the company even the tiniest sliver of a benefit of the doubt. But instead, we’re greeted with predictions that Apple is not only going to stagnate over the next year, but will become increasingly irrelevant over the course of 10! years. So it goes in the world of Apple where up is down and down is up. Trending right now: The Galaxy S8 should beat the iPhone 7 with one brand-new feature Samsung’s Galaxy S8 will likely still dominate the iPhone 8 in one key area NES Classic Edition is coming back to Best Buy See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next 9 tech-friendly gifts for people obsessed with travel Yahoo Tech Get a $100 AT&T Visa® Reward Card DIRECTVSponsored Here’s all the Kmart stores that will have liquidation sales this weekend BGR News Facebook launches live 360-degree video feature Yahoo Tech Modders report successful hack of NES Classic Edition, expand library to 60 games Digital Trends Don't Buy Furniture Until You See This Site WayfairSponsored New leak shows how terrible Apple’s iPhone could have been BGR News The iPhone 8 is going to be bigger than you can even imagine BGR News
Tech Entertainment Business Social Deals Podcast About Behold: The very best of CES 2017 Mobile If I had to ditch my iPhone for Android, these are the only two phones I’d consider Image Source: Zach Epstein, BGR Zach Epstein @zacharye December 15th, 2016 at 12:53 PM Share Tweet To be perfectly honest, I’m a bit surprised by how much I have been enjoying the iPhone 7 Plus since I upgraded back in September. I didn’t buy into the whole “the iPhone 7 is going to be boring” narrative that tech blogs were pushing ahead of Apple’s unveiling, and I repeatedly urged BGR readers to dismiss the chatter as well. But I also wasn’t expecting too much from Apple’s ninth-generation iPhones, which had been and continue to be seen as stepping stones as we wait for Apple’s massive iPhone redesign next year. The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus pack a heck of a lot of punch for stepping stones, though. In fact, they’re the fastest and most powerful smartphones on the planet by a huge margin. The design, the performance, the deep integration with Mac computers, the overall user experience, and the unbeatable third-party app ecosystem have me locked in. But there are a pair of Android phones released this year that just won’t stop calling my name. Don't Miss: iPhone users, this trick is going to change your life For the time being, I’m not sure there’s anything that can drag me away from my iPhone. Believe me, I’ve tried. I have the luxury of using every new flagship phone that is released so there are plenty of Android handsets in our offices for me to test whenever the need arises. But the phone I carry with me every day for work and personal use is an iPhone, as has been the case since the first model ripped me away from my Nokia smartphone in 2007. This year, however, there were two smartphones that have made it more difficult than ever for me to stick with the iPhone. There is absolutely no question that the first of the two phones I’ll cover here is the most underrated smartphone that has been released in the past few years — or perhaps ever: the Moto Z. This is due in part to an exclusive carrier agreement with Verizon in the US, which means the only way for people on other networks to get the phone is to buy it unlocked and pay in full. The unlocked Moto Z is actually on sale right now for $499.99, which is a fantastic price but still a lot to pay up front. In terms of design, the Moto Z is the most intriguing and innovative smartphone the world has seen since 2007, when Apple pushed the industry away from tiny screens and keyboards. If you haven’t yet held one in your hand, you really should. This phone is insanely thin, and yet it still manages to pack in a beautiful display and a solid camera that, for what it’s worth, earned the third-highest ranking ever awarded by DxOMark. It’s the thinnest flagship smartphone in the world, but the fun really begins when you make it thicker. Huh? The highlight of the Moto Z is a brilliant modular design that uses a proprietary port and a series of magnets to connect different accessories to the back of the phone quickly and easily. Lenovo calls them “Moto Mods” — here’s a promo that shows how they work: It’s pretty awesome. Carrying the Moto Z means carrying the thinnest and sleekest smartphone on the planet, but it also means carrying a Hasselblad camera, a 100-inch projector or a nice loud JBL sound system — plus there are several battery Mods that make it next to impossible to run out of juice. In 2017, Lenovo is doubling down on the Moto Mods platform by ramping up the rate at which new first-part mods are released, and by working harder to help third-party companies release new Mods. The Moto Z starts at $624, but Amazon’s current sale drops that price to $499.99. There’s also a thicker version called the Moto Z Force that packs a bigger battery and a shatter-proof display, and it’s $699.95 unlocked right now on Amazon. If you’re a Verizon subscriber, both models are included in the carrier’s current holiday sale, so the Moto Z can be had for as little as $10 per month and the Moto Z Force is $15 per month (or less with a trade-in). The other Android phone I would absolutely consider if I planned to ditch my iPhone is the OnePlus 3T. I reviewed the OnePlus 3 back in June, at which time it was absolutely one of my favorite phones of the year. Then, OnePlus refreshed the phone last month, adding in a more powerful and efficient 2.35GHz Snapdragon 821 processor in place of the 820, a battery that is 13% larger without increasing the size of the phone, a new 128GB option, an upgraded front-camera, and more. The result is a smartphone that is among the most powerful phones in the world, but it starts at just $439. For comparison, the entry-level 32GB iPhone 7 Plus costs $769. The other thing I really like about the new OnePlus 3T is the software. OnePlus uses its own custom version of Android called OxygenOS, but it’s not like most custom Android builds you’ve used. OnePlus was very careful to maintain the look, feel and feature set of pure Android, and then mix in some truly useful features that are there if you want them, but hidden if you do not. Examples include a night mode that darkens the UI, gesture control, customizable navigation button shortcuts, and an ambient display feature. OnePlus’s new OnePlus 3T is on sale now on the company’s website. At $439 for 64GB or $479 for the 128GB version, it’s a fantastic value. Tags: Android, Moto Z, OnePlus 3T View Comments Trending 1 Gaming How to get your hands on an NES Classic Edition right now 2 Mobile Did Apple just broadcast to the world that a Jet White iPhone 7 is on the way? 3 Events Best of CES 2017: The 10 most innovative products at CES this year 4 Mobile 5 things iPhone users never do but really should 5 General Obama’s anger translator is back to say what everyone’s thinking about Trump Picked For You Leaked photo may be our first ever look at Samsung’s Galaxy S8 By Chris Smith January 5th at 9:41 AM Nvidia made a Google Home that’s better than Google Home By Chris Smith January 5th at 1:01 PM Only power users know about these secret iPhone features By Zach Epstein January 5th at 12:11 PM Advertise About Contact Copyright 2017 BGR Media, LLC Powered by WordPress.com VIP | Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Rights | Terms Of Use Post to Cancel
Tech News Downloads Software Store Search for: BetaNews Hot Topics: Windows 10 Microsoft Apple Cloud Tablets Android Security Reviews Follow Us: Twitter Facebook Linked-in RSS IDC was so wrong about Windows Phone By Joe Wilcox Published 4 weeks ago 235 Comments Tweet I laughed so hard and so often at IDC's smartphone forecast, my response took nine days to write -- okay, to even start it. The future isn't my chuckable -- that data looks reasonably believable enough -- but the past. Because 2016 was supposed to be the year that Microsoft's mobile OS rose from the ashes of Symbian to surpass iOS and to challenge Android. In 2011, IDC forecast that Windows Phone global smartphone OS market share would top 20 percent in 2015. The analyst firm reiterated the platform's No. 2 status for 2016 in 2012 as well. Not that I ever believed the ridiculous forecasts, writing: "If Windows Phone is No. 2 by 2015, I'll kiss Steve Ballmer's feet" and "If Windows Phone is No. 2 by 2016, I'll clean Steve Ballmer's toilet". The CEO's later retirement let me lose from those obligations had I been wrong. I was confident in my analysis being truer. Windows Phone is dead -- far worse so than even my most dismal prognostications. IDC puts 2016 global share at 0.4 percent, down (cough, cough) 79.1 percent year over year. Can you say freefall? Android, by comparison, accounts for 85 percent of smartphone operating system share as measured  by shipments; iOS is 14.3 percent. Looking to 2020, IDC predicts: Android: 85.6 percent iOS: 14.2 percent Windows Phone 0.1 percent I suppose Microsoft should take solace in being among the top three, except for tying -- if IDC actually forecasts accurately -- with category Others. Oh what a woeful place to be, eh? The only folks laughing louder than me must be at Alphabet subsidiary Google. Android dominates the mobile market, with absolute certainty. I told you so in October 2009 analysis "Apple cannot win the smartphone wars". Ouch, did I get flamed for that one by the Apple Faithful. Big G's platform was a toddler of about one year and seemingly no match for the so-called Jesus Phone.   Again, assuming IDC gets 2020 right, Apple can expect share to stay flat, rather than decline -- and with the company's fierce push into cloud services, No. 2 and 14-plus percent is a good place to be. The platform wars are still underway, and on multiple fronts: automated assistants; cloud storage and sync; content services; operating systems; search; and social interaction, among others. There, Apple has some success applying the pay-more principle, which makes up from revenue what's lost in volume. For example, I looked at some streaming subscription services last evening offered through both companies' app stores. Amazon has AcornTV for $4.99 a month with 7-day trial. Apple gives you 30-days to try but then charges two bucks more per month; right, $6.99. Would you like to rent "Home Alone" for family viewing? Both companies charge $3.99, but Amazon does so for 48 hours versus 24 hours from Apple. Those are typical times across the streaming catalog. But I digress. Back to smartphone OS share, IDC couldn't have been more wrong about 2016 four years ago. In September 2010, I asked: "Are Gartner and IDC mobile forecasts trustworthy?" My answer is the same six years later: No. While smartphone sales slow in the two largest markets, China and the United States, and across Europe, there remains plenty of headroom among emerging markets. India looms large among them. Sales/shipment share for a category replacing or displacing something else (PCs and dumb phones) is volatile and rapidly changing. Other factors cannot be anticipated, like Samsung's brand-damaging and revenue-ruining Galaxy Note 7 recall. Or Apple's iPhone Upgrade program, which finances devices for manageable monthly fee and lets users trade-up when the next model ships. Android remains highly fragmented, while iOS is not. Chinese manufacturers adopting and adapting Android are expanding into new geographies, particularly emerging markets. The point: The mobile device market, while maturing, is still fast-changing. Don't expect IDC to be any righter in 2020 than it was in 2016 -- just perhaps not as wrong. Photo Credit: Shutterstock/Dmytro Zinkevych 235 Comments Tweet Got News? Contact Us Recent Headlines Could your BYOD system be a threat to your business? Chuwi Hi13 hybrid takes on Microsoft Surface Book LaCie refreshes 'd2' and 'Rugged' external drives with Thunderbolt 3 and USB-C Windows 10 to get a new look with Project NEON in Redstone 3 Five common misconceptions about disaster recovery Image to ZX Spec takes your pictures back in time Insurance company replaces claim workers with AI Most Commented Stories Windows 10 enters 2017 not with a bang, but a whimper 584 Comments WikiLeaks: 2017 will 'blow you away' and, no, Russia did not hack the US election 119 Comments Linux Mint 18.1 'Serena' Xfce Edition Beta operating system available for download 67 Comments Samsung Chromebook Pro and Plus laptops run Android apps and come with digital pen 49 Comments Kingston DataTraveler Ultimate GT 2TB is world's largest capacity USB flash drive 49 Comments © 1998-2017 BetaNews, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy.
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple If I had to ditch my iPhone for Android, these are the only two phones I’d consider Zach Epstein BGR NewsDecember 15, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share To be perfectly honest, I’m a bit surprised by how much I have been enjoying the iPhone 7 Plus since I upgraded back in September. I didn’t buy into the whole “the iPhone 7 is going to be boring” narrative that tech blogs were pushing ahead of Apple’s unveiling, and I repeatedly urged BGR readers to dismiss the chatter as well. But I also wasn’t expecting too much from Apple’s ninth-generation iPhones, which had been and continue to be seen as stepping stones as we wait for Apple’s massive iPhone redesign next year. The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus pack a heck of a lot of punch for stepping stones, though. In fact, they’re the fastest and most powerful smartphones on the planet by a huge margin. The design, the performance, the deep integration with Mac computers, the overall user experience, and the unbeatable third-party app ecosystem have me locked in. But there are a pair of Android phones released this year that just won’t stop calling my name. Don't Miss: iPhone users, this trick is going to change your life For the time being, I’m not sure there’s anything that can drag me away from my iPhone. Believe me, I’ve tried. I have the luxury of using every new flagship phone that is released so there are plenty of Android handsets in our offices for me to test whenever the need arises. But the phone I carry with me every day for work and personal use is an iPhone, as has been the case since the first model ripped me away from my Nokia smartphone in 2007. This year, however, there were two smartphones that have made it more difficult than ever for me to stick with the iPhone. BGR-Moto-Z-Droid-1More There is absolutely no question that the first of the two phones I’ll cover here is the most underrated smartphone that has been released in the past few years — or perhaps ever: the Moto Z. This is due in part to an exclusive carrier agreement with Verizon in the US, which means the only way for people on other networks to get the phone is to buy it unlocked and pay in full. The unlocked Moto Z is actually on sale right now for $499.99, which is a fantastic price but still a lot to pay up front. In terms of design, the Moto Z is the most intriguing and innovative smartphone the world has seen since 2007, when Apple pushed the industry away from tiny screens and keyboards. If you haven’t yet held one in your hand, you really should. This phone is insanely thin, and yet it still manages to pack in a beautiful display and a solid camera that, for what it’s worth, earned the third-highest ranking ever awarded by DxOMark. It’s the thinnest flagship smartphone in the world, but the fun really begins when you make it thicker. Huh? The highlight of the Moto Z is a brilliant modular design that uses a proprietary port and a series of magnets to connect different accessories to the back of the phone quickly and easily. Lenovo calls them “Moto Mods” — here’s a promo that shows how they work: It’s pretty awesome. Carrying the Moto Z means carrying the thinnest and sleekest smartphone on the planet, but it also means carrying a Hasselblad camera, a 100-inch projector or a nice loud JBL sound system — plus there are several battery Mods that make it next to impossible to run out of juice. In 2017, Lenovo is doubling down on the Moto Mods platform by ramping up the rate at which new first-part mods are released, and by working harder to help third-party companies release new Mods. Read More The Moto Z starts at $624, but Amazon’s current sale drops that price to $499.99. There’s also a thicker version called the Moto Z Force that packs a bigger battery and a shatter-proof display, and it’s $699.95 unlocked right now on Amazon. If you’re a Verizon subscriber, both models are included in the carrier’s current holiday sale, so the Moto Z can be had for as little as $10 per month and the Moto Z Force is $15 per month (or less with a trade-in). oneplus-3tMore The other Android phone I would absolutely consider if I planned to ditch my iPhone is the OnePlus 3T. I reviewed the OnePlus 3 back in June, at which time it was absolutely one of my favorite phones of the year. Then, OnePlus refreshed the phone last month, adding in a more powerful and efficient 2.35GHz Snapdragon 821 processor in place of the 820, a battery that is 13% larger without increasing the size of the phone, a new 128GB option, an upgraded front-camera, and more. The result is a smartphone that is among the most powerful phones in the world, but it starts at just $439. For comparison, the entry-level 32GB iPhone 7 Plus costs $769. The other thing I really like about the new OnePlus 3T is the software. OnePlus uses its own custom version of Android called OxygenOS, but it’s not like most custom Android builds you’ve used. OnePlus was very careful to maintain the look, feel and feature set of pure Android, and then mix in some truly useful features that are there if you want them, but hidden if you do not. Examples include a night mode that darkens the UI, gesture control, customizable navigation button shortcuts, and an ambient display feature. OnePlus’s new OnePlus 3T is on sale now on the company’s website. At $439 for 64GB or $479 for the 128GB version, it’s a fantastic value. Trending right now: The Galaxy S8 should beat the iPhone 7 with one brand-new feature Scientists simulate an asteroid impact in the ocean, and it’s not good One of the best Pokemon Go tools just got an update for Generation 2 See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next 9 tech-friendly gifts for people obsessed with travel Yahoo Tech Don't Buy Furniture Until You See This Site WayfairSponsored Here’s all the Kmart stores that will have liquidation sales this weekend BGR News Facebook launches live 360-degree video feature Yahoo Tech Modders report successful hack of NES Classic Edition, expand library to 60 games Digital Trends Townhomes in Amenity-Filled Frederick Community Ryan HomesSponsored New leak shows how terrible Apple’s iPhone could have been BGR News The iPhone 8 is going to be bigger than you can even imagine BGR News Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo Finance
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Apple will replace your busted or lost AirPods for $69 Kif Leswing Dec. 15, 2016, 1:44 PM 2,729 facebook linkedin twitter email print Hollis Johnson/Business Insider In September, when Apple launched AirPods, its new futuristic wireless earbuds, we asked: What happens when you lose one?  Now we know, thanks to a support document published by Apple on Thursday.  The AirPods come with a one-year warranty. But if they're not under warranty, Apple will charge $69 for a replacement if it is broken or lost. That should come as a relief to Apple fans who were worried that their $159 gadget would become useless if one part was lost.  The charging case can be replaced for $49 as well, according to Apple. These repairs can be done at an Apple Store, or Apple will charge $6.95 for shipping.  It's worth pointing out that this replacement fee is nearly $70 — a higher percentage of the the device's original price than replacing, say, an iPhone battery — and over twice the price of Apple's standard, corded 'pods. If you were to buy everything separately, it would cost more than a new pair ($187 vs. $159). But for forgetful people who have already managed to order a pair of Apple's next-generation headphones, it's still a nice gesture from Apple.  Here's the price chart:  Apple NOW WATCH: This machine solves the most time-consuming things about doing laundry Loading video... More: Apple AirPods facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Apple will replace your busted or lost AirPods for $69 Apple will replace your busted or lost AirPods for $69 In September, when Apple launched AirPods... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured 5 innovations in radiology that could impact everything from the Zika virus to dermatology More "Digital Industry Insider" » Keep tabs on the latest from Business Insider in our new Chrome Extension More "BI Innovations" » Get Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Newsletter-controller Sign-Up Learn More » Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Business Insider Select 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Mobile Insights BII Mobile Insights More Featured 10 Things Before the Opening Bell BI Intelligence Daily Business Insider Select Digital Industry Insider Instant MBA Markets Chart Of The Day Business Insider Events Tech Chart Of The Day Tech Select Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Strategy 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Advertising Select Careers Select Retail Select Strategy Select Life Breaking News Education Select Entertainment Select Life Select Tech Digital Media Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Enterprise Select Fintech Briefing IoT Chart of the Day Mobile Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Science Select Finance Finance Insider Markets Select Smart Investor Your Money Select Politics Military Select Politics Select Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Sports Sports Letter to My Younger Self Basketball great Ray Allen: ’Do you want to fit in, or do you want to embark on the lonely pursuit of greatness?' Read Allen's letter to his teenage self » Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT
PhoneDog Android And Me TmoNews NEW Official Smartphone Rankings, Vote NOW! TodaysiPhone.com The source for news, reviews, and articles surrounding Apple. Navigation Home News / Articles App Reviews Accessory Reviews Podcast TiP Us Join the TiP team HOT TOPICS: iPhone 8 TV app AirPods MacBook Pro with Touch Bar iPad Pro You are here: Home > Apple publishes new iPhone 7 Plus ‘Race’ ad that demonstrates Apple Pay in Japan Apple publishes new iPhone 7 Plus ‘Race’ ad that demonstrates Apple Pay in Japan December 15, 2016 Peter Cao Leave a comment Apple has just released a new Japan exclusive iPhone 7 ad titled “Race.” The 30-second ad features the Jet Black iPhone 7 Plus and a very-fast paced run between two men in a busy part of town. The ad ends with an iPhone-equipped man winning the race by using Apple Pay to board a train. Apple Pay just launched in Japan, after being available in the United States and a few other countries two years ago. This is because Apple had to implement the FeliCa mobile payment tech that is used within the country. FeliCa is a technology developed by Sony that allows users to store things like train cards, bus passes, store cards, and credit and debit cards on their mobile devices. The technology is the most widely used mobile payment platform in Japan with over 1.9 million payment terminal supporting it. Last year, FeliCa payment transactions totaled $46 billion in Japan. At this time, only the iPhone 7 (or 7 Plus), and the Apple Watch Series 2 currently have the hardware to support Apple Pay in the country. To use FeliCa, you not only need either an iPhone 7 or an Apple Watch Series 2, but it also needs to be a Japanese model: devices sold in the U.S. and elsewhere are not compatible. Locals will be able to use Apple Pay at any terminal supporting Suica, QUICPay, or iD. Here’s the full clip. Tags: Apple Pay, iPhone 7 Plus, Japan About Peter Cao Peter has a passion for music and technology. He conceits himself by religiously rocking the Apple brand. You can find him on Twitter @iPeterCao. View all posts by Peter Cao → ← AirPods battery replacement free under warranty, $49 outside warranty New patent suggests Apple Pencil will work on iPhone → Select a phone: (optional) + - Any - 3G|4G U301 USB Modem Acer Aspire One Netbook Acer Liquid M220 Airave 2.5 Plus Alcatel 510A Alcatel 768 Alcatel 871A GoPhone Alcatel A392G Alcatel Fling Alcatel One Touch 991 Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel OneTouch Conquest Alcatel OneTouch Elevate Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fierce Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (4.7") Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (5.5") Alcatel OneTouch Pop 7 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon Alcatel OneTouch Pop Mega Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star LTE Alcatel OneTouch Retro ALCATEL OneTouch Sonic LTE Alcatel Pop C9 Alcatel Pop D3 Alcatel Venture Amazon Fire Phone Anna Sui Mobile by Samsung Apple iPad 2 16GB Apple iPad 2 32GB Apple iPad 2 64GB Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad Mini 3 Apple iPad mini 4 Apple iPad mini with Retina Display Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad with Retina Display Apple iPhone 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 8 GB Apple iPhone 3G S 32 GB Apple iPhone 3GS Apple iPhone 4 Apple iPhone 4S Apple iPhone 5 Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6s Plus ASUS MeMO Pad 7 LTE ASUS MeMO Pad FHD 10 LTE ASUS PadFone X mini ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenWatch 2 AT&T Avail 2 AT&T F160 AT&T Impulse 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot Elevate 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot MiFi 2372 AT&T Quickfire AT&T Radiant GoPhone AT&T Unite AT&T Unite Pro AT&T USBConnect 900 AT&T USBConnect Adrenaline AT&T USBConnect Force 4G AT&T USBConnect Mercury AT&T USBConnect Momentum 4G AT&T USBConnect Shockwave AT&T USBConnect Turbo AT&T USBConnect Velocity AT&T Z222 GoPhone AT&T Z331 AT&T Z998 GoPhone Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox PC5740 EVDO PC Card Audiovox VI600 Audiovox XV6600 Betsey Johnson Mobile by Samsung Big Button Flip Alcatel A392G BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7290 BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8820 BlackBerry Bold BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9700 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Bold 9900 BlackBerry Bold 9930 BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Curve 3G BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Curve 8320 BlackBerry Curve 8330 BlackBerry Curve 8350i BlackBerry Curve 8520 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8900 BlackBerry Curve 9310 BlackBerry Curve 9315 BlackBerry Curve 9330 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9370 BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Pearl BlackBerry Pearl 3G BlackBerry Pearl 8110 BlackBerry Pearl 8120 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8230 BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Storm BlackBerry Storm2 BlackBerry Style BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9850 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Tour BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Z30 Blackphone 2 BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Life View BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0C BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio Selfie LTE Boost MAX by ZTE Boost Warp 4G by ZTE Brigadier by Kyocera Casio EXILIM Casio G'zOne Boulder CASIO G'zONE Ravine 2 (Non-Camera) Casio GzOne Brigade Casio GzOne Commando Casio GzOne Ravine Casio GzOne Ravine 2 Casio GzOne Rock CAT B15Q CAT S40 Compaq Mini 110c-1048NR Coolpad Arise Coolpad Flo Coolpad Quattro 4G Dell Inspiron 14z Laptop Dell Inspiron Mini 10 with T-Mobile webConnect Dell Inspiron Mini 1012 Dell Streak 7 Diane Von Furstenberg Mobile by Samsung DROID 2 by Motorola DROID 2 Global by Motorola DROID 3 by Motorola DROID 4 by Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G by Motorola DROID by Motorola DROID CHARGE by Samsung Droid DNA by HTC DROID ERIS by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 by HTC DROID Incredible 4G LTE by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE by HTC DROID Pro by Motorola DROID R2 D2 by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola 16GB DROID RAZR HD by Motorola DROID RAZR M by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola DROID Turbo DROID X by Motorola DROID X2 by Motorola Enact by LG Ericsson c905a Ericsson Equinox Ericsson TM506 Ericsson Vivaz Ericsson W350 Ericsson W518a Ericsson w760a Ericsson Z750a Firefly Fivespot Global Ready Franklin Wireless U680 USB Galaxy Nexus by Samsung Garmin Garminfone Garmin nuvifone G60 Gateway LT2016u Netbook Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 5 Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 9 Google Pixel C HP iPAQ Glisten HP Mini 110 Netbook HP Mini 110-1050NR HP Mini 1151NR Netbook HP Mini 210-1076NR Netbook HP Mini 311-1037NR Netbook HP Veer 4G HTC 8XT HTC Amaze HTC Aria HTC Arrive HTC Desire HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 526 HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 612 HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 626s HTC Desire 816 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire EYE HTC Droid DNA HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 4G HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO Design 4G HTC EVO Shift 4G HTC EVO View 4G HTC First HTC Freestyle HTC FUZE HTC HD 7 HTC HD2 HTC HD7S HTC Hero HTC Imagio HTC Inspire 4G HTC Jetstream HTC Merge HTC Mogul Pocket PC 6800 HTC One HTC One (E8) HTC One (M8) HTC One (M8) For Windows HTC One A9 HTC One M9 HTC One Max HTC One mini HTC One remix HTC One S HTC One SV HTC One V HTC One X HTC One X+ HTC Ozone HTC PPC6800 HTC Pure HTC Radar HTC Rezound HTC Rhyme HTC S621 Excalibur HTC S630 Cavalier HTC Sensation HTC Snap HTC Status HTC Surround HTC Thunderbolt HTC Tilt 2 HTC Titan HTC Titan II HTC Touch HTC Touch Diamond HTC Touch Pro HTC Touch Pro 2 HTC Trophy HTC Vivid HTC Wildfire S Huawei Activa 4G Huawei Ascend HUAWEI Ascend II Huawei Ascend Mate 2 Huawei Ascend Plus Huawei Ascend W1 Huawei Ascend Y Huawei EC168 Huawei Glory Huawei H210C Huawei H215G Huawei H866C Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Inspira Huawei M735 Huawei M835 Huawei Mate S Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei P8 lite Huawei Pal Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Premia 4G Huawei SnapTo Huawei Summit Huawei U8651T Prism Huawei Union Huawei Valiant Huawei Verge Huawei Vitria Huawei Watch Jolla Tablet KIN One KIN Two Kyocera 126C Kyocera 323 Kyocera Brigadier Kyocera Brio Kyocera Coast Kyocera Contact Kyocera DuraCore Kyocera DuraForce Kyocera DuraMax Kyocera DuraPlus Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraXT Kyocera DuraXV Kyocera E1000 Kyocera E1100 Neo Kyocera E2000 Kyocera Echo Kyocera Event Kyocera Hydro Kyocera Hydro Edge Kyocera Hydro Elite Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Vibe Kyocera Hydro Wave Kyocera Hydro XTRM Kyocera K132 Kyocera Kona Kyocera Loft Kyocera Milano Kyocera Presto Kyocera Rise Kyocera SE47 Slider Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torque Kyocera TorqueXT Kyocera Verve LG 221C LG 101 LG 1500 LG 220C LG 231C LG 235C LG 236C LG 320G LG 400G LG 450 LG 500G LG 505C LG 511C LG 600G LG 620G LG 800G LG 900G LG A340 LG A380 LG Access LTE LG Accolade LG Ally LG Arena LG Aspire LG AX155 LG AX300 LG AX310 LG AX565 LG AX8600 LG Banter LG Beacon LG CF360 LG Chocolate 3 LG Chocolate Touch LG Chocolate VX8550 LG Chocolate White LG Clout LG Connect 4G LG Cosmos LG Cosmos 2 LG Cosmos 3 LG Cosmos Touch LG Dare LG Decoy LG dLite LG Doubleplay LG Enact LG Encore LG Enlighten LG enV Touch LG enV VX11000 LG enV VX9900 LG enV2 LG enV3 LG Escape LG Esteem LG Exalt LG eXpo LG Extravert LG Extravert 2 LG Fathom LG G Flex LG G Flex 2 LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad F7.0 LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G Vista 2 LG G2 LG G3 LG G3 Vigor LG G4 LG Glance LG Glimmer LG Google Nexus 4 LG GS170 LG GU295 LG INCITE LG Intuition LG Invision LG L35G SIM4 LG Lancet LG Leon LTE LG Lotus LG Lotus Elite LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 3 LG Lucky LG LX150 LG LX160 LG LX290 LG LX350 LG LX370 LG LX400 LG LX550 LG Mach LG Marquee LG Migo LG Motion 4G LG Muziq LX570 LG Neon LG Neon II LG Nexus 5X LG Nitro HD LG Octane LG Optimus Black LG Optimus Dynamic LG Optimus Dynamic II LG Optimus Elite LG Optimus Exceed LG Optimus Exceed 2 LG Optimus Extreme LG Optimus F3 LG Optimus F3Q LG Optimus F6 LG Optimus F7 LG Optimus Fuel LG Optimus G LG Optimus G Pro LG Optimus L70 LG Optimus L9 LG Optimus L90 LG Optimus Logic LG Optimus M LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus Net LG Optimus One P500 LG Optimus Q LG Optimus S LG Optimus SHOWTIME LG Optimus T LG Optimus Ultimate LG Optimus Zip LG Optimus Zone LG Optimus Zone 2 LG Phoenix LG PM-225 LG Prime LG Quantum LG Realm LG Remarq LG Revere LG Revere 2 LG Revere 3 LG Revolution LG Rhythm LG Rumor LG Rumor 2 LG Rumor Reflex LG Rumor Reflex S LG Rumor Touch LG Scoop LG Sentio LG Shine CU720 LG Shine II LG Spirit 4G LG Sunrise LG Swift LG Thrill LG Transpyre LG Tribute LG Tribute 2 LG Tritan LG Ultimate 2 LG UX145 LG UX260 LG UX280 LG UX300 LG UX380 LG UX565 LG UX830 LG V10 LG Venice LG Versa LG VI-125 LG VI-5225 LG Viper LG VL600 4G USB Modem LG Volt LG Volt 2 LG Vortex LG Vu CU915 LG Vu CU920 LG Vu Plus LG VX3100 LG VX3300 LG VX3400 LG VX3450 LG VX3450L LG VX4400 LG VX4500 LG VX5200 LG VX5400 LG VX5500 LG VX7000 LG VX8000 LG VX8300 LG VX8350 LG VX8360 LG VX8600 LG VX9800 LG Watch Urbane LG Xenon LG Xpression LG Xpression 2 LG100C LG200C LG225 LG300G LG400G LG501C LG620G LG900G Lucid 3 by LG Lucid by LG Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL MiFi 2200 Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot MiFi 500 LTE by Novatel Wireless Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm Moto 360 Sport Motorola 408 Motorola A1200 Ming Motorola A630 Motorola ACTV Motorola Admiral Motorola Adventure V750 Motorola Atrix 2 Motorola Atrix 4G Motorola Atrix HD Motorola Backflip Motorola Bali Motorola Barrage Motorola Bravo Motorola Brute i680 Motorola Brute i686 Motorola Buzz ic502 Motorola C139 Motorola C168i Motorola Charm Motorola Citrus Motorola CLIQ Motorola CLIQ 2 Motorola CLIQ XT Motorola Clutch i465 Motorola Clutch i475 Motorola Debut i856 Motorola Defy Motorola Defy XT Motorola Devour Motorola Droid Bionic Motorola DROID MAXX Motorola DROID Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Mini Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Droid XYBoard 10.1 Motorola Droid XYBoard 8.2 Motorola E815 Motorola EM326g Motorola EM330 Motorola Entice Motorola Evoke Motorola EX124G Motorola EX431G Motorola Flipout Motorola Flipside Motorola Gallo i296 Motorola Hint Motorola Hint QA30 Motorola i1 Motorola i412 Motorola i530b Motorola i530y Motorola i570 Motorola i576 Motorola i605 Motorola i710 Motorola i776 Motorola i830 Motorola i880 Motorola i886 Motorola i890 Motorola Karma QA1 Motorola Krave ZN4 Motorola KRZR K1 Motorola KRZR K1m Motorola L2 Motorola L6 Motorola Luge Motorola Moto E (1st Gen) Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2014) Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Style (Pure Edition) Motorola MOTORAZR maxx Ve Motorola MOTORAZR VE20 Motorola PEBL Motorola PHOTON 4G Motorola Photon Q Motorola Q9 Global Motorola Q9c Motorola Q9m Motorola Rambler Motorola Rapture VU30 Motorola RAZR V3 Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3i/ V3t/ V3r Motorola RAZR V3m Motorola RAZR V3xx Motorola RAZR2 V9m Motorola Renegade V950 Motorola Renew Motorola Rival Motorola RIZR Z3 Motorola RIZR Z6c Motorola ROKR Motorola ROKR E8 Motorola ROKR U9 Motorola ROKR Z6 Motorola SLVR L7c Motorola Stature i9 Motorola T722i Motorola Theory Motorola Titanium Motorola Triumph Motorola Tundra Motorola V120e Motorola V171 Motorola V180 Motorola V190 Motorola V195 Motorola V220 Motorola V235 Motorola V260 Motorola V325 Motorola V360 Motorola V551 Motorola V600 Motorola V60s Motorola V710 Motorola VE465 Motorola VU204 Motorola W315 Motorola W375g Motorola W380 Motorola W385 Motorola W408g Motorola W409G Motorola W418G Motorola W490 Motorola W755 Motorola XOOM Motorola XOOM 4G LTE Motorola XPRT Motorola Z9 Motorola Zine ZN5 myTouch 4G NEC Terrain Netgear 341U USB Modem Netgear Mingle Mobile Hotspot Netgear Zing Nexbit Robin Nexus S 4G Nexus S from Google Nokia 1208 Nokia 1600 Nokia 1616 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1680 Nokia 2320 Nokia 2330 Nokia 2600 Nokia 2605 Mirage Nokia 2610 Nokia 2630 Nokia 2660 Nokia 2680 Nokia 2720 Nokia 2760 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3555 Nokia 3588i Nokia 3660 Nokia 3711 Nokia 5130 Nokia 5230 Nuron Nokia 5310 XpressMusic Nokia 5610 Nokia 6010 Nokia 6015i Nokia 6030 Nokia 6085 Nokia 6101 Nokia 6102i Nokia 6133 Nokia 6165i Nokia 6205 Nokia 6215i Nokia 6236i Nokia 6263 Nokia 6301 Nokia 6315i Nokia 6350 Nokia 6555 Nokia 6650 Nokia 6800 Nokia 7205 Intrigue Nokia 7510 Nokia 7705 Twist Nokia Astound Nokia C3 Nokia E71 Nokia E71x Nokia E73 Mode Nokia Lumia 1020 Nokia Lumia 1520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia Lumia 521 Nokia Lumia 530 Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 635 Nokia Lumia 710 Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 820 Nokia Lumia 822 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 900 Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia Lumia 925 Nokia Lumia 928 Nokia Lumia Icon Nokia Mural Nokia N1 Nokia N73 Nokia N75 Nokia N95 8GB Nokia NGage Nokia Surge Nokia Twist 7705 Nokia VI-3155 Nokia X2 Novatel EX720 ExpressCard Novatel Merlin C777 Novatel Merlin S620 Novatel MiFi 2200 Novatel MiFi 5580 Novatel Ovation U727 Novatel Ovation U760 Novatel PC770 PCmCIA Novatel S720 Novatel U760 Novatel USB1000 Global Modem Novatel V620 EVDO PC Card Novatel V640 PC/Mac USB Broadband Card Novatel V740 PC/Mac Wireless Broadband Card OnePlus 2 OnePlus One OnePlus X Option Quicksilver USB Modem Overdrive 3G 4G Mobile Hotspot Overdrive Pro 3G/4G Hotspot Palm Centro Palm M500 Palm Pixi Palm Pixi Plus Palm Pre Palm Pre 2 Palm Pre Plus Palm Pro Palm Pro Palm Treo 650 Palm Treo 700p Palm Treo 700w Palm Treo 700wx Palm Treo 755p Palm Treo 800w Palm Treo Pro Pantech Breakout Pantech Breeze Pantech Breeze II Pantech Breeze III Pantech Burst Pantech C120 Pantech C300 Pantech C3b Pantech C610 Pantech Caper Pantech Crossover Pantech Crux Pantech Ease Pantech Hotshot Pantech Impact Pantech Jest 2 Pantech Laser Pantech Link Pantech Link II Pantech Marauder Pantech Matrix Pantech Matrix Pro Pantech Perception Pantech PN-820 Pantech Pocket Pantech Pursuit Pantech Pursuit II Pantech Renue Pantech Reveal Pantech Slate Pantech Swift Pantech UML290 4G USB Modem Pantech UML295 LTE USB Modem PCD Chaser Phone Connect 3 Plum Might Z513 Que 4.5 Que 5.0 REEF RIM BlackBerry 6710 RIM BlackBerry 7100t RIM BlackBerry 7105t RIM BlackBerry 7130e RIM BlackBerry 7230 RIM BlackBerry 8700g Rugged CAT S50 S275G Samsung 4G Mobile Hotspot LC11 Samsung A107 Samsung A117 Samsung A127 Samsung A137 Samsung A167 Samsung A187 Samsung A197 Samsung A237 Samsung A580 Samsung A630 Samsung A637 Samsung A650 Samsung A670 Samsung A777 Samsung A870 Samsung A890 Samsung A930 Samsung A950 Samsung A970 Samsung A990 Samsung Access Samsung Ace i325 Samsung Admire Samsung Alias 2 Samsung Array Samsung ATIV Odyssey Samsung ATIV S Neo Samsung ATIV SE Samsung Beat Samsung Behold Samsung Behold II Samsung BlackJack i607 Samsung BlackJack II i617 Samsung Brightside Samsung Captivate Samsung Captivate Glide Samsung Comeback Samsung Conquer 4G Samsung Continuum Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Convoy Samsung Convoy 2 Samsung Convoy 3 Samsung Craft Samsung D415 Samsung D900 Samsung Dart Samsung Delve Samsung DoubleTime Samsung E105 Samsung E315 Samsung E335 Samsung E635 Samsung E715 Samsung Entro Samsung Epic Samsung Epix Samsung Eternity Samsung Eternity II Samsung Evergreen Samsung Exclaim Samsung Exhibit 4G Samsung Exhibit II 4G Samsung Factor Samsung Fascinate Samsung Flight Samsung Flight II Samsung FlipShot SCH-U900 Samsung Focus Samsung Focus 2 Samsung Focus Flash Samsung Focus S Samsung Freeform Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform M Samsung Galaxy Ace Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace Style Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Appeal Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Avant Samsung Galaxy Centura Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Samsung Galaxy Discover Samsung Galaxy Exhibit Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy J1 LTE Samsung Galaxy Light Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Samsung Galaxy Note II Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Precedent Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Reverb Samsung Galaxy Ring Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro Samsung Galaxy Rush Samsung Galaxy S 4 zoom Samsung Galaxy S 4G Samsung Galaxy S Blaze Samsung Galaxy S II Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy S III Mini Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy Stardust Samsung Galaxy Stellar Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II Samsung Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 16GB Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 32GB Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy View Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gleam U700 Samsung Glyde Samsung GO Netbook Samsung Gravity Samsung Gravity 2 Samsung Gravity 3 Samsung Gravity Q Samsung Gravity SMART Samsung Gravity T Samsung Gravity TXT Samsung Gusto Samsung Gusto 2 Samsung Gusto 3 Samsung Haven Samsung Highlight Samsung Highnote Samsung Hue II Samsung Illusion Samsung Impression Samsung Infuse 4G Samsung Instinct Samsung Instinct HD Samsung Instinct S30 Samsung Intensity Samsung Intensity II Samsung Intensity III Samsung Intercept Samsung Intrepid Samsung IP-830 Samsung IP-A790 Samsung Jack Samsung Juke U470 Samsung Katalyst T739 Samsung Knack U310 Samsung M220 Samsung M240 Samsung M300 Samsung M320 Samsung M330 Samsung M360 Samsung M370 Samsung M400 Samsung M500 Samsung M510 Samsung M520 Samsung M610 Samsung Magnet Samsung Matrix Samsung Memoir Samsung MM-A920 Samsung Moment Samsung Muse Samsung MyShot Samsung Mysto Samsung Mythic Samsung Omnia Samsung Omnia II Samsung PM-A740 Samsung Precedent Samsung Propel Samsung Propel Pro Samsung R225m Samsung R335C Samsung R375C Samsung R451C Samsung R455C Samsung R610 Samsung Rant Samsung Reality Samsung Reclaim Samsung Renown Samsung Replenish Samsung Restore Samsung Rogue Samsung Rugby Samsung Rugby 4 Samsung Rugby II Samsung Rugby Smart Samsung S275G Samsung S380C Samsung S390G Samsung S425G Samsung Saga Samsung SCH-i600 Samsung SCH-i730 Samsung SCH-U340 Samsung SCH-U540 Samsung SCH-U620 Samsung SCH-U740 Samsung Seek Samsung SGH-T199 Samsung Smiley Samsung Smooth Samsung Solstice Samsung Solstice II Samsung SP-i600 Samsung Spex r210 Samsung SPH-i700 Samsung Stratosphere Samsung Stripe T329 Samsung Strive Samsung Sunburst Samsung Sway Samsung T109 Samsung T119 Samsung T139 Samsung T159 Samsung T201G Samsung T209 Samsung T219 Samsung T229 Samsung T239 Samsung T249 Samsung t259 Samsung T309 Samsung T319 Samsung T339 Samsung T349 Samsung T369 Samsung T401G Samsung T404G Samsung T439 Samsung T509 Samsung T519 Trace Samsung T528G Samsung T609 Samsung T619 Samsung T629 Samsung T639 Samsung t659 Samsung T719 Samsung T809 Samsung T819 Samsung Trance Samsung Transform Samsung Transform Ultra Samsung Trender Samsung U430 Samsung U450 Samsung U550 Samsung Upstage M620 Samsung VI660 Samsung Vibrant Samsung X427M Samsung X495 Samsung Z400 Samsung Z700 Samsung Zeal Sanyo 7050 Sanyo 8400 Sanyo Incognito Sanyo Innuendo Sanyo Innuendo by Kyocera Sanyo Katana Sanyo Katana DLX Sanyo Katana Eclipse Sanyo Katana Eclipse X Sanyo Katana II Sanyo Katana LX Sanyo M1 Sanyo MM-8300 Sanyo PRO-200 Sanyo PRO-700 Sanyo S1 Sanyo SCP-2400 Sanyo SCP-2700 Sanyo SCP-3100 Sanyo SCP-3200 Sanyo SCP-3810 Sanyo Taho by Kyocera Sanyo Vero by Kyocera Sanyo Zio Saygus V2 Sharp Aquos Crystal Sharp FX Sharp FX PLUS Siemens CF62T Sierra 598 USB Modem Sierra USB Lightning 305 Sierra Wireless 4G LTE Tri-Fi Hotspot Sierra Wireless AC595 PCMCIA Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595U USB PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597 ExpressCard PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AirCard 402 Sierra Wireless Compass 597 USB Modem SKY 4.0 Sky 5.0L Sonim XP STRIKE Sonim XP6 Sony C1904 Xperia M Sony Ericsson Equinox Sony Ericsson GC79 Cellular and WiFi PC Card Sony Ericsson GC89 PCMCIA PC Cell WiFi Card Sony Ericsson J220a Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson T290a Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson TM506 Sony Ericsson W580i Sony Ericsson W810i Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Sony Ericsson Z300 Sony Ericsson Z310a Sony Ericsson Z750a Sony Ericsson Z780 Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia M Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia PLAY 4G Sony Xperia T3 LTE Sony Xperia X10 Sony Xperia Z Sony Xperia Z1S Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Spectrum 2 by LG Spectrum by LG Sprint 3G 4G U600 USB Modem Sprint 3G/4G Plug-in Connect USB Sprint 3G|4G USB 250U Sprint Flash Sprint Force Sprint LivePro Sprint Phone Connect 2 Sprint Plug-in-Connect Trimode Sprint Pocket WiFi Sprint PPC 6700 Sprint Vital Sprint WeGo T-Mobile 4G LTE HotSpot Z915 T-Mobile 4G Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile 665 T-Mobile 768 T-Mobile Comet T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord II T-Mobile Dash T-Mobile Dash 3G T-Mobile G-Slate with Google T-Mobile G1 T-Mobile G2 T-Mobile G2x T-Mobile Jet 2.0 4G Stick T-Mobile MDA T-Mobile myTouch T-Mobile myTouch 3G T-Mobile myTouch 3G Slide T-Mobile myTouch 4G T-Mobile myTouch 4G Slide T-Mobile myTouch by LG T-Mobile myTouch Q T-Mobile myTouch Q by LG T-Mobile Prism T-Mobile Prism II T-Mobile Rocket 3.0 4G Laptop T-Mobile SDA T-Mobile Shadow T-Mobile Sidekick T-Mobile Sidekick 3 T-Mobile Sidekick 4G T-Mobile Sidekick iD T-Mobile Sidekick II T-Mobile Sidekick LX T-Mobile Sidekick Slide T-Mobile Sonic 4G T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Sparq II T-Mobile Tap T-Mobile webConnect Jet USB T-Mobile webConnect USB T-Mobile Wing Turing Phone UNIMAX MAXBravo Unimax MXE-675 UT Starcom PC-5740 UTStarcom Blitz UTStarcom CDM-8945 UTStarcom CDM-8975 UTStarcom Coupe UTStarcom PC5750 PCMCIA PC Broadband Card UTStarcom SMT5800 UTStarcom UM150 USB Modem UTStarcom UM175 USB UTStarcom XV6800 Pocket PC Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice Verizon 4G LTE MiFi 4510L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem UML295 Verizon AD3700 Global USB Verizon Adamant Verizon Blitz Verizon CDM8950 Verizon CDM8975 Verizon Ellipsis 8 Verizon Ellipsis Jetpack MHS800L Verizon Escapade Verizon GzOne Boulder Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 4620L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 5510L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi MHS291L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot 890L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot Verizon Jetpack MiFi 6620L Verizon Razzle Verizon SMT5800 Verizon UM175 USB Data Modem Verizon UMW190 Global USB Verizon USB760 Modem Verizon VX6900 Verizon Wireless Fivespot Global Ready 3G Mobile Hotspot Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect Verizon Wireless Salute Verizon Wireless Turbine 7.0 Verizon Wireless USB551L Virgin Mobile Awe webConnect Rocket HSPA+ Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Xperia ion by Sony YotaPhone 2 ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Aspect ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Axon Pro ZTE Boost Max+ ZTE Compel ZTE Concord II ZTE Force ZTE Fury ZTE Grand S3 ZTE Grand X Max+ ZTE Illustra ZTE Majesty ZTE Maven ZTE Merit ZTE Midnight ZTE Nubia 5S Mini ZTE Optik ZTE Overture 2 ZTE Prestige ZTE Quartz ZTE Rapido LTE ZTE Savvy ZTE Score M ZTE Solar ZTE Speed ZTE Supreme ZTE Unico LTE ZTE Valet ZTE Vital ZTE Warp ZTE Warp Elite ZTE Warp Sequent ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Whirl ZTE Z432 ZTE Z667 ZTE Zephyr ZTE Zinger ZTE ZMAX ZTE ZMAX 2 AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T Mobile Share 10GB AT&T Mobile Share 15GB AT&T Mobile Share 1GB AT&T Mobile Share 20GB AT&T Mobile Share 2GB AT&T Mobile Share 300MB AT&T Mobile Share 40GB AT&T Mobile Share 4GB AT&T Mobile Share 50GB AT&T Mobile Share 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB Boost Mobile BlackBerry Monthly Unlimited Boost Mobile Data Boost Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Plan with Shrinking Payments Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Select Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited with Growing Data CREDO Mobile 10GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 15GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 1GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 2GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 3GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 4GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 6GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 8GB Shared Data Plan FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 500MB GIV Mobile The 20 Plan GIV Mobile The 25 Plan GIV Mobile The 30 Plan GIV Mobile The 40 Plan GIV Mobile The 60 Plan MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Family (2+ Lines) Republic Refund Plan with 0.5 GB Republic Refund Plan with 1 GB Republic Refund Plan with 2 GB Republic Refund Plan with 3 GB Republic Refund Plan with 4 GB Republic Refund Plan with 5 GB Republic Wireless $10 Plan Republic Wireless $25 Plan Republic Wireless $40 Plan Republic Wireless $5 Plan (WiFi Only) Republic Wireless Base Plan ROK Mobile Ultimate Unlimited Scratch Wireless Free Plan Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $1.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $14.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $6.99 Voice Pass Solavei Prepaid Unlimited Sprint $60 Unlimited Plan Sprint All-In Wireless Smartphone + Unlimited Sprint Family Share Pack 10GB Sprint Family Share Pack 12GB Sprint Family Share Pack 16GB Sprint Family Share Pack 1GB Sprint Family Share Pack 20GB Sprint Family Share Pack 2GB Sprint Family Share Pack 32GB Sprint Family Share Pack 40GB Sprint Family Share Pack 4GB Sprint Family Share Pack 60GB Sprint Family Share Pack 8GB Sprint Prepaid $60 Unlimited Talk, Text & Data Sprint Prepaid Unlimited Voice and Texting Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Sprint Unlimited My All-In Sprint Unlimited My Way Sprint Unlimited My Way Family Straight Talk All You Need Straight Talk Unlimited T-Mobile Simple Choice T-Mobile Simple Choice Family (Includes 2+ Lines) T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan T-Mobile Simply Prepaid T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text TextNow Wireless Grande Plan TextNow Wireless Quattro Plan TextNow Wireless Tall Plan TextNow Wireless Venti Plan The Verizon Plan - 100GB The Verizon Plan - 20GB The Verizon Plan - 25GB The Verizon Plan - 30GB The Verizon Plan - 40GB The Verizon Plan - 50GB The Verizon Plan - 60GB The Verizon Plan - 80GB The Verizon Plan - L The Verizon Plan - M The Verizon Plan - S The Verizon Plan - XL The Verizon Plan - XXL Ting L Plan Ting M Plan Ting S Plan Ting XL Plan TracFone 120 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 200 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 450 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan US Mobile 100 Mins Talk US Mobile 1000 Mins Talk US Mobile 2000 Mins Talk US Mobile 250 Mins Talk US Mobile 500 Mins Talk Verizon 100GB More Everything Verizon 10GB More Everything Verizon 14GB More Everything Verizon 15GB More Everything Verizon 16GB More Everything Verizon 20GB More Everything Verizon 2GB More Everything Verizon 30GB More Everything Verizon 40GB More Everything Verizon 4GB More Everything Verizon 500MB More Everything Verizon 50GB More Everything Verizon 60GB More Everything Verizon 80GB More Everything Verizon 8GB More Everything Verizon Prepaid Smartphone Plan Verizon Wireless Smartphone Single Line Plan Virgin Mobile payLo 1500 Talk & Text Virgin Mobile payLo 400 Minutes Virgin Mobile payLo Unlimited Talk & Text Virgin Mobile Unlimited + International + Extra Virgin Mobile Unlimited + More Data Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything + International Number of Lines - Any - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Minutes Unlimited Messages: 500 Data Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below. - Any -05KB50MB30MB100MB150MB200MB250MB300MB400MB500MB600MB700MB800MB900MB1GB1.5GB2GB2.5GB3GB4GB5GB6GB7GB8GB10GB12GB14GB15GB16GB18GB20GB25GB30GB32GB35GB40GB50GB60GB80GB100GB120GBUnlimited - Plans Home Phone Savings Pay Less on Home Phone Service popular topics Review: An AirPods review from an audiophile's perspective4 Survey says the iPhone is the most popular gift on 2016 Christmas holiday wish lists1 Hands-on: First impression with AirPods1 Apple to exclusively use Samsung AMOLED panels for its 5.8-inch iPhone next year1 Foxconn begins automating its production lines, plans to automate entire factories1 KGI: 2017 iPhone will likely have glass front and back, stainless steel on premium models2 Apple Pay adds an additional 17 banks and credit unions in the U.S.1 Due to piracy concerns, Super Mario Run will require an internet connection at all times to play1 Apple publishes first research paper focused on AI and advanced image recognition1 Report: AirPods manufacturing to ramp up to meet strong demand1 PhoneDog Google names Huawei and ZTE phones that are gaining Daydream VR support New Balance Run IQ is a running-focused Android Wear smartwatch Next gen Chromebooks lead to a bright future for ChromeOS AT&T raising price of grandfathered unlimited data plan in March Honor 6X Impressions! Nexus 6 receives Android 7.1.1 update Kodak Ektra and its 21-megapixel camera are coming to North America Android And Me Verizon bumps upgrade fee to $30, no Google announces four more Daydream-ready Google purchases Limes Audio to improve New Balance unveils RunIQ fitness-focused Kodak’s Ektra smartphone coming to Google finally posts Android 7.1.1 factory AT&T is raising grandfathered unlimited TmoNews T-Mobile CEO John Legere makes his predictions T-Mobile CEO John Legere talks Sprint, T-Mobile Un-carrier Next will build T-Mobile previews Q4 2016 results, says T-Mobile HTC 10, LG G Pad X 8.0 begin ZTE Blade V8 Pro now available for pre-order Honor 6X launching this month with metal PhoneDog is one of the largest and most popular interactive mobile news and reviews resource that attracts a community of more than 2.5 million unique visitors each month. The site may have a "cute" name, but it offers up serious editorial content and video reviews that users rely on to make important decisions about their next mobile purchases. PhoneDog Media Family PhoneDog - Cell phone news Android And Me - Google & Android TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog TodaysiPhone - iPhone News & Rumors Company About us In the press Advertising info Jobs & careers Terms of Use Privacy policy Popular iPad iTunes App Reviews Accessory Reviews Research & Shop Buying guide Phone finder Compare plans Phone specials Long distance © 2001-2017 PhoneDog, LLC. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All rights reserved.
PhoneDog Android And Me TmoNews NEW Official Smartphone Rankings, Vote NOW! TodaysiPhone.com The source for news, reviews, and articles surrounding Apple. Navigation Home News / Articles App Reviews Accessory Reviews Podcast TiP Us Join the TiP team HOT TOPICS: iPhone 8 TV app AirPods MacBook Pro with Touch Bar iPad Pro You are here: Home > New patent suggests Apple Pencil will work on iPhone New patent suggests Apple Pencil will work on iPhone December 15, 2016 Peter Cao Leave a comment Several patents spotted by Patently Apple suggests that Apple is testing the Apple Pencil with the iPhone. The patent shows the Apple Pencil being used with apps such as iMovie. Personally, I would like to see Apple expand on the iPad before implementing support on the iPhone. That goes for both of Apple’s ‘pro’ accessories for the iPad Pro. However, the patent above also includes demos being used in iMessage, possibly implementing it with the new handwriting feature found in iOS 10. As always, take the patent with a grain of salt. As a patent from Apple does not always mean it will make it to a product any time soon, if ever. However, this does signal that Apple is looking to implement support for the Apple Pencil in more apps, at the very least. Tags: Apple patent, Apple Pencil, iPhone, Patent About Peter Cao Peter has a passion for music and technology. He conceits himself by religiously rocking the Apple brand. You can find him on Twitter @iPeterCao. View all posts by Peter Cao → ← Apple publishes new iPhone 7 Plus ‘Race’ ad that demonstrates Apple Pay in Japan Super Mario Run finally arrives on Apple’s App Store → Select a phone: (optional) + - Any - 3G|4G U301 USB Modem Acer Aspire One Netbook Acer Liquid M220 Airave 2.5 Plus Alcatel 510A Alcatel 768 Alcatel 871A GoPhone Alcatel A392G Alcatel Fling Alcatel One Touch 991 Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel OneTouch Conquest Alcatel OneTouch Elevate Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fierce Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (4.7") Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (5.5") Alcatel OneTouch Pop 7 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon Alcatel OneTouch Pop Mega Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star LTE Alcatel OneTouch Retro ALCATEL OneTouch Sonic LTE Alcatel Pop C9 Alcatel Pop D3 Alcatel Venture Amazon Fire Phone Anna Sui Mobile by Samsung Apple iPad 2 16GB Apple iPad 2 32GB Apple iPad 2 64GB Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad Mini 3 Apple iPad mini 4 Apple iPad mini with Retina Display Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad with Retina Display Apple iPhone 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 8 GB Apple iPhone 3G S 32 GB Apple iPhone 3GS Apple iPhone 4 Apple iPhone 4S Apple iPhone 5 Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6s Plus ASUS MeMO Pad 7 LTE ASUS MeMO Pad FHD 10 LTE ASUS PadFone X mini ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenWatch 2 AT&T Avail 2 AT&T F160 AT&T Impulse 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot Elevate 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot MiFi 2372 AT&T Quickfire AT&T Radiant GoPhone AT&T Unite AT&T Unite Pro AT&T USBConnect 900 AT&T USBConnect Adrenaline AT&T USBConnect Force 4G AT&T USBConnect Mercury AT&T USBConnect Momentum 4G AT&T USBConnect Shockwave AT&T USBConnect Turbo AT&T USBConnect Velocity AT&T Z222 GoPhone AT&T Z331 AT&T Z998 GoPhone Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox PC5740 EVDO PC Card Audiovox VI600 Audiovox XV6600 Betsey Johnson Mobile by Samsung Big Button Flip Alcatel A392G BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7290 BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8820 BlackBerry Bold BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9700 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Bold 9900 BlackBerry Bold 9930 BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Curve 3G BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Curve 8320 BlackBerry Curve 8330 BlackBerry Curve 8350i BlackBerry Curve 8520 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8900 BlackBerry Curve 9310 BlackBerry Curve 9315 BlackBerry Curve 9330 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9370 BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Pearl BlackBerry Pearl 3G BlackBerry Pearl 8110 BlackBerry Pearl 8120 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8230 BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Storm BlackBerry Storm2 BlackBerry Style BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9850 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Tour BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Z30 Blackphone 2 BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Life View BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0C BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio Selfie LTE Boost MAX by ZTE Boost Warp 4G by ZTE Brigadier by Kyocera Casio EXILIM Casio G'zOne Boulder CASIO G'zONE Ravine 2 (Non-Camera) Casio GzOne Brigade Casio GzOne Commando Casio GzOne Ravine Casio GzOne Ravine 2 Casio GzOne Rock CAT B15Q CAT S40 Compaq Mini 110c-1048NR Coolpad Arise Coolpad Flo Coolpad Quattro 4G Dell Inspiron 14z Laptop Dell Inspiron Mini 10 with T-Mobile webConnect Dell Inspiron Mini 1012 Dell Streak 7 Diane Von Furstenberg Mobile by Samsung DROID 2 by Motorola DROID 2 Global by Motorola DROID 3 by Motorola DROID 4 by Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G by Motorola DROID by Motorola DROID CHARGE by Samsung Droid DNA by HTC DROID ERIS by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 by HTC DROID Incredible 4G LTE by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE by HTC DROID Pro by Motorola DROID R2 D2 by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola 16GB DROID RAZR HD by Motorola DROID RAZR M by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola DROID Turbo DROID X by Motorola DROID X2 by Motorola Enact by LG Ericsson c905a Ericsson Equinox Ericsson TM506 Ericsson Vivaz Ericsson W350 Ericsson W518a Ericsson w760a Ericsson Z750a Firefly Fivespot Global Ready Franklin Wireless U680 USB Galaxy Nexus by Samsung Garmin Garminfone Garmin nuvifone G60 Gateway LT2016u Netbook Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 5 Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 9 Google Pixel C HP iPAQ Glisten HP Mini 110 Netbook HP Mini 110-1050NR HP Mini 1151NR Netbook HP Mini 210-1076NR Netbook HP Mini 311-1037NR Netbook HP Veer 4G HTC 8XT HTC Amaze HTC Aria HTC Arrive HTC Desire HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 526 HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 612 HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 626s HTC Desire 816 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire EYE HTC Droid DNA HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 4G HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO Design 4G HTC EVO Shift 4G HTC EVO View 4G HTC First HTC Freestyle HTC FUZE HTC HD 7 HTC HD2 HTC HD7S HTC Hero HTC Imagio HTC Inspire 4G HTC Jetstream HTC Merge HTC Mogul Pocket PC 6800 HTC One HTC One (E8) HTC One (M8) HTC One (M8) For Windows HTC One A9 HTC One M9 HTC One Max HTC One mini HTC One remix HTC One S HTC One SV HTC One V HTC One X HTC One X+ HTC Ozone HTC PPC6800 HTC Pure HTC Radar HTC Rezound HTC Rhyme HTC S621 Excalibur HTC S630 Cavalier HTC Sensation HTC Snap HTC Status HTC Surround HTC Thunderbolt HTC Tilt 2 HTC Titan HTC Titan II HTC Touch HTC Touch Diamond HTC Touch Pro HTC Touch Pro 2 HTC Trophy HTC Vivid HTC Wildfire S Huawei Activa 4G Huawei Ascend HUAWEI Ascend II Huawei Ascend Mate 2 Huawei Ascend Plus Huawei Ascend W1 Huawei Ascend Y Huawei EC168 Huawei Glory Huawei H210C Huawei H215G Huawei H866C Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Inspira Huawei M735 Huawei M835 Huawei Mate S Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei P8 lite Huawei Pal Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Premia 4G Huawei SnapTo Huawei Summit Huawei U8651T Prism Huawei Union Huawei Valiant Huawei Verge Huawei Vitria Huawei Watch Jolla Tablet KIN One KIN Two Kyocera 126C Kyocera 323 Kyocera Brigadier Kyocera Brio Kyocera Coast Kyocera Contact Kyocera DuraCore Kyocera DuraForce Kyocera DuraMax Kyocera DuraPlus Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraXT Kyocera DuraXV Kyocera E1000 Kyocera E1100 Neo Kyocera E2000 Kyocera Echo Kyocera Event Kyocera Hydro Kyocera Hydro Edge Kyocera Hydro Elite Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Vibe Kyocera Hydro Wave Kyocera Hydro XTRM Kyocera K132 Kyocera Kona Kyocera Loft Kyocera Milano Kyocera Presto Kyocera Rise Kyocera SE47 Slider Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torque Kyocera TorqueXT Kyocera Verve LG 221C LG 101 LG 1500 LG 220C LG 231C LG 235C LG 236C LG 320G LG 400G LG 450 LG 500G LG 505C LG 511C LG 600G LG 620G LG 800G LG 900G LG A340 LG A380 LG Access LTE LG Accolade LG Ally LG Arena LG Aspire LG AX155 LG AX300 LG AX310 LG AX565 LG AX8600 LG Banter LG Beacon LG CF360 LG Chocolate 3 LG Chocolate Touch LG Chocolate VX8550 LG Chocolate White LG Clout LG Connect 4G LG Cosmos LG Cosmos 2 LG Cosmos 3 LG Cosmos Touch LG Dare LG Decoy LG dLite LG Doubleplay LG Enact LG Encore LG Enlighten LG enV Touch LG enV VX11000 LG enV VX9900 LG enV2 LG enV3 LG Escape LG Esteem LG Exalt LG eXpo LG Extravert LG Extravert 2 LG Fathom LG G Flex LG G Flex 2 LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad F7.0 LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G Vista 2 LG G2 LG G3 LG G3 Vigor LG G4 LG Glance LG Glimmer LG Google Nexus 4 LG GS170 LG GU295 LG INCITE LG Intuition LG Invision LG L35G SIM4 LG Lancet LG Leon LTE LG Lotus LG Lotus Elite LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 3 LG Lucky LG LX150 LG LX160 LG LX290 LG LX350 LG LX370 LG LX400 LG LX550 LG Mach LG Marquee LG Migo LG Motion 4G LG Muziq LX570 LG Neon LG Neon II LG Nexus 5X LG Nitro HD LG Octane LG Optimus Black LG Optimus Dynamic LG Optimus Dynamic II LG Optimus Elite LG Optimus Exceed LG Optimus Exceed 2 LG Optimus Extreme LG Optimus F3 LG Optimus F3Q LG Optimus F6 LG Optimus F7 LG Optimus Fuel LG Optimus G LG Optimus G Pro LG Optimus L70 LG Optimus L9 LG Optimus L90 LG Optimus Logic LG Optimus M LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus Net LG Optimus One P500 LG Optimus Q LG Optimus S LG Optimus SHOWTIME LG Optimus T LG Optimus Ultimate LG Optimus Zip LG Optimus Zone LG Optimus Zone 2 LG Phoenix LG PM-225 LG Prime LG Quantum LG Realm LG Remarq LG Revere LG Revere 2 LG Revere 3 LG Revolution LG Rhythm LG Rumor LG Rumor 2 LG Rumor Reflex LG Rumor Reflex S LG Rumor Touch LG Scoop LG Sentio LG Shine CU720 LG Shine II LG Spirit 4G LG Sunrise LG Swift LG Thrill LG Transpyre LG Tribute LG Tribute 2 LG Tritan LG Ultimate 2 LG UX145 LG UX260 LG UX280 LG UX300 LG UX380 LG UX565 LG UX830 LG V10 LG Venice LG Versa LG VI-125 LG VI-5225 LG Viper LG VL600 4G USB Modem LG Volt LG Volt 2 LG Vortex LG Vu CU915 LG Vu CU920 LG Vu Plus LG VX3100 LG VX3300 LG VX3400 LG VX3450 LG VX3450L LG VX4400 LG VX4500 LG VX5200 LG VX5400 LG VX5500 LG VX7000 LG VX8000 LG VX8300 LG VX8350 LG VX8360 LG VX8600 LG VX9800 LG Watch Urbane LG Xenon LG Xpression LG Xpression 2 LG100C LG200C LG225 LG300G LG400G LG501C LG620G LG900G Lucid 3 by LG Lucid by LG Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL MiFi 2200 Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot MiFi 500 LTE by Novatel Wireless Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm Moto 360 Sport Motorola 408 Motorola A1200 Ming Motorola A630 Motorola ACTV Motorola Admiral Motorola Adventure V750 Motorola Atrix 2 Motorola Atrix 4G Motorola Atrix HD Motorola Backflip Motorola Bali Motorola Barrage Motorola Bravo Motorola Brute i680 Motorola Brute i686 Motorola Buzz ic502 Motorola C139 Motorola C168i Motorola Charm Motorola Citrus Motorola CLIQ Motorola CLIQ 2 Motorola CLIQ XT Motorola Clutch i465 Motorola Clutch i475 Motorola Debut i856 Motorola Defy Motorola Defy XT Motorola Devour Motorola Droid Bionic Motorola DROID MAXX Motorola DROID Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Mini Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Droid XYBoard 10.1 Motorola Droid XYBoard 8.2 Motorola E815 Motorola EM326g Motorola EM330 Motorola Entice Motorola Evoke Motorola EX124G Motorola EX431G Motorola Flipout Motorola Flipside Motorola Gallo i296 Motorola Hint Motorola Hint QA30 Motorola i1 Motorola i412 Motorola i530b Motorola i530y Motorola i570 Motorola i576 Motorola i605 Motorola i710 Motorola i776 Motorola i830 Motorola i880 Motorola i886 Motorola i890 Motorola Karma QA1 Motorola Krave ZN4 Motorola KRZR K1 Motorola KRZR K1m Motorola L2 Motorola L6 Motorola Luge Motorola Moto E (1st Gen) Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2014) Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Style (Pure Edition) Motorola MOTORAZR maxx Ve Motorola MOTORAZR VE20 Motorola PEBL Motorola PHOTON 4G Motorola Photon Q Motorola Q9 Global Motorola Q9c Motorola Q9m Motorola Rambler Motorola Rapture VU30 Motorola RAZR V3 Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3i/ V3t/ V3r Motorola RAZR V3m Motorola RAZR V3xx Motorola RAZR2 V9m Motorola Renegade V950 Motorola Renew Motorola Rival Motorola RIZR Z3 Motorola RIZR Z6c Motorola ROKR Motorola ROKR E8 Motorola ROKR U9 Motorola ROKR Z6 Motorola SLVR L7c Motorola Stature i9 Motorola T722i Motorola Theory Motorola Titanium Motorola Triumph Motorola Tundra Motorola V120e Motorola V171 Motorola V180 Motorola V190 Motorola V195 Motorola V220 Motorola V235 Motorola V260 Motorola V325 Motorola V360 Motorola V551 Motorola V600 Motorola V60s Motorola V710 Motorola VE465 Motorola VU204 Motorola W315 Motorola W375g Motorola W380 Motorola W385 Motorola W408g Motorola W409G Motorola W418G Motorola W490 Motorola W755 Motorola XOOM Motorola XOOM 4G LTE Motorola XPRT Motorola Z9 Motorola Zine ZN5 myTouch 4G NEC Terrain Netgear 341U USB Modem Netgear Mingle Mobile Hotspot Netgear Zing Nexbit Robin Nexus S 4G Nexus S from Google Nokia 1208 Nokia 1600 Nokia 1616 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1680 Nokia 2320 Nokia 2330 Nokia 2600 Nokia 2605 Mirage Nokia 2610 Nokia 2630 Nokia 2660 Nokia 2680 Nokia 2720 Nokia 2760 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3555 Nokia 3588i Nokia 3660 Nokia 3711 Nokia 5130 Nokia 5230 Nuron Nokia 5310 XpressMusic Nokia 5610 Nokia 6010 Nokia 6015i Nokia 6030 Nokia 6085 Nokia 6101 Nokia 6102i Nokia 6133 Nokia 6165i Nokia 6205 Nokia 6215i Nokia 6236i Nokia 6263 Nokia 6301 Nokia 6315i Nokia 6350 Nokia 6555 Nokia 6650 Nokia 6800 Nokia 7205 Intrigue Nokia 7510 Nokia 7705 Twist Nokia Astound Nokia C3 Nokia E71 Nokia E71x Nokia E73 Mode Nokia Lumia 1020 Nokia Lumia 1520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia Lumia 521 Nokia Lumia 530 Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 635 Nokia Lumia 710 Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 820 Nokia Lumia 822 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 900 Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia Lumia 925 Nokia Lumia 928 Nokia Lumia Icon Nokia Mural Nokia N1 Nokia N73 Nokia N75 Nokia N95 8GB Nokia NGage Nokia Surge Nokia Twist 7705 Nokia VI-3155 Nokia X2 Novatel EX720 ExpressCard Novatel Merlin C777 Novatel Merlin S620 Novatel MiFi 2200 Novatel MiFi 5580 Novatel Ovation U727 Novatel Ovation U760 Novatel PC770 PCmCIA Novatel S720 Novatel U760 Novatel USB1000 Global Modem Novatel V620 EVDO PC Card Novatel V640 PC/Mac USB Broadband Card Novatel V740 PC/Mac Wireless Broadband Card OnePlus 2 OnePlus One OnePlus X Option Quicksilver USB Modem Overdrive 3G 4G Mobile Hotspot Overdrive Pro 3G/4G Hotspot Palm Centro Palm M500 Palm Pixi Palm Pixi Plus Palm Pre Palm Pre 2 Palm Pre Plus Palm Pro Palm Pro Palm Treo 650 Palm Treo 700p Palm Treo 700w Palm Treo 700wx Palm Treo 755p Palm Treo 800w Palm Treo Pro Pantech Breakout Pantech Breeze Pantech Breeze II Pantech Breeze III Pantech Burst Pantech C120 Pantech C300 Pantech C3b Pantech C610 Pantech Caper Pantech Crossover Pantech Crux Pantech Ease Pantech Hotshot Pantech Impact Pantech Jest 2 Pantech Laser Pantech Link Pantech Link II Pantech Marauder Pantech Matrix Pantech Matrix Pro Pantech Perception Pantech PN-820 Pantech Pocket Pantech Pursuit Pantech Pursuit II Pantech Renue Pantech Reveal Pantech Slate Pantech Swift Pantech UML290 4G USB Modem Pantech UML295 LTE USB Modem PCD Chaser Phone Connect 3 Plum Might Z513 Que 4.5 Que 5.0 REEF RIM BlackBerry 6710 RIM BlackBerry 7100t RIM BlackBerry 7105t RIM BlackBerry 7130e RIM BlackBerry 7230 RIM BlackBerry 8700g Rugged CAT S50 S275G Samsung 4G Mobile Hotspot LC11 Samsung A107 Samsung A117 Samsung A127 Samsung A137 Samsung A167 Samsung A187 Samsung A197 Samsung A237 Samsung A580 Samsung A630 Samsung A637 Samsung A650 Samsung A670 Samsung A777 Samsung A870 Samsung A890 Samsung A930 Samsung A950 Samsung A970 Samsung A990 Samsung Access Samsung Ace i325 Samsung Admire Samsung Alias 2 Samsung Array Samsung ATIV Odyssey Samsung ATIV S Neo Samsung ATIV SE Samsung Beat Samsung Behold Samsung Behold II Samsung BlackJack i607 Samsung BlackJack II i617 Samsung Brightside Samsung Captivate Samsung Captivate Glide Samsung Comeback Samsung Conquer 4G Samsung Continuum Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Convoy Samsung Convoy 2 Samsung Convoy 3 Samsung Craft Samsung D415 Samsung D900 Samsung Dart Samsung Delve Samsung DoubleTime Samsung E105 Samsung E315 Samsung E335 Samsung E635 Samsung E715 Samsung Entro Samsung Epic Samsung Epix Samsung Eternity Samsung Eternity II Samsung Evergreen Samsung Exclaim Samsung Exhibit 4G Samsung Exhibit II 4G Samsung Factor Samsung Fascinate Samsung Flight Samsung Flight II Samsung FlipShot SCH-U900 Samsung Focus Samsung Focus 2 Samsung Focus Flash Samsung Focus S Samsung Freeform Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform M Samsung Galaxy Ace Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace Style Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Appeal Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Avant Samsung Galaxy Centura Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Samsung Galaxy Discover Samsung Galaxy Exhibit Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy J1 LTE Samsung Galaxy Light Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Samsung Galaxy Note II Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Precedent Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Reverb Samsung Galaxy Ring Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro Samsung Galaxy Rush Samsung Galaxy S 4 zoom Samsung Galaxy S 4G Samsung Galaxy S Blaze Samsung Galaxy S II Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy S III Mini Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy Stardust Samsung Galaxy Stellar Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II Samsung Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 16GB Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 32GB Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy View Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gleam U700 Samsung Glyde Samsung GO Netbook Samsung Gravity Samsung Gravity 2 Samsung Gravity 3 Samsung Gravity Q Samsung Gravity SMART Samsung Gravity T Samsung Gravity TXT Samsung Gusto Samsung Gusto 2 Samsung Gusto 3 Samsung Haven Samsung Highlight Samsung Highnote Samsung Hue II Samsung Illusion Samsung Impression Samsung Infuse 4G Samsung Instinct Samsung Instinct HD Samsung Instinct S30 Samsung Intensity Samsung Intensity II Samsung Intensity III Samsung Intercept Samsung Intrepid Samsung IP-830 Samsung IP-A790 Samsung Jack Samsung Juke U470 Samsung Katalyst T739 Samsung Knack U310 Samsung M220 Samsung M240 Samsung M300 Samsung M320 Samsung M330 Samsung M360 Samsung M370 Samsung M400 Samsung M500 Samsung M510 Samsung M520 Samsung M610 Samsung Magnet Samsung Matrix Samsung Memoir Samsung MM-A920 Samsung Moment Samsung Muse Samsung MyShot Samsung Mysto Samsung Mythic Samsung Omnia Samsung Omnia II Samsung PM-A740 Samsung Precedent Samsung Propel Samsung Propel Pro Samsung R225m Samsung R335C Samsung R375C Samsung R451C Samsung R455C Samsung R610 Samsung Rant Samsung Reality Samsung Reclaim Samsung Renown Samsung Replenish Samsung Restore Samsung Rogue Samsung Rugby Samsung Rugby 4 Samsung Rugby II Samsung Rugby Smart Samsung S275G Samsung S380C Samsung S390G Samsung S425G Samsung Saga Samsung SCH-i600 Samsung SCH-i730 Samsung SCH-U340 Samsung SCH-U540 Samsung SCH-U620 Samsung SCH-U740 Samsung Seek Samsung SGH-T199 Samsung Smiley Samsung Smooth Samsung Solstice Samsung Solstice II Samsung SP-i600 Samsung Spex r210 Samsung SPH-i700 Samsung Stratosphere Samsung Stripe T329 Samsung Strive Samsung Sunburst Samsung Sway Samsung T109 Samsung T119 Samsung T139 Samsung T159 Samsung T201G Samsung T209 Samsung T219 Samsung T229 Samsung T239 Samsung T249 Samsung t259 Samsung T309 Samsung T319 Samsung T339 Samsung T349 Samsung T369 Samsung T401G Samsung T404G Samsung T439 Samsung T509 Samsung T519 Trace Samsung T528G Samsung T609 Samsung T619 Samsung T629 Samsung T639 Samsung t659 Samsung T719 Samsung T809 Samsung T819 Samsung Trance Samsung Transform Samsung Transform Ultra Samsung Trender Samsung U430 Samsung U450 Samsung U550 Samsung Upstage M620 Samsung VI660 Samsung Vibrant Samsung X427M Samsung X495 Samsung Z400 Samsung Z700 Samsung Zeal Sanyo 7050 Sanyo 8400 Sanyo Incognito Sanyo Innuendo Sanyo Innuendo by Kyocera Sanyo Katana Sanyo Katana DLX Sanyo Katana Eclipse Sanyo Katana Eclipse X Sanyo Katana II Sanyo Katana LX Sanyo M1 Sanyo MM-8300 Sanyo PRO-200 Sanyo PRO-700 Sanyo S1 Sanyo SCP-2400 Sanyo SCP-2700 Sanyo SCP-3100 Sanyo SCP-3200 Sanyo SCP-3810 Sanyo Taho by Kyocera Sanyo Vero by Kyocera Sanyo Zio Saygus V2 Sharp Aquos Crystal Sharp FX Sharp FX PLUS Siemens CF62T Sierra 598 USB Modem Sierra USB Lightning 305 Sierra Wireless 4G LTE Tri-Fi Hotspot Sierra Wireless AC595 PCMCIA Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595U USB PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597 ExpressCard PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AirCard 402 Sierra Wireless Compass 597 USB Modem SKY 4.0 Sky 5.0L Sonim XP STRIKE Sonim XP6 Sony C1904 Xperia M Sony Ericsson Equinox Sony Ericsson GC79 Cellular and WiFi PC Card Sony Ericsson GC89 PCMCIA PC Cell WiFi Card Sony Ericsson J220a Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson T290a Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson TM506 Sony Ericsson W580i Sony Ericsson W810i Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Sony Ericsson Z300 Sony Ericsson Z310a Sony Ericsson Z750a Sony Ericsson Z780 Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia M Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia PLAY 4G Sony Xperia T3 LTE Sony Xperia X10 Sony Xperia Z Sony Xperia Z1S Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Spectrum 2 by LG Spectrum by LG Sprint 3G 4G U600 USB Modem Sprint 3G/4G Plug-in Connect USB Sprint 3G|4G USB 250U Sprint Flash Sprint Force Sprint LivePro Sprint Phone Connect 2 Sprint Plug-in-Connect Trimode Sprint Pocket WiFi Sprint PPC 6700 Sprint Vital Sprint WeGo T-Mobile 4G LTE HotSpot Z915 T-Mobile 4G Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile 665 T-Mobile 768 T-Mobile Comet T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord II T-Mobile Dash T-Mobile Dash 3G T-Mobile G-Slate with Google T-Mobile G1 T-Mobile G2 T-Mobile G2x T-Mobile Jet 2.0 4G Stick T-Mobile MDA T-Mobile myTouch T-Mobile myTouch 3G T-Mobile myTouch 3G Slide T-Mobile myTouch 4G T-Mobile myTouch 4G Slide T-Mobile myTouch by LG T-Mobile myTouch Q T-Mobile myTouch Q by LG T-Mobile Prism T-Mobile Prism II T-Mobile Rocket 3.0 4G Laptop T-Mobile SDA T-Mobile Shadow T-Mobile Sidekick T-Mobile Sidekick 3 T-Mobile Sidekick 4G T-Mobile Sidekick iD T-Mobile Sidekick II T-Mobile Sidekick LX T-Mobile Sidekick Slide T-Mobile Sonic 4G T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Sparq II T-Mobile Tap T-Mobile webConnect Jet USB T-Mobile webConnect USB T-Mobile Wing Turing Phone UNIMAX MAXBravo Unimax MXE-675 UT Starcom PC-5740 UTStarcom Blitz UTStarcom CDM-8945 UTStarcom CDM-8975 UTStarcom Coupe UTStarcom PC5750 PCMCIA PC Broadband Card UTStarcom SMT5800 UTStarcom UM150 USB Modem UTStarcom UM175 USB UTStarcom XV6800 Pocket PC Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice Verizon 4G LTE MiFi 4510L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem UML295 Verizon AD3700 Global USB Verizon Adamant Verizon Blitz Verizon CDM8950 Verizon CDM8975 Verizon Ellipsis 8 Verizon Ellipsis Jetpack MHS800L Verizon Escapade Verizon GzOne Boulder Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 4620L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 5510L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi MHS291L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot 890L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot Verizon Jetpack MiFi 6620L Verizon Razzle Verizon SMT5800 Verizon UM175 USB Data Modem Verizon UMW190 Global USB Verizon USB760 Modem Verizon VX6900 Verizon Wireless Fivespot Global Ready 3G Mobile Hotspot Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect Verizon Wireless Salute Verizon Wireless Turbine 7.0 Verizon Wireless USB551L Virgin Mobile Awe webConnect Rocket HSPA+ Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Xperia ion by Sony YotaPhone 2 ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Aspect ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Axon Pro ZTE Boost Max+ ZTE Compel ZTE Concord II ZTE Force ZTE Fury ZTE Grand S3 ZTE Grand X Max+ ZTE Illustra ZTE Majesty ZTE Maven ZTE Merit ZTE Midnight ZTE Nubia 5S Mini ZTE Optik ZTE Overture 2 ZTE Prestige ZTE Quartz ZTE Rapido LTE ZTE Savvy ZTE Score M ZTE Solar ZTE Speed ZTE Supreme ZTE Unico LTE ZTE Valet ZTE Vital ZTE Warp ZTE Warp Elite ZTE Warp Sequent ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Whirl ZTE Z432 ZTE Z667 ZTE Zephyr ZTE Zinger ZTE ZMAX ZTE ZMAX 2 AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T Mobile Share 10GB AT&T Mobile Share 15GB AT&T Mobile Share 1GB AT&T Mobile Share 20GB AT&T Mobile Share 2GB AT&T Mobile Share 300MB AT&T Mobile Share 40GB AT&T Mobile Share 4GB AT&T Mobile Share 50GB AT&T Mobile Share 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB Boost Mobile BlackBerry Monthly Unlimited Boost Mobile Data Boost Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Plan with Shrinking Payments Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Select Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited with Growing Data CREDO Mobile 10GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 15GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 1GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 2GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 3GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 4GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 6GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 8GB Shared Data Plan FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 500MB GIV Mobile The 20 Plan GIV Mobile The 25 Plan GIV Mobile The 30 Plan GIV Mobile The 40 Plan GIV Mobile The 60 Plan MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Family (2+ Lines) Republic Refund Plan with 0.5 GB Republic Refund Plan with 1 GB Republic Refund Plan with 2 GB Republic Refund Plan with 3 GB Republic Refund Plan with 4 GB Republic Refund Plan with 5 GB Republic Wireless $10 Plan Republic Wireless $25 Plan Republic Wireless $40 Plan Republic Wireless $5 Plan (WiFi Only) Republic Wireless Base Plan ROK Mobile Ultimate Unlimited Scratch Wireless Free Plan Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $1.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $14.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $6.99 Voice Pass Solavei Prepaid Unlimited Sprint $60 Unlimited Plan Sprint All-In Wireless Smartphone + Unlimited Sprint Family Share Pack 10GB Sprint Family Share Pack 12GB Sprint Family Share Pack 16GB Sprint Family Share Pack 1GB Sprint Family Share Pack 20GB Sprint Family Share Pack 2GB Sprint Family Share Pack 32GB Sprint Family Share Pack 40GB Sprint Family Share Pack 4GB Sprint Family Share Pack 60GB Sprint Family Share Pack 8GB Sprint Prepaid $60 Unlimited Talk, Text & Data Sprint Prepaid Unlimited Voice and Texting Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Sprint Unlimited My All-In Sprint Unlimited My Way Sprint Unlimited My Way Family Straight Talk All You Need Straight Talk Unlimited T-Mobile Simple Choice T-Mobile Simple Choice Family (Includes 2+ Lines) T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan T-Mobile Simply Prepaid T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text TextNow Wireless Grande Plan TextNow Wireless Quattro Plan TextNow Wireless Tall Plan TextNow Wireless Venti Plan The Verizon Plan - 100GB The Verizon Plan - 20GB The Verizon Plan - 25GB The Verizon Plan - 30GB The Verizon Plan - 40GB The Verizon Plan - 50GB The Verizon Plan - 60GB The Verizon Plan - 80GB The Verizon Plan - L The Verizon Plan - M The Verizon Plan - S The Verizon Plan - XL The Verizon Plan - XXL Ting L Plan Ting M Plan Ting S Plan Ting XL Plan TracFone 120 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 200 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 450 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan US Mobile 100 Mins Talk US Mobile 1000 Mins Talk US Mobile 2000 Mins Talk US Mobile 250 Mins Talk US Mobile 500 Mins Talk Verizon 100GB More Everything Verizon 10GB More Everything Verizon 14GB More Everything Verizon 15GB More Everything Verizon 16GB More Everything Verizon 20GB More Everything Verizon 2GB More Everything Verizon 30GB More Everything Verizon 40GB More Everything Verizon 4GB More Everything Verizon 500MB More Everything Verizon 50GB More Everything Verizon 60GB More Everything Verizon 80GB More Everything Verizon 8GB More Everything Verizon Prepaid Smartphone Plan Verizon Wireless Smartphone Single Line Plan Virgin Mobile payLo 1500 Talk & Text Virgin Mobile payLo 400 Minutes Virgin Mobile payLo Unlimited Talk & Text Virgin Mobile Unlimited + International + Extra Virgin Mobile Unlimited + More Data Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything + International Number of Lines - Any - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Minutes Unlimited Messages: 500 Data Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below. - Any -05KB50MB30MB100MB150MB200MB250MB300MB400MB500MB600MB700MB800MB900MB1GB1.5GB2GB2.5GB3GB4GB5GB6GB7GB8GB10GB12GB14GB15GB16GB18GB20GB25GB30GB32GB35GB40GB50GB60GB80GB100GB120GBUnlimited - Plans Home Phone Savings Pay Less on Home Phone Service popular topics Review: An AirPods review from an audiophile's perspective4 Survey says the iPhone is the most popular gift on 2016 Christmas holiday wish lists1 Hands-on: First impression with AirPods1 Apple to exclusively use Samsung AMOLED panels for its 5.8-inch iPhone next year1 Foxconn begins automating its production lines, plans to automate entire factories1 KGI: 2017 iPhone will likely have glass front and back, stainless steel on premium models2 Apple Pay adds an additional 17 banks and credit unions in the U.S.1 Due to piracy concerns, Super Mario Run will require an internet connection at all times to play1 Apple publishes first research paper focused on AI and advanced image recognition1 Report: AirPods manufacturing to ramp up to meet strong demand1 PhoneDog Google names Huawei and ZTE phones that are gaining Daydream VR support New Balance Run IQ is a running-focused Android Wear smartwatch Next gen Chromebooks lead to a bright future for ChromeOS AT&T raising price of grandfathered unlimited data plan in March Honor 6X Impressions! Nexus 6 receives Android 7.1.1 update Kodak Ektra and its 21-megapixel camera are coming to North America Android And Me Verizon bumps upgrade fee to $30, no Google announces four more Daydream-ready Google purchases Limes Audio to improve New Balance unveils RunIQ fitness-focused Kodak’s Ektra smartphone coming to Google finally posts Android 7.1.1 factory AT&T is raising grandfathered unlimited TmoNews T-Mobile CEO John Legere makes his predictions T-Mobile CEO John Legere talks Sprint, T-Mobile Un-carrier Next will build T-Mobile previews Q4 2016 results, says T-Mobile HTC 10, LG G Pad X 8.0 begin ZTE Blade V8 Pro now available for pre-order Honor 6X launching this month with metal PhoneDog is one of the largest and most popular interactive mobile news and reviews resource that attracts a community of more than 2.5 million unique visitors each month. The site may have a "cute" name, but it offers up serious editorial content and video reviews that users rely on to make important decisions about their next mobile purchases. PhoneDog Media Family PhoneDog - Cell phone news Android And Me - Google & Android TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog TodaysiPhone - iPhone News & Rumors Company About us In the press Advertising info Jobs & careers Terms of Use Privacy policy Popular iPad iTunes App Reviews Accessory Reviews Research & Shop Buying guide Phone finder Compare plans Phone specials Long distance © 2001-2017 PhoneDog, LLC. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All rights reserved.
Remember Me Albuquerque Journal SUBSCRIBE NOW For only $12 Sign In Search News Sections Latest News Nation/World Front Page Politics Crime Science Education Living Health Roads & Traffic Photos Video Submit a news tip Archives In your community ABQ Metro Santa Fe Rio Rancho New Mexico Crime Map Community Data Property Crime Offenders City Hall with Dan McKay Inside the beltway with Michael Coleman NM Borderlands with Lauren Villagran NM Higher Ed. with Chris Quintana Sports Sections UNM Lobos NMSU Aggies High School Local Pro Teams Boxing/MMA Golf Other Local Go! Outdoor Sports AP NFL Coverage Speak Up! Email to Speak Up! Grammer School on Lobo basketball Rick is Wright on Lobo football Business Sections Success Careers/Jobs Retail Technology Health Care Energy Business Columns Business Outlook Newsletters Retail Roundup with Jessica Dyer Scammed, Etc. with Ellen Marks Entertainment Sections Movie News Dining Movie Listings Arts TV News Music TV Listings Calendar Fetch! (pet pics) Go! Outdoors Special Sections Living Puzzles Comics Reel NM with Adrian Gomez Video Games with Greg Peretti All In with Rozanna Martinez Brews News with Rozanna Martinez & Jessica Dyer Obituaries Sections Profiles Submit an obituary Opinion Sections Editorials Upfront Syndicated columns Guest columns Letters Caption contest Your opinion Send a letter to the editor Submit Speakup Submit Sports Speakup Calendar Add a calendar event Real Estate Open Houses Classifieds Real Estate Open Houses Garage sales Legals Place an ad Jobs Look for a job Browse by category Employer directory Post a job Cars Build a new vehicle Compare vehicles Research vehicles Auto reviews Subscribe Success! — Manage subscriptions Sign up for our Newsletters 29° Share Everything you need to know about the iPhone’s first ‘Super Mario’ game By Hayley Tsukayama / The Washington Post Thursday, December 15th, 2016 at 1:44pm .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... ..........Nintendo is really getting serious about its play for mobile screens, launching its first real smartphone game starring its most iconic character: Mario. The app, called Super Mario Run, hit Apple’s App Store on Thursday. For Nintendo fans everywhere, it’s the end of a long wait that started when the app was announced at Apple’s annual iPhone launch event in September. It’s also a key moment for Nintendo, which has had a hard time dealing with the shift to casual gaming on smartphones and has resisted calls to put its classic characters into apps. Smartphones have introduced more people than ever to games – as the Pokémon Go craze illustrated – but can also shift buyers away from game consoles and handheld devices such as Nintendo’s 3DS. By making a mobile game, Nintendo is saying that it’s finally ready to imagine an audience beyond its own hardware. So far, so good. Super Mario Run is a lot of fun. The designers have managed to make a game that blends nostalgia and the new technology of the touch screen well. The story, such as it is, is exactly the same – Bowser has taken Princess Peach and you have to save her – and you also must rebuild your kingdom. The setting is familiar, and goombas and koopas are still trying to block your way to your goal. Longtime Nintendo fans with memories of gripping their Super Nintendo controllers will see a lot they already love. But this time, they can play with one hand. This is not simply a classic Super Mario game transported to the iPhone. Some things have been streamlined for the touch screen. Super Mario Run is an endless running game, which means you’re almost always running forward. That could frustrate some players who might wonder why they can’t move Mario all the ways they could when he was an 8-bit sprite. You can’t go back and pick up coins you missed. You can’t take little jaunts down the pipes. What you can do is jump. A lot. Tapping the screen will make Mario catch some air – the longer you hold down your finger, the higher he goes before gravity kicks in. He can also vault off cliff edges and walls, which lets you reach higher places in the levels. Once you accept your perpetual forward motion, figuring out how to get where you want to go becomes a fun puzzle. Players will definitely get replay value out of the game, especially since it’s easy to run past things you might want to pick up. Going through a level again will let you go down roads not traveled before. Players also collect different-colored coins throughout the game, and the color and placement of those coins changes as you meet your objectives. So even if you play a level again, you should find something new. Advertisement Continue reading The coins feed your rebuilding efforts. Coins of different colors let you buy buildings and other swag to decorate and rebuild your kingdom. There’s also a second mode to the app, called Rally, which pits you against another real-world player and helps you win residents for your kingdom. You’re scored on how many normal coins you collect, as well as how much flair you exhibit while you’re racing. Over time, you can restore and repopulate your little patch of the world. The main drawback of Super Mario Run is that, in its free version, it’s very short. The free download gets you only three levels – that doesn’t even get you to the first castle. The full version of the game costs $10. That price would probably feel right on an e-store for the 3DS or the Wii, and there is enough to do in the app to justify that price tag. But people who play games on smartphones have different expectations, and $10 is a lot to swallow when most other games are free or, at a stretch, $2. In some ways, the high app price could be seen as a signal that Nintendo, while definitely coming around on smartphones, still doesn’t get the platform – or, at least, hasn’t fully given in to it. It is obvious that mobile games are going to be just a part of Nintendo’s future, since the firm is on the verge of introducing a new console called the Switch. For most players, though, the high mobile price tag means they’ll get a taste of how fun Mario could be on the smartphone, but stop short of paying to see his full potential. nintendo-post Share Tweet LinkedIn Email Print Subscribe More News Suggested Stories: Nintendo reports loss on shaky Wii U sales – Jul 30, 2014 Nintendo reports $350 million profit, reversal from red ink – May 7, 2015 Nintendo's Iwata who led through successes, woes dies at 55 – Jul 13, 2015 Nintendo providing Mii time with first mobile app – Mar 17, 2016 Advertisement Comments Subscribe to the Journal for only $12. QUICK LINKS Home Search Weather Archives Puzzles Comics CONTACT THE JOURNAL Staff directory Submit a news tip 505-823-3800 Send a letter to the editor Submit an obituary Advertise in the Journal SUBSCRIBER SERVICES Account services Subscribe to the Journal Recover username/password 505-823-4400 Access our archives Place a classified ad Privacy policy RELATED SITES & PARTNERS Journal Rewards Puzzles News in Education Mountain View Telegraph Rio Rancho Observer Valencia News-Bulletin El Defensor Chieftain Kirtland AFB Nucleus Copyright © 2017 Albuquerque Journal | Albuquerque, N.M. TOP |
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror Matt Lewis DC Trawler Send a Tip Tech ‘First Billionaire In Hip Hop’ Dr. Dre Celebrates Beats Headphones Sale To Apple [VIDEO] Giuseppe Macri Tech Editor Giuseppe Macri12:20 PM 05/09/2014      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP 4183535 After news broke late Thursday that Apple is working on a $3.2 billion deal to buy Beats Electronics, the developer behind the popular headphones of the same name, company co-founder and hip hop producer Dr. Dre, appeared in a video online and declared himself “the first billionaire in hip hop.” Actor Tyrese Gibson was apparently celebrating with Dre in the producer’s studio following the reports, and posted the video to his Facebook page. “They need to update the Forbes list,” Gibson said in the video referencing the magazine’s list of the world’s richest people, and described Dre as having joined the “billionaire boys club.” “In a big way — understand that,” Dre followed up. “The first billionaire in hip hop.” Though the expletive-rich video appears to show Dre celebrating the deal, he doesn’t explicitly reference or confirm the news. The post has since been taken down, but initially included the caption: “How did I end up in the studio with Dr Dre ON THE night his deal went public that he did with Apple 3.2 BILLION!!!!! The BEATS HEADPHONES JUST CHANGED HIP HOP!!!!!!” WATCH: The New York Times, Wall Street Journal and Financial Times reported the story Thursday citing sources briefed on the talks. Beats by Dre headphones‘ annual sales revenues have reportedly gone up to $1.5 billion since the company was founded with music executive Jimmy Iovine began selling headphones in 2008. The deal would include the new Beats Music streaming service, which Apple is likely acquiring to compete with streaming services like Pandora and Spotify after the company’s iTunes Radio failed to impress the industry. Apple’s revenue growth has declined sharply in recent years, and the company only entered the broadly popular streaming market last year — late because of former CEO Steve Jobs’ reported unfavorable opinion of music subscription services. The company continues to be the largest seller of music downloads, but is losing market share to companies like Amazon. Purchasing Beats would mark Apple’s largest acquisition ever. The headphones retail between about $169.95 to $449.95, depending on model and features, and despite many music and sound industry experts describing their quality as “extraordinarily bad,” the brand has become enormously popular as a fashion item among a younger consumer base, and the popular alternative to standard earbuds models. Beats’ success is due in large part to its wide profit margins – despite the steep prices of the popular bass-heavy headphone models, each individual unit reportedly only costs around $14 to produce. Private equity firm Carlyle Group invested $500 million in Beats last year, and valued the company at more than $1 billion. Neither Apple nor Beats would comment on the deal in the original reports, and the briefed sources said they were still in the negotiation stage. Though the companies have yet to consummate the agreement, and it could still fall through, if things go as planned the official announcement could be made as early as next week. Follow Giuseppe on Twitter and Facebook. Tags: Apple, Beats, Dr. Dre Hide Comments   Show 1078 comments Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
CNET Reviews Best Products CNET 100 Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Crave Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home CNET Smart Home CNET Smart Apartment Smart Home News Smart Home How To Best Smart Home Devices Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español How to pair AirPods with an Android device Yes, you can use AirPods with something that isn't made by Apple. Headphones by Jason Cipriani December 15, 2016 9:36 AM PST @MrCippy Up Next Putin ordered campaign to influence US election, say intel agencies Enlarge Image Photo by Jason Cipriani/CNET Apple made it easy to pair AirPods across all of its devices in a matter of seconds. But just because AirPods are made by Apple and integrated with Apple products, that doesn't mean you can't use them as Bluetooth earbuds with non-Apple devices. You can pair AirPods to an Android phone, a PC, or your Apple TV with the same Bluetooth pairing method we've grown accustomed to -- and grown to loathe, for that matter. Enlarge Image Photo by Jason Cipriani/CNET Open the Bluetooth settings screen on the device you're going to use your AirPods with. With the AirPods in the charging case, open the lid. On the back of the case is a small button, press and hold it for a few seconds. Once the indicator light between the earbuds begins blinking white, let go. The AirPods will show up in the pairing menu on your device, select them and follow any prompts. Naturally, if you aren't using an Apple product you'll lose out on some features. You won't have the simplicity of switching between devices or a battery indicator. But they'll still do the job. When I briefly connected a pair of AirPods to an S7 Edge, a double-tap on either earbud paused and restarted the music. Repeat this process on each device you want to use the AirPods with. If you run into issues during the pairing process, Apple suggests opening the lid and holding in the button on the back until the indicator light blinks amber. Let go of the button, close the lid, and try again. Share your voice 0 comments Tags Headphones Tablets Bluetooth Headsets Computers Phones Mobile Android Nougat Apple Music CNET Review Apple AirPods Long-delayed and highly ridiculed, Apple's wireless headphones are finally here -- but once you try them, you won't be laughing anymore. $198.60 See it Related Stories Hushme may be the weirdest, yet most useful wireless headphone ever created Believe it: This $13 headphone is an overachiever Here's why expensive headphones might make sense for you Best headphones of 2016 Close   Discuss: How to pair AirPods with an Android device Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: Putin ordered campaign to influence US election, say intel agencies 5 helpful Chromecast tips and tricks Many of Chromecast's best features are hidden just beneath the surface. Here are five of the best Chromecast tips and tricks. by Taylor Martin 2:23 Nvidia's new Shield TV and Dell's Canvas debut The latest from CES 2017 includes Nvidia's new Shield TV and Spot combination, a new Amazon store coming to New York City and Dell's artist-focused Canvas PC features a drafting board and display combo. by Jeff Bakalar Close Drag CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
Trending: Tech Forecast 2017: IT sharpens its focus Tech luminaries we lost in 2016 Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. Busted! 5 myths of digital transformation IT Resume Makeover: Focus on results that matter All about PowerShell providers and modules Review: Early Wave 2 Wi-Fi access points show promise More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Home Tech Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Artificial Intelligence Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) CRM Collaboration Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Mobile & Wireless Apple iOS Apple Holic By Jonny Evans |Follow About | Appleholic, (noun), æp·əl-hɑl·ɪk: An imaginative person who thinks about what Apple is doing, why and where it is going. Delivering popular Apple-related news, advice and entertainment since 1999. Opinion Apple just made a compelling case for HomeKit in iOS 10.2 "Hey Siri, let me know if my home floods" Computerworld | Dec 15, 2016 9:22 AM PT Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Credit: Elgato More like this iOS 10 HomeKit keeps homes safe and smart DDoS attack: Apple’s HomeKit for a safer smarthome Elgato's Eve Energy opens up the HomeKit home Video Mingis on Tech: The iPhone 7, Apple Watch 2 -- and the gadget guy! While it is fair to say it took a little longer than expected to get off the ground, Apple’s Home Kit ecosystem has become more interesting in recent months. This week’s iOS 10.2 update makes a compelling argument for Apple's smart home. Sensor sensitivity This is because iOS now supports a variety of new devices, including window coverings, occupancy, motion, door and window detectors, smoke, carbon monoxide, and water leak sensors. These are the kind of useful connected smarthome devices people will want to use in order to secure their homes, as they answer problems that do exist. You see, while things like connected thermostats or kitchen gadgets are nice to have, they aren’t quite essential. In contrast, affordable devices that let you secure your windows, protect against flooding or create ad hoc motion sensing alarms around the home appear to have much more potential. You could argue these make it possible for Apple users to secure their homes at relatively low cost – and it’s the most compelling reason yet to explore these solutions. Apple has spent a long time resolving some of the big challenges of smart home automation (not least security and interoperability) and has also had to motivate manufacturers to sign up to its scheme. Interest has grown to such a point that third party developers and ecosystem providers are now moving to introduce tools to enable HomeKit device development. For example, Silicon Labs earlier this month introduced a Bluetooth software solution that enables developers to efficiently create Apple HomeKit-enabled accessories. Dialog Semiconductor provides a similar set of tools for power, Bluetooth, and lighting implementations and shipped its solution in November. In October Apple said it expected there to be around 100 HomeKit-enabled devices available by the end of this year. A little more about HomeKit in iOS 102 When you install iOS 10.2 you may be aware of changed behavior. That’s because you will begin to receive notifications from some HomeKit devices designed to alert you to events. (It’s clear this is primarily aimed at supporting the new sensor families). You can control the frequency and appearance of notifications from your HomeKit devices when you open the Home app, select the device and long (or firm on 3D Touch devices) press them in order to access the Details button. In Details you must go down the page to “Status and Notifications”. Now you can choose the frequency with which notifications are sent, you may want your smoke detector to send you an alert whenever it detects a problem, for example, or your curtains to tell you when they are opened (or closed). HomeKit devices can also now let you know when they need to be updated. New wave HomeKit items ship The first devices equipped with these newly supported sensors are reaching market, with Elgato and new firm, FIBARO both introducing products for this. The first to appear was Elgato’s Eve Motion ($50), part of that company’s rapidly growing family of connected home devices. This device will activate and deactivate power outlets, lights, or any other connected systems when it detects a user’s presence or absence. In other Eve Motion will activate and deactivate power outlets, lights, or any other connected systems when it detects a user’s presence or absence.  FIBARO today introduced a trio of HomeKit-enabled devices, including a flood ($69), motion ($69) and window sensor ($59). The flood sensor  measures temperature while the motion sensor looks like a big blue dystopian eye and senses movement, temperature and light intensity – and warns you if someone tries to tamper with it. What next? I think these new sensor-supporting devices are a good step forward for HomeKit. You see, while the early hype around the sector created a bunch of expectations, the first iterations of connected devices didn’t truly answer any compelling questions. This changes as sensor-based tech hits smart homes. In future things like fall prevention and detection and home healthcare solutions, as well as alarm and home security devices, will be the most likely implementations to truly realize the hype. The global smart home healthcare market is expected to grow with a CAGR of 38% during 2016 – 2022. In a sign of what’s to come it is interesting to note that the first actual physical homes with HomeKit support built in from the start were recently made available in San Jose, California. Google+? If you use social media and happen to be a Google+ user, why not join AppleHolic's Kool Aid Corner community and join the conversation as we pursue the spirit of the New Model Apple? Got a story? Drop me a line via Twitter or in comments below and let me know. I'd like it if you chose to follow me on Twitter so I can let you know when fresh items are published here first on Computerworld. To express your thoughts on Computerworld content, visit Computerworld's Facebook page, LinkedIn page and Twitter stream. Related: Apple iOS Home Tech Mobile & Wireless Apple iOS 9 Jonny is a freelance writer who has been writing (mainly about Apple and technology) since 1999. Microsoft Word vs Google Docs: Which works better for business? You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon Notice to our Readers We're now using social media to take your comments and feedback. Learn more about this here. What Readers Like Cortana: The spy in Windows 10 Cortana, Windows 10’s built-in virtual assistant, is both really cool and really creepy. Project Fi has a powerful bonus feature hidden in plain sight Chart and image gallery: 30+ free tools for data visualization and analysis Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our daily newsletter Go Why you should start using Google Keep right away Services like Keep, Evernote and Microsoft OneNote are often called "note-taking apps." But they've... Say goodbye to the MS-DOS command prompt It had a good 36-year run, but its day is done. BrandPostsLearn more Sponsored by Sennheiser Audio Conferencing Finally Catches the Digital Transformation Wave Sponsored by VMware AirWatch A More Flexible Approach to App Containerization Popular Resources White Paper 5 Ways Your Vendor Risk Management Program Leaves You In The Dark White Paper A Conversation: Make Your Network Work Smarter, Not Harder White Paper Add Firm Ground to the Cloud White Paper A Guide to Implementing and Understanding 802.11ac White Paper Are Energy and Utilities at Risk of a Major Breach? Go Top Stories Microsoft’s OS supremacy over Apple to end in 2017 Apple will jump ahead of Microsoft this year as shipments of devices powered by its operating systems... Uber economy could kill off taxis and help fight global warming Using a new computer algorithm, MIT researchers showed that self-driving vehicles being tested by... Security pros are their own worst enemy Just when the world seems ready to listen to us, we give it a display of epic bickering. All about PowerShell providers and modules PowerShell providers are drivers for PowerShell to navigate things besides the file system. For their... Sponsored Links Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
Tech CES 2017 Apple Science Cars Celebrity Movies Business Super Bowl Ads     Apple Has Updated Its Battery Service Policy To Include Airpods Posted: Dec 15 2016, 9:40am CST | by Ahmed Humayun, Updated: Dec 15 2016, 9:44am CST, in News | Apple     Apple has finally been able to release its AirPods. They were initially announced at the iPhone 7 launch ceremony but unfortunately have taken much time to appear in the market. Only a few people happen to have them in their ears and already the discussion has begun on how much it will cost to get batteries in them if they are to be replaced. Don't Miss: The Best CES 2017 Gadgets As it is common with all devices that require batteries they eventually happen to run out and need to be replaced. This is most likely to happen with the Apple AirPods too. Replacing batteries generally is an expensive process. That makes us guess as to what will be the case for the Apple AirPods. As many of you have spotted by now Apple has updated the iPhone portion of its website. This area now reflects the battery replacement process for the AirPods. It would have made more sense if the Airpod section had been updated. Anyhow the company is applying the same battery replacement criteria it has for iPhones on AirPods too. iPhones can get a free battery replacement if they fall in the warranty time period and now AirPods will fall in the same AppleCare policy too. The AppleCare virtues have been discussed a lot earlier. If you are still confused regarding the warranty or devices falling outside the warranty period then you should make it a point to check out AppleCare. If you own both AppleCare and AirPods make sure you have registered everything as required with Apple so that there is no problem with coverage. In the support section of Apple it is clearly stated that devices which require any sort of repair of replacement without warranty and do not have AppleCare too will be charged $49. It is obvious that AppleCare cannot be brought against AirPods which means current owners of the iPhone will have to attach their new AirPods with existing AppleCare plans. This will be done in a similar way as owners of AirPort routers and Mac owners were able to before their recent removal from Apple’s lineup. The AirPods are a phenomenal addition in the earphone industry. Fans have been waiting for their release for a very long time. However the battery replacement issue is causing some users to think twice. Lets see how Apple tackles this issue for its latest accessory. Don't Miss the CES 2017 Highlights: Comments You May Like The Author Ahmed Humayun Ahmed Humayun is a technology journalist bringing you the hottest tech stories of the day.     Advertisement Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Share this Story Follow Us Read the Latest from I4U News Tim Cook Takes a Pay Cut 6 hours ago, 12:47pm CST Apple Confirms $1 Billion Investment in SoftBank 1 day ago, 2:25am CST Apple iOS 10.3 Beta to Come with Theater Mode 3 days ago, 3:18am CST What to Expect from Apple in 2017? 4 days ago, 12:06pm CST iOS 10.3 Beta Release date is set for 10th January-Will Feature a theatre Mode too 6 days ago, 12:09pm CST Finding a Nintendo NES Classic is Still Very Hard 3 hours ago, 3:28pm CST CES 2017 Marks the Debut Polaroid Pop Instant Digital Camera 6 hours ago, 12:41pm CST CES 2017 Begins With Next-Generation Innovations 6 hours ago, 12:35pm CST CES 2017: Xiaomi Makes CES Debut With Mi TV 4 7 hours ago, 12:17pm CST Golden Globes 2017: What You Need to Know 7 hours ago, 12:13pm CST Killer Asteroids? The White House Has a Plan 7 hours ago, 11:23am CST Xiaomi Unveils World’s Slimmest And Compact TV At CES 2017 7 hours ago, 11:23am CST CES 2017: Here Is A Six-Inch Touchscreen Windows Desktop 8 hours ago, 11:06am CST Scientists Use Light to to Control Proteins Inside Live Cells 8 hours ago, 11:04am CST CES 2017: We will Eventually See A Haptic Display That May be Worthwhile 8 hours ago, 10:53am CST Featured News Lego Boost Is Hottest Toy of 2017 Sony XBR-A1E BRAVIA OLED 4K HDR Dolby Vision TV with Acoustic Surface Unveiled at CES 2017   CES 2017: Lenovo Unveils Windows Holographic VR Headset Nintendo Switch is Available for Pre-order Apple Tim Cook Takes a Pay Cut 6 hours ago, 12:47pm CST Apple Confirms $1 Billion Investment in SoftBank 1 day ago, 2:25am CST Apple iOS 10.3 Beta to Come with Theater Mode 3 days ago, 3:18am CST What to Expect from Apple in 2017? 4 days ago, 12:06pm CST More Apple Stories Latest News Finding a Nintendo NES Classic is Still Very Hard 3 hours ago, 3:28pm CST How to Find a Nintendo NES Classic in Stock in 2017 5 hours ago, 2:14pm CST Tim Cook Takes a Pay Cut 6 hours ago, 12:47pm CST CES 2017 Marks the Debut Polaroid Pop Instant Digital Camera 6 hours ago, 12:41pm CST More Latest News Your Deals on Amazon The Latest ... Cyber Monday 2016 Holiday Gifts 2016 CES 2017 Super Bowl 2017 Ads Technology News Apple News Science News Celebrity News Movie News Advertising News Car News Business News Political News Sport News TV Show News Also on the Geek Mind Black Friday 2017 Hot Tech Deals About I4U News I4U News is daily News site for the Geek Mind. Expect the latest technology news including the juiciest rumors. Stay up to date with the biggest discoveries in science. Other featured news topics include cars, celebrities, movies and more. Read more. CES 2017 The CES 2017 Consumer electronics show takes place again in Las Vegas. Find out what will new products will be dominating 2017. Virtual Reality, 8K TVs, electric cars will be making CES 2017 headlines in our CES 2017 Coverage. About Us | Privacy Policy | Submit News Tips © Copyright by I4U LLC 2017
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ TOP TRENDING x Share 11975 9 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Forget those mean tweets, tech friends. Trump's just here to help The most important stories of the day. That's all. #TheShortList Post to Facebook Forget those mean tweets, tech friends. Trump's just here to help The most important stories of the day. That's all. #TheShortList  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2hOZZvZ {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 5 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs This story is part of the series the short list A terrible thing happened — and we watched it on Facebook Live Goodbye, Obama. Goodbye, Obamacare? 'Never underestimate the power of a Donald Trump tweet' Forget those mean tweets, tech friends. Trump's just here to help Editors, USA TODAY Published 5:12 p.m. ET Dec. 14, 2016 | Updated 12:31 p.m. ET Dec. 15, 2016 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share Silicon Valley leaders were among Donald Trump's most outspoken opponents during the presidential campaign. On Wednesday, though, many of them came face-to-face with the president-elect for the first time since the election. (Dec. 14) AP Left to right, Vice President-elect Mike Pence looks on as President-elect Donald Trump shakes the hand of Peter Thiel during a meeting with technology executives at Trump Tower. (Photo: Drew Angerer, Getty Images) Industry leaders don't pass up face-time with The Donald. After a year of tweet-bashing the likes of Apple and Amazon, disparaging their off-shoring of jobs, stances on encryption and tax contributions, Donald Trump invited tech industry leaders to a powwow in NYC. About a dozen tech A-listers — Apple CEO Tim Cook, Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos and Tesla CEO Elon Musk among them — sat down Wednesday with the president-elect to discuss jobs, immigration policy, free trade, cybersecurity and taxes. (Yes, Ivanka and her bros were there. Obviously.) One area where Trump and tech agree: revising the tax code. Trump says he plans to slash the corporate tax rate to 15% from 35%, which could prompt tech giants to repatriate money kept overseas. "This is truly an amazing group of people," Trump said. "I want to add that I’m here to help you folks do well." Notably absent, however, was Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey, who invented what possibly is Trump's favorite app. FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn See inside the tech leaders' summit at Trump Tower  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Apple CEO Tim Cook, right, and PayPal founder Peter Thiel, center, listen as President-elect Donald Trump speaks.  Evan Vucci, AP Fullscreen Tech CEOs meet with President-elect Donald Trump at Trump Tower December 14, 2016 in New York .  Timothy A. Clary, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen President-elect Donald Trump's son, Eric Trump, attends a meeting of technology chiefs in the Trump Organization conference room at Trump Tower.  Pool photo by Albin Lohr-Jones Fullscreen President-elect Donald Trump's daughter, Ivanka Trump, attends a meeting of technology chiefs in the Trump Organization conference room at Trump Tower.  Pool photo by Albin Lohr-Jones Fullscreen U.S. investor Wilbur Ross attends a meeting of technology chiefs in the Trump Organization conference room at Trump Tower in New York.  Pool photo by Albin Lohr-Jones Fullscreen Oracle CEO Safra Catz speaks during a meeting with President-elect Donald Trump and technology industry leaders at Trump Tower in New York.  Evan Vucci, AP Fullscreen Jeff Bezos, chief executive officer of Amazon, arrives for a meeting with President-elect Donald Trump.  Drew Angerer, Getty Images Fullscreen Tesla CEO Elon Musk listens as President-elect Donald Trump speaks.  Evan Vucci, AP Fullscreen Left to right, Jeff Bezos, chief executive officer of Amazon, Larry Page, chief executive officer of Alphabet Inc. (parent company of Google), Sheryl Sandberg, chief operating officer of Facebook, Vice President-elect Mike Pence listen as President-elect Donald Trump speaks during a meeting of technology executives at Trump Tower.  Drew Angerer, Getty Images Fullscreen Alphabet CEO Larry Page speaks during a meeting with President-elect Donald Trump and technology industry leaders.  Evan Vucci, AP Fullscreen Apple CEO Tim Cook listens as President-elect Donald Trump speaks during a meeting with technology industry leaders at Trump Tower.  Evan Vucci, AP Fullscreen Amazon founder Jeff Bezos, left, and Alphabet CEO Larry Page listen as President-elect Donald Trump speaks during a meeting with technology industry leaders at Trump Tower.  Evan Vucci, AP Fullscreen Left to right, Vice President-elect Mike Pence looks on as President-elect Donald Trump shakes the hand of Peter Thiel during a meeting with technology executives at Trump Tower.  Drew Angerer, Getty Images Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 13 2 of 13 3 of 13 4 of 13 5 of 13 6 of 13 7 of 13 8 of 13 9 of 13 10 of 13 11 of 13 12 of 13 13 of 13 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide The economy is looking up — and so are interest rates  The Federal Reserve raised a key interest rate Wednesday for the first time in 2016 and signaled that more hikes are likely for 2017 (depending largely on Trump’s fiscal policy). Whether the quarter-percentage-point hike is an early Christmas present or a lump a coal in your stocking depends on your point of view. The good news: The Fed raised the rate for only second time since 2006 because it believes the economy and the labor market are improving. And the hike will likely lead to slight increases in earnings from your savings account and CDs. The bad news: You’ll see increases in the interest rates on auto loans, credit cards and home equity lines of credit rates. And further hikes in 2017 could spell higher mortgage payments. Amazon's first drone delivery was 13 minutes of awesome When Amazon said it would use drones for delivery, no one was really sure what to make of it. But   when testing started last week, the first delivery sounded pretty sweet (or maybe, salty?). A British man who lives near Cambridge in the United Kingdom ordered a bag of popcorn and a Fire TV from Amazon. Thirteen minutes later, an Amazon drone delivered the package to his house. The test of Prime Air, Amazon’s would-be service to deliver packages up to 5 pounds in 30 minutes or less, took place on Dec. 7, the company said. It plans to bring drone delivery to rural customers first, then to suburbs and later to cities and towns. So why all the U.K. love? Amazon's been working with regulators to test the service, and Britain’s Civil Aviation Authority approved it. Amazon wants to bring drone delivery to the U.S., too, and secured FAA approval to do drone-testing here. Donald Trump picks Rick Perry to head the department he forgot existed Maybe we forgot that Rick Perry, who President-elect Donald Trump nominated for Energy secretary Wednesday, ran for president in 2016 and in 2012. But the former Texas governor did forget the Energy Department during a 2011 Republican presidential debate. He totally blanked on the agency — which he said he wanted to abolish, followed by saying his famous "oops." Trump and Perry strongly criticized each other during the 2016 GOP primary campaign. Even so, energy industry organizations welcomed the nomination. Perry has close ties to the Texas oil industry and has corporate roles in two petroleum companies pushing for approval of the Dakota Access Pipeline. Here's everyone Trump has picked for his Cabinet so far. What Alan Thicke's sons had to say about the loss of one of America's favorite TV dads Alan Thicke died Tuesday after a heart attack. He was 69. Thicke was a TV dad to so many through his role as Dr. Jason Seaver, and his death hit close to home for friends, colleagues and fans of the Growing Pains star. TV son Kirk Cameron said on Instagram: "Alan was a generous, kind and loving man. I am so blessed to have grown up with him." But the most heartfelt tributes came from his real sons. Robin Thicke, the singer, wrote on Instagram: "He was the best man I ever knew." His statement echoed that of his half-brother, Carter, who said he'd lost his "best friend" and "idol." Here are five surprising things you might not have known about Dr. Seaver. FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn Remembering Alan Thicke (1947-2016)  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Beloved TV dad Alan Thicke died at 69 on Tuesday from a fatal heart attack. We're looking back at his life in photos, starting with his guest stint as Rich Ginger on 'The Bold and The Beautiful' during a taping on Aug. 10, 2006, at CBS Studios in Los Angeles.  Frazer Harrison, Getty Images Fullscreen Thicke appears on 'Amazon Fishbowl' with Bill Maher in Hollywood in August 2006.  John Shearer, WireImage Fullscreen Thicke attends the Carousel of Hope gala, raising money for the Children's Diabetes Foundation, at the Beverly Hilton on Oct. 11, 2014.  Rich Polk, Getty Images Fullscreen Thicke appears at the ceremony awarding Bill Maher a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame in Los Angeles on Sept. 14, 2010.  Chris Pizzello, AP Fullscreen Alan Thicke hosted 'TV's Funniest Families.'  Alice S. Hall, NBC Fullscreen Alan Thicke, who had a successful career as an actor and a songwriter of TV theme songs, attended the Grammy Nominations Concert Live!! with his son, singer/songwriter Robin Thicke, at Nokia Theatre L.A. Live on Dec. 6, 2013.  Charley Gallay, WireImage Fullscreen The actor attended the Carousel of Hope Ball at the Beverly Hilton with wife Tanya Callau on Oct. 8, 2016.  Matt Winkelmeyer, Getty Images Fullscreen Cindy Williams (from left), Cynthia Stevenson and Alan Thicke on NBC's 'Hope & Gloria' in April 1996.  Alice S. Hall, NBC Fullscreen Alan Thicke hosts '3's A Crowd' on the Game Show Network in 1999.  Darren Michaels, Game Show Network Fullscreen Actors Vincent Young (left) and Alan Thicke skate at the opening of the Universal CityWalk Ice Rink on Nov. 29, 2002, in Universal City, Calif.  Frederick M. Brown, Getty Images Fullscreen The actor exchanges vows with model Tanya Callau during their wedding on May 7, 2005, at The One & Only Pamilla Resort in Cabo San Lucas, Mexico. At right is Thicke's son Robin.  Vince Bucci, Getty Images Fullscreen Thicke (left) and his son, musician Robin Thicke, arrive at the opening of Jay Z's 40/40 Club at the Palazzo Resort Hotel Casino on Dec. 30, 2007, in Las Vegas.  Ethan Miller, Getty Images Fullscreen The TV personality onstage during the 42nd annual Daytime Emmy Awards at Warner Bros. Studios on April 26, 2015, in Burbank, Calif.  Jesse Grant, Getty Images for NATAS Fullscreen Thicke attends the Comedy Central roast of Rob Lowe at Sony Studios on Aug. 27, 2016, in Los Angeles.  Alberto E. Rodriguez, Getty Images Fullscreen Shelley Long and Alan Thicke in CBS sitcom 'Yes, Dear' in 2005.  Cliff Lipson, CBS Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 15 2 of 15 3 of 15 4 of 15 5 of 15 6 of 15 7 of 15 8 of 15 9 of 15 10 of 15 11 of 15 12 of 15 13 of 15 14 of 15 15 of 15 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide Want the Short List delivered straight to your inbox? Sign up! This is a compilation of stories from across USA TODAY 11975 CONNECTTWEET 9 LINKEDIN 5 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2hOZZvZ NEVER MISS OUT The Short List Let us bring the headlines to you every night. Stay current and catch up on the biggest stories of the day. Privacy Notice THANKS FOR SIGNING UP FOR THE The Short List NEWSLETTER We're sorry. something went wrong. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-872-0001Sign up for more Newsletters This story is part of the series the short list A terrible thing happened — and we watched it on Facebook Live Goodbye, Obama. Goodbye, Obamacare? 'Never underestimate the power of a Donald Trump tweet'
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « Sharp's Terry Gou Deliberately Drops Samsung as a Customer & Sends Samsung into a Panic | Main | South Korea's Fair Trade Commission Finds Apple's Carrier Contracts Unfair, Considers Sanctions » December 15, 2016 Oh, About the AirPods Being Ready to Ship now …. No. Delivery in Canada, China, the U.K and Elsewhere is Six Weeks   Last Saturday Patently Apple posted a report titled "Frustration and Anger over the AirPods Delay Continue to Spill over to General Anger Aimed at Apple." Magically by Tuesday Apple posted a press release titled "Apple AirPods are now Available." According to Apple, "New Wireless Headphones Available Online Today and in Stores Beginning Next Week." Apple's press release says AirPods are available in Canada, Hong Kong, the UK and elsewhere.   However, as our cover graphic shows, in Canada, the UK, Hong Kong and elsewhere shipping is "6 weeks." That of course confirms that they won't technically be ready for Christmas. Was Apple trying a PR stunt or is the information on all of their online stores outside of the US not updated? Something tells me it's 6 weeks and the won't be available for under the tree in time.   I'll go to my local store next week, prior to Christmas in the hopes that Apple will keep their word. I'm not really optimistic about my chances of getting them – but we'll see next week. In the end, I think our report stating that they would begin shipping in early 2017 stands as correct ... for most of the world.   About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.   Posted by Jack Purcher on December 15, 2016 at 09:50 AM | Permalink Comments The comments to this entry are closed. Search Recent Posts Huawei Begins their Big Squeeze on Samsung in the U.S. Today Canadian Competition Bureau Closes its Investigation into Apple Conducting Anti-Competitive Practices Patent Troll GPNE continues to Fight Apple in China over Infringing Patents related to Cellular technologies We weep to learn that Super Millionaire Tim Cook won't make as many Millions as last year Apple's Virtual Click Wheel Prototype feature for iOS may have been discovered Apple Reportedly Shifting to IGZO TFT-LCD Panels for MacBook Pro Sometime in 2017 While Samsung's Mobile Division Nose Dived this Quarter, other Components gave Samsung a Solid Winning Quarter Apple confirms our Report that the first Flagship Apple Store in South Korea will open later this year Ireland's Sinn Féin Accuses Apple's CEO of being Disrespectful to the Irish People for not attending a Key Hearing Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports 6. Patently Xtra News 7. Snap News 8. Apple-IBM MobileFirst 9. Apple Events & Financial Related Accessories Apple & Market Statistics Apple - Macs Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple iTunes / Apple Music Apple Pay, iWallet, NFC Related Apple Pencil - Smart Pen Apple Store Apple Watch + Other Wearables AppleTV Related Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible, Foldable Facial Recognition & 3D Related Future Interfaces Green Technology Haptics & Tactile iBeacon News + Inductive, Wireless Charging Liquid Metal Location Related, Indoor Mapping Maps Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Reports Projection Related Security Related Smart Bezels + Social Networking Software + OS Solar Energy Sports Related Travel Related Vehicle Related Videos Videos (Reports with) See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « Oh, About the AirPods Being Ready to Ship now …. No. Delivery in Canada, China, the U.K and Elsewhere is Six Weeks | Main | Apple Ordered to pay $2 Million in Lawsuit Filed by Employees but it's Not Over just Yet » December 15, 2016 South Korea's Fair Trade Commission Finds Apple's Carrier Contracts Unfair, Considers Sanctions     On June 21 Patently Apple posted a report titled "Korea's Fair Trade Commission Set to Investigate Apple over Unfair Contracts with Local Carriers." The report provided a bit of history how Apple has been investigated continually for "damaging" the Korean market. We also noted that Apple completed their work with Korea's Fair Trade Commission to revise their "unfair service agreements."   And yet somehow something wasn't to the liking of this Korean body as South Korea's ETNews was all to happy to rush out a skimpy report today claiming that the "South Korean Government to Sanction Apple's Unfair Actions." Remember, this was the same publication that went ballistic when the U.S. announced a recall of the Note7 saying that it was a conspiracy to assist Apple.   The full ETNews report states the following:   "South Korean Government has confirmed unfair contracts between Apple and South Korean mobile network providers and is preparing for evaluations on whether or not it will impose sanctions on Apple."   With Apple's contracts being so unfair after years of being in Korea without complaint, I could understand why Apple wants to open their first flagship store in South Korea next year and perhaps a series of stores by 2019.   About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.     Posted by Jack Purcher on December 15, 2016 at 10:46 AM in 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports | Permalink Comments The comments to this entry are closed. Search Recent Posts Huawei Begins their Big Squeeze on Samsung in the U.S. Today Canadian Competition Bureau Closes its Investigation into Apple Conducting Anti-Competitive Practices Patent Troll GPNE continues to Fight Apple in China over Infringing Patents related to Cellular technologies We weep to learn that Super Millionaire Tim Cook won't make as many Millions as last year Apple's Virtual Click Wheel Prototype feature for iOS may have been discovered Apple Reportedly Shifting to IGZO TFT-LCD Panels for MacBook Pro Sometime in 2017 While Samsung's Mobile Division Nose Dived this Quarter, other Components gave Samsung a Solid Winning Quarter Apple confirms our Report that the first Flagship Apple Store in South Korea will open later this year Ireland's Sinn Féin Accuses Apple's CEO of being Disrespectful to the Irish People for not attending a Key Hearing Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports 6. Patently Xtra News 7. Snap News 8. Apple-IBM MobileFirst 9. Apple Events & Financial Related Accessories Apple & Market Statistics Apple - Macs Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple iTunes / Apple Music Apple Pay, iWallet, NFC Related Apple Pencil - Smart Pen Apple Store Apple Watch + Other Wearables AppleTV Related Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible, Foldable Facial Recognition & 3D Related Future Interfaces Green Technology Haptics & Tactile iBeacon News + Inductive, Wireless Charging Liquid Metal Location Related, Indoor Mapping Maps Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Reports Projection Related Security Related Smart Bezels + Social Networking Software + OS Solar Energy Sports Related Travel Related Vehicle Related Videos Videos (Reports with) See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE Apple to Switch to IGZO Display Panels for MacBook Pro This Year? Apple Shares Five Wallpapers That Celebrate the Chinese New Year [Download] Yalu Jailbreak Gains Support for TSMC iPhone 6s and iPhone SE But Still Has a 'Pretty Serious Bug' Apple Pays Tim Cook Less Following Missed Revenue and Profit Goals Check Out This Vintage Macintosh Charging Stand for the Apple Watch Dell Unveils World's First 8K 32-inch Monitor Apple to Open First Retail Store in South Korea Instagram Adds Support for Wide Color Capture and Display, Live Photos Western Digital Announces SanDisk 256GB USB Flash Drive With 420MB/s Read and 380MB/s Write Speeds Suspected Apple Partner Energous Says Wireless Charging Transmitters Will Begin Shipping by Year's End Incipio OX Case Brings Headphone Jack Back to the iPhone 7 OWC DEC Attaches to the Bottom of the MacBook Pro, Adds USB 3, SD Card Slot, Ethernet, Additional Storage D-Link Unveils New Omna 180 Security Camera With Apple HomeKit Support Leviton Unveils Decora Dimmers and Switches with Apple HomeKit Support The World's First Smart Hairbrush [Video] Apple Announces Chinese New Year Promotion, Free Beats Solo3 Headphones With Purchase of Mac or iPhone Chamberlain Smart Hub Brings Apple HomeKit Support to Almost Any Existing Garage Door Opener Linksys Launches Velop Modular Mesh Wi-Fi System [Video] Moen Announces 'U by Moen' Wi-Fi Shower System That Can Be Controlled By Your iPhone [Video] Apple Says New Year's Day Was the Biggest Day Ever on the App Store Watch Apple's New Apple Pay Ad for Japan: Race [Video] LIKE   TWEET   SHARE   PIN   SHARE   POST MAIL MORE Posted December 15, 2016 at 5:12pm by iClarified · 6271 views · Translate Apple has posted a new Apple Pay ad for Japan entitled, 'Race'. The ad highlights the service's support for Felica. Apple Pay is accepted anywhere Suica is available, so users can make quick everyday purchases and buy or reload a Suica card or commuter pass, all with their iPhone. Japan’s major financial brands will also support Apple Pay, so shoppers can make purchases in many of the country's largest stores, at neighborhood shops and restaurants, and from their favorite online merchants. Take a look below... Follow iClarified Comments Add Comment Recent Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder News Tutorials Answers Wizards Search Comments Bookmarks Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified Send Us a Tip Contact Us Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder, News, Tutorials, Answers, Wizards, Search, Comments, Bookmarks, Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified, Send Us a Tip, Contact Us Copyright © iClarified. All rights reserved. Privacy. Content.
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Apple’s AirPods and the best cord-free competition compared Trending in Apple 2017 & Beyond: What’s next for Mac, and what of its longer-term future? Trending in Apple Comment: OWC’s ‘DEC’ attachment highlights the portability progress Apple has made with the MacBook Pro Trending in Apple Opinion: Why the LG 5K UltraFine isn’t the MacBook Pro display I’m looking for Trending in Apple Poll: What rumored iPhone 8 feature excites you the most? Trending in Apple Apple in 2017: What’s next for Mac, iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch & Apple TV this year December 15, 2016 AAPL: 115.82 0.63 Apple will offer AirPod replacements for $69 if you lose one, & battery replacements for a fee Jordan Kahn - Dec. 15th 2016 9:31 am PT @JordanKahn Apple View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Apple has published detailed warranty information for its new AirPods that went on sale this week, including pricing for a replacement if you happen to lose one of the cord-free wireless earbuds. On it’s webpage for repair pricing for iPhone, Apple now has a section dedicated to AirPods that details requirements and pricing for battery replacements, including what’s covered under the one year hardware warranty and what’s not. Apple notes that it will cover issues including defective batteries on both AirPods and the charging case under the One Year Limited Warranty it provides with all hardware. Otherwise, however, it will be charging $49 for battery service on the AirPods and charging case, including if you want to replace the battery after its capacity inevitably decreases over time. If you need service for your AirPods or charging case, there’s no charge if the issue is covered under the Apple One Year Limited Warranty or consumer law… Our warranty covers a defective battery, but it doesn’t cover wear from normal use.  If the battery capacity on your AirPods or charging case decreases over time, you can replace them for a battery service fee… If your AirPods or charging case get damaged accidentally, you can pay an out-of-warranty fee. And if you lose an AirPod or your charging case, we can replace your lost item for a fee. Apple is also charging $69 to replace a single AirPod if you happen to lose one, and the same price for a lost charging case, which was a big topic conversation when Apple first unveiled the new cord-free earbuds. The AirPods sell for $159 new and come with the charging case.  The new AirPods officially went on sale earlier this week on December 13, making it in time for delivery before Christmas at least for those lucky enough to order in the first minutes of availability. Some shipments are expected to arrive to customers as soon as early next week, but shipping estimate quickly increased following the launch and currently Apple is quoting a 6 week wait time for new orders. blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Jump to Navigation AU EDITION | Saturday, January 07, 2017 As of 12:11 PM AEST Subscribe AU Edition Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition U.K. Edition U.S. Edition FOLLOW | Make IBT your homepage Search Home Business News Sports Life Entertainment Video Life ‘Super Mario Run’ gives winter shivers to ‘Pokemon GO’; Aussies choose retro fun over catching Pokemon By Ritwik Roy @ritwikroy1985 on December 16 2016 4:42 AM 0 0 0 0 Nintendo Creative Fellow Shigeru Miyamoto stands next to the Super Mario character during an Apple media event in San Francisco, California, U.S. September 7, 2016. Reuters/Beck Diefenbach “Super Mario Run” is set to become one of the highest earning mobile games in smartphone history and that’s a warning bell for “Pokemon GO.” Australian will be embracing the revamped classic with open arms even though the game has launched only on Apple App store. The retro gaming craze is picking up as “Pokemon GO” craze dwindles. Apple is set to add millions as it takes a 30 percent share of the money spent on iOS games. According to News.com.au, a mobile analytics firm has predicted “Super Mario Run” to make $94 million in the very first month of its release. Aussies need to pay $14.99 in order to play the full version of the game. There are no in-game purchases like “Pokemon GO.” Of course, the Niantic game grossed $192 million dollars in its opening month but the game is losing players rapidly. “Super Mario Run” does not require players to go out of their comfortable homes during the freezing winter months. This could be the reason why more and more users are getting interested about the Mario game. The game was announced during the Apple iPhone 7 launch in September and since then Apple has promoted the game heavily. The “Super Mario Run” game just requires an internet connection and lacks any augmented reality aspect such as in “Pokemon GO.” Game experts believe that “Super Mario Run” downloads in its first month could be greater than that of the Niantic game and that it will be historic. Survey Monkey, an analytics firm, has stated that the Niantic blockbuster is losing four million players a week and that’s a big opportunity for “Super Mario Run.” The recent “Pokemon GO” update that was released was met with criticisms as instead of catching new Pokemon in the wild, players now have to hatch them in eggs. Even a study from Harvard University,  published in the British Medical Journal  suggests that the fitness boost that “Pokemon GO” promised was a short-lived phenomenon. Thus, releasing “Super Mario Run” when the Nintendo game is losing players is a master move by Nintendo. Submit Correction 0 0 0 Related ‘Super Mario Run’ requires all-time internet ‘Pokemon GO Frapuccino’ to delight players at Starbucks stores Join the Discussion 0 0 0 Search Most Shared Most Read 1 'Days of Our Lives' spoilers for Jan. 2 – 6, 2017: Rafe learns about Stefano’s death; Nicole says goodbye to baby; Theo and Valerie square off 0 Shares 2 ‘Game of Thrones’ season 7 spoilers: Flashback scene 0 Shares 3 Golden State Warriors vs Dallas Mavericks live stream: Watch NBA live on TV, preview, start time 0 Shares 4 'Outlander' season 3: Back from break it's back to production 0 Shares 5 ‘Star Wars: Episode 8’: Snoke’s interest in Rey 0 Shares 6 ‘Vikings’ season 4 episode 16 spoilers: Lagertha meets her demise 0 Shares 7 ‘Vikings’ season 4: Ivar, Bjorn will become more famous than Ragnar 0 Shares 8 'Wentworth' season 5 release date, spoilers 0 Shares 9 'The Young and the Restless' spoilers for Jan. 3 – 6: Genoa City opens the year with a heated family feud, unrequited love and continued deception 0 Shares 10 'The Young and the Restless' (Y&R) spoilers for Jan. 2, 2017: Dylan takes on a new identity; Sharon learns who tripped her; Devon is rushed to the hospital 0 Shares Follow Us Please enter a valid email Like us Follow us Full site feed Australian house prices defy predictions, soar fastest in 7 years Woolworths to sell petrol sites to BP for $1.8M Woolworths' Supplier Connect to roll out in 2017 Nokia and Apple trade lawsuits World’s safest airlines 2017: Qantas tops the list again ASC will be shedding 130 people by Feb end More Business Economy Markets Companies Real Estate Banking & Finance Funding axed for Malek Fahd Islamic school Kings Park Crash Gold Coast one-punch attack Miss Lebanon 2016 to lose title after drug arrest Man racially attacks family in Melboune park Tourists arriving in SA warned about extreme heat More News Australia Asia Pacific Africa The Americas Europe Middle East Kyrie Irving leads Stephen Curry, James Harden with most All-Star votes NBA Trade News: Cavaliers acquire Kyle Korver from Hawks Houston Rockets vs Oklahoma City Thunder live stream: Watch NBA live on TV, preview, start time Los Angeles Lakers vs Portland Trail Blazers live stream: Watch NBA live on TV, preview, start time Rafael Nadal speaks on tennis match-fixing NBA 2K17: 2017 All-Star jerseys now available More Sports AFL NRL Rugby Union Cricket Soccer Tennis Motor Sports Basketball NFL Fight Sports More HTC Vive Tracker set for Q2 release, can turn any object into VR controller [VIDEO] Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon review: One for the professionals ‘Pokemon Go’ new update can be released anytime now Razer Project Valerie: The first and only laptop with 3 fully automated displays [VIDEO] iPhone 7 Plus vs iPhone 6S Plus vs iPhone 6 Plus: Battery performance comparison [VIDEO] Chinese New Year 2017: Good luck gifts More Life Environment & Science Health & Wellbeing Gaming Technology Travel & Food Fashion & Beauty Art & Design ‘Teen Wolf’ season 6 gives fans a chance to visit the set and act for the final episodes ‘Vikings’ season 4 episode 17: Katheryn Winnick answers if Lagertha dies Beyonce, Radiohead and Kendrick Lamar to front Coachella 2017; Australian acts join annual music event Presence of Kanye West in Kim Kardashian’s family photos; Naomi Campbell talks about Paris attack like Kim's [VIDEO] 'The Blacklist' season 4 updates: New clip hints at tension among Liz, Samar and Aram; new photos on 'Lipet's Seafood Company' released ‘Grimm’ season 6 spoilers: Scared Monroe; Double Trubel More Entertainment Movies TV Celebrities Music McLaren 570GT Review: Grand, But No Touring Car IBTimes Newsletters Sign up to get the latest headlines delivered to your inbox every morning. We value your privacy. Your email address will not be shared. Sections Home Business News Sports Life Entertainment Video IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Careers Contact Terms of Service Privacy Policy IBT Media Syndication Editions Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved.
obsessions our picks latest popular like us on facebook follow us on twitter quartz index about us register log in log out Events Atlas quartz quartz India quartz Africa Change your edition back to menu SUPER MARIO DONE People are sick of waiting for Super Mario Run Written by Mike Murphy December 15, 2016 They don't seem to know either. (AP Photo/Koji Sasahara) Share Written by Mike Murphy December 15, 2016 Nintendo’s first true iPhone game, Super Mario Run, is set to be released for the iPhone today, Dec. 15. But neither Nintendo nor Apple have given any indication as to when exactly the game would be available today, and it seems that people have spent the last half-day endlessly checking in on Apple’s App Store to see if the game is available yet. Apple set up a notification system where prospective Mario runners could asked to be alerted when the game is available to download, and over 20 million people have signed up for the notifications. But, as of the time of publishing, the app’s page on the store is still saying “notify” rather than “download.” People have taken to Twitter to voice their frustration that the game isn’t out yet: When yu stayed up all night for #SuperMarioRun and it still says NOTIFY pic.twitter.com/h31e9TFrNV — Jamal Moore (@Moore4Cincy) December 15, 2016 *checks App Store*#SuperMarioRun still isn't there. *checks again* Still not there. *checks another time* Hmmmm. pic.twitter.com/CZETFuP8Eh — GAME.co.uk (@GAMEdigital) December 15, 2016 Looking for #SuperMarioRun on the @AppStore like… pic.twitter.com/tKglD8XggH — Shacknews (@shacknews) December 15, 2016 Me checking the app store every 5 minutes for #SuperMarioRun. pic.twitter.com/Jiv7BUN5Ki — AnUncookedCake (@AnUncookedCake) December 15, 2016 Nintendo: We should release Super Mario Run at midnight on Dec 15. Nintendo to Nintendo: Let them wait. #SuperMarioRun pic.twitter.com/h3ms7DC6uM — Al Mannarino (@almannarino) December 15, 2016 Checks @AppStore just one more time! #SuperMarioRun pic.twitter.com/JUIb1U7M0C — Nintendo Life (@nintendolife) December 15, 2016 IT IS DECEMBER 15th!!!! WHERE ARE YOU #SuperMarioRun pic.twitter.com/kwQ0JeQcny — Matthew B. (@Mastermatt287) December 15, 2016 #SuperMarioRun #Nintendo pic.twitter.com/H7s4a4N8Wk — Peter Lopez (@Pete_L0pez) December 15, 2016 Still waiting for #SuperMarioRun pic.twitter.com/ULysAEEpdZ — ThatBeany (@thatbeany) December 15, 2016 Esperando a #SuperMarioRun @portalhoyonline pic.twitter.com/UeXs1rb0Yf — Portal Hoy (@portalhoyonline) December 15, 2016 When I enter to the #AppStore and #SuperMarioRun still in notify pic.twitter.com/MxktADeeqJ — . (@netovro) December 15, 2016 Waiting for #SuperMarioRun like… pic.twitter.com/RnrJCN8u4Q — Vinny Rizzo (@vinny_rizzo) December 15, 2016 When #SuperMarioRun still isn't out yet pic.twitter.com/bIulL1zu00 — Toebuck (@jamestroe) December 15, 2016 Me Right now waiting #SuperMarioRun pic.twitter.com/F7eu793PQq — 👽 (@GioRusso_) December 15, 2016 Read full story home our picks popular latest obsessions search
null
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Hot Topics GPRO AAPL Best Stocks for 2017 Top Investments Trade of the Day Dividends More Home > Stock Picks > Stocks to Buy > Super Mario Run Is the Power-Up Apple Inc. (AAPL) Stock Needs Android owners will have to wait until 2017 to play Nintendo's latest By Brad Moon, InvestorPlace Contributor  |  Dec 15, 2016, 11:15 am EST     View All   Popular Posts: Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) Has Nothing to Fear From Faraday Future Apple Inc. (AAPL) Could Release New Apple Watch 3 in Fall 2017 GoPro Inc (GPRO) Announces Karma Drone Re-Launch in 2017 Recent Posts: Apple Inc. (AAPL) Shatters One-Day App Store Revs Record With $240M Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) Has Nothing to Fear From Faraday Future GoPro Inc (GPRO) Announces Karma Drone Re-Launch in 2017 View All Posts One of the most anticipated smartphone events of the year takes place today. It’s not free iPhone 6 batteries for everyone, and not the day the last Galaxy Note 7 goes silent. It’s the release of Super Mario Run for Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) mobile devices by Nintendo Co., Ltd (ADR) (OTCMKTS:NTDOY). And it’s going to be huge. Source: Via Nintendo Let’s face it, Apple and Nintendo could both use a bit of a pick-me-up right about now. Shares of Nintendo surged when Pokemon Go hit mobile phones. But billions of dollars in value were wiped out once investors realized that Nintendo wasn’t actually cashing in on the game. Pokemon Go was developed in partnership with Niantic Labs and Nintendo only owned a third of the Pokemon Company, further diluting its take. Nintendo was forced to release a statement informing investors that Pokemon Go’s success was not going to be the financial windfall many expected. Still, the company is sitting pretty compared to its position at the start of the year, but NTDOY is going into the holiday season with a lame duck game console in the Wii U. The Top 10 Micro-Cap Stocks to Buy for 2017 Super Mario Run is all Nintendo. It’s free to play, but it costs $9.99 to unlock the full game. And all of that revenue — minus Apple’s App Store cut — goes to Nintendo this time. “Super Mario Run” Will Also be Good for Apple Apple hasn’t had the best December so far. The company has been plagued by seemingly unending iPhone 6 battery woes. The new MacBook Pro has also seen complaints about everything from cost to lack of ports and poor battery life. It’s going into the holiday shopping season with promised Bluetooth headsets like the BeatsX facing delayed availability. Smartwatch sales have tanked, putting a question mark around the Apple Watch. AAPL is also trying to convince holiday shoppers to buy a premium, 1080p Apple TV at a time when everyone else is undercutting price and offering 4K video. Super Mario Run is the good news Apple needs. Next Page   1 2 View All View All   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2016/12/super-mario-run-iphone-nintendo-apple-aapl-ntdoy/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 7 Cheap Stocks That Could Double in the Coming Year 3 Marijuana Stocks Set to Burn Out in 2017 7 'New Industrial' Stock Picks to Bore You to the Bank 3 Stocks to Sell Amid Minimum Wage Hikes Protect Yourself Against the Alibaba Stock Free Fall 10 Stocks to Buy for the Car of Tomorrow More on InvestorPlace 7 Cheap Stocks That Could Double in the Coming Year 3 Marijuana Stocks Set to Burn Out in 2017 7 'New Industrial' Stock Picks to Bore You to the Bank 3 Stocks to Sell Amid Minimum Wage Hikes Protect Yourself Against the Alibaba Stock Free Fall 10 Stocks to Buy for the Car of Tomorrow More on InvestorPlace 7 Cheap Stocks That Could Double in the Coming Year 3 Marijuana Stocks Set to Burn Out in 2017 7 'New Industrial' Stock Picks to Bore You to the Bank 3 Stocks to Sell Amid Minimum Wage Hikes Protect Yourself Against the Alibaba Stock Free Fall 10 Stocks to Buy for the Car of Tomorrow More on InvestorPlace 7 Cheap Stocks That Could Double in the Coming Year 3 Marijuana Stocks Set to Burn Out in 2017 7 'New Industrial' Stock Picks to Bore You to the Bank 3 Stocks to Sell Amid Minimum Wage Hikes Protect Yourself Against the Alibaba Stock Free Fall 10 Stocks to Buy for the Car of Tomorrow Comments are currently unavailable. Please check back soon. ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 7 Cheap Stocks to Buy That Could Double in 2017 3 Marijuana Stocks That Will Burn Out In 2017 7 “New Industrial” Stocks to Bore You to the Bank 3 Stocks to Sell Amid Record Minimum Wage Hikes The Key to GOOGL Stock Isn't What You Think Most Popular Most Commented 5 Stocks to Buy for a Big January 10 of the Worst Values on Wall Street 3 Metal Stocks Flashing Bright “Buy” Signals The 10 Best Contrarian Stocks to Buy in the New Year The 10 Best Low-Cost Index Funds to Buy Now 10 Stocks to Buy for the Car of Tomorrow Nokia Corp (ADR) (NOK) Stock Will Take a Hit From Its Patent Trolling Constellation Brands, Inc. (STZ) Stock Sinks Despite Strong Q3 Earnings S&P 500 Needs to Hold This Vital Level 10 of the Worst Values on Wall Street SPDR S&P 500 ETF Trust (SPY): This Is Your Next Upside Target Poll of the Day View and vote in our Best Stocks for 2017: Which one stock do you think will do best in the coming year? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Share 17 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-01-06 ‘Yuri On Ice’ Story Isn’t Ripped-Off For ‘Love On Ice’? Hallmark Channel Responds To Plagiarism Claims By Fans Of Yuri And Victor’s Story Entertainment 2017-01-06 George R. R. Martin Still Silent About ‘The Winds Of Winter,’ 2017 Release Date Might Happen Entertainment 2017-01-05 Inauguration Day 2017 Entertainment Update: Trump Struggles To Get Performers While Obama’s Farewell Party Is Already Filled To The Brim Entertainment 2017-01-05 Winning Floats From 2017 Rose Parade News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2017-01-06 President Obama Is Building A Wall Around His New Home Opinion 2017-01-06 Hillary Clinton Should Think Twice About ‘Running’ For Mayor Of New York: Just Ask Rahm Emanuel Opinion 2017-01-06 Top 5 Stores With The Easiest Gifts Return Policy News 2017-01-06 Chicago Race Torture Victim Says Attacker Jordan Hill ‘Was My Friend’ Before Facebook Live Assault Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Wrestling 2017-01-06 Top 4 Roman Reigns Match Ideas For WWE WrestleMania 33 Wrestling 2017-01-06 WWE News: Big Update On Shelton Benjamin’s WWE Return, Veteran Says He Won’t Be At ‘Royal Rumble’ 2017 Wrestling 2017-01-06 WWE News: NJPW Star Kenny Omega Says He Is Stepping Away From Japan, Possible WWE Jump Upcoming? Wrestling 2017-01-06 WWE News: Goldberg To Wrestle At ‘Fastlane’ In Marquee Match Set Up On ‘RAW’ Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-01-01 New Year’s Resolutions You Can Actually Keep Lifestyle 2017-01-01 New Year’s Resolution Tips: Experts Tell How To Pick And Stick To Your Resolutions In 2017 Lifestyle 2016-12-31 New Year’s Resolution: 7 Things You Must Add To Your List Lifestyle 2016-12-30 Anything Open New Year’s Eve & New Year’s Day? Holiday Hours For Stores, Restaurants, Banks, Post Office As We Ring In 2017 Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-01-06 New Ebola Vaccine Can’t Be Used For Prevention, World Health Organization Warns Health 2017-01-06 Coca-Cola Sued For Marketing Deception, What Are The Long Term Health Effects Of Sugary Drinks? Health 2017-01-05 Mysterious Marijuana Illness Spikes In Legalized States Health 2017-01-02 Over 700 U.S. Hospitals Penalized For ‘Superbug’ Infections And Patient Injuries: Is Your Hospital On The List? Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2017-01-06 Nintendo Classic Mini Edition Jail Hacked Via Softmod Like Wii? Apparently Twice As Many NES Console Games Technology 2017-01-06 As iPhone Sales Decline, So Too Does Apple’s Employees’ Pay Gaming 2017-01-06 Steam Compatible Controllers Expanding: Soon PC Gamers Can Use Console Input Devices With All Games Gaming 2017-01-06 The ‘Shenmue 3’ Release Date Is Happening, But An HD Remaster? ‘Shenmue HD’ Domain Grabbed By Sega Europe BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-01-06 ‘Black Twitter’ Roasts ‘Yahoo Finance’ For N-Word Twitter Typo: ‘Trump Wants A Much N***** Navy’ Screenshot Trends BuzzWorthy 2017-01-05 Golden Globe Awards 2017: Who Will Win And Where To Watch? BuzzWorthy 2017-01-05 Zombie Outbreak Would Kill Nearly All Humanity In 100 Days, UK Scientists Claim BuzzWorthy 2017-01-05 Trump’s New Hair Photo: Combed-Back Hairstyle In Instagram Pic Makes Trump Look ‘Presidential’ SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss When Will ‘Super Mario Run’ Come Out On The App Store? iOS Release Update And Latest Buzz Gaming 17 0 0 December 15, 2016 When Will ‘Super Mario Run’ Come Out On The App Store? iOS Release Update And Latest Buzz Matt Couden The new Super Mario Run mobile game comes out today for the Apple app store, as the iOS release date was announced to be December 15. However, as of this report, the game had yet to officially be available on the popular apps store. That has mobile game users wondering when the Super Mario Run game will actually be there for download and install. Here’s the latest information regarding Super Mario Run release date, how to stay updated, and the latest buzz on this hot new gaming title. According to Polygon in their latest report, Thursday, December 15 is the official release date for the new Super Mario game. It will be made available on the iPhone, iPad, and iPod Touch devices exclusively for those compatible Apple products. Mobile device owners will need to get the game at the App Store on their phone, once it becomes available. As mentioned, the game had yet to hit the store as of Thursday morning. The Super Mario game is said to take up 205 megabytes when it is installed. It will require at least iOS 8.0 as the device’s operating system, but most devices these days are beyond that particular version. As mentioned, only compatible iPhones, iPads, and iPad touch can download and install the new game. The popularity of the Mario games and its characters has continued over three decades. [Image by Getty Images] The new Super Mario Run game is bringing plenty of excitement because of the fact it is a throwback to the side-scrolling fun found in the original Mario titles. The popular Nintendo character first burst onto the scene in 1985 with Super Mario Bros. The popularity grew exponentially from there, as more games followed featuring Mario, his brother Luigi, the Princess, and, of course, Yoshi. Most recently, there’s been popular games such as Mario Kart and Mario Maker. If that wasn’t enough, Japan is launching a theme park to celebrate the pop culture phenomenon of the game and its characters. Several days ago, CNBC reported that the park is set to launch by 2020. It will be a Universal Studios and Nintendo venture known as Super Nintendo World and will appear at the Universal Studios in Japan. The specialized theme park will open just in time for the 2020 Olympic Games in Japan. It’s said the park will cost 50 billion yen ($434 million in U.S. dollars) and is on the same scale as the Wizarding World of Harry Potter. Nintendo Creative Fellow Shigeru Minamoto at iPhone announcement event. [Image by Stephen Lam/Getty Images] Until the park opens, fans of the hit game and its characters will be anxiously awaiting the Super Mario Run release date as an iOS app at the App Store. According to Wired, Nintendo Creative Fellow Shigeru Minamoto discussed various aspects of the new game, including how the idea came about from YouTube videos. “When you look at videos of super players who are very good Super Mario Bros. players, they tend to run all the way through the course without ever stopping. Our feeling was that by having this iPhone game in which Mario runs automatically and all you do is jump, we would actually have quite a bit of leeway to be able to create something that’s simple and easy for anyone to play, but still has some of that challenge and skill that super players desire.” The new game will feature only one action to go through various obstacles and levels. It’s been reported that the game will keep Mario moving towards the side of the screen, but the player will have to make Mario jump. In the old NES title, the player advanced Mario around the levels. It should be an interesting take on an old classic, combined with the speed-run concept seen online today. To stay updated as to when the game arrives for iOS, Heavy indicates that gamers can set up notifications. This is done by going to the app store and performing a search for Super Mario Run. Customers will see a “notify” button near the game unless it’s available. Customers will need to tap that button, and doing so provides an instant alert once the game is available. Keep in mind it is likely to be a popular title with a ton of traffic flooding the store for the download. Update 12/16: The Super Mario Run game is now available for download from the Apple app store. [Featured Image via Stephen Lam/Getty Images] Now Watch This: Twitter China Chief Quits After Eight Months Now Read This: Nintendo Classic Mini Edition Jail Hacked Via Softmod Like Wii? Apparently Twice As Many NES Console Games Share 17 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Matt Couden Tags: app store, Apple, Gaming, iOS Apps January 6, 2017 Kenya Moore Pulls Gun: Are Fears Growing After Matt Jordan Is Labeled Dangerous? January 6, 2017 Jill Zarin’s Husband Fighting Cancer: How This ‘RHONY’ Star Is Celebrating Their Love View full timeline 1 hour ago As iPhone Sales Decline, So Too Does Apple’s Employees’ Pay 13 hours ago Forget The iPhone 7, Leaked Images Reveal Apple’s Click Wheel iPhone Prototype Comments LATEST HEADLINES Top 4 Roman Reigns Match Ideas For WWE WrestleMania 33 Hillary Clinton Should Think Twice About ‘Running’ For Mayor Of New York: Just Ask Rahm Emanuel Ciara Drops $15 Million Defamation Lawsuit Against Future Top 5 Stores With The Easiest Gifts Return Policy Nintendo Classic Mini Edition Jail Hacked Via Softmod Like Wii? Apparently Twice As Many NES Console Games Seattle Mariners Trades: New Starting Pitcher, Outfielder Acquired By Jerry Dipoto Chicago Race Torture Victim Says Attacker Jordan Hill ‘Was My Friend’ Before Facebook Live Assault Kendall Jenner Opens Up About Anxiety After Kim Kardashian’s Robbery Fox News’ Bill O’Reilly Talks About Russian Interference A Mom Sent Another Mom A Bill For $400 After Her Daughter’s Shoes Got Scuffed Up On Playdate Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Oliver Stone Accuses Mainstream Media Of Reporting Fake News About Russia 7.2k 0 0 2NE1: YG Entertainment K-Pop Girl Group Confirmed To Disband, CL And Dara Re-Signed To Label As Soloists 51.5k 0 0 George Lopez Turns Down Trump Inauguration Invite, Calls Him ‘Tiny Hands’ In Mean-Spirited Jab 6k 0 0 Win An iPhone 7 From ‘The Inquisitr’ 63 0 0 Group Of Four Teenagers Kidnap And Torture Special Needs Child In Chicago, Post Live Video On Facebook [Graphic Footage] 12 0 0 WWE News: Jimmy Snuka Cleared Of All Murder Charges 2.8k 0 0 Recent Videos Discoveries Rare Underwater Footage Captured Below Antarctic Ice Automotive Uber Removes Self Driving Cars In San Francisco One Week After Launching Science Scientist Creates Artificial Human Skin From Algae Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact News Partners Opposing Views Huffington Post Fark Buzz Feed Supported By DoubleClick Google Adsense Softlayer Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr News.
NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE Apple to Switch to IGZO Display Panels for MacBook Pro This Year? Apple Shares Five Wallpapers That Celebrate the Chinese New Year [Download] Yalu Jailbreak Gains Support for TSMC iPhone 6s and iPhone SE But Still Has a 'Pretty Serious Bug' Apple Pays Tim Cook Less Following Missed Revenue and Profit Goals Check Out This Vintage Macintosh Charging Stand for the Apple Watch Dell Unveils World's First 8K 32-inch Monitor Apple to Open First Retail Store in South Korea Instagram Adds Support for Wide Color Capture and Display, Live Photos Western Digital Announces SanDisk 256GB USB Flash Drive With 420MB/s Read and 380MB/s Write Speeds Suspected Apple Partner Energous Says Wireless Charging Transmitters Will Begin Shipping by Year's End Incipio OX Case Brings Headphone Jack Back to the iPhone 7 OWC DEC Attaches to the Bottom of the MacBook Pro, Adds USB 3, SD Card Slot, Ethernet, Additional Storage D-Link Unveils New Omna 180 Security Camera With Apple HomeKit Support Leviton Unveils Decora Dimmers and Switches with Apple HomeKit Support The World's First Smart Hairbrush [Video] Apple Announces Chinese New Year Promotion, Free Beats Solo3 Headphones With Purchase of Mac or iPhone Chamberlain Smart Hub Brings Apple HomeKit Support to Almost Any Existing Garage Door Opener Linksys Launches Velop Modular Mesh Wi-Fi System [Video] Moen Announces 'U by Moen' Wi-Fi Shower System That Can Be Controlled By Your iPhone [Video] Apple Says New Year's Day Was the Biggest Day Ever on the App Store Fibaro Unveils First Apple HomeKit-Enabled Flood Sensor, Motion and Door/Window Sensors LIKE   TWEET   SHARE   PIN   SHARE   POST MAIL MORE Posted December 15, 2016 at 4:21pm by iClarified · 6028 views · Translate Fibaro has announced a new home automation line compatible with Apple HomeKit. The first three new devices available are the Fibaro Flood Sensor, Fibaro Motion Sensor and Fibaro Door/Window Sensor. Fibaro is also launching a new app for the devices. All three devices integrate with and can be controlled using the Apple Home app in iOS 10. "Expanding our product line to include support for Apple HomeKit was a natural choice for Fibaro. The HomeKit platform offers a simple and secure solution for expanding the many benefits of smart home to a new category of consumers that up to this point, may not have had the means or knowledge to participate. Working with companies like Apple to expand the mainstream consumer smart home market is very exciting for us," said Rich Bira, Managing Director of Fibaro in the U.S. Fibaro Flood Sensor The Fibaro Flood Sensor is the first water sensing and leak detection device in the Apple HomeKit ecosystem. The Flood Sensor is equipped with gold telescopic probes that detect water as soon as it appears and allows the device to function on uneven surfaces. Featuring an LED indicator along with an acoustic alarm signal to alert users of flooding or tampering, the wireless device can also trigger a smart home scene and notify a user of a problem through the Fibaro app or Apple's Home app. The Flood Sensor also acts as a temperature sensor, making it perfect for areas like a garage or basement. In the cold weather months, ask Siri to check the temp in an unheated area where a Flood Sensor is placed and stay ahead of burst pipes and potential problems. Fibaro Motion Sensor A CES Innovations honoree and an international design award winner, the Fibaro Motion Sensor is actually a multi sensor, measuring movement, ambient temperature and light intensity. It is battery powered and runs on Bluetooth LE wireless technology, and features an eye-shaped LED indicator changes colors to signal motion, temperature level, tampering and light. The clever holder allows you to place the sensor anywhere in the home, even affixed to a wall, ceiling or other surface. The Fibaro Motion Sensor comes equipped with tamper protection thanks to its built-in accelerometer. Any unauthorized attempt to relocate or change the sensor's view angle can trigger an alarm. Fibaro Door/Window Sensor The Door/Window Sensor is a dual contact and temperature sensor that can be placed on any door or window and comes in seven colors to match any décor. Using Bluetooth LE, the battery operated device can be easily installed with provided double adhesive backing and has a low profile. When part of the HomeKit ecosystem, the Door/Window Sensor plays an integral role in the safety, security and convenience of a home. Fibaro App The Fibaro app is a native mobile application designed for Apple HomeKit. The app is designed with user friendly software to make it easy to set up and configure devices with a secure authentication process. Fibaro's HomeKit devices can be controlled with voice using Siri directly from an iPhone, iPad, iPod touch or Apple Watch. With an Apple TV, the app also allows for remote access and management outside the smart home. The Fibaro app gives users extended functionality including device status checks. Pricing and Availability: You can purchase and learn more about the new Fibaro products from the links below. ● Flood Sensor - $69.99 ● Motion Sensor - $69.99 ● Door/Window Sensor - $59.99 Follow iClarified Comments Add Comment Recent Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder News Tutorials Answers Wizards Search Comments Bookmarks Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified Send Us a Tip Contact Us Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder, News, Tutorials, Answers, Wizards, Search, Comments, Bookmarks, Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified, Send Us a Tip, Contact Us Copyright © iClarified. All rights reserved. Privacy. Content.
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Jan 06, 8:05 PM EST Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology Apple Suspends New watchOS 3.1.1 Update After it Bricked Apple Watches By Denisse Moreno On 12/15/16 AT 11:51 AM Close Apple has temporarily pulled the new watchOS 3.1.1 update after complaints from users, Mac Rumors reported. Some Series 2 Apple Watch users said their devices were bricked after the update was installed. Device owners who installed the new update said their devices displayed a red exclamation mark on the screen and directs them to go to www.apple.com/help/watch. The watchOS 3.1.1, which was released earlier this week, has been suspended and is no longer available for download. For users who have not yet updated their device to watchOS 3.1.1, the latest update is now listed as watchOS 3.1 Users who installed the new update and had their devices bricked were instructed by Apple to force a restart on the device by pressing down the side button and the Digital Crown. If that fails to fix the problem, the site then recommend users to take the device to an Apple Store. Related Stories Apple's iOS 10.2 Update Released Today, Here's What's New What You Can Do With the Apple TV's New tvOS 10.1 Update However, restarting the devices did not work for users who had their Apple Watches bricked by the new update, according to Mac Rumors. Also, Apple retail places cannot service the devices in the store because they don’t have access to the diagnostic port. Those who called Apple said they sent the bricked Watch back and are expecting a new one. iOS 10.2 and tvOS 10.1 were also released earlier this week. Those updates came with numerous features and bug fixes. What caused the watchOS 3.1.1. update to brick devices is not yet known. Join the Discussion Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Business Donald Trump Attacks Toyota On Twitter The president-elect has previously targeted other automakers, including General Motors in a recent tweet, and Ford Motor on the campaign trail. Technology NVIDIA, Mercedes-Benz Will Make An AI-Powered Car The two companies announced the partnership at CES this week. World War Over Water? In Central Asia, Uzbekistan, Kyrgyzstan, Kazakhstan and China Battle Over Dry Land Seasonal snow melt generally feeds into area rivers, providing water to communities in Uzbekistan, Kyrgyzstan, Kazakhstan and the Xinjiang region in China. National Esteben Santiago Isn't The First Ex-Serviceman To Turn Weapons On Civilians Reports indicate he served in both the Alaska and Puerto Rico National Guard. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « South Korea's Fair Trade Commission Finds Apple's Carrier Contracts Unfair, Considers Sanctions | Main | Nokia's Revenge: Apple loses a Patent Infringement Case Filed by a Patent Troll using Nokia Patents » December 15, 2016 Apple Ordered to pay $2 Million in Lawsuit Filed by Employees but it's Not Over just Yet   In October 2013 Patently Apple posted a Patently Legal report titled "Apple Store Employee Files Class Action Lawsuit over Lost Wages." The report noted that a full-time non-exempt Apple Store Specialist who worked at both Spokane and San Francisco stores over a two year period has filed a Class Action lawsuit against Apple on behalf of himself and all non-exempt employees who are employed by Apple as non-exempt Specialists, Lead Specialists and Expert Specialists and non-exempt Managers, Senior Managers, Developmental Managers and Business Managers. Specialists and Managers are collectively referred to as Hourly Employees. The nuts and bolts of the complaint revolved around the fact that employees that are paid hourly wages should be compensated for the time lost waiting in lines for mandatory Apple security checks every day. Considering this is a requirement by Apple, employees should be compensated.   CNN Money reports today that "Last Friday Apple was ordered to cut a $2 million check for denying some of its retail workers meal breaks." But it's not over yet as the second half of the case is expected to conclude next week, according to Jeffrey Hogue, one of the attorneys in this case.   About Comments: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.     Posted by Jack Purcher on December 15, 2016 at 01:47 PM in 3. Patently Legal | Permalink Comments The comments to this entry are closed. Search Recent Posts Huawei Begins their Big Squeeze on Samsung in the U.S. Today Canadian Competition Bureau Closes its Investigation into Apple Conducting Anti-Competitive Practices Patent Troll GPNE continues to Fight Apple in China over Infringing Patents related to Cellular technologies We weep to learn that Super Millionaire Tim Cook won't make as many Millions as last year Apple's Virtual Click Wheel Prototype feature for iOS may have been discovered Apple Reportedly Shifting to IGZO TFT-LCD Panels for MacBook Pro Sometime in 2017 While Samsung's Mobile Division Nose Dived this Quarter, other Components gave Samsung a Solid Winning Quarter Apple confirms our Report that the first Flagship Apple Store in South Korea will open later this year Ireland's Sinn Féin Accuses Apple's CEO of being Disrespectful to the Irish People for not attending a Key Hearing Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports 6. Patently Xtra News 7. Snap News 8. Apple-IBM MobileFirst 9. Apple Events & Financial Related Accessories Apple & Market Statistics Apple - Macs Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple iTunes / Apple Music Apple Pay, iWallet, NFC Related Apple Pencil - Smart Pen Apple Store Apple Watch + Other Wearables AppleTV Related Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible, Foldable Facial Recognition & 3D Related Future Interfaces Green Technology Haptics & Tactile iBeacon News + Inductive, Wireless Charging Liquid Metal Location Related, Indoor Mapping Maps Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Reports Projection Related Security Related Smart Bezels + Social Networking Software + OS Solar Energy Sports Related Travel Related Vehicle Related Videos Videos (Reports with) See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
null
Apple CEO Tim Cook meets with Trump at tech summit · PinkNews Enter your email address to receive our daily LGBT news roundup Sign up No thanks You're free to unsubscribe at any time. Follow @pinknews News News Home UK US World Trans Politics Education Law Religion Business Entertainment Trans Opinion Travel Life Life Home Health Sport About Advertise Contact Privacy RSS Search Home UK US World Current Affairs Entertainment Opinion Travel Features Trans Current Affairs Apple CEO Tim Cook meets with Trump at tech summit Nick Duffy, PinkNews 15th December 2016, 3:28 PM (Photo by Drew Angerer/Getty Images) Apple CEO Tim Cook was among tech figures to attend a meeting with President-elect Donald Trump this week. The President-elect held a summit in his New York office representatives from a number of Silicon Valley tech firms, ahead of the election. The meeting was organised by gay Republican tech billionaire Peter Thiel, who is serving on Trump’s transition team. Out Apple boss Tim Cook attended alongside tech figures including Sheryl Sandberg of Facebook, Larry Page of Google, Elon Musk of Tesla, and Jeff Bezos of Amazon. VP Mike Pence was also present. Mr Cook was separate;y invited to privately meet with Trump after the summit. Though details of the conversation are off-the-books, Trump reportedly told the group: “There’s nobody like the people in this room, and anything we can do to help this go along we’re going to do that for you. “You call my people, you call me, it doesn’t make any difference. We have no formal chain of command.” With the exception of Mr Thiel, few major tech figures appeared welcoming towards the prospect of a Trump presidency during the campaign. It was recently revealed that Hillary Clinton considered picking Mr Cook as her Vice Presidential running mate. An email that surfaced after an illegal hack of the Clinton campaign revealed Cook was one of a few unexpected people included in an early list of potential candidates. Clinton campaign chair John Podesta sent the email to the Presidential candidate on March 17th 2016, calling it a “first cut of people to consider for VP,” organized “in rough food groups.” Mr Cook did not make the final shortlist and she eventually picked Senator Tim Kaine. Cook has been a vocal supporter of LGBT rights since he came out in 2014, and the Human Rights Campaign honoured him for his work last year. 11 reader comments Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Previous story America's Got Talent star with a transgender sister is performing at Trump's inauguration Next story Terrifying footage shows men smash up Waffle House after 'sissy boy' insult More like this WATCH: James Corden does meat dress drag for Lady Gaga’s Carpool Karaoke Apple CEO Tim Cook was one of Hillary Clinton’s vice presidential candidates Watch Apple boss Tim Cook show off his singing skills in James Corden’s latest Carpool Karaoke Barbra Streisand called Apple CEO Tim Cook to complain Siri says her name wrong Apple joins fight for equal marriage in Australia India PM Modi will host gay Apple boss Tim Cook for visit… despite keeping homosexuality illegal Apple fanboy plans to stop gay marriage by fighting to marry his Macbook UK spy chief apologises for GCHQ’s historic ban on gay staff More: Gay LGBT Equality Donald Trump Trump Apple tim cook ceo ST Test Trending Trending Now Ellen explains why she banned homophobic singer from talk show Vivica A Fox says gay people aren’t welcome in her all-male strip club Amber Rose says she’s ‘uncomfortable’ with dating a bi guy National Geographic films teenager undergoing gender surgery Trending Ellen explains why she banned homophobic singer from talk show Vivica A Fox says gay people aren’t welcome in her all-male strip club Amber Rose says she’s ‘uncomfortable’ with dating a bi guy National Geographic films teenager undergoing gender surgery Latest stories IBM unveils rainbow logo in protest against anti-LGBT legislation Joe Biden tells ‘mindless’ Donald Trump to ‘be an adult’ Vandals smash up LGBT centre in Pennsylvania Michelle Obama celebrates ‘glorious diversity’ in emotional final speech as First Lady Amber Rose says she’s ‘uncomfortable’ with dating a bi guy Australia watched a ton of lesbian porn while blocking their right to marry © 2017 PinkNews Terms Contact Advertise
Share Tweet iPad Air 3 rumours: folding 10.9in screen, March 2017 launch Search Macworld All All News Reviews Features How-Tos Downloads Apple Apple News Apple Reviews Mac Mac Reviews MacBook Reviews Mac News How To Mac Software Reviews Mac Software Downloads iPad iPad Reviews iPad App Reviews iPad News iPad How To iPhone iPhone Reviews iPhone App Reviews iPhone News iPhone How To News Apple Mac Mac Software iPad iPhone iOS Apps Reviews MacBook iMac Mac Pro Mac mini Mac Software iPhone iPad iPod iOS Apps Apple TV Apple Watch iOS and Mac Accessories How To Mac Mac Software iPad iPhone iOS Apps Forums Macworld forum Deals Open Menu Share This Twitter Facebook Google+ YouTube RSS Hot Topics iPhone 7s release date rumours Apple Watch 2 Apple AirPods release date rumours Best iPhone buying guide 2017 spon-art Latest Apple Deals » Home News iPad News New iPad Air 3 release date rumours UK | iPad Air 3 specs, UK price & features New iPad Air 3 release date rumours UK | iPad Air 3 specs, UK price & new features rumours: Launch expected March 2017, predictions of 'folding 10.9-inch screen' When will the iPad Air 3 come out - or whatever Apple calls its next 9.7-inch iPad model? And, following the iPad Air 2's second birthday, is Apple killing off the iPad Air line... or even the entire Air brand, laptops and all? Let's look at the evidence, in our iPad Air 3 release date UK rumour roundup. Latest: reports claim iPad Air 3 will launch in March of this year, and an analyst has predicted that Apple will release a folding iPad by David Price | 04 Jan 17 Share Tweet Send ﻿ Hi. I saw this on Macworld UK and thought you should see it too. Comments Contents Release date Poll - How often do you update your iPad? Design Tech specs Price New features wishlist When will the iPad Air 3 come out in the UK? And what design, tech specs, new features and UK price should we expect from Apple's next mid-size (9.7-inch) iPad, whether it's called iPad Air 3, iPad Pro 2, just plain iPad, The New iPad or something else? Finally, is Apple killing off the iPad Air brand - or even the entire Air brand, laptops and all? The most recent mid-size iPad was announced in March 2016, but it wasn't the new iPad Air 3 we had expected; instead, Apple unveiled its 9.7-inch iPad Pro, featuring improved specs, design tweaks and more. Does this mean Apple has finished with the iPad Air line, sticking to Pro branding for both 9.7- and 12.9-inch iPads in future? (And maybe even releasing an iPad Pro mini or iPad Pro 7.9in instead of the iPad mini 5?) Or will it carry on releasing 9.7-inch iPads in both Pro and Air configurations, much as it has done with the MacBook Air and MacBook Pro? Does the iPad Air have a future? In this article we look at rumours about the the iPad Air 3's release date in the UK, and talk about possible new features and design changes to expect. Bookmark this page and check back regularly for the latest information: as rumours circulate and news leaks out, we'll update it with everything you need to know about the new iPad Air 3: design, features, size and specifications, the differences between the next-gen iPad Air 3 and the current iPad Air 2, the iPad Air 3's UK launch date and likely UK pricing, and much, much more. Last updated on 15 December 2016, to talk about predictions of a Westworld-style folding iPad; on 6 Dec, to refresh our wishlist of new iPad features; on 29 Nov, to discuss rumours of a new line of iPads with a 10.9-inch screen; on 15 Nov, to adjust our predictions of the iPad Air 3's UK price based on recent changes for other Apple hardware; and on 1 Nov, to discuss the rumour that the iPad Air 3 will launch in March 2017, and be the last ever Air-branded tablet. iPad buying advice: If you're more interested in the current iPad range, read our 12.9-inch iPad Pro review, 9.7-inch iPad Pro review and iPad Air 2 review, and our iPad mini 4 review and iPad mini 2 review. And remember to check our iPad buying guide 2017 and best cheap iPad deals UK. iPad Air 3 release date rumours UK: Release date With no new iPads appearing at either Apple's September iPhone 7 launch or at its October MacBook Pro event, March 2017 looks like the next logical timing for new iPads. Long, long ago - and wrongly - we predicted an October 2015 launch date for the iPad Air 3. This seemed logical: the iPad Air 2 was unveiled on 16 October 2014; the iPad Air 1 on 22 October 2013. This is Apple's traditional iPad release schedule, and the announcement of iOS 9 at WWDC 2015 on 8 June, same as every year, suggested that things were proceeding as usual. But 2015 was a surprising year for iPad announcements. At the September press briefing, where we would traditionally expect to hear about iPhones, iPhones and more iPhones, Apple gave the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus some company, in the form of the giant iPad Pro, and the petite iPad mini 4. But iPad Air 3 came there none, either at the September event or in October 2015. Apple instead refreshed its mid-size iPad range the following March, and called it the iPad Pro 9.7in. iPad Air 3 release date UK: March 2017 launch - but iPad Air 3 'will be last in Air line' Some pundits - reported by NeuroGadget, among others - are predicting that the iPad Air 3 will be unveiled in March 2017... alongside the iPad Pro 2. Perhaps they're right, but this seems off to us, and appears to go against the strategy Apple has been pursuing with its tablets in recent years. Having a brand-new (presumably 9.7-inch) iPad Air alongside new iPad Pros of the same screen size would be confusing for customers, and it's hard to see how Apple would differentiate the two. Would the iPad Pro 2 be faster than the iPad Air 3? How much faster does it need to be, given that the iPad Pro 9.7-inch is already far quicker than is necessary to run any app on the App Store? Would the iPad Air 3 be slower than the iPad Pro 9.7in? Would the iPad Air 3 be thinner than the Pro 2, when the Pro 9.7in is already only 6.1mm thick? There are surely ways round this, but it would present a headache for Apple's marketing department. The differentiation was easier to maintain for the MacBooks, partly because laptop buyers tend to be tech-savvier on average (and are liable to put in more pre-purchase research) than tablet buyers, but also because laptops have more room for difference in terms of specs and the like. Someone who just wants to read their email can settle for a netbook or Chromebook, while a video editor needs a laptop that's vastly more powerful. But the current iPad range is as fast as anyone could possibly want. Releasing a new tier of products on top, aimed at creative professionals, seems redundant. Releasing a new (slower?) tier of products below, aimed at casual and budget users, would be deeply unlike Apple, which always chases the premium market in any given sector. And seems unnecessary too, given that older iPads are still available. Content continues below So we're not exactly convinced by this. Apple may choose to release another iPad Air, but to release it at the same time as a new iPad Pro would a branding challenge, to say the least. Separately, those same reports also predict that the iPad Air 3 will be the last Air-branded tablet Apple release. To wait this long, release one more Air tablet, then pack up the brand for good? Seems... strange. Still, we shall see. iPad Air 3 release date UK: iPad Air 2's second birthday It's been well over two years since the iPad Air 2 was first shown off to the world's media. Back in 2014, Apple used to schedule separate iPhone and iPad launch events in consecutive months in autumn, and the iPad Air 2 (and underwhelming iPad mini 3) were revealed on 16 October, just over a month after the iPhone 6. (What an act to follow!) As we discuss above and below, some pundits think a successor to the iPad Air 2 will be launched soon. Perhaps it will. But now that we've passed the two-year anniversary of the Air 2's launch with no word on the iPad Air 3 (and almost no movement on MacBook Air updates), we need to start facing facts: Apple appears to have lost interest in the Air brand. A two-year hiatus is enormous in the world of tablet updates. iPad Air 3 release date UK: The end of the Air brand There are widespread rumours that Apple has finished with the Air line, and will in future focus on the (7.9-inch) mini and (9.7-inch and 12.9-inch) Pro ranges - or even just unite everything under the Pro branding, with the various lines differentiated by size. Our feeling, based on the lack of love shown to the MacBook Air recently, is that Apple is moving towards a twin-brand model for its laptops: a MacBook, and a MacBook Pro. Likewise, we could see a product or line of products called simply 'iPad', to sit alongside the Pro models. iPad Air 3 release date UK: Onsale date rumours When will the iPad Air 3 go on sale in the UK? There's usually a delay of about 10 days between the announcement and the devices going on sale. If the Air 3 launches in late March 2017, for example, then expect it to hit UK shops in early April. There are occasionally shortages when a major Apple product launches, so those who are desperate to get their hands on the Air 3 would be wise to place a pre-order if possible. (Pre-ordering using Apple's own Apple Store app rather than on the website often appears to give you a head start that could make all the difference.) Read next: Best cheap iPad deals UK | iPad reviews | How to set up a new iPad | How to speed up a slow iPad iPad Air 3 release date rumours UK: Poll - How often do you update your iPad? The iPad Air 3 may arrive in spring, but not every iPad owner will make the upgrade. How often do you buy a new iPad? iPad Air 3 release date rumours UK: Design Let's look next at the iPad Air 3's physical design. What will the iPad Air 3 look (and feel) like? iPad Air 3 design rumours: Folding iPad Gene Munster - perhaps the most famous Apple analyst out there, albeit mainly for consistently getting it wrong when predicting an Apple television - has predicted that Apple will release a folding iPad. The prediction, reported by Apple Must, is based on Apple's recent patent activity; as we've reported in our iPhone 8 rumour roundup, the firm has taken out a number of 'folding device' patents that seemingly apply to the iPhone, but the larger and less portable iPads actually seem more amenable to such a development. Munster may have been influenced by a popular current TV show, Westworld. In this series, which centres around a Western-themed park where realistic android 'hosts' interact with human 'guests' living out their fantasies, the programmers of the hosts all use neat folding tablets. It's actually one of the most remarked-upon elements of the show's aesthetic, and makes a lot of sense (if you can solve the technical challenges). iPad Air 3 design rumours: Smart Connector for Smart Keyboard... It's an obvious logical progression from the 12.9- and 9.7-inch iPad Pro models, but it seems likely that the iPad Air 3 will have a Smart Connector on the lefthand edge for attaching a Smart Keyboard Cover. Most iPad accessories are dependent on their own battery power - even the Apple Pencil has to be recharged, albeit very quickly, when it runs out of charge - but the Smart Connector allows a connected keyboard cover to draw power from the iPad's battery. In the larger iPad Pro's case, that means a very long usage time, since it has a monster battery; hopefully the iPad Air 3 will be able to offer something impressive in that department too. iPad Air 3 design rumours: ...and Apple Pencil compatibility When Apple launched the 12.9-inch iPad Pro, it was the only tablet that was compatible with the Apple Pencil. That made sense at the time - it was a unique selling point for Apple's most expensive tablet. But plenty of iPad Air owners have told us they would dearly love to be able to use the Pencil, one of the best styluses on the market, with their device, and it would be reasonable to add compatibility to a wider range of devices over the coming year. Apple started that process with the 9.7-inch Pro, and we expect Pencil capabilities to diffuse downwards through the range. iPad Air 3 design rumours: 10.9-inch screen An upgrade mentioned in the new features wishlist later in this article, and which sounds like it may happen: a larger screen. More specifically, a screen that's larger than that of the iPad Air 2, but smaller than the 12.9-inch display on the larger iPad Pro model. Barclays Research has predicted that Apple will unveil three new iPad Pro 2 models in March 2017: new 9.7-inch and 12.9-inch models, and a 10.9-inch version that sits in between. The inbetweener will actually have a chassis that's the same size as the iPad Air 2, while achieving the extra screen space by removing the bezel - which may mean the removal of the Home button. Whether Apple will carry over these changes to the Air line as well remains to be seen. iPad Air 3 design rumours: Thinner than iPad Air 2 Physically, it's rumoured that the next iPad Air will be… wait for it… thinner than its predecessor. It's generally a sound prediction to make, given that the iPad Air 1 was thinner than the iPad 4 and the iPad Air 2 was thinner than the iPad Air 1. The iPad Air 2 is already really thin, mind you, and we do sometimes wonder how much thinner tablets need to get before the compromises start to outweigh the benefits. The Air 2 is sturdy and has stood up to more than a year's heavy and frequent use, but we still recall the nervousness with which we handled it in the early days: it's hard to see an even more slender iPad Air 3 inspiring a great deal of confidence in its ability to withstand bending, chucking on a sofa, holding by one edge etc. (Note that the iPad Pro 9.7in, which improves on the iPad Air 2 in most other respects, is the same thickness.) If batteries are getting smaller, couldn't they just keep it the same size and incorporate a higher-capacity battery unit, and give us a few more hours away from the charger? Indeed, one rumour suggests that the Air 3's thinner chassis will actually mean it has a lower-capacity battery unit than the Air, which seems crazy to us. (Even though improvements in battery technology could mean that this lower-capacity unit actually lasts for a comparable length of time in practice, it seems barmy to consciously choose not to improve battery life when simply keeping the same capacity unit would achieve this.) iPad Air 3 design rumours: 7000-series aluminium body We mentioned above our general nervousness that a thinner iPad Air 3 would also be less robust. But one other change to its physical design could help with that. The Tampa Bay Review thinks the iPad Air 3 is likely to be made of 7000-series aluminium, like the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus. There's a certain logic to this: spending the extra cash on stronger materials to make the newest iPhones more bend-proof than their predecessors was a popular move after the (possibly overstated) traumas of Bendgate. But it does raise the question of why the iPad Pro (which is more valuable) and the iPad mini 4 (which is more portable, and therefore more likely to get crammed into a pocket) missed out on this upgrade. If the Air 3 is thinner than either of those devices then we have an answer, but that only poses another: what is it about the Air lineup in particular that makes it more deserving of a super-thin body than those other Apple tablets? iPad Air 3 design rumours: Colour options Like the 9.7-inch iPad Pro, we'd expect the iPad Air 3 to be available in four colours: silver, gold, Space Grey and Rose Gold. Black and Jet Black, the matt and gloss new colour finishes available for the iPhone 7, are also possibilities. Every year someone suggests that the next iPad will come in the bright primary colours of the iPhone 5c and every year that person is disappointed. We don't expect the iPad Air 3 to be particularly colourful (except for the two fairly muted gold finishes). iPad Air 3 design rumours: Concept showcases everything iPad Air 3 should be Although we've not seen many leaks for the iPad Air 3, the latest concept video to hit the Internet showcases everything that the unannounced tablet should feature - Smart connector, a flush camera and, more importantly, 3D Touch support. Apart from that, the concept tablet looks similar to the iPad Pro 9.7in but with smaller bezels at the sides of the display. Take a look at the concept video below: iPad Air 3 release date rumours UK: Tech specs It's time to look deeper into the iPad Air 3. What do the latest rumours say about the iPad Air 3's specs? iPad Air 3 specs rumours: Processor and speed The iPad Air 2 got a new processor chip, the A8X - a souped-up version of the iPhone 6's A8. This has three billion transistors and offers (Apple says) 40 percent faster performance than the iPad Air 1's A7 chip in most apps and up to 2.5x graphics performance. Read next: Best iPad games | Best free iPad games It would be a big shock if Apple didn't upgrade the processor again when it launches the iPad Air 3, and it doesn't take a genius to predict that the iPad Air 3's chip will be an A9 or an A9X, and very speedy indeed. The iPad Pro 9.7in has an A9X processor. Read next: Apple rumours & predictions for 2017 | iPad mini 5 rumours iPad Air 3 specs: Rear-facing camera gains LED flash The iPad Pro 9.7in is the first iPad in history to feature a flash. This is attached to the rear-facing camera, but the front-facing camera also gets the Retina Flash feature, whereby the entire screen is induced to light up as a sort of substitute flash. We feel that the iPad Air 3 is likely to get one or both of these upgrades too. The genie is clearly out of the bottle when it comes to iPad photography: as annoying as you find it when someone holds up their iPad to video a concert, the iPad range are being used as cameras, and Apple knows this. Just look at the hyperbole and feature list here. And a flash is a big gap to have in a device's photographic armour. iPad Air 3 specs: No 3D Touch Ming-Chi Kuo, one of the most famous Apple pundits out there, predicted that 3D Touch wouldn't make an appearance in the iPad Pro 9.7in, and this proved correct. In a research paper, Kuo predicted that the a new iPad would launch in the first half of 2016 but wouldn't get the marquee feature from the flagship iPhones. In the past, Apple has frequently introduced a new feature on the iPhone line and then dispersed it through other iOS devices - Retina displays, Siri, Touch ID - and plenty of analysts have made the obvious logical leap of assuming that 3D Touch will migrate to iPad at some point. Ming-Chi Kuo was the most authoritative voice to doubt this. It would seem strange to allow this popular (if still fairly niche) feature to appear on the iPad Air 3 if it isn't on the iPad Pro, so we assume 3D Touch on iPad will have to wait for a while longer. Read next: 3D Touch tips iPad Air 3 specs: Screen resolution Back in 2014, we wondered if the iPad Air 2 might get a screen upgrade from the Air 1, possibly gaining the Retina HD designation given to the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus. But its display is largely the same, with the same resolution and size. (One screen modification Apple did talk about was an anti-reflective coating: a nice - if unglamorous - upgrade.) And this idea has been floated again this year. Back in September 2015 the Chinese-language site MyDrivers (link to translation) made some grand claims about the iPad Air 3's specifications. Most eye-catching among these is the unexpected prediction that Apple will increase the resolution and therefore pixel density of the screen on its next mid-size iPad. MyDrivers reckons the Air 3 will get a bump up to 401 pixels per inch (matching the iPhone 6s Plus), which translates on a 9.7-inch screen into a resolution of 3112 x 2334. (This compares to 2048 x 1536 at 264ppi on both the Air 1 and Air 2.) Pixel density is a measure of how tightly pixels are packed on a screen, and increasing it so much would result in an appreciably sharper screen - even though Apple used to maintain that 264ppi was plenty on devices of this form factor. Moving up to 401ppi on the Air 3 would be a major step forward for Apple, which has previously applied its Retina marketing label to 9.7-inch tablets rated at 264ppi on the basis that they are held further away from the eye than smartphones or even mini tablets (the Retina-rated mini 2 and mini 4 both have a pixel density of 326ppi, matching the non-Plus iPhones). There is a simple reason why we don't think this is likely to happen. As well as smashing past the pixel density of half of Apple's smartphones, including the just-released and Retina HD-rated iPhone 6s (326ppi), all of which would be held far closer to the face than the iPad Air 3, it would also show up the iPad Pro, which has a pixel density of 264ppi. And the iPad Pro is a very expensive top-end device that is clearly positioned as Apple's flagship tablet. It's hard to imagine anyone happily paying top dollar for a 264ppi Pro when there's a 401ppi Air 3 for, presumably, about £200 less. Oh, and we dread to think what such a large bump in resolution would do to battery life. The iPhone 6 Plus got round that because its larger size allowed it to include a bigger battery, but we're hearing that the Air 3 will be thinner than the Air 2. iPad Air 3 release date rumours UK: Price We expect it to cost pretty much what the iPad Air 2 cost when it launched - and it launched with a base price of £399. These days the iPad Air 2's UK price starts at £379 for the 32GB model in Wi-Fi only, moving up to £469 for 128GB Wi-Fi. The 3G/cellular models cost £120 more at each configuration: £499 for the 32GB model and £589 for 128GB. (These prices have all dropped since the Air 2 was launched - in stark contrast with the prices of most other Apple hardware, which has gone up since the Brexit vote - and the lowest storage capacities have been phased out.) Mind you, a better comparison point might be the iPad Pro 9.7. That device currently starts at an altogether more intimidating £549, and rises to £849 for the 256GB cellular model. With the iPad Air 3 filling in its predecessors' price points, the iPad Air 2 may drop further in price; the iPad Air 1 is likely to be discontinued. Apple usually tries to keep its range simple. iPad Air 3 release date rumours UK: New features wishlist So much for the rumours concerning the iPad Air 3's design changes, specs and new features. But what new features would we add to the device if we were in Jony Ive's shoes? Here's our iPad Air 3 feature wish list. Some are brand-new wishes: perhaps ideas triggered by issues with Apple's latest line of iPads. Others are features we've been asking for since before the iPad Air 2 but weren't included in that device. Let us know what features you want to see in the iPad Air 3 in the comments, or let us know on Twitter. iPad Air 3 feature wish list: Larger screen You can never be too rich, or too thin, or have too much screen space. In fact, there would be plenty of negatives attached to increasing the iPad Air 2's screen size from its current 9.7in diagonal: mainly increasing the bulk of the device (and having to incorporate a bigger and heavier battery to power the screen for as long), thereby reducing its fantastic portability. But a bigger screen would make the iPad Air more adaptable as a work device, and more immersive for entertainment, so who cares about practicalities? In fact, since we wrote this wishlist, Apple has unveiled an iPad with a bigger screen; it just isn't called the iPad Air 3. Go and read our 12.9-inch iPad Pro review for more on that one. We think the iPad Air line will continue to be based around a 9.7in screen. Chances of happening (on the Air line at any rate): low iPad Air 3 feature wish list: Faster processor This too is an obvious one, and something that has happened in essentially every iOS device update: a new, faster processor chip. But is it actually something to be wishing for? The iPad Air 2 is fast enough to run every current app with ease, and on most apps you won't notice any different in performance between it and the iPad Air 1 (iPad Air 1 vs iPad Air 2 comparison). The iPad Air is effectively faster than it needs to be, and apps are trying their best to catch up. The iPad Air 3 (or iPad 7) doesn't need to be any faster. It'll probably get a new chip, and there's a good chance it'll be a bit faster, but maybe Apple will go for greater power-efficiency instead?  Yeah, who are we kidding? You've got to be able to boast about processing speeds at the launch announcement. Chances of happening: nailed on iPad Air 3 feature wish list: Improved camera The last of our recurring requests that crop up every time. Of course an improved camera would be nice, but we wouldn't cite it as an essential, since the iPad is used less for its camera than Apple's smartphones (less, although tablet camera use is growing all the time), and it's got pretty good anyway. A smartphone needs a great camera; a tablet doesn't. Chances of happening: mid to low iPad Air 3 feature wish list: Face recognition Ah, something more interesting! What if the iPad Air 3 uses facial recognition to unlock the device? Face-recognition is already available in the Camera app, but that's facial recognition only in the sense of recognising that something is a face, rather than recognising which one it is - which makes this one a long shot. It does also seem a bit unnecessary, given that Apple has the Touch ID technology, and so does the iPad Air 2. If it wants to do convenient, biometric authentication it can use that.  Chances of happening: low iPad Air 3 feature wish list: Full Apple Pay This one is slightly complicated. The iPad Air 2 and iPad mini 3 gained Touch ID fingerprint scanners - one of the components required to use the new Apple Pay online/instore payment service, which allows you to pay for things in shops by scanning your iPhone 6 or 6 Plus and touching the fingerprint scanner. And indeed both models can use Apple Pay in the US. (Apple Pay hasn't launched in the UK at time of writing, but it will make its UK launch in July.) But they get only a limited, partial version of Apple Pay: one that doesn't work in shops. Instead they use the online and app-based versions of Apple Pay, which use Touch ID but don't require the NFC wireless antenna component used when scanning the iPhone 6 on an instore receiver. A further complication is the discovery of NFC antennae in both devices when they were disassembled; perhaps these could be activated in future and allow for full Apple Pay. Or perhaps they are intended for some other purpose. Either way, we'd like to at least have the option of instore Apple Pay with the next generation of iPads. Admittedly the average customer is a lot less likely to whip out a full-size iPad at the till, but we thought something similar about iPad photography. Chances of happening: fairly high - especially now that Apple Pay has come to the Mac iPad Air 3 feature wish list: Live multitasking "The fact that you cannot use multiple applications at the same time is a little annoying," said Product Reviews when discussing potential new features for the iPad Air 2, "and it would definitely be a great feature if Apple could add it in. For example you could update your Twitter feed in a sidebar whilst watching a video or check your emails whilst reading an article." We didn't get it in the iPad Air 2, and it still makes sense for the iPad Air 3, although you'd probably need a bigger screen to be able to use this practically. And maybe it's more of an iOS 9 thing. Even as a software update it seems very radical indeed for something that (I think) is a niche requirement. How many people check their emails while continuing to read an article or watch a video? Chances of happening: low UPDATE: Scratch that. Chances of happening: definite. Multitasking capabilities arrived with iOS 9: iPad Air 3 feature wish list: Improved stylus support "I'd like to see more attention paid to the display sensor technology that allows for the next generation of fine tip electronic styluses to be used more effectively and accurately," wrote MacObserver ahead of the launch of the iPad Air 2. Since then Apple has launched the Apple Pencil stylus alongside the two iPad Pro models - the only devices that are compatible with it. We wouldn't be surprised if the iPad Air 3 gets Apple Pencil support.  Chances of happening: decent (albeit the Apple Pencil) iPad Air 3 feature wish list: Subwoofer and other audio/speaker improvements The iPad's audio output could be improved; this is certainly true. (The iPad Air 2 has stereo speaker units, but they are so close together that their output is effectively mono.) Yet there are limits on the richness of the audio a slim and portable unit can produce; I suspect that the average iPad owner would rather buy a separate wireless speaker than add any noticeable weight to the iPad Air's chassis. A touch more bass output would substantially improve the iPad as a games unit, mind you, and it would be great for film fans.  Chances of happening: decent (the iPad Pro models have quad speakers) iPad Air 3 feature wish list: Increase the storage baseline "iPads tend to accumulate a lot of stuff," pointed out MacObserver. "Apps, movies and music that make a 16GB iPad an anachronism. Here's hoping..." In fact, Apple phased out the popular 32GB model instead, leaving the iPad Air 2 (and the iPad mini 3 and iPhone 6 handsets) with an oddly lopsided line-up of 16GB, 64GB and 128GB. Will Apple phase out the 16GB iPad? It's going to happen at some point - remember the 8GB iPad? - but maybe not quite yet. Plenty of users store work documents and photos in the cloud, rarely game and use a small number of lightweight apps.  Chances of happening: nailed on (Apple has bumped up the storage baselines across its iPad and iPhone ranges. All iPads now start at 32GB, and Pro models top out at 256GB. Hooray!) iPad Air 3 feature wish list: Memory card slot We'll say right away: this would be nice in some respects but is highly unlikely. Apple's philosophy embraces the closed box: the complete product experience bought ready-to-use and held apart from user tinkering and upgrades. Without mentioning that this would encourage buyers to go for the lower-capacity iPads and fill the shortfall with removable memory. And it would ruin the iPad's clean lines.  Chances of happening: no way iPad Air 3 feature wish list: Bluetooth mouse support It's been argued that touch is less accurate than mouse (or similar) input, and that Apple's more work-oriented users would enjoy being able to use wireless mice with their iPad Air 3. If we were talking about the Mac OS X-running iPad Pro that some have discussed, this would be a no-brainer, but this would call for a major rethink of how iOS works, and we don't think that's likely.  Chances of appearing: low iPad Air 3 feature wish list: Wireless charging At the moment wireless charging is big let-down, offering only minor convenience rather than the quantum leap it appears to promise. The Air Voltage Qi Chargers are an example of a (comparatively) recent take on the concept: you buy a case for your device, and a separate charging mat. Simply laying the cased iPhone on the mat starts up the charging process - but it has to touch the mat, and the mat itself has to be plugged in.  If Apple incorporated the technology in the chassis of the iPad so that you don't have to bother with a particular case then it would be far more appealing. If you could increase the range of the charge transmission so that, for example, you just need to be sitting with a couple of feet of the charger for the device in your pocket to start charging - then we'd be talking. Chances of appearing: still seems unlikely, although we're hearing more and more rumours about this appearing on the iPhone 8. Read page 2 for the rumours and predictions we collected in advance of the iPad Air 2's press event. See for yourself how much we (and the rest of the industry) got right, and how much we got wrong! >> Read on… Pages 1 2 Tags: iPad , iPad Air , iPad Pro Share this article Share Tweet Send ﻿ Hi. I saw this on Macworld UK and thought you should see it too. Comments Trending Stories iOS 10 release date UK | iOS new features | Which iPhones & iPads run iOS 10? Protect your Apple ID: two-factor authentication vs two-step verification iPhone 8 release date rumours UK | iPhone 8 specs & new features Read More Comments Latest Stories iPhone 8 release date rumours UK | iPhone 8 specs & new features 2 hours ago Protect your Apple ID: two-factor authentication vs two-step verification 3 hours ago iPad Pro 2 release date rumours UK | iPad Pro 2017 new features, specs, price 05 Jan 17 Read More Latest Apple Rumours macOS Sierra best new features | Complete guide to macOS Sierra 25 Oct 16 New MacBook 2016 release date, price, specs rumours UK 09 Dec 16 iPhone 8 release date rumours UK | iPhone 8 specs & new features 2 hours ago Read More Latest Apple Reviews AirPods review: Apple's AirPods bring true intelligence to wireless earbuds 04 Jan 17 MacBook Pro Touch Bar vs MacBook Pro 2016 02 Jan 17 Apple Watch 2 review | Apple Watch Series 2 review: Virtually perfect 21 Dec 16 Read More Latest Apple Reviews Advertisement Mi Mix review: Revolutionary Xiaomi Mi Mix is breathtaking with its bezel-less display, gorgeous… 1995-2015: How technology has changed the world in 20 years VFX Oscar nominees 2017: Discover how the visual effects were created Apple AirPods review: Apple's beautiful new Bluetooth headphones bring true intelligence to… News Reviews How To Digital Magazines Apple Tech Deals Forums Apple Mac iPhone iPad Mac Downloads About Macworld Contact Site Map Information for advertisers Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Cookies UK Tech Weekly Podcast:Soundcloud/ iTunes Follow Macworld on Twitter Follow Macworld on Facebook © Copyright 2017 IDG UK. All Rights Reserved.
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Apple’s AirPods and the best cord-free competition compared Trending in Apple 2017 & Beyond: What’s next for Mac, and what of its longer-term future? Trending in Apple Comment: OWC’s ‘DEC’ attachment highlights the portability progress Apple has made with the MacBook Pro Trending in Apple Opinion: Why the LG 5K UltraFine isn’t the MacBook Pro display I’m looking for Trending in Apple Poll: What rumored iPhone 8 feature excites you the most? Trending in Apple Apple in 2017: What’s next for Mac, iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch & Apple TV this year December 15, 2016 AAPL: 115.82 0.63 New patents refer to Apple Pencil working with iPhone, show use with iMovie & more Ben Lovejoy - Dec. 15th 2016 7:04 am PT @benlovejoy iPhone Patent Apple Pencil View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit A series of new patents spotted by Patently Apple refer to the Apple Pencil working with an iPhone, as well as illustrating it being used with additional stock iOS apps like iMovie. A comment by Tim Cook back in September seemed to suggest that Apple is already testing the Apple Pencil with an iPhone … If you’ve ever seen what can be created with that pencil on an iPad or an iPhone, it’s really unbelievable. A poll of more than 10,000 9to5Mac readers found that a third of you definitely wanted to use the Apple Pencil with an iPhone. Apple has also been granted a patent for use of the Apple Pencil with a Mac trackpad. An earlier report also suggested that Apple was testing use of the Apple Pencil in a range of stock apps on the iPad, including Mail, Messages and Safari. The patents include use in Messages, and also appear to show it being used for video editing in iMovie. We throw in our usual disclaimer that Apple patents way more things that it ever launches, but given the evidence in this case, support for both the iPhone and a wider range of stock apps on the iPad would seem to be more likely than not. Guides iPhone View THe Guide Patent View THe Guide Apple Pencil View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
MLive Michigan Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw All Michigan Menu Home Set Your Edition Michigan News Sports High School Sports Weather Business Obituaries/In Memoriam Jobs Autos Real Estate Entertainment Food & Dining Lifestyle Opinion Photos & Videos Become a Member Classifieds Celebrations Find&Save Local Businesses Place an Ad Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Automotive Crime Databases Education Environment Health Lottery Obituaries Politics & Elections U.S. & World Weather Regions News subscriptions Back to Main Menu Statewide Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Grand Rapids-Area Towns Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Back to Main Menu Newsletters Our Newspapers RSS Feeds Back to Main Menu Lions Pistons Red Wings Tigers Broncos Cardinals Chippewas Eagles Lakers Spartans Wolverines Small Colleges More Sports Back to Main Menu Auto Racing Boxing Golf Outdoors West Michigan Whitecaps Great Lakes Loons Grand Rapids Griffins Kalamazoo Cobras Kalamazoo Wings Muskegon Lumberjacks Saginaw Spirit Flint Firebirds Kalamazoo Growlers Grand Rapids Drive Back to Main Menu Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Football Wrestling Boys Ice Hockey Boys Swimming Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Competitive Cheer Girls Gymnastics Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Girls Ice Hockey Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Girls Volleyball Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Baseball Softball Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Water Polo Girls Water Polo Field Hockey Boys Rowing Girls Rowing Boys Rugby Equestrian Back to Main Menu Forecasts from Mark Torregrossa Michigan Weather News Radar & More Back to Main Menu Automotive Statewide Ann Arbor Jackson & Lansing Metro Detroit Mid-Michigan West Michigan More Business Back to Main Menu Business Resource Center Michigan Jobs Press Releases Back to Main Menu View current obituaries Place obituary Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Dining Out Event Listings Post an Event Michigan's Best Movies & Reviews Music & Reviews Comics Celebrities Puzzles Back to Main Menu Dining Out Cooking & Recipes Healthy Eating Michigan's Best Beer Drinks Wine Back to Main Menu Celebrations Health & Fitness Home & Garden Travel Back to Main Menu By Region Back to Main Menu Statewide Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Back to Main Menu Videos Ann Arbor Photos Bay City Photos Detroit Photos Flint Photos Grand Rapids Photos Jackson Photos Kalamazoo Photos Lansing Photos Muskegon Photos Saginaw Photos Back to Main Menu Manage your Subscriptions My Michigan Membership Benefits eReplica Newsletters Our Newspapers RSS Feeds Back to Main Menu Ann Arbor/Detroit Jackson/Lansing Flint Saginaw Bay City Grand Rapids Muskegon Kalamazoo/Battle Creek Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw All Michigan Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search MLive Account Sign In Close Sign in to MLive You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News Michigan Change Region comments A new (and heck, smart) weapon against gift card fraud Bamboozled: A new protection against gift card fraud Print Email Karin Price Mueller | NJ Advance Media for NJ.com By Karin Price Mueller | NJ Advance Media for NJ.com MLive.com Email the author | Follow on Twitter on December 15, 2016 at 10:10 AM, updated December 15, 2016 at 10:14 AM comments A quick pit-stop in CVS yielded the unexpected. On the public address system came a warning. "The IRS and other government agencies will never require you to use a specific payment method for your bills, such as prepaid debit cards, iTunes cards or other gift cards," it said. "If anyone calls you and demands that you buy gift cards to pay a bill, hang up and report the incident to the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration at TIGTA.gov." A fraud warning? In a store? In a store where people can buy gift cards -- gift cards that are often used for scams? It was like Christmas came early for Bamboozled.   We reached out to CVS to say, "Hey, this is awesome!" and to ask for additional information. We learned the message was part of a partnership between Apple and the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration (TIGTA) in an effort to warn consumers about gift card fraud. Bamboozled cautioned about this scam when it was brand new earlier this year.  Callers impersonating the IRS or other agencies would threaten arrest if you didn't immediately pay your overdue taxes. This scam wasn't new, but the requested payment method -- an iTunes gift card -- was very new. Today, iTunes gift cards have become the preferred gift card of fraudsters.  That's because Apple products are popular around the world, so scammers can sell the cards at a discount or otherwise convert them into currency. They can do it quickly and easily, and it's incredibly hard to track down the perpetrators. By some accounts, 70 to 80 percent of these frauds use iTunes gift cards. The feds have been mounting a fight. In a huge case we learned about in October, the 20 people in the U.S. and 32 in India, along with five call centers, were indicted in a multinational fraud scheme the feds said cost victims hundreds of millions of dollars.  The call center operators would impersonate the IRS, a debt collector or other group, and threaten potential victims with arrest, imprisonment, fines or deportation if they did not pay taxes or penalties to the government, according to a Department of Justice press release.  "If the victims agreed to pay, the call centers would then immediately turn to a network of U.S.-based co-conspirators to liquidate and launder the extorted funds as quickly as possible by purchasing prepaid debit cards or through wire transfers," the presser said. The new scam Amazon won't warn you about Traditional law enforcement action is only part of the battle. The feds are also trying to reach out directly to consumers (check its YouTube channel here),  and that's where the public service announcements come in. "We view every potential victim who received our warning and did not fall victim to the scam as a victory," said Timothy Camus, Deputy Inspector General for Investigations at TIGTA. Apple directed us to its link about iTunes scams. The messages have also been played in Rite Aid, ShopRite, Wegmans, Stop & Shop, Albertsons/Safeway and Supervalu stores. And the program, which targets shoppers New Jersey, New York, California, Texas and Florida -- the five states with the largest numbers of victims  -- seems to be working. "The data reveals that the in-store campaign has already had a significant impact in reducing the number of reported cases in the high incident states targeted," said Robert Gaudian, president of The Public Service Network (PSN), the company that pioneered the placement of PSAs in grocery and drug stores more than 12 years ago with health spots from the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services. A Princeton-based company, InStore Audio Network, produced the audio message. InStore president Gary Seem said these kinds of delivery methods are the only way to reach every shopper in a store.   OTHER HELP FOR CONSUMERS We wanted to know what efforts are being taken by popular New Jersey gift card retailers. Here's what we learned: CVS: CVS said it has several new anti-fraud efforts in play. These include warning customers about these kinds of scams, employee training and educational signs on pre-paid card displays. The retailer said it also had a new protection that will be in all 7,900 CVS stores before the holiday season. "Customers who purchase gift cards in our store will have to read and acknowledge a prompt detailing various types of gift card scams in order to proceed with the purchase," a spokeswoman said. That protection is already in the store near us, where we recently purchased a $25 gift card. There was a pop-up box on the payment screen that warned of gift card fraud. Shoppers would need to click that they got the message before they could proceed with the payment. That was awesome to see. Rite Aid:  Rite Aid has a $500 limit per gift card, and the total for any one transaction by a customer is $3,000, according to a spokeswoman. "Our associates are trained to look for suspicious activity and to talk to customers to make sure they know who and where they are sending money to, to avoid fraud and scams," the spokeswoman said. Target:  Target says it takes a "multi-layered, comprehensive approach to preventing theft and fraud that includes innovative programs and partnerships with local law enforcement, technology and team member training." A spokeswoman said the company is aware of gift card scams, and it works actively with law enforcement. But no details were offered on whether employees are trained to warn customers who purchase a high value of gift cards or whether it posts warnings in stores. ShopRite:  ShopRite says it has a limit on the total amount of gift cards a customer can purchase in a single day. When we asked how much, the company didn't want to share. "We'd prefer not to publish those amounts so we don't tip our hand to scammers," a spokeswoman said. The company does get their employees involved. "We train our associates to enforce gift card purchase limits and we alert our stores to the existence of these scams," a spokeswoman said. "However, we recognize that scammers are constantly changing their tactics and that remains a challenge." Walgreens:  Walgreens didn't reply to multiple requests for comment, and we couldn't find anything about its policies on its website. Wegmans:  Wegmans didn't respond to our request, but we saw on its website that customers can only purchase gift cards with a $500 value per card, and not more than $2,000 in one shot. We couldn't find any kind of warning. Walmart:  Walmart replied to our request to say it would not be participating in the story. So, dear readers, of course we as shoppers need to take personal responsibility, but even if you don't think you'd ever fall for a gift card scam, there are many among us who remain vulnerable. Please tell your loved ones about these scams and help them learn how to protect themselves so we can make gift card scams a thing of the past.   Have you been Bamboozled? Reach Karin Price Mueller at Bamboozled@NJAdvanceMedia.com. Follow her on Twitter @KPMueller.  Find Local Homes for Sale Apartments Car Dealers Used Cars Jobs Businesses Find a job Buy or sell a car Find a place to live See what's for sale Find a business View obituaries More Michigan Business Michigan Automotive News and Reviews Michigan business press releases Search for jobs in Michigan Most Read Active Discussions About Us MLive Media Group Our Team Advertise Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us Jobs at MLive Subscriptions Newspaper | Digital Editions | eNewsletters The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News MLive Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Local Deals Local Businesses Business Resource Center Your Regional News Pages Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Mobile Mobile apps | Tablet apps More on MLive Photos Video Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/Rent your home Apartments and Rentals Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | YouTube Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 MLive Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of MLive Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
iDownloadBlog Home Jailbreak How to Jailbreak Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Cydia Unlock How to Unlock Unlock News iPhone iPhone News iPhone 6s iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6 iPhone Photography iPad iPad News iPad Air iPad mini Watch Apple Watch Guide Mac Mac Mac Apps Mac Tips TV Apple TV guide Apps iOS Apps Mac Apps Widgets Best Apps App Finder Tips Tips How to Tutorial iPhone Photography Download Deals Daily Deals: $50 off Nest thermostat, $90 off iPhone SE, and more Let’s Talk Jailbreak 157: All about the iOS 10 jailbreak and Prometheus Let’s Talk iOS 168: What we want to see from Apple in... Happy New Year firework wallpapers   skip to main content skip to main menu     Apple’s new Japanese ad shows off FeliCa support on iPhone 7 By Christian Zibreg, Dec 15, 2016 Tweet 1 Comment Apple today published a new commercial on its Japanese YouTube channel, titled ”Race”. The 30-second television spot is all about iPhone 7, which in Japan comes with a special chip supporting Sony-developed FeliCa mobile payments technology. With FeliCa support, folk in Japan can buy tickets via Apple Pay at terminals supporting Suica, QUICPay or iD. Apple Pay launched in Japan at the end of October 2016. FeliCa lets users store train cards, bus passes, store cards and credit and debit cards on their mobile devices. The commercial communicates to viewers that it’s now OK to use their iPhone 7/Plus to make FeliCa payments in the country. Here’s the ad. Aside from iPhone 7, Apple Watch Series 2 units sold in Japan also support FeliCa. It’s worth keeping in mind that only iPhone 7/Plus sold in Japan come with a built-in FeliCa chip. As a result, travelers and other people who don’t own a Japanese version of iPhone 7 will not be able to benefit from FeliCa technology. More than 1.9 million contactless payment terminals in Japan support FeliCa technology. In 2015, local FeliCa payment transactions totaled an astounding $46 billion. The technology is used in more than 160 million transactions across the country. What do you think about this Japanese ad from Apple? Source: Apple Japan Share: Tweet Follow: Follow @iDownloadBlog We Recommend New “Dive” ad from Apple promotes iPhone 7 stereo speakers and water resistance Apple airs new iPhone 7 ads, “Morning Ride” and “Midnight” Motorola is telling supposed real-life iPhone loyalists to “Skip the Sevens” Here comes Apple’s holiday ad Related Topics Advertising, Apple, Apple Pay, FeliCa, iPhone, iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus, Japan, Marketing, News Diego Milano Wow, so cool!   Search Connect with iDownloadBlog Facebook Become a fan RSS Get the latest news YouTube Watch Us Twitter Stay up to date Newsletter News delivered to you Google+ Add us to your circle   The most recent headlines Apple shares wallpapers created with Mac and iOS devices for Chinese New Year How to add Live Photos to your Instagram stories This is what the iPhone’s interface could have looked like TSSChecker now correctly supports iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus Apple executives miss out on cash incentives as company falls short of sales goals   The latest jailbreak news TSSChecker now correctly supports iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus Yalu + mach_portal now supports TSMC models: still unstable NoTodayView disables the Spotlight widget page on the Home and Lock screens AntennaGIFDL lets you download GIFs from the Antenna Reddit client app CasualAlarm uses random songs from your music library for alarm sounds iDownloadBlog           iDownloadblog.com About About Advertise Contact Keep in Touch Twitter Facebook RSS Feed Newsletter Push Notifications Podcasts Let's Talk iOS Let's Talk Jailbreak Site Stuff Disclosure Privacy Policy   Copyright iDownloadBlog 2017. This website is not affiliated with Apple.
Advertisement X Classifieds Front page Editor's choice Special features Matric Results ANC turns 105 Bye Obama, hello Trump Zuma Weather & info Weather Indicators TV Guide Movie Guide News Crime & Courts Politics South Africa Africa World Opinion Back Page Matric Results Politics Business Report Companies Economy Energy Markets Entrepreneurs Technology International Careers Opinion Financial Tools Events Personal finance My Money Debt Financial Planning Medical Cover Invest Insurance Retirement Tax Money tools Sport Soccer Rugby Cricket Boxing Tennis Fifa Opinion Cycling Golf More Sport IOL Sportzone ICC Twenty20 Motoring Latest launches Road tests F1 Motorsport Bikes 4x4 Special Features Industry news Prices & Specs Trucks Entertainment News TV & Radio Movies Music Gossip Books What's On Fun stuff Royals Trevor Noah TV guide Movie guide Grahamstown Festival Lifestyle Love & Sex Health Family Food & Drink Home & Garden Style People BabyNet Competitions GQ Games Dating Travel News South Africa World Tips Olympics Paralympics Live Blog Athletics Swimming Soccer Cycling Rugby Gymnastics Newspapers Classifieds Cape Times Cape Argus Daily News Daily Voice Isolezwe Ilisolezwe Mercury Pretoria News The Post The Star Saturday Star TIOS Sunday Independent Sunday Tribune Weekend Argus Cape Community Matric Results Cape Community Athlone News Atlantic Sun Bolander Cape Towner Constantiaberg Bulletin False Bay Echo Plainsman Sentinel News Southern Mail Southern Suburbs Tatler Table Talk Vukani Bellville & Durbanville Goodwood & Parow Kuils River, Brackenfell & Kraaifontein Multimedia Galleries Videos Other sites BabyNet.co.za Glamour.co.za GQ.co.za Games Dating Jobs IOL Property IOL Sportzone Loot.co.za Classifieds WomanOnline About IOL About IOL Terms and conditions Privacy policy Companies Economy Energy Markets Entrepreneurs Technology International Careers Opinion Financial Tools Events Budget World Economic Forum Raging Bull Awards Financial Planner of the YearIOL Technology Nissan CEO hears Trump say ‘America first’ Online shopping grows robustly WATCH: What wacky gadgets tell us about the future ANCYL back Eskom in BEE row with Exxaro Pravin Gordhan search queue business report technology Apple patches major flaw Technology / 26 August 2016, 11:14am Reuters Apple issued a patch on Thursday to fix a dangerous security flaw in iPhones and iPads after researchers discovered that a prominent United Arab Emirates dissident's phone had been targeted with a previously unknown method of hacking. The thwarted attack on the human rights activist, Ahmed Mansoor, used a text message that invited him to click on a web link. Instead of clicking, he forwarded the message to researchers at the University of Toronto's Citizen Lab. The hack is the first known case of software that can remotely take over a fully up-to-date iPhone 6. Experts at Citizen Lab worked with security company Lookout and determined that the link would have installed a program taking advantage of a three flaws that Apple and others were not aware of. The researchers disclosed their findings on Thursday. “Once infected, Mansoor's phone would have become a digital spy in his pocket, capable of employing his iPhone's camera and microphone to snoop on activity in the vicinity of the device, recording his WhatsApp and Viber calls, logging messages sent in mobile chat apps, and tracking his movements,” Citizen Lab wrote in a report released on Thursday. The researchers said they had alerted Apple a week and a half ago, and the company developed a fix and distributed it as an automatic update to iPhone 6 owners. Apple spokesman Fred Sainz confirmed that the company had issued the patch after being contacted by researchers. The Citizen Lab team attributed the attack software to a private seller of monitoring systems, NSO Group, an Israeli company that makes software for governments which can secretly target mobile phones and gather information. Tools such as that used in this case, a remote exploit for a current iPhone, cost as much as $1 million. NSO Chief Executive Shalev Hulio referred questions to spokesman Zamir Dahbash, who said the company “cannot confirm the specific cases” covered in the Citizen Lab and Lookout reports. Dahbash said NSO sells within export laws to government agencies, which then operate the software. “The agreements signed with the company's customers require that the company's products only be used in a lawful manner,” he added. “Specifically, the products may only be used for the prevention and investigation of crimes.” Dahbash did not answer follow-up questions, including whether the exposure of the tools use against Mansoor in UAE and a Mexican journalist would end any sales to those countries. NSO has kept a low profile in the security world, despite its 2014 sale of a majority stake for $120 million to California private equity firm Francisco Partners. That company's chief executive, Dipanjan Deb, did not return a call on Thursday. In November 2015, Reuters reported that NSO had begun calling itself “Q” and was looking for a buyer for close to $1 billion. Sarah McKune, senior legal adviser to Citizen Lab, said Israel tries to follow the strictures of the Wassenaar Arrangement, which puts controls on the international sale of nuclear and chemical weapons technology and more recently cyber intrusion tools. NSO may have had to apply for an export license, she added, saying that raised questions about “what consideration was given to the human rights record of UAE.” The Israeli embassy in Washington did not respond to an email seeking comment. NSO marketing material says that it also has capabilities for Android and BlackBerry devices. No version of the software has been exposed, indicating it remains effective. Citizen Lab did not directly accuse UAE of carrying out the attack on Mansoor with NSO gear called Pegasus, but it said other NSO attacks on critics of the regime were connected to the government. It also said a Mexican journalist and a minority party politician in Kenya had been targeted with NSO software and that domain names set up for other attacks referred to entities in Uzbekistan, Thailand, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, and other nations, suggesting that other targets lived in those nations. A call to the UAE embassy in Washington was not immediately returned. The market for “lawful intercept,” or government hacking tools, has come under increased scrutiny with revelations about authoritarian customers and noncriminal victims. Two popular vendors, Hacking Team of Italy and Gamma Group of the United Kingdom, have had their wares exposed by researchers or hackers. Mansoor had previously been targeted with software from both of those companies, according to Citizen Lab. “I can't think of a more compelling case of serial misuse of lawful intercept malware than the targeting of Mansoor,” said one of the Citizen Lab researchers, John Scott-Railton. – Reuters Technology Nissan CEO hears Trump say ‘America first’ Online shopping grows robustly WATCH: What wacky gadgets tell us about the future ANCYL back Eskom in BEE row with Exxaro Pravin Gordhan search queue Most Read Nissan CEO hears Trump say ‘America first’ Toyota stocks tumble after Trump criticism Will slashed Acsa tariffs mean reduced airfares? ANCYL back Eskom in BEE row with Exxaro A wakeup call Advertisement MORE business report technologyMenu Companies| Economy| Energy| Markets| Entrepreneurs| Technology| International| Careers| Opinion| Financial Tools| Events| business report technologyMenu Companies| Economy| Energy| Markets| Entrepreneurs| Technology| International| Careers| Opinion| Financial Tools| Events| INFO About IOL Front page Market indicators Movie guide Newspapers TV guide Weather SITES BabyNet.co.za Glamour.co.za GQ.co.za Ilisolezwe Isolezwe IOL Jobs IOL Property IOL Sportzone Loot.co.za Classifieds WomanOnline SECTIONS News Politics Business report Sport Motoring Entertainment Lifestyle Travel About IOL Front page Market indicators Movie guide Newspapers TV guide Weather

Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Fibaro Unveils First Apple HomeKit-Enabled Flood Sensor Along With Unique Motion and Door/Window Sensors News provided by FIBARO US Dec 15, 2016, 08:30 ET Share this article CHICAGO, Dec. 15, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- FIBARO, a leading global manufacturer of wireless intelligent home automation and control devices, is announcing a brand new product line compatible with Apple HomeKit. The three new devices – Fibaro Flood Sensor, Fibaro Motion Sensor and Fibaro Door/Window Sensor – feature intuitive technology and a sleek design with Bluetooth® LE inside. Fibaro is also launching a new app for the devices to deliver ease of use, remote access and extended product functionality. All three devices also integrate with and can be controlled using the Apple Home app in iOS 10.  Fibaro Flood Sensor Fibaro HomeKit-enabled Flood Sensor Fibaro HomeKit-enabled Motion Sensor The Fibaro Flood Sensor is the first water sensing and leak detection device in the Apple HomeKit ecosystem. The Flood Sensor is equipped with gold telescopic probes that detect water as soon as it appears and allows the device to function on uneven surfaces. Featuring an LED indicator along with an acoustic alarm signal to alert users of flooding or tampering, the wireless device can also trigger a smart home scene and notify a user of a problem through the Fibaro app or Apple's Home app. The Flood Sensor also acts as a temperature sensor, making it perfect for areas like a garage or basement. In the cold weather months, ask Siri to check the temp in an unheated area where a Flood Sensor is placed and stay ahead of burst pipes and potential problems. Fibaro Motion Sensor A CES Innovations honoree and an international design award winner, the Fibaro Motion Sensor is actually a multi sensor, measuring movement, ambient temperature and light intensity. It is battery powered and runs on Bluetooth LE wireless technology, and features an eye-shaped LED indicator changes colors to signal motion, temperature level, tampering and light. The clever holder allows you to place the sensor anywhere in the home, even affixed to a wall, ceiling or other surface. The Fibaro Motion Sensor comes equipped with tamper protection thanks to its built-in accelerometer. Any unauthorized attempt to relocate or change the sensor's view angle can trigger an alarm. Fibaro Door/Window Sensor The Door/Window Sensor is a dual contact and temperature sensor that can be placed on any door or window and comes in seven colors to match any décor. Using Bluetooth LE, the battery operated device can be easily installed with provided double adhesive backing and has a low profile. When part of the HomeKit ecosystem, the Door/Window Sensor plays an integral role in the safety, security and convenience of a home. Fibaro App The Fibaro app is a native mobile application designed for Apple HomeKit. The app is designed with user friendly software to make it easy to set up and configure devices with a secure authentication process. Fibaro's HomeKit devices can be controlled with voice using Siri directly from an iPhone, iPad, iPod touch or Apple Watch. With an Apple TV, the app also allows for remote access and management outside the smart home. The Fibaro app gives users extended functionality including device status checks. "Expanding our product line to include support for Apple HomeKit was a natural choice for Fibaro. The HomeKit platform offers a simple and secure solution for expanding the many benefits of smart home to a new category of consumers that up to this point, may not have had the means or knowledge to participate. Working with companies like Apple to expand the mainstream consumer smart home market is very exciting for us," said Rich Bira, Managing Director of Fibaro in the U.S. With main headquarter in Poland as well as a major presence in the US, the Fibaro HomeKit line will ship to the U.S. and any country where HomeKit is enabled over time. US retail pricing for the Fibaro Flood Sensor is $69.99/ea, Motion Sensor is $69.99/ea and Door/Window Sensor is $59.99/ea. All three products are expected to be available to consumers in the U.S. by the end of 2016. For more information on Fibaro's Apple HomeKit enabled devices, visit www.homekit.fibaro.com. About FIBARO Based in Poland, FIBARO is a leading manufacturer of residential IoT solutions and designs, engineers and manufactures innovative smart home devices that make up the advanced home intelligence platform known as the FIBARO System. Available in 100 countries, FIBARO, opened its U.S. offices in September 2014, taking its modern minimalist designs and feature-rich platform to the growing U.S. smart home market. The company's FIBARO wireless Z-Wave smart home system can be controlled from anywhere in the world via smart phone, laptop and/or tablet. The system, along with a suite of FIBARO accessory devices and sensors allows users to create easy to access scenes, manage energy usage, and integrate hundreds of devices including cameras, lights, lock, shades and numerous household systems, including entertainment. Press Contact Caster Communications 401-792-7080 Ashley Daigneault 138070@email4pr.com Erin Phillips 138070@email4pr.com Angela Zmyslinski 138070@email4pr.com   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/fibaro-unveils-first-apple-homekit-enabled-flood-sensor-along-with-unique-motion-and-doorwindow-sensors-300378993.html SOURCE FIBARO US Related Links http://www.fibaro.com My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. You just read: Fibaro Unveils First Apple HomeKit-Enabled Flood Sensor Along With Unique Motion and Door/Window Sensors News provided by FIBARO US Dec 15, 2016, 08:30 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
CNET Reviews Best Products CNET 100 Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Crave Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home CNET Smart Home CNET Smart Apartment Smart Home News Smart Home How To Best Smart Home Devices Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español CNET Appliances Smart Home HomeKit gets a brand new suite of smart home sensors HomeKit gets a brand new suite of smart home sensors With Fibaro's three new products, Siri can alert you to home emergencies. Smart Home by David Priest December 15, 2016 6:00 AM PST @david_p_priest Up Next Amazon could start dropping off packages inside your home Apple's HomeKit platform is about to take a small but critical step forward. Smart home tech developer Fibaro has unveiled a HomeKit-compatible flood sensor ($70, or about £55 or AU$95), door and window sensor ($60, or about £50 or AU$80), and motion sensor (also $70) for the end of 2016. Each of them will use low energy Bluetooth to communicate. Although the partnership seems minor, it represents an important expansion into new territory for HomeKit -- an expansion vital to its continued success in a burgeoning market. Integrating sensing devices with voice activated platforms has taken a long time to develop for a few reasons. First, users don't often send commands to flood or motion sensors; the sensors send alerts to users. And for now, Alexa, the Google Assistant and Siri don't feature vocal push alerts, making that device-to-user communication difficult. 10 Which flood sensor will serve you best this winter? Fibaro and Apple are hoping to surmount this challenge by depending on the Home app more than Siri. You'll be able to ask Siri whether your basement is flooding thanks to the new leak sensor, but most of the time smart home sensors are meant to stay in the background. Non-voice controlled smart-home systems have almost exclusively relied upon apps, push notifications or text messages to alert users of emergencies, and Siri still can't top any of these methods. The new partners also have a second challenge to face: most sensors rely on batteries, making the energy drain of Wi-Fi untenable. That's why systems like SmartThings, with hubs that translate low energy radio frequencies into a language your phone can understand, have had the corner on small, battery-powered devices for so long. Apple's Home meets the CNET Smart Home We put Apple's smart home app to the test on a large scale. by Andrew Gebhart 2:14 Close Drag Fibaro's solution to this challenge is Bluetooth Low Energy, which won't drain batteries quickly, and also communicates directly with phones. Bluetooth comes with its own limitations though. The Fibaro sensors have to be within close proximity to communicate via Bluetooth with users' phones, unless an Apple TV or iPad is around to translate the radio waves to Wi-Fi and allow for remote control (much like the conventional smart-home hub does). Apple and Fibaro seem to have addressed, albeit imperfectly, the problems of integrating sensing devices with voice controlled systems. How the sensors themselves perform remains to be seen. But this partnership has bigger implications for the market at large. Fibaro's new flood sensor looks nearly identical to this original Z-Wave unit.Photo by Tyler Lizenby/CNET The three voice controlled platforms, Apple HomeKit, Amazon Echo and Google Home, are all vying for control of the market that Echo has dominated by default over the past year. Google just announced imminent partnerships with multiple smart-home developers, and Apple promised over a hundred new device integrations by the end of 2016. Echo has kept up a steady stream of new integrations over the past year, and will certainly continue to do so in the near future. The message is clear, all three voice-controlled smart-home platforms are gearing up for a competitive 2017, and hopefully, users will benefit from the increasingly fierce rivalries. Editors' note: The original headline to this article incorrectly stated Fibaro's was the first suite of sensing devices for HomeKit. Although Fibaro's devices add new sensing capabilities to HomeKit, Elgato's Eve devices already feature temperature and motion sensing. Share your voice 0 comments Tags Smart Home Z-Wave Alexa SmartThings Google Brillo Amazon Bluetooth Google Siri ZigBee Apple HomeKit CNET First Take Apple HomeKit Yes, you can already access various smart home products from your iPhone or iPad, but Apple's HomeKit software may have found a better way... if it ever officially launches. See it Related Stories Smart home experts hope 'magic' moments will convert nonbelievers A smart home scoreboard for CES 2017 2017: The year digital assistants for kids began to flourish at CES Best smart home devices of 2016 Close   Discuss: HomeKit gets a brand new suite of smart home... Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: Amazon could start dropping off packages inside your home CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
Please enable javascript for best view and rich features! Please Try again! Login / Register | Logout Gizmodo Indiamodo News Gadgets Science Design Software WTF Gallery Gizmodo X Login / Register | Logout Indiamodo News Gadgets Science Design Software WTF Gallery expand 30 minutes with the 2016 MacBook Pro with Touch Bar Sahil Mohan Gupta Dec 15, 2016, 07.27 PM IST FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedinReddit Image Credit Apple often finds itself in uncomfortable positions where it has the unholy task of improving some of the best gadgets in the world; most of which have been made so good by the company itself. It is a task that wouldn’t be the envy of anyone, but that’s the difficulty being Apple. It is often tasked with releasing and developing some of the best products in the world and improving them. This time around, it is the product that made the company, the soul of the company, a product that doesn’t make it the richest in the world, but something that defines the modern era of computing. It is the new 2016 MacBook Pro which comes with the unique Touch Bar. Since launching a couple of months ago, this new notebook has polarised opinion. Now that it has finally landed in India, I have been using it for the last 30 odd minutes, so I wanted to share some initial thoughts on it. Firstly, there is not even an iota of a doubt in my head that this is one of the sexiest laptops ever conceived. It may not be the slimmest around, it may not have a touch screen and may not look as outlandish as the Dell XPS 13, but this machine screams class. And class is something that is at the heart of what Apple does with its products. This is the classiest notebook that has been launched in 2016 and there have been some really nice ones. Gone is the familiar whitish metal chassis and the glowing Apple logo, now there is something more modern. A darker greyish shade and a machined Apple logo which exists because Apple made the screen assembly so slim that they couldn’t add the glowing iconic Apple logo. But all this is okay because this machine just looks so damned tasty. What stood out was also the fact that this machine was thin and light, considering the type of firepower it packs inside. Besides this, the new butterfly keyboard is something you need to get used to but it certainly feels better than the first generation of the butterfly switch that was in the MacBook with Retina display. It feels clicky but coming from a 2015 MacBook Pro it will be a little problematic, but that’s something I guess will be a thing of the past in a few days. The larger trackpad also felt very nice. The touch bar has already proven its worth, helping out with a number of shortcuts on Safari and also for word suggestions while I wrote this piece in the Mac text editor. I also managed to set up Touch ID which was a breeze and I am suspecting that it will be something that many people are going to use. It doesn’t have the usual array of USB and HDMI ports but instead, only 4 ports lighting ports with USB Type-C connectors. At the time of writing I believe this will be a big hassle and I’d need to use adaptors, but Apple probably thinks that in a year or so it will be the other way round especially for people who’re using machines with standard USB as they will need to invest in adaptors for their older IO as the entire industry is moving towards USB Type C. It is a new argument, but one with merit as I’ve already started noticing how people grapple for microUSB chargers as most new smartphones have started shipping with USB Type C. Overall, the new MacBook looks very nice, and it comes with most bells and whistles that one would want in their high-end machine. FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedinReddit Tags: notebooksGadgetsAppletouch barMacsMacBook Pro Follow Gizmodo on facebookLiketwitterFollowgplusFollow Contribute to Gizmodo Write for Us Next StoryAmazon Prime Video FAQ in India: These are 10 shows you should binge on Comments () Characters Remaining: 3000 SIGN IN WITHFacebookGoogleEmail OR PROCEED WITHOUT REGISTRATION X Sort By:NewestOldestDiscussedUp VotedDown Voted More from this author Huawei Honor 6X to be launched on January 24 for less than Rs 15,000 Xiaomi unveils white version of Mi Mix and Mi Router HD at CES Microsoft beware: Digital Unlocked shows Google’s ambition Related stories iOS 10 Will Make These Apple Gadgets Obsolete The Pink-ification of Apple Gadgets Is Almost Complete How to watch today's Apple MacBook Pro launch live Wacom's Digitizing Notebooks Are Better Than Ever New Macs Incoming, Apple Could Have An Event On Oct 27 Macs not getting a lot of attention at Apple, 2017 iMac will be boring Personalized Recommendations Editor's Pick Lenovo Yoga 510 Review: Inconsistent Performer The Magic of George Michael: Bringing the “Faith” over a Glorious 30-Year Music Career OnePlus 3T review: Still the best damn phone for less than Rs 30,000 Nucleya Adds His Signature Bass To Papon’s Bihu in The Dewarists’ Latest Music Collaboration Confused between OnePlus 3 and OnePlus 3T? Read this Super Mario Run: My first 20 minutes! Like what you see? Keep up with the latest by following us on and subscribe to our Daily Newsletter Related Content Trending on social Now Airtel offers Free 3GB 4G Data per month to take on Reliance Jio CyanogenMod reborn, download Lineage OS right now CyanogenMod reborn, download Lineage OS right now OnePlus 3T soft-gold variant goes on sale starting January 5 Overlook Paytm, PM Modi launches a new ‘BHIM’ mobile app AdAge Unicorns #AdAgeUnicorns: The Lloyd Mathias Interview (Part 1) #AdAgeUnicorns: The Lloyd Mathias Interview (Part 2) #AdAgeUnicorns: Lloyd Mathias to Share His Marketing Journey on December 15 #AdAgeUnicorns: The R Balki Interview (Part 2) Learn at Coursera Master Business Fundamentals from Wharton Leadership and Business Skill for Immediate Impact Take Big Data from University of California San DiegoMore » HUFFINGTON POST The Good, The Bad And The Ugly Smartphone 'Fans' After Google Phone, We Might See Google Watches Freedom 251 Maker Launches LED TV For ₹9900 Times of India Technology Apple iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus price details revealed, goes up to Rs 92,000 Apple slashes prices of iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus by up to Rs 22,000 WhatsApp privacy policy challenged in Delhi High Court: 5 things to know Apple iOS 10 surpasses iOS 9 in early adoption in just 24 hours Gadgets Now Shop Samsung Z2 - 8GB (Gold) ₹ 4699BUY4G, 1GB RAM,4"Screen Panasonic P66 Mega - 16GB (Rose Gold) ₹ 5950BUY2GB RAM, 8MP+5MP Cam Micromax Bolt Q381 - 8GB (Black) ₹ 3840BUY5" Screen, 5MP Cam About | Privacy | Write For Us | Contact | Authors | Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy | Gizmodo US | RSS TIMES GLOBAL PARTNERS Times Global Partners is an initiative focused on partnering with Established and Emerging Global Digital Companies for growing their presence and business in India through growth in their Brand, audience, adoption, distribution and monetization. Copyright @ 2017. Times Internet Limited. All rights reserved.For reprint rights. Times Syndication Service.
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Apple’s AirPods and the best cord-free competition compared Trending in Apple 2017 & Beyond: What’s next for Mac, and what of its longer-term future? Trending in Apple Comment: OWC’s ‘DEC’ attachment highlights the portability progress Apple has made with the MacBook Pro Trending in Apple Opinion: Why the LG 5K UltraFine isn’t the MacBook Pro display I’m looking for Trending in Apple Poll: What rumored iPhone 8 feature excites you the most? Trending in Apple Apple in 2017: What’s next for Mac, iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch & Apple TV this year December 15, 2016 AAPL: 115.82 0.63 Reader poll finds largest group of 2016 MacBook Pro owners get half claimed battery life or worse Ben Lovejoy - Dec. 15th 2016 5:25 am PT @benlovejoy MacBook Pro View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit A poll of 9to5Mac readers has found that experiences of both battery life and accuracy of estimates with the new MacBook Pro models are very mixed. The largest group – a full third of those taking part – reported that they were seeing no more than half Apple’s claimed battery life, at five hours or less … A quarter reported 6-7 hours, while only 15% got 8-9 hours, and just 6.7% the full claimed ten hours. Readers have also had very different experiences of the accuracy of battery life estimates, before Apple ceased providing them. The most common option selected was almost evenly split between those finding that the estimate was accurate to less than hour and those reporting that it was out by a massive four or more hours. Apple responded to widespread complaints that the remaining battery life estimate was wildly inaccurate by removing the estimate from the menu bar – though you can still obtain one, and there are also third-party solutions to bring it back to your menu bar. The company has not yet given an official response to the reports of battery life substantially poorer than advertised. In an opinion piece yesterday, I suggested that taking a one-hour moving average of remaining life estimates would likely be more accurate, also putting forward a reader’s suggestion that Apple personalise estimates based on logs of the typical usage of individual owners. Guides MacBook Pro Apple's premium MacBook, built with the professional in mind. View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Apple’s AirPods and the best cord-free competition compared Trending in Apple 2017 & Beyond: What’s next for Mac, and what of its longer-term future? Trending in Apple Comment: OWC’s ‘DEC’ attachment highlights the portability progress Apple has made with the MacBook Pro Trending in Apple Opinion: Why the LG 5K UltraFine isn’t the MacBook Pro display I’m looking for Trending in Apple Poll: What rumored iPhone 8 feature excites you the most? Trending in Apple Apple in 2017: What’s next for Mac, iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch & Apple TV this year December 15, 2016 AAPL: 115.82 0.63 Japanese iPhone 7 Plus ad ‘Race’ shows off newly launched Apple Pay feature Zac Hall - Dec. 15th 2016 6:41 am PT @apollozac iPhone 7 iPhone Apple Pay Japan View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Apple has released a new iPhone 7 ad called “Race” made exclusively for Japan. The new 30-second spot features the Jet Black iPhone 7 Plus and a very fast-paced run between two men through a busy part of town. The ad concludes with the iPhone-equipped man winning the so-called race by using Apple Pay to quickly board a train… Apple Pay only launched in Japan in late October of this year after first debuting in the United States and a few other countries two years ago. Bringing Apple’s mobile payment service required integrating FeliCa mobile payment technology which is widely used in the country. FeliCa is a technology developed by Sony that allows users to store things like train cards, bus passes, store cards, and credit and debit cards on their mobile devices. The technology is the most widely used mobile payment platform in Japan with over 1.9 million payment terminal supporting it. Last year, FeliCa payment transactions totaled $46 billion in Japan. Using Apple Pay in Japan requires special hardware because of this technology: To use FeliCa, you not only need either an iPhone 7 or an Apple Watch Series 2, but it also needs to be a Japanese model: devices sold in the U.S. and elsewhere are not compatible. Locals will be able to use Apple Pay at any terminal supporting Suica, QUICPay, or iD. You can view the Japanese iPhone ad below via Apple Japan on YouTube: (H/T Michael Steeber) Guides iPhone 7 Apple's iPhone 7 and 7 Plus were announced on 7th September 2016 View THe Guide iPhone View THe Guide Apple Pay Apple Pay is Apple's mobile payments solution first introduced in 2014. View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple iPhone 8 rumor points to a new feature that would be truly game-changing Yoni Heisler BGR NewsDecember 15, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share The evidence pointing to Apple incorporating a wireless charging feature into the iPhone 8 continues to mount. According to a new report from Fast Company, a company called Energous recently inked an investment deal with Apple supplier Dialog Semiconductor. This is particularly noteworthy given that Energous’ bread and butter involves developing wireless charging technologies. Don't Miss: The Galaxy S8 should beat the iPhone 7 with one brand-new feature Per the report, Dialog Semiconductor invested $10 million into Energous and, in return, Dialog will assume control over all of Energous’ technology. This is an extremely interesting development given that the bulk of Dialog’s business centers around providing components for Apple products. “We’re actually transferring all of our silicon operations to Dialog,” says Energous CEO Steve Rizzone. “All the Energous technology will be sold under the Dialog branding and all sales orders will be going through Dialog. It’ll take us about 90 days to do all that,” Rizzone said. So why is this a big deal? Well, there have already been a few reports pointing to an existing relationship between Energous and Apple. We first told you about the potential relationship all the way back in February of this year. Since then, Energous has repeatedly said on earnings calls that it’s been working with a “tier 1” smartphone manufacturer. That, coupled with Energous getting into bed with a key Apple partner once again, only adds more credence to rumors that the iPhone 8 will include a futuristic wireless charging feature. On its own, Energous is probably too small to be an Apple supplier. Apple suppliers have to be large enough to reliably supply parts at Apple’s huge scale. Dialog obviously already has that capacity. With the Energous technology basically being folded into the Dialog structure, all of a sudden Energous has it too. As for the technology itself, it’s far more advanced than most wireless charging implementations you may already be familiar with. Specifically, Energous has come up with a way for a smartphone to charge wirelessly from a distance of 15 feet away. As we detailed just last month, users need only to position a base station in their home whereupon a tiny chip in a mobile device can connect to it and soak up power through the air. Without question, the ability to charge an iPhone from across the room would be a huge game-changer. Adding even more fuel to the fire, reputed Apple analyst Ming-Chi Kuo issued a research note just three weeks ago wherein he claimed that the iPhone 8 industrial design will feature a switch from metal to glass in an effort to make the device’s wireless charging functionality much more efficient. “We believe one of the reasons why new iPhones will switch from metal casing to glass casing is to support wireless charging,” Kuo said in a research note obtained by MacRumors. “In order to ensure a superior performance, we believe it is most appropriate for EMS suppliers to develop and make the wireless charger because then a comprehensive test can be conducted. As Hon Hai needs to deploy most resources to develop and produce OLED iPhone, we expect Pegatron will be the exclusive supplier of the wireless charger.” Assuming that the rumors pan out and that the iPhone 8 does, in fact, sport a wireless charging feature, it remains to be seen what the final implementation will look like. Even though we’d venture to guess that the iPhone 8 won’t ship with the ability to charge up from 15 feet right out of the gate, even a wireless charging option of, say, 6 feet would be a marked improvement over using wireless charging pads. Trending right now: The Galaxy S8 should beat the iPhone 7 with one brand-new feature Scientists simulate an asteroid impact in the ocean, and it’s not good How to protect yourself following the massive Yahoo hack See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next 9 tech-friendly gifts for people obsessed with travel Yahoo Tech Online Video Marketing: The 2-Pronged CMO Attack MagistoSponsored Here’s all the Kmart stores that will have liquidation sales this weekend BGR News Facebook launches live 360-degree video feature Yahoo Tech Modders report successful hack of NES Classic Edition, expand library to 60 games Digital Trends Free Event in the Washington DC Area 1/17-1/21! Fortune BuildersSponsored New leak shows how terrible Apple’s iPhone could have been BGR News The iPhone 8 is going to be bigger than you can even imagine BGR News Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo Finance
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Watch someone unbox the AirPods you’ve been dying for, but still can’t get Zach Epstein BGR NewsDecember 15, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Apple finally released its hotly anticipated AirPods… and you still can’t get them. Huh? Well, unless you were quick on the draw and you managed to place your order within an hour or so of Apple having released its new AirPods earbuds earlier this week, then you’re not going to be able to score the new headphones anytime soon. Why? Because like everything else Apple has launched in recent months, there’s not enough supply to meet demand. As a result, new AirPods orders placed on Apple’s website won’t start shipping until sometime next year. You can get your hands on Apple’s new AirPods sooner than that if you want to shell out a couple thousand dollars, or you can sit tight and check out this AirPods unboxing video, which will hopefully tide you over for now. Don't Miss: iOS 10.2-friendly glitch wallpapers add crazy effects to your iPhone Personally, I’m not a fan of Apple’s AirPods design. They look… silly. They look… like this. But hey, you know what they say about opinions. Taste is subjective and apparently there are plenty of people out there who aren’t put off by the prospect of having two tiny cigarette butts sticking out of their ears. There are plenty of other options out there if you’re looking for truly wireless earbuds with a more conventional design. If you’re into this new look though, you’ll have to wait until sometime around the end of January if you place your order on Apple’s website right now. In the meantime, check out the video below. It’s a nice AirPods unboxing and analysis from MacWorld, and the narrator definitely covers all the bases. And the good news for those worried about audio sync issues, which were reportedly the cause of Apple’s delayed launch, the unboxer here says that audio is perfectly in sync. Trending right now: The Galaxy S8 should beat the iPhone 7 with one brand-new feature Scientists simulate an asteroid impact in the ocean, and it’s not good How to protect yourself following the massive Yahoo hack See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next 9 tech-friendly gifts for people obsessed with travel Yahoo Tech Don't Buy Furniture Until You See This Site WayfairSponsored Here’s all the Kmart stores that will have liquidation sales this weekend BGR News Facebook launches live 360-degree video feature Yahoo Tech Modders report successful hack of NES Classic Edition, expand library to 60 games Digital Trends Townhomes in Amenity-Filled Frederick Community Ryan HomesSponsored New leak shows how terrible Apple’s iPhone could have been BGR News The iPhone 8 is going to be bigger than you can even imagine BGR News Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo Finance
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « Apple Filed another Update to their Video Headset back in August Describing Two Viewing Modes for iPhone | Main | Sharp's Terry Gou Deliberately Drops Samsung as a Customer & Sends Samsung into a Panic » December 15, 2016 Apple Patent Reveals Apple Pencil Working with the iPhone and on a Wider Range of Applications   Back in September Patently Apple posted a report titled "Apple Could Send Samsung into a Panic Today if the iPhone 7 works with Apple Pencil." In hindsight I'm sure Apple must have seen an opportunity of massive dimensions go down the drain when the Samsung Note7 ended with it being discontinued. Without Apple Pencil working with the iPhone, die-hard Note7 users weren't going to switch to just a standard smartphone. In an interview with Tim Cook it was noted that he had stated: "And if you've ever seen what can be created with that pencil on an iPad or an iPhone, it's really unbelievable." It was clear that Cook had seen a future iPhone working with Apple Pencil and so we know it's coming, it's just a matter of when. In addition, Bloomberg had reported back in August that Apple Pencil would work with a larger array of apps on the iPad in 2017. One of today's patent applications that were published by the US Patent & Trademark Office reveals Apple Pencil working with the iPhone and with an expanded array of applications for the iPhone and iPad.   Apple Pencil for iPhone and MacBook Pro   Apple notes that some electronic devices use a stylus associated with the device to provide additional methods of input to a touch-sensitive display of the device. For example, some cellular phones, laptops, and tablets have the capability to receive inputs from a stylus.   Apple Pencil to Work with Apps Beyond just 'Notes'   Apple pencil will one day work with iMovie and/or Final Cut Pro as indicated in patent FIG. 32D below.   Apple's patent FIG. 32D noted above shows that Apple Pencil will work with apps beyond its current single app of 'Notes." This patent figure illustrates an example of selecting a portion of video using a gesture that includes contact outside the timeline area. In this example, a gesture provided, e.g., using stylus #203 includes a contact of the stylus on a touch-sensitive display at a position #3230 of a video editing application #3202 that is outside of the timeline area #3204.   In the future Apple Pencil will work Apple's Messages App   Accessing a Drawing App in a Restricted Mode   Beyond showing us that Apple Pencil will work on the iPhone and with different apps, Apple discusses a new "restricted mode" that's in the works. In Apple's patent FIGS. 21M, 21N and 21P below we're able to see an example of displaying a drawing application in response to swiping from an edge of touch screen with a stylus. FIG. 21M illustrates an example of displaying, over lock screen user interface, one or more marks (e.g., mark #2141 and mark #2142) that correspond to inputs from the stylus associated with device. In this example, liftoff of the stylus (e.g., liftoff of the stylus between making mark 2141 and making mark 2142) does not cause display of the drawing application. Instead, in response to swiping from an edge of the touch screen with the stylus, the device executes a drawing application in a restricted mode so that a user could access their drawing app quickly in a restricted mode to make a change or two in a drawing.   In some embodiments, while in the restricted session of the drawing application, a user is allowed to access and edit content created during a current restricted session of the drawing application, but is not allowed access to content created during unrestricted sessions of the drawing application and content created during prior restricted sessions of the drawing application. In some embodiments, while in the restricted session of the drawing application, the drawing application has limited functionality.   Apple's patent application 20160364091 has 150 or more illustrations to look at with details galore in this Apple Pencil invention that I'm sure has more buried little gems to be found. In fact the details go on for another three patents including 20160364026, 20160364027 and 20160364025. Considering that this is a patent application, the timing of the features outlined in this report to market is unknown at this time.   Patently Apple presents a detailed summary of patent applications with associated graphics for journalistic news purposes as each such patent application is revealed by the U.S. Patent & Trade Office. Readers are cautioned that the full text of any patent application should be read in its entirety for full and accurate details. About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.       Posted by Jack Purcher on December 15, 2016 at 06:35 AM in 1. Patent Applications, Apple Pencil - Smart Pen | Permalink Comments The comments to this entry are closed. Search Recent Posts Huawei Begins their Big Squeeze on Samsung in the U.S. Today Canadian Competition Bureau Closes its Investigation into Apple Conducting Anti-Competitive Practices Patent Troll GPNE continues to Fight Apple in China over Infringing Patents related to Cellular technologies We weep to learn that Super Millionaire Tim Cook won't make as many Millions as last year Apple's Virtual Click Wheel Prototype feature for iOS may have been discovered Apple Reportedly Shifting to IGZO TFT-LCD Panels for MacBook Pro Sometime in 2017 While Samsung's Mobile Division Nose Dived this Quarter, other Components gave Samsung a Solid Winning Quarter Apple confirms our Report that the first Flagship Apple Store in South Korea will open later this year Ireland's Sinn Féin Accuses Apple's CEO of being Disrespectful to the Irish People for not attending a Key Hearing Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports 6. Patently Xtra News 7. Snap News 8. Apple-IBM MobileFirst 9. Apple Events & Financial Related Accessories Apple & Market Statistics Apple - Macs Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple iTunes / Apple Music Apple Pay, iWallet, NFC Related Apple Pencil - Smart Pen Apple Store Apple Watch + Other Wearables AppleTV Related Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible, Foldable Facial Recognition & 3D Related Future Interfaces Green Technology Haptics & Tactile iBeacon News + Inductive, Wireless Charging Liquid Metal Location Related, Indoor Mapping Maps Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Reports Projection Related Security Related Smart Bezels + Social Networking Software + OS Solar Energy Sports Related Travel Related Vehicle Related Videos Videos (Reports with) See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
iDownloadBlog Home Jailbreak How to Jailbreak Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Cydia Unlock How to Unlock Unlock News iPhone iPhone News iPhone 6s iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6 iPhone Photography iPad iPad News iPad Air iPad mini Watch Apple Watch Guide Mac Mac Mac Apps Mac Tips TV Apple TV guide Apps iOS Apps Mac Apps Widgets Best Apps App Finder Tips Tips How to Tutorial iPhone Photography Download Deals Daily Deals: $50 off Nest thermostat, $90 off iPhone SE, and more Let’s Talk Jailbreak 157: All about the iOS 10 jailbreak and Prometheus Let’s Talk iOS 168: What we want to see from Apple in... Happy New Year firework wallpapers   skip to main content skip to main menu     Apple has been quietly poaching engineers from automotive mapping company Here By Christian Zibreg, Dec 15, 2016 Tweet 3 Comments Over the past few months, Apple has been quietly hiring engineers away from Here, a Berlin-based automotive mapping company, for mapping jobs in Berlin. Interestingly, Apple’s never publicly confirmed that it has an office in Berlin. According to LinkedIn profiles discovered by Business Insider, Apple’s poached at least half a dozen employees from Here, jointly owned by German car makers Audi, BMW and Daimler. “In the past several months, Apple has hired several people away from Here for mapping jobs in Berlin,” a local source told Business Insider. Some of the hires include Khang Tran, a senior software engineer at Here who joined Apple as a software engineer this month; Gilbert Schulz, a program manager at Here who joined the Cupertino firm in April; Konstantin Sinitsyn, a senior software engineer at Here who joined Apple last November as a software engineer; Manfred Reich, regional map and content lead for the Eastern Europe region at Here who joined Apple in July 2015; Andrey Arsentyev, a product manager at Here Maps who joined Apple in May 2015; and Torsten Krenz, a director at Here who joined Apple in August 2014. These engineers now work on the Apple Maps team, as per their LinkedIn profiles. German newspaper Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung said in April that Apple was working on a secret vehicle research and development lab in Germany. However, recent reports have asserted that the iPhone maker may have abandoned plans to build an electric vehicle of its own and is now thought to be focused on autonomous driving software. Earlier in the month, Bloomberg reported that the Cupertino giant would use high-tech drones to help improve the accuracy and reliability of Apple Maps. Offices of the Here startup in Germany, via Apple Maps. Source: Business Insider Share: Tweet Follow: Follow @iDownloadBlog We Recommend ChargePoint electric vehicle stations added to Apple Maps with Apple Pay support Bloomberg: Apple plans to use drones and new indoor navigation features to improve Maps Apple Maps transit directions live for iOS 10.1 beta users in Japan ahead of launch Bloomberg: Apple’s Project Titan prioritizes autonomous driving amid new hirings Related Topics Apple, Apple Maps, Automotive, Cars, Corporate, Here, Hiring, Mapping, Maps, News, Rumors Philip Kuo When you said the mapping company “here” I thought you mean Nokia (cuz the pin pointed to Nokia on the picture) lmao Anonymouse Nokia used to own ‘Here Maps’. I think it was sold off a few years ago. Greg S Dunno. All these reports of Apple evolving only driving software doesn’t make sense. Apple likes controlling the software AND hardware; Tim Cook & others will not tolerate being dictated to by car makers. To me this doesn’t pass the sniff test. Something feels wrong here.   Search Connect with iDownloadBlog Facebook Become a fan RSS Get the latest news YouTube Watch Us Twitter Stay up to date Newsletter News delivered to you Google+ Add us to your circle   The most recent headlines Apple shares wallpapers created with Mac and iOS devices for Chinese New Year How to add Live Photos to your Instagram stories This is what the iPhone’s interface could have looked like TSSChecker now correctly supports iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus Apple executives miss out on cash incentives as company falls short of sales goals   The latest jailbreak news TSSChecker now correctly supports iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus Yalu + mach_portal now supports TSMC models: still unstable NoTodayView disables the Spotlight widget page on the Home and Lock screens AntennaGIFDL lets you download GIFs from the Antenna Reddit client app CasualAlarm uses random songs from your music library for alarm sounds iDownloadBlog           iDownloadblog.com About About Advertise Contact Keep in Touch Twitter Facebook RSS Feed Newsletter Push Notifications Podcasts Let's Talk iOS Let's Talk Jailbreak Site Stuff Disclosure Privacy Policy   Copyright iDownloadBlog 2017. This website is not affiliated with Apple.
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Jan 06, 8:05 PM EST Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology Weight Watchers is Offering Apple Watch Series 2 in New Promo Plan By Denisse Moreno On 12/15/16 AT 3:48 PM Close Weight Watchers is offering an “Online Plus” promotion plan that includes the Apple Watch, promising a more “easier and more personal” weight loss journey. With the new promo, participants with the Apple Watch combined with the iPhone can earn “FitPoints” with the waterproof watch while doing exercises like running and swimming. With the plan, participants can track and plan their day with the iPhone app and the Apple Watch. Users can also sync their step count with the Apple Health app and use Apple’s heart rate sensor. Related Stories Apple Watches Bricked After New watchOS 3.1.1 Update These Were The Best Wearable Tech Items In 2016 Plan Prices Those who want to participate in the plan that offers the 38mm Apple Watch pay a one-time $99.95 fee. After the first payment, users will be charged $34.95 per month for the next 12 months until the program is cancelled. The 42mm Apple Watch is not offered with the promo. An online plan without the 38mm Apple Watch included is priced at $242 for 13 months. The Apple Watch Series 2 was announced in September alongside the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. The watch has an original price of $369 for the 38mm version, which Weight Watchers is offering, and goes up to $1,299 for the new 42-millimeter white ceramic edition. Apple is not a participant in or sponsor of the promotion, Weight Watchers said. Join the Discussion Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Business Donald Trump Attacks Toyota On Twitter The president-elect has previously targeted other automakers, including General Motors in a recent tweet, and Ford Motor on the campaign trail. Technology NVIDIA, Mercedes-Benz Will Make An AI-Powered Car The two companies announced the partnership at CES this week. World War Over Water? In Central Asia, Uzbekistan, Kyrgyzstan, Kazakhstan and China Battle Over Dry Land Seasonal snow melt generally feeds into area rivers, providing water to communities in Uzbekistan, Kyrgyzstan, Kazakhstan and the Xinjiang region in China. National Esteben Santiago Isn't The First Ex-Serviceman To Turn Weapons On Civilians Reports indicate he served in both the Alaska and Puerto Rico National Guard. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Place an advert Buy a photo Plus Rewards Puzzles Like us Follow us Login Register  ° Site Search Phrase News Sport What's On Jobs Property Motors Directory Notices Buy&Sell Subscribe Dating ALL You can now download Tinder on your TV so the whole family can have a say in your matches! By RA_Herald  |  Posted: December 15, 2016 By Richard Amofa, @RichardAmofa   0 COMMENTS   SHARES iStock Now your family can have a say in who you match with You can now download Tinder on your TV so the whole family can have a say in... X Share Tweet Share Pin It Email Copy link to paste in your message / Pictures: iStock Now your family can have a say in who you match with Three easy ways to give your home a fresh look for the new... 1 Friends club together to buy Dudes - and turn it into a... 1 January sale on train tickets between Plymouth and London... 1 Comments (0) This year has been one of quirkiness, weirdness and absurdity. And in another funky twist after dating app Tinder has now been made available on Apple TV, meaning that love-matching can become an occasion for all of the family this Christmas. Dating apps, once providing an insular experience, can now be a collaborative effort, with matches being made all with a swipe of Apple's touch sensitive Siri remote. The same concepts still apply: swipe right for a match, swipe left if you disapprove. Tinder is now available on Apple TV, allowing you to view potential matches on the big screen and swipe left or right using Apple's touch-sensitive Siri Remote. According to Adweek, Tinder sees its Apple TV integration as a handy way to avoid the "no phones at the dinner table" rule while simultaneously giving modern dating a sprinkle of old-school matchmaking. Now people can find love from their couches after having their Christmas dinner, and the whole family can have a say in who you match with! Read next: It was out of character for Argyle's McCormick to goad Mandeville It was very out of character to see Luke McCormick goad Liam Mandeville after he missed a penalty in the dying stages of Plymouth Argyle 's match against... 1 comment Looe 'Elvis' filmed women in toilet and hid video in shrine to 'The King', sex abuse trial told An Elvis impersonator from South East Cornwall recorded three women doing private acts and stored the footage in his 'Elvis Room', a court has heard.Derrel... Disabled soldier 'stoked' by bronze medal at world surfing champs A former soldier who was told he should never surf kayak again after he nearly died on the water has won a bronze medal at the world championships in the sport... 120 Plymouth paedophiles seek help to stop viewing sick child abuse images Almost 120 paedophiles in Plymouth have sought help to stop looking at sex abuse images of children online in the last 12 months. New figures from the... Blue star Duncan James reveals which Plymouth nightclub he used to party in Mirror, mirror on the wall, is Duncan James the fairest co-star of them all?The heartthrob prepares to take to the stage as Prince Charming in Theatre Royal... Report this article Read more from Plymouth Herald Most Recent Most Commented Three easy ways to give your home a fresh look for the new year Friends club together to buy Dudes - and turn it into a hair... January sale on train tickets between Plymouth and London... Tom Daley's wedding to take place this year - and it could be in... New Gould's owner: Why I've bought Plymouth's 'living museum' Could Tom Daley be heading for a new career as a TV chef? Do you have something to say? Leave your comment here... max 4000 characters Comments Newest Oldest Best Rated YOUR COMMENTS AWAITING MODERATION Send me jobs by email Hot Jobs Administration Assistant Salary : DOE Upholsterer Salary : Good rate of pay. Kitchen/Catering Assistant Salary : Competitive Manager Salary : The salary is £8.90 per hour Administrator Salary : Undisclosed Care Assistants Salary : TBD Care Worker Salary : Competitive Bar Staff Salary : Undisclosed Dental Nurse Salary : Undisclosed LGV Class II Driver Salary : £29,289 Care Worker Salary : Competitive Care Assistant Salary : Competitive Early Years Worker Salary : £15,296 per annum Show your pictures Upload your pictures and share with the community! × Report Abuse Name * Email * What is the primary reason you are reporting this message as abusive? General Abuse Profanity Explicit Content Impersonation Harassment Libel Racial Abuse Religious Abuse Spam Private Information Additional Comments? Cancel Report Abuse Related Links News Business Crime Politics Entertainment Education Health Jobs News Weather Transport Have Your Say Polls Sport Football Plymouth Argyle Plymouth Albion Plymouth Raiders Plymouth Devils Rugby Cricket Other Sports Our Site Video Jobs Dating Vouchers Letters How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Promotions Buy and Sell Notices Buy a Photo Cars Property Classifieds Places Shopping Estate Agents Restaurants Health and Beauty Hotels and Travel Attractions Pubs and Bars Hairdressers Sport and Leisure Services Tradesmen Business Services Motoring Builders and Construction Gardening Education Plumbers Legal Services Taxis and Vehicle Hire Copyright © 2017 Local World. All Rights Reserved. Contact Us Privacy & Cookies Terms & Conditions House Rules
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Apple Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Apple Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts American States Water Company (AWR) Director Lloyd E. Ross Sells 1,100 Shares K. Phil Yoo Sells 2,000 Shares of Antero Resources Corporation (AR) Stock Century Bancorp, Inc. (CNBKA) Major Shareholder James J. Filler Buys 806 Shares Loeb Partners Corp Lowers Stake in Time Warner Inc. (TWX) Bokf Na Buys 301 Shares of Ross Stores, Inc. (ROST) Becton, Dickinson and Company (BDX) Shares Bought by Bokf Na Laurion Capital Management LP Has $4,407,000 Stake in Calpine Corporation (CPN) Convergence Investment Partners LLC Acquires 53,294 Shares of Morgan Stanley (MS) Eagle Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (EGRX) Trading Down 8.6% on Insider Selling Jack In The Box Inc. (JACK) Director David Goebel Sells 1,376 Shares Cardtronics PLC (CATM) CEO Steven A. Rathgaber Sells 6,000 Shares 50,000 Shares in Workday, Inc. (WDAY) Acquired by Espalier Global Management LLC Regions Financial Corporation (RF) Shares Sold by Convergence Investment Partners LLC Value Holdings LP Has $4,607,000 Stake in Applied Industrial Technologies, Inc. (AIT) Cimarex Energy Co (XEC) Stake Lowered by Thomas Story & Son LLC First Citizens Bank & Trust Co. Raises Position in Wyndham Worldwide Corp (WYN) M. Kraus & Co Sells 4,653 Shares of Cisco Systems, Inc. (CSCO) Intercontinental Exchange Inc. (ICE) Shares Bought by Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co. Ltd. UMB Bank N A MO Decreases Stake in TJX Companies, Inc. (The) (TJX) Laurion Capital Management LP Raises Position in Eastman Chemical Company (EMN) Hexavest Inc. Buys 287,654 Shares of Apple Inc. (AAPL) Posted by Tony Sherman on Dec 15th, 2016 // No Comments Tweet Hexavest Inc. increased its stake in Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) by 17.9% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 1,896,092 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock after buying an additional 287,654 shares during the period. Apple accounts for 3.7% of Hexavest Inc.’s holdings, making the stock its largest position. Hexavest Inc.’s holdings in Apple were worth $214,353,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. A number of other large investors also recently made changes to their positions in the company. Penserra Capital Management LLC raised its stake in shares of Apple by 39.2% in the second quarter. Penserra Capital Management LLC now owns 1,080 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock valued at $103,000 after buying an additional 304 shares in the last quarter. Delphi Private Advisors LLC raised its stake in shares of Apple by 5.0% in the second quarter. Delphi Private Advisors LLC now owns 1,462 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock valued at $140,000 after buying an additional 69 shares in the last quarter. Hussman Strategic Advisors Inc. bought a new stake in shares of Apple during the second quarter valued at approximately $143,000. Roble Belko & Company Inc raised its stake in shares of Apple by 60.6% in the second quarter. Roble Belko & Company Inc now owns 1,803 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock valued at $172,000 after buying an additional 680 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Smith Affiliated Capital Corp. raised its stake in shares of Apple by 158.0% in the second quarter. Smith Affiliated Capital Corp. now owns 1,935 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock valued at $185,000 after buying an additional 1,185 shares in the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 56.84% of the company’s stock. Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) opened at 115.19 on Thursday. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $111.14 and a 200-day moving average of $106.93. The company has a market cap of $614.23 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 13.86 and a beta of 1.29. Apple Inc. has a 52-week low of $89.47 and a 52-week high of $118.69. Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, October 25th. The iPhone maker reported $1.67 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $1.66 by $0.01. The firm had revenue of $46.85 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $46.88 billion. Apple had a return on equity of 35.59% and a net margin of 21.19%. The company’s quarterly revenue was down 9.0% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter last year, the business earned $1.96 EPS. On average, analysts forecast that Apple Inc. will post $9.01 EPS for the current year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece was reported by Web Breaking News and is the propert of of Web Breaking News. If you are viewing this piece on another website, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of US & international trademark & copyright legislation. The original version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2016/12/15/hexavest-inc-buys-287654-shares-of-apple-inc-aapl.html. AAPL has been the topic of a number of recent research reports. BMO Capital Markets restated an “outperform” rating and issued a $140.00 price objective (up from $116.00) on shares of Apple in a research note on Monday, September 19th. OTR Global upgraded shares of Apple to a “positive” rating in a research note on Wednesday, October 12th. Cowen and Company lifted their price objective on shares of Apple from $125.00 to $135.00 and gave the company an “outperform” rating in a research note on Friday, October 21st. JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated an “overweight” rating and issued a $107.00 price objective on shares of Apple in a research note on Wednesday, October 26th. Finally, BTIG Research lifted their price objective on shares of Apple from $124.00 to $133.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Thursday, September 15th. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have given a hold rating, forty-two have assigned a buy rating and two have given a strong buy rating to the company. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $128.39. In other Apple news, CFO Luca Maestri sold 16,950 shares of the stock in a transaction on Monday, November 7th. The stock was sold at an average price of $110.03, for a total transaction of $1,865,008.50. Following the transaction, the chief financial officer now owns 12,055 shares in the company, valued at approximately $1,326,411.65. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this link. Also, insider Daniel J. Riccio sold 22,381 shares of the stock in a transaction on Wednesday, September 21st. The stock was sold at an average price of $113.06, for a total value of $2,530,395.86. Following the transaction, the insider now owns 47,043 shares in the company, valued at approximately $5,318,681.58. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Company insiders own 0.08% of the company’s stock. Apple Company Profile Apple Inc (Apple) designs, manufactures and markets mobile communication and media devices, personal computers, and portable digital music players, and a variety of related software, services, peripherals, networking solutions, and third-party digital content and applications. The Company’s products and services include iPhone, iPad, Mac, iPod, Apple TV, a portfolio of consumer and professional software applications, the iOS and OS X operating systems, iCloud, and a variety of accessory, service and support offerings. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding AAPL? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL). Receive News & Ratings for Apple Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Apple Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Eli Lilly and Co. (LLY) Stake Decreased by BlackRock Inc. Next » State of Wisconsin Investment Board Has $222,200,000 Position in Merck & Co. (MRK) Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Jump to navigation Log in Sign Up Feed Main menu Articles Containers Gaming Hardware 3D printing Arduino Raspberry Pi Law Licensing Patents Linux OpenStack Programming JavaScript Perl Python SysAdmin DevOps Resources Projects and applications Conferences and events Organizations The open source cloud Big data Docker Internet of things Kubernetes Linux containers Microservices OpenStack Software defined networking Open source alternatives Alternatives to Acrobat Alternatives to AutoCAD Alternatives to Dreamweaver Alternatives to Gmail Alternatives to MATLAB Alternatives to Minecraft Alternatives to Picasa Alternatives to Publisher Alternatives to Slack Alternatives to Trello More... eBooks Open source yearbook Community Join the community Register Rules for comments and discussions Community Moderator program Community Columnist program Points and badges Editorial calendar Submit your story Writer Testimonials Guides for writers Article submission and style guide How to conduct an interview How to enter an article Tips for promoting your Opensource.com article Contributor Club Editorial writing topics About The Open Source Way Meet the team Press kit Contact The Open Org What is an open organization? What is The Open Organization? What is the Open Decision Framework? Twitter chats Open Org FAQs Resources Field guide download Catalyst in Chief download Leaders Manual download Chapter download Discussion guide download Readling list Book club Ambassadors program Meet the ambassadors Search form Search Main menu Articles Containers Gaming Hardware 3D printing Arduino Raspberry Pi Law Linux OpenStack Programming JavaScript Perl Python SysAdmin DevOps Resources Projects and applications Conferences and events Organizations The open source cloud Open source alternatives eBooks Open source yearbook Community Join the community Register Rules for comments and discussions Community Moderator program Community Columnist program Points and badges Editorial calendar Submit your story Writer Testimonials Guides for writers Article submission and style guide How to conduct an interview How to enter an article Tips for promoting your Opensource.com article Contributor Club Editorial writing topics About The Open Org What is an open organization? What is The Open Organization? What is the Open Decision Framework? Twitter chats Open Org FAQs Resources Field guide download Catalyst in Chief download Leaders Manual download Chapter download Discussion guide download Readling list Book club Ambassadors program Improving open source products by managing the software supply chain About the author John Mark Walker - John Mark Walker is Director of Product Management at Dell EMC and is responsible for managing the ViPR Controller product as well as the CoprHD open source community. He has led many open source community efforts, including ManageIQ, » More about me Learn how you can contribute Open source and the software supply chain How do you manage resources for building software made by the open source community? Posted 14 Dec 2016 John Mark WalkerFeed 17up Image credits :  Pixabay Grasping the nuances of hardware supply chains and their management is straightforward—you essentially are tracking moving boxes. Managing something as esoteric as resources for building software with a variety of contributions made by the open source community is more amorphic. When thinking about open source platforms and supply chains, I thought of the supply chain as a single process, taking existing open source components and producing a single result, namely a product. Since then, I’ve begun to realize that supply chain management defines much of the open source ecosystems today. That is, those who know how to manage and influence the supply chain have a competitive advantage over those who don’t do it as well, or even grasp what it is. How a software supply chain functions In the hardware world, supply chains and component sourcing is a necessary part of the business. A well-managed supply chain is crucial to business success. How do you determine ideal pricing, build relationships with the right manufacturers, and maximize the efficiency of your supply chain so you’re able to produce more products cheaply and sell more of them? Apple’s supply chain is legendary—they were one of the first to realize that a key to competing is building out an effective supply chain of parts, and they did it at a time when Silicon Valley preferred to build most of the components themselves. The computing industry laughed at Apple, calling them a "marketing company" that just took parts from elsewhere. These days, every hardware company has an extensive supply chain and dedicates teams of people to managing different aspects of it. The irony is that Apple is probably more innovative on supply chain logistics than they are on actual product. To put it another way, their innovation in supply chain logistics gave them a great platform from which to launch innovative products. In software, the supply chain has traditionally been much simpler than that for hardware. Whereas hardware supply chains source parts from many different partners in different geographies, traditional software supply chains have mostly defined the process of creating software made in-house, with some third-party software from vendors via commercial license agreements. In this model, most of the supply chain is defined by software sources inside the company itself, possibly from multiple engineering teams. With a small percentage of software coming from outside the company, the process of defining a supply chain was mostly left to internal product management and engineering teams. Yes, licensing software from third-party vendors required license compliance checks as the product was assembled, which meant getting legal approval for any software license agreement. This process was well-established with common practices, with many of the license agreements derived from the same legal template that legal and product management teams had experience with—but then open source became a lot more common, and everything changed. Software supply chain management went from a relatively simple, well-defined process, like this: To a chaotic, multi-layered mix of unproven licenses, untested software repositories, and a Wild West mentality that software supply chain teams were ill-equipped to manage. The funnel is now shaped more like: As you can see, at least one extra layer of complexity has now been added. You might think that this wouldn’t be the case—that simply plugging in open source components would be a direct 1:1 replacement for the traditional method of licensing agreements from third parties, but there’s an extra wrinkle to take under consideration. With regards to upstream open source components, many of these raw source repositories have no mechanism for commercial support. As the supply chain or product manager you have no single "throat to choke" when things go wrong, as they inevitably do. You have two basic choices: either build your own internal means of vetting the code and applying product management processes, or rely on an intermediary to perform that function. You can make an argument for creating the processes for pulling down source code, determining legal compliance, applying patches, and getting it ready for production yourself, but it is expensive from a human resources point of view. You should base your decision whether or not to self-direct the process on its strategic importance to the company and some ROI analysis: If you build a team to manage that process for some software components, will you see a sufficient return on that investment? In many cases, companies make the decision to go with an intermediary to vet the code, perform some quality assurance engineering, and apply whatever glue code is necessary to make it work satisfactorily. This is where software distributions come into play, filled by companies like Red Hat, SUSE, and Canonical. People often ask me why these companies are essential, and I hope you can see now why that is the case—because without them, the open source supply chain falls flat. Without distributions such as Red Hat Enterprise Linux (RHEL) or its equivalent, companies creating products for either internal or external consumption would have to create from whole cloth the processes for pulling in these components, vetting them, hiring the in-house expertise to enhance them, and then perform the gluing process that allows a company to push a release into production. In this scenario, many companies determine that simply letting a distribution company fill in that layer and manage that part of the process is easier and more efficient. Besides, that’s just in the case of the open source "user," not supplier. Here’s where it gets really interesting. At what point does a company that uses or inserts open source code into its products decide that it wants to become an influencer or supplier in the supply chain, and what’s the best way to do that? One potential conclusion is that to be successful at open source products, you must master the ability to influence and manage the sundry supply chains that ultimately come together in the product creation process. Once done, the end product you produce is able to benefit from your participation on the left side of the supply chain funnel directly. Instead of maintaining a standard set of patches that you continuously apply to every new vetted upstream component, why not contribute those into the upstream components, making them more easily maintained outside of your organization? If you’ve already made the decision that working with downstream software distributions is easier than sourcing and vetting the source code yourself, isn’t there a direct benefit from working with the distribution vendor to get your code contributed upstream? Doing so results in the added benefit of other groups managing and supporting the maintenance of this code, freeing up your engineers to work on the interesting stuff that directly adds value to your product. Whether you sell software, sell software consulting services, or create an open source community, studying your supply chain and learning the best way to manage them is worth your time. Hardware supply chains, based on physical materials, are more static in nature compared to software supply chains. The open source software supply chain is by definition very fluid. Projects wax and wane over time, and you, whether business person, developer, or community leader, must decide which pieces are worth your time and when it’s best to cut your losses and switch out one supply chain for another. Which components you use, modify, and create from scratch will all depend on the state of the supply chain that make up your project or product. The process is both proactive and reactive. You must decide proactively which supply chains to invest in and which to ignore, while also reacting to rapid changes in relied-upon ecosystems. Those that master this art will, in theory, have the most efficient processes and, like Apple, will win out in the end. The desired result is achieving a level of efficiency that gives your project team the means to innovate more. If you can efficiently manage your software component supply chains and simultaneously create an efficient supply chain funnel that allows for fast iteration on a product under development, your product creation and management processes will improve. This management requires the investment of resources in not just your product’s QE team and supply chain funnel, but also in the supply chains that form the components you use to create your product. Tags Programming About the author John Mark Walker - John Mark Walker is Director of Product Management at Dell EMC and is responsible for managing the ViPR Controller product as well as the CoprHD open source community. He has led many open source community efforts, including ManageIQ, » More about me Learn how you can contribute Recommended reading What does cross stitch have to do with programming? More than you think Hot programming trends in 2016 Best of Opensource.com: Programming 9 lessons from 25 years of Linux kernel development Python scripting in Scribus: Making pie charts Managing data with Groovy: Lookups and accumulators Comment now Login or Register to earn points for your comments. Your name * E-mail * The content of this field is kept private and will not be shown publicly. Accept the Terms of Use to continue. You are licensing your contribution(s) as CC-BY-SA. * Comment * Home page By submitting this form, you accept the Mollom privacy policy. Sign up for Opensource.com news Footer Privacy Policy Terms of Use Contact Meet the Team Visit opensource.org Find us:  Twitter Facebook Google Plus Instagram Youtube LinkedIn Flickr RSS For more discussion on open source and the role of the CIO in the enterprise, join us at The EnterprisersProject.com. The opinions expressed on this website are those of each author, not of the author's employer or of Red Hat. Opensource.com aspires to publish all content under a Creative Commons license but may not be able to do so in all cases. You are responsible for ensuring that you have the necessary permission to reuse any work on this site. Red Hat and the Shadowman logo are trademarks of Red Hat, Inc., registered in the United States and other countries.
Search Type anything and hit enter. N4BB | Community Sections Auto Deals Entertainment Gadgets Gaming Mobile Reviews Tech Web & Social Auto Deals Entertainment Gaming Movies Music Nintendo Xbox Sony PlayStation PC Games Mobile Gaming Television Exclusive Featured Gadgets Guide Interview Mobile Android Apple BlackBerry iOS Jailbreak iPhone 7 Windows Netflix Opinion Podcast Preview Review Roundup Science Tech Apps & Software Business Computers Concept Photography Tablets Video Wearable Tech Web & Social Viral COPYRIGHT © 2016 DIGIMENTAL MEDIA GROUP, ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. AirPods UK Release Date: UK Stores Doll-Up For The AirPods UK Release The Wireless Earphones May Be Out For Christmas by Sarah • December 15, 2016 December 15, 2016 in Gadgets You can expect the Apple AirPods to hit the stores in the UK as early as the 2016 Christmas. It is no news that the Cupertino tech giant missed the October month launch scheduled for the AirPods. Apple’s CEO Tim Cook has hinted that the most rumored next-generation wireless headphones will be out soon! Apple Missed The Big Launch Window Apple first planned the launch of the AirPods alongside the next generation iPhone, iPhone7, and 7Plus in October 2016. However, the company only made an announcement about the AirPods, the design, and price at the time of the launch. ADVERTISEMENT Fans across the globe have welcomed the wireless earphones as the most evident next-generation fix. In fact, most of us were worried that the wireless earphones will miss out the holiday shopping season. Apple’s Statement Apple also, released a statement a few months back that, the early response of fans on the AirPods has been incredible. The company also had stated that they don’t believe in releasing their product to the stores before it is ready. They also said that they would require some more time for the product to be market-ready. Although, Apple has not mentioned why there has been a delay in the launch of the AirPods. After the statement, there has been a long silence. There hasn’t been any news or updates from apple on when we can expect the AirPods. A concerned fan has shot a mail recently. And you know what? Apple CEO Tim Cook has replied to the mail. A Fans Shoots Tim Cook A Mail A MacRumors reader emailed to Apple CEO Tim Cook asking for the release date of the next-generation Bluetooth earphones. He has expressed that he was really into the wireless earphones. That, it is difficult to charge his iPhone 7 and use his EarPods simultaneously, as both share the same port. The reader has also asked Tim Cook to share if it would take a month or 6 months or more. Also, if the AirPods are taking much time, he wrote that he could buy some other wireless headphones. He also berated to give a release date in his mail to CEO Tim Cook. ADVERTISEMENT Apple CEO Has Hinted On The Most-Anticipated Release Tim Cook thanked the reader and replied, “Sorry for the delay.” He has also mentioned that Apple is finishing up the AirPods and he expects to start shipping them in the next few weeks. AirPods UK Release Date: Stores In London Get Ready For The AirPods Shipment The central London store is the first Apple Store in the UK that has added huge video walls, free workshops, and an amazingly new makeover. Rumors suggest that Apple will ship out the AirPods to the UK as early as December 17 to 19, 2016. Perhaps, that could be the reason behind the stores getting dolled up. All You Need To Know About The AirPods Apple touts that the Bluetooth earphones will offer high-quality audio playback. They can pair with all of your Apple devices on the cloud. You can summon Siri just with a double-tap. The accelerometer built into each AirPod identifies if you’re speaking and filters external noise. A built-in ultra-efficient Apple W1 chip powers the AirPods for five hours of audio playback. Additionally, the charging case will top-up an extra 24 hours. A pair of these fancy wireless earphones and the charging case will cost you £159. The same number in dollars and pounds? That must be saddening UK fans. Yet, don’t they seem an attractive grab? So you can expect the AirPods to hit the shelves by Christmas. Until then stay tuned! Tagged in: AirPods / Apple 2016 / Apple iPhone 7 / Apple iPhone 7 Plus / Tim Cook Share Tweet Sarah All Sarah's Posts A passionate writer and a lover of books. Loves Poetry, Gaming, Gadgets, Music and Coffee. Comments Be The First to Comment Related Reads Mobile Google Hands Free: Pay Without Using Your Phone or Wallet Sid Suvarna • March 8, 2016 Apple macOS Sierra: Here’s Everything That’s New, Developers Download the Beta Now Sid Suvarna • June 22, 2016 Android, Gadgets Huawei Watch Listing Leaks on Amazon Stefany Baez • August 28, 2015 Mobile Trick To Free Up Some iPhone Storage Space Instantly Usha Bhavani • April 3, 2016 Apple, Apps & Software, BlackBerry BBM for iPhone Beta Adds Apple Watch App, New Sticker Club Subscription and More JT Teran • September 16, 2015 Connect With Us Get the latest news from N4BB direct to your inbox daily.. COPYRIGHT © 2016 DIGIMENTAL MEDIA GROUP, ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Webdesign by FHOKE
Skip to content SAT Press Releases pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Submit the press release Our Team & Contact Posted on December 15, 2016December 15, 2016 by Monika Donimirska Technical Reports on Electronic Equipment Stocks — Apple, Philips, Sony, and Energous NEW YORK, December 15, 2016 /PRNewswire/ — The Electronic Equipment industry is engaged in the designing, manufacturing, and selling of electrical and electronic products for consumer and industrial use. Companies in this category generally offer below-average dividend yields. Today, Stock-Callers.com has lined up four equities for assessment: Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL), Koninklijke Philips N.V. (NYSE: PHG), Sony Corp. (NYSE: SNE), and Energous Corp. (NASDAQ: WATT). Download the free research reports on these stocks today: http://stock-callers.com/registration Apple  Cupertino, California headquartered Apple Inc.’s shares closed Wednesday’s trading session flat at $115.19. The stock recorded a trading volume of 33.94 million shares. Shares of the Company have advanced 8.97% in the last month, 0.18% in the previous three months, and 11.87% on an YTD basis. The stock is trading 2.45% above its 50-day moving average and 10.23% above its 200-day moving average. Additionally, shares of Apple, which designs, manufactures, and markets mobile communication and media devices, personal computers, and portable digital music players to consumers, small and mid-sized businesses, and education, enterprise, and government customers worldwide, have a Relative Strength Index (RSI) of 62.32. On December 13th, 2016, Apple announced AirPods are available to order online now from Apple.com and will start delivering to customers and arriving at Apple Stores, Apple Authorized Resellers and select carriers next week. AirPods introduce an effortless wireless listening experience packed with high-quality audio and long battery life. These magical wireless headphones use advanced technology to reinvent how we listen to music, make phone calls, enjoy TV shows and movies, play games, and interact with Siri, providing a wireless audio experience not possible before. See our free and comprehensive research report on AAPL at: http://stock-callers.com/registration/?symbol=AAPL Koninklijke Philips  On Wednesday, shares in Amsterdam, the Netherlands-based Koninklijke Philips N.V. recorded a trading volume of 981,569 shares. The stock declined 1.14%, ending the day at $29.52. The Company’s shares have advanced 1.72% in the last month, 1.51% over the previous three months, and 20.03% since the start of this year. The stock is trading above its 50-day and 200-day moving averages by 0.66% and 7.52%, respectively. Furthermore, shares of Philips, which engages in healthcare, consumer lifestyle, and lighting businesses worldwide, have an RSI of 52.84. On December 12th, 2016, research firm Morgan Stanley downgraded the Company’s stock rating from ‘Overweight’ to ‘Equal-Weight’. On December 13th, 2016, Philips announced the acceptance for publication of a study in CHEST that demonstrates the benefits of intensive care unit (ICU) telemedicine. The study results establish that the Philips eICU Program with centralized bed management control increased case volume by up to 44% and improved contribution margins by up to 665%, or $52.7 million. PHG free research report PDF is just a click away at: http://stock-callers.com/registration/?symbol=PHG Sony  Japan headquartered Sony Corp.’s stock finished the day 2.57% lower at $28.82, with a total trading volume of 876,314 shares. The Company’s shares have gained 17.11% on an YTD basis. The stock is trading below its 200-day moving average by 1.61%. Additionally, shares of Sony, which designs, develops, manufactures, and sells electronic equipment, instruments, and devices for consumer, professional, and industrial markets worldwide, have an RSI of 41.36. On December 12th, 2016, Sony announced that together with certain of its subsidiaries they have reached a settlement with the European Commission following an EU antitrust investigation of competition in the secondary batteries market involving a number of battery manufacturers. The settlement covers the period from February 2004 through October 2007. Sony has agreed to pay a fine of approximately EUR 29.8 million in connection with the settlement. Sign up for your complimentary report on SNE at: http://stock-callers.com/registration/?symbol=SNE Energous  Shares in San Jose, California headquartered Energous Corp. ended yesterday’s session 1.05% lower at $16.02. The stock recorded a trading volume of 432,663 shares. The Company’s shares have advanced 16.00% in the last one month and 102.53% on an YTD basis. The stock is trading 3.32% and 22.48% above its 50-day and 200-day moving averages, respectively. Moreover, shares of Energous, which engages in the development of a wire-free charging system, have an RSI of 51.11. On November 30th, 2016, Energous announced a significant win before the US Patent Office’s Patent Trial and Appeal Board (PTAB). Earlier this year, Ossia, Inc. filed two Post Grant Review petitions challenging all of the claims of Energous’ US Patent No. 9,124,125, which is one of several Energous patents relating to systems and methods for wireless power transmission. The PTAB declined to institute review of 16 of 18 claims of the patent. The Board declined to review any of the claims based on prior art, and instead, instituted a review of only 2 out of 18 claims in the patent based on the way in which the two claims were written. Register for free on Stock-Callers.com and download the latest research report on WATT at: http://stock-callers.com/registration/?symbol=WATT — Stock Callers:  Stock Callers (SC) produces regular sponsored and non-sponsored reports, articles, stock market blogs, and popular investment newsletters covering equities listed on NYSE and NASDAQ and micro-cap stocks. SC has two distinct and independent departments. One department produces non-sponsored analyst certified content generally in the form of press releases, articles and reports covering equities listed on NYSE and NASDAQ and the other produces sponsored content (in most cases not reviewed by a registered analyst), which typically consists of compensated investment newsletters, articles and reports covering listed stocks and micro-caps. Such sponsored content is outside the scope of procedures detailed below.  SC has not been compensated; directly or indirectly; for producing or publishing this document.  PRESS RELEASE PROCEDURES: The non-sponsored content contained herein has been prepared by a writer (the “Author”) and is fact checked and reviewed by a third party research service company (the “Reviewer”) represented by a credentialed financial analyst [for further information on analyst credentials, please email info@stock-callers.com. Rohit Tuli, a CFA® charterholder (the “Sponsor”), provides necessary guidance in preparing the document templates. The Reviewer has reviewed and revised the content, as necessary, based on publicly available information which is believed to be reliable. Content is researched, written and reviewed on a reasonable-effort basis. The Reviewer has not performed any independent investigations or forensic audits to validate the information herein. The Reviewer has only independently reviewed the information provided by the Author according to the procedures outlined by SC. SC is not entitled to veto or interfere in the application of such procedures by the third-party research service company to the articles, documents or reports, as the case may be. Unless otherwise noted, any content outside of this document has no association with the Author or the Reviewer in any way.   NO WARRANTY  SC, the Author, and the Reviewer are not responsible for any error which may be occasioned at the time of printing of this document or any error, mistake or shortcoming. No liability is accepted whatsoever for any direct, indirect or consequential loss arising from the use of this document. SC, the Author, and the Reviewer expressly disclaim any fiduciary responsibility or liability for any consequences, financial or otherwise arising from any reliance placed on the information in this document. Additionally, SC, the Author, and the Reviewer do not (1) guarantee the accuracy, timeliness, completeness or correct sequencing of the information, or (2) warrant any results from use of the information. The included information is subject to change without notice.  NOT AN OFFERING  This document is not intended as an offering, recommendation, or a solicitation of an offer to buy or sell the securities mentioned or discussed, and is to be used for informational purposes only. Please read all associated disclosures and disclaimers in full before investing. Neither SC nor any party affiliated with us is a registered investment adviser or broker-dealer with any agency or in any jurisdiction whatsoever. To download our report(s), read our disclosures, or for more information, visit http://stock-callers.com/legal-disclaimer/ CONTACT For any questions, inquiries, or comments reach out to us directly. If you‘re a company we are covering and wish to no longer feature on our coverage list contact us via email and/or phone between 09:30 EDT to 16:00 EDT from Monday to Friday at: Email: info@stock-callers.com Phone number: +44 330 808 3765 Office Address: Clyde Offices, Second Floor, 48 West George Street, Glasgow, U.K. -G2 1BP CFA® and Chartered Financial Analyst® are registered trademarks owned by CFA Institute. SOURCE Chelmsford Park SA CategoriessatPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious NS1 Opens New UK Office to Support Commercial Expansion in EMEA Next PostNext ZigBee Alliance and Thread Group Successfully Demonstrate Products Running ZigBee’s Universal Language for Smart Devices on Thread Networks Search Search for: Search Submit the press release now! Recent Posts Kratos to Present at the 19th Annual Needham Growth Conference January 6, 2017 Frost & Sullivan Recognizes Nuvectra’s Pioneering Spinal Cord Stimulation Product for Chronic Pain Management January 6, 2017 Hearst Agrees to Acquire Majority Ownership of TV Program Producer and Distributor Litton Entertainment January 6, 2017 Rapper Teflon Don Drops New Hip Hop Dance Song “Stop n Go” ft iLoveMemphis & J Renee #StopAndGoChallenge January 6, 2017 Jeong Hwan Choi Honored by Marquis Who’s Who for Excellence in Civil Engineering January 6, 2017 Proudly powered by WordPress
Home Contact Advertise About RSS @PowerPage @JasonOGrady Amazon App released for tvOS, allows browsing, purchases via Apple TV Posted by: Chris Barylick Date: Thursday, December 15th, 2016, 05:34 Category: Archive, retail, Software, TvOS It’s now easy to buy products from Amazon on your Apple TV. Amazon on Wednesday released a shopping app for any Apple TV running tvOS. The app allows users to purchase products via their Apple TV. Upon downloading it, you’ll be given a code and asked to head to Amazon’s website on your phone or computer to sign in. From there, the app will ask you to create a four-digit pin number for completing purchases. Users can browse, search, get product details, read reviews, view image and video galleries, etc. Prime membership is required to make a purchase on your TV. Other features include dictation to search for products using your voice as well as adding items to review lists to look over later. Amazon’s new shopping app for the Apple is available on the tvOS App Store now for free. If you’ve tried the app and have any feedback to offer, please let us know in the comments. Via 9to5Mac and the App Store Tweet Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) More Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Related Recent Posts AT&T announces global 5G modem, cites "5G Evolution" plans Intel announces new Kaby Lake processors, upgraded Macs likely in 2017 Apple to release Q1 2017 financial results on January 31st Apple Pay to gain support, integration at more than 300,000 MORE loyalty card-based vending machines HDMI 2.1 specification notes released, could bring impressive new features to your Mac Logging In... Leave a Reply Cancel reply Search Recent Posts HDMI 2.1 specification notes released, could bring impressive new features to your Mac Apple Pay to gain support, integration at more than 300,000 MORE loyalty card-based vending machines Apple to release Q1 2017 financial results on January 31st AT&T announces global 5G modem, cites “5G Evolution” plans Intel announces new Kaby Lake processors, upgraded Macs likely in 2017 January 2017 M T W T F S S « Dec       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31   « Previous Post Next Post » Copyright © 1995- Jason D. O'Grady. All rights reserved. O'Grady's PowerPage is a No Beige Production. PowerPage.org | OGrady.com | Action Landscaping Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumour Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Contact Us The Bitbag Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumors Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News iPhone Apple iPhone 8 Specs & Update: iPhone 8 To Get Long-Range Wireless Charging? By Quiruben Dela Cruz Posted on December 15, 2016 Share Tweet Share Share Email Long-distance wireless charging has already been the subject of all the rumors in the past. However, it appears that one of Apple?s suppliers has formed some sort of partnership with one of the leading companies in the wireless charging industry. The chances of long-distance wireless charging being added to the?Apple iPhone 8 specs are now rather high. Apple iPhone 8 Specs: To Revolutionize The Future of Smartphones According to Apple?s Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook, people shouldn?t expect much from the present iPhone 7 because iPhone 8 is the one to create the real evolution. As a matter of fact, the company is already building and planning to revolutionize the smartphone?s future, says Cook. According to Apple?s executives including Cook, their estimation, and expectations for the iPhone 8 is really touching the sky. Furthermore, rumors say that the company is working on 10 different iPhone 8 prototypes. Edge to Edge Display 5.5-inch Screen Flexible OLED A11 Chip(10-nanometer) Optical Image Stabilization Iris or Facial Scanning Long Distance Wireless Charging Related:?Apple Products Could Be ?Made in the US? Pretty Soon Apple Supplier Partnered With Energous According to a report from Fast Company, an Apple supplier named Dialog is now partnered with Energous which is a wireless charging company. Just last month, Energous took an investment worth $10 million from the power management chip maker Dialog Semiconductor. However, three-quarters of Dialog?s business belongs to Apple. Related:?Samsung Gear VR Apps, Accessories; Things You Can Do With Your VR Headset Hence, their investments would certainly affect Apple. In addition, Energous? CEO Steve Rizzone stated that their company is already transferring all of their silicon operations to Dialog. To those who are unfamiliar, Energous has already developed a technology called WattUp RF. The said technology offers a wireless charging technology that has the ability to charge devices from up to 15-feet away. WattUp uses a transmitter, as well as a receiver to do the job, according to Energous. Apple iPhone 8 Specs Already Listed Wireless Charging According to numerous sources, Apple iPhone 8 is really going to feature a wireless charging feature. And now that the company already has its grasps on Energous, iPhone 8 would certainly have it. At the present time, iPhone fans should wait for the official announcement regarding the Apple iPhone 8 Specs. Also Read: BlackBerry QWERTY Smartphone Revealed In Leaked Photos Stay tuned to TheBitbag for the latest in Apple products. Related Items:Apple, Apple iPhone 8, Apple iPhone 8 Specs, iPhone 8, iPhone 8 Wireless Charging, wireless charging Share Tweet Share Share Email Recommended for you Apple iPhone 8 to Have a Fast Charging Feature Possible Apple Products Coming Out in 2017 iPhone May Release 4 Smartphones This Year- Reports About the author Quiruben Dela Cruz Post navigation Asus ROG Swift PG27UQ Unveiled: A 4K 144Hz Gaming Monitor Windows 10 Free Tools To Boost Your Productivity Featured Gravity Rush 2 Powers: Kat Throwing Water Bubbles Excites Fans League Of Legends Warwick Rework: Singed Turns Champion Into Fantasy Wolverine Every Bit Of News In One Dynamic Site: The Bitbag is your one-stop source of news, reviews, features, how-tos, and most relevant information on today?s hottest and most trending topics in the world of Tech, Social Media, Entertainment, and Lifestyle. So if you have anything you want discussed, or you?ve got a few hot tips to share, get in touch with us at contact@thebitbag.com. LATEST NEWS WWE 2K17 Future Stars Pack DLC: New Moves We Can Expect It’s been said many times: the WWE 2K17 Future Stars Pack is highly anticipated... Gears Of War 4 Update: Quitting Penalties, Bans, And More Coming In ‘Season 2’ Recently, the next Gears of War 4 update was confirmed on its official forums.... Final Fantasy 15 DLC: Episode Prompto Play Area Possibly The Whole Niflheim Map In Final Fantasy 15, each of Noctis’ friends has a DLC that focuses more... Mass Effect Andromeda Combat Mechanics: Everything We Know So Far Bioware’s Mass Effect Andromeda is shaping to be one of the most anticipated titles... Mass Effect Andromeda CES 2017 Gameplay Trailer Worries Fans Mass Effect Andromeda just debuted a new gameplay trailer during the Consumer Electronics Show... POPULAR TAGS Pokemon Go Apple Xbox 360 PS3 Microsoft android Xbox One Sony Nintendo iPhone Pokemon ps4 Ubisoft google Samsung Playstation 3 The Division no man's sky PC iOS Editors Pick EA mobile gaming facebook playstation 4 pokemon sun and moon fallout 4 featured Capcom Marvel Stephen Heller iPhone 7 iPad Game of Thrones games Blizzard NBA 2k17 snskid NBA Trade Rumors PlayStation About Us Privacy Policy Contact Us Meet The Team Copyright ? 2016 - Tune Media. All right reserved. To Top
Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumour Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Contact Us The Bitbag Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumors Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Guide Super Mario Run Download: How To Play The New Mobile Game Now By Quiruben Dela Cruz Posted on December 15, 2016 Share Tweet Share Share Email Super Mario Run download link on Apple App Store is now operational for some iOS users. However, people who are still in the dark should wait a little longer as it will eventually arrive soon. Furthermore, people who can see the game on Apple App Store can press the notify button. In this case, people who used the notify button will receive a notification as soon as the game releases in their respective countries. At the present time, Super Mario Run is available in 151 countries around the world and costs $9.99 or ?7.99. People who are very excited to play the game should read on below to figure out how to download and play the game now. Related Modern Strike Online Guide: Getting More Guns, Grenade Tricks & Maps Super Mario Run Download Guide For iOS People who own iPad or iPhone devices are in luck, given that Super Mario Run is only available for iOS users currently. Furthermore, the Super Mario Run download link can be accessed here. As stated above, the game costs $9.99 so people would have to buy the game before proceeding. Super Mario Run Download Guide For Android As stated above, the game is currently available for iOS devices that sport iOS 8 above. There is no doubt that the game will soon reach Android devices in the future despite the lack of launch date. However, Android users can still play the game using emulators that can be found on the internet. Related Nokia 150 Specs & Release Date: HMD Global’s Back-to-Basics Mobile Phone These emulators would allow the users to run iOS apps on Android device. However, it is recommended to avoid these as it might bring a lot more than just the emulator. Most of the websites that claimed to host iOS emulators do have a lot of links to risky software. It is also important to realize that every iOS emulators for Android are only available as apk files. In this case, it would put your Android devices at risk by downloading and installing software from untrusted sources. Given these points, it?s not a recommended path to playing the game as it could do more harm than good. Furthermore, people who would take the risk just to play the game would need to download iOS 8 or above as it is the game?s requirement. Also Read: Apple Products Could Be ‘Made in the US’ Pretty Soon For more Super Mario Run download guide, stay tuned to TheBitBag. Related Items:Apple, iOS, iPad, iPhone, Nintendo, super mario, Super Mario Run, Super Mario Run Release Share Tweet Share Share Email Recommended for you Super Mario Run Android Release: Pre-Register Link Appears on Google Play Store Super Mario Run Guide: Tips to Master the Game Mario Kart 64 Finally Drives To Wii U About the author Quiruben Dela Cruz Post navigation Pokemon GO: 4 Reasons Why It Is The Best Game of 2016 CES 2017: Asus Zenfone AR to Bridge Augmented and Virtual Reality Featured Gravity Rush 2 Powers: Kat Throwing Water Bubbles Excites Fans League Of Legends Warwick Rework: Singed Turns Champion Into Fantasy Wolverine Every Bit Of News In One Dynamic Site: The Bitbag is your one-stop source of news, reviews, features, how-tos, and most relevant information on today?s hottest and most trending topics in the world of Tech, Social Media, Entertainment, and Lifestyle. So if you have anything you want discussed, or you?ve got a few hot tips to share, get in touch with us at contact@thebitbag.com. LATEST NEWS WWE 2K17 Future Stars Pack DLC: New Moves We Can Expect It’s been said many times: the WWE 2K17 Future Stars Pack is highly anticipated... Gears Of War 4 Update: Quitting Penalties, Bans, And More Coming In ‘Season 2’ Recently, the next Gears of War 4 update was confirmed on its official forums.... Final Fantasy 15 DLC: Episode Prompto Play Area Possibly The Whole Niflheim Map In Final Fantasy 15, each of Noctis’ friends has a DLC that focuses more... Mass Effect Andromeda Combat Mechanics: Everything We Know So Far Bioware’s Mass Effect Andromeda is shaping to be one of the most anticipated titles... Mass Effect Andromeda CES 2017 Gameplay Trailer Worries Fans Mass Effect Andromeda just debuted a new gameplay trailer during the Consumer Electronics Show... POPULAR TAGS Pokemon Go Apple Xbox 360 PS3 Microsoft android Xbox One Sony Nintendo iPhone Pokemon ps4 Ubisoft google Samsung Playstation 3 The Division no man's sky PC iOS Editors Pick EA mobile gaming facebook playstation 4 pokemon sun and moon fallout 4 featured Capcom Marvel Stephen Heller iPhone 7 iPad Game of Thrones games Blizzard NBA 2k17 snskid NBA Trade Rumors PlayStation About Us Privacy Policy Contact Us Meet The Team Copyright ? 2016 - Tune Media. All right reserved. To Top
Investing 0 2017: Big Changes Will Produce Big Profits for Savvy Investors 0 Know Exactly What to Buy, What to Sell, and How to Protect Your Money in 2017 Wall Street1 Five "Outrageous" Profit Plays We'll Make in 2017 0 Five of My Most "Outrageous" Profit Plays in 2017 3 You Could Triple Your Money by NOT Doing This 0 The Tech Bet Almost No One Knows About Get the Latest Trading Insight with Keith Fitz-Gerald Total Wealth Research Subscribe to this free eLetter! High Velocity Profits Private service. Not a member? The Money Map Report Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Keith Fitz-Gerald Keith Fitz-Gerald close Trading 0 Our Biggest New Year's Fears… and Why We'll Be Fine Wall Street3 These Five Steps Can Fix America's Markets for Everyone in 2017 0 Market Outlook 2017: Where to Invest – and What to Avoid – in the New Year 0 How You Can Profit from Trump's Energy Deregulation Agenda Wall Street1 Trump Can Deregulate the Banks Without Crashing the Economy – Here’s How Banks4 Here's How Trump Should Approach Banking Deregulation Get the Latest Trading Insight with Shah Gilani Wall Street Insights & Indictments Subscribe to this free eLetter! Captial Wave Forecast Private service. Not a member? Short-Side Fortunes Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Shah Gilani Shah Gilani close Credit Markets 0 This Investment Strategy Is Completely Driven By Fake News (And It's A Real Danger) 0 My Full 2017 Market Forecast 0 My 2016 Report Card (The Good, The Bad and The Ugly) Global Markets0 Buy These Before the "Fed-Up" Crowd Destroys the European Union Stocks0 Here's How to Profit Off the Real Brains of the Market Stocks3 I've Never Seen an Earnings Collapse Like This – Time to Move Get the Latest Markets Insight with Michael Lewitt Sure Money Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Learn more about Michael Lewitt Michael Lewitt close Options 0 This "New Year's Resolution" Could Double Your Income by February 1 0 The Three "New Year" Trading Tips You Need to Know 0 Here's When the Stock Market Rally Will End Trading Strategies1 How to Know What Other Traders Are Thinking… Before They Think It Options1 How to "Convert" Your Household Staples into Cash (Starting Today) Options0 The Best Stock to Buy Before Christmas Get the Latest Options Insight with Tom Gentile Power Profit Trades Subscribe to this free eLetter! Money Calendar Alert Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Tom Gentile Tom Gentile close Technology 0 Despite What This "King" Says, Trump's Plan Will Inflate These Tech Plays Stocks0 Don't Worry: Marijuana Investing in 2017 Will Be Even Better Than 2016 0 These Tech Plays Are "Ready for Prime Time" in 2017 0 This Year's Hottest Toy Is Full of AI 0 This New Year's, Get Aboard the Wealth Rocket 0 The 3 "Singularity Era Tools" You Need in 2017 Get the Latest Technology Insight with Michael Robinson Strategic Tech Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Nova-X Report Private service. Not a member? Radical Technology Profits Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Michael Robinson Michael Robinson close Energy 0 How Trump's Exxon Pick is Changing Global Oil Markets 0 Why Iran's New Oil Contract Won't Change a Thing Oil1 Your 2017 Oil Price Forecast Energy0 Why I'm Paying Close Attention to the Looming UK Blackout Energy0 The Secret Source of Tomorrow's Energy Profits Oil3 Forecast: There Are Big Changes (and Big Profits) Coming to the Oil Sector in 2017 Get the Latest Oil & Energy Insight with Dr. Kent Moors Oil & Energy Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Energy Advantage Private service. Not a member? Energy Inner Circle Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Dr. Moors Dr. Kent Moors close LoginMy Member Benefitsarchivesresearchyour teamabout usFAQLog out Share This Article Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Google+ Reddit Print Email Pinterest Delicious StumbleUpon Gmail Yahoo Tumblr Digg Private Briefing with WILLIAM PATALON III, Executive Editor Our "Rich Folks" Profit Play Had One More Trick up Its Sleeve in 2016 In 2016, our one-of-a-kind “venture capital” fund – the SharesPost 100 Fund (PRIVX) – burst with activity. Over the past year, three of its holdings went public, four other holdings were acquired, and the fund expanded to add more than a dozen new companies. Full Story This is premium content for paid-up Private Briefing subscribers only. How would you like to put an extra $125,000 in your nest egg? You can potentially do it this year - and you'll only have to risk $20 to learn how. Click here. Our FlagshipMoney Morning Michael A. Robinson'sStrategic Tech Investor Shah Gilani'sWall Street Insights & Indictments Access YourProfit Alerts Keith Fitz-Gerald'sTotal Wealth Dr. Kent Moors'Oil & Energy Investor Tom Gentile'sPower Profit Trades Michael Lewitt's Sure Money Research ServicesMoney Map Press Archives Research Your Team About Us FAQ Videos Login to My Account Visit Money Map Press Forget your password? Not a member? Investing 0 2017: Big Changes Will Produce Big Profits for Savvy Investors 0 Know Exactly What to Buy, What to Sell, and How to Protect Your Money in 2017 Wall Street1 Five "Outrageous" Profit Plays We'll Make in 2017 0 Five of My Most "Outrageous" Profit Plays in 2017 3 You Could Triple Your Money by NOT Doing This 0 The Tech Bet Almost No One Knows About Get the Latest Trading Insight with Keith Fitz-Gerald Total Wealth Research Subscribe to this free eLetter! High Velocity Profits Private service. Not a member? The Money Map Report Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Keith Fitz-Gerald Keith Fitz-Gerald close Trading 0 Our Biggest New Year's Fears… and Why We'll Be Fine Wall Street3 These Five Steps Can Fix America's Markets for Everyone in 2017 0 Market Outlook 2017: Where to Invest – and What to Avoid – in the New Year 0 How You Can Profit from Trump's Energy Deregulation Agenda Wall Street1 Trump Can Deregulate the Banks Without Crashing the Economy – Here’s How Banks4 Here's How Trump Should Approach Banking Deregulation Get the Latest Trading Insight with Shah Gilani Wall Street Insights & Indictments Subscribe to this free eLetter! Captial Wave Forecast Private service. Not a member? Short-Side Fortunes Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Shah Gilani Shah Gilani close Credit Markets 0 This Investment Strategy Is Completely Driven By Fake News (And It's A Real Danger) 0 My Full 2017 Market Forecast 0 My 2016 Report Card (The Good, The Bad and The Ugly) Global Markets0 Buy These Before the "Fed-Up" Crowd Destroys the European Union Stocks0 Here's How to Profit Off the Real Brains of the Market Stocks3 I've Never Seen an Earnings Collapse Like This – Time to Move Get the Latest Markets Insight with Michael Lewitt Sure Money Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Learn more about Michael Lewitt Michael Lewitt close Options 0 This "New Year's Resolution" Could Double Your Income by February 1 0 The Three "New Year" Trading Tips You Need to Know 0 Here's When the Stock Market Rally Will End Trading Strategies1 How to Know What Other Traders Are Thinking… Before They Think It Options1 How to "Convert" Your Household Staples into Cash (Starting Today) Options0 The Best Stock to Buy Before Christmas Get the Latest Options Insight with Tom Gentile Power Profit Trades Subscribe to this free eLetter! Money Calendar Alert Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Tom Gentile Tom Gentile close Technology 0 Despite What This "King" Says, Trump's Plan Will Inflate These Tech Plays Stocks0 Don't Worry: Marijuana Investing in 2017 Will Be Even Better Than 2016 0 These Tech Plays Are "Ready for Prime Time" in 2017 0 This Year's Hottest Toy Is Full of AI 0 This New Year's, Get Aboard the Wealth Rocket 0 The 3 "Singularity Era Tools" You Need in 2017 Get the Latest Technology Insight with Michael Robinson Strategic Tech Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Nova-X Report Private service. Not a member? Radical Technology Profits Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Michael Robinson Michael Robinson close Energy 0 How Trump's Exxon Pick is Changing Global Oil Markets 0 Why Iran's New Oil Contract Won't Change a Thing Oil1 Your 2017 Oil Price Forecast Energy0 Why I'm Paying Close Attention to the Looming UK Blackout Energy0 The Secret Source of Tomorrow's Energy Profits Oil3 Forecast: There Are Big Changes (and Big Profits) Coming to the Oil Sector in 2017 Get the Latest Oil & Energy Insight with Dr. Kent Moors Oil & Energy Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Energy Advantage Private service. Not a member? Energy Inner Circle Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Dr. Moors Dr. Kent Moors close HOME Email this Article Send with mail | ahoo instead. To: Required Needs to be a valid email From: Required Needs to be a valid email Subject: The Best Apple Supplier Stocks to Buy Ahead of the 2017 iPhone Message: URL: http://mney.co/2gaKwW1  +  five  =  eight Required Please enter the correct value. Share Email this Article Send with mail | ahoo instead. To: Required Needs to be a valid email From: Required Needs to be a valid email Subject: The Best Apple Supplier Stocks to Buy Ahead of the 2017 iPhone Message: URL: http://mney.co/2gaKwW1 7  +  2  =  Required Please enter the correct value. get daily headlines subscribe now! today's private briefing Twitter Apple2 responses The Best Apple Supplier Stocks to Buy Ahead of the 2017 iPhone By David Zeiler, Associate Editor, Money Morning • @DavidGZeiler • December 7, 2016 View Comments Start the conversation Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website six  −   =  three Comment Some HTML is OK Sign me up for the Money Morning newsletter Ever since the iPhone debuted in 2007, investors have looked to Apple supplier stocks as an alternative way to profit from the tech giant's monstrous success. And right now, circumstances are lining up to make AAPL supplier stocks an unusually strong bet. Still, it's not as easy as just buying a basket of companies that do business with Apple Inc. (Nasdaq: AAPL). After all, hundreds of companies have a relationship with Apple. For a stock to make sense as an alternative way to invest in Apple's iPhone business, a company needs to have a large amount of exposure to Apple. That's why we combed through FactSet data to create a list of AAPL supplier stocks that derive a significant chunk of their revenue from their dealings with Apple and trade on a U.S. exchange. But before we get to that list, let's look at why now is the perfect time to buy Apple supplier stocks… Why Apple Supplier Stocks Are Ripe for Buying The suppliers most dependent on Apple live and die with it. That can pay off in a big way. When the blockbuster iPhone 6 came out in September 2014, it sent Cirrus Logic Inc. (Nasdaq: CRUS) on a tear, rising 62% over the following nine months. Meanwhile, bad AAPL news takes a toll on Apple supplier stocks. And that's what we've been getting most recently. Just this past July, Apple suppliers took a beating in the wake of a disappointing Apple earnings report, with Skyworks Solutions Inc. (Nasdaq: SWKS) sinking 6% and NXP Semiconductor NV (Nasdaq: NXPI) dropping 5%. This week, a report that Apple had cut back on its orders for the iPhone 7 tanked the entire semiconductor sector. The Philadelphia Semiconductor index slumped nearly 5%. Don't Miss: The One Investment You Literally Can't Live Without Expect more of these kinds of reports in the weeks ahead, which will keep downward pressure on most AAPL supplier stocks. While sales of the iPhone 7 are likely keeping pace with last year's iPhone 6s, the lack of growth will keep Wall Street in a sour mood regarding AAPL stock. This is excellent news for investors, who can buy Apple supplier stocks at an increasing discount. Cirrus Logic, for instance, is down nearly 13% over the past two weeks. But AAPL stock will rise again in 2017 and take Apple's suppliers along with it. We know this will happen thanks to one extraordinary event that's already getting buzz… Why APPL Supplier Stocks Will Get a Boost in 2017 Join the conversation. Click here to jump to comments… (2) COMMENTS (0) FACEBOOK COMMENTS TAGS Tags: Apple stock Johnston | December 15, 2016 How and when can I start buying the Best Supplier Apple Stocks? Reply Matthew Adeoye | December 31, 2016 I want to the appropriate time to go for apple Stock. Reply Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website three  +  7  =  Comment Some HTML is OK Sign me up for the Money Morning newsletter Private Briefing with WILLIAM PATALON III, Executive Editor TODAY'S INSIGHT Our "Rich Folks" Profit Play Had One More Trick up Its Sleeve in 2016 Forget your password? Not a member? Expert Content Articles By Keith Fitz-Gerald trading strategies2017: Big Changes Will Produce Big Profits for Savvy Investors trading strategiesKnow Exactly What to Buy, What to Sell, and How to Protect Your Money in 2017 Wall Street1Five "Outrageous" Profit Plays We'll Make in 2017 Technology ArticleDespite What This "King" Says, Trump's Plan Will Inflate These Tech Plays StocksDon't Worry: Marijuana Investing in 2017 Will Be Even Better Than 2016 Technology ArticleThese Tech Plays Are "Ready for Prime Time" in 2017 Investing IdeasOur Biggest New Year's Fears… and Why We'll Be Fine Wall Street3These Five Steps Can Fix America's Markets for Everyone in 2017 Investing IdeasMarket Outlook 2017: Where to Invest – and What to Avoid – in the New Year OilHow Trump's Exxon Pick is Changing Global Oil Markets OilWhy Iran's New Oil Contract Won't Change a Thing Oil1Your 2017 Oil Price Forecast Trading Strategies1How to Profit When Company Insiders Buy Their Own Stock Trading StrategiesThese Picks Will Pay You a Different Kind of Dividend Trading Strategies2You Won't Believe How Profitable the Next Four Years Could Be Latest News January 6, 2017 By Money Morning Staff Reports Leave a Comment Trump’s Debt Reveals New Billion-Dollar Conflicts of Interest January 6, 2017 By Casey Wilson Leave a Comment Goodbye Obamacare, Hello $29.1 Trillion Deficit January 6, 2017 By Money Morning Staff Reports Leave a Comment The 5 Top Penny Stock Investing Tips for 2017 Related Content Don't Sell Apple Stock on Those iPhone Production Cut Reports The Best Apple Supplier Stocks to Buy Ahead of the 2017 iPhone The 2016 Apple Suppliers List Trump's Impact on Apple Stock Now Is Misleading Trending Posts 8606 Reads 74 Likes Top Marijuana Stocks to Watch in 2017 We've created a list of the top marijuana stocks to watch in 2017 for our readers. Here's everything you need to know about these stocks... 7102 Reads 28 Likes How a 26(f) Program Can Save Your Retirement A 26(f) program is one of the easiest ways to protect yourself from a new Department of Labor "retirement blackout" rule on April 10. Find out more... Today's Markets DJIA 64.51 (0.32%) 19,963.80 NASDAQ 33.12 (0.60%) 5,521.06 S&P 7.98 (0.35%) 2,276.98 AAPL 1.30 (1.11%) 117.91 CRUS 1.46 (2.62%) 57.23 INVN 0.04 (0.31%) 12.80 AVGO 2.31 (1.33%) 176.59 ABOUT MONEY MORNING Money Morning gives you access to a team of ten market experts with more than 250 years of combined investing experience – for free. Our experts – who have appeared on FOXBusiness, CNBC, NPR, and BloombergTV – deliver daily investing tips and stock picks, provide analysis with actions to take, and answer your biggest market questions. Our goal is to help our millions of e-newsletter subscribers and Moneymorning.com visitors become smarter, more confident investors. QUICK LINKS About Us How Money Morning Works FAQs Contact Us Search Article Archive Forgot Username/Password Login to Private Briefing FREE NEWSLETTERS Strategic Tech Investor Oil & Energy Investor Total Wealth Research Wall Street Insights & Indictments Power Profit Trades Sure Money Investor PREMIUM SERVICES Money Map Press Home Money Map Report Energy Advantage Nova-X Report Private BriefingEnergy Inner Circle High Velocity Profits Biotech Insider Alert Capital Wave Forecast Radical Technology Profits Stealth Profits Trader Short-Side Fortunes The Delta Factor Money Calendar Alert Weekly Cash Clock Zenith Trading Circle Get In Touch Like Our Page Follow Us © 2017 Money Morning All Rights Reserved. Protected by copyright of the United States and international treaties. Any reproduction, copying, or redistribution (electronic or otherwise, including the world wide web), of content from this webpage, in whole or in part, is strictly prohibited without the express written permission of Money Morning. Address: 16 W. Madison St. Baltimore, MD, 21201 | Phone: 888.384.8339 I Disclaimer | Sitemap | Privacy Policy | Whitelist Us
Hot Topics: News Video Reviews Phones Tablets Android Nougat Apps How-to Submit a Tip greenbot Popular Stories: A list of all the Google Now voice commands 13 tips and tricks to master your HTC One (M8) 11 simple tips and tricks to get more from your LG G3 Get the most from your Samsung Galaxy S5 with these 16 tips and tricks Back that app up: 5 great backup utilities for Android Cabin review: Track your family's location, send messages, and assign tasks Search Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Apps All Apps Entertainment Software Games Productivity Software Social Media Utility Software Carriers Gadgets Google Services All Google Services Google Apps Phones Resources Tablets Tech Events All Tech Events Back to School Holiday Gift Guide News Tips Submit a tip Home Android How-To The iPhone switcher's guide: Move from iOS to Android and keep all your stuff We can help move your photos, contacts, calendars, mail, music, and messages over to their new home. By Michael Simon | Follow Staff Writer, Greenbot | Dec 15, 2016 4:00 AM PT Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Credit: Michael Simon More like this Google Drive update makes it a little easier to switch from iPhone to Android 14 eyebrow-raising personal details Google knows about you The first things you should do with your new Android phone Video Google Daydream View unboxing: A first look at Google's VR headset Table of Contents Getting ready Pixel power Calendar Contacts Mail Messages Photos Music Anything else Show More So you’ve decided to switch to Android. We can’t say we blame you—as you’ll soon see, the grass over here is as green as our bots—but we know that starting from scratch can be a scary experience. There’s all sorts of information on your old iPhone that you’re going to want to transfer to your new one, and let’s face it, Apple isn’t exactly going out of its way to help. But we are! Whatever your reason for getting your head out of the iClouds, we’re here to support you through this difficult break-up. And before you can say “no headphone jack” we’ll have your new phone up, running, and packed with all the stuff you were afraid you’d have to leave behind. Switching from another Android phone instead? Check out our detailed guide! Getting ready Before you even turn on your new phone, make sure you have a Google account. Before your new phone even arrives, there are things you can do to prepare. Just as your iTunes and iCloud accounts are the keys to keeping of your iOS devices humming in unison, a Google account is necessary on your new Android phone. You probably already have a Gmail account, but if you don’t, go get one. While you’re at it, you should enable 2-step verification. Your Google account will hold all your personal information, including contacts, calendars, and Chrome passwords, so the more protection you can add to it the better off you’ll be.  And we’re sorry to say but you’re going to need to turn off iMessage. If your contacts send you an iMessage instead of an SMS text, and you don’t have an iPhone to receive it, it will get lost in the ether. So you’re going to want to tell Apple to stop trying to send them. (You can find the toggle inside the Messages tab in the Settings app on your iPhone.) And besides, you don’t want people to think you’re ignoring them when their lonely message is really just sitting unread on Apple’s servers. And finally, it’ll also be helpful to sign up for a Dropbox account, if you don’t already have one. There are a number of cross-platform apps that use Dropbox rather than Google Drive as their syncing engine, and one of your old apps will likely need it to transfer your data. Use your Google Drive While your iCloud Drive will pretty much be useless the minute you turn off your iPhone, Google Drive can actually help with the transition process. Not only will it be useful in storing and transferring documents, but while we were preparing this guide, Google unveiled a simple backup system right inside its Google Drive iOS app. It won’t bring over everything (and we still recommend following the steps in this guide to ensure a seamless transfer), but if you’re happy with just grabbing contacts, calendar entries, and photos, it’s worth a try. It’s not comprehensive, but there’s a backup system built right into Google Drive. To get started, download the Google Drive app on your iOS device and head into the Settings (inside the hamburger menu button). Select Backups and you’ll be taken to a screen where you can choose whether you want to save your contacts, calendar events or photos. Tap Start Backup and it’ll begin running, though you’ll need to keep your phone on and the app open, so it’s best to do it overnight with your phone plugged in. The Google Drive method works well, but it’s an all-or-nothing situation, so if you don’t want every single calendar entry and contact coming over to your new phone, you’ll need to trim them down in their respective apps first. And as we describe below, you’ll still want to change the defaults on your old iPhone to keep everything up to date. But it will get some of the data onto your new phone quickly so you can start using it. Pixel power If your new phone happens to be a Pixel or Pixel XL, moving in is easier than it is with any other phone. That’s because of Google’s included Quick Switch Adapter, a simple, speedy method for pulling your data over to your new phone. Michael Simon Google’s new Pixel is the best way to transfer your information from your old iPhone. During the setup of your Pixel, you’ll be given an option to copy your data from your iPhone. Dig through your Pixel box to find the tiny USB-C adapter, attach your Lightening cable to it, and plug the appropriate ends into each phone. Then, after you log into your Google account, the Pixel will search your iPhone for any contacts, calendar events, photos, videos, non-DRM-protected music, texts, and even iMessages, and bring them all safely over to their new home. (One thing though: If you use an iTunes backup instead of iCloud, Google recommends that it is an unencrypted one. To check, open iTunes on your computer, plug in your iPhone, go to the Summary tab, and make sure the Encrypt iTunes Backup option is unchecked. If it was turned on, you’ll need to run it again.) It’s all pretty magical, and the process is much easier than Apple’s Move to iOS app. And it’ll save you a whole lot of time by skipping most of the steps you’ll need to take with just about every other phone. Calendar When you open your calendar app for the first time on your Android device and sign into your new Google account, it’s probably going to be empty. But moving all your appointments from your Apple calendar to your Google one is easier than you think. You can export all of your calendar entries by taking a trip to iCloud.com. If you have a Mac, the first thing you’ll need to do is open the Calendar app on your computer. Select the calendar you want to export, head to the File menu, and click Export to create an ICS file. (Repeat if you have more than one calendar to copy over.) If you’re using a PC, however, you’ll need to jump through a few small hoops. First, log in to iCloud.com and open the calendar app. Select the calendar you want to share and click the broadcast icon to the right. In the accompanying dialogue box, select Public Calendar and copy the address that appears. (The address will be too long to view, so you’ll need to click the email link button to copy the whole thing.) Paste the entire link into a new tab, change “webcal” at the front to “http”, and press enter. That will download the ICS file you need. Finally, go back to your iCloud Calendar and uncheck Public Calendar, then repeat the process for any other calendars to want to copy over. Find the ICS file you saved and import it into Google Calendar. Then log in to your Google calendar on the web and import the file you downloaded by clicking on the gear icon in the top right corner of the screen. Go down to Settings, click Calendars and find the Import calendar button. Then all you need to do is find the file you exported and your iPhone’s dates will show up on your Android phone. Just don’t forget that you’ll need to do this for each of the calendars you’ve exported (Home, Work, Birthdays, etc.). When all that’s done, the last thing you need to do is change the default calendar account on your Apple devices (including your old iPhone) from iCloud to Google. On iOS, you can switch it in the Calendars tab inside the Settings app, while on OS X you’ll find it inside the app’s preferences. From there, you can simply log in to your Google account and your events will forever remain perfectly in sync. Contacts Now that you’ve got your appointments in order, you’re going to need some people to communicate with. And since you’re already an expert in importing calendar files, you’ll just need to do the same with your contacts. Make sure you select all of the contacts you want to bring over before you hit the export button. Once again, you’re going to start with your computer, but things are a little different. On your Mac, jump into the Contacts app, and do a select-all so you make sure to grab all the names in your address book (or go through and select the ones you want). Then navigate over to File > Export, and select Export vCard. Check to make sure the file says something like “Amy Andrews and 200 others,” choose where you want it to go, and hit the save button. It’s just as easy on your PC. Go back to iCloud.com and this time select the Contacts app. Select all of your contacts, click the gear icon at the bottom left of the screen, and find the Export Vcard option. Don’t be alarmed, before you can import your contacts, Google will send you back to the old version of Contacts. Then go back to your Google account on the web, but this time you’re going to open Contacts (it’s in the second batch of icons). Click on the More option under your account icon on the left, scroll down to the Import button, and select CSV or vCard file. However, since Google is currently in the process of redesigning Contacts, you can’t actually complete the import here. Instead, it will prompt you to go back to the old app where you can click on the Import Contacts button at the bottom of the left-hand column. Once the box opens, choose the vCard file, and your Google address book will instantly populate with all of the names from your iOS one. Mail Of course, if you’re already using a GMail account as your main email address, you can skip right to the next section. When you sign in to your new Android phone with your Google account, all your mail will be there. But setting up your iCloud account isn’t too much more difficult. And even though you won’t see an option for iCloud when you go to add a new account, you can still use the GMail app to manage your Apple mail. To get started, open the Gmail app on your new phone, go to Settings (at the bottom of the sidebar), and tap Add account. On the Set up email screen, select Other, and follow the prompts to enter your iCloud email address and password. (If you have 2-step or 2-factor authentication enabled for your iCloud account, you’ll need to create an app-specific password first on your Apple ID account page.) GMail doesn’t include a dedicated iCloud tab, but you can still use to set up your iCloud account. That should be enough to get your account up and running, but if you’re still getting error messages, you might need to tweak the server settings. You can find the incoming IMAP and outgoing SMTP server settings on Apple’s website. And if you don’t want to use the GMail app that came with your phone, you can download any number of great ones from the Play Store, including Alto, Newton, Outlook, and others that you may be familiar with on iOS. Messages Here’s the only real stumbling block with switching between iOS and Android: Your messages don’t play nice between the two operating systems. Even if you’re moving between Android phones the system is less than ideal, mostly relying on third-party solutions that may or may not work. Don’t forget to turn off iMessage! As we already discussed, Google offers an excellent solution baked into the Pixel, and Samsung offers something similar with its Smart Switch app, but otherwise there’s no guarantee that you’ll be able to bring your messages over. The most popular tool is iSMS2droid, but it relies on making an unencrypted iTunes backup, digging into your drive to find the SMS database file, and renaming it and converting it. Not exactly the easiest of solutions.  So, unless you use WhatsApp, Facebook Messenger, or some other over-the-top service, your iMessages will likely be forever locked on your old iPhone. But a clean slate might be for the best anyway since you’re going to be a green bubble from here on out. Because you’ve already turned off iMessage, right? Related: Android iOS 1 2 Page 1 Next You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon Notice to our Readers We're now using social media to take your comments and feedback. Learn more about this here. Popular on Greenbot 15 simple tips and tricks to get more from your LG G3 These tips will quickly have you using LG's new flagship phone like a pro. Get the most from your Samsung Galaxy S5 with these 16 tips and tricks A list of all the Google Now voice commands Newsletter Get the latest news, trends, apps, and tips for your Android phone. Get our Greenbot download newsletter Go 13 tips and tricks to master your HTC One (M8) Go from newbie to expert in 10 minutes with this collection of tips. Back that app up: 5 great backup utilities for Android With a ton in the Google Play Store, here are some of the best backup and utility apps around. More from... Featured Stories Five to Try: Walking Dead S3, NBA InPlay, Stitcher Premium... We're back from the holidays with five fresh Android app and game picks. 2016 in review: The year in Android Take a look back at the last 12 months of Android and a peek at what's to come. 5 things you need to know about the Snapdragon 835 This is the processor that will power most of the high-end Android phones this year, and it sounds... 20 great new features in Android 7.0 Nougat Google's operating system is everywhere, and it just keeps getting better. Here's what's new in this... Sponsored Links Building a cloud business case? Need data to back up your cloud strategy? Greenbot Follow us Apps Carriers Gadgets Google Services Phones Resources Tablets Tech Events News Tips Submit a tip Newsletters About Us Contact Privacy Policy Terms of Service Agreement E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc. The Android robot is reproduced or modified from work created and shared by Google and used according to terms described in the Creative Commons 3.0 Attribution License. Greenbot is an independent site that is not affiliated with Google Inc. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Technical Reports on Electronic Equipment Stocks -- Apple, Philips, Sony, and Energous News provided by Chelmsford Park SA Dec 15, 2016, 07:45 ET Share this article NEW YORK, December 15, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- The Electronic Equipment industry is engaged in the designing, manufacturing, and selling of electrical and electronic products for consumer and industrial use. Companies in this category generally offer below-average dividend yields. Today, Stock-Callers.com has lined up four equities for assessment: Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL), Koninklijke Philips N.V. (NYSE: PHG), Sony Corp. (NYSE: SNE), and Energous Corp. (NASDAQ: WATT). Download the free research reports on these stocks today: http://stock-callers.com/registration Apple  Cupertino, California headquartered Apple Inc.'s shares closed Wednesday's trading session flat at $115.19. The stock recorded a trading volume of 33.94 million shares. Shares of the Company have advanced 8.97% in the last month, 0.18% in the previous three months, and 11.87% on an YTD basis. The stock is trading 2.45% above its 50-day moving average and 10.23% above its 200-day moving average. Additionally, shares of Apple, which designs, manufactures, and markets mobile communication and media devices, personal computers, and portable digital music players to consumers, small and mid-sized businesses, and education, enterprise, and government customers worldwide, have a Relative Strength Index (RSI) of 62.32. On December 13th, 2016, Apple announced AirPods are available to order online now from Apple.com and will start delivering to customers and arriving at Apple Stores, Apple Authorized Resellers and select carriers next week. AirPods introduce an effortless wireless listening experience packed with high-quality audio and long battery life. These magical wireless headphones use advanced technology to reinvent how we listen to music, make phone calls, enjoy TV shows and movies, play games, and interact with Siri, providing a wireless audio experience not possible before. See our free and comprehensive research report on AAPL at: http://stock-callers.com/registration/?symbol=AAPL Koninklijke Philips  On Wednesday, shares in Amsterdam, the Netherlands-based Koninklijke Philips N.V. recorded a trading volume of 981,569 shares. The stock declined 1.14%, ending the day at $29.52. The Company's shares have advanced 1.72% in the last month, 1.51% over the previous three months, and 20.03% since the start of this year. The stock is trading above its 50-day and 200-day moving averages by 0.66% and 7.52%, respectively. Furthermore, shares of Philips, which engages in healthcare, consumer lifestyle, and lighting businesses worldwide, have an RSI of 52.84. On December 12th, 2016, research firm Morgan Stanley downgraded the Company's stock rating from 'Overweight' to 'Equal-Weight'. On December 13th, 2016, Philips announced the acceptance for publication of a study in CHEST that demonstrates the benefits of intensive care unit (ICU) telemedicine. The study results establish that the Philips eICU Program with centralized bed management control increased case volume by up to 44% and improved contribution margins by up to 665%, or $52.7 million. PHG free research report PDF is just a click away at: http://stock-callers.com/registration/?symbol=PHG Sony  Japan headquartered Sony Corp.'s stock finished the day 2.57% lower at $28.82, with a total trading volume of 876,314 shares. The Company's shares have gained 17.11% on an YTD basis. The stock is trading below its 200-day moving average by 1.61%. Additionally, shares of Sony, which designs, develops, manufactures, and sells electronic equipment, instruments, and devices for consumer, professional, and industrial markets worldwide, have an RSI of 41.36. On December 12th, 2016, Sony announced that together with certain of its subsidiaries they have reached a settlement with the European Commission following an EU antitrust investigation of competition in the secondary batteries market involving a number of battery manufacturers. The settlement covers the period from February 2004 through October 2007. Sony has agreed to pay a fine of approximately EUR 29.8 million in connection with the settlement. Sign up for your complimentary report on SNE at: http://stock-callers.com/registration/?symbol=SNE Energous  Shares in San Jose, California headquartered Energous Corp. ended yesterday's session 1.05% lower at $16.02. The stock recorded a trading volume of 432,663 shares. The Company's shares have advanced 16.00% in the last one month and 102.53% on an YTD basis. The stock is trading 3.32% and 22.48% above its 50-day and 200-day moving averages, respectively. Moreover, shares of Energous, which engages in the development of a wire-free charging system, have an RSI of 51.11. On November 30th, 2016, Energous announced a significant win before the US Patent Office's Patent Trial and Appeal Board (PTAB). Earlier this year, Ossia, Inc. filed two Post Grant Review petitions challenging all of the claims of Energous' US Patent No. 9,124,125, which is one of several Energous patents relating to systems and methods for wireless power transmission. The PTAB declined to institute review of 16 of 18 claims of the patent. The Board declined to review any of the claims based on prior art, and instead, instituted a review of only 2 out of 18 claims in the patent based on the way in which the two claims were written. Register for free on Stock-Callers.com and download the latest research report on WATT at: http://stock-callers.com/registration/?symbol=WATT -- Stock Callers:  Stock Callers (SC) produces regular sponsored and non-sponsored reports, articles, stock market blogs, and popular investment newsletters covering equities listed on NYSE and NASDAQ and micro-cap stocks. SC has two distinct and independent departments. One department produces non-sponsored analyst certified content generally in the form of press releases, articles and reports covering equities listed on NYSE and NASDAQ and the other produces sponsored content (in most cases not reviewed by a registered analyst), which typically consists of compensated investment newsletters, articles and reports covering listed stocks and micro-caps. Such sponsored content is outside the scope of procedures detailed below.  SC has not been compensated; directly or indirectly; for producing or publishing this document.  PRESS RELEASE PROCEDURES: The non-sponsored content contained herein has been prepared by a writer (the "Author") and is fact checked and reviewed by a third party research service company (the "Reviewer") represented by a credentialed financial analyst [for further information on analyst credentials, please email info@stock-callers.com. Rohit Tuli, a CFA® charterholder (the "Sponsor"), provides necessary guidance in preparing the document templates. The Reviewer has reviewed and revised the content, as necessary, based on publicly available information which is believed to be reliable. Content is researched, written and reviewed on a reasonable-effort basis. The Reviewer has not performed any independent investigations or forensic audits to validate the information herein. The Reviewer has only independently reviewed the information provided by the Author according to the procedures outlined by SC. SC is not entitled to veto or interfere in the application of such procedures by the third-party research service company to the articles, documents or reports, as the case may be. Unless otherwise noted, any content outside of this document has no association with the Author or the Reviewer in any way.   NO WARRANTY  SC, the Author, and the Reviewer are not responsible for any error which may be occasioned at the time of printing of this document or any error, mistake or shortcoming. No liability is accepted whatsoever for any direct, indirect or consequential loss arising from the use of this document. SC, the Author, and the Reviewer expressly disclaim any fiduciary responsibility or liability for any consequences, financial or otherwise arising from any reliance placed on the information in this document. Additionally, SC, the Author, and the Reviewer do not (1) guarantee the accuracy, timeliness, completeness or correct sequencing of the information, or (2) warrant any results from use of the information. The included information is subject to change without notice.  NOT AN OFFERING  This document is not intended as an offering, recommendation, or a solicitation of an offer to buy or sell the securities mentioned or discussed, and is to be used for informational purposes only. Please read all associated disclosures and disclaimers in full before investing. Neither SC nor any party affiliated with us is a registered investment adviser or broker-dealer with any agency or in any jurisdiction whatsoever. To download our report(s), read our disclosures, or for more information, visit http://stock-callers.com/legal-disclaimer/ CONTACT For any questions, inquiries, or comments reach out to us directly. If you're a company we are covering and wish to no longer feature on our coverage list contact us via email and/or phone between 09:30 EDT to 16:00 EDT from Monday to Friday at: Email: info@stock-callers.com Phone number: +44 330 808 3765 Office Address: Clyde Offices, Second Floor, 48 West George Street, Glasgow, U.K. -G2 1BP CFA® and Chartered Financial Analyst® are registered trademarks owned by CFA Institute. SOURCE Chelmsford Park SA Dec 15, 2016, 07:50 ET Preview: Healthcare Stocks Under Scanner -- DaVita, Acadia Healthcare, Humana, and Align Technology Dec 15, 2016, 07:40 ET Preview: Research Reports Coverage on Resorts & Casinos Stocks -- Norwegian Cruise Line, Penn National Gaming, Boyd Gaming, and Caesars Entertainment My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 08:10 ETResearch Reports Coverage on Resorts & Casinos Stocks -- Royal... 08:05 ETResearch Reports Initiation on Semiconductor Stocks -- Skyworks... Explore More news releases in similar topics Electronic Components Computer Electronics Consumer Electronics Investments Opinions You just read: Technical Reports on Electronic Equipment Stocks -- Apple, Philips, Sony, and Energous News provided by Chelmsford Park SA Dec 15, 2016, 07:45 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Skip to: Start of article Visually Open Nav. Go to Wired Home Page. Genos Will Sequence Your Genes—And Help You Sell Them to Science subscribe Open Search Field. Search Business culture Design Gear Science Security transportation photo video Photo Video Magazine WIRED INSIDER Roadmap to 2020 Fallback Image Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 6 hours Polaroid's new camera breathes new life into instant-print photos with the ability to add Snapchat-esque stickers wrd.cm/2iM0wR3 Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Advertisement. Slide: 1 / of 1. Caption: Genos Skip Article Header. Skip to: Start of Article. Author: Megan Molteni. Megan Molteni Science Date of Publication: 12.15.16. 12.15.16 Time of Publication: 8:00 am. 8:00 am Genos Will Sequence Your Genes—And Help You Sell Them to Science Genos Personal genetics is having a bit of a 1983 moment. Back then, the majority of Americans had never used a computer or heard the word “internet.” A year later, Apple launched the Mac and the rest, as they say, is history. Purveyors of personal genetics platforms—products that tell you exactly what’s in your DNA—say they are at a similar tipping point. The only question is: Who will be the Apple of individualized genomics? The latest contender is Genos, a genetic sequencing startup that is unveiling its whole exome-sequencing service today. The hot, shiny object of the industry, this type of next-generation sequencing offers a complete profile of all the expressed genes (the ones that code for proteins) in your genome. While a growing number of targeted genetic testing kits are currently on the market (Color, Myriad, and 23andMe, to name a few), whole exome sequencing produces 50 to 100 times more data. Those extra nucleotides cost more, but at $499, Genos is still a steal over sequencing ordered up by physicians, which can run up to $2,000, and may or may not be covered by insurance. A Genos competitor, Helix, offers an ancestry discovery kit that sequences the whole exome for just $149 but doesn’t yet delve into health-related variants. Veritas will do your whole genome for the higher fee of $999. The idea is that all this extra information will land consumers deeper personal insights. Bigger net, more fish. That all sounds great, in theory. But some doctors and geneticists caution that biologists’ ability to sequence DNA has far outpaced their ability to understand how those genes interact with each other and the environment to cause diseases like cancer, Alzheimer’s, and autism. Most of the 180,000 protein-coding bits of DNA in your body? Scientists don’t know enough about them to be useful. “Most people ordering this testing are going to be underwhelmed by the results they get back,” says Geoffrey Beek, a genetic counselor at Children’s Hospital of Minnesota. “It’s so unlikely to find something that changes the way we treat somebody. Doctors already say eat well, sleep well, and get regular exercise. Do you really need a genetic test to push you over the edge to do those things?” Probably not. But Genos is telling its customers to ask not what your data can do for you, but what your data can do for science. In a first for the personal genomics movement, the company is creating a research pipeline with academic and commercial partners, and paying customers to donate their data. The incentives range between $50 and $200 per project; the first four include a vaccine for breast cancer, a clinical trial for treating lymphoma, and research into prion diseases and common neurological disorders. “At some point people are going to develop a disease in some way, shape or form,” says Genos co-founder and CEO Mark Blumling. “This is a way to feel directly empowered to contribute to research and make a change.” Crowdsourced Cures Erik Vallabh Minikel is in a race against time. Five years ago, his wife Sonia Vallabh discovered that she carries a rare genetic mutation for a fatal prion disease, a gene she inherited from her mother who passed away from the affliction in 2010. Together, they dropped out of their careers and became full-time prion research scientists at the Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard, where they are working to find a cure before her prion proteins start folding up the wrong way, killing off the neurons in her brain in the process. Large sets of genetic data have provided one promising approach. Last year, Minikel and Vallabh analyzed an exome database maintained by the Broad; out of 60,000 people, they found three with an interesting mutation. Compared to the one that Vallabh has, which will cause her prion protein to misfold, their mutation essentially deletes one copy of the gene. That makes them, at least theoretically, much less likely to develop a prion disease than the average person you’d pluck off the street. Minikel and Vallabh want to find more people like this, and see if they’re healthy or not. If they confirm that the mutation has a protective effect, it could lead to drug and gene therapy strategies. There’s just one problem: The Broad’s database isn’t designed to get health information on individuals. But Genos’ is. “The genotype we’re interested in occurs in one in 20,000 people, so it’s already really hard to find,” says Minikel. “We need to also be able to go back and look at people’s health and ask questions. Genos is building a platform to allow people like us to do that.” Genos customers who consent to sharing their data with Minikel and Vallabh will fill out health surveys that the pair can access whenever they need. Then, as the data rolls in, they’ll be able to go back and line up phenotypes with genotypes to figure out which mutations have protective effects, and maybe, the key to a cure. While this treasure trove of data is only currently available to researchers in the four pilot projects, Genos plans to expand the platform in the next few years to create a robust research pipeline that customers can contribute to directly. Sequence Now, Discover Forever For Vallabh, the potential impact of the Genos platform is clear. But for the average user, the immediate benefits of whole exome sequencing are a bit murkier. While consumers will be able to see the full results of their exome sequencing—all the As, Ts, Gs and Cs—the interpretation of those results has a ways to go. Robert Green, who has been studying direct-to-consumer genetic testing for close to 15 years at Brigham and Women’s Hospital, is an expert in how access to genetic data changes consumers’ behaviors and interactions with the healthcare system. And his studies show that genetic information isn’t as provocative as some have hoped (or feared). The fear is that patients will misunderstand or misuse genetic information in these early days, with so much uncertainty about how to interpret results. Remember that time the FDA ordered 23andMe to stop offering health reports with its genetic analysis kits?1 The company was marketing its tests as a way to test your risk for conditions like breast cancer and heart disease but couldn’t prove the tests worked. The feds deemed it an unapproved medical device and stepped in on behalf of patients. But Green’s data suggests that people aren’t as quick to freak out as you might think. “The notion that people would have either catastrophic emotional reactions or misunderstand to the degree they would do dramatic things to harm their health, most of those have not been borne out by the research,” says Green. “But there’s a real lag time between making discoveries and using those discoveries for a clear-cut clinical benefit.” One recent study showed that only 20 to 30 percent of direct-to-consumer genetic test takers thought enough of their results to share them with a physician. But he says it’s also important to remember that early adopters aren’t necessarily representative of the larger population. They’re the information seekers, people curious about their health and technology. The reactions of the rest of society are hard to predict. “When everyone has access to genetic information, will it send people off on wild goose chases, or will it really benefit people’s health?” he asks. “We don’t know that yet.” Genos hopes to avoid any wild goose chases by providing customers with access to genetic counseling (for an additional fee of $150 per hour). Blumling says they’re not getting any compensation from the service, which is provided by an independent third party, and are doing it out of a responsibility to provide the necessary context for users. He stressed that they are not a diagnostic company, and more of a “personal exploration tool.” This is an important distinction from a regulatory standpoint; the FDA recently expanded its oversight of laboratory testing, specifically in regards to direct-to-consumer diagnostic tools. And the company isn’t bothered that the results may indeed be underwhelming now. Those results are set to change drastically, as more and better information connecting variants to genetic conditions comes online. Genos is betting that a one-time investment will yield more valuable insights down the road for its customers, beginning a lifetime of engagement and increasing returns. But the biggest dividend, says George Church, decorated Harvard geneticist and Genos advisory board member, will come when it comes time to start a family. “There are thousands of diseases for which we’re all at risk of being a carrier—that’s a high stakes thing we’re not handling right now,” he says. More limited panels catch the big ones, like Tay-Sachs, but leave out more rare but equally devastating disorders. “If you do the whole exome you can eliminate almost all those diseases overnight.” But if you can afford to wait, you should. While the results of exome sequencing are static, the price tag isn’t. And it’s only going down. 1UPDATE 6:45 pm Eastern 12/15/16: This story has been updated to correct the fact that in 2013 the FDA ordered 23andMe to stop marketing its genetic analysis kits. A previous version of the story stated that the FDA shut down 23andMe. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. exome sequencing genetics Genos next-generation sequencing Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share Share Tweet Pin Comment Email Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share Share Tweet Pin Comment Email Skip Latest News. Skip to: Comments. Most Popular Bitcoin Will Never Be a Currency—It’s Something Way Weirder Bitcoin Bitcoin Will Never Be a Currency—It’s Something Way Weirder 12 hours Just Some of the Cool Gadgets We Spotted at CES 2017 Wired Staff Just Some of the Cool Gadgets We Spotted at CES 2017 13 hours Feds’ Damning Report on Russian Election Hack Won’t Convince Skeptics Security Feds’ Damning Report on Russian Election Hack Won’t Convince Skeptics 2 hours Alexa Just Conquered CES. The World Is Next David Pierce Alexa Just Conquered CES. The World Is Next 13 hours Mark Zuckerberg Is Sure Acting Like Someone Who Might Run for President social media Mark Zuckerberg Is Sure Acting Like Someone Who Might Run for President 2 days Let’s Tackle a Classic, Wicked Physics Problem. It’ll Be Fun—Promise physics Let’s Tackle a Classic, Wicked Physics Problem. It’ll Be Fun—Promise 10 hours The World Just Moved One Step Closer To Cord-Cutter Utopia CES The World Just Moved One Step Closer To Cord-Cutter Utopia 13 hours More Stories Skip Comments. Skip to: Footer. View comments Sponsored Stories Powered By Outbrain Powered By Outbrain More Science Space Foul Weather Pushes SpaceX’s Next Launch to Monday 4 hours physics Let’s Tackle a Classic, Wicked Physics Problem. It’ll Be Fun—Promise 10 hours food science The Mysterious Allure of LaCroix’s ‘Natural Flavor’ 12.15.16 Volcano Activity Explosive Eruptions Continue to Rock Alaska’s Bogoslof Volcano 1 day food science The Long, Lonely Quest to Breed the Ultimate Avocado 1 day Recommendations Delicious Non-Boozy Beer, Wine, and Spirits for Dry January 40 mins We Recommend Powered By Outbrain Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 6 hours Polaroid's new camera breathes new life into instant-print photos with the ability to add Snapchat-esque stickers wrd.cm/2iM0wR3 Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 6 hours Polaroid's new camera breathes new life into instant-print photos with the ability to add Snapchat-esque stickers wrd.cm/2iM0wR3 Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Here’s The Thing With Ad Blockers We get it: Ads aren’t what you’re here for. But ads help us keep the lights on. So, add us to your ad blocker’s whitelist or pay $1 per week for an ad-free version of WIRED. Either way, you are supporting our journalism. We’d really appreciate it. Sign Up Already a member? Log in Thank You All of us at WIRED appreciate your support! Continue Wired Facebook Wired Twitter Wired Pinterest Wired Youtube Wired Tumblr Wired Instagram Login Subscribe Advertise Site Map Press Center FAQ Customer Care Contact Us T-Shirt Collection Newsletter Wired Staff Jobs RSS Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement (effective 3/21/12) and privacy policy (effective 3/21/12). Affiliate link policy. Your California privacy rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish Apple To Charge For AirPods Battery Service Even Under Warranty By Tyler Lee on 12/15/2016 04:27 PST A couple of days ago, Apple finally released its AirPods headphones. The headphones do not come cheap as they are priced at $159 for a pair. Given how small and easy to lose they are, naturally you’ll want to take good care of them. However you might want to take extra care especially when it comes to the battery. Why is this? According to Apple’s service page (via NDTV), the Cupertino company revealed that they will be charging to service the battery of the AirPods even if it is under warranty. The amount is at $49 each, meaning that even within its warranty you’ll still have to pay if you want the batteries changed. According to Apple, “If you need service for your AirPods or charging case, there’s no charge if the issue is covered under the Apple One Year Limited Warranty or consumer law. Our warranty covers a defective battery, but it doesn’t cover wear from normal use.  If the battery capacity on your AirPods or charging case decreases over time, you can replace them for a battery service fee.” Like we said, the fee isn’t that much but considering how much you paid for them to begin with, you’d think that Apple could at least foot the bill for the first year or so. That being said, batteries do wear and tear and there are ways to go about maximizing their lifecycle, so perhaps you’ll want to check up on that if you’re looking to maximize how long your AirPods will last you. Filed in Apple >Audio >Gadgets. Read more about AirPods, Headphones and Social Hit. Related Articles 2017-01-02 This $5 Sticker Will Prevent Your AirPods From Being Stolen 2016-12-30 AirPods Maker To Expand Production To Meet Demand 2016-12-28 Some AirPods Charging Cases Are Experiencing Battery Drain 2016-12-28 Apple’s CEO Calls AirPods A ‘Runaway Success’ 2016-12-21 Fear Losing Your AirPods? This Guy Has It All Figured Out 2016-12-21 AirPods Teardown Reveals Potential Reason Why It Was Delayed LG ProBeam Home Cinema Projector Unveiled Capcom To Release Mega Man 1-6 On Mobile January, 2017 Apple To Charge For AirPods Battery Service Even Under Warranty Tesla’s Emergency Braking System Prevented A Serious Accident Original Unopened First-Gen iPod Spotted On eBay For $200,000 Tesla To Take Action Against Drivers Who Park Cars At Superchargers User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
  Foreign Affairs Defense Affairs Provincial News N. Korea Embassy Foreign Community Education Issue Today Airlines Video Obituary Country Report Multicultural Youth Award Korean Medical Pioneers Unsung Heroes Business Finance Stock Industry Meet The CEO Automotive Economic Essay Contest Rediscovering Korean History Briefs Mobile Science Game Life Arts & Museums Hallyu Fashion Book Entertainment Korean Masters Traditional Movie Music Performance Religion Weekender Around Town Translation Award Graphic News Football Baseball Golf Other Sports 2016 Rio Olympics Briefs Editorial Columnists Reporter's Notebook Guest Column Thoughts of the Times Letter to the Editor Times Forum Cartoon Today in History Briefs SCMP Country Report Today's Topic PodCast Time Forum Market Place Talk Box Study Plaza Sat, January 7, 2017 | 10:23    Forgot password?|Register| Subscription 구독신청 | PDF |Site map        ENGLISH   l   KOREAN   /            Technology> Briefs> Posted : 2016-12-14 17:10 Updated : 2016-12-19 09:15 Apple Korea may face probe over iPhone battery shutdown By Lee Min-hyung iPhone 6S / Yonhap Apple Korea may face an investigation from the country's quality safety regulator for consumer goods over reported battery problems in its iPhone 6S devices. The Korean Agency for Technology and Standards (KATS) said Wednesday that it recently requested Apple to submit documents regarding possible safety threats involving the iPhone 6S. This comes in the wake of continuing reports of spontaneous battery shutdowns. The agency is considering launching an in-depth investigation, but declined to comment on any exact timeline. "We are in talks with Apple Korea to check if the battery problems come with any potential safety threats to its users," said a KATS spokesman. "The agency will decide to begin an official investigation if we find any evidence that the problem may pose a safety threat to customers," he said. "We have yet to receive any response from Apple Korea." The local subsidiary of the U.S.-based smartphone manufacturer said in a statement that the unexpected battery shutdown of some iPhone 6Ss had no potential safety threats. "As there have been no reports of injuries here, it remains to be seen whether we will launch a probe into the firm and the problematic devices," said the official. The controversy came about two months after the Galaxy Note 7 smartphone made global headlines over battery fires while charging. "At that time, we launched an investigation into Samsung Electronics, as safety concerns had been confirmed regarding the Note 7," he said. "But specific links between the problematic iPhone 6S and customer safety have yet to be proven. Upon Apple Korea's response, we are going to decide whether to push for any regulatory measures or not." The controversy erupted in November when Apple Korea posted a belated English announcement over how iPhone 6S users here can exchange problematic batteries for new ones. This was in contrast to its active apologies to its Chinese customers earlier last month. When similar problems were reported in China, its Chinese subsidiary apologized for the faulty batteries and notified users of its responsive measures in Chinese. This has raised complaints from the Korean customers. Amid the increasing backlash here, Apple Korea re-posted a Korean language notice on its website. This was the latest in a series of controversies surrounding Apple Korea over its business operations here. This June, the nation's antitrust watchdog, the Fair Trade Commission (FTS), investigated the company over its alleged unfair corporate business practices. This was in response to reports that the company was suspected of pressing mobile carriers into paying fees for a minimum volume of promotional iPhones and sharing costs for repairs. mhlee@ktimes.com   Psy collaborates with Rain 2NE1 to release final single Veteran divas make a return K-pop group Twice to sue internet trol... Festival offers glimpse into Vietnames... Seoul Olympics' lesson for PyeongChang 1. S. Korea set to introduce self-driving public bus this year 2. US likely to designate S. Korea as currency manipulator along with China 3. N. Korea leader makes his first inspection in new year 1. ONCE AGAIN, Hanwha Group chairman's son caught for drunken rampage; faces arrest 2. Learn Korean free online 3. K-pop group Twice to sue internet trolls 4. Netflix to make its first Korean original series 'Love Alarm' 5. [VIDEO] Hammer-wielding road-rage driver arrested 6. Foreign employees must file year-end tax settlement 7. China admits to retaliation against THAAD deployment 8. Study links sleeping hours to Alzheimer's disease 9. GM Korea employee found dead in apparent suicide amid corruption scandal 10. Save the hanok | Acting president and Prime Minister Hwang Kyo-ahn, right, talks with... Hyundai Motor’s Ioniq sedan drives autonomously near a convent... Kim Bok-dong, left, a victim of Japanese wartime sexual slavery, loo... The Hongcheon River in Gangwon Province, the main venue of an ice-fi... DHL Express Korea country manager Han Byung-koo, right, poses with S... Kia “Ballkids” pose at the Incheon International Airport... St. Louis Cardinals’ pitcher Oh Seung-hwan smiles during ... About Times | Times History | Privacy Statement (개인정보 취급방침) | Contents Distribution | Media Kit | Contact Us | Location | Ombudsman | NIETimes    
EPR Retail News Main menu Skip to content Home About FAQs Contact Us Editorial Staff Legal Submit Retail News Retail Press Release Distribution Publish unlimited for $99/mo Publish once for $59 Exclusivity (Publish for free) Advertise Reports Social Twitter Facebook Google+ VIP Search for: December 15, 2016 Apple AirPods now available to order online from Apple.com by Retail News Editor Share on Facebook Share 0 Share on TwitterTweet 2 Share on Google Plus Share 1 Share on Pinterest Share 0 Share on LinkedIn Share 0 Send email Mail 3 Total Shares New Wireless Headphones Available Online Today and in Stores Beginning Next Week Cupertino, CA, 2016-Dec-15 — /EPR Retail News/ — Apple today (DECEMBER 13, 2016) announced AirPods are available to order online now from Apple.com and will start delivering to customers and arriving at Apple Stores, Apple Authorized Resellers and select carriers next week. AirPods introduce an effortless wireless listening experience packed with high-quality audio and long battery life. These magical wireless headphones use advanced technology to reinvent how we listen to music, make phone calls, enjoy TV shows and movies, play games and interact with Siri, providing a wireless audio experience not possible before. With AirPods, setting up and using wireless headphones has never been easier. Just open the charging case near your iPhone and with a simple tap, AirPods are immediately set up with all the devices signed into your iCloud account, including your Apple Watch, iPad and Mac. Advanced sensors detect when AirPods are in your ear and can automatically play and pause your music. Double tapping on AirPods activates Siri, allowing you to access your favorite personal assistant to select and control your music, get directions, make and receive calls or perform any other Siri task. This revolutionary experience is enabled by the new ultra-low power Apple W1 chip, which enables AirPods to deliver high-quality audio and industry-leading battery life in a completely wireless design. AirPods deliver up to five hours of listening time on one charge while the custom-designed charging case holds additional charges for an industry-leading total of more than 24 hours of listening time, ensuring AirPods are charged and ready to go whenever you are. Pricing and Availability Apple-Designed Wireless AirPods Including charging case for $159 (US). Available today from Apple.com and will start delivering to customers and arriving at Apple Stores, Apple Authorized Resellers and select carriers next week. AirPods will be shipping in limited quantities at launch and customers are encouraged to check online for updates on availability and estimated delivery dates. Stores will receive regular AirPod shipments. AirPods are available in more than 100 countries and territories including Australia, Canada, China, Hong Kong, France, Germany, India, Mexico, Netherlands, Japan, UAE, the UK and the US. AirPods require Apple devices running the latest version of iOS 10, watchOS 3 or macOS Sierra. Press Contacts: Alex Kirschner Apple alexkirschner@apple.com (408) 974-2479 Trudy Muller Apple tmuller@apple.com (408) 862-7426 Apple Media Helpline media.help@apple.com (408) 974-2042 Source: Apple Inc. 1,453 total views, 4 views today Sponsored content Matched content This entry was posted in Business, Marketing, Mobile, Online Retailers, Online Shopping, Retail, Retailer, Technology and tagged Apple AirPods, order online from Apple.com. Bookmark the permalink. Post navigation ← Previous Next → Follow @eprretailnews SUBMIT RETAIL NEWS December 2016 M T W T F S S « Nov   Jan »   1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31   Ads Editor’s pick Cabin Crew Recruitment Days taking place in Brussels, Belgium (external link) Gudny Aspaas Returns with a New Album (external link) Unique patent-pending “Body Camera” as a PTT Microphone: X-Surveillance DS300 (external link) New York’s Health Agency (NYSDOH) Cited in Iraq War’s Blowback (external link) Model at the age of 90 – Genia Galberstadt (external link) Vivier Chief Executive, Luigi Wewege Announces New Book: The Digital Banking Revolution (external link) Startup Founders: Are You Ready To Accelerate Your Business? (external link) NET-DYN Awarded Top Rated Status on Major E-commerce Platform Amazon (external link) ABBYY Launches an Open API for Its Trademark Lingvo Dictionaries (external link) DAN GRACE JOINS SKILLSTORM AS EVP, OPERATIONAL SERVICES (external link) Soldi troppo in nero: una compagnia Europea paga a gli guerriglieri (external link) L’argent trop «noir»: Une société européenne paye aux rebelles (external link) The Rose receives 2016 Jack Kemp Excellence in Affordable and Workforce Housing Award from the Urban Land Institute (external link) TS EMEA Takes "A Bridge to the Future" at the 29th World LPG Forum (external link) VidCon Europe Launches in Amsterdam, Announces Featured Creators (external link) Startup mentored by Promwad created one of the best IoT products in Europe (external link) Petroleum Engineer Launched Book of Short Stories endorsed by Reader’s Favorite (external link) Baton Rouge Based Roof Crafters Launches New CRM Software For Clients (external link) Real Estate Lead Partner Moves Headquarters To Nashville TN (external link) SYSTECH PARTNERS WITH SHARP PACKAGING & AUTAJON GROUP AT CPhI (external link) Zandre Campos Recipient Of Distinguished Business Excellence Award (external link) SYSTECH AND SERVICEPOINT PARTNER TO DELIVER SERIALIZATION AND TRACK & TRACE SOLUTIONS TO PHARMACEUTICAL INDUSTRY IN EUROPE (external link) Sonatype and CloudBees Launch DevOps Express Initiative (external link) Sonatype Announces Nexus Repository Pro with High Availability and Software Component Analysis Built-in (external link) La Via della Seta su Binari: I Treni Blocco Cina-Europa (external link) Silk Road on Rails: The China-Europe Block Trains (external link) UAVtechnics unveils FLIR drone with dual thermal RGB camera (external link) Z3 Technology Introduces the Z3Cam-4K H.265 IP Camera with Integrated Auto Focus Zoom (external link) 1.5 Minute ConcussionTest “Sway” Issued CE Mark In EU as Medical Device (external link) Edo’s giant Lego­like blocks now on Kickstarter (external link) SENA PRÄSENTIERT REVOLUTIONÄREN SMART-FAHRRADHELM AUF DER EUROBIKE 2016 (external link) SENA PRESENTA ALLA FIERA EUROBIKE 2016 IL RIVOLUZIONARIO CASCO SMART PER IL CICLISMO (external link) SENA DESVELA EL REVOLUCIONARIO CASCO INTELIGENTE PARA CICLISTAS EN EUROBIKE 2016 (external link) SENA UNVEILS REVOLUTIONARY SMART CYCLING HELMET AT EUROBIKE 2016 (external link) Orbex instaura una partnership con l’università italiana LUM Jean Monnet (external link) BLUETOOTH COMMUNICATIONS LEADER SENA ANNOUNCES TECHNOLOGY-ADVANCED HEADSET ADDRESSING INDUSTRIAL WORKSITE DEMANDS (external link) Major Recruitment Drive Across Europe – Coming to Italy (external link) Moonbasa and ITA to Bring U.S. Fashion Brands to China (external link) Creative Approach Saves Germany’s E-Commerce Industry (external link) Introducing Torque Control Cordless Angle Wrenches from Express Assembly Products (external link) New LiberCloud Integration with Microsoft Office Online Helps Educators Incorporate Multi-media Slideshows in Blended Learning (external link) Sonatype Releases 2016 State of the Software Supply Chain Report (external link) Orbex Recognized As A Leader In Responsible Customer Service (external link) The volume of supply spot trading of oil products for the current 6 months on Ukrainian Energy Exchange amounted to $US 88.6 million (external link) WorldSIM is now the most connected mobile network in the world (external link) Ukrgasvydobuvannya earned additional 11 million UAH on Ukrainian Energy Exchange (external link) Rax.bg Attains VMware IaaS Powered Status in the VMware vCloud Air Network (external link) Roof Crafters Gives Away New Roof (external link) Ukrainian oil products fell in price against the background of global trends – Ukrainian Energy Exchange (external link) MaximumSoft Corp. announced the new release of its popular award-winning WebCopier Pro website download tool (external link) Innovative therapy in Europe: Functional Neurology to improve life of patients with brain and central nervous system disorders (external link) SIXTEEN NEW COMPANIES ENTER INTO PATENT LICENSE AGREEMENTS WITH CHRIMAR (external link) Nouvelle enrobeuse à chaud SimpliMet™ 4000: des temps de cycle plus courts et une fiabilité améliorée pour la préparation des échantillons métallographiques (external link) Piceasoft signs an Online technology agreement with Alternativ Data (external link) Mexico met de l’avant ses politiques de gestion de l’environnement et de santé au forum de l’OCDE (external link) Miguel Angel Mancera Espinosa – Des idées novatrices de la Ville de Mexico mises à l’honneur au Forum de l’OCDE à Paris (external link) Bang-Bang in Watchland (external link) GenQual and R-Pharm collaborate to deliver predictive diagnostics for novel anti-IL-6 antibody for autoimmune diseases (external link) Panel at World Humanitarian Summit in Istanbul to Highlight Often Overlooked Role Of Faith Groups (external link) DESIGNER GIONNI STRACCIA LAUNCHES HIS FIRST FASHION COLLECTION (external link) OMEGA DESIGN BECOMES PARTNER-IN-RESIDENCE AT SYSTECH’S PRINCETON HEADQUARTERS (external link) ETIPACK JOINS SYSTECH UNISOLVETM PARTNER ECOSYSTEM (external link) Xample Development SARL developed Helitab Electronic Flight Bag Mobile technology for Airbus Helicopters Super Puma EFB (external link) Discount Airport Parking Website Announces Expansion Plans (external link) EIT Digital bestows first doctorates addressing Europe’s need for entrepreneurial digital technology leaders (external link) Piceasoft signs a contract with RAS Infotech for the Middle East and India for its whole product portfolio (external link) TRAINERS EDGE VETERANS CHARITY FAMILY DAY AND FITNESS EVENT (external link) ArtBrew is launched at Kickstarter as the World’s Smartest Beer Home Brewery (external link) ADISA appoints VP for the Americas (external link) PiceaEraser made available to 5.000 Mobicode customers in UK (external link) Christoph Krähenbühl to speak at Systech UNIQUITY Conference in Amsterdam (external link) Panoptic Media Marketing Inc acquires GreatCircle Studios (external link) PiceaEraser™ is the first mobile erasure on the market to pass the ADISA claims test (external link) WorldSIM launches a new international SIM card that ends roaming charges for travellers worldwide (external link) Inno4Life Joins Systech UNIQUITY Conference as Prime Platinum Sponsor (external link) OMEGA DESIGN JOINS SYSTECH UNISOLVE PARTNER ECOSYSTEM (external link) A Window into the Philippines: Permanent New York City Window Display at the Philippine Center Showcases the Beautiful Country (external link) Inno4Life Joins Systech’s UniSolve™ Partner Program (external link) DIRECT CONNECT CONTINUES TO ACQUIRE SALES OFFICES WITH PURCHASE OF FLORIDA ISO (external link) TranslateMedia Joins Demandware LINK to Accelerate Commerce Innovation Categories Apparel (1,524) Art (208) Asset Inventory (142) Auctions (25) Automotive (124) Awards (678) Baby Products (101) Beauty (603) Books (140) Business (7,436) Children (507) Consumer Goods (1,453) Consumer Information (817) Consumer Services (774) Convenience Stores (269) Cosmetics (191) Coupons (214) Discounts (520) E-Commerce (951) Electronics (551) Entertainment (382) Environment (344) Equipment (202) Fashion (1,262) Financial (1,772) Food & Beverage (2,194) Fragrances (99) Furniture (166) Games (87) Gifts (755) Grocery (2,081) Healthcare (737) Home & Garden (422) Home Decor (524) Human Resources (381) Jewelry (210) Kiosks (23) Law (205) Loss Prevention (22) Malls (331) Management (8,170) Marketing (3,742) Merchant Services (117) Mobile (167) Mobile Point of Sale (20) Mystery Shopping (2) Online Retailers (1,495) Online Shopping (1,372) Outlet (348) Overstock (1) Pet Products (117) Philanthropy (837) Point of Purchase Displays (40) PR (812) Restaurants (409) Retail (12,340) Retail Clubs (22) Retail Design (131) Retail Services (533) Retail Software (330) Retail Solutions (269) Retail Trade Consulting (53) Retailer (11,368) Safety Products (77) Savings (265) Shopping (830) Shops (906) SPA Products (18) Sports (303) Store Fixtures (114) Supply Chain (31) Technology (770) Toys (169) Trade-in (38) Transportation & Logistics (42) Travel (22) Uncategorized (39) Vending (17) Recent PRs Walgreens Boots Alliance to present at the 35th Annual J.P. Morgan Healthcare Conference January 5, 2017 Sonic Corp. announces first quarter of fiscal year 2017 results January 5, 2017 The NRF Foundation announces 25 individuals named to The List of People Shaping Retail’s Future January 5, 2017 Immochan France CFO Benoît Chang appointed CEO of the Alliages & Territoires company January 5, 2017 Chipotle launches an online tool to help customers not just count calories, but make calories count January 5, 2017 Athleta launches Power of She campaign; features 98-year-old yogi Tao Porchon-Lynch on itS first 2017 catalog cover January 5, 2017 PREIT announces its proactive efforts to replace Sears stores in Capital City, Magnolia and Woodland Malls January 5, 2017 Macy’s appoints CBRE for the disposition of its stores that are closing January 5, 2017 Stockmann finalises divestment of Hobby Hall to Finnish SGN Group January 5, 2017 Garmin adds three fēnix® 5 series watches to its line of multisport GPS wearables January 5, 2017 Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen, Inc. to present at the 19th Annual ICR Conference in Orlando on January 11, 2017 January 5, 2017 Express, Inc. to present at the 19th Annual ICR Conference on January 10, 2017 in Orlando, Florida January 5, 2017 Barnes & Noble offers educators special discounts to celebrate Educator Appreciation Days from January 7-15, 2017 January 5, 2017 Barnes & Noble announces the start of the 2017 “Barnes & Noble My Favorite Teacher Contest” January 5, 2017 The Gourmet Group moves headquarters to Enterprise City at DurhamGate development owned and managed by LCP January 5, 2017 Dunkin’ Donuts adds the Americano to its variety of premium, specially crafted coffees and espressos January 5, 2017 Baskin-Robbins launches new Warm Lava Cake Sundaes January 5, 2017 Staples Survey revealed optimism among small business owners as they kick off 2017 January 5, 2017 SPAR Hungary opens its first recruitment office located at SPAR Supermarket in Nyugati Square January 5, 2017 hhgregg announces the appointment of Aaron Trahan as Chief Merchandising Officer January 5, 2017 Archives January 2017 (46) December 2016 (412) November 2016 (666) October 2016 (633) September 2016 (693) August 2016 (589) July 2016 (508) June 2016 (344) May 2016 (366) April 2016 (341) March 2016 (317) February 2016 (308) January 2016 (331) December 2015 (423) November 2015 (496) October 2015 (544) September 2015 (491) August 2015 (285) July 2015 (219) June 2015 (182) May 2015 (146) April 2015 (195) March 2015 (219) February 2015 (164) January 2015 (170) December 2014 (156) November 2014 (182) October 2014 (208) September 2014 (222) August 2014 (158) July 2014 (166) June 2014 (179) May 2014 (159) April 2014 (191) March 2014 (184) February 2014 (187) January 2014 (125) December 2013 (2) November 2013 (1) October 2013 (2) September 2013 (2) August 2013 (3) July 2013 (4) June 2013 (6) May 2013 (8) April 2013 (6) March 2013 (6) February 2013 (14) January 2013 (12) December 2012 (16) November 2012 (18) October 2012 (21) September 2012 (11) August 2012 (9) July 2012 (7) June 2012 (12) May 2012 (29) April 2012 (34) March 2012 (36) February 2012 (35) January 2012 (25) December 2011 (35) November 2011 (52) October 2011 (47) September 2011 (35) August 2011 (43) July 2011 (41) June 2011 (33) May 2011 (26) April 2011 (40) March 2011 (36) February 2011 (24) January 2011 (17) December 2010 (33) November 2010 (30) October 2010 (31) September 2010 (41) August 2010 (28) July 2010 (36) June 2010 (40) May 2010 (32) April 2010 (29) March 2010 (33) February 2010 (29) January 2010 (21) December 2009 (31) November 2009 (37) October 2009 (26) September 2009 (21) August 2009 (16) July 2009 (14) June 2009 (17) May 2009 (14) April 2009 (11) March 2009 (12) February 2009 (15) January 2009 (10) December 2008 (23) November 2008 (25) October 2008 (34) September 2008 (24) August 2008 (12) Blogroll Amazon.com Comparison Shopping Blog Consumerist Cooper’s Retail Blog Delight Discount Store News Display & Design Ideas EPR Food & Beverage News EPR Retail News @ Feedburner EPR Retail News @ MyBlogLog EPR Retail News @ Technorati European Retail News and Press Releases Free Retail Press Releases Heads-O-R(e)tail JCPenney Kmart L.L. Bean Labelscar: The Retail History Blog Macy’s Merchants News Mighty Goods Shopping Blog Morning News Beat News on Retail Oleg Lazarov Overstock.com Point of Purchase Magazine Real Time Retail Press Release Distribution Retail Contrarian Retail News – Topix Retail Store Blog Retail Systems Retail Technology Blog Retail Week Retail-Blog Retailer News Retailers.com RetailSource RetailWire RT Magazine Sam’s Club Sears, Roebuck and Co. ShoppingBlog.com Stores.org Strange New Products Stylehive Supermarket News Target US Tesco The Curious Shopper Uncrate Wal-Mart WorldWide Retail Exchange © 2008 - 2017 EPR Retail News All Rights Reserved. All trade marks and names are owned by their respective owners. This retail newswire service is a spin-off of, and brought to you by EPR Network LLC. EPR Network LLC. is part of EuropaWireLtd. Terms of Service | Disclaimer | Privacy | Takedown | Copyright | DMCA | RSS | Google+ Powered by WP & theme by Citizen Journal
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iPad Air 2 iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS Sierra Retina MacBook tvOS 10 watchOS 3 Buyer's Guide Forums iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s Retina MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air Apple VR Project iMac iPad Air 2 Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > New in OS X: Get MacRumors Push Notifications on your Mac Resubscribe Now Close iPhone 7 Tops Google's 2016 'Year in Search' Tech List, Loses to Pokémon Go in Overall Searches Wednesday December 14, 2016 8:00 am PST by Mitchel Broussard Google has listed its annual "Year in Search" results, highlighting the most popular searches performed by people throughout 2016. As is usually the case, Apple-related search inquiries topped a few of the charts over the last twelve months, with Apple winning four total spots in the Consumer Tech category: the iPhone 7 topped the list ahead of the Freedom 251, iPhone SE, iPhone 6s, Google Pixel, Samsung Galaxy S7, iPhone 7 Plus, Galaxy Note7, Nintendo Switch, and Samsung J7. Last December, the iPhone 6s ranked #1 in the same category, with the Apple Watch coming in at a high point at #3. Apple's wearable was nowhere to be seen in the top Google tech searches in 2016, despite Apple launching the new Series 1 and Series 2 versions of the device. In the Overall searches category, Pokémon Go came in first place in 2016 thanks to the height of its popularity and player base earlier in the summer, and the game's continued updates and additions throughout the fall. iPhone 7 ranked second behind Pokémon Go, and was the only Apple-related item to be listed in the section this year. Other popular search terms in 2016 were for Deadpool, the Olympics, Slither.io, Prince, David Bowie, and more. Check out the rest of Google's Year in Search rankings here to discover the most popularly searched movies, news, tv shows, musicians, and more this past year. Related Roundup: iPhone 7 Tag: Google [ 30 comments ] Top Rated Comments (View all) magicschoolbus 3 weeks ago #1 Search in 2017: USB C Dongles Rating: 8 Votes decafjava 3 weeks ago Apple is doomed if they continue their current business model. Microsoft, Google, Amazon, Samsung, HP, Lenovo, Asus, Gateway, Nvidia, Qualcomm, etc.. are all building off each other to improve OS's, Applications and Services. Microsoft is completely wrapping itself around Android. All their services are on Android much more than iOS. You can text and receive notifications natively within Windows 10 from an Android phone. Its somewhat limited in the current version but will be really baked in with the upcoming Anniversary update. This is a smart move! At the same time Microsoft is working with Qualcomm to bring Windows x86 to phones. How about a phone that can be plugged into a dock and be a FULL Windows machine with eGPU performance. Imagine how different our discussions would be on these forums if Apple allowed HP to build a laptop with MacOS? Maybe we wouldn't be so disappointed wit the 2016 MacBook Pro! I'm loving the hell out of my new HP Spectre x360 convertible laptop. Probably the best laptop I have ever owned and I am a tech junkie. i7, 16gb, 512gb SSD for $1,100. There is NO company in the world that can manage Hardware, OS, and Services ecosystem for long without opening it up for other innovators (and not just apps)! There are too many moving pieces and too many things to cycle through and update. The companies that build open systems and allow other billion dollar companies, small businesses, and entrepreneurs to use their smartest and brightest to extend their products and services is the only way to grow in an industry that moves incredibly fast! Apple has peaked. Apple revolutionized the mobile phone and extended the profitability by making the iPad which was really just a large phone. While they dominated the industry they forced people to buy their PC's and it worked! They grew faster than ever before and became the largest company in the world! They pushed the entire industry into a new era and everyone scrambled and worked together and now surpassed Apple in almost everyway. The only way Apple can change things is to do something revolutionary again but history has taught us that doesn't happen especially when the visionary of the company has died. The iPhone 8 isn't going to change this. I have recently moved a family of six off the Apple ecosystem and spent 1/3rd of what I had invested in Apple while giving almost everyone in the family more functionality. BTW, my family loves the heck out of Google Home. It sits in the kitchen and there isn't a day that goes by that the family isn't asking it questions and playing music! Tim You sure you're in the right forum? Rating: 5 Votes tuzzanti 3 weeks ago Apple is doomed if they continue their current business model. Microsoft, Google, Amazon, Samsung, HP, Lenovo, Asus, Gateway, Nvidia, Qualcomm, etc.. are all building off each other to improve OS's, Applications and Services. Microsoft is completely wrapping itself around Android. All their services are on Android much more than iOS. You can text and receive notifications natively within Windows 10 from an Android phone. Its somewhat limited in the current version but will be really baked in with the upcoming Anniversary update. This is a smart move! At the same time Microsoft is working with Qualcomm to bring Windows x86 to phones. How about a phone that can be plugged into a dock and be a FULL Windows machine with eGPU performance. Imagine how different our discussions would be on these forums if Apple allowed HP to build a laptop with MacOS? Maybe we wouldn't be so disappointed wit the 2016 MacBook Pro! I'm loving the hell out of my new HP Spectre x360 convertible laptop. Probably the best laptop I have ever owned and I am a tech junkie. i7, 16gb, 512gb SSD for $1,100. There is NO company in the world that can manage Hardware, OS, and Services ecosystem for long without opening it up for other innovators (and not just apps)! There are too many moving pieces and too many things to cycle through and update. The companies that build open systems and allow other billion dollar companies, small businesses, and entrepreneurs to use their smartest and brightest to extend their products and services is the only way to grow in an industry that moves incredibly fast! Apple has peaked. Apple revolutionized the mobile phone and extended the profitability by making the iPad which was really just a large phone. While they dominated the industry they forced people to buy their PC's and it worked! They grew faster than ever before and became the largest company in the world! They pushed the entire industry into a new era and everyone scrambled and worked together and now surpassed Apple in almost everyway. The only way Apple can change things is to do something revolutionary again but history has taught us that doesn't happen especially when the visionary of the company has died. The iPhone 8 isn't going to change this. I have recently moved a family of six off the Apple ecosystem and spent 1/3rd of what I had invested in Apple while giving almost everyone in the family more functionality. BTW, my family loves the heck out of Google Home. It sits in the kitchen and there isn't a day that goes by that the family isn't asking it questions and playing music! Tim Rating: 4 Votes coolfactor 3 weeks ago That video reaches deep. Rating: 3 Votes ILuvEggplant 3 weeks ago well if you break down the google searches it comes up something like this .. "the iphone 7 looks like the iphone 6, a 3 year old iphone" "the iphone 7 has no headphone jack" "the iphone 7 is not innovative" Rating: 2 Votes deany 3 weeks ago In the UK "How to make your hair grow faster" features very highly. Interesting.:rolleyes: Rating: 2 Votes TMRJIJ 3 weeks ago Apple is doomed if they continue their current business model. Microsoft, Google, Amazon, Samsung, HP, Lenovo, Asus, Gateway, Nvidia, Qualcomm, etc.. are all building off each other to improve OS's, Applications and Services. Microsoft is completely wrapping itself around Android. All their services are on Android much more than iOS. You can text and receive notifications natively within Windows 10 from an Android phone. Its somewhat limited in the current version but will be really baked in with the upcoming Anniversary update. This is a smart move! At the same time Microsoft is working with Qualcomm to bring Windows x86 to phones. How about a phone that can be plugged into a dock and be a FULL Windows machine with eGPU performance. Imagine how different our discussions would be on these forums if Apple allowed HP to build a laptop with MacOS? Maybe we wouldn't be so disappointed wit the 2016 MacBook Pro! I'm loving the hell out of my new HP Spectre x360 convertible laptop. Probably the best laptop I have ever owned and I am a tech junkie. i7, 16gb, 512gb SSD for $1,100. There is NO company in the world that can manage Hardware, OS, and Services ecosystem for long without opening it up for other innovators (and not just apps)! There are too many moving pieces and too many things to cycle through and update. The companies that build open systems and allow other billion dollar companies, small businesses, and entrepreneurs to use their smartest and brightest to extend their products and services is the only way to grow in an industry that moves incredibly fast! Apple has peaked. Apple revolutionized the mobile phone and extended the profitability by making the iPad which was really just a large phone. While they dominated the industry they forced people to buy their PC's and it worked! They grew faster than ever before and became the largest company in the world! They pushed the entire industry into a new era and everyone scrambled and worked together and now surpassed Apple in almost everyway. The only way Apple can change things is to do something revolutionary again but history has taught us that doesn't happen especially when the visionary of the company has died. The iPhone 8 isn't going to change this. I have recently moved a family of six off the Apple ecosystem and spent 1/3rd of what I had invested in Apple while giving almost everyone in the family more functionality. BTW, my family loves the heck out of Google Home. It sits in the kitchen and there isn't a day that goes by that the family isn't asking it questions and playing music! Tim For future references, a TL;DR sentence would be helpful for some members here :cool: Rating: 2 Votes sinsin07 3 weeks ago For future references, a TL;DR sentence would be helpful for some members here :cool: Or maybe give an air date for the HBO special. Rating: 2 Votes decafjava 3 weeks ago well if you break down the google searches it comes up something like this .. "the iphone 7 looks like the iphone 6, a 3 year old iphone" "the iphone 7 has no headphone jack" "the iphone 7 is not innovative" Just proves people are superficial and gullible (A10 chip super fast, can you tell the difference between an S6, 6 or 7 Edge at first glance etc.) whatever. Rating: 2 Votes Thunderhawks 3 weeks ago In the UK "How to make your hair grow faster" features very highly. Interesting.:rolleyes: And how to set your VCR is always a winner. Rating: 1 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming iMac Early 2017 Updated models with AMD graphics options expected in early 2017. iPad Pro Early 2017? New ~10.5-inch model with nearly bezel-free design rumored. iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 New glass-backed design rumored to lose the Home button. More Blog Stories Apple Celebrates Chinese New Year With Exclusive Wallpapers Created on iPad, iMac, and MacBook Pro 9 hours ago on iOS Blog In celebration of the 2017 Chinese New Year, designated Year of the Rooster, Apple has launched a new section on its website in China, Hong Kong, Taiwan, and Singapore highlighting five young Chinese... 15 comments 'Finder for AirPods' App Can Help You Track Down a Missing AirPod 10 hours ago on iOS Blog The lightweight nature and small size of Apple's AirPods have caused concerns for current and future owners of the Bluetooth headphones, centering around how easy it could be to lose them. iOS... 57 comments Apple Will Open its First Retail Store in South Korea This Year 14 hours ago on Mac Blog Apple will open its first retail store in South Korea this year, according to a report on Friday (via Reuters). The country's Yonhap News Agency said that construction was underway for a... 10 comments Instagram Adds Support for Wide Color and Live Photos 23 hours ago on iOS Blog At Apple's September 2016 special event, Instagram announced several new features for its app to take advantage of various iPhone capabilities. Today, co-founder Mike Krieger announced that two... 16 comments Verizon Eliminates Two-Year Contracts for Smartphone Upgrades 1 day ago on iOS Blog Starting today, Verizon will no longer be allowing customers who are upgrading their smartphones to purchase a two-year contract, effectively eliminating two-year contracts for all new and existing... 129 comments CES 2017: Henge Docks Debuts New Horizontal and Vertical Docking Stations for 2016 MacBook Pro 1 day ago on Mac Blog Henge, known for its range of docks for Apple's line of notebooks and iOS devices, today introduced new docking stations designed for the 2016 MacBook Pro. There are a total of three new docks:... 20 comments CES 2017: Razer Debuts 'Project Valerie' Triple Display Laptop 1 day ago on Mac Blog Razer, known for its gaming laptops and accessories, today unveiled its latest product, the world's first triple display laptop. Project Valerie features a Razer laptop that's equipped with... 103 comments Elago's W3 Charging Stand Turns Your Apple Watch Into the Original Macintosh 1 day ago on Mac Blog Elago's W3 Stand for Apple Watch can turn Apple's modern wearable device into a classic Macintosh, all while charging and protecting the Apple Watch. The Nightstand Mode-only accessory has a... 31 comments • CES 2017: Leviton Debuts New HomeKit-Enabled Light Switches and Dimmers (20) • CES 2017: Honeywell Debuts Two Home Security Cameras, Adding HomeKit to Lyric Security System (15) • CES 2017: OtterBox uniVERSE Modular Case System Coming to iPad Air 2 and 9.7-Inch iPad Pro (5) • CES 2017: Apple Pay Integration With 'MORE.' Loyalty Program Coming to 300,000 U.S. Vending Machines (4) • CES 2017: Promise Technology Unveils New 2TB Apollo Cloud With Lower $199 Price Tag (16) • CES 2017: Clarion, JVC, and Kenwood Debut New Aftermarket CarPlay Systems (23) • CES 2017: Incipio's 'Kiddy Lock' Case for iPhone 7 Keeps Kids From Accessing Home Button (32)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Husain Sumra Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade TouchArcade Needs Your Help - Tell Your Friends and Support Our Patreon TouchArcade Game of the Week: 'Milkmaid of the Milky Way' Cult Flash RPG 'Sonny' Coming to Mobile Courtesy of Armor Games Artsy and Emotional Puzzle Adventure 'Shards of Memories' Now Available 'Demon's Rise' Gets Update Bringing Tech on Par With 'Demon's Rise 2' Developer PSA: Don't Forget to Submit Your Games to the IndiePlus 2017 Contest to Potentially Win $10,000 AppShopper Apple Announces New iPhone 6s with 3D Touch Apple Announces iPad Pro with 12.9-inch Retina Display Apple Announces iOS 9, Bringing Split-Screen Multi-tasking to iPad Apple Announces Mac OS X 10.11 'El Capitan' Apple Watch Pre-Orders to Open on April 10, Available Starting on April 24 Apple Announces New 12-inch MacBook with Retina Display Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iPad Air 2 iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS Sierra Retina MacBook tvOS 10 watchOS 3 Buyer's Guide Forums iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s Retina MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air Apple VR Project iMac iPad Air 2 Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > New in OS X: Get MacRumors Push Notifications on your Mac Resubscribe Now Close AirPods Now Estimated to Ship in 6 Weeks Wednesday December 14, 2016 8:28 am PST by Joe Rossignol Apple has updated its website to indicate AirPods are now estimated to ship in 6 weeks in the United States and many other countries around the world. The wireless earphones have been available for purchase on Apple's website since yesterday, with initial orders set to be delivered as early as December 19. Apple said AirPods will be shipping in limited quantities at launch, so it is unsurprising that shipping estimates have quickly slipped from 2 weeks to 4 weeks to 6 weeks around the world. The delay means customers who have yet to place an order will likely not receive their AirPods until 2017. However, those who missed out still have a chance, as Apple said AirPods will be available for purchase at Apple Stores, authorized resellers, and select carriers next week. Apple noted stores will receive "regular AirPods shipments," and customers would be wise to call their local store ahead of time to confirm stock. AirPods are Apple's all-new $159 wireless earphones. The cord-free earphones instantly turn on and connect to your iPhone, Apple Watch, iPad, or Mac when taken out of their charging case. Likewise, audio automatically plays as soon as you put them in your ears and pauses when you take them out. AirPods, driven by Apple's custom W1 chip for one-tap setup, deliver up to 5 hours of listening time on one charge, and a 15-minute fast charge provides up to 3 hours of listening time. The accompanying charging case holds multiple additional charges for more than 24 hours of listening time. AirPods use optical sensors and a motion accelerometer to detect when they are in your ears. Doubling tapping an earpiece invokes Siri, which can be used to adjust the volume, change the song, make a call, or get directions. An accelerometer works with beamforming microphones to filter out background noise. Tags: AirPods, Apple retail [ 236 comments ] Top Rated Comments (View all) Blizzardman 3 weeks ago Blah blah only Apple sheep are buying them. Blah blah Apple has lost their innovation. Can't wait for the negative posts to start flooding in. Clearly there is a demand for new Apple products that is angering a very small vocal amount of people. Rating: 42 Votes Keniutek 3 weeks ago Go beta testers go... Rating: 34 Votes jayducharme 3 weeks ago Evidently, there are lots of people who aren't concerned about the short battery life or the possibility of losing them. Apple seems to have another successful product launch on its hands, once again defying early criticisms. There's an interesting review here, where the user tries to dislodge the AirPods: [MEDIA=youtube]PZPShum9fSs[/MEDIA] Rating: 33 Votes c3pa 3 weeks ago Ship in 6 weeks? How come, their first ship was actually the Titanic. Just look at her deck. Rating: 25 Votes Precursor 3 weeks ago Why not have iPhone 8 to order online while we're at it, "to be delivered in 50-56 weeks" Rating: 17 Votes MacTM83 3 weeks ago Just love the people concerned about losing them. Take care of your sh*t. Same people in the Apple stores complaining that they didn't break their screen and want everything for free. Take responsibility. And for the people complaining about them. Don't buy them simple. Rating: 17 Votes atlatnesiti 3 weeks ago i hope apple goes bankrupt All this trolling on MR Forums and yet Apple is going from strength to strength, shares are up and people are buying their products in volumes like never before. Rating: 15 Votes NT1440 3 weeks ago What a pair of lemons these are shaping up to be, with their 5h battery life and sound quality as good as the earphones that come for free with your iPhone. smh Please, show us another pair on independent earbuds that have better than 5 hour batter life. Rating: 15 Votes Schwyz 3 weeks ago My December 21 delivery feels good. Rating: 15 Votes FSMBP 3 weeks ago These honestly look great - my only concern is Siri doing everything. In a loud gym, I always skip tracks, change volume from my headphones (hence why Apple added hardware controls to headphones over time). Maybe it's me, but being surrounded by a bunch of people and saying "Turn down the volume" at the gym seems awkward. Let alone if I'm running and out of breath. Rating: 14 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming iMac Early 2017 Updated models with AMD graphics options expected in early 2017. iPad Pro Early 2017? New ~10.5-inch model with nearly bezel-free design rumored. iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 New glass-backed design rumored to lose the Home button. More Blog Stories Apple Celebrates Chinese New Year With Exclusive Wallpapers Created on iPad, iMac, and MacBook Pro 9 hours ago on iOS Blog In celebration of the 2017 Chinese New Year, designated Year of the Rooster, Apple has launched a new section on its website in China, Hong Kong, Taiwan, and Singapore highlighting five young Chinese... 15 comments 'Finder for AirPods' App Can Help You Track Down a Missing AirPod 10 hours ago on iOS Blog The lightweight nature and small size of Apple's AirPods have caused concerns for current and future owners of the Bluetooth headphones, centering around how easy it could be to lose them. iOS... 57 comments Apple Will Open its First Retail Store in South Korea This Year 14 hours ago on Mac Blog Apple will open its first retail store in South Korea this year, according to a report on Friday (via Reuters). The country's Yonhap News Agency said that construction was underway for a... 10 comments Instagram Adds Support for Wide Color and Live Photos 23 hours ago on iOS Blog At Apple's September 2016 special event, Instagram announced several new features for its app to take advantage of various iPhone capabilities. Today, co-founder Mike Krieger announced that two... 16 comments Verizon Eliminates Two-Year Contracts for Smartphone Upgrades 1 day ago on iOS Blog Starting today, Verizon will no longer be allowing customers who are upgrading their smartphones to purchase a two-year contract, effectively eliminating two-year contracts for all new and existing... 129 comments CES 2017: Henge Docks Debuts New Horizontal and Vertical Docking Stations for 2016 MacBook Pro 1 day ago on Mac Blog Henge, known for its range of docks for Apple's line of notebooks and iOS devices, today introduced new docking stations designed for the 2016 MacBook Pro. There are a total of three new docks:... 20 comments CES 2017: Razer Debuts 'Project Valerie' Triple Display Laptop 1 day ago on Mac Blog Razer, known for its gaming laptops and accessories, today unveiled its latest product, the world's first triple display laptop. Project Valerie features a Razer laptop that's equipped with... 103 comments Elago's W3 Charging Stand Turns Your Apple Watch Into the Original Macintosh 1 day ago on Mac Blog Elago's W3 Stand for Apple Watch can turn Apple's modern wearable device into a classic Macintosh, all while charging and protecting the Apple Watch. The Nightstand Mode-only accessory has a... 31 comments • CES 2017: Leviton Debuts New HomeKit-Enabled Light Switches and Dimmers (20) • CES 2017: Honeywell Debuts Two Home Security Cameras, Adding HomeKit to Lyric Security System (15) • CES 2017: OtterBox uniVERSE Modular Case System Coming to iPad Air 2 and 9.7-Inch iPad Pro (5) • CES 2017: Apple Pay Integration With 'MORE.' Loyalty Program Coming to 300,000 U.S. Vending Machines (4) • CES 2017: Promise Technology Unveils New 2TB Apollo Cloud With Lower $199 Price Tag (16) • CES 2017: Clarion, JVC, and Kenwood Debut New Aftermarket CarPlay Systems (23) • CES 2017: Incipio's 'Kiddy Lock' Case for iPhone 7 Keeps Kids From Accessing Home Button (32)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Husain Sumra Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade TouchArcade Needs Your Help - Tell Your Friends and Support Our Patreon TouchArcade Game of the Week: 'Milkmaid of the Milky Way' Cult Flash RPG 'Sonny' Coming to Mobile Courtesy of Armor Games Artsy and Emotional Puzzle Adventure 'Shards of Memories' Now Available 'Demon's Rise' Gets Update Bringing Tech on Par With 'Demon's Rise 2' Developer PSA: Don't Forget to Submit Your Games to the IndiePlus 2017 Contest to Potentially Win $10,000 AppShopper Apple Announces New iPhone 6s with 3D Touch Apple Announces iPad Pro with 12.9-inch Retina Display Apple Announces iOS 9, Bringing Split-Screen Multi-tasking to iPad Apple Announces Mac OS X 10.11 'El Capitan' Apple Watch Pre-Orders to Open on April 10, Available Starting on April 24 Apple Announces New 12-inch MacBook with Retina Display Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
Place an advert Buy a photo Plus Rewards Puzzles Like us Follow us Login Register  ° Site Search Phrase News Sport What's On Jobs Property Motors Directory Notices Buy&Sell Dating ALL Crime Education Business Health Jobs News Politics Blogs Letters Nostalgia Community Golden Apple Awards 2017: Don't miss out on chance to nominate heroes of education By Scunthorpe Telegraph  |  Posted: December 15, 2016   0 COMMENTS   SHARES PROUD OF ACHIEVEMENTS: Finalists with their certificates at the Grimsby and Scunthorpe Telegraph Golden Apple Awards 2016, held at the Humber Royal Hotel. Picture: Jon Corken Golden Apple Awards 2017: Don't miss out on chance to nominate heroes of educat... X Share Tweet Share Pin It Email Copy link to paste in your message / PROUD OF ACHIEVEMENTS: Finalists with their certificates at the Grimsby and Scunthorpe Telegraph Golden Apple Awards... Recap: Public meeting over oil drilling plans 1 RECAP: King's Arms claims victory in Haxey Hood 2017 1 £13.3m flood defence plans go on show to the public 1 Comments (0) THE GRIMSBY and Scunthorpe Telegraphs Golden Apple Awards are returning for a second year! Following on from last year's hugely successful campaign, the awards are are back for 2017 and will once again look to find the best schools, academies, colleges, staff and students to shout from the rooftops about all that is good about our region's education. They are aimed at recognising the talent, skills and hard work that goes into teaching and providing education in North and North East Lincolnshire. They also raise the profile of great teaching in our community and reward those whose work deserves to be recognised among their peers. Officially launched today, nominations will now remain open for an eight-week period. Finalists will be shortlisted in February by an independently selected judging panel and invited to attend the awards ceremony at the Forest Pines Hotel on Thursday, March 2. Following the success of the inaugural awards campaign earlier this year, we are looking to once again recognise and celebrate the very best in education that Northern Lincolnshire has to offer. Headline sponsors The Grimsby Institute Group are backing this "fantastic opportunity" to recognise outstanding achievements. A spokesperson, said: "Excellence in education is something we feel very strongly about; whether that's young people who work their hardest to better themselves, adults who find their place after returning to education or education providers who offer training and education solutions that meet and exceed the needs of our community. "The Golden Apple Awards are important because they recognise the outstanding work that takes place every day in schools, colleges and other providers across our region. This is a fantastic opportunity for everyone to nominate those individuals and groups who deserve to be rewarded for going that extra mile or excelling under exceptional circumstances." Awards will be presented for exceptional efforts and achievements in these categories: Teaching Assistant of the Year – The winner will be a teaching assistant, member or team of support staff who's contributions deserve recognition for the positive difference that they make to improve their educational establishment. Community Award – The judges will be looking for an educational establishment that has created beneficial links and/or partnerships with the community it serves or beyond. Award for Innovation – This award will go to a school, academy college or university who can demonstrate innovation in a specific field to help create further opportunities and improve individual or group achievement and potential. Teacher/Lecturer of the Year – This award will recognise a teacher or lecturer who inspires and engages students to fulfil their potential and makes an exceptional contribution to the life of their school, college or university. Star Student Award (under 16) – This award will go to an individual or group of people who rose to meet an exceptional challenge which affected themselves as individuals or their establishment during the academy year 2015-16. Star Student Award (16+) – This award will go to an individual who has not only achieved academically but also shown model superior character and citizenship. Against All Odds Award – This will go to an individual or group of people who rose to meet an exceptional challenge which affected themselves as individuals or their establishment during the academic year. Outstanding Sporting Achievement – An award for the educational establishment (catering for any age group) that can demonstrate an outstanding commitment to both encouraging students to be active on a regular basis with a wide participation in sports and other physical pursuits and achieving success in those activities. Apprentice of the Year – This award will go to a student who has completed an apprenticeship within the academic year (2015-16) or is working towards an apprenticeship. Judges will be looking for someone who has made outstanding progress in both their practical work and in their studies and who have made an exceptional contribution to their workplace. Business Support for Schools Award – This award will go to a local business that displays excellent help and support to local schools. Lifetime Contribution Award – This prestigious award will go to someone who, according to the judges, has had a significant and positive impact on education in North East Lincolnshire over a period of years. To enter online, fill out the form below. &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;a href="&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;a href="&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;a href="https://northcliffe.wufoo.com/forms/zw2l1fo0wvapko/"&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/a&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;a href="https://northcliffe.wufoo.com/forms/zw2l1fo0wvapko.."&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;https://northcliffe.wufoo.com/forms/zw2l1fo0wvapko...&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/a&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;."&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;a href="https://northcliffe.wufoo.com/forms/zw2l1fo0wvapko.."&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;https://northcliffe.wufoo.com/forms/zw2l1fo0wvapko...&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/a&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;.&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/a&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;"&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;Fill out my Wufoo form!&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/a&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; Report this article Read more from Scunthorpe Telegraph Most Recent Most Commented Recap: Public meeting over oil drilling plans RECAP: King's Arms claims victory in Haxey Hood 2017 £13.3m flood defence plans go on show to the public House in North Lincolnshire removed from property website after... Tesco shoppers spotted in pyjamas branded 'disgusting' - do you... Brits now want to remain in the EU! How would you vote if the... Do you have something to say? Leave your comment here... max 4000 characters Comments Newest Oldest Best Rated YOUR COMMENTS AWAITING MODERATION Send me jobs by email Hot Jobs Deputy Manager Salary : £22,808.06 per annum (pro rata) Vehicle Quality Site Supervisor Salary : Between £17,800-£19,600 dependant on experience (£9.50–£10.50 per hour) Civil & Mechanical Engineering Operatives Salary : competitive Cabinet Maker / Bench Hand Joiner Salary : Salary is dependent on previous experience Chief Executive Officer Salary : Negotiable Marketing and PR Assistant Salary : Grade G (£25,578 - £27,822) ZAP Project - Early Intervention Worker Salary : £17,775 per annum (pro rata) for 31 hours per week worked flexibly Trainee PCV Driver Salary : Expected annual earnings will be approx. £25,000+ per annum. Float Legal Secretary Salary : £15000.00 - £18000.00 per annum Float Legal Secretary Salary : £15000.00 - £18000.00 per annum Academy Reading Lead (Librarian) Salary : (£17,169 FTE) pro rata to £14,620 per annum Administration Assistant Salary : £15,823 FTE Cover Supervisor Salary : Actual salary £15,889 - £17,480 Graduate Intern in Maths Salary : £16,772 – £17,891 fte   £13,510 - £14,411 - actual Graduate Intern in Physics Salary : £16,772 – £17,891 fte   £13,510 - £14,411 - actual Finance Officer Salary : £22,937 Applications Engineer Salary : £30000.00 - £35000.00 per annum DRIVERS Salary : £26,000-£32,000 Dispensor Salary : £8.00 to £9.50 per hour Deputy Head of English Salary : £6,386 Show your pictures Upload your pictures and share with the community! × Report Abuse Name * Email * What is the primary reason you are reporting this message as abusive? General Abuse Profanity Explicit Content Impersonation Harassment Libel Racial Abuse Religious Abuse Spam Private Information Additional Comments? Cancel Report Abuse Related Links News Business Crime Politics Entertainment Education Health Transport Have Your Say Polls Jobs News Transport Crime Sport Football Other Sport Football Cricket Picture Galleries Scunthorpe Scorpions Rugby Scunthorpe United Our Site Video Jobs Dating Vouchers Letters Corrections & Clarifications How to Complain Promotions Buy and Sell Notices Buy a photo Cars Property Classifieds Places Shopping Estate Agents Restaurants Health and Beauty Hotels and Travel Attractions Pubs and Bars Hairdressers Sport and Leisure Services Tradesmen Business Services Motoring Builders and Construction Gardening Education Plumbers Legal Services Taxis & Vehicle Hire Copyright © 2017 Local World. All Rights Reserved. Contact Us Privacy & Cookies Terms & Conditions House Rules
Home Industry Technology Super Mario Run comes to iPhones and iPads; here’s all that you need to know Super Mario Run comes to iPhones and iPads; here’s all that you need to know The famous Super Mario Run game is officially launching for Apple devices on December 16. This will be the first instance when Mario can be played on screens other than Nintendo's own. By: FE Online | Published: December 15, 2016 5:43 PM According to the announcement made by Nintendo in November, the SuperMario Run game will come to iPhones and iPads at .99, which according to their website, will be Rs 620 in India. The famous Super Mario Run game is officially launching for Apple devices on December 16. This will be the first instance when Mario can be played on screens other than Nintendo’s own. Apple had announced the game back in early September when it had launched the flagship smartphones iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. According to the announcement made by Nintendo in November, the SuperMario Run game will come to iPhones and iPads at $9.99, which according to their website, will be Rs 620 in India. Once a user pays this much of money online, he/she will be provided with full access to all the game modes and there are three on offer. The game which can be played with one hand can be downloaded for free also but the access will be limited for each of the modes. The Super Mario Run is a little different version of the original game that has a nostalgia attached to it. While in the traditional game, we could control every movement that the Italian plumber made, but here the forward movement is automatic, all you need to do is jump at the right time, save yourself from obstacles, collect coins and reach the end. The three games modes are World Tour, Toad Rally and Kingdom builder. The World Tour comprises of a lot of aspects like plains, hills, castles and the likes covering 6 different worlds to reach your princess. In Toad Rally you can challenge players all over the world including your friends. And you get to perform moves in front of an audience of toads. Kingdom builder lets you build your kingdom with coins and friendly toads. Also see:  The classic game will launch on December 15 and Indians will be among the first to get it. The multi-lingual game will be available for iOS devices only and will come to Android sometime later. As of now, you can search the game on the app store and select Notify option so that Apple notifies you when the game is listed after launch. Please Wait while comments are loading... Trending Now Russian President Vladimir Putin directed cyber campaign to help Donald Trump: Intelligence report Shocking: Deprived of hearse service, agrieved father carries dead daughter for 15 kms; watch video Boosted by Apple, Wall Street parties like it's 19,999 Gold slips from one-month high after US data; palladium rises Pizza deliveryman shot by police gets $ 4.4mn settlement Virat Kohli named Team India ODI, T20 captain; All you want to know about the skipper Bengaluru mass molestation: Women wearing short clothes are inviting troubles, says Swami Omji Multiple people shot at Fort Lauderdale international airport: Reports Man punches 2 women, hurls anti-Indian abuse in New York China likely to have third aircraft carrier: Official media Delhi BJP accuses Satyendar Jain of corruption, says he must be sacked  EDITOR’S PICKS Sterling heads for strongest month in 8 years, hits nine-week high Demonetisation: Delhiites throng to petrol pumps, cooperative stores to use old notes Militants attack police station in Kupwara district Mumbai among world's top trending tourist spots for 2017 Spot pothole on Maharashtra highways and get Rs 1,000: PWD Minister Chandrakant Patil Hurricane Otto hits Nicaragua coast as quake shakes region Videos Netflix launches new horror series in LA Free wifi: a wolf in sheeps clothing? Delhi woman, teenager blame each other of rape in a hotel room 2016 Range Rover Discovery Sport Startech Exterior Interior Walk around 2016 Geneva Motor Show Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved. SECTIONS Home Markets Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story
Subscribers Home Were You Seen? Traffic Weather School Closings Events Calendar Calendar: Add Event Obituaries Puzzles Palace Buy Photos & More Help & Contact Us Site Index Subscriber Services Archives (1986-Present) Tilikum, orca that killed trainer, dies at SeaWorld Orlando Will Trump's promised wall become taxpayer-funded fence? The Latest: Trump laments Florida airport shooting Shaker grad now in the protein business News Breaking News Local Capitol Confidential State & Capitol U.S. & World Opinion Your Town Obituaries Newsletters School Closings All Stories New guidelines issued for allergies Around NY Centuries of history on the move United Group eyes settlement with fund investor Sports HS Sports Sidelines Siena UAlbany Hockey MLB NFL NBA Golf Auto Racing Columnists All Stories Maroon makes Bruins see red Nets hardly kings of road Noteworthy UConn continues to roll Business The Buzz Blog Women@Work Technology News Salary Wizard Press Releases Sponsored Content Mortgage Rates Business Directory All Stories Shaker grad now in the protein business Colonie Center marks 50th anniversary Saturday The big thing in TV sets this year is ... big TV sets Developer told Glenmont apartment complex doesn't fit Entertainment Events Calendar Seen Photos Viral Videos Movies & TV Table Hopping Restaurants Local Arts Puzzles Palace Best of 2016 Your Horoscope Comics All Stories Good things to do for the week ahead Arts Talk: News in brief Movie Guide: Capsule reviews of current films Movie Talk Living 518Life Women@Work Table Hopping Celebrations House of the Week Puzzles Palace High School Parenting Health Find a Doctor Savings Source Sponsored Content All Stories Sipping: Wine pick of the week Second Helpings: Mini restaurant reviews Today's Birthdays Sandwiching in deli's last day Blogs All Blogs Kristi Barlette Capitol Confidential Local Politics Table Hopping Shopportunist Arts Talk Movies The Buzz: Business Hot Topics Parent to Parent Capital Region Gives New World restaurants switch to local, clean frying oil Free College Education – Good or Bad? This week on ‘NYN’: SOS speeches, past and future Hoylman asks transparency committee for opinion on Senate’s TU Plus Exclusive Local & State Business & Tech Arts & Lifestyle Sports & Recreation Opinion Women@Work 518Life Restaurant Reviews Best of 2016 tu+ FAQ Subscribe/Activate tu+ Rex Smith: Ring again, clarion call to freedoms Letter: Even at 90, Bennett is a role model to performers Forecasting home design trends in 2017 Proctors-bound 'Something Rotten!' sends up stage tropes Jobs Jobs Weekly Job Fair Place an Ad Salary Wizard Careers Blog Business Blog Jobs at the TU Walt Robb, Steve Lobel appearing at BizLab on Nov. 16 GlobalFoundries plans ‘multi-billion’ Fab 8 upgrade Momentive workers mull strike after rejecting ‘final Signs of change in downtown Troy Homes For Sale For Rent Open Houses New Homes Land & Farms Commercial Services Auctions Mortgage Rates Home Style House of the Week Places & Spaces Blog Forecasting home design trends in 2017 'Vampire Slayer' stars find some new blood High & Low House of the Week: Colonial in Brunswick Cars Search New Cars Vehicle Reviews Dealer Pre-Owned Cars Classic Cars Blog Private Pre-Owned Cars The Bike Blog Photos: Million-dollar cars for auction Car Show Photos: N.Y. Power Authority Blenheim Gilboa Car Show The Raleigh Classic – Auction Highlights – June 2015 Future Collectibles: 2015 Dodge Charger SRT Hellcat Classifieds Search Classifieds Place Classified Ad Coupons & Deals Legal Notices Business Directory Place a Legal Notice Realtor Ads Shopportunist Blog Auto Dealer Ads How to Advertise Job Listings Couponing 101: Tips to help you get started on the path to saving Save on skiing/snowboarding with these tips and discount lift The best websites for free printable coupons Best things to buy in January MenuSections http://www.timesunion.com/7dayarchive/article/Sheriff-investigating-Voorheesville-house-fire-as-10797806.php Sheriff investigating Voorheesville house fire as 'suspicious' Emily Masters Updated 8:52 am, Thursday, December 15, 2016 Photo: Skip Dickstein / Times Union Image 1of/6 Caption Close Image 1 of 6 Buy photo Sheriff Craig Apple said the fire that consumed this home on Nancy Lane in Voorheesville early Thursday morning may have been deliberately set. The building was vacant, Apple said. (Skip Dickstein / Times Union) less Sheriff Craig Apple said the fire that consumed this home on Nancy Lane in Voorheesville early Thursday morning may have been deliberately set. The building was vacant, Apple said. (Skip Dickstein / Times ... more Photo: Skip Dickstein / Times Union Buy this photo Image 2 of 6 Buy photo Sheriff Craig Apple said the fire that consumed this home on Nancy Lane in Voorheesville early Thursday morning may have been deliberately set. The building was vacant, Apple said. (Skip Dickstein / Times Union) less Sheriff Craig Apple said the fire that consumed this home on Nancy Lane in Voorheesville early Thursday morning may have been deliberately set. The building was vacant, Apple said. (Skip Dickstein / Times ... more Photo: Skip Dickstein / Times Union Buy this photo Image 3 of 6 Buy photo Sheriff Craig Apple said the fire that consumed this home on Nancy Lane in Voorheesville early Thursday morning may have been deliberately set. The building was vacant, Apple said. (Skip Dickstein / Times Union) less Sheriff Craig Apple said the fire that consumed this home on Nancy Lane in Voorheesville early Thursday morning may have been deliberately set. The building was vacant, Apple said. (Skip Dickstein / Times ... more Photo: Skip Dickstein / Times Union Buy this photo Image 4 of 6 Sheriff Craig Apple said the fire that consumed this home on Nancy Lane in Voorheesville early Thursday morning may have been deliberately set. The building was vacant, Apple said. (Skip Dickstein / Times Union) less Sheriff Craig Apple said the fire that consumed this home on Nancy Lane in Voorheesville early Thursday morning may have been deliberately set. The building was vacant, Apple said. (Skip Dickstein / Times ... more Photo: Skip Dickstein / Times Union Image 5 of 6 Sheriff Craig Apple said the fire that consumed this home on Nancy Lane in Voorheesville early Thursday morning may have been deliberately set. The building was vacant, Apple said. (Skip Dickstein / Times Union) less Sheriff Craig Apple said the fire that consumed this home on Nancy Lane in Voorheesville early Thursday morning may have been deliberately set. The building was vacant, Apple said. (Skip Dickstein / Times ... more Photo: Skip Dickstein / Times Union Image 6 of 6 Sheriff Craig Apple said the fire that consumed this home on Nancy Lane in Voorheesville early Thursday morning may have been deliberately set. The building was vacant, Apple said. (Skip Dickstein / Times Union) less Sheriff Craig Apple said the fire that consumed this home on Nancy Lane in Voorheesville early Thursday morning may have been deliberately set. The building was vacant, Apple said. (Skip Dickstein / Times ... more Photo: Skip Dickstein / Times Union Sheriff investigating Voorheesville house fire as 'suspicious' 1 / 6 Back to Gallery VOORHEESVILLE -- After a fire engulfed a vacant Nancy Lane home early Thursday morning, Albany County Sheriff Craig Apple said his deputies are investigating the blaze as "suspicious." Apple said he couldn't discuss exactly why investigators are dubious about the fire's cause but said suspicion first arose from "information that was relayed by initial responders." The 911 call came in at about 4:30 a.m., Apple said. "The fire chief lives in the neighborhood, so he was there very quick. One of my cars was there almost immediately as well and said the fire was spreading rapidly," Apple said. The fire destroyed the home at 2 Nancy Lane, which is apparently vacant, Apple said. Crews from Voorheesville, Guilderland Center and North Bethlehem stations fought the blaze. "It's dangerous enough for the firefighters to fight the blaze but this weather makes it much worse," Apple said, referring to Thursday morning's frigid temperatures. The National Weather Service reported an arctic air mass will cause "bitterly cold wind chills today and tonight."   Today's Deals Powered by SHOP NOW SanDisk 64GB UHS-I Class 10 microSDXC Card for $15 + pickup at... WalmartPosted 13 hr 30 min ago SHOP NOW Ashford New Year's Clearance Sale: Up to 87% off + 20% off +... AshfordPosted 18 hr 55 min ago SHOP NOW Home Improvement Clearance at Walmart for $89 WalmartPosted 10 hr 20 min ago SHOP NOW Online Technology Courses at Udemy for free UdemyPosted 7 hr 21 min ago News Videos Most Popular 1 US veteran arrested in airport shooting; 5 dead, 8 wounded 2 Family escapes as fire consumes Clifton Park home 3 Ranking Capital Region high schools with the best teachers 4 A heroin story, full of heartache; Jimmy Galante OD's at 26 5 House of the Week: Colonial in Brunswick 6 Report: 3 kids watched movie as parents lay dead outside SUV 7 Colonie Center marks 50th anniversary Saturday View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Contact Us Our Company Jobs at the TU Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Content Blogs Weather School Closings Events Calendar Weddings/Celebrations Births Obituaries Online Store Puzzles Palace Connect Newsletters Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram Subscribe Subscriber Services Home Delivery Become a Carrier iPad app Times Union Plus Copyright and Reprint eEdition Hearst Newspapers © Copyright The Hearst Corporation
DT Digital Trends DT Digital Trends Product Reviews Phones TVs Laptops Cars Games Tablets Headphones Cameras Desktops Speakers Appliances Wearables More Reviews News Mobile Computing Home Theater Gaming Cars Photography Home Movies & TV Music Wearables Cool Tech Health & Fitness Outdoors Business More News Features DT10 Now Boarding Road Rave The Audiophile Weekly Rewind Awesome Tech Weekend Workshop Trends with Benefits More Features Douglas Rushkoff David Weinberger More Opinions Videos Deals Shop Giveaways Best Of Everything DT Español The Manual More Advertise About Us Contact Us Corrections Privacy Policy Terms of Use Careers Send Us Your News Tip DT Español The Manual Best Smartphones and Cell Phones Best TVs Best Headphones Best Cameras Best Laptops Best Desktop PCs Best Tablets Best Cars RSS DT Newsletter Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Instagram Pinterest YouTube Home > Movies & TV > Apple TV debuts new app with more access to other… Apple TV debuts new app with more access to other channels, save for a few By Ed Oswald — December 14, 2016 3:06 PM Subscribe Share Don't Fall Behind Stay current with a recap of today's Tech News from Digital Trends Apple’s been busy making the Apple TV — and streaming video — less of a “hobby” and more of a legitimate product, so there has been a good deal of work behind the scenes to build it up in recent months. One part is the addition of more partners to its universal search app and the other debut of the new TV app in iOS 10.2. Universal search is one of the most notable new features of the fourth-generation Apple TV, which now supports more than 50 content partners in the United States. The feature allows Apple TV owners to search for content within the user interface without having to open the particular app, or even have it installed. More: Apple’s new TV app Recent additions include Apple Music, Animal Planet, Discovery, TBS, and TNT, joining nearly four dozen others that have debuted over the past year. Now with the new TV app, this functionality is also headed to the iPhone and iPad as well. In theory, this is supposed to finally answer the mess caused by dozens of apps all operating separately from one another and sometimes not having the content a competitor has. Well, not so fast. Universal search notably counts Netflix and Amazon Video as two major providers that do not offer support and its single sign-on functionality to access live video channels is limited, meaning you will have to sign in to watch videos still in many cases — or experience problems trying to connect apps, like Hulu, that support the new TV app like we did in our own tests. That is disappointing because its experience is nowhere near as seamless as Apple’s demonstrations in October seemed to suggest. It’s also unclear why either Netflix or Amazon Video are holding out from universal search, although the latter could have to do with Amazon’s own streaming video platforms in the Fire. Apple could be biding its time to release a streaming video service of its own — it has often been rumored to be as such. Either way, while Apple TV owners will find universal search all the more useful and iPad and iPhone owners will gain some important functionality previously only found on the Apple TV. But it certainly feels like it is missing a bit. Also watch: Share
DT Digital Trends DT Digital Trends Product Reviews Phones TVs Laptops Cars Games Tablets Headphones Cameras Desktops Speakers Appliances Wearables More Reviews News Mobile Computing Home Theater Gaming Cars Photography Home Movies & TV Music Wearables Cool Tech Health & Fitness Outdoors Business More News Features DT10 Now Boarding Road Rave The Audiophile Weekly Rewind Awesome Tech Weekend Workshop Trends with Benefits More Features Douglas Rushkoff David Weinberger More Opinions Videos Deals Shop Giveaways Best Of Everything DT Español The Manual More Advertise About Us Contact Us Corrections Privacy Policy Terms of Use Careers Send Us Your News Tip DT Español The Manual Best Smartphones and Cell Phones Best TVs Best Headphones Best Cameras Best Laptops Best Desktop PCs Best Tablets Best Cars RSS DT Newsletter Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Instagram Pinterest YouTube Home > Business > Trump meets tech industry leaders, with one… Trump meets tech industry leaders, with one notable absence By Saqib Shah — December 14, 2016 5:06 PM Subscribe Share Gage Skidmore/Flickr Don't Fall Behind Stay current with a recap of today's Tech News from Digital Trends Tech industry executives from companies including Apple, Facebook, and Amazon descended upon Trump Tower in Manhattan on Wednesday to meet with President-elect Donald Trump. But there was one notable web giant that didn’t receive an RSVP: namely, Twitter. The highly publicized gathering was viewed by some as an olive branch from Trump to the firms he’d targeted during the election season. Among those in attendance were SpaceX CEO Elon Musk, Eric Schmidt (executive chairman of Google parent Alphabet), Alphabet CEO Larry Page, Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos, Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg, Apple CEO Tim Cook, and PayPal founder (and member of Trump’s transition team) Peter Thiel. The President-elect began the meeting with words of praise for the group: “There’s nobody like the people in this room,” said Trump, who was joined at the meeting by his sons Eric and Donald Jr., his daughter Ivanka, and son-in law Jared Kushner. He continued: “And anything we can do to help this go along, we’re going to be there for you.” More: Apple is looking into USA manufacturing, and Trump wants to make it happen  The comments mark a shift from the rhetoric used by Trump during his election campaign, when he’d made allegations of tax-dodging against Bezos over his ownership of The Washington Post, and threatened to boycott Apple for outsourcing jobs. Now, with the election now firmly behind him, Trump is free to take on the pragmatic task of discussing governance issues. To that extent, the two-hour meeting saw the president-elect tackle a number of topics with his attendees, including creating jobs in the United States, building infrastructure, immigration, and cybersecurity, among others. Trump also touched upon two of his policies that have been embraced by Silicon Valley: tax and regulatory reform. Trump has previously pledged to drop the corporate tax rate to 15 percent from 35 percent. Additionally, his anti-regulatory policies could prove a boon for startups. “We’re going to make it a lot easier for you to trade across borders,” said Trump. Earlier in the day, when the members of the group had entered Trump towers, they’d refrained from talking with the press. A number of those seated around the same table as Trump had previously returned his barbs, with Musk claiming before the election that “he is probably not the right guy” for the White House, and Sandberg’s boss Mark Zuckerberg chiding his remarks on immigration. Any skepticism the executives may have had going into the meeting was likely assuaged by Trump’s reassuring words regarding his commitment to building partnerships. With Vice President-elect Mike Pence seated alongside him, Trump told the group his administration “is going to be here for you. You’ll call my people, you’ll call me. We have no formal chain of command around here.” It was later announced that Musk and and Uber CEO Travis Kalanick were being added to Trump’s Strategic and Policy Forum. Musk is also set to hold a separate meeting with Trump, as is Apple boss Cook. Trump’s selection for White House chief of staff, Reince Priebus, described the tech summit as “productive,” in a tweet. Today&#39;s tech summit included productive discussions about job creation &amp; economic growth. We&#39;re on track to make America first again pic.twitter.com/tFU3ObcB0i &mdash; Reince Priebus (@Reince) December 14, 2016 Notably absent from the event was the company behind the service Priebus employed to communicate his message: Twitter. Arguably Trump’s favorite social platform, Twitter was reportedly “bounced” from the meeting due to its rejection of a Trump campaign emoji entitled #CrookedHillary, according to an anonymous source that spoke to Politico. The incident had previously been detailed in a Medium post by Gary Coby, Trump’s director of digital advertising and fundraising. In the article, Coby claimed that Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey directly intervened to block the emoji — which was part of a larger $5 million sponsorship deal — that depicted an animated Clinton with small bags of money. Republican National Committee spokesman (and fellow Trump advisor) Sean Spicer allegedly made the call to block Dorsey and other Twitter execs from attending the meeting. The company has yet to comment on the issue. Also watch: Share
NEWS l l CHANNELS GamesBeat AR/VR Big Data Bots Business Cloud Dev Enterprise Entrepreneur Esports Marketing Media Mobile PC Gaming Security Social Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Multimedia Advertise EVENTS l l VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Speaker Media Partner Volunteer Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Multimedia Advertise RESEARCH l l CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Mobile Gaming Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Multimedia Advertise Go! ‹ NEWS › CHANNELS GamesBeat Entrepreneur AR/VR Esports Big Data Marketing Bots Media Business Mobile Cloud PC Gaming Dev Security Enterprise Social ‹ EVENTS › VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Media Partner Speaker Volunteer ‹ RESEARCH › CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Gaming Mobile Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription ‹ VENTUREBEAT › About Advertise Careers Contact Multimedia Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Follow us on social: BUSINESS Patent applications show Apple lags badly in AI, while Google rules in cars Dean Takahashi@deantak December 15, 2016 4:00 AM Tags: ai, Amazon, Apple, cb insights, Facebook, Google, Microsoft, patents, self-driving cars, top-stories Above: Microsoft filed the most patent applications in the years from 2009 to 2016. Image Credit: CB Insights The five biggest tech companies have applied for more than 52,000 patents since 2009, according to a report by CB Insights. And the applications tell a story about where each of the tech giants is strong and where they’re weak. For instance, the patent applications show that Apple lags badly in artificial intelligence, one of the fastest-growing segments in tech. Microsoft leads AI with more than 200 patent applications since 2009, and Google comes in second with 150. Apple came in last among the top five. Google, meanwhile, is No. 1 in vehicle patents, a sign of its interest in self-driving cars. Apple is No. 2 in that category, and Amazon is No. 3. Microsoft has a sizable lead over the other big tech companies in augmented reality and virtual reality patent applications, given its interest in its HoloLens AR headset. Above: CB Insights tracks the patent activity of the biggest tech companies. Image Credit: CB Insights Microsoft has filed for the most patents among the five tech giants. Between 2009 and 2016 year-to-date, Microsoft applied for over 16,500 patents, about 2,000 more than Google, which was in second place. Apple was in third and Amazon a distant fourth. Facebook lags way behind the other four in patent filing activity. Among its filings were patents related to the automation of flagging and removal of objectionable content, dating back to 2015. Google’s recent patents show it is moving into autonomous vehicle tech and wearables, according to the report. One notable Apple patent is in autonomous vehicle tech, pertaining to “collision avoidance of arbitrary polygonal obstacles.” This shows the Cupertino, Calif.-based company is still very active in autonomous driving software even if, as reported, it will not manufacture an actual car, the report said. Amazon’s recent patents show it moving away from consumer devices like ebook readers and tablets and toward drones and cybersecurity. Amazon also received a patent this month for devices that can identify people according to their blood flow and heart rate. It uses a camera device that may monitor blood flow to an individual’s face. This tech is interesting in light of Amazon’s Go store concept that will need to identify individuals in-store in order to eliminate checkout lanes and cash registers, CB Insights said. ABOUT CONTACT CAREERS ADVERTISE Terms of Service Privacy Policy © 2017 VentureBeat. All rights reserved.
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « Fast Company Speculates that Apple is working with Dialog Semi and Energous on a Long-Range Wireless Charging Solution | Main | Apple Patent Reveals Apple Pencil Working with the iPhone and on a Wider Range of Applications » December 15, 2016 Apple Filed another Update to their Video Headset back in August Describing Two Viewing Modes for iPhone   Today the US Patent & Trademark Office published a patent application from Apple that reveals yet another advancement to Apple's future video headset. Patently Apple posted a patent report with an update to the headset last month that was originally filed in July of this year. Today it's revealed that in August Apple filed this update that focuses on the iPhone have two viewing modes, one specifically for the headset.   New Claim #1: A cellular telephone comprising: a speaker; a button; a camera; a connector; and a display, wherein the display is configured to operate in one of a normal viewing mode and a close up viewing mode and wherein the display is configured to operate in the close up viewing mode when the cellular telephone is connected to a head-mounted device.   Claim #1 on November 10: An apparatus operable with a removable cellular telephone comprising: a head-mounted frame that is configured to support the removable cellular telephone; and first and second lenses coupled to the head-mounted frame through which the removable cellular telephone is viewable when the removable cellular telephone is supported by the head-mounted frame.   In effect all of the patent claims have been updated or added in this patent application. This time Apple places emphasis on the changing iPhone display viewing style. Below are the additional patent claims that support this new emphasis:   Claim #6: A portable electronic device comprising: a speaker; a button; a camera; a connector; and a display, wherein the display is configured to operate in one of a first display mode and a second display mode, wherein the display presents images in a first format in the first display mode, wherein the display presents images in a second format that is different from the first format in the second display mode, and wherein the display is configured to divide an image frame into a left image frame and a right image frame while operating in the second display mode.   Claim #8: The portable electronic device defined in claim 7, wherein the first display mode is a normal display mode, and wherein the second display mode is a close up display mode.   Claim #10: The portable electronic device defined in claim 9, wherein the display operates in the second display mode when it is detected that the portable electronic device is being used for close up viewing.   Claim #11: A method of operating a cellular telephone that is configured to be coupled to a head-mounted device, the method comprising: presenting images according to a first format in a normal viewing mode; detecting that the portable electronic device is coupled to the head-mounted device; and in response to detecting that the portable electronic device is coupled to the head-mounted device, presenting images according to a second format that is different than the first format.   Claim #12: The method defined in claim 11, wherein presenting images according to the first format comprises presenting images with a first resolution.   Claim #13: The method defined in claim 12, wherein presenting images according to the second format comprises presenting images with a second resolution that is different than the first resolution.   Claim #14: The method defined in claim 11, wherein presenting images according to the second format comprises receiving an image frame and dividing the image frame into a first image frame and a second image frame.   Claim #15: The method defined in claim 14, wherein presenting images according to the second format comprises presenting images according to the second format using a display in the cellular telephone.   Claim #16: The method defined in claim 15, wherein presenting images according to the second format using the display comprises directing the first image frame to a first portion of the display and directing the second image frame to a second portion of the display.   Claim #17: The method defined in claim 16, wherein the first image frame is a left image frame and wherein the second image frame is a left image frame.   Apple patent application 20160365064 was only filed this past August to show their ongoing work on this project. Two major updates in two months is quite aggressive. Considering that this is a patent application, the timing of such a product to market is unknown at this time.   Patently Apple presents a detailed summary of patent applications with associated graphics for journalistic news purposes as each such patent application is revealed by the U.S. Patent & Trade Office. Readers are cautioned that the full text of any patent application should be read in its entirety for full and accurate details. About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.   Posted by Jack Purcher on December 15, 2016 at 04:28 AM in 1. Patent Applications, Accessories, Apple Watch + Other Wearables, Augmented Reality | Permalink Comments The comments to this entry are closed. Search Recent Posts Huawei Begins their Big Squeeze on Samsung in the U.S. Today Canadian Competition Bureau Closes its Investigation into Apple Conducting Anti-Competitive Practices Patent Troll GPNE continues to Fight Apple in China over Infringing Patents related to Cellular technologies We weep to learn that Super Millionaire Tim Cook won't make as many Millions as last year Apple's Virtual Click Wheel Prototype feature for iOS may have been discovered Apple Reportedly Shifting to IGZO TFT-LCD Panels for MacBook Pro Sometime in 2017 While Samsung's Mobile Division Nose Dived this Quarter, other Components gave Samsung a Solid Winning Quarter Apple confirms our Report that the first Flagship Apple Store in South Korea will open later this year Ireland's Sinn Féin Accuses Apple's CEO of being Disrespectful to the Irish People for not attending a Key Hearing Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports 6. Patently Xtra News 7. Snap News 8. Apple-IBM MobileFirst 9. Apple Events & Financial Related Accessories Apple & Market Statistics Apple - Macs Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple iTunes / Apple Music Apple Pay, iWallet, NFC Related Apple Pencil - Smart Pen Apple Store Apple Watch + Other Wearables AppleTV Related Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible, Foldable Facial Recognition & 3D Related Future Interfaces Green Technology Haptics & Tactile iBeacon News + Inductive, Wireless Charging Liquid Metal Location Related, Indoor Mapping Maps Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Reports Projection Related Security Related Smart Bezels + Social Networking Software + OS Solar Energy Sports Related Travel Related Vehicle Related Videos Videos (Reports with) See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
//><!-- (function(){var e=['header','nav','section','article','aside','footer','hgroup'];for(var i=0;i<e.length;i++)document.createElement(e[i]);}()); //--><! Skip to main content area Main menu HR Payroll Recruitment Timesheeting Training Marketing Email Marketing SEO Social Media Content Management E-commerce Finance Accounting Budgeting Compliance Invoicing Risk Management Sales & CRM Business Plan Presentation CRM Live Chat Contact Centre Collaboration Document Management Email Project Management Webinar Workflow Productivity Leadership Cloud Essentials Risks SLAs Business Intelligence More IT & Infrastructure Operations Search Search Secondary menu News Reviews Features Case Studies Insight Newsletter Innovation at work Panel UK Cloud Awards Whitepapers Sections Home » Leadership » How to access free US iPad and iPhone apps in the UK How to access free US iPad and iPhone apps in the UK Adam Shepherd Tutorials 15 Dec, 2016 facebook twitter google+ Want to download apps from the US version of Apple's App Store? Read on... Apple's localisation policy makes some of the more specialised and uncommon apps exclusive to users accessing the US store. This means that while the App store has a great selection of iPhone and iPad apps for its users in the US, UK customers don't always have access to all of these.  There are ways to get around this and have full access to US apps, but it's not always as simple as accessing something such as Netflix in the US. The App Store is far too clever for DNS spoofing, so to access US-specific content you need to set up an entirely new account. This will only work for free apps, but there is another way to download priced ones too.  Sign out Before you create your new bogus US Apple ID, you'll need to sign out of your legitimate UK one. If you're unsure how to do that, you should be able to find the option in the settings menu in iOS (or iTunes/App Store if you're using a PC). Switch countries Once you've signed out of your UK account, scroll down to the bottom of the page and hit the flag icon to change to the US region.  For the purposes of this tutorial, we're switching our location to the US, but you can switch to any region provided they have the apps you're looking for. Set up account Once you've selected the US as your location, go to 'create an account' and start the process of setting up a new Apple ID. Fill out all the fields the same as you normally would, although make sure to use a different email address than the one you use with your legitimate App Store account. Entering billing details Once you get to the billing information field, however, you'll need to get creative. When it asks for a payment method, there should be an option to select 'none', but you will have to provide a billing address. If you're outside the US, you can enter a random existing address which you can find here. Be warned, however - providing a fake address to access the App Store is against Apple's terms of service, and may even be illegal where you live, so be sure to check that you're not breaking any laws before proceeding. Finalise the account Once you've set this up, finalise the account details, and verify your new account via the confirmation email sent by Apple. You'll now be able to sign in to the US App Store and download as many free apps as you want. Paying for apps Of course, without a legitimate US-based payment method, you'll be unable to buy any of the paid apps. Unfortunately, the only way around this is to purchase a US iTunes gift card and add the balance to your account. The gift cards will have to be US-specific, and can be picked up on eBay. Read more about: Apple App Store Leadership consumer Apple app View the discussion thread. Featured Whitepapers Popular Music streaming grows 68% in 2016 Public Cloud Sandboxed Tor browser released in alpha Leadership Box plays down potential data leak IT & infrastructure Dropbox joins forces with Intel to provide enhanced security Collaboration Red Hat releases CloudForms 4.2 Hybrid Cloud Featured content Box Q&A: New Europe chief talks Brexit and sharing data In-depth How Everbridge saved South Western Ambulance Service £80,000 Case Studies Citrix Podio review Reviews Only 13% of UK workers trust the US for storing data News How to turn your old laptop into a Chromebook for free Tutorials Contact us Dennis Publishing Editorial Offices 30 Cleveland Street London, W1T 4JD T: +44 (0)20 7907 6000 Connect with us Linkedin Twitter Facebook Useful links HR Marketing Finance Sales & CRM Collaboration Leadership Business Intelligence More Contact us About us Company Website Feeds Privacy Notice Authors Sitemap Our Websites Auto Express Evo IT Pro Coach Micro Mart Alphr Know Your Mobile Classic & Performance Car Expert Reviews Channel Pro Digital SLR Photography Den of Geek The Week Computer Shopper Magazines Health & Fitness CarBuyer Cloud Pro MagBooks Cyclist © Copyright Dennis Publishing Limited. Cloud Pro is a trademark of Felix Dennis. Jobs Media Information Subscription Enquires Books Apps Your Online Choices
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming CES 2017 Blu-ray Players DVRs and Media players Gadgets Headphones Portable Audio Projectors More Surround Sound Systems TVs Trending: CES 2017 Apple Watch 2 iPhone 7 Galaxy S7 vs iPhone 6S Google Pixel Galaxy S7 Home / News / Gadget News / Watch: Apple’s awkward promo video for £169 book, starring Jony Ive Watch: Apple’s awkward promo video for £169 book, starring Jony Ive by Sean Keach 15 December 2016 0 shares Read Comments It seems that the ludicrously priced coffee table book Apple released last month wasn’t sufficiently self-gratifying. So now there’s an equally cringe-worth promo video to go with it. When Apple unveiled its £169 ‘Designed by Apple in California' book, we were horrified. But we found comfort in the fact that surely no one with any degree of common sense would buy it. Unfortunately, Apple seems convinced that it’s onto a winner here, and has rolled out Chief of Design Jony Ive to sing the book’s praises – which are in short supply. In a new video titled ‘Apple – Designed by Apple in California’, Ive waxes lyrical about the book, ‘Designed by Apple in California’, describing how he designs things at Apple…in California. Now we’ll admit that our first assumption was that he’d mostly be talking a load of wishy-washy nonsense. But he actually talks about some really interesting stuff, including “the importance of listening” and how “ideas are extremely fragile”. Our favourite of Ive’s insights is as follows: “Ideas are not predictable in terms of when you’ll have them, and how many you’re going to have.” Design students, take note: that’s the sort of wisdom that’ll net you a personal fortune of $130 million. And just think of how many expensive Apple picture books you could buy then. Check it out: If you missed the original book reveal, here’s a recap: ‘Designed by Apple in California’ is a book that contains a series of photographs of Apple products between the iMac (1998) and the Apple Pencil (2015). There are 450 photographs of past and current Apple products included in total, which was, at the time, described by Ive to be a “gentle gathering” of devices – whatever that means. It all sounded lovely; a heartwarming trip down memory lane, hand-in-hand with Apple’s lovable British design chief. But the kicker was the price, with the ‘Small’ version starting at £169 ($199), and the ‘Large’ version costing an incredible £249 ($299). If you’ve taken leave of your senses, you can still get the Apple book in time for Christmas by purchasing online – deliveries are free, and expected to arrive on Monday, December 19 if you order today. Related: iPhone 8 Watch: iPhone 7 vs Google Pixel What do you think of Apple's £169 book? Let us know in the comments. Latest Deals From Ebay Brand NEW Sealed Apple iPhone 7 Plus + 128GB Black Unlocked GSM/CDMA $949.95 View Item Affinity Series Soft Shockproof TPU Bumper Case For iPhone 7 Plus / iPhone 7 $9.45 View Item NEW Sealed Apple iPhone 7 Plus + 256GB Jet Black, Silver Rose, Gold Unlocked GSM $1,149.95 View Item 0 shares Read Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2017, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
Explaining the technology behind modern communications | iTunes Podcast   Home Blog Classroom 101 200 300 Ask the Engineer Podcasts About Contact Home Blog Classroom 101 200 300 Ask the Engineer Podcasts About Contact Home Blog Trump Meets Tech Leaders Trump Meets Tech Leaders Richard Bennett Like  December 15, 2016 0 President-elect Trump’s meeting with tech leaders made the news, but nobody had any details. The press pool was admitted for opening remarks and photos but quickly ushered out. Attendees included Apple CEO Tim Cook, Alphabet CEO Larry Page and chairman Eric Scmidt, , Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella, Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos, Tesla CEO Elon Musk, IBM CEO Ginni Rometty Intel CEO Brian Krzanich, and Facebook board member Peter Thiel, among others. Also present were the Mike Pence, the Trump children, and Wilbur Ross. The meeting lasted two hours and was off the record. Details are Scarce This quote from the New York Times is about all we know of the meeting: “This is a truly amazing group of people,” the president-elect said on Wednesday in a 25th-floor conference room at Trump Tower in Manhattan. The gathering included Jeff Bezos of Amazon; Elon Musk of Tesla; Timothy D. Cook of Apple; Sheryl Sandberg of Facebook; Larry Page and Eric Schmidt of Alphabet, Google’s parent company; and Satya Nadella of Microsoft, among others. “I’m here to help you folks do well,” Mr. Trump said. Probably, the two hour long discussion concerned issues like trade, repatriation of overseas assets, the H1B visa program, cybersecurity, and job creation. Business leaders at the CEO level are not necessarily as involved in their day-to-day details as they might be, so the knowledge gap between the invitees and the president-elect may not be as vast as some of us probably believe. My overall impression – which is just a guess – is that the incoming president realizes that tech has a lot to do with job creation and investment, so he wants the industry on his side. There were indications that he told the Silicon Valley crowd to call him any time. That sort of thing just invites lobbying, but it’s clearly a show of respect. A Broader Circle But the meeting suggests that Trump doesn’t want to repeat one of the mistakes his predecessor made. The Obama administration is very fond of tech and would have liked to leave a legacy of consistent support for innovation. This was not to be because this administration confined its tech interactions to a very small circle. This was most evident in the development of the PCAST (President’s Council of Advisors on Science and Technology) report on spectrum sharing. The report offered a brand-new paradigm of sharing spectrum between government, commerce, and personal uses, but failed to develop its recommendations at a level of detail that enables practical implementation. The shortcomings in the PCAST report are widely acknowledged to flow from the fact that Google CEO Eric Schmidt directed its content. Schmidt’s a bright man, but he’s not a spectrum maven. And Google’s ideas about spectrum are not reflective of any larger public interest or in sync with spectrum engineering. He doesn’t appreciate the value of flexible use licenses, for example. There are literally hundreds of former Googlers in federal jobs right now, but very few people from other Silicon Valley companies. This scenario leads to capture, but with any luck it won’t be the norm during the next administration. Top Issues for the New Administration Most tech leaders will probably agree that access to resources, the freedom to innovate, and access to markets are their top issues. Resources includes talent, capital, and vital inputs such as spectrum and hardware. Access to markets includes both domestic and foreign as well as both commercial and government sectors. The freedom to innovate probably has the most fluid definition. While Google regards creative works and spectrum as common pool inputs that it should be able to get for free, creative industries and network services providers prefer to be paid for their work. All companies want low cost inputs and costly outputs, but most are realistic enough to see that this ideal isn’t scalable. Instead of tech policy that enables only Google, Netflix, and Facebook to do well, we need one that enables the entire sector to succeed. One way to do this to have a define a loose national tech policy that simply emphasizes putting  more technology in more places. While this sounds like “tech for its own sake”, that’s not really a bad thing. Proliferation Makes Tech Better The Internet of Things is, after all, simply embedding information technology in everyday objects. There’s very little benefit in many IoT devices today; a light switch controlled by Amazon Echo isn’t that much better than its (lower cost) manual predecessor. But as more devices get smarter, the benefits are easier to see: we save money by not illuminating empty rooms, dark rooms light up even when our hands are free or dirty, light levels reflect ambient light and mood, heating and cooling systems adapt to occupancy, and safety and security systems summon help when it’s needed. When we’re on vacation, our houses can be made to look like they’re occupied if burglars need to be discouraged. The best thing about proliferation as a goal is that it stimulates employment in a way that other goals – such as increasing efficiency – may not. The current bubble in mobile apps has been bad for employment because it doesn’t have the hardware gizmo aspect that previous bubbles have had. So the gizmo industry is suffering and there’s more anger against tech than it’s used to. One the nice features of augmented reality is the focus on making people more productive rather than giving jobs to computers. Helping Tech Do Well The relationship of government and tech necessarily goes both ways. The government wants jobs, economic growth, and tax revenues. Tech wants low costs, high productivity, and high profits. On the face of it, these are not irreconcilable ambitions. I suspect this point was made several times in several ways during Trump’s meeting with the titans of tech. The fact that Trump – following the leadership of Peter Thiel – is currying favor with a larger circle of advisors and collaborators is a good sign. The Obama administration was captured by Google on spectrum policy, as noted. Google also strongly influenced the FCC’s decisions on net neutrality and set-top boxes, and left its strongest fingerprints on the privacy order, by far the most important thing the FCC did where Google’s financial interests as a advertiser were concerned. The circle needs to be even larger, however. None of the attendees at this meeting represents the communication part of the tech industry but Cisco. Gadgets, semiconductors, and software are nice, but tech is also about systems, content, and networks. There are supposed to be additional meetings, so we can only assume these meetings will include the other large players. For all the limitations, this was an excellent start to developing a more balanced tech policy than the one we’ve seen in recent years. For a different take see Recode; for a very different one, see The Register. UPDATE: Celebrity journalist Kara Swisher has some details, well worth reading.     Related Posts From High Tech Forum Integrating its Way to the Future: Apple WWDC Democratic Judges Uphold Misclassification of Internet as Telephone Service Landing Team Invades the Echo Chamber Previous Post Government Underreach and Overreach with Dave Farber Next Post Rural Broadband is the FCC's Top Priority Richard Bennett Editor, High Tech Forum Join the Discussion rykellim Bitcoins, a Crypto-Geek Ponzi Scheme This article got most of the facts about Bitcoin right in the beginning, but fails in the end when... 10/29/2016 Philip Cohen eBay: Car Service of the Future? Sorry, but I never miss an opportunity to criticise a commercial entity involved in criminal fraud... 8/21/2016 Richard Bennett eBay: Car Service of the Future? Your reaction is a bit literal. My point is that Uber and Lyft don't have the duopoly on putting... 8/21/2016 In The News Tags 3.5 GHz3DadvertisingarchitectureAR dramaattacksaugmented realitybroadbandBroadband MeasurementsBroadband SpeedCablecable TVclickbaitComm Act UpdateCommunications Actcommunications infrastructurecompetitionCongressCybersecuritydhsDirecTV NowDSLecho chamberEconomicsEisenachEngineeringfake newsfbiFCCFiberFTCfuturegigabit networkshackinghologramsHome BroadbandInterconnectionInternational ComparisonInternetInvestmentIoTIP TransitionJamisonlanding teamLicensed spectrumLiptonLTE-Umaking us stupidNet NeutralityNet Neutrality/Title IInetworkingNTIAOnline VideoPhysicsPiracypolicyPrivacyregulationRural BroadbandRUSsecurityskinny bundlesSpectrumspectrum sharingstreamingtechnologyTrumpTVUniversal Service Fund (USF)virtual surgeryWi-FiWireless Your Name (required) Your Email (required) Subject Your Message Enter Captcha: Subscribe for High Tech Updates! Never miss a post! Enter your email address to receive a biweekly newsletter of the latest HTF updates. Search for: Copyright 2017 by High Tech Forum. Home Contact Terms and Conditions
null
News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. Follow The Sun Your Sun Sign in Editions Scottish Sun Irish Sun The Sun The Scottish Sun The Irish Sun Dream Team Sun Bets Fabulous Sun Favourite Sun Motors Sun Bingo Sun Gifts News Corp WSJ.com New York Post The Australian News.com.au Storyful Harper Collins Realtor.com Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Commissioning Terms Help Hub The Sun, A News UK Company TOP London Set your weather Now 0°C 9pm 0°C Sign in UK Edition Scottish Sun Irish Sun Search Home Football Sport TV & Showbiz Living News Videos Sun Bingo Sun Bets All News All News UK News World News Politics Tech and science Opinion TRUMP’S TECH TITANS Donald Trump tells tech billionaires ‘you have to like me’ at historic meeting… but bans ‘too small’ Twitter for ‘refusing to make CROOKED HILLARY emoji’ The president-elect met with executives from Apple and Amazon at Trump Towers By Hannah Crouch 15th December 2016, 10:29 am Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments SOME of the brightest sparks in the American tech industry met with Donald Trump but Twitter was banned after it refused to make a ‘crooked’ Hilary Clinton emoji. Apple’s chief executive and Clinton supporter, Tim Cook and Amazon’s chief executive, Jeff Bezons were some of the attendees at Trump Towers in New York, just five weeks before Trump is due to be sworn in as President of the United States. Getty Images 6 President-elect Donald Trump met with Silicon Valley executives at Trump Towers in New York 6 The Trump campaign suggested this emoji to Twitter to accompany the #CrookedHilary hashtag but it was turned down – reports have suggested this is why the company was not at the meeting Footage from NBC news shows Trump calling the group ‘amazing’ and bragged about the stock market ‘bounce’ which followed his election which benefited the businesses in the room. President-elect Trump added: “So right now everybody in this room has to like be, at least a little bit. “But we’re going to try and have that bounce continue.” The Donald tells Silicon Valley's billionaires ‘you have to like me’ The most glaring absence however was Jack Dorsey, the CEO of Twitter, which Trump used to speak to his 17.3m followers extensively during his campaign. The company was "bounced" from the meeting after it refused to allow an emoji version of the hashtag #CrookedHilary, Politico has reported. However reason was that Trump's transitional team's offical reason was because "the conference table was only so big" and Twitter was "too small to invite". RELATED STORIES DON’S MY MAN! Bill Gates brands Donald Trump the new JFK and insists the next president WILL make America great again SHARP GUY Trump 'picks' climate change skeptic Ryan Zinke as secretary of interior who 'loves flaunting his knives' He's back! Kanye West returns to Twitter after Donald Trump meeting to hint at 2024 presidential run Trump gunman jailed Brit Michael Sandford who grabbed cop's gun in 'bid to assassinate' Donald Trump jailed TRUMP'S OFFICE Donald Trump nominates ExxonMobil CEO and Putin ally Rex Tillerson as Secretary of State Trump and Vice-president, Mick Pence, sat side-by-side in the middle of the table surrounded by CEOs including Satya Nadella from Microsoft, Larry Page from Alphabet, a parent company of Google, Tesla and SpaceX founder and CEO Elon Musk, Facebook's chief operating officer Sheryl Sandberg and Oracle CEO Safra Catz. Notably absent was Facebook's CEO, Mark Zukerberg. Getty Images 6 Trump told the group they have to 'like him' after his election caused a stock market 'bounce' Getty Images 6 Trump with his adviser Peter Thiel and Apple CEO Tim Cook who was one of the Silicon Valley leaders who attended the meeting Getty Images 6 The incoming White House Chief of Staff, Reince Priebus, listens in at the meeting Corbis 6 Absent from the meeting was Twitter CEO, Jack Dorsey (pictured) Trump's three eldest children, Don Jr, Ivanka and Eric also attended the meeting. The 70-year-old told the group: "I'm here to help you folks do well. "We want you to keep going with the incredible innovation. There's nobody like you in the world." He also promised "fair trade deals" and said he would make it "easier" for companies to trade "across borders". We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368   The Sun Topics Donald Trump Amazon Apple Business Emojis Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments Comments Most Read in News Exclusive NOT LOVIN' IT McDonald's customer complained after being served THIS disgusting milkshake only to be told by staff: 'It… News Latest TERROR AT THE TERMINAL Army reservist who shot dead five people at Florida airport 'had walked into an FBI office claiming… News WHAT THE TUT?! Scientists spooked as Egyptian relic in Kent museum that experts thought was a dead bird turns out to be… News Video BOY SOLDIER Adorable moment birthday boy in Guardsman uniform salutes marching soldiers at Windsor Castle… and their… News LEFT TO DIE Newborn baby boy found, alive, DUMPED in a rubbish bin in hospital toilets News SUPERMARKET SWEEP Mum and daughter arrested after only scanning cheapest items in basket at Asda self-service checkout News MUM'S TEARS FOR 'STUD BADBOY' Heartbroken mum of 'drug dealer' gunned down by cops on M62 sobs in anguish at mosque for his… News NUDE SNAP FURY Sky Sports presenter Diletta Leotta slams hackers who posted naked pictures online after hacking her iCloud News COMET 'AVE A GO Asteroid apocalypse emergency plans are drawn up... and it could be very bad news for the UK News TOO SEXY FOR SOCIAL MEDIA Reality star's Instagram shut down for pics she says site bosses found 'offensively' sexy News KILLED OVER A SHOE City worker killed ex-colleague with single punch after he threw his SHOE out of a taxi in a drunken prank News THE DEVIL'S DOUBLE Spooky snap of giant ‘winged demon’ goes viral with some users claiming it heralds start of the apocalypse News RUSSIAN TO WAR US sends special forces to Russian border as Nato is poised to strike back against Putin's 'aggression' News BANNED LORD Property tycoon bans single mums, battered wives, parents with kids under 18, single adults and even PLUMBERS… News Exclusive 'VICTIM' & Mr Big 'Stud Badboy' shot dead by cops on M62 posed for photo with drug kingpin pal - who is now serving 10 years News Most Popular Exclusive GEORGE DEATH PROBE Major crime cops to probe George Michael's death and quiz his lover over fears star was killed by drug… News Exclusive Hol Lotta Love Holly Willoughby's hit dating show Meet the Parents has won a new series after huge success of first show TV & Showbiz Exclusive foot the bill Snooty mum invoices friend for £325 after daughter, 3, returns from play-date with pen marks on shoes Living SINGLE MINDED Coleen Nolan takes her wedding ring OFF for Celebrity Big Brother after saying it was a 'trial separation' TV & Showbiz Exclusive GRIEZ YOUR PALM Man United offer Antoine Griezmann amazing £220,000-a-week deal to match pal Paul Pogba Football 'I'm going to smash your face in' Coleen Nolan snaps at Angie Best as sparks fly over Loose Women host's smoking habit TV & Showbiz Video CHASING A MILLION The Chase's Mark Labbett once competed on Who Wants To Be A Millionaire… but how much did he win? Living Exclusive BARGAIN BIN BIEBER Poundland NOT sorry for flogging Justin Bieber's Official Annual 2017 for a quid Living TOOL BELTER Celebrity Big Brother host Emma Willis looks unrecognisable as she poses in undies and builders gear TV & Showbiz Exclusive 'He filmed himself raping me' Mum, 21, suffered sick 'revenge rape' while she SLEPT by violent ex who threatened to post… Living IT'S ALL KICKING OFF Austin Armacost removed from CBB living room after furious bust-up with Heidi Montag TV & Showbiz Exclusive NOT LOVIN' IT McDonald's customer complained after being served THIS disgusting milkshake only to be told by staff: 'It… News Exclusive DOUBLE TROUBLE Jedward will make a surprise entrance to the Celebrity Big Brother house... TONIGHT TV & Showbiz LIFE-SAVING OP Baby boy has four litres of fluid removed from skull after it swelled to THREE TIMES the normal size Living GRAPPLE CORE Meet the female wrestlers who batter their male clients into submission at a padded North London fetish gym for… Living Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. You can change this and find out more by following this link Close Follow The Sun Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Commissioning Terms Help Hub ©News Group Newspapers Limited in England No. 679215 Registered office: 1 London Bridge Street, London, SE1 9GF. "The Sun", "Sun", "Sun Online" are registered trademarks or trade names of News Group Newspapers Limited. This service is provided on News Group Newspapers' Limited's Standard Terms and Conditions in accordance with our Privacy & Cookie Policy. To inquire about a licence to reproduce material, visit our Syndication site. View our online Press Pack. For other inquiries, Contact Us. To see all content on The Sun, please use the Site Map. The Sun website is regulated by the Independent Press Standards Organisation (IPSO) Our journalists strive for accuracy but on occasion we make mistakes. For further details of our complaints policy and to make a complaint please click here.
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « Samsung's Galaxy S8 to Introduce a Display Technology that Copies Apple's 'Integrated Touch' | Main | Apple Filed another Update to their Video Headset back in August Describing Two Viewing Modes for iPhone » December 15, 2016 Fast Company Speculates that Apple is working with Dialog Semi and Energous on a Long-Range Wireless Charging Solution   Since September there has been more evidence that Apple is stepping up their work on wireless charging for future iDevices than ever before. In September we posted a patent report showing that Apple was continuing their work on a charging station. Then in late October the rumor from Taiwan was that Foxconn got the green light from Apple to test wireless charging module for Apple's top 2017 iPhone models. In early November a report confirmed that Apple was switching to a glass iPhone embodiment for 2017 to accommodate wireless charging. Then late last month the rumor was that wireless charging would only be available on the smaller 2017 iPhone and that Apple supplier Pegatron would be getting the exclusive contract. So there's been a lot of rumors with a few that are apparently in conflict with others. The good news is that Apple is evidently pushing for a wireless charging solution and now a new report by Fast Company speculates that Apple's supplier Dialog Semiconductor investing in a company called Energous points to a possible link to Apple considering that three quarters of Dialog's business is with Apple.   Dialog Semiconductor made the announcement of investing $10 million in Energous back on November 7. Their press release states that Dialog will expand Dialog's position in power management by becoming the exclusive supplier of Energous' disruptive RF-based wireless charging ICs. Energous is the developer of WattUp, a revolutionary wire-free charging technology that provides over-the-air power at a distance. The technology has the ability to transform the way consumers and industries charge and power electronic devices at home, in the office, in the car and beyond.     Energous Corporation is the developer of WattUp—an award-winning, wire-free charging technology that will transform the way consumers and industries charge and power electronic devices at home, in the office, in the car and beyond. WattUp is a revolutionary radio frequency (RF) based charging solution that delivers intelligent, scalable power via radio bands, similar to a Wi-Fi router. WattUp differs from older wireless charging systems in that it delivers power at a distance, to multiple devices – thus resulting in a wire-free experience that saves users from having to remember to plug in their devices. WattUp uses a Radio Frequency (RF) system, similar to a Wi-Fi system, delivers safe wire-free charging energy at distances of up to approximately 15 feet from a transmitter to a receiver device.         Other videos and video reviews of the product could be found here.   Fast company points to a statement made by Energous that that it signed a development and licensing agreement in February 2015 with "one of the top consumer electronic companies in the world" to integrate the WattUp technology into the partner's "consumer devices." Fast Company speculates that the agreement could have been with Apple.   While it's a long shot, it's definitely in the realm of possibilities. You could read more about the Fast Company report here.   About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.       Posted by Jack Purcher on December 15, 2016 at 03:40 AM in 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports | Permalink Comments The comments to this entry are closed. Search Recent Posts Huawei Begins their Big Squeeze on Samsung in the U.S. Today Canadian Competition Bureau Closes its Investigation into Apple Conducting Anti-Competitive Practices Patent Troll GPNE continues to Fight Apple in China over Infringing Patents related to Cellular technologies We weep to learn that Super Millionaire Tim Cook won't make as many Millions as last year Apple's Virtual Click Wheel Prototype feature for iOS may have been discovered Apple Reportedly Shifting to IGZO TFT-LCD Panels for MacBook Pro Sometime in 2017 While Samsung's Mobile Division Nose Dived this Quarter, other Components gave Samsung a Solid Winning Quarter Apple confirms our Report that the first Flagship Apple Store in South Korea will open later this year Ireland's Sinn Féin Accuses Apple's CEO of being Disrespectful to the Irish People for not attending a Key Hearing Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports 6. Patently Xtra News 7. Snap News 8. Apple-IBM MobileFirst 9. Apple Events & Financial Related Accessories Apple & Market Statistics Apple - Macs Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple iTunes / Apple Music Apple Pay, iWallet, NFC Related Apple Pencil - Smart Pen Apple Store Apple Watch + Other Wearables AppleTV Related Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible, Foldable Facial Recognition & 3D Related Future Interfaces Green Technology Haptics & Tactile iBeacon News + Inductive, Wireless Charging Liquid Metal Location Related, Indoor Mapping Maps Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Reports Projection Related Security Related Smart Bezels + Social Networking Software + OS Solar Energy Sports Related Travel Related Vehicle Related Videos Videos (Reports with) See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
News London Crime London Mayor Politics Transport Food for London Business Comment Football Arsenal Chelsea Crystal Palace Tottenham Watford West Ham Other sport Going Out Restaurants Pubs & Bars Arts Theatre Film Music Great Days Out Events & Attractions Lifestyle Fashion ES Best Food & Drink Beauty Health & Fitness Travel Design ES Magazine Showbiz Staying In Strictly Come Dancing The X Factor Homes & Property Property News Area Guides Home & Garden Luxury Charity appeal Sign in Register Benefits User policies News Christmas appeal London Crime Politics Transport Education Health Technology Mayor of London Comment Londoner's Diary Football Arsenal Chelsea Tottenham Hotspur Crystal Palace Watford West Ham Transfer News Premier League Championship Sport Rugby Union Tennis Cricket Showbiz Strictly Come Dancing The X Factor One Direction Taylor Swift Kim Kardashian Top Gear Going Out Theatre Awards Restaurants Bars, Pubs & Clubs Arts Theatre Film Music Comedy Events & Attractions Great Days Out Tickets Staying In TV and film Tech and Gaming Music Streaming Books Puzzles & Games Crosswords Competitions Lifestyle Fashion Food & Drink Beauty Health & Fitness Travel Design ES Magazine Dating Motors Shopping ES Best ES Shop Travel Offers Business & Money Money Transfers Business Directory Health insurance Homes & Property Property news Area guides Home & garden Luxury Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. Lifestyle London Life Why the Apple Pencil is the best gift to give this Christmas You'll be more efficient at work and go viral on Instagram - the most on-point present this year is a stylus, says Joe Krishnan JOE KRISHNAN Thursday 15 December 2016 10:41 BST Christmas is coming and that means the queue outside the Apple store in Covent Garden is a permanent fixture. But this year people want something more creative than new phones, laptops and tablets . When the Apple Pencil launched last year it sold out immediately, so now the Apple store is making every effort to ensure it has enough of the new- generation version not to disappoint. Like most digital styluses it works like a pencil. Simply draw a line on your iPad screen and almost instantly the line appears on the blank document. There are other quirks to learn too; applying more pressure to the screen will result in a denser mark, while tilting the pencil as you draw will leave a shaded area.  Such is its effectiveness that illustrators and designers are ditching their previous styluses and laptops to incorporate the Pencil into their everyday design work. By hooking up the Pencil to their iPad Pro they can work remotely and sketch digitally, rather than uploading hand-drawn designs onto a computer. If you’re less accomplished, it’s a fun way to make your own Christmas cards. Read more The UK’s favourite Christmas film revealed Pictures drawn with the Apple Pencil are going viral on Instagram, and the Royal Academy of Arts is running Apple Pencil courses in February and May. The February one has already sold out. Illustrator Dan Mumford, 32,  has used the Pencil to make art work for Star Wars and rock band Iron Maiden. He says being able to use the Pencil while on the move makes it a valuable tool. “I use my iPad when I’m travelling or out and about, so when I need to finish off a piece remotely I can use the Pencil,” he says. “Previous models felt a bit cheap as they didn’t have the nib the Pencil has. Essentially it is an actual pencil, whereas before it was like using a marker pen. “I’ve worked with the Pencil for up to 15 hours over a few days. It’s a very comfortable tool to use. It feels very natural, like a piece of slate. The response rate from the tip to the iPad is flawless. There isn’t much Apple can improve on, although my complaint is that you can easily lose the end of the cap!” The Pencil can also be used for animation. Tom Hovey, a Great British Bake Off illustrator, created a time-lapse video to display the progress of his drawing of a beetroot burger for National Burger Day, while Sarah Clifford, a final year graduate medical student, uploads medicine and biology notes illustrated using the Pencil to her profile. iPad Pro Procreate illustration of @Meringue_Girls amazing Beetroot Burger Newer longer version 👍🍔🌈 pic.twitter.com/M0z6eEj1Vl — Tom Hovey (@tomhoveyart) July 28, 2016 The Apple Pencil only works with the iPad Pro, which at £549 for the smallest version, the nine-inch display, will burn a hole in many freelance designers’ pockets. But the Pencil itself is a modest £99, which as a combined purchase works out cheaper than most desktop illustrator programmes. Samsung and Microsoft, which have each developed their own smart pens, are competing for the share of the stylus market. Samsung has released a much cheaper C Ballpoint Pen (most shops sell it for around £10), which has two tips — one for ink and another for digital use on its Galaxy tablet. In the other corner, Microsoft’s Surface Pen (£44.99) is perhaps more versatile, given that it works with the Surface Pro 3 and Pro 4, Surface Book and Surface 3 models. The fact that it can mark up documents and convert handwritten notes into digital text makes it useful for teachers and writers.  Christmas gifts for tech lovers - in pictures 11 show all Christmas gifts for tech lovers - in pictures 1/11 Scroll to see our favourite Christmas gifts for tech lovers... Shutterstock / Roman Samborskyi 2/11 PS4 Pro Currently the most powerful console on the market, the latest version of the PS4 will set you up for future game releases. It's a faster and more capable console than the regular PS4 and supports 4K resolution and HDR, which are gorgeous if your TV can handle them. If it can't, then 1080p looks just as good with higher and more stable frame rates. It also has a faster download speed and comes with a huge 1TB of storage. £349, Amazon, Buy it now 3/11 Sennheiser Urbanite XL Solidly built as you would expect from Sennheiser, the Urbanite XLs have bigger drive units and earpads which help tremendously with sound insulation. Most importantly, the sound quality is very good and they are comfortable due to them being over-ears. £106.24, Amazon, Buy it now 4/11 Samsung R1 There's no shortage of multiroom portable speakers, but the Samsung R1 – which is cheaper than others in Samsungs 'R' range – doesn't sacrifice on features. With more than one of these, you can create your set up through the Multiroom App 2.0, which allows you to stream music via your smartphone from a wide range of online services such as Spotify or Deezer. £116.47, Amazon, Buy it now 5/11 Nextbase 312GW Dashcams have gained a massive popularity as of late. Just one look at YouTube will show you how many accidents or near misses have been recorded by one of these devices, saving careful motorists thousands – some insurers will even give you a discount if you have one installed. The Nextbase 312GW comes with GPS, built in Wi-Fi, a clear 2.7inch screen showing 140-degrees of view at 1080p/30fps and supports SDHC and SDXC Micro SD cards up to 32GB. £82.95, Amazon, Buy it now 6/11 Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 8 Sitting at the top of the pile when it comes to tablets, the successor to the superb Tab S range the S2 8 is the smaller of the two available. With a solid build quality that shows off how well Samsung have pushed their design, it’s thinner and lighter than the iPad mini 4, with an impressive 320ppi pixel density Super AMOLED screen powered by an Octa-core processor and 3GB RAM. It makes app switching and gaming an absolute pleasure. £298.99, Amazon, Buy it now 7/11 Amazon Fire TV with 4K Ideal for any Amazon Prime user. Unlike its predecessor, it delivers content at the highest resolution available. With the membership programme's sheer amount of content, it’s a no-brainer if you have a 4K-capable TV with HDMI 2.0 HDCP2.2 connection and don't already have the brilliant Fire TV Stick. £75, Amazon, Buy it now 8/11 Sphero Force Band & BB-8 App Enabled Droid Who wouldn't want to control the Star Wars BB-8 unit with a wave of their hand? Master your Force powers by using gestures to control the BB-8 unit and take advantage of the additional capabilities of the band as you complete combat training for Blasters, Lightsabers and the force itself. £229, Amazon, Buy it now 9/11 Fisher Price Code-a-pillar A fantastic introduction to coding and logic for young children. Easy to use with plenty of possibilities, it comes with modules that snap together, each one having a different function such as turn left or dance. £44.99, Amazon, Buy it now 10/11 Amazon Echo The Amazon Echo is essentially multiple devices in one. It offers a voice controlled speaker that can play your music via Spotify, Amazon music or other connected devices such as tablets, a voice activated assistant that can answer queries – such as finding the latest news or weather – and finally a home-controller that can control lights and devices. The more you use it, the more efficient it becomes. £49.99, Amazon, Buy it now 11/11 Nintendo Classic Mini NES A must-have for any gamer. It brings back the amazing feeling that the NES created back to our front rooms. Plug it into your TV and you can blissfully play from amongst 30 pre-installed classic NES games the way they were meant to be played on a reproduction of the original controller. You can even save your progress, with 4 'Suspend Point' slots for each of the available games. You'll have to try incredibly hard to mirror this experience with anything but the original console. From £111, Amazon, Buy it now The Royal Academy is among the first to offer tuition on how to draw digitally. It is offering a two-day workshop using the iPad Pro and Pencil, inviting students to draw from a number of situations — including male and female models as well as a still life object — using advanced drawing techniques alongside the Apple Pencil. Course tutor Mark Hampson head of fine art processes at the RA, says the new method is “a revelation”. He adds: “I’ve been frustrated and sceptical about previous styluses. Until the Pencil came out, other styluses failed to replicate the dexterousness of using a pencil or quality of line. This truly echoes the natural gesture of a hand — and once you get over painting on a glass screen, it feels very natural. “I draw in pencil, so I shift from colour to colour in a fast way and the iPadPro offers that in an easy-to-use palette and array of drawing tricks. This is important in convincing me to draw digitally.” With more styluses improving with advanced technology, 2017 could be the year that the first digital Picasso emerges onto the art scene. 5 of the best stylus apps Procreate Sketch, paint and make illustrations with this art app. procreate.si UMake Easy-to-use for quick sketches and sharing  ideas in 3D. umake.xyz Pixelmator  Add layers to images, sketch and paint with this editing app. pixelmator.com Paper by FiftyThree  This app, used by architects, lets you combine notes, sketches and graphs.  fiftythree.com ADObe sketch Paint and express yourself on this pro app. adobe.com Follow Joe Krishnan on Twitter: @JoeKrishnan More about: IPad Apple Christmas Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: All Topics All Authors Archive Terms of use Contact Us Privacy policy Cookie policy Code of Conduct & Complaints Advertisers Promotion rules Contributors Syndication Business Connections Homes & Property Jobs London Live The Independent This is London Magazine indy100 Install our apps Close We have noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Free access to Standard.co.uk’s comprehensive package of news, sport and entertainment relies on advertising revenue. This allows us to invest in the best writers, pictures and videos. To continue viewing the site please disable your ad blocker for Standard.co.uk. Need help to do this? Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for standard.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on standard.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add standard.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting standard.co.uk Continue to our site
News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. Follow The Sun Your Sun Sign in Editions UK Edition Irish Sun The Sun The Sun The Irish Sun Dream Team Sun Bets Fabulous Sun Favourite Sun Motors Sun Bingo Sun Gifts News Corp WSJ.com New York Post The Australian News.com.au Storyful Harper Collins Realtor.com Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Help Hub The Sun, A News UK Company TOP Glasgow City Set your weather Now 0°C 9pm 0°C Sign in Scottish Sun UK Edition Irish Sun Search Home Football Sport TV & Showbiz Living News Sun Bingo Sun Bets All News All News Scottish News World News Opinion Politics Tech and science TRUMP’S TECH TITANS Donald Trump tells tech billionaires ‘you have to like me’ at historic meeting… but bans ‘too small’ Twitter for ‘refusing to make CROOKED HILLARY emoji’ The president-elect met with executives from Apple and Amazon at Trump Towers By Hannah Crouch 15th December 2016, 10:29 am Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments SOME of the brightest sparks in the American tech industry met with Donald Trump but Twitter was banned after it refused to make a ‘crooked’ Hilary Clinton emoji. Apple’s chief executive and Clinton supporter, Tim Cook and Amazon’s chief executive, Jeff Bezons were some of the attendees at Trump Towers in New York, just five weeks before Trump is due to be sworn in as President of the United States. 6 President-elect Donald Trump met with Silicon Valley executives at Trump Towers in New York 6 The Trump campaign suggested this emoji to Twitter to accompany the #CrookedHilary hashtag but it was turned down – reports have suggested this is why the company was not at the meeting Footage from NBC news shows Trump calling the group ‘amazing’ and bragged about the stock market ‘bounce’ which followed his election which benefited the businesses in the room. President-elect Trump added: “So right now everybody in this room has to like be, at least a little bit. “But we’re going to try and have that bounce continue.” The Donald tells Silicon Valley's billionaires ‘you have to like me’ The most glaring absence however was Jack Dorsey, the CEO of Twitter, which Trump used to speak to his 17.3m followers extensively during his campaign. The company was "bounced" from the meeting after it refused to allow an emoji version of the hashtag #CrookedHilary, Politico has reported. However reason was that Trump's transitional team's offical reason was because "the conference table was only so big" and Twitter was "too small to invite". RELATED STORIES TEEN DEATH AGONY Grieving mum of schoolgirl killed in car smash told teenage driver 'I forgive you' JAY TROLL PROBE Vile comments mocking Celtic superfan Jay Beatty on Rangers supporters forum are being probed by cops CALLOUS & CRUEL Social workers' shameful voicemail rant over vulnerable dementia patient leaves her husband stunned COURT CLAIMS Still Game star Ford Kiernan faces sex chat rap over 'obscene and degrading' remarks to Glasgow barmaid HOW COULD THIS HAPPEN? Sex beast raped girl, 12, after he was freed on bail before being sentenced for similar crimes TERROR AT THE TERMINAL Army reservist who shot dead five people at Florida airport 'had walked into an FBI office claiming he was being forced to fight for ISIS' GEORGE DEATH PROBE Major crime cops to probe George Michael's death and quiz his lover over fears star was killed by drug overdose 'Don't die, baby' Blade victim Carlo Volante's sobbing lover pleaded in desparation as he clung to life in Bonnyrigg COMET 'AVE A GO Asteroid apocalypse emergency plans are drawn up... and it could be very bad news for the UK BLAZE MURDER PROBE Fire killer 'hid in woods waiting to launch Milngavie house attack that killed Cameron Logan' KILLED IN A FISH TANK Sick ISIS savages execute captive by drowning him in FISH TANK in horrific new video JAILED FOR 'CHEATING' Scots mum jailed in Bahrain under Sharia Law after her 'husband beat her and accused her of adultery when she tried to leave him' Trump and Vice-president, Mick Pence, sat side-by-side in the middle of the table surrounded by CEOs including Satya Nadella from Microsoft, Larry Page from Alphabet, a parent company of Google, Tesla and SpaceX founder and CEO Elon Musk, Facebook's chief operating officer Sheryl Sandberg and Oracle CEO Safra Catz. Notably absent was Facebook's CEO, Mark Zukerberg. 6 Trump told the group they have to 'like him' after his election caused a stock market 'bounce' 6 Trump with his adviser Peter Thiel and Apple CEO Tim Cook who was one of the Silicon Valley leaders who attended the meeting 6 The incoming White House Chief of Staff, Reince Priebus, listens in at the meeting 6 Absent from the meeting was Twitter CEO, Jack Dorsey (pictured) Trump's three eldest children, Don Jr, Ivanka and Eric also attended the meeting. The 70-year-old told the group: "I'm here to help you folks do well. "We want you to keep going with the incredible innovation. There's nobody like you in the world." He also promised "fair trade deals" and said he would make it "easier" for companies to trade "across borders". We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368   The Sun Topics Donald Trump Amazon Apple Business Emojis Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments Comments Most Read in News JAY TROLL PROBE Vile comments mocking Celtic superfan Jay Beatty on Rangers supporters forum are being probed by cops News Video CALLOUS & CRUEL Social workers' shameful voicemail rant over vulnerable dementia patient leaves her husband stunned News Exclusive COURT CLAIMS Still Game star Ford Kiernan faces sex chat rap over 'obscene and degrading' remarks to Glasgow barmaid News HOW COULD THIS HAPPEN? Sex beast raped girl, 12, after he was freed on bail before being sentenced for similar crimes News Latest TERROR AT THE TERMINAL Army reservist who shot dead five people at Florida airport 'had walked into an FBI office claiming… News Exclusive GEORGE DEATH PROBE Major crime cops to probe George Michael's death and quiz his lover over fears star was killed by drug… News Exclusive 'Don't die, baby' Blade victim Carlo Volante's sobbing lover pleaded in desparation as he clung to life in Bonnyrigg News COMET 'AVE A GO Asteroid apocalypse emergency plans are drawn up... and it could be very bad news for the UK News Exclusive BLAZE MURDER PROBE Fire killer 'hid in woods waiting to launch Milngavie house attack that killed Cameron Logan' News KILLED IN A FISH TANK Sick ISIS savages execute captive by drowning him in FISH TANK in horrific new video News JAILED FOR 'CHEATING' Scots mum jailed in Bahrain under Sharia Law after her 'husband beat her and accused her of adultery… News MUM'S TEARS FOR 'STUD BADBOY' Heartbroken mum of 'drug dealer' gunned down by cops on M62 sobs in anguish at mosque for his… News Most Popular Exclusive foot the bill Snooty mum invoices friend for £325 after daughter returns from play-date with pen marks on her boots Living TEEN DEATH AGONY Grieving mum of schoolgirl killed in car smash told teenage driver 'I forgive you' News JAY TROLL PROBE Vile comments mocking Celtic superfan Jay Beatty on Rangers supporters forum are being probed by cops News Video CALLOUS & CRUEL Social workers' shameful voicemail rant over vulnerable dementia patient leaves her husband stunned News Exclusive COURT CLAIMS Still Game star Ford Kiernan faces sex chat rap over 'obscene and degrading' remarks to Glasgow barmaid News HOW COULD THIS HAPPEN? Sex beast raped girl, 12, after he was freed on bail before being sentenced for similar crimes News Exclusive Gilks out at Ibrox Matt Gilks set to quit Rangers after grown frustrated at lack of action Football Latest TERROR AT THE TERMINAL Army reservist who shot dead five people at Florida airport 'had walked into an FBI office claiming… News Revealed WALFORD MIRACLE EastEnders' Ronnie Mitchell back from the dead for a final appearance in emotional video message TV & Showbiz BREAK THE BENK Celtic miss out on 'new Simunovic' after Dinamo slap eye-watering price tag on him Football 'I'm going to smash your face in' Coleen Nolan snaps at Angie Best as sparks fly over Loose Women host's smoking habit TV & Showbiz Exclusive GEORGE DEATH PROBE Major crime cops to probe George Michael's death and quiz his lover over fears star was killed by drug… News Exclusive GAULD FINGERED Ryan Gauld relegated to Sporting Lisbon B team after boss Jorge Jesus takes the huff Football A NEW DON MK Dons boss Robbie Neilson set to raid old club Hearts by moving for fringe man Football Exclusive 'Don't die, baby' Blade victim Carlo Volante's sobbing lover pleaded in desparation as he clung to life in Bonnyrigg News Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. You can change this and find out more by following this link Close Follow The Sun Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Help Hub ©News Group Newspapers Limited in England No. 679215 Registered office: 1 London Bridge Street, London, SE1 9GF. "The Sun", "Sun", "Sun Online" are registered trademarks or trade names of News Group Newspapers Limited. This service is provided on News Group Newspapers' Limited's Standard Terms and Conditions in accordance with our Privacy & Cookie Policy. To inquire about a licence to reproduce material, visit our Syndication site. View our online Press Pack. For other inquiries Contact Us. To see all content on The Sun, please use the Site Map. The Sun website is regulated by the Independent Press Standards Organisation (IPSO) Our journalists strive for accuracy but on occasion we make mistakes. For further details of our complaints policy and to make a complaint please click here. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Place an advert Buy a photo Plus Rewards Puzzles Like us Follow us Login Register  ° Site Search Phrase News Sport What's On Pics Jobs Property Motors Directory Notices Buy&Sell Dating ALL Cleethorpes Crime Education Business Health Jobs News Politics Letters Transport Pictures Golden Apple Awards 2017: Honours will recognise those who go the extra mile By Grimsby Telegraph  |  Posted: December 15, 2016 By Jack Longstaff   0 COMMENTS   SHARES CELEBRATION: The inaugural Grimsby and Scunthorpe Telegraph Golden Apple Awards were held at the Humber Royal Hotel in February. Golden Apple Awards 2017: Honours will recognise those who go the extra mile X Share Tweet Share Pin It Email Copy link to paste in your message / CELEBRATION: The inaugural Grimsby and Scunthorpe Telegraph Golden Apple Awards were held at the Humber Royal Hotel in... Fire at Pleasure Island 1 Like shopping in Hull? Opening date for 24 new Princes... 1 Man and woman found dead at a home in Lincolnshire 1 Comments (0) A PERSON or group who has risen to meet an exceptional challenge against all the odds will be given the ultimate recognition by being decorated with a prestigious Golden Apple Award. An educational establishment or a person who works or learns in it will be recognised in our Golden Apple Awards, which are returning for a second year and will look to recognise schools, academies, colleges, staff and students to shout from the rooftops about all that is good about our region's education. This brand new award for 2017, the Against All Odds Award, is specifically designed for a remarkable person or group within the education setting who has gone above and beyond what is expected to succeed. More news: Is your kids' junior school the best or worst in North East Lincolnshire? Find out here.. It is not aimed at just people in schools, and judges will be looking for an individual or group of people who rose to meet an exceptional challenge which affected themselves as individuals or their establishment during the year. Following on from last year's hugely successful campaign, the Grimsby and Scunthorpe Telegraph's Golden Apple Awards are returning for a second year and are aimed at recognising the talent, skills and hard work that goes into teaching and providing education in North and North East Lincolnshire. They also raise the profile of great teaching in our community and reward those whose work deserves to be recognised among their peers. Grimsby Carpet Warehouse are the proud sponsors of the award, and managing director, Myles Shaw, says the it's a chance to celebrate our local "education champions". He said: "I believe it is really important to reward and share the success of those that go above and beyond in the education sector to make a real difference to either an individual or group. "I guess in this fast-paced world, people don't have time to appreciate the extra effort that these special people put in. "The Golden Apple Awards are the perfect chance to reward these talented teachers for going the extra mile and to remind them that they are not doing it in vain and it is greatly appreciated by the community." Nominations will now remain open for an eight-week period. Finalists will be shortlisted in February by an independently selected judging panel and invited to attend the awards ceremony at the Forest Pines Hotel on Thursday, March 2. We are looking to once again recognise and celebrate the very best in education that Northern Lincolnshire has to offer. A huge 11 awards will be handed out, and will look to add to the fantastic stories unearthed during the first Golden Apple Awards ceremony earlier this year. Awards are handed out for outstanding achievements in the following 11 categories: Teaching assistant of the Year, Community Award, Award for Innovation, Teacher/Lecturer of the Year, Star Student Award (under 16), Star Student Award (16 plus), Against All Odds Award, Outstanding Sporting Achievement, Apprentice Of The Year, Business Support for Schools Award and Lifetime Contribution Award. To enter online, fill out the form below. View details of each category here. &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;a href="&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;a href="&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;a href="https://northcliffe.wufoo.com/forms/zw2l1fo0wvapko/"&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/a&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;a href="https://northcliffe.wufoo.com/forms/zw2l1fo0wvapko.."&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;https://northcliffe.wufoo.com/forms/zw2l1fo0wvapko...&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/a&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;."&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;a href="https://northcliffe.wufoo.com/forms/zw2l1fo0wvapko.."&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;https://northcliffe.wufoo.com/forms/zw2l1fo0wvapko...&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/a&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;.&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/a&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;"&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;Fill out my Wufoo form!&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/a&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; More of today's Grimsby news Follow us on Facebook and Twitter Report this article Read more from Grimsby Telegraph Most Recent Most Commented Fire at Pleasure Island Like shopping in Hull? Opening date for 24 new Princes Quay... Man and woman found dead at a home in Lincolnshire Update: Swans killed in People's Park, Grimsby - video Shocking vandal attack on historic shelters at Cleethorpes -... Last rooftop stand-off cost £5.2k and wasted 267 hours of... Do you have something to say? Leave your comment here... max 4000 characters Comments Newest Oldest Best Rated YOUR COMMENTS AWAITING MODERATION Send me jobs by email Hot Jobs Finance Officer Salary : £22,937 Team Leader Salary : Good rates Clerk and Responsible Financial Officer Salary : £27,282 pro rata Family Lawyer Salary : TBC Legal Secretary Salary : TBC Legal Secretary Salary : TBC Receptionist Salary : TBC Aftercare Repair Engineer Salary : TBC AutoCAD Technician / Designer Salary : TBC Assistant Shop Manager Salary : £14,040 - £14,670 per annum pro rata Chief Executive Officer Salary : Negotiable Marketing and PR Assistant Salary : Grade G (£25,578 - £27,822) Technical Superintendent Salary : Excellent according to experience QUALIFIED CAR MECHANIC MOT TESTER Salary : £25,000 per year depending on experience. Vehicle Quality Site Supervisor Salary : Between £17,800-£19,600 dependant on experience (£9.50–£10.50 per hour) Bricklayers/Stonemasons Salary : Undisclosed Power Station Maintenance Manager Salary : Undisclosed BOARD MEMBER Salary : Good rates IT Support Salary : Good Civil & Mechanical Engineering Operatives Salary : competitive Show your pictures Upload your pictures and share with the community! × Report Abuse Name * Email * What is the primary reason you are reporting this message as abusive? General Abuse Profanity Explicit Content Impersonation Harassment Libel Racial Abuse Religious Abuse Spam Private Information Additional Comments? Cancel Report Abuse Related Links News Cleethorpes Business Crime Politics Entertainment Education Jobs news Health Transport Have Your Say Polls Sport Grimsby Town Cleethorpes Town FC Football Rugby Cricket Other Sport Picture galleries Our site Video Jobs Dating Vouchers Letters How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Promotions Buy and Sell Notices Buy a Photo Cars Property Classifieds Places Shopping Estate Agents Restaurants Health and Beauty Hotels and Travel Attractions Pubs and Bars Hairdressers Sport and Leisure Services Tradesmen Business Services Motoring Builders and Construction Gardening Education Plumbers Legal Services Taxis & Vehicle Hire Copyright © 2017 Local World. All Rights Reserved. Contact Us Privacy & Cookies Terms & Conditions House Rules
Email Password Remember me Forgot password?     Log in with Facebook Log in with Twitter Log In news tech & science social media business entertainment life sports     Super Mario comes to the iPhone Listen | Print By Tim Sandle     Dec 15, 2016 in Entertainment Tokyo - The iconic video game character Super Mario is to make his debut on Apple products, with 'Super Mario Run' to be made available to iPhone and iPad users. Nintendo are set to make Super Mario available for Apple products for the first time, Mashable has reported. This will also be the first Mario game made for a smartphone. The company has indicated that part of the motivation is to stop potential piracy. For this reason users will not only need to download an app but also be on-line when they wish to play the game. The game will feature playability associated with other Super Mario games, such as collectible coins of various colors, mushrooms, Goombas, Koopa Troopers, boss battles. In essence the smartphone game will be in the Super Mario Bros format, a type of platform adventure where the user controls the character from left to right. There are three game modes titled World Tour, Toad Rally and Kingdom Builder. Super Mario games follow Mario's adventures in the fictional Mushroom Kingdom. The first title in the series, Super Mario Bros., released for the Nintendo Entertainment System in 1985. The character Mario (who resembles a short, pudgy, Italian plumber) has appeared in over 200 video games since his creation. Speaking with the BBC, technology consultant Piers Harding-Rolls enthuses: "Mario is one of the best loved and established icons of gaming and I think this is going to be tremendously successful." The move continues Nintendo's advance into mobile gaming following its first game, called Miitomo which was launched in March 2016. This was followed by July's Pokemon Go (which Nintendo had a part stake.) Given the relatively disappointing sales of the Wii U, these types of games might signal the future direction of the Japanese company. Super Mario Run will be available as a free demo. The cost of the game, to access all features, is expected to be around $10 (£8.) A version for Android devices is being worked on, although this will not be launched until later in 2017. More about Super mario, iPhone, iPad More news from Super mario iPhone iPad Entertainment Video Latest News Top News Microsoft's Project NEON Windows 10 overhaul leaks to the world London breaches air pollution annual limit for 2017 in five days Trump targets Mexican car imports with steep tariffs Op-Ed: Bob Arum likely to grant Pacquiao's $20 million guaranteed prize MH370 - No suspicions of crew, passengers, says French probe Intel's tiny Compute Card PC lets you 'transform everything' Arum set to discuss next fight with Pacquiao in Manila Toronto moves ahead with plan to tackle illicit drug overdoses Norway to switch off FM stations in favor of Digital Radio Huge chunk of Larsen C ice shelf ready to break off at any moment Corporate Contact Us About Us Advertise Investors & Partners Help & Support Editorial Guidelines Terms of Use Privacy Policy News Links Latest News Live Events News Alerts GlobeNewswire News Global Press Releases 24-7PressRelease.com copyright © 2017 digitaljournal.com   |   powered by dell servers
    Saturday 07 January 2017 This site uses cookies to store information on your computer. See our cookie policy for further details on how to block cookies. I am happy with this Home News Latest News News by Area Photosales Your Letters Archive Weather Public Notices Sport Football Rugby Cricket Athletics Angling Boxing Golf Darts Hockey Swimming Other Gallery Leisure Arts Film Music Stage Events Tourism Holidays Dating Competitions Community Family Announcements Junior Advertiser Dating Public Notices Women's Useful Links Property Property of the Week Find An Agent Contact Agents Jobs Motors Compact Cars Family Cars Sporting Cars Luxury Cars 4x4s Vans & Pickups Private Car Sales Book Online Dealer Locator Our Services Photosales Family Announcements Subscriptions Leaflets Number One Holidays Contact Us / Advertise with us Classified Services All Business Profiles Enhance Your Listing Missing Listing? Search News Newark Bramley Apple Tree in running for national award Poll  Bramley Apple Tree in running for national award 10:00am Thu Dec 15, 2016 Tweet   Ardal O'Hanlon, pictured at the Bramley Apple Festival in Southwell, in October. A TV programme will reveal the UK's Tree of the Year on Saturday with the original Bramley Apple tree among the contenders. Tree of the Year will be shown at 8pm on Saturday on Channel 4 and will feature Southwell's famous tree, the mother of all Bramley Apple trees. Irish actor and comedian Ardal O'Hanlon will host the one-hour programme which will feature four national winners, chosen by the public in an online poll, and an overall UK winner. Filming took place in Southwell on Bramley Apple Festival Day in October, with footage shot in the Minster, and in the garden of the original Bramley Apple tree in Church Street. Southwell Minster's marketing officer, Kathryn Anderson said: "It was lovely to have Ardal here. "He chatted to the different stall holders at the festival, bought a few gifts and had a photo taken with the Dean. "Obviously we don't know how much of the filming will make it to the final programme but do take a look as you may see some familiar faces." Viewers will be taken across the UK, learning what makes the nominated trees so special. Now in its third year, the Woodland Trust's Tree of the Year competition showcases and celebrates the nation’s best loved trees. The public have voted on the 28-strong shortlist, which was selected by botanists, historians and photographers. The winning tree in England, Northern Ireland, Scotland and Wales will be unveiled to the nation in the programme. From these four champion trees, a panel of experts will select just one to take the title of UK Tree of the Year. The Woodland Trust has been recording locations of special trees across the UK since 2006 and over 150,000 have been recorded on its Ancient Tree Inventory. By commenting you are agreeing to our Terms and Conditions. Read our comments and complaints policy. Posted by David Parker   Latest news  A617 re-opens at Kirklington after two-vehicle collision  Giving the gift of food  Newark Hospital to be discussed at trust event  Entrepreneur aims to inspire the next generation  Commuter counts the cost of rail fare increase  Prescriptions for paracetamol and hayfever tablets may be axed  Permission sought for 74 homes  Brough Superior motorcycle on show at National Civil War Centre  Sports car firm powers on thanks to new funding  Chance to have your say on threat to press freedom  Warning over bogus "council" letter  Charity cash and children's toys taken in break-in  Patient "came home in tears" after no GP was available to see her  TT racers are star guests at bike show  Church to host plough service News by area Newark  Commuter counts the cost of rail fare increase  Dead horse found dumped in carpark Southwell  Charity cash and children's toys taken in break-in  Sailors earn awards for Caribbean rescue Bingham  Permission sought for 74 homes  Death of teenage cyclist prompts road safety initiative     More NewarkAdvertiser.co.uk News Latest News News In Pictures Your Letters Archive Submit A Story Sport Football Rugby Cricket Athletics Angling Boxing Golf Darts Hockey Swimming Other Sport Leisure Arts Film Music Stage Events Horoscopes Tourism Holidays Your Community Junior Advertiser Family Notices Dating Our Services Photo sales Images from the past Subscription Leaflets Media Pack Cookie policy Contact Us Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Delivery Policy Property Hot Properties Buying Renting Find An Agent Contact Agents Recruitment Motors Classified Services Disclaimer | Website Designed and Maintained by Advertiser Web Services The Newark Advertiser Co Ltd website and the contents of its pages are © Advertiser Media Group, Unit 9 & 10 Halifax Court, Fernwood Business Park, Cross Lane, Newark, Notts, NG24 3JP. Reproduction in any form, printing or downloading of part or all of the contents is forbidden without specific written authorisation from the company. No part of contents of the Newark Advertiser Co Ltd website may be reproduced on or transmitted to or stored in any other website or other form of electronic retrieval system.
Please enable javascript for best view and rich features! Please Try again! Login / Register | Logout Gizmodo Indiamodo News Gadgets Science Design Software WTF Gallery Gizmodo X Login / Register | Logout Indiamodo News Gadgets Science Design Software WTF Gallery expand From ‘Ae Dil Hai Mushkil’ to ‘Sultan’: Here is Apple’s best music and movies of 2016 Saba Haider Dec 15, 2016, 02.15 PM IST FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedinReddit AppleImage Credit As we are counting days to step into 2017, a lot of companies have started announcing as what went big this year on their platform. Following this usual practice, even Apple is out with its ‘Best of 2016’ list that comprises the top apps, games, music and movies that were released this year. Here at Gizmodo India, we decide to take a look at Apple’s best music and movies of 2016. While ‘Ae Dil Hai Mushkil’ by Pritam and Arijit Singh is the Best Song on iTunes, Amit Trivedi’s ‘Udta Punjab’ is the Best Album on iTunes this year. In the category of movies, Apple lists ‘Sultan’ as the Best Bollywood Blockbuster, ‘Sairat’ as the Best Regional Blockbuster, ‘Kapoor and Sons (Since 1921)’ as Best Family Drama, ‘Deadpool’ as the Best Action flick. Besides these movies ‘Star Trek Beyond, X-Men: Apocalypse’, ‘Kung Fu Panda 3’, ‘Fan’, ‘Eddie The Eagle’ and ‘U Turn’ made it to the top 10 list. This was all that gained the attention of Indian audience. On the global front, Drake dominates the top song and album spots with “One Dance” and Views, respectively, on Apple Music. Besides these, even the Hamilton soundtrack is also a top-selling album. The Chainsmokers have two of the top 10 songs this year, and music fans still can’t get enough of Adele’s 25, Rihanna’s ANTI and Frank Ocean’s Blonde. As far as the iTunes movies are concerned, inventive films like La La Land, Moonlight and Sing Street remained hit with international audience. And the top-selling charts feature huge blockbuster hits to buzzworthy indie titles, from ‘Star Wars: The Force Awakens’ and ‘Deadpool’ to ‘Spotlight’ and ‘The Hateful Eight’. On the other hand, top editorial picks of , iTunes TV’s include groundbreaking shows like Full Frontal with Samantha Bee and Atlanta, while longtime TV favorites Game of Thrones, The Walking Dead and Downton Abbey are top sellers. (Image: Indiatimes) FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedinReddit Tags: AppleAe Dil Hai MushkilUdta PunjabPritamApple year in reviewApple music and movies 2016 Follow Gizmodo on facebookLiketwitterFollowgplusFollow Contribute to Gizmodo Write for Us Next StoryLenovo ZUK Edge to launch on December 20 Comments () Characters Remaining: 3000 SIGN IN WITHFacebookGoogleEmail OR PROCEED WITHOUT REGISTRATION X Sort By:NewestOldestDiscussedUp VotedDown Voted More from this author Mission Sanitation: Now, Google will help you find public toilet in Delhi-NCR and Madhya Pradesh Digital India: BSNL offers free linguistic email service for its users Snapdeal follows Ola Cabs’ steps, offers ‘Cash@Home’ service Related stories Ok Google, What did India search for in 2016? Amazon's Prime Video possibly launching in India this November Amazon Ties Up With Dharma Productions For Digital Streaming Rights Apple Invents TV Everything Apple Announced Today Apple Delays AirPods  Personalized Recommendations Editor's Pick Lenovo Yoga 510 Review: Inconsistent Performer The Magic of George Michael: Bringing the “Faith” over a Glorious 30-Year Music Career OnePlus 3T review: Still the best damn phone for less than Rs 30,000 Nucleya Adds His Signature Bass To Papon’s Bihu in The Dewarists’ Latest Music Collaboration Confused between OnePlus 3 and OnePlus 3T? Read this Super Mario Run: My first 20 minutes! Hot Right Now Huawei Honor 6X to be launched on January 24 for less than Rs 15,000 ... Asus enters CES 2017 with the Zenfone AR and the Zenfone 3 Zoom Google CEO Sundar Pichai's return to IIT Kharagpur: Top 20 things he said ... OnePlus opens unique experience store that will not sell phones ... Moto X 2017 spotted in renders ... Like what you see? Keep up with the latest by following us on and subscribe to our Daily Newsletter Related Content Trending on social Now Airtel offers Free 3GB 4G Data per month to take on Reliance Jio CyanogenMod reborn, download Lineage OS right now CyanogenMod reborn, download Lineage OS right now OnePlus 3T soft-gold variant goes on sale starting January 5 Overlook Paytm, PM Modi launches a new ‘BHIM’ mobile app AdAge Unicorns #AdAgeUnicorns: The Lloyd Mathias Interview (Part 1) #AdAgeUnicorns: The Lloyd Mathias Interview (Part 2) #AdAgeUnicorns: Lloyd Mathias to Share His Marketing Journey on December 15 #AdAgeUnicorns: The R Balki Interview (Part 2) Learn at Coursera Master Business Fundamentals from Wharton Leadership and Business Skill for Immediate Impact Take Big Data from University of California San DiegoMore » HUFFINGTON POST The Good, The Bad And The Ugly Smartphone 'Fans' After Google Phone, We Might See Google Watches Freedom 251 Maker Launches LED TV For ₹9900 Times of India Technology Apple iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus price details revealed, goes up to Rs 92,000 Apple slashes prices of iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus by up to Rs 22,000 WhatsApp privacy policy challenged in Delhi High Court: 5 things to know Apple iOS 10 surpasses iOS 9 in early adoption in just 24 hours Gadgets Now Shop Samsung Z2 - 8GB (Gold) ₹ 4699BUY4G, 1GB RAM,4"Screen Panasonic P66 Mega - 16GB (Rose Gold) ₹ 5950BUY2GB RAM, 8MP+5MP Cam Micromax Bolt Q381 - 8GB (Black) ₹ 3840BUY5" Screen, 5MP Cam About | Privacy | Write For Us | Contact | Authors | Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy | Gizmodo US | RSS TIMES GLOBAL PARTNERS Times Global Partners is an initiative focused on partnering with Established and Emerging Global Digital Companies for growing their presence and business in India through growth in their Brand, audience, adoption, distribution and monetization. Copyright @ 2017. Times Internet Limited. All rights reserved.For reprint rights. Times Syndication Service.
MacDailyNews WELCOME HOME! Apple and Mac News Login · Register News Opinion Contact App Facebook Tumblr Twitter RSS Archives Widget Opinion Archive Jan 2017 Chuq Von Rospach: My advice for Apple Jan 2017 Hey Apple, it's time to give up thinness for bigger, longer-lasting batteries Jan 2017 The future of macOS: Fix the old stuff? Jan 2017 Attention, Tim Cook! Apple isn’t firing on all cylinders and you need to fix it Jan 2017 What Apple's 2016 acquisitions tell us about 2017 and beyond Current Headlines Latest Joy of Tech 9to5Mac The first app to find your missing AirPod(s) arrives…do yours fall out? [Poll] Apple features artwork to celebrate the Chinese New Year with wallpapers for Mac, iPhone, and iPad Happy Hour Podcast 101 | CES 2017, Zac’s Apple Watch journey, and iOS 10.3 rumors Apple’s AirPods and the best cord-free competition compared Matias announces backlit version of its Wireless Aluminum Keyboard in Silver and Space Gray 9to5Toys Last Call: 3-pack Anker Lightning Cables $20, DJI Phantom 3 Pro Drone $699, Klipsch Earbuds $37, more Focalcrest announces Mixtile Hub to bridge existing ZigBee and Z-Wave smart home products into HomeKit + Siri control 2017 & Beyond: What’s next for Mac, and what of its longer-term future? Apple cuts Tim Cook’s pay by $1.5M as company announces 2017 shareholder meeting iPhone 8 will dramatically outsell the iPhone 6 due to much larger subscriber base – Nomura Cute thermal printer turns your iPhone content into Post-It-style sticky notes Apple confirms plan to open its first ever retail store in Samsung’s home city of Seoul Official Beats Instagram photo fuels rumors about a new ‘Jet White’ iPhone 7 color once again [Update] Apple History: Acorn, a virtual click-wheel-based OS which lost out to iOS, shown in its 2006-era glory [video] Apple to temporarily relocate flagship Fifth Avenue retail store on January 20 for renovations MacRumors CES 2017: Mixtile Hub Promises to Expand HomeKit to ZigBee and Z-Wave Smart Home Devices Apple Said to Shift to Lower Power IGZO Displays for MacBook Pro Later This Year Tim Cook's Pay Was $1.5 Million Less in 2016 as Apple Missed its Own Performance Targets Original iPhone Prototype With iPod Click Wheel Surfaces Online Apple's Iconic Fifth Avenue Store Moving to Temporary Location on January 20 During Renovations Pepcom at CES: HomeKit Accessories Galore, a Tiny Apple Watch Charger, an iPhone-Connected Car HUD, and More Alpine Introduces $900 Infotainment System With Wireless CarPlay T-Mobile to Simplify Phone Bills With Single Unlimited Data Plan and No Additional Fees iOS 10 Now Installed on 76% of Active iOS Devices Hands-On: OWC's 'DEC' Adds an SD Card Slot, Ethernet, and USB Type-A Ports to the MacBook Pro AppleInsider Apple celebrates Chinese New Year with original Nianhua folk art wallpapers made on Mac and iPad Leviton presents hub-free HomeKit in-wall dimmers, switches Hands-on: Fibaro's HomeKit-enabled flood, door/window, and motion sensors Video demonstrates old 'Acorn OS' interface considered for iPhone prior to iOS Two-year probe of Apple's alleged anti-competitive behavior shut down by Canadian government Focalcrest Mixtile Hub claims to bridge HomeKit, previously incompatible home automation devices Apple shareholder's meeting scheduled for Feb 28, nine proposals to be voted on CEO Tim Cook's compensation cut by $1.5M following Apple's 2016 decline in sales Apple camera lens manufacturer posts significant profit, shedding doubt on iPhone order cuts AppleInsider podcast at CES talks Apple HomeKit, tech trends, and the struggle to ship MacNN Goodbye from MacNN, and Managing Editor Mike Wuerthele Rumor Roundup: Oh yes it is! Oh no it isn't! Spotify claims app update rejection by Apple 'raises serious concerns' Best of MacNN: the MacNN Podcast, episode 25: My Stupid Cat's Fault MacNN Deals: Increase your productivity with these Mac apps Best of MacNN: Lawyer sues Apple for not preventing his porn addiction Hands On: macOS Sierra, part two Tekserve closing NYC store on July 31 after 29 years of service Giveaway: Final reminder of all current MacNN Deals competitions Bang & Olufsen unveils Beoplay H5 wireless earphones Daring Fireball Prototype Interface for an iPod-Based Apple Phone Dan Nainan, the 55-Year-Old ‘Millennial’ ‘Comedian’ Vermont’s Maple Syrup Logo Intel’s Compute Card Is a PC That Can Fit in Your Wallet Apple, The New York Times, and China [Sponsor] Aaptiv: On-Demand Audio Fitness Ev Williams Announces Layoffs at Medium Why Chris Adamson Bought a New Mac Pro Last Week Wesley Moore’s Search for an Alternative to MacOS AirPod Cases Disguised as Dental Floss Dispensers T-GAAP Where Does Apple Go To Grow? Merry Christmas from T-GAAP If you think AirPods Are Ugly It's Time You Take Another Look Record Sales For Surface? Seriously? MacBook Pro: Great Features, Expensive Cult of Mac Check out this week’s best tech, tools and lessons [Deals] Apple Stores go green in advance of Earth Day Apple taps Surface Pro hinge maker for super-thin MacBooks How Steve Jobs and the industrial design team saved Apple, this week on The CultCast Use free Snapseed on iPad to tune your photos to best effect Apple reveals how long its devices typically last Drawings reveal new buildings inside Apple’s ‘spaceship’ campus Apple reaches deal with Samsung to buy OLED iPhone displays iPhone recycling is Apple’s latest gold mine Apple looks to paid search to ‘improve’ discoverability on App Store Macworld UK Best MFi game controllers for iPad & iPhone 2017: Best Bluetooth gaming joypads 161 best iPhone games 2017 | Best iPad games: Amazing iOS games you need to play iPhone 8 release date rumours UK | iPhone 8 specs & new features Protect your Apple ID: two-factor authentication vs two-step verification iOS 10 release date UK | iOS new features | Which iPhones & iPads run iOS 10? Apple Watch 3 release date, price, features and specs rumours The 131 best Mac games ever: Fantastic Mac games you need to play 19 best Apple Watch stands & charging docks New macOS update 2017 release date rumours | macOS 10.13 new features wishlist iPad Pro 2 release date rumours UK | iPad Pro 2017 new features, specs, price CNET iPhone Update Shorter lines for pricey burgers as Shake Shack ups mobile rollout - CNET iPhone 8: Most-wanted features - CNET Make your iPhone read aloud to you - CNET Moment lenses are ready for your iPhone 7 - CNET iOS 10 notifications look the same, but work a lot differently - CNET 9 reasons you should keep your current iPhone - CNET Why you'll soon forget the iPhone ever had a headphone jack - CNET Apple could launch an iPhone with curved screen - CNET iPhone 7 may sport pressure-sensitive home button, Space Black paint job - CNET iPhone 7 Plus purported mockup reveals blue paint job and more - CNET Jan 06, 2017 - 05:15 PM UTC — AAPL: 117.91 (+1.30, +1.11%) | NASDAQ: 5521.06 (+33.12, +0.6%) Nike+ Run Club app updated with Apple Watch Series 2 support ahead of Apple Watch Nike+ launch Thursday, October 27, 2016 · 9:55 am · 1 Comment “Nike+ Run Club for iPhone and Apple Watch has a notable update out today just one day before the Apple Watch Nike+ starts hits stores,” Zac Hall reports for 9to5Mac. “Version 5.1 includes a ton of improvements and fixes plus some new features like Apple Music integration and GPS support on the Apple Watch Series 2.” “For Apple Music subscribers, Nike+ Run Club now fully supports streaming playlists from the Nike app on iPhone,” Hall reports. “For Apple Watch runners, the new update includes full support for watchOS 3.1 and takes advantage of the built-in GPS on Apple Watch Series 2. Previously, the app was a bit on the basic side and wouldn’t map your runs when you ran without the iPhone.” MacDailyNews Take: It was also as slow as molasses running uphill in Fargo in January. Yes, even slower than the average app running on Apple Watch Series 0, so you know it was notably sluggish. Hall reports, “There still seems to be some differences between the Nike+ Run Club app from the App Store and the version included on Apple Watch Nike+, and I’m not sure about the Siri support mentioned above (I’ve tried it without success which could mean Apple Watch Nike+ only), but it’s a significant update over the previous version.” Read more in the full article here. MacDailyNews Take: Let’s see, can we fit in a run today (of all days; Apple special event day; first new Macs in what seems like forever) to test the app on our original Apple Watch Sport (Series 0) units before that things go into the Apple museum and we strap our new Apple Watch Nike+ smartwatches to our wrists tomorrow? We’ll try! Categories: News Tags: Apple Music, Apple Watch Nike+, fitness, GPS, Nike+ Run Club, running Thank You for supporting MacDailyNews! Loading... Comment Feed One Comment Kavita Mevada Thursday, December 15, 2016 - 5:08 am · Reply Apple’s Beats X wireless earphones delayed until February 2017 When Apple announced that it was killing the headphone jack on the iPhone 7,now it discovered a wireless headphones but it will delayed. Add Your Feedback Name (required) Email (required) Web cancel reply Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Recent Articles TV gimmicks are dead. 2017 is the year of real next-gen television Playing ‘Witcher 3’ on a MacBook Air thanks to Nvidia’s GeForce Now Chuq Von Rospach: My advice for Apple Boosted by Trump rally and Apple, Wall Street parties like it’s 19,999 Pornhub stats prove Windows users are the biggest wankers on the Internet UPMC Susquehanna’s new surgical center supported by Apple technology Britain has world’s strongest economy after Brexit Apple to open first retail store on home turf of beleaguered rival Samsung Next-gen HDMI will support 8K video with HDR Strength in numbers: Apple’s best weapon still packs much untapped power; more affordable iPhones and iPads would unleash it MacDailyNews Poll Follow Blog via Email Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. Join 21,465 other followers  Top 10 Free Mac Apps Kindle - AMZN Mobile LLC Microsoft Remote Desktop - Microsoft Corporation Xcode - Apple The Unarchiver - Dag Agren App for Instagram - Instant at your desktop! - Joacim Ståhl Slack - Slack Technologies, Inc. Pool! - DoraLogic OneDrive - Microsoft Corporation Microsoft OneNote - Microsoft Corporation App for Youtube - Instant at your desktop! - Joacim Ståhl  Top 10 Paid Mac Apps GarageBand - Apple Magnet - CrowdCafé Affinity Photo - Serif Labs Quicken 2017 - Quicken Inc. Logic Pro X - Apple Final Cut Pro - Apple The Sims™ 2: Super Collection - Aspyr Media, Inc. Notability - Ginger Labs App for WhatsApp - Bastian Roessler Duplicate Photos Fixer Pro - Systweak Software  Top 10 Free iPad Apps Super Mario Run - Nintendo Co., Ltd. YouTube - Watch and Share Videos, Music & Clips - Google, Inc. Netflix - Netflix, Inc. Hot Wheels: Race Off - Hutch Games Ltd The Weather Channel App for iPad – best local forecast, radar map, and storm tracking - The Weather Channel Interactive Rolling Sky - Cheetah Technology Corporation Limited Facebook - Facebook, Inc. Messenger - Facebook, Inc. Google Chrome – The Fast and Secure Web Browser - Google, Inc. Hill Climb Racing 2 - Fingersoft  Top 10 iTunes Songs Shape of You - Ed Sheeran Castle on the Hill - Ed Sheeran I Don’t Wanna Live Forever (Fifty Shades Darker) - ZAYN & Taylor Swift 24K Magic - Bruno Mars Mercy - Shawn Mendes Bad Things - Machine Gun Kelly & Camila Cabello This Town - Niall Horan Closer (feat. Halsey) - The Chainsmokers Say You Won't Let Go - James Arthur Don't Wanna Know (feat. Kendrick Lamar) - Maroon 5  Top 10 iTunes Albums 11 Short Stories of Pain & Glory - Dropkick Murphys Moana (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack) - Various Artists La La Land (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack) - Various Artists 24K Magic - Bruno Mars Sing (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack Deluxe) - Various Artists Traveller - Chris Stapleton Moana (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack) [Deluxe Edition] - Various Artists Trolls (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack) - Various Artists Blurryface - twenty one pilots Perfectly Imperfect - EP - Grace VanderWaal  Top 10 iTunes Movies The Infiltrator - Brad Furman The Magnificent Seven (2016) - Antoine Fuqua Jason Bourne - Paul Greengrass The Secret Life of Pets - Chris Renaud Suicide Squad (2016) - David Ayer Deepwater Horizon - Peter Berg Max Steel - Stewart Hendler Kubo and the Two Strings - Travis Knight Hell or High Water - David Mackenzie Pete's Dragon (2016) - David Lowery  Top 10 iTunes TV Shows Amnesia Appetizers - The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills Crossing - Vikings Ringmaster Keifth - Modern Family The Gang Turns Black - It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia Back In Baby’s Arms - Nashville The Six Thatchers - Sherlock 2101 - The Bachelor Lipet’s Seafood Company (#111) - The Blacklist The Holiday Summation - The Big Bang Theory Nor I, Nigel, Aka Leg in Iron - Blindspot  Top 10 Audiobooks The Subtle Art of Not Giving a F*ck: A Counterintuitive Approach to Living a Good Life (Unabridged) - Mark Manson Hillbilly Elegy: A Memoir of a Family and Culture in Crisis (Unabridged) - J. D. Vance The Undoing Project: A Friendship That Changed Our Minds (Unabridged) - Michael Lewis How to Win Friends & Influence People (Unabridged) - Dale Carnegie The Final Day (Unabridged) - William R. Forstchen Born to Run (Unabridged) - Bruce Springsteen The Secret (Unabridged) - Rhonda Byrne The Princess Diarist (Unabridged) - Carrie Fisher The Marriage Lie (Unabridged) - Kimberly Belle The Girl on the Train: A Novel (Unabridged) - Paula Hawkins News Opinion Contact Main RSS Comments RSS Facebook Tumblr Twitter Archives Widget Advertise Privacy © Copyright 2002 - 2017 by MacDailyNews All Rights Reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP  
Search Reviews iPhone Android How To Reviews iPhone How To Auto About Best 11 Best Weight Loss Apps for 2017 Best iPhone 7 Cases Things Apple Watch Can Do Android Galaxy S7 20 Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Deals 5 Best Galaxy S7 Battery Cases 8 Best Galaxy S7 Screen Protectors 8 Best Galaxy S7 Edge Screen Protectors 18 Best Galaxy S7 Edge Cases Deals 5 Best Android Smartphones Under $200 [2016] Best Cheap Android Smartphones [2016] 4 Reasons Not to Install macOS Sierra and 8 Reasons You Should Josh Smith12/13/2016 Here are the reasons not to install macOS Sierra and the reasons you should upgrade to macOS Sierra 10.12.2 today. For most users the reasons to install macOS Sierra outweigh the drawbacks, but for the first few months there are important reasons to wait. Advertisement The macOS Sierra update brings more than just a brand new name for the software that runs on your Mac, MacBook and iMac. This latest update adds new MacBook Emoji and other important updates. Apple began automatically downloading the macOS Sierra update to many computers earlier this year and you may see it show up on your Mac unexpectedly. This is prompting more users to install macOS Sierra even though it is not required. Since the announcement we’ve seen the macOS Sierra 10.12.1 update and macOS Sierra 10.12.2 update is now live. Many users are asking if they should upgrade from OS X El Capitan to macOS Sierra or upgrade from OS X Yosemite to macOS Sierra and this will help you make that decision based on your specific situation. Advertisement Here’s Why You Should Update to macOS Sierra: Advertisement Install if you have OS X El Capitan Problems Install if  you have the new MacBook Pro with Touch Bar Install if you need better security Install macOS Sierra for Siri Install for Better Messages & New Emoji Install to Unlock with the Apple Watch Install for Apple Pay on Mac Install to get more storage space back Here’s Why You Shouldn’t Install macOS Sierra; Don’t install if you aren’t prepared Don’t install if you are worried about macOS Sierra problems Don’t install if you use a really old Mac Don’t install if you’re traveling Should I Install macOS Sierra? Here’s what you need to know. The macOS Sierra release date arrived in October, delivering a fresh look and a fresh set of features to your Apple computers. One of the most interesting is that you can now login to your MacBook or iMac with your Apple Watch. This is the first major update since OS X El Capitan. Apple spent the better part of the last year delivering small and important upgrades to OS X El Capitan, which may leave it the best option for many users as we close out 2016. Advertisement After a lengthy developer and public beta period that squashed many bugs, there are still some macOS Sierra problems that users need to keep in mind before upgrading. Users can install the macOS Sierra update and keep their data, apps and photos in place right from the App Store. If you’re experiencing some OS X El Capitan problems, it’s a smart idea to perform a clean macOS Sierra installation and start fresh. The macOS Sierra update is free, but there is no need to get it on day one and the free offer doesn’t end like the Windows 10 free upgrade did. If you are still on the fence, here is a look at the reasons to install macOS Sierra (macOS 10.12.1) and the reasons you shouldn’t upgrade yet. After you learn about what the macOS Sierra update includes and the potential issues you can decide if the time is right for you to update. Advertisement To turn off the automatic macOS Sierra download, go to System Preferences -> App Store -> Uncheck Download newly available updates in the background. If you need to delete the macOS Sierra update that already downloaded to stop the prompts to update or to get some space back you can find it using Finder and delete it. Here’s what’s new in macOS Sierra 10.12.2 that is now available as a free update. Advertisement Improves setup and reliability of Auto Unlock Allows addition of a Chinese Trackpad Handwriting button to the Touch Bar Control Strip Adds support for taking screenshots of the Touch Bar using the Grab app or Cmd-Shift-6 shortcut Fixes an issue that caused the Touch Bar emoji picker to appear on the display Resolves graphics issues on MacBook Pro (Late 2016) computers Fixes an issue where System Integrity Protection was disabled on some MacBook Pro (Late 2016) computers Improves setup and opt-out experience for iCloud Desktop and Documents Fixes an issue with the delivery of Optimized Storage alerts Improves audio quality when using Siri and FaceTime with Bluetooth headphones Improves the stability of Photos when creating and ordering books Fixes an issue where incoming Mail messages did not appear when using a Microsoft Exchange account Fixes an issue that prevented installation of Safari Extensions downloaded outside the Safari Extensions Gallery Adds support for new installations of Windows 8 and Windows 7 using Boot Camp on supported Macs If you haven’t installed macOS Sierra yet there are still reasons to hold off, but not as many as we saw in November. We’ll start with the reasons to install macOS Sierra and then move into the reasons not to install macOS Sierra 10.12.2 yet. Install if You Have OS X El Capitan Problems 1 / 12 Do you have OS X El Capitan problems? If your WiFi is unreliable, your Mac is slow or acting odd, a macOS Sierra update may be just the thing your computer needs. In addition to delivering smart features there are bug fixes and performance upgrades in macOS Sierra as well. If your computer is really acting up, you may want to spend the time to perform a clean install of macOS Sierra. This allows you to start over fresh with no apps or data to mess up your installation. Users that go this route should make sure that they have important data backed up someplace else. 1 / 12 39 Responses 09/22/2016 nameisrequired Reply Nothing is perfect and Mac OS Sierra is no exception. Actually this article mainly talks about the advantages of the new system. But we can not deny that Sierra also leads to some problems like Mac app damage, Safari crash. This article reveal both the problems and solutions. Hope it will be helpful http://bit.ly/2d3d7gE 10/13/2016 Pete Reply >Nothing is perfect and Mac OS Sierra is no exception. Ah the Donald Trump excuse. 10/22/2016 William Collins Reply The Hillary Clinton version…. I don’t know, I forgot / can’t remember / am exempt from the rules normal people have to live by / can’t remember what lies I told ….. 01/04/2017 Chris Reply This shit is cracking me up right now. lol 12/28/2016 Leonard Wichard Reply Hi There, this post is something we call bait. It suggests on Google Search Results to deal with certain issues. Then when reading the post, it quickly becomes clear that this post doesnt deal with anything of any importance. — LG 09/26/2016 Nic S Reply Installed it this morning. I’m now about to uninstall it as there is nothing worth upgrading for. Novelties like Siri and picture in picture aren’t worth the trouble for all the software that Sierra breaks. I’m staying with Yosemite. 10/07/2016 WES Reply Hello. Do you know if there is a way to uninstall El Capitain and go back to Yosemite ? 10/12/2016 Parker Tubman Reply There is a way to go back to Yosemite because that is what I did. I did not like El Capitan. Here’s how to do it. If you did back up before installing El Capitan … : 1. First get a hardware drive with lots of memory 2. Back up your entire computer through Time Machine app. 3. Then when you upgraded Yosemite, go on to Time Machine with your hard drive attached to the USB point on the computer, and select the last backup file with the date that you did the last backup before El Capitan came on your computer. It will have Yosemite on it. If you did NOT back up Yosemite before installing El Capitan … : 1. First get a hardware drive with lots of memory 2. Go on to Time Machine with your hard drive attached to the USB point on the computer, and select the last backup file that you did on your hard drive. If its something older an Older OS system on there you can choose that and not have El Capitan anymore. 09/29/2016 Rob Reply This article if pretty shallow 09/29/2016 Cooper Jackson Reply Is it really even an “article” ??? More like a way for someone to get hits to their site. 09/30/2016 Richard T Fishall Reply Sorry but this article has zero value. 09/30/2016 Chris Burbridge Reply I totally disagree with Mister (or Misus) “zero value”. Very helpful! I will not install. Thanks. 10/01/2016 Bhosadda Reply Lol….early adopters with “Software Update OCD” always get screwed, and yet they never learn….. Just because an OS is released today, doesn’t mean you should immediately install it thinking it’s going to somehow make your computer “better”, or “faster”, ideas of “update” is in your head. Stick with El Capitan, it’s rock solid; as with any OSX update, it’s _ALWAYS_ wise to wait for the second incremental (i.e 10.12.2) patch before even considering upgrading. 10/01/2016 kay ringold Reply The title doesn’t match the content. It doesn’t give any real opinions on the upgrade 10/01/2016 Zac Paul Reply WHAT IS THIS? This article really misses some significant points. And when I say “significant points”, I mean almost every point of meaning. THE BIGGEST FEATURE OF SIERRA, WHICH IS GOING IGNORED BY MANY PUBLICATIONS The biggest single upgrade with Sierra is the pending APFS, Apple’s new file system that will replace the two-decade old HFS+. This is a massive undertaking. You can ONLY upgrade to APFS with Sierra, and you WILL be able to upgrade file systems WITHOUT having to do a clean install. Right now, early 2017 is when APFS should be pushed to general users. This file system has better data integrity, better multi-tasking abilities, is optimized for high-speed flash storage, and offers MAJOR improvements in encryption options. In the future, by using APFS on OS X, this will allow OS X to have a degree of interaction with iOS that was never before possible (currently, as iOS uses APFS, and Mac HFS+, there are some compatibility issues between Macs and other Apple portable devices that APFS can lift.) BRAND NEW OPERATING SYSTEMS ARE ALMOST NEVER AS SECURE AS THE MATURE PLATFORMS THEY REPLACE. As for security, expecting a brand new OS to immediately be more secure than a mature platform is a risky assumption. Beta testing has the limitation that the quantity of beta testers are a tiny fraction of real-world users of the stable version, so beta and pen testing provide valuable data, but there are limited. Apple, like Microsoft, doesn’t drop support on one version of OS X the moment the next comes out. The security flaw you are referencing IIRC has been pushed out to all versions of OS X dating back to Mountain Lion. As of right now, the XTS-AES whole disk encryption used by FileVault2 is secure on all recent implementations of OS X. When Sierra gets APFS, users will have more encryption options, and the potential for greater security. As for general usage, the greatest security vulnerabilities are usually attacking add-ons and extensions in browsers (such as Flash.) Using a modern browser, keeping it updated regularly, using a site like SSL Labs to test a website you are about to buy from but want to know if they use good cryptography. Users worried about security and privacy should consider Little Snitch, Murus, BitDefender, 1Password, good password habits, encrypting internal & external drives, as well as flash & SD cards & drives, and ensuring their use of cloud computing is secure. No operating system can compensate for bad security habits. FIX PROBLEMS BY FINDING AND RESOLVING THE ACTUAL PROBLEM!!! Doing an in-place OS update on a malfunctioning system is like replacing your brakes if you need new tires and hoping that things turn out OK. If you are having problems with a current release of El Capitan, it is unlikely that upgrading to Sierra will fix this and it increases the chance that you screw things up even worse than before. Think about that for a second…you are having issues with a mature operating system that has proven reliable, so you upgrade to a new one with far less known? El Capitan is an extremely reliable operating system…if you are having an issue, you need to determine if it is related to the OS, Apple software, 3rd party software, or hardware failure because the course of action to fix the issue is completely different. A free program such as Onyx can fix many OS issues, and along with utilizing Disk Utility, resetting PRAM/NRAM/SMC, Apple’s hardware testers, and a utility that pulls SMART data from the local drive, you can get a good idea of what is going on and may be able to fix it. If there are issues with severe disk corruption, upgrading without a clean install will not do a thing, and the only application that reliably repairs severe corruption that even OS X itself cannot is DiskWarrior. OVERALL, THIS MINOR UPDATE HAS BIG POTENTIAL Functionally, Sierra is not currently all that different from El Capitan. As El Capitan is extremely reliable, this makes sense so Apple has a solid base for the OS leading us to APFS, where a mid-life update (or what replaces Sierra) may then implement larger changes that makes the interaction between different devices a far better process, with greater ease and improved productivity. Apple also likely realized that with such a rapid update schedule, minor changes to OS X are better than radical changes because reliability suffers with changes as such. Leopard, Lion, (and Mavericks and Yosemite to a lesser extent) all introduced awesome features but had a lot of issues. Snow Leopard, Mountain Lion, and El Capitan introduced few new features and instead vastly improved reliability. MAKE A CLONE BACKUP IN ADDITION TO OR IN PLACE OF TIME MACHINE Before updating, I advise having a CLONE (not a TimeMachine backup) of the disk you are going update. A program like Carbon Copy Cloner makes a superior backup and one of the optimal quality desired should you need to revert back to your older OS without doing a fresh install. Clones can be made bootable, where Time Machine cannot. USING VIRTUAL MACHINES TO TEST NEW OPERATING SYSTEMS SAVES A LOT OF CUSSING TIME If someone has compatibility concerns, consider purchasing VMWare Fusion, Parallels, or downloading a free player. These virtual machine apps allow you to run Windows, Mac, Linux, etc. operating systems on your Mac in an isolated environment. You can then ‘test’ the new OS to ensure it works reliably enough for your needs and has no issues with your older Apps. The $100 or so spent on this software can save a ton of grief, and many hours of your time by preventing you installing an OS, finding it doesn’t work right, and then manually having to downgrade (which still may have issues.) —- So, should someone update to Sierra? As of right now, my opinion is… YES, if: -the need to have the latest-and-greatest ASAP is more important than reliability, compatibility, and security -you want to immediately benefit from improvements made with iCloud -you strongly like the updates to Mail and Messages (IMO they are very minor compared to iOS10) -you love Siri and feel it will be useful for you with your desktop/laptop -you frequently use multi-monitor displays with a MacBook Pro -you want to take advantage of the benefits of APFS (this will apply sometime in early 2017) NO, if: -reliability is the single-most important thing to you (wait until 10.12.1 or 10.12.2, as these updates always address the most significant issues of the first release. -security is the single-most important thing to you (wait a bit, same as above.) -you use a lot of older software that is no longer supported by the Maker(s) -you are not comfortable manually downgrading the OS should Sierra not work well on your machine (also wait a bit.) 10/04/2016 J Reply Josh Smith, Bless you for posting instructions for deleting the auto-download and removing the install notification. 10/05/2016 Kim Reply Major regrets installing this upgrade. My external harddrive is now “read only”. I can’t export any photos to it from lightroom. I have tried changing permissions, etc. with no luck. It won’t let me. Wish I had stayed with Yosemite as I have many many photos to get to clients. Put me in the unprepared column. So discouraged. I guess I’ll have to purchase new external hard drive. 10/11/2016 James Bond Reply Jesus, this site is horrible. Full of advertisements and tracker. Make sure you have AdBlock on guys or don’t even visit this blog 10/12/2016 Candidcomment Reply Zac Paul – your comments are way more helpful than this ‘so called’ article. You should be the writer for gottabemobile. 10/12/2016 Recari Reply Zac Paul totally saved this worthless article!!! 10/12/2016 Dan Reply Thanks Zac Paul ! I appreciate your taking the time to explain pros and cons of upgrading. Very informative, you should have wrote the article. I’m pretty experienced with computers and OS, but still learn new stuff everyday. Your post gave me lots of new things to look up, try out, and think about. 10/12/2016 John Reply Do NOT install Sierra, my 2 year old macbook Pro is useless now, my desktop is empty (lost everything) and I can’t load apps. I am soon pissed, if Jobs were alive he’d NEVER allow this crap. 10/13/2016 Tets Reply Zac Paul. Kudos for your time and labor posting excellent comments on the pros and cons of Sierra. Thanks to you, I decided to wait although Apple is annoying with its constant messages to upgrade. 10/18/2016 Gemma Correll Reply Cant “zoom text only” anymore! What a stupid upgrade!! 10/18/2016 Daisy Reply Hi guys, I have OSX Lion, and every time a new upgrade comes out I am very reluctant to upgrade to them, and had no issues with my old Lion. Two weeks ago I updated my iPhone 5 and now my photos won’t sink into iPhoto in Mac. I tried unlock the iPhone as the popup window would ask, but nothing happened. I called apple support and they told me to upgrade the software to Sierra. And again I don’t want it especially after reading above comments. So I wonder if anyone knows the way to transfer iPhone pictures to Mac? 10/25/2016 jackiebp Reply Worthless article. It does not discuss the reasons not to install. Does not discuss possible conflicts and bugs. This is exactly why you need to PAY professional writers for articles. They do research and write substance. Shame on you. 10/25/2016 Mark Stratman Reply macOS Sierra is a disaster. I upgraded my 2014 MacBook Air, and have spent 3 totally unproductive days trying to get basic tools that I count on every day to minimally work. To no avail. The Apple phone techs are useless. There are no “geniuses” at any ‘Genius Bars’. macOS and Sierra are enhancements for toys, not real-life business tools. If the concept of ‘planned obsolescence’ is now the center of Apple’s marketing plan, then I will end my 30+ year reliance Apple products and buy elsewhere. 11/08/2016 Steven V Reply I have a Mac Book pro with Yosemite, I was wondering if an update was going to give me a lot of new stuff but it doesn’t seem like much there from the comments. I’m sticking with Yosemite. so this was very helpful. 11/10/2016 Hank Roberts Reply Zac Paul – your comments are way more helpful 1 11/23/2016 Ron Reply If you are a fan of VPN, Mac OS Sierra isn’t recommended for you as PPTP is not available to iOS 10 and Mac OS Sierra. I just found it here https://www.frootvpn.com/blog/2016/10/03/pptp-not-available-ios-10-mac-os-sierra/ 12/07/2016 Doralina Hellwig Reply Would it help me with this problem… when i would like too down load a game and get this answer: The Sims™ 2: Super Collection can not install on ”Macintosh HD” because Mac OS X version 10.9.2 or later needed? Tanx 4 answers! 12/08/2016 Cornel Duitriu Reply Sorry I ever bought an Apple in the first place. (Had early problems with key board on BookAir, replaced x2) As for Sierra, nothing seems to work with it i.e. Browser (neither Chrome nor Firefox) Outlook, and most prominently the Parallel Desk (with Win10), even though have updated to latest Parallel. Everything crashes, impossible to complete even this note, .. inordinate frustrations, in trying to remedy things with relatively mediocre skills, but otherwise quite apt, for a non-geek, and it would be certainly insolent of this company to expect me to be under the hood all the time. My cry ought to be seen as an indictment of this Apple Company which is overall sloppy in releasing stuff like this, frivolous and mostly dedicated to ‘social toys’, inconsiderate, and ultimately unserious. Will have to ask Hillary where she got that sledge hammer Merry Christmas to all 12/13/2016 Dave Reply MY concerns with these additional features that Apple so enthusiastically offers are that I have a Macbook Pro mid 2012 machine and it seems to be the general consensus that Apple are deliberately trying to make any machine that is 4 years and older obsolete by deliberately slowing its processing speed down where it becomes unusable which therefore encourages the user to go and buy a new and latest version of the macbook pro. Thoughts on this anyone? (not Apple obviously) 12/14/2016 Allen Reply It’s a useful article – maybe not if you want Rules Handed Down from On High, as it doesn’t do that – it just outlines some problems, some advantages, and leaves it up to us to decide. Fine by me. Me? Oh, I’ll stick with El Capitan for now, for a few months, and see how things pan out. That’s the technique I’ve applied to the past few updates! Cheers. Allen, London. 12/15/2016 Paul Brodie Reply Apple seem to be falling into the Microsoft trap of updating and releasing software updates before they are fully tested, ISO 10.12.1 has brought several problems that were not needed or wanted, Photos CUP usage 100%, why do this?? 12/16/2016 Tina Garnett Reply After installing new MacOs Sierra 10.12.2 I had problems with Safari freezing, when going into Activity Monitor the CPU was up loading fast and memory going over the roof some thing in the background was running fast (but slowing the computer) could not be found why. The wi-fi disconnecting and asking for password , as well as a very slow computer. iPhoto download once iPhone connected had to be download automatically with editing a manual response. I have now switched back to Yosemite and no problems and quick and easy and a fast internet once again. No thanks to Sierra too many problems to thrash out. There is a way to get Yosemite back from Sierra as follows: There is a way to go back to Yosemite because that is what I did. I did not like Sierra. Here’s how to do it. If you did back up before installing Sierra :- 1. First get a hardware drive with lots of memory 2. Back up your entire computer through Time Machine app. 3. Then when you upgraded Yosemite, go on to Time Machine with your hard drive attached to the USB point on the computer, and select the last backup file with the date that you did the last backup before Sierra came on your computer. It will have Yosemite on it. If you did NOT back up Yosemite before installing Sierra :- 1. First get a hardware drive with lots of memory 2. Go on to Time Machine with your hard drive attached to the USB point on the computer, and select the last backup file that you did on your hard drive. If its something older an Older OS system on there you can choose that and not have Sierra anymore. Worked for me! Happy as back with Yosemite! 12/19/2016 DoNotUse Reply even 10.12.2 ist pure bulls** – if THIS ist the future, yozu only will habe problems – and you cannot work with your computer…. but if everybody downloads this sh*** Apple will go on like this…. 12/21/2016 William Reply I have a REALLY GREAT late 2012 iMac 27″, 3.4 GHz Intel i7, 16 GB RAM, 1 TB Fusion drive, NVIDIA GeForce GTX 675MX 1024 MB, OSX 10.9.5 latest And Apple replaced the display FREE last Feb 2016 due to a minor blemish. But NVIDIA are not updating the drivers for 3D and so if I update to Sierra, and run a 3D app, CRASH. No way around it. 12/22/2016 Nomade Reply mail in sierra is totally broken – mis-interpreted attachments, wrong sender addresses, confusion with previously received emails. this os x version is the worst version ever! apple seems to focus on non-relevant gimmicks instead of functionality. how needs hundreds of emojis but email is not working? Leave a Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name* Email* Website Samsung Galaxy Marshmallow Update Info (2017) 01/06/2017 11 Best Budget Apps for 2017 01/03/2017
TechRepublic Search GO CXO Cloud Big Data Security Innovation More Software Data Centers Networking Startups Tech & Work All Topics Sections: Photos Videos All Writers Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Editions: US United States Australia United Kingdom Japan Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Membership Membership My Profile People Subscriptions My stuff Preferences Send a message Log Out TechRepublic Search GO Topics: CXO Cloud Big Data Security Innovation Software Data Centers Networking Startups Tech & Work All Topics Sections: Photos Videos All Writers Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Editions: US United States Australia United Kingdom Japan Membership Membership My Profile People Subscriptions My stuff Preferences Send a message Log Out Software How to install Windows 10 in Boot Camp on unsupported Macs If Apple is restricting your Mac's Boot Camp app to only install Windows 7, gain the ability to install Windows 10 with this quick edit. By Jesus Vigo | December 14, 2016, 11:57 PM PST RSS Comments Facebook Linkedin Twitter More Email Print Reddit Delicious Digg Pinterest Stumbleupon Google Plus Image: Apple Boot Camp has been allowing Mac users to run Windows natively on their Apple computers for several years. While virtualization apps like Parallels or Fusion allow for installing just about any version of Windows to a virtual machine (VM), there are times when the additional resources required to run the host OS and VM could be better devoted to running one OS natively without the performance hit. Certain applications, such as multimedia and CAD or high-end gaming, benefit from as much of the computer's resources as available. With this in mind, running the latest version of Microsoft's OS, Windows 10, has been hamstrung by Apple for older Mac hardware. SEE: Apple products favored by 84% in the enterprise (Tech Pro Research) What's Hot at TechRepublic Top 10 hottest IT jobs for 2017 Windows 10: Ten missing and highly anticipated features due in 2017 Raspberry Pi in 2017: New boards, new OSes and more Inside Amazon's clickworker platform: How half a million people are being paid pennies to train AI While Apple believes this is necessary to ensure that Windows runs stably, the fact of the matter is it's perplexing, as even a Mac Pro from early 2008 with specifications far exceeding the minimum requirements to run Windows 10 is barred from installing anything beyond Windows 7. This limitation is easy to correct. Follow the steps below to get up and running with Windows 10 on Boot Camp. 1. Navigate to /Applications/Utilities and locate BootCamp.app. Right-click on the app and select Duplicate from the context menu to create a copy of the application. In the example, I renamed it BootCamp2.app (Figure A). Figure A 2. On older Macs, when launching your duplicate of Boot Camp, the second wizard screen will have a checkbox titled Install Windows 7. If you see this screen, your Mac is restricted from installing any Windows OS beyond Windows 7 (Figure B). Figure B 3. Quit Boot Camp and launch Terminal.app. Then, enter the command below to edit the plist file, which controls the configuration of the Boot Camp app. sudo nano /Applications/Utilities/Boot\ Camp\ Assistant2.app/Contents/Info.plist 4. Scroll down the file until you find the section <key>Win7OnlyModels</key> and delete the entire section ending in the </array> (Figure C). Figure C 5. To save your changes, press Ctrl+X. At the exit prompt, type Y to acknowledge you'd like to save, and then press Enter to save the file. The file will be closed upon saving, and you'll return to the Terminal prompt (Figure D). Figure D 5. Launch Boot Camp. You may receive a warning message—this is due to the changes made requiring the app to be resigned. Click the Open button to proceed. To sign the code and remove the message in the future, enter the command below: sudo codesign -fs - /Applications/Utilities/Boot\ Camp\ Assistant2.app Once Boot Camp is open, you'll notice the restriction has been lifted, and the checkbox is now titled Install Windows 7 Or Later Version (Figure E). Figure E You are now free to install Windows 10 from optical media by completing the Boot Camp Assistant process. If you lack an optical drive or have removed it in favor of a secondary HDD/SSD, you will receive a warning message when launching Boot Camp that an optical drive is required to install Windows (Figure F). Figure F This was covered in a previous article and requires further editing of the Boot Camp app's plist file, but the end result will be the ability to create a Windows 10 USB installer that can be used with Boot Camp. For more Mac tips and tricks, subscribe to our Apple Weekly newsletter. Subscribe Also see How to edit Boot Camp to install Windows from a USB Flash Drive (TechRepublic) Boot Camp vs. VM when running Windows on a Mac: How to select the best option (TechRepublic) How to create a Windows-based USB installer (TechRepublic) Windows 10: The smart person's guide (TechRepublic) Microsoft anoints Windows 10 Anniversary Update as 'Current Branch for Business' (ZDNet) Comments Facebook Linkedin Twitter More Email Print Reddit Delicious Digg Pinterest Stumbleupon Google Plus About Jesus Vigo Jesus Vigo is a Network Administrator by day and owner of Mac|Jesus, LLC, specializing in Mac and Windows integration and providing solutions to small- and medium-size businesses. He brings 19 years of experience and multiple certifications from seve... Full Bio Contact See all of Jesus's content Google+ themacjesus × Full Bio Jesus Vigo is a Network Administrator by day and owner of Mac|Jesus, LLC, specializing in Mac and Windows integration and providing solutions to small- and medium-size businesses. He brings 19 years of experience and multiple certifications from several vendors, including Apple and CompTIA. Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Editor's Picks IBM Watson: The inside story Rise of the million-dollar smartphone The world's smartest cities The undercover war on your internet secrets Free Newsletters, In your Inbox Tech News You Can Use We deliver the top business tech news stories about the companies, the people, and the products revolutionizing the planet. Delivered Daily Subscribe Best of the Week Our editors highlight the TechRepublic articles, galleries, and videos that you absolutely cannot miss to stay current on the latest IT news, innovations, and tips. Delivered Fridays Subscribe Latest From Tech Pro Research Interviewing guidelines policy Internet of Things policy Windows spotlight: 30 tips and tricks for power users Building a practical chart of accounts: Two sample documents Services About Us Membership Newsletters RSS Feeds Site Map Site Help & Feedback FAQ Advertise Reprint Policy Explore Blogs Downloads TechRepublic Forums Meet the Team Tech Pro Research Resource Library Photos Videos © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement A ZDNet site | Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBS InteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundClickerCNETCollege NetworkGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTech Pro ResearchTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet
Search Reviews iPhone Android How To Reviews iPhone How To Auto About Best 11 Best Weight Loss Apps for 2017 Best iPhone 7 Cases Things Apple Watch Can Do Android Galaxy S7 20 Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Deals 5 Best Galaxy S7 Battery Cases 8 Best Galaxy S7 Screen Protectors 8 Best Galaxy S7 Edge Screen Protectors 18 Best Galaxy S7 Edge Cases Deals 5 Best Android Smartphones Under $200 [2016] Best Cheap Android Smartphones [2016] iPhone vs Android: 15 Reasons iPhone is Better Josh Smith11/16/2016 We’ll explain 15 reasons the iPhone is better than Android with a 2016 iPhone vs Android comparison that includes the newest iPhones and Android devices as well as Android 7.0 and iOS 10. Advertisement The iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus, iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus may not deliver a super screen resolutions, but they hit the right notes for many buyers and with iOS 10 there are even more reasons the iPhone is better than Android for many users. Yes, 2016 brings a plethora of new devices like the Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge, One Plus 3, the LG V20 and other phones that deliver a bigger challenge for Apple — but there are still places where the iPhone is clearly better than Android and iOS 10 is better than Android Nougat. You need to learn what the iPhone does better and how Apple delivers a better experience than Android to see if an iPhone is the best smartphone for you in 2016. Here are 15 reasons the iPhone is better than Android phones in 2016. Use our list of reasons the iPhone is better than Android to figure out which new smartphone you should buy this year. Read our iPhone 7 review to learn what sets this phone apart from the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus. You can buy the iPhone 7 or iPhone 7 Plus for $250 off this month thanks to iPhone 7 Black Friday deals. Advertisement Read: Siri Tips & Tricks Even if you think you know which phone is best, you might be surprised to learn about all the reasons the iPhone is better than Android. iPhone Apps Are First and Better Looking Most of the popular apps are on both platforms, but many top games and apps still come to iPhone first. We’re seeing more apps come to both Android and iPhone at the same time, but there are still way more iPhone only apps that we see than Android only. Advertisement When apps are available on iPhone and Android we still often see a better design on the iPhone version than on Android. This is something that still rings true in 2016. For example we still see some new Snapchat features and Spotify features come to iPhone before Android. Read: Best iPhone Apps Apps are an area where the gap is closing, but the differences still exist and are noticeable. We also see Apple take better care of the App Store. Recently they purged 47,300 apps from the app store that were simply bad or abandoned. Fast iPhone Updates for All iPhone owners enjoy quick and regular iOS updates for the iPhone no matter what carrier they use. Faster updates are available for all iPhone owners. Android updates take months to arrive on all the devices. After an Android device is 18 months old, you may need to wait for a new Android smartphone to get the latest software. Apple delivers iPhone updates to devices that are three years old. Apple offers iPhone 4s iOS 9 support. It is unheard of to see support for an Android phone that old. iOS 10 is available for the iPhone 5. When you look at Android devices support ends much faster. Google promises at least two years for Nexus devices, which means Nexus 6 support ends this fall and the Nexus 6P in September 2017. Google may push farther out, but it is not a guarantee. Other Android device manufacturers don’t typically match the longevity of iOS updates. On top of the added update support, Apple does not allow carriers to hold up the updates. As soon as the update is available from Apple it is available on every carrier. If you really want Android Nougat, you may need to simply buy a new Android phone. Works Great with All Your Devices If you own an iPhone, iPad and Mac your information flows smoothly from one device to the other. You can quickly sync photos to all of your devices, answer a phone call on your iPad or Mac and send text messages from your other devices. There is also support for Handoff that allows you to start a task on your iPhone and continue on your iPad or Mac. The iPhone works great with the iPad and Mac. Overall the connectivity between these devices is something Android doesn’t yet match without relying on a collection of third-party applications and services to hodgepodge together a similar feature. Sharing a file from your iPhone to your Mac is also faster and easier thanks to AirDrop. This built-in service sends the file wirelessly directly to the Mac, even when there is no other WiFi around. Continue to Next Page. 1 2 3 4 234 Responses 05/27/2015 Dave Reply Your article is good but the major and best reason to buy an iPhone over anything else is because it’s an APPLE. You simply can’t go wrong. I own an iPhone 5, iPad Mini 3, MacBook Pro, iMac, and Apple TV. I would not even consider anything else, especially something from that “G…” company which I abhor. I won’t even use their search engine. Same goes for anything from that software manufacturer that, well, just call it “MS). Try calling any other manufacturer for support and see if you can understand what they are saying. I suppose I am bias toward Apple but after nearly 30 years of dealing with computers of all sorts I guess my opinion is warranted. 07/17/2015 gabe Reply why people like iphones? I never understood why anyone would like to give control to another company of what you do with their device. why force u to follow MEDIA SHARING and digital rights media? you cannot torrent on iPhone, nor transfer music and videos without ITunes or a paid online service in iOS. I hate that Samsung s6 tried copying apple iPhone. no microsd slot and integrated battery. CMOn! 04/06/2016 Sai Reply You ever used apple ? 07/05/2016 greentoe Reply http://gtoe.me/l/7A0q-A-04r 12/02/2015 Zombieknight Productions Reply You’re literally so idiotic that you can’t spell the full name of a company. Only Apple, cuz you’re an I sheep. You can go very wrong. If people were smart these days, they would understand that iPhones are unequivocally not the right choice for them. You wouldn’t recommend anything else, because it is too limited and unintelligent to use anything else. Stop trying to influence other people to buy garbage phones and devices 05/12/2016 Nancy Reply Why are u being a hypocrite calling someone idiotic for not knowing how to spell the company name right when some of ur sentences don’t even make sense. Apple doesn’t have any competition be used it is the best phone to get. 07/13/2016 Rona Reply First of all, don’t criticize someone for calling someone else idiotic when you can’t even use proper spelling or grammar. Second, Apple is all marketing. There is nothing special about it. Android offers phones that have expandable memory (and guess who doesn’t?) and better high-speed data services. iPhones die extremely quickly, you can’t use iTunes on any other devices, whereas Android platforms are available on all devices, the picture quality on an iPhone is pathetic compared to Androids, and Apple products are majorly behind in technology. The latest update for an iPhone came out two years ago for an Android. Apple has a set array of things it can do, and you can’t customize or change that. But if you want a high-end technology phone, choose an Android. It does so much more and you can customize and change its features. I have had both an iPhone and an Android phone. 09/14/2016 Abhishek well,mam i am an android user and i would like to say that iphones are the best because when you buy an android first it will give you good performance but after one month it will start hanging and work slow and that is same with every android devices.and their are so many android malware which also affect performance. Iphones are the best, secure and stable. 09/15/2016 Me Stay butthurt, loser ; ) 12/04/2016 jgames “nothing special about it” fastest phone ever 3d touch very good camera looks very nice “nothing special about it” why do we need expandable memory on iOS? gime a few reasons for that. “better high-speed data” give me your source for all this information. iphones die extremely quickly? how? do you even have an iphone? iphones have much better standby and screen on time with heavy usage than android. you cant use itunes on other devices, yes, but ios wants to keep it ios exclusive because their services are one of the major selling points for them. android platforms are available everywhere, but google software is usually preferred to ios software. pathetic picture quality? wut? iphone pictures wont lose quality when you zoom in and support much more colors than any old android camera. android cameras are very nice as well, though. “apple are behind in technology” a lot of people say this but it’s actually quite the opposite. 3d touch was very innovative, its like a ‘right click’ for your phone. the latest iphone update did not come out 2 years ago. you seem like you have no idea what you’re talking about and just spouting nonsense. apple can do a lot of things without customization, but what customization do we really need? people always saying android is more customizable but never give examples, and when they do its “homescreen.” moving home screen icons around is a pretty useless feature tbh android isnt more high end tech than iphone and i dont see how much more it does. you havent even explained how it can in your comment. so please use common sense before spouting nonsense 05/23/2016 Anthony Reply Not very nice. Also, Apple is just as good as Android, theres aspects that one company has over the other, and vice versa, so the best thing to do is just to test out both and find your favorite and use it because Android and Apple’s problems and advantages weigh out each other so it really just matters which one you like the most so just use the one u like and stop arguing. 08/19/2016 Zane Reis Reply I prefer Android because of the coustomization it has to offer. I prefer to be able to change change almost every aspect about my phone and making it the way “I” like it, not the way Apple likes it. I like the coustomization while others find it chaotic, confusing, and would rather it be (in their eyes) simpler. 05/26/2016 Billy Reply Says the one who has Zombie Knight as their username. 07/18/2016 Nate Pauley Reply That’s an interesting rather stupid mindset to have and it makes me reflect on the time I had those same views. It took me 6 years as an android user to eventually realise how inferior it is to iOS. Android is plagued with fragmentation, so much that not even customisation can save it. There should be a term that describes blindsided android followers, if there is one then I’d like to know it. iOS is solid, stable, secure and much more better looking than android – Apple pays exquisite attention to the finer details and they will continuously improve on the irritating nooks and crannies so many people mention in the comments. The best part is APPLE USERS CAN ACTUALLY BE A PART of the firmware updates and have assurance in a better OS experience overtime. I’ve had my S6 for a year and I’ve only managed to have one firmware update that took 7 months to deliver. I can only give credit to android for the premium android devices such as my S6, until then the physicality of a device alone cannot make me shift in the near future. I want a solid experience, not a hollow one. 08/02/2016 Adarsh Reply Hi, Your comparison of iphone with S7 is not right because in case of iphone both hardware and software are developed by Apple and in case of S7 developer of hardware is Samsung and developer of software is Google. I use Nexus 5 phone, hardware and software both developed by Google and manufactured by LG and ipad Air2 by Apple. Both devices update periodically whenever updates are released and I am happy with both. 09/15/2016 Me Reply LOL stay laughably buthurt/beyond tasteless loser Fandroid X ) 12/17/2015 Noah Reply This comment, as well as this article are laughable at best. Coming from a person who owns all major Apple products but frequently bounces back and forth in the smartphone department, I don’t see how any of these actually make the iPhone “better” than android. I would say the only point that is valid is the support Apple has from app developers. It’s pretty easy to see that apps on the iPhone can be “prettier” than apps on android with the extra animations, and quick gestures. However even that is relative, since iOS gives you security and “pretty animations” but gives of freedom and functionality in the process. I still can’t tell you which phone is better, as that all is personal preference and I really don’t care which phone is “better”. I just want a phone that does what I want it to do without too many hiccups (which is why I’ll never buy another Samsung device). For now, I’d say in terms of productivity, the iPhone is great if you are a person who needs iMessage, FaceTime, and the Apple ecosystem to feel comfortable doing work. While I believe most android phones will get work DONE. With the amount of third party apps available to you on the play store, multi window, Google now on tap, and other gestures. I have always felt an android is phone is more a workhorse while the iPhone is king of simplicity. 05/23/2016 Anthony Reply Congrats, you just wasted about 5-15 minutes of your time typing out this article because its not going to convince anyone. Just stick to the one you like best and live life. 05/25/2016 Blake Kersey Reply And what makes you think he gives a f$&# what you think?? 05/30/2016 hello Reply Unless you’re a billionaire you cannot stick to the pone that you wanto 07/30/2016 Avalanche Tsunami Reply Dude, he also has a “Android vs iPhone: 15 Reasons Android is Better” article too. So, he’s not being biased. http://www.gottabemobile.com/2016/05/26/android-vs-iphone-2016-android-better/ 11/10/2016 Pixleboy2 Just because he has another article doesn’t mean this one’s biased 01/06/2016 Leo Keys Reply Why would someone else go with a product by Google, NVidia (I will come back to them), or Microsoft; over that “A…” Company (Repeat)? The reason people would use nVidia over the AMD (god I hate AMD’s Products) GPU’s found in Mac products? They want a more powerful GPU. Apple says that their “PC’s” are better and use top-notch products. Why don’t they use the GeForce GTX 980m in the MacBook Pro? Why don’t they use Quadro cards over FirePro cards? Because Apple doesn’t know anything about Graphics. As for iMac’s I have no clue why some use an i5. Apple products thermal throttle a lot. Android is secure with the right Antivirus programs. It is also much more free to do what ever you want. But, because your an iSheep, you can’t process facts that favor the other side of the grass. Guess your life must be happy, getting råpēd by Apple, every year and paying thousands on eye candy. Why use Google or Bing over Yahoo? Yahoo sucks, that’s why. Face the fact that Yahoo and other search engines are inferior to Google. Apple products are trash and are eye candy for white girls (Starbucks and that stuff). 01/06/2016 Pedro Coimbra Reply Now you have to bring the Nvidia/ATI war? What, the iphone/android isn’t enough for you? Dude AMD cards are equally powerful, no matter how much you “hate them”. Why Apple chose AMD? Maybe prices, power consumption, price/performance ratio, easier to adapt to their hardware, who knows? But a company such as Apple (you can write the complete name, it won’t bite you) so adept at optimization doesn’t make these decisions lightly, they HAVE a reason, one that you *don’t know*, but that’s irrelevant. About the i5, a reason for the apparent lower specs must be because of how streamlined and optimized the OS is, instead of being made to work with zillions of combinations of brands, boards, peripherals. So what you want in hardware to cope with the software, was made achieved with the fat-free software. «Android is secure with the right Antivirus programs», well I guess any system is secure with the right Antivirus programs, isn’t it? but never 100%. How about a system that doesn’t need antivirus, just a little inteligence from it’s user? Android safe… yes, keep dreaming, it’s not as the net isn’t filled with cases of security holes and breaches of android. If you reply to my I advise you right now to not bringing ATI/Nvidia stupid nerdish arguments or sheep mentality, about mobile platforms and geekinesses like that, because I simply don’t have the patience. P.s: «Apple products are trash and are eye candy for white girls» …. LOL… I’m trying to contain myself here… :D 04/21/2016 Vickie Reply I love you 🙌🏼 (apparently I am a white girl who loves Apple and Starbucks… I’m more of a Costa girl myself) 05/23/2016 Anthony Reply Its based on opinion, Apple and Android are like XBox and PS4, they have advantages over each other and problems of their own, nothing is gained over arguing about it because recently Android has caught up to Apple so now its just up to personal preference because they are pretty much at the same level right now. 07/15/2016 quenchybro Reply why does everyone write a full on report about their opinion this is ridiculous 01/23/2016 Maestro Reply hhhh your gr8 especially last sentence 01/23/2016 Maestro Reply Last sentence especially Starbucks hhhhhhhh made me die of laugh 09/13/2016 bestdeals242 Reply Nice 03/21/2016 Matt Reply what search engine do you use Bing lol or internet explorer 05/23/2016 Anthony Reply Who the F-Word uses Internet Explorer anymore 05/03/2016 Thomas Oglesby Reply Are you ok? Do you need help? The only reason you like them is because you a billable fanboy that refuses to try anything else, and just because it’s ridiculously expensive, you think it’s better. I feel bad for you and your Apple world 07/02/2016 popcorn Reply yeap http://gtoe.me/l/7A0q-A-04r 07/06/2016 applefanbois Reply You’re just a douche…applefanboi 07/25/2016 Lana Rae Reply Yes, you have just confirmed what the article ‘why do Americans hate Android and love Apple?’ says. Very sad….. 10/06/2016 Alon Reply Amazing, almost all whats written in the article is wrong. More apps with faster updates??? How can it be if 85 percent of the market is Android, and it much more easier to write an app to Android? It’s not making any sense and wrong. Also other things like sharing things and integration compared to Apple products only. Almost every line in this article is not right. 12/12/2016 Cjros Reply LOL, thank you for making me 100℅ sure that Android is way better than newest IOS. Your arguments are so poor and naive :). The only thing youve got right is the SD expansion, but it is not any issue at all :). Thank you, my hero :) 12/15/2016 Debapriyo Reply You are so dangerously biased towards Apple that some of your words make so sense and are outright stupid. I have no problems with you choosing an apple product but lol. You don’t use Google search engine? Then you are missing out. Their search engine is still the best and most reliable and miles ahead of other search engine options. Google Maps way better than Apple Maps. Every tiny feature Apple introduces in the new version of IOS, Google had it in android 2 years back. I myself love some Apple products and appreciate the high standards of quality they incorporate in their products but please don’t even compare Apple with Google. Apple just makes iphones, macbook and some fancy toys. Google makes much much more and is the spearhead of IT innovation today. Be a fanboy but don’t be an idiot. 06/23/2015 Chris H Reply Some of these reasons for being better than Android phones are oxymoronic. An extended warranty and readily available Apple Stores suggest that the iPhone is prone to bugs and damage. I will stick with my G3 because I know if I drop it it won’t shatter and I won’t have to give more money to Apple either for a case and/or a screen fix. There is a reason there aren’t Android stores out there. Because their phones don’t nearly have as many issues in my opinion. Consider Chevrolet and Honda. The Honda will last and is just as nice if not nicer than the Chevy, which will not last nearly as long and will force loyal customers to buy yet another Chevy. 07/27/2016 eiendiaies your_ufo Reply I would love to hear your comment now about your G3. Android stores are not because android companies dont give a f.ck about costumers, they just improve SPECS SPECS AND SPECS but where is NO improving quality. Why for example iphone 12 megapixel camera can beat sony xperia 23 megapixel camera, why iphone 1500 mah battery last longer than lg 3000mah, why fingerprint on iphone works much better than samsungs? And whats a practical difference between 640p vs 2k smartphone screen? Damn the real sheeps dont understand what apple cares about costumers and they stay at same screen resolutions because they just dont need to improve screens, android companies just keep adding numbers on specs. But where is quality improvment? You say iphone works better because of lower resolution screens, but than why androids keep improving resolutions but forget about older android users? I am ex samsung and LG user, rubbish costumer services, if android die than i must wait couple weeks for replacment, if somethin happen with iphone i know where is apple store and dealing with them in same day. Price stays high for iphone for a real reason. Iphone is not about SPECS, its about quality in every aspect. 09/30/2016 Linked Devices Reply The issue with iPhones that I hated was that the only way you could fix any glitch that would inevitably crop up is by factory resetting the phone each and every time. It’s such an annoying and time consuming process having to set everything back up again. When I made the switch to Android I was really impressed by how stable and self contained it was. Whenever there was a glitch it was limited to that particular app and you could simply reinstall it and it’d be fixed. I’ve never encountered any systemwide issues such as the iPhone misc storage bug that would happen to me all the time with the 6s. Apple does a great job hiding all of its glitches by simply not providing any prompts. Apps just disappear when they crash. It’s terrible. I know a lot of people with the misc storage bug to this day and don’t know it. They just think they’re out of space all the time because they need a new phone.. 09/30/2016 Linked Devices Reply I lol’d at how much superior the author thought the lightning cable was because it was reversible. You have a fifty fifty chance at it if you do it blindly but most cables have a dimple on top to make sure you get it even time. It’s the most versatile cable, it’s simple, affordable and it just works. No one really has a hard time plugging them in, that was an invented problem. 06/25/2015 RuskieBear Reply 90% of these are false 09/30/2015 poopy Reply You’re just a piece of poop 09/14/2016 Trashpple Reply Chill out iRetard. 10/28/2015 jihou Reply your moms false 06/30/2015 phinfankid Reply I’m a long time android user, but I thought about switching to iPhone on my last upgrade. Some of these were acceptable reasons, but most were not. My wife is using an iPhone 6, and I have the Galaxy S6 edge. We both agree that my phone is far superior in terms of speed and screen resolution, but her camera, even being spec-deficient to my Android, seems as good as, or even better somehow. I like your point on the updates all rolling out at once, but almost every other “point” you made about iPhone being better boils down to one thing: lots of your friends have iPhones. That’s it. That’s the selling point, and the basis of this article. “iPhone apps look better.” – That’s completely relative. Lots of apps do look better, but they generally are paid apps that are free in the Play Store. “Works for all your devices” – So what? I thought this was a phone article. Android works with all your crap too. “No Carrier bundled apps” – I dont know how that’s a selling point, but okay, you win. Bloatware is an issue on android. “Sharing to other iPhones”/”Better resell” – Your friends all have them, so you should too. Then you can sell them to other friends who have older ones and make more money. Ridiculous. Yeah, you get a few more bucks for them, so that means you should have an inferior phone? Who buys a phone because of resale value? Preposterous. “Lightning cable is miles better” – My S6 charges from nothing to 40% in 10 minutes. iPhone can’t do that. I understand that the cable may be good, but “miles better” is a stretch. “Apple Stores” – So? I don’t even understand how this is a point in your article. Go to best buy, it’s the same crap. “Touch ID”/”Headphone controls” – Those both work flawlessly on a good number of high end android devices as well. “iMessage, Facetime, blah blah” / “Share apps easily” – All your friends have these, so you should too, or they’ll laugh at you. “Siri works better than Google Now” – Google Now isn’t Siri. That shouldn’t be a comparison. It’s not trying to be Siri. It’s a voice search, and that’s it. Siri works, but it doesnt work “better” than anything else, because there’s nothing to compare it to. If you like having Siri, good. “Notifications are better” – No, they’re not. Android’s notifications work exactly the same. Now don’t get me wrong, I’m not saying iPhone isn’t better, I’m just saying you haven’t proven that it is here in the slightest. Both OS’s are very well made, and the playing field is far more level than any avid IOS or Android user wants to admit. 07/30/2015 Helene Reply Excellent comment. I totally agree with you. 08/07/2015 Sam Reply DONT throw away your s6 edge… get an iphone but if you can use them interchangeably 07/15/2016 quenchybro Reply lol hi sam 10/09/2015 Palbo Reply I disagree. Bloatware is not really a problem on Android; any respectable company will only install commonly used and necessary apps like the Play Store and Gmail. If you are buying a phone that will leave your wallet intact (and still deliver better specs in every single measurable way than an iPhone 6, such as the lenovo k3 note) from a less known company which may allow bloatware, you can easily root the phone and uninstall it. I do agree with your other points, though! 05/27/2016 ZENCKPRI Reply Phinfankid you are completely right. I agree with everything you said. You are probably the only logical person who has commented so far. Also the iPhones storage is just a scam to keep people paying and buying more storage. Unfortunately the Samsung Galaxy s6 also removed the microsd slot, but luckily Samsung got it sh*t together with the Samsung s7, which in my opinion is the best phone. 07/12/2016 10beasts Reply You really explained the situation very well! Loved it. 07/09/2015 D Reply This article compares Apples to apples. Your references to Android are focused towards Samsung (you know the company that makes the screen, processor, RAM, and ROM in most Apple devices). Compared to a more vanilla Android experience, Apple blows. My $200 Zenfone 2 is better than any fruity phone at a third of the cost. With Apple, you pay more for less, but get a pointless logo. 07/10/2015 Scott Reply What about Apples different charger cords? Droids micro USB cords work with any other Android device. In fact, pretty much all phones but apple use it. They want you to need to buy new chargers more often. Apples are streamlined fads also, just like every product they’ve ever released. Yeah, cause being “cool” means getting the same more expensive products all the other rich kids got. 07/30/2015 Helene Reply I had both and I don’t agree with this article. I prefer Android phones over Iphones. I think Apple have better computers, but not better cell phones. 03/06/2016 Firas Bajjar Reply Keep dreaming…. 03/06/2016 Firas Reply Keep dreaming….Apple has better computers you serious? You can do a lot of stuff on Windows pcs while Mac struggles to do one stuff….At least it’s stable and easy to use through…But seriously it’s overpriced shit…You can get almost awesome gaming laptops for the price of a MacBook Air. In fact, iPhone is better than android….Because the mobile era is another thing, it’s called mobile for a reason. It should be easy to use and quick. That’s why Apple wins at this point…Come on get real men you wanna play GTA V on your mobile? No for sure. Apps are even better (which surprises me why it isn’t the same for a Mac vs Windows) iPhone’s are faster than most android phones….But if you compare it to stock original android phones, the iPhone still beats them but not as much as other android phones. Because unfourtantely Google didn’t know how to configure Linux properly but i bet you if it does…The iOS faster than android is a history….Linux is ultra-powerful and that’s why most of the world super computers use it…Because you can tweak it the way you like and you will get an extremely faster performance than Windows and Mac. But Google couldn’t handle it I guess….Even the Java language is much faster in terms of processing but I’m still surpsised why iOS apps are still faster….It’s just another replica of Nokia’s fault with Symbian (Nokia never built a stable Eco system for it until it’s near to death period, which led the CEO to get rid of Symbian because it takes years to built an eco system) 05/19/2016 PABLO Reply Right off the bat i can tell you are a little kid who just bought a samsung and is butt hurt you made the wrong choice, “struggles to do one stuff” he also pays great attention in class shown by how grammatically correct this is (as i was writing this I found this… “The iOS faster than android is a history” WHO TEACHES THIS KID I NEED TO COMPLAIN)! 08/04/2015 Robin Reply Poorly written article bringing in irrelevant points and downright false information. Take your “works great with all your devices” section for an example. I use an android phone and an apple computer, and the two devices are 100% compatible with no need for a “third-party application” or service. Completely untrue information in this section. Also I have texts and all the regular online messaging apps I use from both devices well synced. All data, photos, contacts, music, etc from my phone are stored in a cloud service and attainable through my mac computer and my (android) phone. Also your first section “iPhone Apps Are First and Better Looking” contradicts itself. 07/06/2016 Gretchen Alexander Reply My iPhones have NEVER worked great with my PC laptop. NEVER. And the people in the store aren’t much help either. I’ve wasted hours in there. So I don’t know who the person who wrote this article talked to, but my experience has been awful with compatibility between iPhone and PC. In fact, it’s the main reason I’ll never buy another iPhone. 08/10/2015 Malin Saming Reply Really? Here are 10 reasons you have apples for brains: Android is free, Google drive storage is FREE. 15 gig of files, unlimited photos! Androids voice recognition is WAY better, try a comparison, Siri is like a nagging wife who can’t get it right. Android phones have wireless charging! Android phones built in payment that works everywhere. Not at 3% of stores like Apple payment. Android phone MULTITASK, thats right you can run a dozen apps at the same time while talking. Android phones have sizable widgets, so you have live streaming info on your home screen. Android phones are available in endless formats, not like the communist way “everyone has the same”. Android phones PLAY ALL FILES, iphones only play Mp3’s from itunes etc etc pain in the Apple. Android phones have rapid charging, 10 min = 4 hours of use. Android phones are available with 2 days of battery. I could go on and on but your Apple brain will not listen anyways. You probably have a really nice typewriter that you show off the lack of it needing toner or electricity. There is a reason Android is about 82% of the market and Apple has fallen from 33 to about 12%… In fact the remaining iphone users I know all run Google everything on their iphone anyways, why not get the best hardware too. I look at everything I can and see things for how they are, then I buy the best I can find, if you do the same you will love your new Galaxy S6 8^ ) 12/13/2015 Pedro Coimbra Reply I tried, but stop reading after the «iphones only play Mp3’s from itunes etc etc pain in the Apple.» Just this BS of a sentence already has 2 lies in it. Which shows how much you know what you’re talking about. 08/28/2015 Hussain Reply IPhons are very costly comparing with android phons with same features 07/16/2016 quenchybro Reply ya 08/31/2015 Mark Edwards Reply I like Android though but it seems like iPhone is much more reliable and good quality when it comes to their phones. This site shows the majority: https://ninki.co/android-vs-iphone 09/03/2015 Bent Reply Sorry, but that’s it? Honestly, these are more like 15 reasons why an iPhone user should switch to android as soon as possible. Most testify to the fact that Apple product users are chained together under the apple tree, sustaining themselves on apples only. On top of that they are forced to watch android user eat happily from all the trees in the garden, even apples trees, even inventing fruits of their own. 01/25/2016 Real mofo Reply Your clearly insane 09/03/2015 Lodosa Reply Ja wybrałbym androida: http://logoff.pl/ios/wybralbym-androida-a-nie-ponownie-iphone/ 09/03/2015 GoToHell Reply One of the worst article I ever read. And childish comparison . 09/16/2015 Srikanth Reply I can say something here because I own and use both iPhone 6 Plus and a Samusng Galaxy S6 edge equally everyday. So I think I am in a position to give a fair judgement …or at least decide what works better for me. I have changed over from iPhone as my default device to S6 edge and back to iPhone few times. But I find myself using iPhone 6 Plus more often than S6 Edge…because of these reasons 1. Smartphone is smart because of quality apps. I always found iOS apps looking neater, working smoother and more consistent compared to Android Apps. Just to quote an example…Adobe acrobat reader which i made default app to open PDF files….is not able to open files since last two days all of a sudden and reporting error. Everything is updated but still doesn’t work somehow. But works fine with iOS. 2. Screen of iPhone is marginally inferior to my S6 edge which is stunning. But I don’t hold them near my nose and try noticing pixels. From a practical point of view iPhone screen is absolutely fine. 3. In spite of inferior hardware specs on paper, I can’t deny iPhone user interface is more fluid and smooth. Thats what makes the experience more pleasant for me. 4. iPhone 6s is already launched…I am not upgrading. But know what? Last night iOS9 update was available to my phone. I have already updated to same. Isn’t that amazing? I can’t help comparing my Galaxy note 4, my near stock android Motorola droid turbo.. etc..which haven’t received even 5.1.1 Lollipop when Android Marshmallow is about to be launched in a month. Sad. This alone is enough for me to stick to iPhone as my default device. 5. I havent noticed parallels for some Apps in Android (Drafts, Soulver etc). Which I learnt to use often and liked. I am a fan of some automation apps like Tasker on android which doesnt have an iOS equivalent. But as of now my use of same is less. 6. I guess iOS is bit more secure compared to android against virus attacks and hacking. it IS something important to me in this era of mobile banking and when we keep so much data on Google drive and One Note etc. and hey…Google has made most of its apps available to iOS. I agree my S6 edge is superior in Camera department and pictures look very good. Also usage of widgets is better in android. But after using both OS since last 3-4 years, I am sticking with iPhone as my default and S6 edge for miscellany and photos. This is what works for me. I know others have other reasons to stick to any one OS. I have best of both worlds now but can’t help saying one is better than other at present. 12/02/2015 Zombieknight Productions Reply Updates are an invalid point, because the newest version of iOS isn’t as good as a 2 three year old version of Android 12/02/2015 Srikantha Krishna Reply I don’t agree with you there. Updates are important. They optimise the software, remove bugs and important to plug security issues. Of course Google releases them but only nexus customers get it. Other manufacturers don’t release it in time. Tell me now how many handsets are going to get Marshmallow and when???? 04/25/2016 Sally Fallis Reply So which is less complicated for the over-50 me who is good with words but not pictures? I had to ask a young person what all those little dots and waves, etc., meant on my Ipod Touch. I really miss words, but I realize I am alone in that. Is a Samsung any easier to navigate for (duhhh…) me? 07/11/2016 Iggy Z Reply If you are over 50 you should definitely stick with Apple 1. it is extremely easy to use 2. you can do many tasks without even doing anything, but simply telling your phone to wake you up at 5am, or to remind you to take your pills when you get home 3. you can change the text size and icon size to accommodate your eye-sight 4. you can ask any teenager to help you organize the icons into more intuitive way Microsoft Windows phones are rich on words, but while it would satisfy your need for everything being written – the phone will be difficult to use, and will still contain many icons. So, go with Apple, even an older 16GB model, will still be fully supported, and will work perfectly well, do not get 64GB version, you wont need all that memory. 07/16/2016 quenchybro Reply but apple is expensive 08/25/2016 ermm Reply with android it is much easier to use… you can tell your phone to set and alarm….you can change the text size 10/15/2015 Andras Reply I´ve been an iPhone user for 2 years, recently I bought an Android phone to verify if really Android is superior… After 2 months of testing it, I sell the Android and bought an iPhone 6… This do not prove that iPhone is better, but for my needs, iPhone is totally superior… Android is good, everything is cheap but is not an stable OS… Yes you can have all personalize, but for what? I´m not a teenager anymore so whats the point to have all personalized and change it every week? By the way the output of the sound of the iPhone is really more superior than the output of any Android phone With an iPhone (in music business) is way better you can control lights, console really simple with iPhone and all tech for music is much more easy to sync and to handled on an iPhone… Music business in a MAC is much much easier I love iPhone and I would not change it anymore Like I said I´m not saying iPhone is better for everyone but for my needs yes it is 12/02/2015 Zombieknight Productions Reply Wow! You’re actually dumber than every other I sheep here. IPhone has good sound? Better than any Android? Hahahahahahaha! Have you even seen an HTC One phone? Best speakers and any phone! Ever. IPhone speaker is tinny garbage. The S6 even has the same placement, but sounds much better. Seriously, Google HTC One m8 or m9. Cm8 literally got the top phone of 2014, and everyone mention how good the speakers work. I also got first place cuz it was vastly superior to any iPhone. Better software, better design, better screen, etc 12/02/2015 Zombieknight Productions Reply And please specify what Android phone it was. Otherwise I’ll assume you’re lying because there are so many and you can’t name one. Or you got a cheaper old one. Android high end phones are very stable. Look it up. They’re way more stable than iOS 10/17/2015 Tushar Reply Why r u only talking about iphone 6plus,which is much costlier than androide same feature phones, there are some other iphones had launched by apple like iPhone5, 5s,5c i compare this phones whith 20000 rs android phones where battery of iphones so worst and camera and no memory slot, nevertheless this iphones have more cost than android phones. 10/19/2015 Lu Reply LOL you will not get confused using a LIGHTNING cable? are you kidding me????????? Does this mean that it is designed for dumb people who constantly flip the usb port? is this the main reason! why apple cant for some reason jussssssssssssssssst go with the flowwwwwwwwwwwwwww and use a normal USB port that makes it easier for all humans in the world to share chargers? Dude, i use both systems and i can point out one thing better that most people usually ignore, my Father is blind, he uses an iPhone because tbh the Voice-over mode for iPhone is the best ive seen and used so far. Nothing much..im still happier with an Android. 10/25/2015 floyd Reply There’s no Denying android ports are a p.i.t.a. 11/04/2015 The Truth Reply Lol i laughed my ass off as soon as they said “quick updates” and it showed a 904mb update. Its like we intentionally left out carrier costs, the limited gb storage that iphones have And dont even get me started on “no company bundled apps”. Do you know how much tracking, data mining even occurs with an iphone? Fingerprint bypass? Are u srs? The iphone is for the general public who doesnt know any better just following ignorantly what is popular culture. Android = Professional industry Iphone= uneducated general public facade 07/11/2016 Iggy Z Reply yeah, tell that to all my banker friends who make millions and choose Apple to be the secure choice for the data exchange and storage, go “personalize” your phone, show them all how individual you are, myspace was definitely better than stupid facebook where you cannot “personalize,” so ignorant right? 11/14/2015 GET REAL Reply A PHONE IS A PHONE 12/09/2015 I phones all the way Reply Umm androids suck, I phones are more high tech and aren’t as slow 12/15/2015 jj Reply Android…LOL, joke. 12/26/2015 juststephen250 Reply Are you Sirious? Android is still better. 07/16/2016 quenchybro Reply omg im dieing of laughter 12/28/2015 seblabombe Reply Iphone is better for their OS. That’s it. Fine tuned OS for THEIR phone. NOT AN OS FOR MANY PHONES!!! 01/08/2016 Bob Proctor Reply I use an iPhone. Everyone I know in business uses an iPhone. Everyone I know that has money, taste and style uses an iPhone. All the successful people I know use an iPhone. The only credible alternative in business to an iPhone would be a BlackBerry running BB10. Android devices are for the unemployed and vagrants. Thankfully I don’t know anyone with an Android phone. I don’t want to either! Please only contact me if you use an iPhone and have a job / home. I don’t want be associated with anyone that uses an Android. It would make me look bad. Thanks. 03/03/2016 Jack Reply The fact that u say “Android devices are for the unemployed and vagrants”, just ticks me off. You are what I like to call a dumb ass like every kid I know. You only choose an Iphone because every one else has an Iphone, if not you would of picked android and said Iphones suck, you also don’t even know how technology works bitch, so I would not be talking because there are far more android devices with better specs, and fyi i’m a kid obviously i’m not employed. 04/22/2016 Derp Reply Well then maybe you didnt know what a high end android phone is.. Poor you. 05/21/2016 Cowbladder Reply This post is what makes you look bad. 05/21/2016 Cowbladder Reply Also, aside from your arrogance making you look bad, you have got to be kidding about BlackBerry. I carried the Z10 now carry the Passport with BB10. I only have it because my company prefers BB’s security. But as far as fuctionality, it’s like working with bear skins and stone knives compared to iPhone or Android. The lack of apps and limited integration with other devices is stifling. That’s why I carry a separate personal phone. It’s also why BB is abandoning BB10 and switching to an Android platform. So are you going to cast off your somewhat acceptable friends who carry BlackBerry when their platform becomes Android? They better run out and get an iPhone when that happens so they can still be honored to be deemed worthy of your friendship. 07/11/2016 Iggy Z Reply 1. Android they switch to is FULLY custom and has all google services BLOCKED 2. This is the reason why companies are abandoning BlackBerry due to high maintenance costs and instead make private applications for iPhones which you can only download using a special code, a secure application within a secure platform, cheaper to maintain, more convenient for an employee to use. I completely agree with Bob, Androids are for 12 year olds and vagrants, the paper specs of Androids (factually and historically) are not an indicator of how they perform. And the fact that you think that you are smarter than a mass of hard working high ranking professionals, and that you need to show them all how “individual” you are by always “personalizing” your phone – just shows you are a fool and have nothing to do but to play with yourself on your phone like a kid, I bet you are one of those people who thinks wearing a watch is stupid and unmanly because you have a clock on your phone. 07/16/2016 quenchybro Reply ur insulting me cos im twelve so dont try piggy 01/17/2016 Grace Reply I use an iPhone, but custom built my own PC. I don’t like Android phones (had a Samsung galaxy for a year before switching back) but I also don’t like Apple computers. Honestly? What people buy is a matter of taste. I will never understand this “MUH PHONE IS SUPERIOR!!1” nonsense. Get over it. People like what they like. 07/16/2016 quenchybro Reply id +1 u if this was google plus 01/22/2016 nitya Reply Iphone is just for style for big people.because a middle class man not even can think of that paying 40 to 60k..in that u can’t share,send..if u want I phone u should purchase separately computer for that….what is the use…its better to go for android mobile in 10k..u can get every thing without the computer for small things……if apple things of the people then bring the mobile in there software with all support in 10k budget….then we will come to know which is better….. 01/27/2016 Ricky Reply I would like to reply to BoB really….. I have not one but four cars I own my home five college educated children my wife earns more than me I have a desktop Imac Ipad a Ipod beats wireless ear phones and my wife and I use a Samsung Note 5 and I am not unemployed and yes I could have purchased a Iphone had Iphones in the past but prefer the android phone. Grow up it is a matter of preference stop b n a snub… By the way all my children have either device and yes they are all employed also my BMW can connect to either device……. 04/06/2016 Rocky Reply haha that was really tight slap…. 07/16/2016 quenchybro Reply … u rich boi? 03/17/2016 Shirleyklineberger Reply 340=12m­­­­­­­­­y neigh­­­­­­­­­bor’s ex-w­­­­­­­­­ife make­­­­­­­­­s $83 /h­­­­­­­­­our o­­­­­­­­­n t­­­­­­­­­he int­­­­­­­­­ernet . Sh­­­­­­­­­e ha­­­­­­­­­s b­­­­­­­­­een unemplo­­­­­­­­­yed f­­­­­­­­­or 7 mont­­­­­­­­­hs bu­­­­­­­­­t l­­­­­­­­­ast mon­­­­­­­­­th he­­­­­­­­­r pa­­­­­­­­­ycheck wa­­­­­­­­­s $18929 j­­­­­­­­­ust wo­­­­­­­­­rking o­­­­­­­­­n th­­­­­­­­­e inte­­­­­­­­­rnet fo­­­­­­­­­r a fe­­­­­­­­­w hou­­­­­­­­­rs. fi­­­­­­­­­nd ou­­­­­­­­­t he­­­­­­­­­re…. See More 03/19/2016 Jimmy Justice Reply Jack you are an idiot and a loser! I have an iphone and I hate it! I can’t wait to get the LG G5! And I wouldn’t want to have a lousy friend like you ! MORON! LOSER! 03/23/2016 sheel r shah Reply This article is so immature and stupid. Seriously, apps look better? You couldn’t even come up with a better reason?? I can literally break this article point by point. I would just like to say one thing though as a rebuttal, A NEXUS too receives the ota updates. An iPhone 64gb on contract costs almost the same as a carrier free nexus. I am a galaxy s7 user and the screen quality is maybe 2 generations over the iphone. As for the notifications, I prefer android’s iteration way more than apples. And about the cables, except the s7, all flagships use USB type c Samsung compensates with wireless charging. The battery life on a nexus or an s7 edge is way superior than the iPhone. And hangout video quality is as good as facetious. Also I like the fact that you don’t need to get out of hangouts to make a video call. In iphone you can usee iMessage but then to make a video call you need to get out and go to facetime. I get to play with manual controls on my camera which iphone doesn’t permit. I can literally go all day long about this. Just one actual good point about iphone you could have mentioned instead of the trash is that it has a stronger graphic processor that but by a small margin. 03/23/2016 sheel r shah Reply One more thing. You mentioned sharing. Do you feel ashamed that you cannot share media via Bluetooth?? The most basic mode of sharing? Talking about airdrop please use wifi direct once. Or nfc sharing. 03/28/2016 Stanata Reply Basically what this article is saying is: “use iPhone instead of Android – it’s more easy to use if you’re an idiot!”… lol There isn’t even one reason of those in the article that is 100% true… and almost all of them are complete crap! I mean come on – even monkey can plug MicroUSB and it is “a must” standard in Europa for instance anyway. Let alone that the future is in the wireless charging… And who today is NOT using Viber or WhatsApp? Who needs another messenger? I can continue, but don’t see point in that – the articles like this is obviously paid one. But sooner or later it will be clear at the end – the open environment will always be above the close one, because it is more close to the people! Cheers! 03/29/2016 Dark Penguin Reply I’m not sure I get why the headphones are supposed to be a distinctive selling point. My GS5 came with headphones that offer the same control options. They didn’t last, because we have cats, but that’s beside the point. 03/31/2016 SHERIF SHARMY Reply A few years ago my wife bought me an iPhone after I discarded my Symbian phone. Anyway I started to use this and found out in dismay that I have to have all products to live . Windows used to crash if I connect my iPhone…….it does not like it. Couldn’t do anything without iTunes. Can’t see anything on the phone while connected to Windows except photo. Couldn’t copy my videos at all. Then the account with and once you are inside the prisoners you are under arrest until proven innocent. Luckily the Sony Z1 appeared and decided to get one. In two days I found life with this phone by far easier than that silly apple I was using……..I just gave to a friend without asking for any cash. Good riddance….. I got rid of it at last and never again……….. is crop. 04/03/2016 Fernando Reply This article is an embarrassment to ZDNet. 04/04/2016 Wandacspector Reply Really…!m­­­­­­­­­y bu­­­­­­­­­ddy’s st­­­­­­­­­ep-mot­­­­­­­­­her mak­­­­­­­­­es $74 a­­­­­­­­­n hou­­­­­­­­­r o­­­­­­­­­n th­­­­­­­­­e inter­­­­­­­­­net . Sh­­­­­­­­­e h­­­­­­­­­as bee­­­­­­­­­n unem­­­­­­­­­ployed fo­­­­­­­­­r 8 mo­­­­­­­­­nths b­­­­­­­­­ut la­­­­­­­­­st m­­­­­­­­­onth h­­­­­­­­­er pa­­­­­­­­­y chec­­­­­­­­­k wa­­­­­­­­­s $15118 ju­­­­­­­­­st wo­­­­­­­­­rking o­­­­­­­­­n th­­­­­­­­­e inte­­­­­­­­­rnet fo­­­­­­­­­r a fe­­­­­­­­­w hou­­­­­­­­­rs. re­­­­­­­­­ad thi­­­­­­­­­s art­­­­­­­­­icle… See More 04/10/2016 Veronica Reply !!!Super and Easiest 0nl!nee Home opportunity for all. make 87 Dollars per hour and Make 2512 Dollars per month.All you just Need an Internet Connection and aComputer To Make Some Extra cash. Visit this link…… See More 04/11/2016 Nick Reply Apple: garbage Android: amazing There are ZERO good equalizer apps on iOS, the frequent updates take up all your storage, music quality is horrible, the cameras are never good, I’ve taken better looking photos off a moto G, battery lasts nowhere near as long as an androids and takes much longer to charge, android can turn on instantly whereas an iOS device takes like half an hour to turn on if it’s died, an iPhone will shatter if you throw it at a brick wall, an android will bounce back at you, apple devices cost less than $50 to manufacture, you get charged $1000 for a closed source pile of shit, you might as well go burn a $1000 08/02/2016 Michelle Linn Reply I’m in my 50’s and I have an Android. It’s a Huawei, nice BIG screen I guess they call a Phablet. My younger son has an iPhone 6 plus. I decided to try an iPhone 5s just to see what it’s like. I have 30 days to check it out. So far, the ONLY thing see is the slow motion camera that’s cool and maybe some cuter emogies …I think they’re called. Otherwise….. I’m so far not impressed. My Huawei Android is 16g the iPhone 5s is 16g. The Huawei was I think $200 and the 5s $160 with its VERY tiny screen. My son has a 6 plus and 64g and that would cost me $650 or maybe it’s $650 for the6 plus 16g. Anyway…. Lots MORE MONEY. I guess if you have a lot of music… It’s better but I just have Lots of pictures. I like my sd card for these. I don’t know all the techy stuff and I don’t do Twitter or FaceTime or sharing pics except Facebook and text. I thought maybe some apps would be cooler but so far… I’m not impressed with the iPhone at all. Just my opinion. 04/12/2016 D Dawg Reply smoke weed everyday 07/16/2016 quenchybro Reply wtf!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 04/19/2016 J Corn Reply I knew this article was a joke when his very first reason is “Snapchat looks prettier on iPhone”. And you’re listing reasons why apple is different, not better. 04/21/2016 Anujay Singh Reply Apple optimises the iPhone’s hardware and software. The iOS Is custom built for and iPhone but the android softwares are not built for any particular device or hardware so optimisation is nog as good as in an Apple device. It not about specs the camera which shas more megapixels cannot alone deliver better pictures , a processor with more cores and greater clock speed can not alone give better performence until it utilises the most of it. So as Apple builds it products to its own requirements and deliver better products than android phones. An iPhone has better quality of internals as well as the body and feels premium than its competitors so that’s why an iPhone is an iPhone. 04/26/2016 De'Zsa Smith Reply Currently on my iPhone 6s+, sobbing as I type this. I’ve just got through longingly browsing Google’s Playstore, seeing all the recent updates of my favorite apps and hidden gems that the Apple Store just cannot compete with. Android has some seriously dedicated developers, and I’ve always admired them and even began looking into Android app development. That is… Until I switched over to iPhone several months ago after being a dedicated Android user. I will always be Team Android, hands down. I had a rooted Nexus 5, which means I’m all about customizability, design, testing, flexibility, and freedom. Then I decided I wanted to try something new—FaceTime, great camera, updated social apps like snapchat…you know, the basics. Biggest. Mistake. Ever. Switching over to Apple feels like I’m using a flip phone. Now I’m trying to decide if I should just switch back, or keep this iPhone as a means of communication (don’t know if I’m willing to give up FaceTime with family and friends) and have an Android for all the things I miss. 04/27/2016 weez Reply I just giggle at these articles. Ok Iphone kids, my phone has a webhost, tftp server, a windows deploy share with every iteration of windows going back to w2000, an SMB client, FTP client and host, Tftp server, wi-fi signal scanner, packet sniffer(nmap), a high frequency oscilloscope, a bluetooth HID remote that controls anything bluetooth, a linux/android debugger, point of sale and inventory tracking software(apple has it too but not complete on the phone), and at will I can change my MAC and spoof other phone’s IDs. My phone is a half decade old S2. So I guess if you plan on propping up a desk buy an Iphone, for everyone else that has work to do either grab a toolkit full of different things or just grab your android phone. 04/28/2016 Ken McDowell (@morpheusxp) Reply I don’t understand why it is all Android users say that iPhone users are sheep and that they use an iPhone because everyone else uses an iPhone. The iPhone has less than 20% market share world wide. That means less than 1 in 5 smartphone users have an iPhone. It seems to me going with the herd is more of an Android thing than an iOS thing. Just saying… 05/21/2016 Cowbladder Reply I think it is more because a lot of iPhone users seem cultic. I honestly think iPhone is a high quality product. But I really like high end Androids as well. However, I know people who use only Apple products and make little comments here and there about how inferior ALL Androids are. In that way I think they are like sheep because they have bought into this notion that their are no good Androids and they are operating on a higher plan than non-iPhone users. 05/23/2016 Anthony Reply Agreed. Probably because in the beginning people lined up outside of stores to get the latest and greatest iphone. It’s great hardware, but I can’t get used to a single button. Plus iphones seem to have a higher resale value. I don’t know. I do like how apple updates their devices in a timely manner and no bloatware, etc. I think Android is getting there, but unless it’s a nexus, updates are all over the place. I want the screen of a Samsung, build of an HTC with the battery life of my droid turbo, a headphone jack at the bottom of the phone instead of the top and I would be in heaven. Plus everyone I know say is that a Galaxy? So people in my area associate anything android as a Galaxy. Great marketing by Sammy, but perception becomes reality sometimes. 05/21/2016 Cowbladder Reply Meant to say plane, not plan. ☺ 04/28/2016 Joe Reply iphone has nothing on android. They have a good camera but that is about it. isheep all butthurt because android is taking over the world. 04/30/2016 qwertypop13 Reply So far all my favourite android apps were not available on ios, plus a lot of apps are a minimum of 10 cent cheaper on gpl than on apple app store. I also find it totally ridiculous that iphones need to be jailbroken to undergo any form of customization. Plus who wants fast updates at the expense of severe bugs, them slowing down stuff even more and getting a crappy operating system that hasnt changed since 5 years. Iphones are for people that only use their phones to txt and make calls. ps. I have a $20 alcatel phone and wouldnt ever trade it for an iphone. Buy what you like, but the points on this website are the worst I have ever seen. As far as I know you cant even use iphones to transfer files other than audio and photos to and from macs/pc’s. Apple phones are overpriced by like $500 dollars just because they have a flashy logo which they stole from the beatles. 05/05/2016 anthony Reply I love my android devices. Have I had problems. Yes. More than my wife’s iphone? Definitely. But I tinker with it a lot more than her iphone. I transfer files back and forth from a computer a lot easier with my device. Yes using third party apps but it’s still easier. I have all my music in google play, but use itunes (whole family uses ipods) so I just sync up that to google music and playlists as well. Each device has it’s pros and cons. I have used a rooted tablet to get pure android (didn’t like it) and have an ipad 2 which I love. It’s about choice and I like that we have it. Two points I agree with the author about: Timely updates and bloatware. HTC is bucking the trend to stay afloat by addressing this. Wireless charging is not worth it yet. I much prefer quick charging and new devices starting to roll out with usb-c. 05/07/2016 C Reply The article and ensuing comments are a joke. This is what The internet has come to now days. Let me be clear, I have years and years of experience with Android, IOS, Windows & Linux. I have every certification and more hours logged on to these then most of you. Now that we have established my far superior ability to actually comment here goes. First of all, the people on this blog and on others like it simply cannot help the fact that more people love iphone than android, period. So they make nasty little comments because they are frustrated that in reality they couldnt influence people in high school and they aren’t able to now. Second the android users who get angry at Apple users simply appear to only be mad because they don’t have an iphone them selves. Guys! Really! Let me be clear I have Windows and android and iOS. Iphone for the nomal every day user is PERFECT! Let them be! The android is perfect for more shady people who want to be power users an anarchists or some how feel like they are breaking the law or the rules. That is how android feels and that’s the base line of the os. I currently have an android because I can be one of those more shady people who like to go against the grain. But I don’t like android. Who the he’ll wants to root a phone? Who wants to spend hours on doing something? Not I! It takes me 10 minutes to jail break an Apple as and BAM I’m a super users with a linux based system and am sitting with a very powerful device! They all being said I have an android bc of expandable memory, an IR blaster, and a few other small features. When Apple steps up the game with these I will switch to Apple. Here is one reason why. What is a smart device? It is an item created to make your life as a human eaiser. Apple does that by leaps and bounds! The phone thinks of you like a loyal old dog and wants to do nothing more than serve your every whim. I can tell you the iphone holds up better, know why? Ever had to fix your mom or dads PC? And you think to your self wth are they doing with this thing. We never hear that issue out of iphone. So really is a beast just for that reason alone simply bc the general population can break them by doing stupid stuff. Now on to adress some other stupid comments for people who pretend they are SO smart. Windows is better than a Mac ios! Hum WRONG! Know why? Windows is a dos based crap system with a gui created for the average consumer to use a device. It’s not a damn computer it’s a pretty device to help you numb skulls use paint and word or get on the internet. What is my point now!! Oh yet MAC IOS is FAR superior at least for anyone who actually knows how to use Linux which by the way was and still is the base os on which all other smart software was and still is created. So you pretty little Windows fanboy users, please get a grip because until you stop drooling over your poster size photo of Bill gates and actually learn Linux you know nothing about computing. The really dumb person who commented about Honda’s vs Chevys! Hahaha seriously though? You also probably know nothing right? Honda and GM use the exact same part manufactures which in turn makes both cars CRAP! Research before you comment. Go get what ever phone you want and fanboys of each need to get a grip! 05/29/2016 C Reply Just to clarify a few things for the “people who pretend they re SO smart” Windows has been detached from DOS since windows 2000, It maintains compatibility by running an DOS virtual machine on the NT Kernel. Not all systems are based on Linux, Linux is based on Unix, Mac OS (and IOS) is largely based on BSD which is a variant of UNIX, The Windows Micro-kernel is also partly based on UNIX. For someone who has “years and years of experience with Android, IOS, Windows & Linux.” and “every certification and more hours logged on to these then most of you” you are spreading a lot of misinformation. I personally own all apple products, but have and still use the other platforms, They all have their advantages and downfalls. And although I use a Mac, Ipad and Iphone predominantly I still have moments of frustration when I miss windows, android and linux for one reason or another. 05/29/2016 CC Reply Not the same “C” as above btw 05/18/2016 Nikhil Bansal Reply Great Information. Thank you for sharing it. 05/23/2016 00 Reply i love apple never go to samsung they suck 05/23/2016 Andrapple Reply You’re All Phaat And Stoopid! 05/24/2016 nic Reply apple is just better in very way …. battery , faster processor , better sound quality , the most clear screen and best off is security . just being honest . Samsung along with android are pure rubbish ….!!!!!! I have had android and thanks GOD that I changed cause I realised what is not worth it ……. apple is also better quality you now how it is cause if you drop the phone and the screen cracks that’s actually means its glass where android and sunsung is plastic and ya they look glass I guarantee its a platic/glass . it doesn’t matter if you think android is better because soon Samsung will die out and another android company will take there place then thrive and then fail just like all android companies where as apple is only apple they are actually unique thank goodness there’s at least one cellphone company that is unique !!!. sorry android and Samsung but soon your time will come to a end as no android company will last because they all the same……!!!!!!!! apple you WILL THRIVE AND WILL ALWAYS BE NUMBER 1 !!!!!!!!!!! apple is better and you now it and to all those that don’t now Samsung is 40% down in a lot of countries where apple is only 8% if its that high so enjoy android while its still there ….. just saying thanks for reading my own personal thought as I have had them all…….. 05/25/2016 homepc91 Reply 1. Apple means Awesome….Apple means Cool……Apple means best and good product in your hand…Apple means….Eco-Friendly…..Apple means innovation. 2. Android and Microsoft is copy of Apple 3. Android is copy of Apple iPhone and iOS 4. Microsoft is copy of Apple Mac OS X 5. Apple and Apple Products is much better and Eco-Friendly 6. Apple is always awesome in today…and coming future 07/16/2016 quenchybro Reply …not really 05/26/2016 Kenan Reply Someome compiled a 100 reasons why android is better that iOS TAKE THAT! 05/26/2016 Ramsey Reply What most of us care about is specs, you can have a 6gb ram on android and have the snapdragon 820. But when it comes to the games the android will never be smooth as Apple or faster the performance in apple will always be better. But android will only have a bit better graphics because of its amoled technology 06/02/2016 Jacob Reply If you wanted to make this a fair comparison you’d compare it against Vanilla Android so it’d be the Nexus 6p and immediately your points about bloatware and cable become invalid. Also, how can you say apple doesn’t come with bloatware? Have you tried removing the stocks app recently? What about file sharing, have you never heard of Android Beam? Or the fact almost every flagship has a fingerprint scanner now? This is the most poorly written, one sided piece of crap I’ve seen in a long time. How do you even have a job? P.s. I own a Nexus 6p for private use and iPhone 6s Plus for work and they’re pretty much equal in every way except for the Nexus having a better screen, free apps, faster charging and longer battery life. 07/16/2016 quenchybro Reply +1 lol 06/03/2016 alpharidley9098 Reply This article made me laugh pretty hard. I just love the reasons they give for the phone being better. Now 1 thing that is always MORE important than ALL of these is the actual phone. Also, those apps that come with the phone, it depends on what you are getting… Also, you do know apple is making a switch to MicroUSB right? Humph. Seems like just in this 1 paragraph I have already made better points than this article. Anyways, phone-wise, androids are almost always more powerful than an apple phone because of the fact that iPhones are never equip with a good core or a good amount of RAM. They slow down quite quickly and seem obsolete after a few months. Yes. Months. I have had my Moto G3 for awhile and it is still ultra fast and has no technical issues. 06/03/2016 Jens Lipponer Reply problem with iphones is that u need itunes etc.. and too many permissions. I like to just plug in and drag and drop files…. I don’t give a monkey’s behind whether apps look better or what not. let’s be honest, price wise the iphone is beaten every time. there is just no bang for buck. I laugh at people who buy these things for the show off appeal as I know they are getting ripped in a rather large way……… 06/08/2016 Mohamed Faizul Reply I used android for 7 years this is my first iphone 5s bought two years back From the day i bought this iphone till now regularly i m browsing in website that why iphone is better than android, why iphone is better than android,why iphone is better than android,why iphone is better than android but while using android i m much okay with everything…. iPhone is simple best for call ,messaging ,camera with instant speed though its two year old device … But not more than that In android its like sea u can do lot lot more than iphone but not as quality standard reliability fast easy as iphone . 06/09/2016 Ryan Reply Has anyone thought that maybe iPhone is more simple than Android simply because the staff aren’t smart enough to produce anything more complicated than simple? It seems obvious to me. At least Android screens don’t break when you drop the phone on carpet like iPhone’s do. There’s Applecare because the iPhones break like a window hit by a baseball because the whole phone is either thin aluminum or covered in glass (which is a hazard if the glass shards cut you and potentially make you bleed out). The aluminum iPhone’s are currently being made of bend in your pocket! They’ll need some high quality flexible glass and easily bent straight CPU (without anything on the inside being destroyed). By the way, for the vibration thing on Android you don’t have to input password or anything just click the power button and hold down the turn down volume button for a second or two and that’s it. 06/10/2016 Shaggy C Reply So your reasoning is half “It’s popular” and most the other half is comparing apple features to the bad features of a multitude of android phones? The whole usb bit is quite a stretch too. You’re just another iSheep. 06/12/2016 11112222 Reply android is way better than android its an open source os which means you can customize everything literally and you can’t say that ios is better than android because snapchat looks “prettier ” what are you? 5years old girl. and apple users are like a bunch of sheeps. apple never lets you do anything without their” ok” and many other that makes an apple device less than an android one in conclusion android is better than apple 06/13/2016 useyourIQ Reply its very funny coz all of them are WRONG :D XD Please use a droid phone before you write an article about it…. XD Droid phones are better :) i have droid and an apple for my job. Apple slow, makes mistakes, bad battery, compatibility is a SH*T, this phone is a JOKE for this prize :D I am so sorry but if anyone pay for this device, get a “L” tatoo to your face :D LIKE LOOSER :D 06/15/2016 Terry Reply I’ve got a Samsung galaxy a3 2015 it’s full of bloatware and half the stuff on it is for s6 or higher I can’t remove it almost 6gb out of 16 has gone with all the preinstalled apps it taken up 10gb before I can use it why do Google feel the need to mash up my phone with apps and cap il not use I’ve never owned an iPhone and I am saving up to get one as android is just not for me any more and apple have got software and apps I have always taught android would have but they won’t pay apple to get yes Google offers services for free but 99.9 of them come with viruses and it screws up your phone as for security it’s all third party apps APPLE SEEMS TO BE THE PIONEER OF SECURITY AND SOFTWARE THAT IS SIMPLE PLUS A PHONE YOU CAN PAY WITH AND PLAY WITH JUST MY THING BUT THE PRICE PUTS ME OFF £439 as a pose to £155 but I’m still undecided 06/20/2016 Bengt Mattsson Reply The worst trap you can get into is to be dependent on Apple. 06/21/2016 Victor Clay Reply iPhones made a big impact, but now they don’t know what to come up with next. It’s sad because Apple prides itself with innovation but releases the same type of phone every year. The only good use for iPhones is this now: http://www.bedbathandbeyond.tv/Home-Kitchen/Will-it-Blend-iPhone-SE/6667598–66090423 06/24/2016 Manash Reply People who don’t get hold of an iOS device are the ones complaining about them. For people who say iPhone is not worth it is because you can’t afford it. 06/28/2016 Adam Reply Many times i’ve seen android users commented about iphone negatively in some case when it’s the iphone article they would show up and get involved on the otherhand i’ve seen a very view ios user commented the articles about android. So we may conclude lots of ……… 07/03/2016 Charlie Drac Reply I’m so late to this party, but I HAVE to comment.. I do not care what the name brand is. It could be called Android or robot or Apple or peaches or dog poo. All I care about is having a good phone that can do the most. Phones are expensive. I’m not buying a brand name. I’m looking to buy something that has everything it could possibly have if I’m going to spend that kind of money. You’re “reasons” show good things about IPhone, but are not “reasons” as to why it’s better. IPhones are good phones. People like IPhones because it’s a trend. It’s popular. That’s it. IPhones are not even close to androids. Be truthful. Androids are mini-computers. Literally. IPhone is not. You can do 100 more things with Android that you cannot do with IPhone. The That is the truth. And Apple products are a lot more expensive. Why would anyone pay more for a phone that gives you less? It boggles my mind. Android has variety. There are many, many phones, companies, styles to choose from. They even offer cheaper options that get the job done. They have an SD card slot. Why would anyone dish out $100’s more for more storage? That SD card is yours forever. For future phones or other devices. You can plug your phone into your computer and save(on the phone or SD card) anything (music, photo’s, video’s, contacts) and it’s yours. Without having to go through ITunes or anything else. Apple doesn’t own my stuff. I own it. And I can customize anything I own. There are IPhone stores for these little nick knacks. Transferring files, contacts, etc. It’s like going to a car dealership. One side has a variety of great cars. The other side has one car that is the most expensive. You see that all the other cars have a ton of features, options, colors to choose from, engines, horse power, cylinders, 2-door, 4-door, SUV’s etc. You ask “what’s so great about this lonely more expensive car tht only comes in one model and doesn’t have these other options?” The saleman replies with “Because it’s popular”. 07/06/2016 Gretchen Alexander Reply Yes, this! I agree 100%. 07/04/2016 Emanuel Reply No some of these staments are wrong android has a mode that will change you load out to make it simpler and look like apple cameras so much better its not even comparable iphones are rhe same every year android is some thing different like the edge and note you clearly didnt do your research i use to love iphone and thought it was the best and galaxy/android suchs but when i swiched ill never go back to an apple phone 07/05/2016 greentoe Reply http://gtoe.me/l/7A0q-A-04r 07/05/2016 Sam Smith Reply I just smell a whole lot of fanboying and bias. 07/06/2016 Gretchen Alexander Reply I’m astonished at some of the reasons listed why iPhone is supposedly better. I have two iPhones now, a 5 and a 6, that I can’t get my photos off of onto my PC laptop. I’ve gone into the Crapple store more than three times and still haven’t gotten them off. My idea of HELL is the Crapple store! I hate that place. There’s hardly room to stand and then you end up being sat at a table waiting with a bunch of other frustrated people waiting for a tech to help you. Of course this is after you make an appointment, or in my case last time, two appointments. I don’t see that as a plus at all because not only is going there a royal pain in the ass, but then they don’t even offer much help after several hours. My iPhone does not recognize as a drive when I plug it into my PC. It used to, and then stopped. I don’t want to have to use iTunes to transfer photos or music. I want to just plug it in and have it be a drive and copy whatever files I like back and forth. It does not work; and I’ve spent, literally, hours trying to get it to function that way. I also have a pretty complex DSLR camera and yet it is still easy as can be to transfer the photos from the memory card onto the computer. So why can’t a supposedly user-friendly phone just do the same thing? I seriously hate my iPhone 6 so much I wanted to shoot it, except I discovered it’s worth a good bit of money still so I’ll sell it on ebay. 07/09/2016 Joey Reply A lot of childish responses from android fans here. I gave the nexus 6p and try for 2 months after my old iPhone broke. Hardware was great, but I found on this android phone the app integration and interoperability to be no where near as good as an iPhone. Apple is just better when it comes to form and function. Buy an android if you want to tweak it forever and play in a sandbox, buy and iPhone if you need a productive phone. 07/10/2016 Colin Reply Your comment may not be childish but it is not correct. Comparable Android phones have far better form and function. Take the iPhone 6s plus verses a Note 5 or s7 Edge. The Apple is bigger and heavier yet packs has a smaller or same sized screen as the Samsung’s’ yet has far less features. Both these phones are far more productive, can multi-task properly, be fully customized and allow widgets on lock and home screens for speed, convenience and ease of use. The Note even includes a stylus or pencil. Great compact design, fully featured and greater functionality (Android) vs Heavy outdated bloated hardware with mid-range specs and limited functionality (IOS). Not to forget the limited compatibility of iPhones and lack of choice! 07/10/2016 Chris Reply There are facts, then there are opinions. 07/10/2016 Colin Reply This article is a disgrace, misleading at best. Most of the reasons are just not true or highly debatable. 07/12/2016 Benito Paul Reply congratulation all of u commented on weather iphone or android’s is the best In my point of view it may be any phone that is android or iphone. If we had a phone that should meet our requirements.Requirements means each and every people has different requirements in case of security,memory capacity and so and so. Hence apple or iphone buy any thing because all are vanity, “vanity of vanities” 07/14/2016 aileen Reply I’m someone who switched from android to ios but this article is utter bullshit. Yes, I love my iPhone and i’m so glad I switched by my samsung galaxy 4 was nothing but shit lately but these arguments in the article are dumb as hell. Lightning is better than micro usb? excuse me, what? my iphone takes ages to charge (iphone 6) whereas my s4 charged within an hour. i don’t see how that makes micro usb bad. but well my iphone battery lasts over a day and my old phone could have never. sharing location isn’t hard on android since almost everyone uses whatsapp bc imessage doesn’t exist on android and whatsapp has a location sharing option so that argument was dumb. yes, apps do look prettier on ios but i don’t see how only that would be a reason to switch?? this article clearly comes from someone who has only owned apple devices and doesn’t even know what they’re talking about, if you really want to prove a point you need to ask someone who has used BOTH of the things you’re trying to compare otverwise you’re just gonna embarass yourself. just saying. 07/20/2016 KappaPride Reply Why are you guys even arguing about this? 07/24/2016 George Reply The major advantage iOS has over Android is that Apple designs the phone and software. Whereas for Android (open source) other manufacturers have to play with it to get it to work and sometimes it’s not fluid. Take the Nexus phones for example…they just work like the iphones. No bloatware..nothing (like the iphone). Majority of my friends have iPhones and sometimes I wish I did too because of MMS (iMessage). I used both and I hate that i have to use itune for everything but it is what it is I guess. 07/24/2016 Landry Reply I’m 8 years experimented developer for iOs devices and I say that Apple releases so frequent updates because iOs is just a stone age OS to fool iOs users that Apple works seriously behind their products. It must run to compete Android OS. 07/27/2016 Aza Reply Best to have both. I have an Se and G4 best of both worlds 07/30/2016 Bob Reply So many things piss me off in this article but specifically stood out Notifications I have no idea with this author is saying he obviously hasn’t seen an android phone, they are exactly the same. Lightning vs. Micro-USB Micro-USB usually charges everything from headphones, to power banks, and of course cell phones. And multiple times to insert it is an absurd comment, after about a week you’ll probably memorize which way it goes, and how do you insert it incorrectly more than once. And USB type-C is just starting to come to the mainstream that’s why it’s not on everything. Storage Why do people even buy the 128 GB version, not to get apps but to download media like pictures, videos, music, etc. I agree with the statement about how sd cards are treated but there’s a much more simple solution, buy a larger storage option. Sharing purchased content Sign into the play store with the account that originally bought the content, install it, then sign out. Problem solved, and if anyone says “it’s more convenient” think about how often you might actually purchase something that costs actual money, I’ll bet it’s probably less than once a week. And it doesn’t take long to sign in and then back out 08/14/2016 Adso Rossi Reply I love iPhones. They always have nice designs and I like the simple interface. I have been itching to get an SE with its smaller dimensions (I like small phones). Money is not a problem to me but as much as I really want one I will stick with my Android device. Why? Cause the compatibility of iPhones to Windows pcs are real bad or none. You’d say “get a Mac” but I can’t: too many programs I need that unfortunately are only Windows-available. If this one single point of compatibility would be addressed, the iPhone becoming as compatible as Androids, I would get that iPhone SE in a heartbeat! 08/21/2016 nathanlittles plays minecraft Reply Who the hell needs iPhone I can name 100 reasons why Android is better but I’ll just name 20 1. Freedom 2. Apk 3. More sizes 4. More colours 5. Waterproof phones 6. Big and small tablets instead of the HUGE iPad 7. Clear cache option 8. For apps and also all the app store apps 9. No need for jailbreak but if you root you’re device will have no restrictions :D 10. Notification swipe 11. Google now 12. Google maps instead of the crappy apple maps 13. Multiple users feature 14. SD card storage So you don’t run out of storage easily like on the 16 gig iPhones (128GB or even 256GB) 15. Pattern unlock 16. There’s everything on Google play store even GPS spoofers to do the Pokémon go spoof in like 2 seconds 17. Unknown sources option 18. No need for an apple I’d all you need is a Google account which is way easier to set up and use 19. Get apps that are not out in your country easier (Pokémon go) 20. Android sounds better then apple 08/22/2016 Jim Reply This article made me so angry I must go punch a kitten. It’s an interesting psychological phenomenon, our emotional ties to brand loyalty. It’s as if the device we choose to use says something about who we are as people, and there is some ancient war of two types of people being waged through our genetics. Apple users are like Yankee fans, Android users are the goth kid outsiders. And the war rages on. 08/30/2016 Deleau Clément Reply Hi. Please kill yourself. Thanks 09/05/2016 Krishna Chandran Reply The guy who wrote this sounds to be a one eyes man to me….. He is fond of his iphone and may have seen some android phones, but never used any. Then he decides to write an article called iPhone vs Android and iPhone wins!!!! Good job 09/10/2016 John Ivay Reply Some of these are true but Oh God some are just so, so wrong. Like, the notifications. Android is wayyy better. You clear all at once or swipe. It combines like notifications that you can separate. It allows to interact with the notification and app without opening it and its just, way simpler and cleaner. 09/10/2016 Nigel Nderi Reply Let me settle this. Choose an iPhone if you are incompetent or are ok with a company controlling you’re phone completely. Choose an Android if you want to be able to enjoy the latest technologies and can competently manage it’s abilities without whining that it takes more than half a brain cell to use. 09/11/2016 Josh Mcduff Reply Just read all the comments and wow it’s all he said she said. I’ve had my Nexus 6p which btw one poster said it’s Google made nope huewei or whatever. Point is not the same, for about a year now and I’m now getting the iPhone 7. Are the specs pretty damn similar? Yes alot of the same features? Yes update often? Yes Nexus gets all the Android ones first like Apple. Price? Actually the 7 is less than the Nexus by about 150.00 CAD sooo that defeats the argument about price… Just saying. I love my Nexus but I’m open to changing. Ice bounced back and forth alot between Android and iOS can I say one is superior to the other? Absolutely not it all comes down to does it do what I want it to and can I afford it. 09/12/2016 Lee Reply All good and well people love free stuff but free stuff comes with a price of selling your info to the uncontrollable thirst party. iPhone also offer easy printing option than android you have to download something that will ask you to upgrade by paying just to use your printer no way! Also iPhone helps stop third party apps that try to use your phone making phone calls example if you are searching for nearest restaurant Google will show the call number to the same restaurant but when you try to call instead of calling direct the parasite apps like whatsaapp, text… And more they pop up asking you to use them making a call while they can’t function without your service they bug you each time taking away the time you spend trying to make a call. If you’re in a hurry and these app try to suggest you use it think how buggy this is. The same applies to text messages. 09/15/2016 Jada Reply Have u really owned an android? There are many many more possibilities and helpful apps that came with my galaxy s7 edge and i love it alot! So many more features and charging is so much faster and the battery life is amazing 09/15/2016 Ryan Reply You are a stupid retard Apple isn’t better than android. Apple has had to recall their product so many times because people died from the battery exploding. And with Apple every 3rd phone they stop making updates for it. Android always has updates for their products. Plus Apple owes the government 37 billion dollars Android doesn’t. The iPhone 7 that is coming out is a total ripoff. They copied Samsung. Apple has never made a crack resistance screen and a waterproof phone. Samsung is simply better. 09/17/2016 Rob Doyle Reply I completely am for people having their own opinion, that being said I disagree with the title of this article. That being said without any bias coming into play here, some of the points that the author was trying to make aren’t true or aren’t completely true. 1. “Works with all your devices”… The real title should be works better with all of your APPLE devices. The examples in the article are all apple examples. The author obviously has no experience with android or windows. 2. “Faster Updates”…. Compared to what android device? You can’t just say that Iphones get updates faster and compare that to all android phones. The way that this section was written made it sounds like the day an update is release for Android, nine of there phones get it immediately like the iPhones… this just isn’t true. If you have a nexus you get updates as they are released (just like and iPhone) There is a bunch of other examples that just show the author has no experience with android devices, I’m just going to keep this short. People will choose what they think is best for them. My issue is with the author, not the opinion. All the argument were completely based on opinion and not facts. People are going to read this and take it all as fact, instead of doing research and finding the right device for them. 09/18/2016 Jonathan Masters Reply I have both an iPhone 5 and a Galaxy S7. While there are some advantages to the iPhone, there are several reasons why I just can’t make a permanent switch. First, no home screen widgets (like my calendar and agenda). Sure, you can add something like that to the notifications screen, but that involve swiping, as opposed to right on the home screen. Second, it’s so difficult — even annoying — trying to organize files on the iPhone. On an Android, it operates exactly like a computer should (and our phones really are computers these days), with folders, subfolders, etc., so you can just copy the files to where you want them for later use. You can’t do that on an iPhone, where all of your files go to some mysterious and deep “collection” on the phone. If Apple were to add those two features, then I’d happily switch away from Android. 09/21/2016 de Coulon Thierry Reply I wanted to try an iPhone, so I got an old one. I could simply not install anything because everything on the AppStore has moved to iOS > 7. I could not bring a single file to the phone. All it would do is sync with iTunes on my Mac, but there is nothing to sync because I don’t use this Mac for everyday life. The iPhone I got did not have any smart way to save battery. The iPhone I got could not play any of my music because a) I could not upload it and b) I could not install anything that would play ogg files. The iPhone I got was heavier, thicker and less good looking than my current Sony. So OK it was an old iPhone, but 90% of what I say would be true for the latest iPhone, and at what price! If you live in the Apple world, then an iPhone is probably the logical choice. I live in the Linux world and now I know I’ll never take another look at an iPhone. 09/24/2016 Jim Washko Reply Worldwide stats – Android users 82% vs IOS users 18% There’s not enough votes to even tilt the scale towards IOS being better. Being as the story indicates Android phones are only good for 2 years that makes them more expensive. How can IOS users explain why 82% of the market would rather pay more for less?, if that were in fact true. Iphone offers less control, poor resoluion, no expandable memory and not all phones can share the same apps. Android offers all of it as well as compatible with Windows whcih is currently at 80% of the market share. This is like comparing the Yugo to Prius. Sure the Yugo is cheaper at first, but after a year of so, not so much. Iphone resale is more, but that will drop due to fewer and fewer users as they get tired of the box of crayons with only black and white as an option. when they can get the box of 64 and a sharpener 09/24/2016 Capi Reply Is this all a big joke? You keep saying “iPhone is better than Android” about ten times in the article, like a mantra we have to learn and assimilate, Am I the only one who noticed this? I have and iPad, and iMac and I used iPhone (4, 4s and 5) I am familiar with both iOS and OSX but actually I have an Android and installed Windows 10 on my iMac. OSX is a good system if you like simple and easy interfaces, I don’t really have any problem with it, is a really good system once you learn to do things that are diferent with Windows, like formating drives with Disk Utility. (And if we forget how difficult could be for some people to use drive formats like NTFS in a Mac) But iOS, thats another story, Apple manufactures iPhone and developes a OS which works perfectly with that device, which, supposedly, makes it safer. There ends all iOS and iPhone REAL advantages. There are a lot of reason to say Android is better than Android, but the main reason is that you can freely add and delete files from it. I connect my Android to my computer, I press “Windows key” + “E” and immediately I see all my drives and my Android device there, and I can drag or delete files from it. But when I connect an iPhone I have sync up files with iTunes. Why the hell people think synchronization is good? For example, I spent one week adding all my music from CDs to my iTunes library, then I synced my iPhone and… voilá, my music was there. Then my computer died, and my music adquired during years with my money was completely lost, just because I didn’t buy it to Apple. But hey, music was still on my iphone, but NO, I need a third party program, which costs money or could be a malware, just to upload my songs again to a new computer. (Of course I have all my CDs, but thats a week lost) Im simply asking you to do like me if you can, just try everything, because if I read this article (iPhone is better, iPhone is better, iPhone is better…) I have the feeling that not everyone, but many people conform with iPhone. Just for popularity, for Apple fanaticism, or just because a website is telling you to buy it with superliminal advertising. 09/26/2016 wgallagher142 Reply I actually find that android apps have become much prettier and definitely more modern than iPhone apps at this point. Twitter, Facebook, all the google apps, as well as plenty of others have better looking designs on Android now than on iPhone thanks in large part to material design! 09/27/2016 Simon Reply What a crock of misinformed shite 09/28/2016 Eugene Reply ANDROID IS BETTER Really. Devices cheaper, but they have similar power with iPhones. And it’s open-source, you can customize it all over you want. I installed CyanogenMod ROM for my Xiaomi device, and it runs faster, and i can set any proceesor mode for any time. And I can watch anime on it and play Hearthstone all the same time! Check out my cool article with android vs ios, where android is better: http://vironit.com/android-vs-ios-what-is-the-best-platform-for-mobile-development/ ANDROID IS BETTER MIC DROP 09/30/2016 Gio Reply I actually like both but there are two things that make me stick with Android phones: 1) the compatibility with Windows. I plug the phone to any pc or laptop with Windows and I can access and modify the memory and sd card just like you do with an USB flash drive. 2) probably my favourite Android feat: if I don’t like a new update for an App I just download the previous version (you can get the whole updates hystory as .apk files of virtually every single app found in Google Play on the web) and there I have my dear older version that works so much better for me. This “roll-back” possibility is just pure gold. 10/01/2016 don Reply Blackberry rules 10/03/2016 B BALL Reply F**k all of you stop writing huge ass stories and go back to 1st grade to learn your grammar and if you like android the os systems are freakin names of candy!! 10/07/2016 Scuba Turtle Reply I can do all of this with my Andriod plus a lot more that an Iphone just cannot do. 10/16/2016 Sally Fallis Reply This is for Charles Alden. If I could have 1/50th of your technical expertise I would be overjoyed. Meanwhile, I’ll just be glad I chose a Samsung. At least I got that right. 10/07/2016 Majid Reply None of these arguments accounts for any good reason to buy an iPhone except argument number 1. Android can do these equally or better. I have been a heavy android user till date until yesterday when I bought iPhone 7 plus. I own an iPad since two years. I am happy with my iPad which I use mainly for games and some handwriting. Yes I was annoyed from android. I owned s3. It had, due to some reason, a built in issue which I only realized after warranty finished. My faulty s3 obliged me to hate Samsung and android. Then I bought note 4. It solved all my problems I faced on s3. But still there were some things I did not feel good about. Now after purchasing iPhone 7plus 128 GB I understand the power of google. The three apps Google search, google maps and google drive are enough reason to close down iPhone factory from the face of earth. 10/10/2016 BM Reply Thinking to upgrade from s5. Thought for iPhone 7. But it can not do even 5 % work compared to android. My andrioid mobile automatically silents itself when I enter meetings or office. Automatic meeting mode when meeting is scheduled (only beeps) I can give my mobile to anyone to see coz I have app specific fingerprint. Only sensitive apps are protected. All other is open. These are not possible with apple except jailbreak. These are just samples. I can write journal what android can do. Speed is not important with a Ibrick which can not do anything smart. I’m not a fan of apple or Samsung. I want my work to be done and my pocket secretary to work according to my requirements. 10/10/2016 Charles Alden Reply 15 reasons why Android is better. Reason number one, you have an actual file system. Anyone who has dealt with iOS horrendous file management paradigm appreciates the ease as at which files are accessible in Android. You simply click on Open, navigate to where your files are stored, select, done. There is also never any reason to use the Share function except when sharing data with the internet. Number 2, multitasking, iOS’s multitasking absolutely sucks, especially when you compare it to Android. Example, I can stream a film to my TV wirelessly, while compiling an application via a remote terminal, while downloading a 40GB file directly to my NAS drive which is mounted as a local folder, while I convert a media file to .mp4, while I play N64, 007 Goldfinger using a replica N64 USB game controller. I’m able to select my own default apps, so when I download a file and click open, the app that I normally use for that extension opens up automatically. I have a global search function, which is one of the worst things about iOS, how do you find files. That was rhetoric, you can’t, it’s basically hunt and peck. I can customize voice commands, this is perhaps one of the coolest things about about Android. I have around 250 custom voice commands, mostly for searching files. Such as, “show me all file [file extension] created on [date]. Even photos, show me all photos from [city] on [particular date/month, years], even for a particular person , “show me all photos for [name] on [particular date/month, year]” External display support, when am connect my phone to a monitor not only is the resolution fully supported but so is the aspect ratio. Mouse support, while connected to a monitor I can use a mouse and a keyboard. Even when not connected to a phone, having access to a mouse is an absolute must when using a tablet as a laptop. USB peripheral support, so besides mouse support, my phone supports a TB external HD, HP All-In-One printer in which the scanner even works, USB replica game controllers in which a have one for the N64, SNES, Sega and PlayStation. Better overall specs, I have a 2K AMOLED display, 6GB of RAM, USB C, SD Card reader, HDMI out support, etc. I can use a custom desktop LDPI, I changed my LDPI to 380 which is the LDPI that activates tablet mode, which means all of my apps are a lot more powerful than the normal phone UI ones. I can customize my entire system to what I want it to be, give it personality, iOS users have been using the same system UI for the last 9 years. There is absolutely nothing I can’t customize. Inner app communication is a lot better, since iOS has a Walled off prison, or so called Walled Garden, apps communicate via API’s, which is the root of everything wrong within iOS. Anyway as stated above, I don’t have to use some half assed sharing function which creates a copy of the file your sharing every time you use it to open up my files within multiple apps, I simply click on Open. I can even open up the same file within multiple apps at the same time. I never, ever have to create more than one file, I just use the original file, always. I can use Linux under a Chroot, meaning I have a full Debian server running under my phone. Why would you want this, well first of all I have CLI applications like; Python, Perl, PHP, MySQL, Apache, etc. I have all of my favorite Linux GUI applications installed like; Dia, Inkscape, Gimp, BlueFish, etc. I can use my phone as a desktop computer, this one might sound weird but not only is it possible, it works incredibly well. Especially when my phone has 6GB of RAM and a Qualcomm 821. Like I said above I have all of my favorite Linux GUI applications installed in which a bring them up using a xterminal, when I’m at work I have access to about a hundred different Windows applications via a Citrix client which works fantastically. All of my applications including the ndroid ones are opened up in individual windows, so none of that dual app view non-sense. In which in iOS less than 0.5% out of a million plus apps actually support. I have access to widgets, they might not interest you but they are extremely handy. I can use wireless chargers. I can use custom ROMs, even completely different OS’s like Ubuntu Touch, SailFish, etc. I will never, ever not be able to run the latest version of Android. When a manufacturer stops updating their phone, no problem, I just install a custom ROM and they work fantastically. My phone is a computer, a real powerhouse, a real smartphone. Every time I use an iPhone I absolutely hate the experience. I mean even to type a post like this I would have to use a text editor as I would be afraid to loose all of my work as anytime you switch to another app, Safari just resets. It has happened to me numerous times, it’s why sites have started saving drafts, not for the Android users but iOS users. Though what bothers me the most is the lack of multitasking, yes, sure, there are a few apps that can run in the background but they are far and few and none of them are the ones that I need or want to use. Than there is the file system or I should say lack of, dealing with files IOS is simply a complete nightmare. Anytime someone at the office who uses an iPhone gets sassy with me about having an Android phone I simply ask them to show me their user directory, what, you can’t mount it, why not, your phone is so great. Not only do I have my remote server directly mounted as a local directory on my phone but my workstation and all of my cloud services as well, all accessible within any app installed. Again, my phone is also my desktop computer and why not, it’s not only powerful enough but more than capable. I couldn’t believe how horrible the external display support was on my iPad Pro, which I recently replaced with a Lenovo YogaBook, best decision I ever made. Talk about a complete makeover on how I work, I’m actually productive now. I can create detailed reports, all in the background and automatically, I have access to a scripting language, automation, multi-user support with OpenID to access my firms internal network, a real Office suite, MS Office for iOS was a complete joke, there isn’t even a import feature, scripting language, nope, database support, nope, by the way, I have the Android version. Which opens up every app under their own window, iOS’s dual app support on the iPad Pro was a joke, hardly anything supports it and that drag and drop feature, only apps designed by the same developer can use it, so MS Word to MS Excel yes, MS Word to Apple photos, no, useless. Yes, my post is huge, but this authors best 15 reasons why the iPhone is a joke. Almost everything listed I have on either my Yoga Book or new Xiaomi Mi 5s Plus or don’t need it as it’s a waste. In fact 90% of the so called new features in iOS 10 are useless. I held on to my iPad Pro thinking iOS 10 would be a game changer, not only was it not, but there wasn’t a single feature that improved my experience. Apple keeps skipping over every feature that we actually want, need. If your happy with multitasking, file management, the fact that you can’t select your own default apps, lack of customizations, horrible external display support, lack of USB C, limited NFC, horrible USB peripheral support, especially mouse support. Horrible inner app communication including the Sharing function in which took Apple 8 years to even release that crap, ugh, the list just goes on and on and …………. 10/11/2016 Gigi Reply This is one of the most biased articles I have ever read on complementing Apple. I am an adult, I don’t need Apple to limit what I can do with my phone and what I can share and who I can share with. I have used Iphone before and it surely not my cup of tea. 10/12/2016 Emma squire Reply Okay Listen what I think is that you have written an article telling the blank truth of your mind. But you see I have an iPhone 6s,iPod 5,MacBook air, MacBook Pro, Samsung TV with built in smart tv, Samsung galaxy tablet pro and I don’t mind Samsung to be truthful. Also I find that Apple is more easier to use but harder to switch from an iOS device to an LGphone. Emma squire, 11y/o from Aus. 10/14/2016 Babble Reply Let’s face it… I use an android lollipop but after comparing and visualizing the specifications.. One can truly say that iPhone is way more better than android. ..though we need to invest some bucks unlike android phones. 😀 10/14/2016 Huen Reply iOS is superior to Android. I was suckered in buying 2 android devices the samsung galaxy s3 and the nexus 4. I gave it a try because my friends raved about android. They are smart people who generally have great advice and knowledge on technology. So I said I’ll give it a shot because they have good judgement. However I found out that their judgement were out of biased hatred toward apple. Android devices: 1. on paper they have more ram, sometimes quicker cpu clock speed, higher resolution etc. however real life performance tests apple out scores android devices, just check geek bench and speed tests. As for higher resolution our eyes dont even detect the larger resolutions. 2. I found out the hard way, downloaded apps that just didnt work for my device. Google needs to improve this I dont know if they are better now but man they need to detect the hardware your using and tell you ahead of time before you download and install an app that its compatible with your device! 3. customizations my butt!! Its a great idea so called if all your launchers actually look good! haha I tried all these loaders for my s3 and they were all ugly. Just go with apple, its like saying would you hire great designers for your house and you would just let them have their way in designing the house for you or would you want to design it yourself? doesnt make sense look at xiaomi great example they just copy everything apple does and it looks great. Dont hire cheap designers to design the way your phone looks and works. 4. OS – android’s solution to everything is “oh just download this app to make it work or oh just kill this task or reduce brightness or this or that” why?! If I’m paying 1k for a phone why does it not just work? Why must I non stop have to tweak things on my phone to get save battery or make things work? For instance for whatsapp there was no function built into the app that when I want to send a larger video than that of the given limit on a video it just rejects it. On iOS whatsapp gives you a little function that u can just cut the video into segments and send them in separate messages? This sounds like it can be something that is on the app level. I dont know but as for end user experience its just not convenient you need to download another app that will cut videos in segments for you this is retarded. 5. battery life just sucks on android – and my friend is all like well it works for me…well that’s because he had to buy a new battery that was double the size and totally threw out the idea of having a sleek thin phone. Theres on and on the list goes android and samsung devices are not superior devices. The features samsung lovers speak of are just gimmicks. Keyboards, widgets, notifications honestly who cares? Especially when widgets just take down performance on your phone? I just dont see any benefits on android especially the argument went something like this: “oh android phones are cheaper for superior hardware” Like I said hardware maybe superior on PAPER but in real life benchmarks iphones outshine samsung and htc and other top tier android devices. By the way prices are not cheaper anymore so android fanboys have no actual argument. Like I said I tried android and they are not superior phones both hardware and software. Aesthetically Android phones are ugly. You now pay a premium price on sub premium products, and they explode. lol 10/20/2016 Jamezz_ Reply Sure. A Samsung or LG’s phone software is ugly. But stock android?! Android 6.0 stock? It’s an extraordinary interface with origami-style apps. The geometry with the shadows and vibrant colors is beautiful. The app drawer is simple, and you can put the apps you use on your home screen. Android’s advantage is software. iSheep are just too autistic to use it. 10/16/2016 Cmi Reply I have both! I have an iPhone for work and I have an Android for my personal use, in my opinion the phone is shit and could not compare to the Android in any area,i f it were up to me I would NEVER own an iPhone. Anybody who argues this point has never used them side by side. No comparison.anybody who stands in line for the new iPhone is absolutely getting the shaft and not even getting the best product , it’s laughable! 10/18/2016 George Brite Reply Great article. Over the years I’ve had both. Even a couple of Macs. I use PC’s now because I like being able to work on them and build my own. For the average user the I Phone is a better choice. They are simple and work well. Here’s the big negatives for me: The hardware and software are proprietary. In fact the phones are sealed. You can’t install an extended battery. No SD slot. No root access. Comparable Android phones cost a lot less. The Android phones natively work with Google Apps. We use our phones in the business. If I were a casual user it wouldn’t matter if it were a Trac Phone or an I Phone. We use the Google phones and Motorola phones. They run pure Android without all the carrier bloatware. I like to say Apple invented the smartphone, but Google perfected it. It’s like the choice between a toaster oven and a microwave or a full commercial kitchen. Most people will get along fine with the toaster and microwave. They don’t need a commercial kitchen. But, what if you could get the full commercial kitchen for the same price as the toaster and microwave? Everyone has an opinion about which is better. But trust me when I say this isn’t a choice between chocolate and vanilla. There are very distinct differences between the Android and Apple phones. 10/21/2016 ZinicHD Reply Wtf, apps never ever releases on iOS first. It always releases on android first. Also app updates releases on android first, so that’s kind of bullshit what you are saying. The only thing iOS beats android in is security and stability. Also you can get virus scanners on android, so that thing doesn’t matter. And one thing more, who ever uses FaceTime or iMessage, when we have messenger, Skype ect… And that point when you said that iOS stock apps was the stupidest crap I have ever heard. First of all it was a shit point, what are you gonna need the looks for? Second is that not everyone thinks it look better, so keep that mind. I am a iOS user and I am so disappointed that you can’t even customize the most of the things. I have to admit that the design of iOS is pretty nice, but you get quick tired of it. That’s why I jailbreaked my device to get the ability to customize it more professionally. But I don’t compare a android device and a jailbroken device, because jailbreaking is not something that comes with Apple. iOS is also very expensive compared to android devices. And checking storage on android is way more organized than iOS, so I don’t know where you get that idea that checking storage on iOS is better. 10/22/2016 Bent Vanwijnsberghe Reply the lightning port part is bs i have an iphone (looking for a new phone android) and there are around me on my desk already 3 micro usb and 1 lightning port witch costs around 40 bucks for a new one 10/25/2016 Selenia Reply Terrible article by an obvious fanboy. You are listing many things, like lack of carrier or manufacturer bloatware, reversible charging plug, seamless sharing, etc and saying they are exclusive to Apple. Try Googling USB-C, the current standard on any higher range Android, some still cheaper than an iDevice. Try a Nexus, or as of this year, Pixel phone. No bloat, Android as Google intended it. That would be a more fair comparison as those are at least close in the chain to Google, like an iPhone is to Apple. That is, instead of being made by some company who may not even care how it represents Android, build quality, and other important things, instead of pure profit(not say all non Nexus/Pixel phones are bad by any means, but some do give Android a bad name with poor specs and modified/outdated versions of Android). Seamless sharing? Ever hear of WiFi Direct, Bluetooth, or NFC? NFC is the simplest. Just hit share and tap. All but the cheapest Androids have that these days. Anyways, I am convinced you have never used a decent Android, ever. Certainly not one from Google themselves. I will leave you to tend to your iFlock. 10/30/2016 MzJens Reply For android, I think google products like nexus & pixel are much better than samsung. However, I noticed a lot of crappy apps available on google play that doesn’t work. Some apps require root access which only advance users should do. Android interface is not as intuitive as iOS. Some android apps hang. I’ve never had ios apps hang on me 11/10/2016 Pixleboy2 Reply “You have to try multiple attempts before putting the charger in at the right angle” 1. If you do it in a lit environment you will get it in first try because the micro USB shape is easy to see 2. If you are in the dark: And have an official Samsung charger – there will be a “bumps letting you know which way to put it and the only thing that can go wrong is you missing the port, which is possible on iPhone too. And have any old micro USB – there are two, normal, ways to insert it horizontally upside down and horizontally the correct way both 180 degree angles so please don’t exaggerate it. Finally Samsung cares about you that’s why they use micro USB. This may seem weird but basically to legally make a lightning USB cable you need a licence from Apple and Apple only have their own unique charger to earn more profit, that’s why apple chargers are always more expensive, because they are sold by Apple or the retailer needs to make his money back from the licence fare. P.S. Samsung devices come with a 1 year warranty for free and because it’s Samsung you can get cheaper insurance than their one (yes they have one) P.P.S. Sharing has always been easier on android to anything because you could share with a variety of options such as Bluetooth, NFC, messaging app, other third party apps, S share (Samsung own “air drop” that came out in Android version 4.1.3 BI7 – before Ios 7 Also the settings icon is useful, it’s like apple not making the send button on messages 3d touch to send so you don’t accidently press it, sure sometimes you send half written messages but it is more convenient and normal to have it to a single normal touch. And there is a difference between apps looking better and having more features on Apple which are usually hardware based, I just brought this up because no matter who you ask if you compare a Samsung phone with its equivalent iPhone generation, Samsung phones ALWAYS have better displays and MOSTLY have better cameras. Samsung phones are also very comfortable, for example I am writing this on a Samsung galaxy s7 edge There is a setting that allows the micro sd card to be added as side by side storage Finally Samsung has always had earphone controls so either I read it wrong that you said these are things we will miss very much or you are really confused 11/12/2016 Tetsuokenpachi Reply Each and every single of these are false. Android is actually better in every single of these areas. From the first to the last one. Worse yet, many of these points are actually some of the very reasons why idevices absolutely suck. 11/16/2016 Billy Sastard Reply apple is crap, these idiots make their products so expensive, but android is cheaper and has alot of awesome features.android is also WAY more customisable, with out necessarily rooting your device.And if you do, you can do almost anything from installing apps to changing your software. 11/16/2016 Calculadora Gestacional Reply I think both of them are just great! 11/16/2016 Caleb Reply The update can still download on older Apple products, because I have a IPad 2 that came out in 2011 and it still receives all of the latest updates. It is running IOS 10 right now. 11/16/2016 saurabh Reply Been an exclusive apple lover for 7 years now. But just bought an edge 7. Was amazed to see how much progress android has made and makes my iphone look so limited. I am aware that android tends to slow down over time but that is yet to happen to me. For now the openness of android is amazing as it is giving me a computer like experience while iOS still strictly behaves like a mobile device only. Classic hurt points being in iphone /iOS being No expandable memory No dual sim version (i travel internationally and need this frequently) Unable to use lastpass like apps the same way as in android (and keychain is BS, BTW) Simple things like themes unavailable Very less system wide control Very limited customisation I can go on but i think unless my expensive edge can give me same performance as now for ATLEAST 2 years, i’ll eat my words back But, the 15 points mentioned here are almost all very unconvincing. 11/17/2016 Philip Reply Apple are just simple phones no really fancy stuff I have had two Android phone I love their features but not their battery life which is crappie I have had two Apple iPods and two iPhone they were the 4 32 GB & 5s 64 GB now on Android your apps get updated every 3 months on Apple sometimes twice a week IOS updates are twice month at least I bought my iPhone 5s 64 GB which started with iOS 7 in 2014 now it got iOS 10.1.1 it seems the IOS are getting worse not better it freezes crashes most apps lot of the app you can’t even post two year let alone one day old photo I can get on my Samsung Galaxy S3 with 3 year old photos on it and post photos off it to any app only reason I like the small iPhones I can collect lot photos that way I can post to my apps like now I got over 106K photos on my 5s 64 GB which you can’t do with big phones only problems I got with iPhones are updates on apps and IOS’S like this month iOS 10.2 supposedly be coming out it seems the new IOS’s don’t really fixing any problems you get on your iPhone it just give you different problems while you still have the same old problems you also got figure Apple iPhones are about 3 years behind Android phones on new ideals 11/18/2016 Nick Reply Apple!? WTF, guys?! Why spend money for NOTHING…!? Every China’s for has a better hardware now… 11/18/2016 ameile Reply …til I looked at the draft that said $6074, I have faith that my father in law was like they say really taking home money in their spare time at their laptop, there dads buddy had done this 4 only about ten months and recently paid for the dept on there cottage and purchased Lotus Elan………. see this link…………. http://www.atanycost.tk 11/21/2016 Keely humiston Reply you show some amazing logic for both iPhone and android. i highly appreciate that. but sometime i felt iPhone best and sometime felt android. mainly it depend on users attitude what is she or he like or comfortable to use phone. this is my thinking. 11/23/2016 Faris mog Reply Hurrah…!Super and Easiest 0nl!nee Home opportunity forall. Make 2512 Dollars per month.All you just Need an Internet Connection and aComputer To Make Some Extra cash.Visit this link……….. =======► More Detail 11/24/2016 Daniel Thompkins Reply The author has no idea of the freedom of open source OS. From the moment you boot up ios, there are restrictions to what you can do with your phone. Can you flash IOS9 to iphone4s? Guess what, my old galaxy s2 is already running marshmallow like a charm and i think both of them were released in the same year. and i am in the process of flashing Latest nougat 7.1 cyanogenmod version on my s6 edge. You are writing about malware crap which is misleading. New android versions since lollipop allow users to modify app permissions but i think you are so caught up in app constrained ecosystem, you didn’t noticed. IOS isn’t secure anymore as we thought it was. Su vulnerability has already been fixed and there is no more stagefright bug in android. And you obviously have no idea about the difference between android based phones and android phones. Most of the Phones from samsung, htc, sony etc run Custom Android based OS, They are actually custom build port of android, not real android phones, so obviously there will be some issues too if you try to port IOS on samsung. A high end smartphone can go head to head with iphone in each and every aspect. My s6 edge is not even a tad slower than iphone 6, in fact, it performs even better. The slowdown overtime can be experience on low end smartphone. Obviously the one writing this comment has no idea about fstrim. Stop posting such nonsense crap in order to get traffic to your website. 11/25/2016 ashford Reply I have never once had a problem with android phones, but decided to switch it up as IPhones are the ‘in thing’ It was okay for a few months, but soon started having plenty of issues with speed, memory and doing basic things. I decided to upgrade it to the 7, which turned out to be just as bad. For the price, they should be giving people something amazing, not mediocrity! P.S. How much did they apple pay you for such a bad article. 12/03/2016 Brandon McLean Reply You didn’t mention how Apple has a much smaller battery, late software updates, unneeded restrictions, is insanely overpriced, and most of all, Apples processor specs come in at a fraction of what Androids of the same price have, AKA 1.6 GHZ (Apple iPhones) vs 2.4 GHZ (ASUS, Galaxy S7, OnePlus all running Android), 2 GB of RAM (Apple) vs 4 GB of RAM (Android). Android is by far the superior technology. Your only argument is that Android uses Google’s superior sharing system, rather than their own like Apple does. 12/14/2016 Keith Llewellyn Reply For me, it’s all about security, and Apple has the best. Also, if you buy an iPhone you get updates and support for a couple of years more than Google provides for it’s own Nexus or Pixel phones. Two years worth of updates for the OS and Three years for security updates FROM THE DATE OF FIRST INTRODUCTION is totally inadequate. It means that you have to buy a new google phone from the date it is first available in order to really benefit from the updates. 12/27/2016 Apple Marketing Machine Reply Let’s compare the “core” features of a new iphone to a 2 year old android phone: iphone 7 plus – Released 2016, September Samsung Galaxy Note 4 – Released 2014, October iphone 7 plus – 1080 x 1920 pixels (~401 ppi pixel density) Samsung Galaxy Note 4 – 1440 x 2560 pixels (~518 ppi pixel density) iphone 7 plus – Quad-core 2.23 GHz Samsung Galaxy Note 4 – Quad-core 2.7 GHz iphone 7 plus – 12 MP camera Samsung Galaxy Note 4 – 16 MP camera iphone 7 plus – Non-removable Li-Ion 2900 mAh battery Samsung Galaxy Note 4 – Removable Li-Ion 3220 mAh battery okay…you can have your “better looking apps”. 12/28/2016 MACKabiVIPer42 Reply Yes Android phones are better everything wise but iPhone battery is better last as long as up to 3 to 4 years Samsung last up to 6 months I know had S3 and HTC 1 still got S3 3rd battery it’s just iPod on second iPhone first one was iPhone 4 32 GB lasted 4 years got iPhone 5s 64 GB it’s over 2 yrs old but don’t use for taking photos just for collecting photos which small iPhone can collect up too 100K photos like my iPhone 5s I’m not SELFIE PERSON where I got take photo of my self in every window mirror and bathroom I love stealing other people photos like Anime ladies in bikinis to post on my other apps even Animals if they are cute enough yes Apple do make there apps crappie and there IOS’s also which crashes and freezes a lot then half time you can’t post photos or articles from your e-mail too the apps but I take Apple for small phone over android big phone 12/27/2016 Bas Reply This brought my iq down by 10 points, iphone users aren’t bothered by that because they dont have any iq points to lose. This list is pure “i don’t like it so that means android is bad” and “its apple so whatever it does it’s genius”. if you’ve ever ACTUALLY went from crapple to android (unlike 99% of the comments here that say they have but in reality… well) you would notice a LOT of improvements over crapple. 1: The price to quality ratio is MUCH better that apple’s. 2: More customisation options. Unless you count changing your phone cover as “customizing”. 3: It’s not apple, so it’s better (see what i did there? I did the shit apple fanboy’s do) 4: No dumb “inovations”. 5: Simplifying things and making something that takes 3 seconds isn’t better, Sony, Samsung etc focus on more important things to improve. 12/30/2016 Joe Reply iPhones are more compatible with other devices if you have an iPad and Mac. But if you’re like majority of people and have a Windows computer that’s a lie. I installed iTunes once and my computer was never the same again. It was slower and crashed more often untill I uninstalled it. With Android you don’t have to install anything to put music on your phone. 01/02/2017 Dusty72 Reply This post is really interesting, but why it is on 15th place in google’s search results. It deserves to be in top 5. Many webmasters think that seo is dead in 2016, but it is not true. There is sneaky method to reach google’s top 5 that not many people know. Simply search for: pandatsor’s tools 01/03/2017 Marcelino Reply I’d have to say if you think the last iPhone was 2 years ago then you know nothing about it. I have a android galaxy tab 3 and the iPod 6 generation and if I was to choose which is better it’s definitely Apples product and I never would get an android again. When I got my android new at Walmart it couldn’t even get the latest version, it was completely unbelievable. After I had it for 3 months it slowed down on me and its battery life is horrible. Now when I bought this IPod new I’ve had it for a double the time now and it works like new and best of all it can get the latest version. The quality of Apple is way better. In my opinion the iPhone is the best visual quality I’ve seen yet. Ive done some decent gaming on them and if you want something to save your progress then forget android, because not all the game link to your google play account so if you reset it the ones that don’t link are gone. Unlike apple I haven’t had any issues with it. I’ve lost decent money and progress on android because of it. Yes Apple does come out with the newest technology a bit latter then android but you can see it it a good way or a bad. The bad way would be that their slow, the good way you can see it as if their watching googles failing parts and their making it better. 01/03/2017 Marcelino Reply Also I can see you all are fighting over this topic which is pretty stupid. To be honest you can’t necessarily compare them. Everyone is different so everyone is going to want something different. If we all wanted android or we all wanted Apple we would become robots. If you wanted to find a phone to get then get into inside detail to see what your looking for. If you wanted fun texting and want to be more secure then go straight for apple because they got the best for that but if you wanted fun lock screens or be able to put micro SD cards and changeable batteries then go for android but let me remind you that anyone can take the SD card out and take your information. Hope this helps. 01/04/2017 LOREN FOK Reply people will buy iphone just because thats what everyone else has they dont even know what they are buying. They think because its popular its the best choice..all robots who don’t think for themselves 01/04/2017 farafit Reply i read almost every comments and keep deciding what should i buy: an android or iphone. i own android for 8 years now (from the era when sony ericsson still existed) and got so accustomed to it. i changed devices for 4 times during the 8 years because i want to get spec updates regularly. i love the fact that it is very simple in android: you can buy any android device you want and you will feel like you never changed your phone. contact, picture, apps, music will all still be the same as in the old phone. i heard that iphone is more stable compared to android so i am thinking of switching but i am genuinely scared the switch will cost me more: i will have to buy new headphones, mac (because many say that iphones does not connect well with pc), and i am very clumsy so i’m scared of scattering my iphone screen and will need to pay more to repair it. my husband owns a 4s and it still works until now, and it is true that android has shorter lifespan for a clumsy user like me because after some point android will keep hanging.. but still i think android is perfect for people like me who doesn’t really have the money to be a vivid apple follower.. i don’t want to be all attached to itunes.. i dont want to be obliged to buy a macbook to operate my iphone well.. i just don’t really like to spend almost all of my earnings to buy a single phone, when at the same time the same amount of money can be used to buy an android and a pc, and a vacuum cleaner.. maybe someday i will switch to apple products altogether when i have a mountain pile of money to spend.. but for now i am quite happy with a middle-end android phone and will stick to it.. Leave a Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name* Email* Website Samsung Galaxy Marshmallow Update Info (2017) 01/06/2017 11 Best Budget Apps for 2017 01/03/2017
NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE Apple to Switch to IGZO Display Panels for MacBook Pro This Year? Apple Shares Five Wallpapers That Celebrate the Chinese New Year [Download] Yalu Jailbreak Gains Support for TSMC iPhone 6s and iPhone SE But Still Has a 'Pretty Serious Bug' Apple Pays Tim Cook Less Following Missed Revenue and Profit Goals Check Out This Vintage Macintosh Charging Stand for the Apple Watch Dell Unveils World's First 8K 32-inch Monitor Apple to Open First Retail Store in South Korea Instagram Adds Support for Wide Color Capture and Display, Live Photos Western Digital Announces SanDisk 256GB USB Flash Drive With 420MB/s Read and 380MB/s Write Speeds Suspected Apple Partner Energous Says Wireless Charging Transmitters Will Begin Shipping by Year's End Incipio OX Case Brings Headphone Jack Back to the iPhone 7 OWC DEC Attaches to the Bottom of the MacBook Pro, Adds USB 3, SD Card Slot, Ethernet, Additional Storage D-Link Unveils New Omna 180 Security Camera With Apple HomeKit Support Leviton Unveils Decora Dimmers and Switches with Apple HomeKit Support The World's First Smart Hairbrush [Video] Apple Announces Chinese New Year Promotion, Free Beats Solo3 Headphones With Purchase of Mac or iPhone Chamberlain Smart Hub Brings Apple HomeKit Support to Almost Any Existing Garage Door Opener Linksys Launches Velop Modular Mesh Wi-Fi System [Video] Moen Announces 'U by Moen' Wi-Fi Shower System That Can Be Controlled By Your iPhone [Video] Apple Says New Year's Day Was the Biggest Day Ever on the App Store Apple Posts Another Two Apple Watch Ads: Go Surf, Go Ride [Video] LIKE   TWEET   SHARE   PIN   SHARE   POST MAIL MORE Posted December 15, 2016 at 8:18pm by iClarified · 5534 views · Translate Apple has posted two new ads for the Apple Watch entitled, 'Go Surf' and 'Go Ride'. Go Surf: Catch a workout with every wave. Add Apple Watch to your wish list, and unwrap the Gift of Go. Go Ride: Get moving with Apple Watch. Add the Gift of Go to your wish list. The ads are part of a new series of 'Go' ads for the Apple Watch. You can watch the first four here. Follow iClarified Comments (1) Add Comment Inspector - December 16, 2016 at 4:29am Only if they promise they won't "brick" my watch when I update ? Reply · Like · Mark as Spam Recent Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder News Tutorials Answers Wizards Search Comments Bookmarks Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified Send Us a Tip Contact Us Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder, News, Tutorials, Answers, Wizards, Search, Comments, Bookmarks, Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified, Send Us a Tip, Contact Us Copyright © iClarified. All rights reserved. Privacy. Content.
Home Business All Companies Enterprise Comms Start-ups Discovery All Innovation Machines Earth Science Careers All Advice People Employers Jobs Life All Trending Gear Play Video All More Subscribe Advertise About Contact us BUSINESS DISCOVERY CAREERS LIFE VIDEO MORE Tweet Share Email ALL COMPANIES ENTERPRISE COMMS START-UPS It’s time to return the hamburger menu to sender Brexit’s drying up of talent pool a major worry in UK Win tickets to Inspirefest 2017 – and an added surprise Last few super early bird tickets available for Inspirefest 2017 Hazel Moore: Banks are completely wasting valuable customer data The danger of pushing design decisions downstream Ireland places 4th in Forbes’ Best Countries for Business list Apple says developers earned $20bn from the App Store in 2016 Apple confirms $1bn investment in SoftBank’s $100bn mega tech fund House of Fraser to invest £35m in challenger bank app Tandem Q&A: Northern Ireland at the crossroads in renewable energy Behind the scenes with the most active investor in the UK green economy Apple gives in to China’s demands to pull New York Times app Some simple steps to stop you getting hacked in 2017 Ransomware cash demands set to rise in 2017 Bitcoin now over $1,000 amid global currency instability January travellers, beware: Your luggage tag could be an invite to hackers Value of all bitcoins in circulation soars to $14bn Nokia to develop 5G in France through R&D pact with B-com State of the Irish broadband nation 2017: Let’s declare broadband access a human right €2.2m scheme to bring 26,000 Irish citizens into the digital world Canada declares 50Mbps high-speed broadband a basic service for all citizens Cork broadband player Nova plans a ‘Munster’ 2,000pc expansion in Ireland North-South interconnector gets An Bord Pleanála go ahead How solar thermal energy allows buildings to heat themselves Samsung reveals $150m Next Fund for AI, VR and IoT start-ups Accelerator venture capital firm SOSV closes $150m Fund III Do hipsters respond better to anti-tech design? Start-up of the week: Flender Nasdaq Europe calling: IPOs are closer to home than start-ups realise ALL INNOVATION MACHINES EARTH SCIENCE Doodling and maths: A matter of black and white Can you divide up the music budget evenly using maths? Ireland’s Edge line-up revealed ahead of Dingle STEAM showcase A game of two halves, but maths will be the real winner Can you logic your way to €1m? Lies, Boolean logic and crime scenes: Chapter One Herstory festival of light illuminates the Irish women who did the extraordinary Irish Research Council awarded €30m to researchers in 2016 Ulster University bags €23m in EU funding for advanced research projects Strange radio bursts from a faraway galaxy pinpointed by astronomers Extremely rare, dual ringed galaxy discovered in deep space Blink twice and you might miss the 2017 Quadrantids meteor shower Audi and Nvidia to bring AI-based driverless car to road by 2020 UK military developing new laser weapon for future threats BMW, Intel and Mobileye to put driverless cars on the road this year Intel buys 15pc stake in Here to develop autonomous car mapping tech Amazon’s robot workforce grows by 50pc in just one year Tesla in for a shock as Faraday Future EV makes its debut How many people could live on Earth? Forget a climate shift in centuries, more like decades, climatologists claim WeForest doubles crowdfunding target to empower Indian village World awaits birth of ‘baby dragons’ in Slovenia Gold and platinum discovered in south-east Irish streams The bees are still in trouble, so we are too ALL ADVICE PEOPLE EMPLOYERS JOBS Could your CV help you get a better salary? How much money will your degree get you? Irish professionals choosing UK, with Brazilians filling the gaps Not all generations point to tech in the workplace 7 jobs robots will steal from us in the future 8 questions you need to ask yourself about relocating Is unconscious bias keeping you from the best talent? Learn how to combat it How to turn around a bad job interview 3 mistakes you should avoid when writing a job advert 3 simple ways to make your cover letter shine How to make your CV the best one in the pile Here are 7 New Year career resolutions you can actually stick to Is unconscious bias keeping you from the best talent? Learn how to combat it Video game developer Brianna Wu plans to run for US Congress Designing a runway revolution: ‘To go viral, you need a virus’ 10 Twitter influencers you need to follow for expert career advice 30 incredible Irish people leading a European invasion European Digital Girl of the Year winners revealed IDA: Overseas companies employ nearly 200,000 people in Ireland 10 of the most ridiculous job titles that really exist Risk takers in high demand at Aon’s Centre for Innovation and Analytics What is ‘Refer Me Please’? Incredible 20,160 jobs announced in Ireland this year 2,140 new jobs for Ulster in stellar 2016 ALL GEAR PLAY TRENDING Deaths in 2016 dominated Wikipedia’s top 10 list of edits this year Twitter tweaks tweets: Search results to be displayed by relevance Facebook will now notify you when it thinks you’re looking at fake news Facebook creates Parents Portal to help keep children safe online 2016 Google Year in Search: What did Ireland search this year? ISPCC warning: ‘Cyber safety is the child protection issue of our time’ Kingston crams 2TB of storage into single USB thumb drive Possible Apple ‘theatre mode’ could help people use phones in cinemas Apple sued over alleged use of FaceTime in fatal car crash Tesla reveals where its first Irish charging point will be AirPods arrive on the Apple Store for €179 Skype Translator can now call mobiles and landlines Fallout 4 fan spots peculiar stock footage in a CNN Russian hack story 15 fantastic shows to binge on over the holidays Social saves the radio star: Facebook reveals Live Audio platform Facebook Messenger reveals group video with Snapchat-like selfie filters New ears’ resolution: 10 of the best podcasts to listen to in 2017 Radio Garden: Discover a whole world of audio ’Tis the season: Google celebrates with festive Doodles First day of winter celebrated with solstice Google Doodle 5 last-minute stocking fillers for Christmas Where was every Star Wars movie filmed? This map reveals all Trump, Enda, Brady and Bowie dominate Facebook in 2016 Adele and Conor McGregor star in top trending videos of 2016 ALL Poornima Vijayashanker on why it’s good to be the ‘token’ in the boardroom Diverse teams at PwC offer great learning opportunities Help Huawei create the video of the future Marketing’s greatest trick is embracing storytelling Want to work in tech? Hack your career with Code First: Girls Start-ups showcase creations at IndieBio EU 2016 demo day ADVERTISE SUBSCRIBE CONTACT ABOUT COMPANIES Will the titans of tech allow themselves to be Trump’s pawns? by John Kennedy 15 Dec 201614 Shares Donald Trump on the election trail. Image: Joseph Stohm/Shutterstock US president-elect Donald Trump summoned Silicon Valley’s elite for a show of force. Was it really about innovation and job creation or will decency and diversity pay a price? US president-elect Donald Trump likes to put on a show. But did he really succeed in trying to show the so-called giants of Silicon Valley who is boss, and will the tech elite simply stand for it? At the table yesterday (14 December 2016) sat the most powerful figures of Silicon Valley, and like supplicants to a ruler, they meekly introduced themselves by name, title and company to Donald Trump. They included Apple CEO Tim Cook, Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella, IBM CEO Ginni Rometty, Oracle CEO Safra Catz, Cisco CEO Chuck Robbins, Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg, Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos, Tesla CEO Elon Musk, Palantir CEO Alex Karp, Google chair Eric Schmidt, Intel CEO Brian Krzanich and Alphabet CEO Larry Page. Also at the table sat Trump’s children Eric, Donald J Trump Jr and Ivanka, as well as vice-president elect Mike Pence. It’s hard to know whether it was just a show of force by the new president-elect to make clear who is in charge, or a genuine realisation that tech is one of the key bastions of the US economy, and must be taken seriously. Honored to have sat in on this meeting. The most impressive group of minds I've seen assembled all looking to fight for America and US jobs. https://t.co/e2si8Kb9Au — Donald Trump Jr. (@DonaldJTrumpJr) December 14, 2016 It is equally hard to fathom the thoughts of the shrewd, intelligent and capable leaders of companies like Apple, Facebook and Microsoft who got where they are in life on grit and talent, and why they even answered Trump’s call. Noticeably absent from the meeting was Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey. The previous evening, Dorsey hosted a live video call between Twitter’s HQ in San Francisco and surveillance whistle-blower Edward Snowden somewhere in Russia. This is the real backstory: Twitter was not invited because out of all of the tech companies, it has stood up to Trump’s insiders on a number of fronts. According to Politico, it refused to allow an emoji version of the hashtag #CrookedHillary during the presidential election campaign. More critically, Twitter has said on the record that if asked, it would refuse to help the Trump administration to create a national Muslim registry. According to The Intercept, Facebook and Twitter are so far the only two out of eight tech firms that have said they would refuse to contribute to such a registry. In the throne room of a new king Like vassals to their new baron, the elite of Silicon Valley – who at any other time would rarely be in the same room – trooped meekly into a conference room on the 25th floor of Trump Tower in Manhattan. “This is a truly amazing group of people,” Trump said to flatter the assembled tech leaders. Echoing the shtick he employed in his election campaign, he intoned: “There’s nobody like you in the world. In the world! There’s nobody like the people in this room.” Trump said that anything that the government “can do to help this go along, we’re going to be there for you”. The meeting was organised by Trump’s son-in-law, Jared Kushner, and it also included Trump supporter Peter Thiel, another of Silicon Valley’s elite; billionaire Wilbur Ross, Trump’s new commerce secretary appointee; and Goldman Sachs’s Gary Cohn, Trump’s incoming director of the National Economic Council. “They’re going to do fair trade deals,” Trump said.“They’re going to make it easier for you to trade across borders, because there are a lot of restrictions, a lot of problems. If you have any ideas on that, that would be great.” Boosting Thiel’s stature at the meeting, Trump continued: “I won’t tell you the hundreds of calls we’ve had asking to come here to this meeting,” Trump said. “And I will say Peter [Thiel] was saying, ‘No, that company’s too small’, and these are monster companies. But I want to start by thanking Peter, because he saw something very early, maybe before we saw it. And of course, he’s known for that … he’s ahead of the curve.” Trump also alluded to the rallying of stocks since his election. “I’m very honoured by the bounce, everybody’s talking about the bounce, so everybody in this room has to like me at least a little bit,” Trump said. “We’re going to try to have that bounce continue.” At the meeting, issues from jobs to innovation and national security were discussed. But it is questionable how much common ground Trump has with the tech industry. Real points of contention will be diversity, surveillance, encryption and immigration, which were not discussed. Another question is how realistic does Trump consider the tech sector’s ability to help him deliver on his election promises to boost blue-collar America and restore its industrial fortunes? Cook famously brushed with outgoing US president Barack Obama when it was suggested that Apple bring back jobs from China and elsewhere to the States. “Those jobs aren’t coming back,” Cook replied tartly. The curious thing is that Trump appeals to the profiteering mindset that allowed jobs to seep away from Detroit and Dearborn, Michigan in the 1980s to other countries in the first place, while at the same time, he tries to appease the ordinary US citizen who just wants the dignity of a job. It will be a tough balancing act. The next four years are going to be interesting for the US and the rest of the world. But for the titans of tech at Trump Tower yesterday, navigating these new straits, and at the same time adhering to principles of decency and diversity in the new order of things, will not be easy. Trump’s leadership selections (for example, that of climate-change denier Scott Pruitt to the head of EPA in the US), must surely grate with companies like Google or Apple that have lofty 100pc renewables goals. And of course, the key issues are diversity and inclusion. Microsoft and Google are respectively headed by emigrants from India, Nadella and Sundar Pichai, Catz is from Israel, Cook came out proudly as a gay man in 2014 and Sandberg is the author of Lean In: Women, Work, and the Will to Lead, a book about the empowerment of women in the workplace. Will Trump’s America lend itself to supporting diversity and inclusion? I suspect that was the real question going through the minds of Catz, Nadella, Cook and Sandberg at the table on the 25th floor of Trump Tower. And we will have to wait for the real answer. Donald Trump on the election trail. Image: Joseph Stohm/Shutterstock Related: Oracle, economy, Amazon, Intel, leadership, Microsoft, diversity, Opinion, Apple, US President, Twitter, infosec Editor John Kennedy is an award-winning technology journalist. editorial@siliconrepublic.com You May Also Like You May Also Like Companies 25 Irish leaders who are top of the sci-tech world 12 Dec 20161637 Shares Hiring Now Excellence in research for innovation and analytics Be part of a globally successful team Informing, entertaining and connecting the world Always at the cutting edge of new innovation Companies Gender gaps at tech companies in focus on Ada Lovelace Day 11 Oct 201612 Shares Machines Is the goal of democratising AI just a pipe dream? 29 Sep 20167 Shares SUBSCRIBE TO OUR E-ZINE Sign up to receive weekly alerts bringing the best of Siliconrepublic.com straight to your inbox. Submit Email Enterprise Tech giants to use digital fingerprinting to block terrorist content 6 Dec 201619 Shares Machines Zombie machines and the data apocalypse: deliver us from evil 24 Oct 201618 Shares Gear The revolution will be televised: Twitter reveals its big screen ambition 15 Sep 201618 Shares Latest News Herstory festival of light illuminates the Irish women who did the extraordinary 10 hours ago Is unconscious bias keeping you from the best talent? Learn how to combat it 11 hours ago Ireland places 4th in Forbes’ Best Countries for Business list 12 hours ago How solar thermal energy allows buildings to heat themselves 12 hours ago Apple says developers earned $20bn from the App Store in 2016 12 hours ago Could your CV help you get a better salary? 13 hours ago Irish Research Council awarded €30m to researchers in 2016 13 hours ago Audi and Nvidia to bring AI-based driverless car to road by 2020 14 hours ago Kingston crams 2TB of storage into single USB thumb drive 15 hours ago Apple gives in to China’s demands to pull New York Times app 16 hours ago How to turn around a bad job interview 17 hours ago Ulster University bags €23m in EU funding for advanced research projects 17 hours ago Samsung reveals $150m Next Fund for AI, VR and IoT start-ups 18 hours ago UK military developing new laser weapon for future threats 18 hours ago Apple confirms $1bn investment in SoftBank’s $100bn mega tech fund 19 hours ago Strange radio bursts from a faraway galaxy pinpointed by astronomers 19 hours ago BMW, Intel and Mobileye to put driverless cars on the road this year 1 day ago Some simple steps to stop you getting hacked in 2017 1 day ago 3 mistakes you should avoid when writing a job advert 1 day ago Intel buys 15pc stake in Here to develop autonomous car mapping tech 1 day ago Nokia to develop 5G in France through R&D pact with B-com 1 day ago Hate your job? Here’s how to change your mindset 1 day ago 3 simple ways to make your cover letter shine 1 day ago Amazon’s robot workforce grows by 50pc in just one year 1 day ago More from Business Latest News Home About Contact Advertise Subscribe Privacy Policy All content copyright 2002-2017 Silicon Republic Knowledge & Events Management Ltd. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All rights reserved. Designed by Zero-G and Square1.io Silicon Republic Cookies Policy Our Website uses cookies to improve your experience. Please visit our Privacy Policy page for more information about cookies and how we use them. Close
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Tech titans are meeting with Trump today Rob Price Dec. 14, 2016, 4:29 AM 10,796 facebook linkedin twitter email print Apple CEO Tim Cook is one of the expected attendees. Justin Sullivan/Getty Images Some of the most powerful and high-profile leaders from the technology industry are scheduled to meet with US President-elect Donald Trump on Wednesday. The meeting has the potential to be a tense affair: Silicon Valley was overwhelmingly opposed to the Republican president-elect before the election, and during the campaign he repeatedly railed against the business practices of the industry. The discussion is likely to centre on jobs and immigration — issues on which the tech community and Trump seem likely to clash. The meeting, due to be held at Trump Tower in New York, has a star-studded guest list: Apple CEO Tim Cook, Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella, Larry Page and Eric Schmidt from Google parent company Alphabet, Amazon boss Jeff Bezos, Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg, Tesla's Elon Musk, IBM's Ginni Rometty, and Brian Krzanich from Intel are among the attendees, according to a roundup from The New York Times. (Sidenote: Jack Dorsey, the cofounder and CEO of Twitter — a social network beloved by Trump — was not invited.) It's all about jobs A key issue on the table will be jobs and immigration. Silicon Valley is heavily reliant on immigrant workers, hiring engineers and other employees from all over the world — but Trump ran his campaign in opposition to immigration, promising to build a wall along America's southern border and to halt Muslim immigration altogether. Trump has been critical of the H-1B skilled-worker visa program, which the tech industry uses heavily, saying in a statement in March: "I will end forever the use of the H-1B as a cheap labor program, and institute an absolute requirement to hire American workers for every visa and immigration program. No exceptions." Trump's chief strategist, Steve Bannon, has expressed concern that there are too many Asian CEOs in Silicon Valley. The attendees will be hoping that Trump is prepared to be more pragmatic about the issue than his rhetoric on the campaign trail might have suggested. The tech industry and Trump do not get along Several of the attendees at the meeting have previously been the subject of Trump's ire. On the campaign trail, Trump repeatedly went after Bezos, the Amazon CEO who also owns The Washington Post, which aggressively reported on Trump during the campaign. President-elect Donald Trump. Drew Angerer/Getty Images Trump said Bezos had "a huge antitrust problem because he's controlling so much," while Bezos countered that Trump's strategy of targeting the news media "erodes democracy." (Bezos later promised to keep an "open mind" after Trump's election.) Trump attacked Apple over its refusal to help unlock an iPhone for the FBI in February, asking, "Who do they think they are?" and calling for a boycott. He has also targeted the company for building its iPhones in China. One of Trump's few backers in Silicon Valley is Peter Thiel, the Paypal cofounder turned billionaire investor and Facebook board member. Thiel supported Trump's candidacy, speaking at the Republican National Convention in the summer. He now sits on the president-elect's transition team, and he helped organise Wednesday's meeting. In November, Trump sat down for a similar off-the-record meeting with media executives. It was reportedly an awkward affair, with Trump attacking the assembled execs over their coverage of his campaign and their failure to anticipate his victory. Business Insider will bring you more on Wednesday's meeting as it happens. NOW WATCH: Airplane designers have a brilliant idea for the middle seat Loading video... More: Donald Trump Tim Cook Apple Jeff Bezos Google Elon Musk facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Tech titans are meeting with Trump today Tech titans are meeting with Trump today Some of the most powerful and high-profile... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured 5 innovations in radiology that could impact everything from the Zika virus to dermatology More "Digital Industry Insider" » Keep tabs on the latest from Business Insider in our new Chrome Extension More "BI Innovations" » Get Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Newsletter-controller Sign-Up Learn More » Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Business Insider Select 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Mobile Insights BII Mobile Insights More Featured 10 Things Before the Opening Bell BI Intelligence Daily Business Insider Select Digital Industry Insider Instant MBA Markets Chart Of The Day Business Insider Events Tech Chart Of The Day Tech Select Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Strategy 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Advertising Select Careers Select Retail Select Strategy Select Life Breaking News Education Select Entertainment Select Life Select Tech Digital Media Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Enterprise Select Fintech Briefing IoT Chart of the Day Mobile Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Science Select Finance Finance Insider Markets Select Smart Investor Your Money Select Politics Military Select Politics Select Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Sports Sports Letter to My Younger Self Basketball great Ray Allen: ’Do you want to fit in, or do you want to embark on the lonely pursuit of greatness?' Read Allen's letter to his teenage self » Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT
Club MacStoriesWeekly Extras MENU ABOUT CONTACT NEWSLETTER ADVERTISE SECTIONS APP REVIEWS LINKED STORIES iOS 10 WWDC 2016 3D Touch for Power Users My Favorite iMessage Apps and Sticker Packs of 2016 My Must-Have iOS Apps & Web Services, 2016 Edition Apple Improves Support Experience with New App By Ryan Christoffel Following a soft rollout last month in the Netherlands, Apple has now launched a new Support app in the U.S. App Store for both iPhone and iPad. This new app is the latest sign of Apple's efforts to provide easy and convenient ways for its users to get the help they need with support issues. It follows an expanded presence on Twitter in the last year, where the company started with an Apple Music Help account , then later replaced it with a more wide-reaching Apple Support account . Support serves many of the same functions as Apple's Support website , but within the simple interface of an app. Upon opening Support for the first time you'll be asked to log in with your Apple ID, then walked through a brief description of how to use the app. The main landing page for Support contains a list of devices that are linked with your Apple ID. If you need to remove some devices from this list, tap the person icon in the top-left corner and tap "Select products to display." From here you can choose to hide certain devices, or you can follow the instructions given for removing a device from your Apple ID altogether. From the main navigation page, tapping on one of your listed devices provides a variety of categories meant to narrow down what type of issue you're having with that device. Once you've selected the appropriate category, in most cases you're then presented with a list of more detailed topics to navigate.1 Finally, selecting the appropriate topic presents you with a list of support options. These include direct communication with Apple through chat, phone call, or a scheduled call, as well as a list of recommended articles meant to pertain to the topic at hand. In some cases, depending on the issue, you may also be presented with the recommendation to bring your device in for repair, accompanied by a list of local Apple Stores and instructions on how to setup an appointment. A couple other small features of the app worth mentioning. First, on the iPad it supports Split View, so you can use it alongside another app. Second, in the app's settings screen you can view a recent history of support issues associated with your Apple ID. The whole experience of getting help for an issue is well streamlined in the Support app. When a device is giving you trouble, the last thing you want to do is navigate a frustrating support process, and Apple seems to have kept that in mind when designing this app. Each step in the process is clear. And if you've ever had a support experience with a company that felt like aimlessly running around in circles, you'll appreciate the value of a clear, simple, confusion-free experience. Support is available from the App Store as a free download for iPhone and iPad . This was true for iPhone, iPad, and Apple Watch, but the two exceptions I discovered in my testing are the Mac and Apple TV support pages. Selecting from the presented categories with those two led me straight to a list of support options, skipping the topics page altogether. The only way to see more detailed topics was to select the category labeled "Other Mac Topics" or "Troubleshooting Apple TV.” ↩︎ Sign Up Unlock MacStories Extras Club MacStories offers exclusive access to extra MacStories content, delivered every week; it’s also a way to support us directly. Club MacStories will help you discover the best apps for your devices and get the most out of your iPhone, iPad, and Mac. Plus, it’s made in Italy. Starting at $5/month, with an annual option available. Join the Club. A Club MacStories membership includes: MacStories Weekly newsletter, delivered every week on Friday with app collections, tips, iOS workflows, and more; Monthly Log newsletter, delivered once every month with behind-the-scenes stories, app notes, personal journals, and more; Access to occasional giveaways, discounts, and free downloads. Ryan Christoffel Ryan is a regular contributor to MacStories. He most commonly works and plays on his iPad Pro and bears no regrets about moving on from the Mac. He and his wife live in Texas, where he works for his church. Twitter: @iryantldr | Email: ryan@macstories.net ABOUT CONTACT NEWSLETTER ADVERTISE Code by Alessandro Vendruscolo | Design by Silvia Gatta | Hosted by Macminicolo | Acknowledgements Copyright 2017 MacStories. All rights reserved. v4.3.4
Foro Blog de Seprin English Version Version Portugues Home Menu   ≡ ╳ Portada Política Grales. Deporte Policial Economía Económico Mundo Espectáculos Relevantes Salud y Belleza Tapas Acerca de RELEVANTES Independiente comenzó la pretemporada bajo las órdenes de Ariel Holan Deporte Rally Dakar 2017. Los resultados de la quinta etapa Tupiza-Oruro, que fue acortada por las fuertes lluvias Deporte Trump invites top tech leaders to NYC 15 Dic, 2016 Chiara Grales. 0 0 On Wednesday some of the biggest names in the American technology business are headed to Trump Tower to meet the president-elect. He won’t need to serve any lunch – there’s already more than enough beef to go around. Throughout his campaign to be elected president, Mr Trump put technology companies and their executives in the firing line, with calls for boycotts and accusations of tax-dodging. And with tax and immigration reform at the heart of his plans in the White House, there could be ample scope for fireworks between the leader-to-be and Silicon Valley’s most-powerful. Central to the discussions will be Peter Thiel. The Paypal founder, investor and Facebook board member is part of Mr Trump’s transition team after he offered energetic support during the campaign. GETTY IMAGES Paypal’s Peter Thiel has been a vocal Trump ally and spoke at his nominating convention over the summer Mr Thiel is well-respected in Silicon Valley and will serve to act as the bridge between the new administration and tech leaders. Who is Trump adviser Peter Thiel? We’ll likely only hear snippets of what gets discussed at the meeting, but here’s a breakdown of who’s reportedly going, and what they may discuss. From Facebook, it won’t be Mark Zuckerberg attending but Sheryl Sandberg, the company’s chief operating officer. Facebook is facing intense scrutiny over so-called “fake” or “false” news circulating on the site. Mr Trump has been seen to have been the beneficiary, so it’s unclear whether he’ll see this as a topic worth bringing up – much in the way he has dismissed claims Russia influenced the election through hacking. Ms Sandberg was a staunch supporter of Hillary Clinton, even being touted as a potential part of her cabinet. When Mr Trump won, Ms Sandberg put out a message urging Americans to work for a “better future for everyone”. AFP Facebook’s Mark Zuckerberg plans to skip the meeting Apple boss Tim Cook will be there. Earlier this year furore grew over encryption – when Apple refused to unlock the San Bernardino killer’s iPhone – and Mr Trump called for an Apple boycott, apparently on a whim. That had no effect whatsoever, but the encryption debate will surely come up again under Mr Trump’s tenure. That whole row might just be brushed aside as campaign-trail bravado, but what will be more important to the president-elect will be the prospect of Apple making their iPhones in the USA rather than China. That could have serious implications for Apple’s bottom line and would take years to execute. More simple would be for Apple to put money into the SoftBank fundthat Mr Trump heralded recently. That would please all parties – Apple makes an apparently sensible investment, and Mr Trump gets to say he’s convinced Apple to invest more in American jobs. GETTY IMAGES A gold-plated smartphone bearing Trump’s likeness is sold at a boutique in Moscow Tesla’s chief executive Elon Musk may be there. Though he at first said he was otherwise engaged, now it looks like he will be attending. For Mr Musk, the chief concern will surely be Mr Trump’s view on renewable energy. Tesla benefits massively from tax breaks, as do the people who buy Tesla cars. Those breaks are gradually disappearing – but how quickly they go may be down to Mr Trump who has pledged to prioritise other energy sources like so-called “clean” coal. One area they may both get excited about, however, is future space travel – Mr Musk is the leading figure in the effort to put a human on Mars. GETTY IMAGES Elon Musk also owns private spaceship manufacturer SpaceX Google’s parent company Alphabet is being represented by the search engine’s co-founder, Larry Page. Mr Trump amplified the conspiracy theory that Google was suppressing “bad” news about Hillary Clinton during the campaign. Google strongly denied the claims in a blog post. Again, probably more campaign-trail bravado. And then there’s Amazon’s Jeff Bezos. Mr Trump has accused the billionaire of using the Washington Post, which he owns, to pressure politicians into letting Amazon get away with paying less tax. Mr Bezos offered to fire Mr Trump into space in a rocket. Mr Trump’s hatred of the Post could see Mr Bezos singled out at the meeting – it was the newspaper that published the infamous “locker room talk” video during the campaign. Mr Bezos has been kinder to the president-elect since his election win, however – tweeting that he offers Mr Trump his “most open mind and wish him great success in his service to the country.” AP Amazon’s Jeff Bezos has been a repeated target of Mr Trump, due to his ownership of the Washington Post newspaper Other attendees expected include the chief executives at Intel, Microsoft, Cisco, IBM and Oracle. Interestingly, it appears there is no place for Twitter’s Jack Dorsey, despite the platform being Mr Trump’s favoured social network. Only Oracle’s Safra Catz has spoken publicly about the meeting. “If he can reform the tax code, reduce regulation and negotiate better trade deals, the US technology industry will be stronger and more competitive than ever,” she said. The topic that affects all of those attending is immigration. Tech companies are worried sick that Mr Trump’s stance on the H1-B visa (he doesn’t like it) will mean they are less able to recruit high-quality skilled workers from overseas. On tax, a lowering of US corporation tax could tempt tech companies, who stash cash in overseas offices, to bring their profits back to the US. This would be seen as a big win for Mr Trump and a publicity coup for the technology companies who are under fire for placing huge amounts of money in places like Ireland where they have relatively little sales but terrific tax conditions. GETTY IMAGES Image caption Influential tech journalist Kara Swisher has been critical of the tech leaders who are willing to sit down with Mr Trump The willingness of tech leaders, who were so vocal against Mr Trump before the election, to meet privately with Mr Trump has not played well with some key figures in Silicon Valley. Recode’s Kara Swisher, the industry’s most influential journalist, lambasted the leaders for attending the meeting and not speaking out publicly against some of Mr Trump’s policies. She said tech leaders would get “exactly nothing for handing over their dignity”. She argued that the tech industry was powerful enough to have real influence on Mr Trump but, in public at least, was being soft on his campaign rhetoric. Follow Dave Lee on Twitter @DaveLeeBBC and on Facebook bbc.com Tags Jack Dorsey Kara Swisher Trump Twitter Previous article Colombia: Farc expels five leaders who ‘refused to accept peace’ → Next article Chapecoense: Brazilian team to play on 29 January – two months after plane crash → Comments Deja un comentario Cancelar respuesta Tu dirección de correo electrónico no será publicada. Comentario Nombre Correo electrónico Web NOTICIERO 1 +1 =3 DIARIO Las noticias de los diarios de mañana hoy. Todos los días 19hs VIDEOS VIRALES Entrevista a denunciantes de Cristian Aldana enero 5, 2017 Robbie Williams usa alcohol gel despues de saludar enero 5, 2017 Mensaje intimidatorio en una comisaria porteña contra una foto del Ministro Ocampo enero 5, 2017 Bebe SuperHéroe : Niño de 3 Años Salva a Su Gemelo de La Muerte enero 4, 2017 TRANSITO Tweets by batransito Espectáculos #YaNoNosCallamosMás: el conmovedor testimonio de tres jóvenes que denunciaron a Cristian Aldana enero 5, 2017 La Prefectura de Uruguay estudia multar a Marcelo Tinelli por usar un jeep en las playas de José Ignacio enero 5, 2017 El dolor de Amalia Granata por la repentina muerte de su cuñado: 'Le harán una autopsia para ver qué pasó' enero 5, 2017 Publicidad Publicidad Salud y Belleza Consume un vaso de esta bebida antes de dormir y comienza a reducir grasa abdominal enero 5, 2017 Píldora poscoital enero 5, 2017 Linfoma, un cáncer silencioso que puede tratarse con éxito si se detecta a tiempo enero 5, 2017 Publicidad Más ledídas Reservas debajo de 27.000 y pedido urgente de préstamo a Goldman Sachs 807 LA EXTRAÑA MUERTE DE KIRCHNER: LAS DUDAS Y EL DISPARO 760 Si estás sin empleo, cómo acceder al nuevo beneficio de hasta 2700 pesos 697 MOVILIZACION NACIONAL DEL DIA JUEVES 13 DE SEPTIEMBRE – 20 HS. NO SE SUSPENDE POR LLUVIA 344 Publicidad Archivos Archivos Elegir mes enero 2017  (179) diciembre 2016  (827) noviembre 2016  (996) octubre 2016  (885) septiembre 2016  (1251) agosto 2016  (1261) julio 2016  (1322) junio 2016  (1391) mayo 2016  (1638) abril 2016  (1427) marzo 2016  (1374) febrero 2016  (1245) enero 2016  (845) diciembre 2015  (2346) noviembre 2015  (1689) octubre 2015  (1843) septiembre 2015  (2109) agosto 2015  (1887) julio 2015  (2020) junio 2015  (2003) mayo 2015  (1819) abril 2015  (1909) marzo 2015  (1929) febrero 2015  (1718) enero 2015  (2062) diciembre 2014  (1649) noviembre 2014  (1814) octubre 2014  (2033) septiembre 2014  (1948) agosto 2014  (1847) julio 2014  (1598) junio 2014  (1522) mayo 2014  (1509) abril 2014  (1502) marzo 2014  (1320) febrero 2014  (1349) enero 2014  (1388) diciembre 2013  (1376) noviembre 2013  (1315) octubre 2013  (1413) septiembre 2013  (1333) agosto 2013  (1449) julio 2013  (1490) junio 2013  (1268) mayo 2013  (1389) abril 2013  (1419) marzo 2013  (1343) febrero 2013  (1010) enero 2013  (1275) diciembre 2012  (1332) noviembre 2012  (1394) octubre 2012  (1288) septiembre 2012  (1205) agosto 2012  (1418) julio 2012  (1440) junio 2012  (1441) mayo 2012  (1509) abril 2012  (1216) marzo 2012  (1490) febrero 2012  (1217) enero 2012  (1681) diciembre 2011  (1734) noviembre 2011  (1978) octubre 2011  (2186) septiembre 2011  (1747) agosto 2011  (1520) julio 2011  (1157) junio 2011  (1068) mayo 2011  (1136) abril 2011  (1291) marzo 2011  (1111) febrero 2011  (1158) enero 2011  (1299) diciembre 2010  (1256) noviembre 2010  (1384) octubre 2010  (1232) septiembre 2010  (1185) agosto 2010  (103) Most Popular posts Mr.Bond CRISTINA NO ES ABOGADA , DEBE 22 MATERIAS Mr.Bond Como Cristina salvo del fraude total a Macri y evito un incendio en el País. Tapa COMO LE ROBARAN 3 PORCIENTO A CAMBIEMOS DESDE EL CORREO Tapa Autoridad de la UNLP confirma que CFK no es abogada Tapa Extraño movimiento de vehículos de caudales en el Banco Santa Cruz: 13 MIL KILOS DE BILLETES… Publicidad SEPRIN Servicio Privado de Informaciones y noticias con alto contenido de editorial y opinión.   Contacto: redaccion @ seprin.com   Ultimos tweetsInvalid or expired token. Foro Blog de Seprin English Version Version Portugues Home © All rights reserved 2017 - SEPRIN.
Top 5 most popular smartphones in 2016 globally By Whether you actually buy the latest high-end smartphone or not, you do love to stay informed with the best in the mobile industry. Google has released the 2016 recap of searches to reveal the most searched smartphones on Google globally. Here is the list of the top 5 most popular smartphones globally. - HZL gets green nod for Rs 1,200 cr Zawar Mines expansion proj Keep your account secure » X Ensure that your correct email id and mobile has been registered with moneycontrol. If not, please update your profile and secure the account now. Updating your email id and mobile number offers following benefits: If someone tries to reset your password, you will be informed immediately Only you will receive email & sms alerts relating to your stocks & overall portfolio Opted-in market updates, news, research reports, will be delivered to you on-time Update your profile now » News Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Messages Notices Videos All Search Language App Subscriptions Specials Sign-In Register Santa Claus Logout Hindi Gujrati Profile Portfolio Watchlist Messages Alerts News markets Mutual Funds commodities Property personal finance portfolio Forum LIVE TV TV18 terminal Home Business Management Talk Markets Stocks Politics International Tech Lifestyle SME Videos Home » News » Technology Dec 15, 2016, 11.49 AM | Source: NEWS18.com Top 5 most popular smartphones in 2016 globally Whether you actually buy the latest high-end smartphone or not, you do love to stay informed with the best in the mobile industry. Google has released the 2016 recap of searches to reveal the most searched smartphones on Google globally. Here is the list of the top 5 most popular smartphones globally. Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3 Top 5 most popular smartphones in 2016 globally Whether you actually buy the latest high-end smartphone or not, you do love to stay informed with the best in the mobile industry. Google has released the 2016 recap of searches to reveal the most searched smartphones on Google globally. Here is the list of the top 5 most popular smartphones globally. Post Your Comments Share Cancel Whether you actually buy the latest high-end smartphone or not, you do love to stay informed with the best in the mobile industry. Google has released the 2016 recap of searches to reveal the most searched smartphones on Google globally. Here is the list of the top 5 most popular smartphones globally. 1) iPhone 7 The latest Apple iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus grabbed the attention of the entire world when Apple dropped the traditional 3.5mm headphone jack in its iPhones. However, the iPhone 7 really does not have much to offer in terms of experience for users to upgrade from the iPhone 6S when compared to the iPhone 7 Plus. 2) Freedom 251 The sub-USD 4 smartphone never became a reality, however, the Freedom 251 amazed the world when it had claimed that a full-fledged Androi smartphone was actually possible for just Rs 251. It was soon discovered, that it more of a gimmick to gain public attention after the company—Ringing Bells failed to deliver sufficient quantities of Freedom 251 units, making it the biggest tech disappointment of 2016. 3) iPhoneSE The iPhone SE was aimed at first-time Apple buyers and those who want to upgrade from the iPhone 5S and 5C, which had not been updated in over two years. The iPhone SE is equipped with a longer-lasting battery than the iPhone 5s and have faster wireless connections. It also works with Apple Pay, the company's digital wallet. The phone comes in four colour options- silver, gold, space grey and rose gold. Launched for Rs 39,000 in India, the Phone SE was a minor upgrade for most. 4) iPhone 6S Soon after the launch of the new iPhone 7, the iPhone 6S and 6S Plus received a massive price cut in India. Apple iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus runs on Apple's own A9 chip with 64-bit architecture and an embedded M9 motion coprocessor. This was also the first phone to come with Apple's 3D touch technology. 5) Google Pixel The first smartphone made by Google in partnership with HTC took on the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus head on. With the latest Android Nougat 7.1 operating system, the Pixel and Pixel XL smartphone offers the exclusive Google Assistant. Google Pixel smartphone offers 5" Full HD AMOLED with Gorilla Glass 4 protection, 2.15GHz quad-core 64-bit Snapdragon 821 processor, 4GB RAM, 12.3MP (f/2.0) rear camera, 8MP front camera, 2770mAh (Fast charging), 32GB or 128GB (No microSD card support), NFC, 3.5mm headphone, USB Type-C, Fingerprint scanner. The Google Pixel XL comes with a similar spec sheet apart from a 5.5-inch Quad HD AMOLED display and a bigger 3450mAh battery.   Tags  iPhone 7 Google smartphone Freedom 251 iPhoneSE iPhone 6S iPhone 6S Google Pixel Buy, Hold, Sell ? Hear it first on M3 Top 5 most popular smartphones in 2016 globally See all Sign in or Login with Username Password Keep me signed in   Forgot password? Don't have an account yet? - Register now news Most Popular Top News Only 4% of employees on H1B Visa; Bill not a big hit on co:TechM Sell USDINR; target of 67.75 - 67.65: ICICI Direct Indianomics: Prepare for weak GDP growth this yr; FY18 to be better, say Pros Filed DRHP for Radio City: Jagran Prakashan After Rajdhani fares, Air India offers enhanced baggage NHAI may not meet award and execution target for FY17: Icra SC restrains Aircel-Maxis from transferring 2G licences Uber hikes taxi fares up to 50% in Delhi-NCR Per capita income of Indians to cross Rs 1 lakh in FY17 See all Video of the day Mkt attractive post 10% correction from current levels:Macquarie Explore Moneycontrol STOCKS A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Others MUTUAL FUNDS A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Live Sensex Public Sector Banks Market Statistics Plan Insurance Global Market Business News Mutual Fund Best Portfolio Manager Bse Sensex Nse Nifty Commodities Price Silver Price/Rate in India Gold Price/Rate in India Crude Oil USD to INR Bank Fixed Deposits Company Fixed Deposits Small Savings Schemes Bonds Budget: 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016 | Budget 2017 RBI Credit Policy News Archive FAQs Financial Glossary Forum Moneybhai Think India History India Latest News IBNLive News News in Hindi Cricket News Paper Peek Exam Special CBSE Sample Papers India News Restaurants in Delhi Online Shopping in India Cairn India Euro Infosys Inflation Silver Glenmark Pharmaceuticals Snapdeal Starbucks Narendra Modi Crore Rss Feeds Site Map  |  About Us  |  Contact Us  |  Feedback  |  Advertise  |  Bookmark  |  Disclaimer  |  Privacy Statement  |  Terms of Use  |  Careers Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited. Login Sign Up Get started using your favorite social network or Login using moneycontrol ID Username Password Need help logging in? Reset password. Don´t have an account? Sign Up Get started using your favorite social network or Simply sign up using this short form * mandatory UserName* Username should be atleast 4 character Password* Password should be 8 or more characters, atleast 1 number, 1 symbol & 1 upper case letter Alert Your Password should contain 8 or more characters At least 1 number At least 1 symbol At least 1 upper case letter Confirm Password* Email Already have an account? Login Register Now Sign In X Name* Enter Alphabets only Email* Enter valid email id Contact No.* Enter 10 digits only City Mumbai Delhi Kolkata Bengaluru Chennai Hyderabad Pune Other Interested in All Confused? use our Compare Brokers feature. Register Now Thank you for registering. Respective broker representative will reach you shortly. sign in
Jump to Navigation AU EDITION | Saturday, January 07, 2017 As of 12:11 PM AEST Subscribe AU Edition Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition U.K. Edition U.S. Edition FOLLOW | Make IBT your homepage Search Home Business News Sports Life Entertainment Video Technology Apple registers patent for what could be a dual SIM iPhone By Alvin Alcalde @ULB1N on December 15 2016 5:55 PM 0 0 0 0 An Apple logo hangs above the entrance to the Apple store on 5th Avenue in the Manhattan borough of New York City, July 21, 2015. Reuters/Mike Segar Apple may finally release a dual SIM iPhone in the near future. The Cupertino, California-based company just registered a patent for a dual SIM technology that involves two separate antennas. A dual SIM iPhone sounds like a good idea, but it also has its downside. READ: Apple iPhone 7 vs Google Pixel camera comparison: Here comes a new challenger [VIDEO] The information provided on the website of the United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) states that Apple has been granted rights to a dual SIM technology with two antennas. The patent describes how the new Apple feature enables the use of two SIM cards in a mobile device and how the device determines SIM priority. If a SIM card is being actively used for a phone call in any given moment, that card is given priority over the second SIM that also actively uses data. The dual SIM technology, which is fairly common in Android devices, may not be used by Apple right away. Before the launch of the iPhone 7, there were actually rumours that circulated claiming the handset was to have a dual SIM variant. The Asian and Chinese markets are big enthusiasts of dual SIM phones, and it’s possible that Apple has them in mind with this “new” technology. But Apple fans should be thankful that didn’t come to fruition. The iPhone 7 battery is one of the least powerful smartphone batteries in the industry, especially considering the iconic status of the Apple handset and its competitors. The iPhone has never crossed the 3,000 mAh mark with its batteries, previous generations and models included. The iPhone 7 only has 1,960 mAh battery capacity and it drains considerably fast compared to rivals Samsung Galaxy S7 and Google Pixel. READ: Samsung Galaxy S7 vs Apple iPhone 7 vs Google Pixel: Battery performance test and comparison A dual SIM iPhone would drain its cell even faster, as most battery-consuming dual SIM phones naturally do. Before Apple implements its new patent, should the tech giant actually use it on future releases, it must first adequately boost its flagship handset’s battery. Submit Correction 0 0 0 Related Samsung Galaxy S8 & Apple iPhone 8 to get highly-innovative displays Apple AirPods available for $229 in Australia Join the Discussion 0 0 0 Search Most Shared Most Read 1 'Days of Our Lives' spoilers for Jan. 2 – 6, 2017: Rafe learns about Stefano’s death; Nicole says goodbye to baby; Theo and Valerie square off 0 Shares 2 ‘Game of Thrones’ season 7 spoilers: Flashback scene 0 Shares 3 Golden State Warriors vs Dallas Mavericks live stream: Watch NBA live on TV, preview, start time 0 Shares 4 'Outlander' season 3: Back from break it's back to production 0 Shares 5 ‘Star Wars: Episode 8’: Snoke’s interest in Rey 0 Shares 6 ‘Vikings’ season 4 episode 16 spoilers: Lagertha meets her demise 0 Shares 7 ‘Vikings’ season 4: Ivar, Bjorn will become more famous than Ragnar 0 Shares 8 'Wentworth' season 5 release date, spoilers 0 Shares 9 'The Young and the Restless' spoilers for Jan. 3 – 6: Genoa City opens the year with a heated family feud, unrequited love and continued deception 0 Shares 10 'The Young and the Restless' (Y&R) spoilers for Jan. 2, 2017: Dylan takes on a new identity; Sharon learns who tripped her; Devon is rushed to the hospital 0 Shares Follow Us Please enter a valid email Like us Follow us Full site feed Australian house prices defy predictions, soar fastest in 7 years Woolworths to sell petrol sites to BP for $1.8M Woolworths' Supplier Connect to roll out in 2017 Nokia and Apple trade lawsuits World’s safest airlines 2017: Qantas tops the list again ASC will be shedding 130 people by Feb end More Business Economy Markets Companies Real Estate Banking & Finance Funding axed for Malek Fahd Islamic school Kings Park Crash Gold Coast one-punch attack Miss Lebanon 2016 to lose title after drug arrest Man racially attacks family in Melboune park Tourists arriving in SA warned about extreme heat More News Australia Asia Pacific Africa The Americas Europe Middle East Kyrie Irving leads Stephen Curry, James Harden with most All-Star votes NBA Trade News: Cavaliers acquire Kyle Korver from Hawks Houston Rockets vs Oklahoma City Thunder live stream: Watch NBA live on TV, preview, start time Los Angeles Lakers vs Portland Trail Blazers live stream: Watch NBA live on TV, preview, start time Rafael Nadal speaks on tennis match-fixing NBA 2K17: 2017 All-Star jerseys now available More Sports AFL NRL Rugby Union Cricket Soccer Tennis Motor Sports Basketball NFL Fight Sports More HTC Vive Tracker set for Q2 release, can turn any object into VR controller [VIDEO] Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon review: One for the professionals ‘Pokemon Go’ new update can be released anytime now Razer Project Valerie: The first and only laptop with 3 fully automated displays [VIDEO] iPhone 7 Plus vs iPhone 6S Plus vs iPhone 6 Plus: Battery performance comparison [VIDEO] Chinese New Year 2017: Good luck gifts More Life Environment & Science Health & Wellbeing Gaming Technology Travel & Food Fashion & Beauty Art & Design ‘Teen Wolf’ season 6 gives fans a chance to visit the set and act for the final episodes ‘Vikings’ season 4 episode 17: Katheryn Winnick answers if Lagertha dies Beyonce, Radiohead and Kendrick Lamar to front Coachella 2017; Australian acts join annual music event Presence of Kanye West in Kim Kardashian’s family photos; Naomi Campbell talks about Paris attack like Kim's [VIDEO] 'The Blacklist' season 4 updates: New clip hints at tension among Liz, Samar and Aram; new photos on 'Lipet's Seafood Company' released ‘Grimm’ season 6 spoilers: Scared Monroe; Double Trubel More Entertainment Movies TV Celebrities Music McLaren 570GT Review: Grand, But No Touring Car IBTimes Newsletters Sign up to get the latest headlines delivered to your inbox every morning. We value your privacy. Your email address will not be shared. Sections Home Business News Sports Life Entertainment Video IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Careers Contact Terms of Service Privacy Policy IBT Media Syndication Editions Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved.
News Conference TNW NYC Index TQ Deals Answers News Conference Index TQ Deals Answers Tech5 Contact Jobs Contribute Advertise Team About Apps Gear Tech Creative Money Insights Launch World Distract Offers Launch Distract World Have a cookie TNW uses cookies to personalise content and ads to make our site easier for you to use. We do also share that information with third parties for advertising & analytics. Got it! or More info Sections Apps Gear Tech Creative Money Insights Launch World Distract Offers About TNW About Team Advertise Contribute Jobs Contact TNW Sites News Conference TNW NYC Index TQ Deals Answers Cyberspace Culture MacBook Pro battery sucks so badly Apple ditched the ‘time remaining’ indicator by Mix — in Apple 711 shares Last week, Apple came under fire from a mob of outraged customers crying out their brand new Touch Bar-equipped MacBook Pro laptops don’t seem to last nearly as long as the 10 hours the company promises on its website. In an effort to curb criticism, the Big A has made an executive decision to ‘fix’ the issue by axing the ‘time remaining’ estimate that shows up in the status bar once you click the battery icon. Get the latest CES 2017 news TNW is at CES 2017! Get the low-down on the latest and most insane tech being showcased in Las Vegas. Feed me tech The change comes with the latest reiteration of macOS Sierra (10.12.2) which started rolling out yesterday. Apple fixes MacBook Pro battery life by removing time estimate: https://t.co/c2GcQG88yd pic.twitter.com/0vuFFcTLs9 — Marco Arment (@marcoarment) December 13, 2016 It remains unclear whether the ‘time remaining’ indicator will reappear once Apple’s engineering team has resolved all complications with the battery – but I certainly hope so. And case the problems continue to persist, well… If the battery life of the revolutionary new MacBook Pro with Touch Bar is a concern, buy a second fucking MacBook Pro. pic.twitter.com/NXHEHiR6Dg — not Jony Ive (@JonyIveParody) December 4, 2016 Apple has been dealing with a string of product-related issues recently. Following a litany of complaints, last month Cupertino finally acknowledged some of its iPhone 6 models have been affected by screen glitches, more commonly known as ‘Touch Disease.’ If this wasn’t enough, a few days later the tech giant also announced it’ll be replacing a small batch of iPhone 6 handsets with faulty batteries free of charge – a problem that subsequently turned out to be much more widespread than initially thought. The revamped MacBook Pro had an outstanding opening week, raking in more sales in the laptop market during its first five days of retail than competitors did in ten months. But a mishap like this could leave a serious dent in sales, if the company fails to adequately tackle the complications. Better act quick, Apple. Why Apple is removing ‘time remaining’ battery life estimates following MacBook Pro complaints on 9to5Mac Read next: Google Drive now makes it easy to switch from iOS to Android AppleGear Share on Facebook (235) Share on Twitter (269) Mix is a reporter from Amsterdam. Happy to hear your thoughts on dimitar@thenextweb.com or @Mixtatiq on Twitter. Mix is a tech writer based in Amsterdam that loves cinema and probably hates the movies that you like. Tell him everything you despise about his work on Twitter or pitch him your terrible ideas via email. Contact Mail Tweet Location Amsterdam Posts 387 Posts / mo. 24.04   All posts by Dimitar > The latest articles around Apple Apple insiders claim Mac development may no longer be a priority Mix Apple's hits and misses in 2016 Matthew Hughes 4k drone footage shows just how far Apple's new 'Spaceship' campus has come Bryan Clark Shh. Here's some distraction The hunt for the fastest growing company of Europe Arno Nijhof 9 of the biggest trends to watch out at CES 2017 Napier Lopez Conan O'Brien's Clueless Gamer segment is getting its own show Abhimanyu Ghoshal Epson’s augmented reality headset lets you pilot a drone as God intended Bryan Clark 10 of the most captivating videos that broke the internet in 2016 Mix The most memorable tweets, memes and web sensations of 2016 Mix Comments Recommended 9 of the biggest trends to watch out at CES 2017 Napier Lopez Most popular 1 Vine will shut down for good this month Abhimanyu Ghoshal 2 Anti-surveillance apparel hides your face from facial recognition software Mix 3 Glyph is a portable movie theater powered by your smartphone Bryan Clark 4 Razer built a laptop with 3 screens and it's kind of amazing Napier Lopez 5 Audi is teaming up with Nvidia to build a self-driving car by 2020 Abhimanyu Ghoshal Never miss out Stay tuned with our weekly recap of what’s hot & cool by our CEO Boris. Thank you! Do it Join over 260,000 subscribers! Who's Hiring Add your company ABN AMRO Reinventing the world of banking Philips Embrace the unexpected Facebook Build and make an impact Amazon We are a company of pioneers Latest This bloody Home Alone remake is infinitely more hilarious Mix Zazu is a cross-platform app launcher with plenty of tricks up its sleeve Abhimanyu Ghoshal Turn into an undisputed Adobe Creative Suite pro with 130+ training courses for just $39 TNW Deals This tiny 2 TB personal cloud could solve all your storage problems Napier Lopez Sony wants you to stop touching (or talking to) your car's infotainment system Bryan Clark This stop-motion tribute to Mario made with Rubik's Cubes will make your brain hurt Abhimanyu Ghoshal Conan O'Brien's Clueless Gamer segment is getting its own show Abhimanyu Ghoshal Google Calendar wants to help you lose all that holiday weight with new fitness features Abhimanyu Ghoshal Here's your first look at Windows 10's upcoming design overhaul Abhimanyu Ghoshal Meet the first truly wearable smart breast pump Esther Cohen Nex Evolution is one of the most crazily-hackable wearables around Matthew Hughes Nurugo is the world’s-smallest smartphone microscope Bryan Clark Dolby Atmos on Windows 10 will finally bring surround sound to the masses Napier Lopez T-Mobile's new unlimited data plan is what all phone plans should be like Napier Lopez Dobby is a pocket-sized drone with some serious video chops Bryan Clark Bill Gates Your most unhappy customers are your greatest source of learning. Share Upcoming Events CES Jan 5, 2017 SXSW Mar 10, 2017 TNW Conference May 18, 2017 Popular Companies Amazon eBay Facebook Google Yahoo Trending Topics iPhone MacBook Playstation Samsung Galaxy YouTube Events About Team Advertise Contribute Jobs Contact © 2006–2017 The Next Web B.V. Made with ♥ in Amsterdam. Powered by Stay tuned Treat yourself Sit back and let the hottest tech news come to you by the magic of electronic mail. Thank you! Sign up Prefer to get the news as it happens? Follow us on social media. 1.65M followers 763K likes Help us out Who are you? Got two minutes to spare? We'd love to know a bit more about our readers. Start! All data collected in the survey is anonymous. ↑ ↓ Navigate up/down Enter Go to article / Search new term Esc Close search
Engadget Login Home Gear Gaming Culture Entertainment Science Video Reviews Public Access Buyer's Guide Log in Sign up Show More Results Engadget 3 related articles Login Apps that rely on Google Hangouts won't work after April 25th Ampd Energy hopes to make pollution-prone diesel generators obsolete Theranos is laying off another 155 employees Latest in Culture The first Hyperloop test is now just months away 1h ago View Apps that rely on Google Hangouts won't work after April 25th 1h ago View Wikileaks considers exposing verified Twitter users' data (Updated) 2h ago View Introducing the Best of CES 2017 finalists! 2h ago View Image credit: REUTERS/Noah Berger save Save share Apple will pay out $2 million to California retail employees Former Apple Store workers claimed they were denied proper breaks and timely paychecks. Andrew Dalton, @dolftown 12.15.16 in Business Comments 884 Shares Share Tweet Share Save REUTERS/Noah Berger A long-running class action lawsuit between Apple and employees of its retail stores in California came to a quick conclusion today. The lawsuit was originally filed in 2011 by four former employees but expanded in 2014 to include around 20,000 Apple retail employees in California. The suit alleged that Apple failed to give employees adequate breaks, failed to pay wages in a timely manner after employees left the company and failed to provide accurate wage statements. The case finally went to court in San Diego back in October, and as Apple Insider reports today a jury has now ordered Apple to pay out $2 million in restitution. The settlement works out to about $95 per employee included in the class, and $2 million is a tiny fraction of the $42.4 billion Apple pulled in during Q3 alone. For its part, Apple claimed it has offered adequate breaks in accordance with California Labor Code for years before the lawsuit was filed. The company has not yet commented on today's settlement, but the employees who were denied breaks while helping customers pick out new iPhones and iPhones will see their cash as soon as the lawyers get their cut. Source: Apple Insider In this article: apple, AppleGenius, AppleLawsuit, AppleRetail, business, california, ClassActionLawsuit, culture 884 Shares Share Tweet Share Save Comments Sign In 22m 22m ago in Home LG put Alexa in a refrigerator and it seems like a great idea The company's Smart InstaView fridge puts Amazon's virtual assistant to work ordering groceries and more. By B. Steele,  22m ago save Save share View 44m 44m ago in Personal Computing NVIDIA's GeForce Now let me play 'The Witcher 3' on a MacBook Air It works well, but the high price might be an issue. By D. Hardawar,  44m ago save Save share View 1h 1h ago in Transportation The first Hyperloop test is now just months away We sat down with the people hoping to change transportation forever. By D. Cooper,  1h ago save Save share View 1h 1h ago in AV LiquidSky streams your games to any device for free So long as you're OK with ads. By J. Conditt,  1h ago save Save share View 1h 1h ago in AV AirTV conveniently pairs streaming with over-the-air channels The Sling TV guide and 4K are nice touches too. By B. Steele,  1h ago save Save share View More Stories From around the web About About Engadget About Our Ads Advertise Brand Kit Contact Us RSS Feed Sections Reviews Gear Culture Entertainment Gaming Science Public Access Video Podcasts Deals Contribute Public Access Send us a tip! Support International Español 繁體中文 简体中文 日本版 Deutschland UK Apps Android iPhone iPad Join Our Newsletter Subscribe Follow Us © 2017 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Reprints and Permissions Privacy Policy Terms of Use Trademarks Advertise ear icon eye icon text file
Home India Politics Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports Travel Footballnext Food Photos World Lifestyle Blogs Live TV TV Shows TV Videos Latest News Business Health And Fitness Podcast Demonetisation Immersive Gossip Compare India Pro Wrestling Badminton League #SWAGphoneIsComing Home India Politics Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports All Sections LIVE TV Home India Politics Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports Travel Footballnext Food Photos World Lifestyle Blogs Live TV TV Shows TV Videos Latest News Business Health And Fitness Podcast DemonetisationImmersiveGossipCompare IndiaPro WrestlingBadminton League#SWAGphoneIsComing Demonetisation Immersive Gossip Compare India Pro Wrestling Badminton League #SWAGphoneIsComing Top 5 Most Popular Smartphones in 2016 Globally 7 Things Consumers Want From Affordable Smartphones FreeCharge, Twenty Four Seven Tie up to Make Grocery Payments Cashless Motorola Invites Developers to Join Mods Ecosystem News18 » Tech 3-min read Top 5 Most Popular Smartphones in 2016 Globally News18.com First published: December 15, 2016, 11:27 AM IST | Updated: December 15, 2016 Google has released the 2016 recap of searches to reveal the most searched smartphones on Google globally. Here is the list of the top 5 most popular smartphones globally. (Image: News18.com) Whether you actually buy the latest high-end smartphone or not, you do love to stay informed with the best in the mobile industry. Google has released the 2016 recap of searches to reveal the most searched smartphones on Google globally. Here is the list of the top 5 most popular smartphones globally. 1) iPhone 7 The latest Apple iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus grabbed the attention of the entire world when Apple dropped the traditional 3.5mm headphone jack in its iPhones. However, the iPhone 7 really does not have much to offer in terms of experience for users to upgrade from the iPhone 6S when compared to the iPhone 7 Plus. Also read: Apple iPhone 7 Plus review Watch video: Apple iPhone 7 Plus review 2) Freedom 251 The sub-$4 smartphone never became a reality, however, the Freedom 251 amazed the world when it had claimed that a full-fledged Androi smartphone was actually possible for just Rs 251. It was soon discovered, that it more of a gimmick to gain public attention after the company—Ringing Bells failed to deliver sufficient quantities of Freedom 251 units, making it the biggest tech disappointment of 2016. Also read: What Happened to The World Cheapest Android Phone Freedom 251? 3) iPhoneSE The iPhone SE was aimed at first-time Apple buyers and those who want to upgrade from the iPhone 5S and 5C, which had not been updated in over two years. The iPhone SE is equipped with a longer-lasting battery than the iPhone 5s and have faster wireless connections. It also works with Apple Pay, the company's digital wallet. The phone comes in four colour options- silver, gold, space grey and rose gold. Launched for Rs 39,000 in India, the Phone SE was a minor upgrade for most. Also read: Apple iPhone SE review: A good phone, but not meant for power users 4) iPhone 6S Soon after the launch of the new iPhone 7, the iPhone 6S and 6S Plus received a massive price cut in India. Apple iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus runs on Apple's own A9 chip with 64-bit architecture and an embedded M9 motion coprocessor. This was also the first phone to come with Apple's 3D touch technology. Also read: Apple iPhone 7 vs iPhone 6s: Who Should Buy What? 5) Google Pixel The first smartphone made by Google in partnership with HTC took on the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus head on. With the latest Android Nougat 7.1 operating system, the Pixel and Pixel XL smartphone offers the exclusive Google Assistant. Google Pixel smartphone offers 5" Full HD AMOLED with Gorilla Glass 4 protection, 2.15GHz quad-core 64-bit Snapdragon 821 processor, 4GB RAM, 12.3MP (f/2.0) rear camera, 8MP front camera, 2770mAh (Fast charging), 32GB or 128GB (No microSD card support), NFC, 3.5mm headphone, USB Type-C, Fingerprint scanner. The Google Pixel XL comes with a similar spec sheet apart from a 5.5-inch Quad HD AMOLED display and a bigger 3450mAh battery. Also read: Google Pixel XL Review: The Best Android Phone if You Don't Want an iPhone 7 Plus Watch video: Google Pixel Xl review Google Google 2016 Search Google Pixel Google Year in Search From Our Network Uttar Pradesh polls 2017: Samajwadi Party, BJP shouldn't underestimate Mayawati's BSP- FirstPost Pakistan PM Nawaz Sharif rekindles Kashmir issue, calls Burhan Wani a 'charismatic leader'- FirstPost Pakistan's regional languages face extinction amid political unrest and migration- FirstPost Recommended For You change of guardVirat Kohli in the Right Phase to Take Over From MS Dhoni: R Ashwin #PowerfulThis Woman's Poem On Bengaluru Mass Molestation Is Winning The Internet New Mustang in townFord Mustang Has Got a New Owner: Rajnikanth's Son in Law Dhanush Birthday Special!AR Rahman Turns 50: 25 Songs That Need To Be On Your Playlist Ignis' special emojiPrior to Maruti Suzuki Ignis Launch, Twitter Releases Ignis Emoji About Us Privacy Policy Disclaimer Contact Us Sitemap Complaint Redressal Advertise With Us sections India Lifestyle States Tech Politics Auto Sports iVideos Football Power Circuit Latest News 5 Killed, 8 Hurt in Shooting at Florida's Fort Lauderdale Airport, Gunman Held Vigilance Registers Case Against Former Kerala Minister Jayarajan NRIs Can Deposit Old Bank Notes Till June 30 Watch: India @9 With Zakka Jacob China's Nuclear-powered Submarine Spotted at Pakistani Port Watch LIVE From Network18 News18 India CricketNext News18 States Pradesh18 Bangla News Gujarati News Urdu News Marathi News Topper Moneycontrol Firstpost CompareIndia History India MTV India In.com Burrp CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2016 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP, displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of NEWS18.com does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them. © Copyright Network18 Media and Investments Ltd 2016. All rights reserved. © Copyright Network18 Media and Investments Ltd 2016. All rights reserved.
Our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy have changed. By continuing to use this site, you are agreeing to the new Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. To CNNMoney business culture gadgets future startups To CNNMoney Transition of Power Trump sits down with top Silicon Valley execs by Seth Fiegerman and Laurie Segall   @CNNTech December 14, 2016: 6:23 PM ET Trump meets with tech execs Donald Trump and Silicon Valley want to pivot to a better working relationship. Top execs from Amazon (AMZN, Tech30), Tesla (TSLA), Apple (AAPL, Tech30), Facebook (FB, Tech30), Alphabet (GOOGL, Tech30) and several other large tech companies met with the president-elect in New York on Wednesday after months of clashing. "In the world, there's nobody like the people in this room," Trump told the executives gathered, according to a pool report. "Anything we can do to help this go along, we'll be there for you." "You'll call my people, you'll call me. It doesn't make any difference," Trump continued. "We have no formal chain of command around here." Trump sat at a large boardroom table between Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg and VP-elect Mike Pence on one side and investor Peter Thiel and Apple CEO Tim Cook on the other. Trump's three adult children attended the meeting as well, sitting together at one end of the table. The three main areas discussed were jobs, immigration and China, according to a source briefed on the meeting. Immigration, in particular, has been a source of anxiety among tech companies who worry about filling high-skilled positions and treatment of their employees. Trump and the tech leaders also touched on issues like vocational training, infrastructure projects and repatriation of foreign assets. The last of those may be the biggest boon to Silicon Valley. Apple alone has more than $200 billion parked overseas. The group agreed to meet on a quarterly basis. "The meeting today was very informative and productive, and President-elect Trump and his team were extremely engaged," Andrea Duffy, a spokeswoman for Cisco (CSCO, Tech30), said in a statement. "The group discussed critical matters related to job creation and innovation in the United States." The tech summit was a striking shift for both camps. On the campaign trail, Trump threatened to boycott Apple, went after Amazon for antitrust violations and called out Facebook's founder for his immigration policies. The tech industry returned the favor by slamming Trump as "a disaster for innovation" and rallying for Hillary Clinton. "Now that we are out of the campaign cycle, we have to move into constructive mode," says Aaron Levie, CEO and cofounder of Box (BOX) and a vocal Clinton supporter. "This is the next administration." Related: Silicon Valley could spar with Trump on these issues George Zachary, a venture capitalist and friend of Elon Musk's, suggested it was all about appearances. "There is at least the impression of communication going on," Zachary told CNNMoney. "This impression will at least diffuse some of the distance and tension that has been built up over the last couple of years." Though the execs in attendance were caught on camera going in and out of Trump Tower, they didn't stop to talk to the press. Invitations to meet with Trump were signed by Trump's son-in-law and adviser Jared Kusher, chief of staff Reince Priebus and Thiel. Thiel, a Facebook board member and rare Trump supporter in Silicon Valley, has emerged as perhaps the strongest bridge between the tech industry and the incoming administration. Case in point: Alex Karp, the CEO of Palantir, a secretive data startup cofounded by Thiel, attended the event. Palantir contracts with federal agencies like the Department of Justice and Immigration and Customs Enforcement. Perhaps the most notable absence from meeting was Twitter (TWTR, Tech30), the service that Trump can't seem to live without. And there were conflicting explanations as to why. One source familiar with the matter said Twitter was "bounced" from the meeting by Republican National Committee communications director Sean Spicer. The source said it was retaliation for the fact that Twitter prohibited Trump's presidential campaign from creating an emoji for the hashtag #CrookedHillary. Another source close to the Trump transition said Twitter was simply not big enough. Most businesses at the table dwarf Twitter in sales, market valuation and number of employees. Separately, Trump added Musk and Uber CEO Travis Kalanick to his team of business advisers. "My administration is going to work together with the private sector to improve the business climate and make it attractive for firms to create new jobs across the United States from Silicon Valley to the heartland," Trump said in a statement about the appointments Wednesday. Some of those in attendance at Wednesday's meeting have already tried to offer Trump symbolic victories. On Tuesday, IBM CEO Ginni Rometty published a column in USA Today pledging to hire 25,000 workers during Trump's first term in office. Trump could push others in the room Wednesday to make similar announcements. In one recent interview, Trump said he spoke with Apple CEO Tim Cook about building a large manufacturing facility in the U.S. "I said to Tim Cook, 'It's my ambition to get Apple to build a great plant, your biggest and your best," Trump said, "even if it's only a foot by a foot bigger than some place in China.'" -- Kristin Wilson and Jake Tapper contributed to this report. CNNMoney (New York) First published December 14, 2016: 11:42 AM ET Social Surge - What's Trending A record 75 straight months of job growth under Obama Apple cuts Tim Cook's pay 15% for missing sales goals Repealing Obamacare could cost 3 million jobs, study finds Mortgage & Savings Powered by LendingTree Terms & Conditions apply NMLS #1136 CNNMoney Sponsors Partner Offers Paid Partner NextAdvisor Paid Partner Transferring your balance to an 18-month 0% APR is ingenious 7 outrageous credit cards if you have excellent credit The best credit cards for 2017 Jaw-dropping cards charging 0% interest until 2018 The highest paying cash back card has arrived Most stock quote data provided by BATS. Market indices are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer. Morningstar: © 2016 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Factset: FactSet Research Systems Inc. 2016. All rights reserved. Chicago Mercantile Association: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Dow Jones: The Dow Jones branded indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by DJI Opco, a subsidiary of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and have been licensed for use to S&P Opco, LLC and CNN. Standard & Poor's and S&P are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor's Financial Services LLC and Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. All content of the Dow Jones branded indices © S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC 2016 and/or its affiliates. © 2016 Cable News Network. A Time Warner Company. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy. AdChoices.
Sections You are not signed in.Sign inRegister HomeDevelopmentPublishingPolitics & LawMedia & MarketingMobileVR & ARFinancialAcademiceSportsEventsGames Industry Jobs Where now for Call of Duty? The world's biggest shooter series is under threat, but Activision still holds all the cards Christopher Dring Senior Editor Wednesday 14th December 2016 Share this article Recommend Tweet Share I stumbled upon an online 'discussion' on my Facebook wall last week that was debating the recent decline in iPhone sales. One poster was arguing, quite legitimately, that a drop in iPhone sales was not necessarily a problem for Apple, and that the only time it should be worried is if there was a drop in iPhone users. As long as people are still using iPhones, buying apps on the App Store and listening to music via Apple Music, then it doesn't really matter if they bought the latest model or not (unless you're a component manufacturer or a shop). There's a reason I'm discussing Apple in a piece on Call of Duty, because there's potentially an interesting parallel between the iPhone and the world's most popular first person shooter. The recent Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare was commercially disappointing. Early US figures (for boxed sales) suggests the game's first month performance was around 50 per cent lower than last year's Black Ops III. In the UK, the new game is currently tracking 37 per cent behind its predecessor (that is an improvement over where it was a month ago, but we're still talking hundreds of thousands of units down). We could spend all day postulating as to why these figures are so much lower - from the digital transition to softer market conditions. But the question that matters to Activision (and the wider games business) is: where have these lost Call of Duty players gone? "The biggest threat to this year's Call of Duty may have been last year's Call of Duty Battlefield 1 from EA is one possibility, and that game has certainly been a big success. Yet its sales are largely in-keeping with how well that franchise has always performed - it's certainly trending in line with last year's Battlefront and 2011's Battlefield 3. So there's no real evidence to suggest that there's been a major defection from one franchise to the other. Titanfall 2 may have had an impact. It is made by the former Call of Duty creators and has certain similarities to that IP. However, this game has been a big disappointment commercially and its early sales suggests that far from hurting Call of Duty, the reverse has occurred. There is a third competitor to Call of Duty this year, one that Activision - of all companies - should have foreseen. And that competitor is Call of Duty. According to SuperData, 2015's Black Ops III was still selling over 30,000 units a month in the UK in the period building up to this year's Infinite Warfare. The firm also says that Black Ops III had a far higher level of engagement after launch than its predecessor (2014's Advanced Warfare) and was generating more money per user, too.  "The main thing is that Advanced Warfare didn't introduce microtransactions until May 2015, so six to seven months into the game's lifecycle," SuperData told GamesIndustry.biz. "Black Ops III, however, had those from December, about one month in. If you look at ARPU [average revenue per user], Black Ops III's number is much higher than Advanced Warfare almost all the time. That's because people have something to spend money on from the very beginning. Also if you look at Monthly Active User curve, Black Ops III is much higher. That's because it's part of the most beloved sub-franchise, so it attracted way more players and managed to keep them longer - partly again because of microtransactions." Black Ops III was a big success for Activision, and with consumers engaging with games for longer (see Rainbow Six: Siege, Destiny and Star Wars Battlefront), it's entirely reasonable to suggest that some gamers didn't buy the new Call of Duty because they were still playing the last one. In fact, considering the engagement figures surrounding Black Ops III, it seems short-sighted of Activision that it stopped developing new maps after just half a year. The model around video games has changed, and most developers are releasing DLC and launching special events for its titles for years after release, not just months. This isn't a concept that's alien to Activision Blizzard, in fact the firm helped pioneer and popularise the idea through the likes of World of Warcraft and Destiny. Advanced Warfare, Black Ops III and Infinte Warfare... I think That's not to suggest Call of Duty should move out of its current annual cycle like Assassin's Creed has - at least not yet. For all the negative headlines around Infinite Warfare, the game has still been a major seller. In the UK, it's fast approaching 1m sales - that's much slower than last year, but it is still ahead of Battlefield 1 and only bettered by FIFA 17. That figure alone proves that it still has a sizeable addressable audience that is willing to buy the game every 12 months. Yet it does suggest that Activision and its three developers - Infinity Ward, Treyarch and Sledgehammer - should take a more pragmatic approach to the type of Call of Duty it makes each time. The last three Call of Duty games - Advanced Warfare, Black Ops III and Infinite Warfare - were all set in the near(ish) future, with advanced weaponry and sci-fi mech suits. Is there a need to buy this sort of experience every year? Call of Duty's brand identity is broad, taking in multiple eras over its 13-year history, which means there's no need for the repetition that the brand is currently suffering from. EA has been doing a far more effective job with its variation. If you take away Titanfall for a second (which is actually owned and developed externally), EA's last four major shooter games have been Battlefield 4 (set in the future), Battlefield Hardline (a crime-based cops vs robbers-style experience), Star Wars Battlefront (licensed sci-fi) and Battlefield 1 (historical... sort of). All four titles are capable of living side-by-side, because although they ultimately appeal to the same audience, they do offer alternative experiences that means it's far more reasonable for these gamers to invest in more than one. Call of Duty is still a powerful gaming brand, and its overdue Hollywood adaptation could see it become even more widespread. Yet despite its futuristic settings, the series' business strategy is starting to look decidedly out-of-date. Sign up for The UK Publishing & Retail newsletter and get the best of GamesIndustry.biz in your inbox. Related stories PlayStation reorganises European senior management team Simon Rutter becomes COO and Tim Stokes named senior VP as president Jim Ryan stresses the importance of regional strength By Christopher Dring 15 hours ago Steam paid revenue flat in 2016 despite escalating releases - Steam Spy More than 5,000 games hit Valve's store last year, but "truly big games" were in shorter supply By Matthew Handrahan 16 hours ago Latest comments (3) Dr. Chee Ming Wong , Opus Artz Ltd24 days ago A simpler suggestion...is to develop a Games as a service model for the Call of duty franchise.... 0Sign inorRegisterto rate and reply Jeff Kleist Writer, Marketing, Licensing 23 days ago The biggest shame is Black Ops is terrible. Infinite warfare was superb, the Wing Commander 6 I waited so long for, Space Above and Beyond (Space 2063 for Brits) the game. The story was great and emotionally engaging. I stopped buying COD, but the sheer quality and freshness of this one sucked me back. There's five days starting tomorrow where you can play the first few levels, I highly recommended t 0Sign inorRegisterto rate and reply Pete Thompson Editor 21 days ago You'll always find gamers complaining that they have had enough of things such as Call of Duty's futuristic settings, exo-suits, boosters and the pointless no scoping. Personally I agree with them, and I would much prefer to play CoD games that return the series closer to WWII. There's hundreds of thousands of stories of heroism from WWI, WWII, Vietnam, Falklands, Iraq, Afghanistan etc. that could be explored by one of the trio of Call of Duty developers to put an end to the futuristic settings that gamers are becoming ever increasingly tired of. 0Sign inorRegisterto rate and reply Sign in to contribute Email addressPasswordSign in Need an account? Register now. Now hiring
  Choisissez la langue de votre document : bg - български es - español cs - čeština da - dansk de - Deutsch et - eesti keel el - ελληνικά en - English (Selected) fr - français ga - Gaeilge hr - hrvatski it - italiano lv - latviešu valoda lt - lietuvių kalba hu - magyar mt - Malti nl - Nederlands pl - polski pt - português ro - română sk - slovenčina sl - slovenščina fi - suomi sv - svenska Parliamentary questions 2 December 2016 E-006507/16 E-006531/16 Joint answer given by Ms Vestager on behalf of the Commission Written questions: E-006507/16 , E-006531/16 In principle, in a state aid procedure, the Commission does not assess the taxation of the beneficiary in other Member States. Therefore it cannot advise Member States as to how they should do their tax audits or investigations. The state aid investigation into Apple concerned two tax rulings granted by Ireland to two Irish incorporated companies, Apple Sales International (ASI) and Apple Operations Europe (AOE), and not the taxation of Apple companies in other Member States. However, subject to the application of national rules and the possibility to (re)open the tax assessment period, other Member States could also, within their own national competencies, potentially reconsider the tax assessment of ASI's operations in their territory. This could potentially lead to the conclusion that ASI also has a taxable presence in other Member States to which part of the profits need to be allocated. That means that the recovery amount in Ireland might be reduced. To this end, Member States could use the standard information exchange and tax administrative cooperation tools. The recovery amount could also be reduced if the US would require ASI and AOE to pay larger amounts of money to their US parent company for research and development efforts in the recovery period. These adjustments should however be at arm's length. The Commission's assessment is contained in the decision, which will be published once an agreement is reached with Ireland as regards confidential information. Finally, an appeal does not suspend the execution of a Commission decision, so a Member State is still obliged to recover the aid amount. Last updated: 14 December 2016 Legal notice
  Choisissez la langue de votre document : bg - български es - español cs - čeština da - dansk de - Deutsch et - eesti keel el - ελληνικά en - English (Selected) fr - français ga - Gaeilge hr - hrvatski it - italiano lv - latviešu valoda lt - lietuvių kalba hu - magyar mt - Malti nl - Nederlands pl - polski pt - português ro - română sk - slovenčina sl - slovenščina fi - suomi sv - svenska Parliamentary questions 28 November 2016 E-006828/16 E-006639/16 Joint answer given by Ms Vestager on behalf of the Commission Written questions: E-006828/16 , E-006639/16 The state aid investigation into Apple concerned two tax rulings granted by Ireland to two Irish incorporated companies, Apple Sales International (ASI) and Apple Operations Europe (AOE), and not the taxation of Apple companies in other Member States. The decision assessed if Ireland allocated the right amount of profits, generated outside the Americas, to the Irish branches of ASI and AOE. It does not question the choices made by Apple on how it set up its company structure in Europe. The Commission found that Ireland had annually granted illegal state aid to ASI and AOE and ordered Ireland to recover this illegal aid over the last 10 years. Ireland announced that it will appeal the decision before the European Courts. Other Member States could also, within their own national competencies, potentially reconsider the tax assessment of ASI's operations in their territory. This could potentially lead to the conclusion that ASI also has a taxable presence in other Member States to which part of the profits need to be allocated. That means that the recovery amount in Ireland might be reduced. To this end, Member States could use the standard information exchange and tax administrative cooperation tools. The Commission's assessment is contained in the decision, which will be published once an agreement is reached with Ireland as regards confidential information. Last updated: 14 December 2016 Legal notice
International Business Times UK UK LATEST NEWS Crime Property Culture Royalty World Latest News USA Europe Asia Africa Middle East The Americas Business LATEST NEWS Economy Companies Markets Finance Regulation Politics LATEST NEWS Fintech Latest news Blockchain Cryptocurrency Technology LATEST NEWS Smartphones Cybersecurity Innovation Social Media Games Motoring Science LATEST NEWS Space Environment Health Nature Archaeology Sport LATEST NEWS Football Tennis Golf Cricket F1 UFC Entertainment LATEST NEWS Movies Celebrity TV Music WWE Opinion LATEST NEWS Interview Analysis Reviews Video LATEST NEWS Business Technology Science Sport Entertainment Pictures LATEST NEWS Conflict Travel Arts Science Animal & Wildlife Photography Competition Log out Newsletter Signup Search Technology Wearables watchOS 3.1.1 bricking some Apple Watches forces company to pull update Affected owners have been asked to return their Apple Watches in return for new ones. By Agamoni Ghosh December 15, 2016 05:27 GMT Apple Watch users who updated to watchOS 3.1.1 may be at risk of facing a bricking issue Chris McGrath/Getty Images Apple has pulled the watchOS 3.1.1 update after several users complained that it bricked their Apple Watches. "A very small number of Apple Watch customers experienced an issue while installing watchOS 3.1.1, so as a precaution we've pulled back the software update. Any customers impacted should contact AppleCare, but no action is required if the update installed successfully. We are working on a fix for an upcoming software update," the company said in a statement. The problem came to light when Series 2 owners of the Apple Watch posted the issue on Reddit. Soon some users of the first edition of the Apple Watch also reported facing the same issue where users were left with their watches displaying a red exclamation mark on the screen and a link to www.apple.com/help/watch, post the update. The issue is slated to be fixed in the upcoming update of the watchOS and until then anyone affected can try performing a force restart by pressing down and holding both the side button and Digital Crown for at least 10 seconds. If the hard reset does not solve the issue, users will have to visit the Apple store. Some users say they have already been notified by Apple that they will be getting their replacement devices soon provided they ship back the affected Apple Watch to the company. These users claim the replacement is free of cost as of now. More from IBTimes UK No, the Apple Watch isn't doomed but time is up for other smartwatches Apple Watches banned in UK cabinet as 'the Russians are trying to hack everything' Apple wants the Watch to track our sleep patterns Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close Samsung QLED TV series unveiled at CES 2017 Columnists Ella Whelan “The Women's March on Washington is a pointless protest for middle-class feminists READ MORE IBT Media to host AI and Data Science in Capital Markets event AI and Data Science in Capital Markets takes place 1-2 March 2017 at... UK video game deals: The Last Guardian, Dishonored 2, Call of Duty, Xbox One bundle and more Your round-up of the week's best gaming deals and discounts. Is this 'leaked' Samsung Galaxy S8 photo actually a fake? Concept renders shared on Weibo are the work of a graphic artist. QLED vs OLED: What's the difference? A brief guide to the latest TV tech OLED and QLED may be similar in principal, but are in fact completely... D-Link routers and IoT cameras could give hackers easy access to 'live video and audio' FTC said D-Link failed to live up to its advertising which promised... Dakar Rally 2017: Spectacular photos of the world's most gruelling motorsport event Photographers are following the action, taking spectacular photos in... Apple's first retail store in South Korea will open in Samsung's back garden Cupertino giant brings iPhones, MacBooks and more to 'Samsung City'. CES 2017: Dell launches XPS 13 convertible model, Dell Canvas, 8K monitor, Latitude 7285 and more The company has also updated the XPS 15 with improved performance. Former Snapchat employee accuses company of inflating growth figures ahead of IPO Snap Inc rejects the claims and says the lawsuit is entirely without... Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS
Just In 4hrs Stop India from fuelling terror, Pak urges U.N. 5hrs Pakistan PM pays tribute to Om Puri 6hrs ‘160% rise in killings of Naxals in 2016’ 6hrs Aadhaar now mandatory for EPF pension scheme 6hrs Aircel-Maxis deal: Will look into Chidambaram’s role, says court 6hrs FERA case: HC confirms Rs. 28-cr. fine on Dhinakaran 6hrs India lacks plan for global rescue: Study 6hrs Amarinder dares Kejriwal for a fight 6hrs Eminent jurist Weeramantry dead 6hrs Russia begins military drawdown in Syria 6hrs Hate crime charges against 4 after attack 6hrs Grow up Donald, says Joe Biden in interview 6hrs Envoys appointed by Obama to be recalled 6hrs Five shot dead at Florida's Fort Lauderdale airport With “enough proof,” Israeli Police again quiz Netanyahu on graft suspicion CLOSE THIS MENU TRENDING TODAY Chennai Hyderabad Bengaluru Videos Entertainment Today's Paper ePaper News National International States Andhra Pradesh Karnataka Kerala Tamil Nadu Telangana Other States Business Agri-Business Industry Economy Markets Cities Bengaluru Chennai Coimbatore Delhi Hyderabad Kochi Kolkata Mumbai Kozhikode Madurai Mangaluru Puducherry Thiruvananthapuram Tiruchirapalli Vijayawada Visakhapatnam Opinion Editorial Lead Comment Columns Interview Cartoon Open Page Readers' Editor Letters Sport Athletics Cricket Football Hockey Motorsport Other Sports Races Tennis Entertainment Art Dance Movies Music Reviews Theatre Society Faith History & Culture Books Reviews Authors Children Life & Style Fashion Fitness Food Motoring Travel Homes and gardens Technology Gadgets Internet Sci-Tech Agriculture Environment Health Education Careers Colleges Schools Multimedia Photos Videos Podcast Data Specials Crossword Resources Tags thREAD Archive Classifieds eBooks Subscribe Social About Us CONNECT WITH US CLOSE THIS MENU Home News National International States Cities Opinion Cartoon Columns Editorial Interview Lead Readers' Editor Comment Open Page Letters Business Agri-Business Industry Economy Markets Stock Quotes Sport Cricket Football Hockey Tennis Athletics Motorsport Races Other Sports Entertainment Art Dance Movies Music Reviews Theatre Life & Style Fashion Fitness Food Motoring Travel Homes and gardens Society Faith History & Culture Books Reviews Authors Sci-Tech Science Technology Health Agriculture Environment Gadgets Internet thREAD Trump holds talks with top Silicon Valley executives, including Nadella Share On JUST IN 4hrs Stop India from fuelling terror, Pak urges U.N. 5hrs Pakistan PM pays tribute to Om Puri 6hrs ‘160% rise in killings of Naxals in 2016’ 6hrs Aadhaar now mandatory for EPF pension scheme 6hrs Aircel-Maxis deal: Will look into Chidambaram’s role, says court 6hrs FERA case: HC confirms Rs. 28-cr. fine on Dhinakaran 6hrs India lacks plan for global rescue: Study 6hrs Amarinder dares Kejriwal for a fight 6hrs Eminent jurist Weeramantry dead 6hrs Russia begins military drawdown in Syria 6hrs Hate crime charges against 4 after attack 6hrs Grow up Donald, says Joe Biden in interview 6hrs Envoys appointed by Obama to be recalled 6hrs Five shot dead at Florida's Fort Lauderdale airport With “enough proof,” Israeli Police again quiz Netanyahu on graft suspicion CLOSE News National International States Cities 2016 in review News International International Trump holds talks with top Silicon Valley executives, including Nadella PTI New York December 15, 2016 10:28 IST Updated: December 15, 2016 13:23 IST Share Article PRINT A A A U.S. President-elect Donald Trump sits with Vice President-elect Mike Pence, PayPal co-founder and Facebook board member Peter Thiel , Apple Inc CEO Tim Cook and Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg during a meeting with technology leaders at Trump Tower in New York, U.S.   PTI New York December 15, 2016 10:28 IST Updated: December 15, 2016 13:23 IST more-in United States President-elect Donald Trump on Wednesday had a meeting with Silicon Valley’s most powerful executives, including CEO of Microsoft Satya Nadella, in a first high-profile summit with technology leaders with whom he was at odds throughout his campaign. “I am here to help you folks do well,” Mr. Trump told them during a meeting, which his spokesman said was one of the series of such meetings, at the Trump Tower here. The purpose of the meeting, the transition team said in a readout, was to begin a conversation and partnership “in order to spark innovation and create more jobs” in the U.S., particularly for working Americans. 'Reach out to me directly' During the meeting, Mr. Trump expressed an open mind and willingness to listen, which was greatly received by industry leaders in attendance. “There is nobody like you in the world. There is nobody like the people in this room and anything we can do to help this go along, we will be there for you and you will call my people, you will call me, it does not make any difference, we have no formal chain of command around here,” Mr. Trump said. He told them to reach out to him anytime they want. ‘More jobs for Americans’ “We are gonna do fair trade deals and make it a lot easier for you to trade across borders because of a lot of restrictions, a lot of problems and if you have any ideas on that that would be, that would be great because there are a lot of border restrictions and a lot of border problems, you probably have less of a problem than some companies. Some companies have massive problems. But we are going to solve those problems,” he said. Besides Mr. Nadella, others who attended the meeting were Jeff Bezos of Amazon, Safra Catz of Oracle, Tim Cook of Apple, Alex Karp of Palantir, Brian Krzanich of Intel, Elon Musk from Tesla, Larry Page and Eric Schmidt of Alphabet (parent company of Google), Chuck Robbins of Cisco, Ginni Rometty of IBM and Sheryl Sandberg from Facebook. During the Tech Summit, Mr. Trump and the CEOs discussed a wide range of issues, including creating more jobs for Americans, eliminating barriers preventing US companies from doing business outside, America’s competitive trade dynamic and market access with China, cutting taxes, repatriation of American profits kept overseas by prohibitive tax rates, improving physical and digital infrastructures, and protecting intellectual property rights, among others. They also discussed improving US’ cybersecurity, updating government software systems, technology in schools, need for greater vocational education opportunities, reducing bureaucracy and introducing greater accountability in the government procurement process. More In International Related Articles << Previous Story US report says China adds weapons to South China Sea islands Next Story >> Trump knew that Russia meddled in US election: White House Please Wait while comments are loading... This article is closed for comments. Please Email the Editor Printable version | Jan 7, 2017 6:54:05 AM | http://www.thehindu.com/news/international/article16832737.ece © The Hindu Trump’s Israel ambassador pick hopes to shift embassy to Jerusalem In March, at the annual conference of the American Israel Public Affairs Committee (AIPAC) Mr. Trump had promised to shift the embassy to Jerusalem. Varghese K George Ushering in 2017 Enthusiastic welcome to the New Year from India and around the world. Top Picks in The Hindu today Ecstasy and agony as snow carpets Kashmir Om Puri was the face of the common man, on screen Passengers: A space cocktail only its director would like All you need to know about the H1-B visa programme Bill Guess the A.R. Rahman song Kohli in the right phase to take over from Dhoni: Ashwin Ranji finals: can Gujarat stop the Mumbai juggernaut? Om Puri’s six defining roles Ravaged by militants, 3,000-year-old Nimrud is now a looters’ den Om Puri was the gentlest person: Naseeruddin Shah Close X Next Story >> Trump knew that Russia meddled in US election: White House Home News Opinion Business Sport Entertainment Life & Style Society Books Sci-Tech thREAD THE SITE About Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contacts Archive Subscribe GROUP SITES The Hindu தி இந்து Business Line BL on Campus Sportstarlive Frontline The Hindu Centre RoofandFloor STEP Publications eBooks Images Classifieds Send your feedback to: web.thehindu@thehindu.co.inCopyright© 2016, The Hindu
Skip to content Skip to content Home About Our Authority Authors / Contact Privacy Notice Archives Advertise Here! The Pub Flyer/Card Think Tank Entrepreneurs Know Your Enemy Barack Hussein Obama aka Barry Soetoro: World Citizen Cable News Propagandists George Soros – Bringing Down America Rush Limbaugh The 10 Wealthiest Members of Congress The Federal Reserve The Global Warming Myth The Supreme Court U.S. Chamber of Commerce Hometown Corporate Mafia The Wendt Gang Red Pill Documentaries The United States Constitution The Federalist Papers The Anti-Federalist Papers The Word From the Trenches Archives Choose from 5 Gift Options with a minimum donation of $35 Or you can mail donations to Henry Shivley at P.O. Box 964, Chiloquin, OR 97624 ← No Offense Marine drops TRUTH BOMB about VA horrors → Trump Tries to Soothe Tech Chiefs With Pledge He’s an Ally Posted on December 14, 2016 by Martist MSN (Bloomberg) — Technology industry leaders including Facebook Inc.’s Sheryl Sandberg and Amazon.com Inc.’s Jeff Bezos met with Donald Trump on Wednesday, seeking to persuade a man whose presidential bid many of them opposed to avoid policies they believe would hurt their companies. “I’m here to help you folks do well,” Trump told the executives as the meeting began on Wednesday.   Trump has a prickly relationship with the industry. He differs with many tech CEOs on immigration, internet security and regulation and on government investment. This summer, more than 140 tech industry executives published an open letter denouncing his candidacy and declaring that he “would be a disaster for innovation.” Oracle Corp. co-CEO Safra Catz, who like most other CEOs at the Trump Tower meeting did not sign the letter, said that trade would be at the top of the agenda. Trump has promised to unwind the Trans-Pacific Partnership, a trade agreement President Barack Obama negotiated with 11 other Pacific Rim nations. He’s also said he would seek to renegotiate the North America Free Trade Agreement. “This is a very important meeting,” Catz said before hand. “Better trade deals are tremendously important to us. We are net exporters. Over 60% of our sales are overseas. So better trade deals are very much in our interest.” Trump told the executives at the meeting that he would make “fair trade deals. We’re going to make it a lot easier for you to trade across borders.” The meeting also included Alphabet Inc.’s Larry Page and Eric Schmidt, Intel Corp. CEO Brian Krzanich, Microsoft Corp. CEO Satya Nadella, Cisco Systems Inc. CEO Chuck Robbins, Apple Inc.’s Tim Cook, Palantir Technologies Inc. CEO Alex Karp and International Business Machines Corp. CEO Ginni Rometty. Rometty also serves on a panel of CEOs advising Trump on business and economic matters. Bezos is Amazon’s CEO; Sandberg is Facebook’s chief operating officer. Campaign Donations Employees of internet companies donated more than ten times as much money to Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton’s campaign than to Trump — $5.6 million compared with $54,472, according to data compiled by the Center for Responsive Politics, a Washington-based group that tracks money in politics. Before Wednesday’s meeting, some technologists debated whether invitees should even attend. A few top industry executives that were invited, including Uber Technologies Inc.’s Travis Kalanick and Airbnb Inc.’s Brian Chesky, didn’t go. Both companies said their CEOs had conflicting travel. Trump announced on Wednesday that Kalanick and Elon Musk would both join Rometty on his advisory panel, the President’s Strategic and Policy Forum. Despite any reservations, most corporate executives would jump at the chance to press their agendas with the new leader of the world’s largest economy. And there are areas of common ground. The largest U.S. technology companies hold hundreds of billions of dollars overseas and would like to bring that money back at a favorable tax rate. Trump has called for tax reform to allow such repatriation and has said revenue from the move could fund improvements to U.S. infrastructure. Trump noted that the U.S. stock market has enjoyed a “bounce” since his election — the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index was up about 5.7 percent since Nov. 8. ” “They’re all talking about the bounce so everybody in this room has to like me at least a little bit,” he said. Gary Shapiro, president of the Consumer Technology Association, said most of the disagreement between Trump and the tech industry has been over social issues rather than business. “Trump is in a transition from running for office to serving in office. He will want Apple and other major tech companies to succeed,” Shapiro said before the meeting. Trump’s three oldest children, Donald Jr., Eric and Ivanka, all participated in the meeting, as well as Ivanka’s husband, Jared Kushner, venture capitalist Peter Thiel and Vice President-elect Mike Pence. Trump has said that Donald Jr. and Eric will take over leadership of his business while he is president; their dual roles as influential advisers to their father has raised conflict-of-interest concerns. Trump sat at a long conference room table with Pence to his right, followed by Sandberg, Page and Bezos. To his immediate left sat Thiel, followed by Cook and Catz. Schmidt was among tech executives across the table. Trump thanked Thiel, perhaps his strongest supporter in Silicon Valley, for helping to organize the meeting, calling him “terrific and so outstanding.” Job Moves During his campaign, Trump criticized U.S. corporations for moving jobs to other countries, and since his election, he has threatened “consequences” for companies that send work offshore. Earlier in the year, he said that he’d aim to get Apple to make its products in the U.S. Apple has suppliers make most of its products in China; moving that work to the U.S. would likely increase the cost of iPhones and iPads. Some big technology companies made what appeared to be pre-emptive moves ahead of the meeting with Trump. IBM’s Rometty unveiled a plan to hire about 25,000 people in the U.S. over the next four years. Apple may back a $100 billion technology fund that aims to invest about half the money in the U.S. and has pledged to create 50,000 new domestic jobs. Hours before the meeting, Bezos announced Amazon’s first delivery of a consumer product by drone to a customer. The test was conducted in England because Amazon says the U.K.’s regulations are less restrictive. Trump has vowed to ease regulations across the government. –With assistance from Todd Shields and Cory Johnson To contact the reporters on this story: Selina Wang in New York at swang533@bloomberg.net, Terrence Dopp in Trenton at tdopp@bloomberg.net. To contact the editors responsible for this story: Alex Wayne at awayne3@bloomberg.net, Jillian Ward at jward56@bloomberg.net, Alistair Barr, Jon Morgan ©2016 Bloomberg L.P. http://www.msn.com/en-us/news/politics/trump-tries-to-soothe-tech-chiefs-with-pledge-he%E2%80%99s-an-ally/ar-AAlzp1b?li=BBnbcA1 Share this: Print Email Share on Tumblr Tweet Pocket This entry was posted in News. Bookmark the permalink. 589 ← No Offense Marine drops TRUTH BOMB about VA horrors → 2 Responses to Trump Tries to Soothe Tech Chiefs With Pledge He’s an Ally # 1 NWO Hatr says: December 14, 2016 at 5:23 pm “I’m here to help…” Just like the pigs… right, Chump? “During his campaign, Trump criticized U.S. corporations for moving jobs to other countries, and since his election, he has threatened “consequences” for companies that send work offshore.” Especially since there’s so much CHEAP (ILLEGAL) MEXICAN LABOR already here, RIGHT??? Reply BMF says: December 14, 2016 at 9:16 pm Trump wants the big tech companies to be willing allies in his planned expansion of the police/surveillance state, assuming they aren’t already. Can I say again how perplexing it is that so many Americans think Trump is the “peace and freedom” candidate? I think he’s going to be GW Bush on steroids. Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Doom and Bloom The Distillery Network E-Cigarettes Listen Live Monday - Friday 12 pm - 2 pm Pacific Call in line:  (641) 715-3610 Conference line:  220029# The Word From the Trenches Archives RICO REALTY The Looted Trillions Roscoe Reports US National Debt Clock Search Articles Search for: Connect     Notify of New Posts Email Address Get your AE 9/11 and Israel/Palestine Information Packets Help Support From the Trenches Or you can mail donations to Henry Shivley at P.O. Box 964, Chiloquin, OR 97624 This Land Photos Recent Comments Jolly Roger on The Word From the Trenches – January 6, 2017 Pioneer on Christ’s crucifixion might be ‘too distressing’ for some UK university students Jolly Roger on The Word From the Trenches – January 6, 2017 mary on This Is Why You Need To Stop Using Vaseline Pioneer on Male college students to undergo ‘critical self-reflection’ of masculinity Pioneer on High school ditches ‘Stallion’ mascot because it’s … ‘sexist’ Jeno on 50 Taiwanese pole dancers escort 76yo politician’s funeral procession JD US Marine Fighting Tyranny on Alert: Hard left, communist radicals launch de facto coup attempt in America Samuel on Police: Suspected Gunman Got Into An Argument During Flight Pioneer on California Funds 1st US Inmate Sex Reassignment # 1 NWO Hatr on Police: Suspected Gunman Got Into An Argument During Flight JD US Marine Fighting Tyranny on Traitor! Samuel on Alert: Hard left, communist radicals launch de facto coup attempt in America Katie on Alert: Hard left, communist radicals launch de facto coup attempt in America # 1 NWO Hatr on Gunman kills 5 at Fort Lauderdale Airport shooting, situation remains active avgjoe on Gunman kills 5 at Fort Lauderdale Airport shooting, situation remains active # 1 NWO Hatr on The Word From the Trenches – January 5, 2017 # 1 NWO Hatr on The Word From the Trenches – January 6, 2017 Hal Apeeno on 50 Taiwanese pole dancers escort 76yo politician’s funeral procession # 1 NWO Hatr on This Is Why You Need To Stop Using Vaseline Help Support From the Trenches  Subscribe in a reader © 2010 - 2016 From the Trenches World Report Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
CNET Reviews Best Products CNET 100 Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Crave Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home CNET Smart Home CNET Smart Apartment Smart Home News Smart Home How To Best Smart Home Devices Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español CNET Tech Culture Tech ads 2016: Microsoft best, Apple worst Tech ads 2016: Microsoft best, Apple worst Commentary: There were a lot of ads. Many sniped at competitors. Some, though, lost their way. Tech Culture by Chris Matyszczyk December 14, 2016 8:00 PM PST @ChrisMatyszczyk Up Next CES is finally open: Here's what you missed Technically Incorrect offers a slightly twisted take on the tech that's taken over our lives. Enlarge Image They did it right.Photo by Microsoft/YouTube screenshot by Chris Matyszczyk/CNET If I asked you to tell me about all the tech ads you've seen this year, I wonder how many you'd remember at all. Our attention spans are even shorter than our tempers these days. We block ads. We mute them. We disdain them. How many ads, though, still get through and somehow make us feel something, anything? In my life-addled case, not too many. In reviewing what tech companies put out -- in terms of "conventional" advertising in 2016 -- I was surprised how few took risks and how many still preferred to carp at a competitor. What follows is, of course, a highly subjective view of tech ads in a year that so many would love to end. But in looking at ad after ad, it seems that -- more than ever -- they're statements of confidence, as much as they're tools of sales. Confidence isn't, however, empty bravado. And that's where Apple -- which perpetrated one of my favorite ads this year -- also slipped into self-regarding puffery a little too often. Let's save the best for first Let's start with the good And, seeing as we just mentioned Cupertino, let's start with Apple. The most affecting, but not affected, Apple ad this year was a work of art that celebrated the European Soccer Championships. It so perfectly rendered the humanity and deep joy of the game. And it was all shot by iPhone users on their gadgets. Other tech ads that lifted my spirits included the marvelous campaign from Girls Who Code. It captured all of the stereotypes held by men and stuffed them straight down their complacent gullets. (Sample line: "When I'm not menstruating, I'm ovulating. So there's no time to code at all." Amazon, too, offered social commentary in an excellent ad that included the product but didn't over-include it. This was a tale of a Christian priest, an imam, their knees and some hope. Google offered a simple, moving spot against bullying during the Oscars broadcast. A rock, some paper and a pair of scissors became friends. You see, anything is possible. Mostly, tech organizations seemed to do their best work when raising issues or celebrating events, rather than selling products. One of the best product-selling achievements came from Spotify. It offered a very amusing billboard campaign that actually made big data seem useful for a change. (Sample headline: "Dear person who made a playlist called: 'One Night Stand With Jeb Bush Like He's a Bond Girl in a European Casino.' We have so many questions.") Samsung did well with Lil' Wayne pouring champagne on his Galaxy S7, until the Note 7 started blowing up and people poured scorn all over the brand. I give my ad of the year to something that isn't, on the surface, the most inventive campaign idea at all. It's the YouTube video for Microsoft's Surface Studio. But this is why it moved me. Here was a product that was, arguably (but please don't argue with me now), the most exciting piece of hardware produced this year. On the other hand, this was Microsoft. And the last time it created a very different piece of hardware -- the original Surface -- it sold it (or didn't) using teeny dancers in one of most dizzily painful wastes of work and lucre I've ever seen. Now, here was Redmond saying nothing and showing everything. Pictures and music delivered something that made many sit and stare -- more than 10 million and counting on YouTube. This was both stylish and confident. And, because I can visualize the myriad mistakes old Microsoft would have made with this ad, I doff it my cap of glory. The in-betweeners, cellphone providers As ads come and go, cellphone companies stick around. Like skittish monkeys in a cage, they toss, um, mud at each other. I confess to mostly enjoying it. Sprint actually hired the old Verizon "Can You Hear Me Now? spokesman, who proceeded to claim that his old employers were a bunch of miserable whiners. In turn, Verizon released ads that said the "Hear Me Now" tagline was completely irrelevant because no one talks on the phone anymore. T-Mobile had to do something about this. So it started going on about how useless Verizon's data plans are. Yes, with stars such as Nicki Minaj. Meanwhile, AT&T looked at all this and tried to stay on the sidelines. Instead, it created a very moving campaign against texting and driving. I'd like to thank all these companies for at least deciding not to be dull, each in their own ways. The worst, at last There were many. Razer was especially memorable for knocking the MacBook Pro with the "humor" of a prepubescent adolescent. There was Samsung, which wanted you to believe that a fridge was an excellent location for an orgy. The company also wanted to convince you that real men wear Samsung watches. Of course, they do. Who could not weep at PayPal attempting to claim it was the "new money," while insulting Benjamin Franklin? Somewhere, Satoshi Yakamoto snorted over a beer. IBM, for some reason, got into bed with Bob Dylan. Art wasn't consummated. HTC actually had the misguided notion of mocking Apple's "1984" ad. It didn't go well. Who could not marvel without wonder at Microsoft insisting that the MacBook was as useful as a hat for a cat? Now that we've mentioned the MacBook, it seems time for Apple's little disappointments. Perhaps it's because the company has made relatively few outright mistakes with ads that some just struck one with a dollop of "Oh? Um, really? No. Really?" There was the ad that claimed the new (and disappointing) MacBook Pro is at the pinnacle of great ideas. It's one thing to be confident. It's another to dabble in fake news. There was the sudden brainwave that the iPad Pro was now a computer, something that Apple had resolutely resisted. This gave Microsoft an easy opportunity to mock Apple. It did, Apple-style. More Technically Incorrect Watch Stephen Hawking and 'Star Trek' cast use intellect to find cat Kanye West returns to Twitter, reveals substance of Trump meeting Bill Gates says Donald Trump has chance to inspire like JFK Cupertino also offered us an opulently confusing ad for iPhone 7, featuring a man, a phone, a dive and a damp squib. Perhaps the oddest departure into, well, I don't know, was an Apple Music ad in which Apple's Senior Vice President of Internet Software and Services Eddy Cue actually appeared and acted with less aplomb than Martin Scorsese would wish. Perhaps it's trying to imagine any Apple executive in Steve Jobs' time appearing in an ad that makes this all fall beneath the waterline of belief. There were worse individual tech ads than any of these, of course. But it's this cumulative lack of focus and inspiration that somehow brings Apple to my bottom, as it were. Some would argue that this is reflected in the products currently, too. Apple's standards have always been so sharp and so meticulous that its ad output this year too often seemed neither of those things. Similarly, with Microsoft, the ad expectations have generally been low. This time, at least in one instance, Redmond excelled. You can argue with me now. Share your voice 0 comments Tags Technically Incorrect Apple Tech Culture Tech Industry Microsoft Related Stories Nick Offerman: Ron Swanson would hate CES (Q&A) Watch how 'Rogue One' brought back young Princess Leia, Tarkin Smile! Man tries to rob store that sells surveillance cameras Trump tweet-scoffs at Schwarzenegger's 'Apprentice' ratings Close   Discuss: Tech ads 2016: Microsoft best, Apple worst Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: CES is finally open: Here's what you missed A quick ride in Faraday Future's blisteringly quick FF 91 This prototype of the FF 91 may lack an interior, but it still goes like hell -- and parks itself, too. by Tim Stevens 2:25 Nvidia's new Shield TV and Dell's Canvas debut The latest from CES 2017 includes Nvidia's new Shield TV and Spot combination, a new Amazon store coming to New York City and Dell's artist-focused Canvas PC features a drafting board and display combo. by Jeff Bakalar Close Drag CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
Toggle navigation Toggle search All your technology ... Menu Skip to content Home News About Us Contact US Privacy Search: All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Apple iOS 10.2 Has Three Nasty Surprises – Forbes Posted on December 14, 2016 by Forbes iOS 10 is only three months old but with iOS 10.2 Apple is already onto its fifth update (sixth if you include iOS 10.0.1 which Apple quickly bolted into the original release) and iOS 10.2.1 is already in testing. Why? Because ladies and gents, while … Apple Support gets its own standalone iOS appMacworld Apple releases iOS 10.2.1 beta 1 for developers to test on iPhone, iPad and iPod touch9 to 5 Mac Apple’s iOS Support app comes to the USCNET Digital Trends -Gotta Be Mobile -The Verge -eWeek all 441 news articles …read more wrote 24395 posts Post navigation ← Older Newer → All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Archives Archives Select Month January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 July 2014 June 2014 Recent News The BlackBerry Mercury is TCL’s entry into enterprise – TechCrunch Samsung Galaxy A3 & Galaxy A5 (2017) hands-on and up close from CES 2017 – Phone Arena AMD declares Ryzen will be a four-year architecture, details overclocking plans, emphasizes hard launch – ExtremeTech Facebook’s new head of news partnerships, Campbell Brown, has ties to Trump’s education nominee – Washington Post Nvidia Adding Google Assistant, Hands-Free Voice Control to Shield Android TV – PC Magazine Subscribe to our Newsletter Email * © 2017 All your technology news in one place! - Powered by WordPress - Melany theme by deshack
Jump to Navigation AU EDITION | Saturday, January 07, 2017 As of 12:11 PM AEST Subscribe AU Edition Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition U.K. Edition U.S. Edition FOLLOW | Make IBT your homepage Search Home Business News Sports Life Entertainment Video Technology Microsoft Translator launches: World's first personal universal translator is compatible with iOS and Android [VIDEO] By Alvin Alcalde @ULB1N on December 15 2016 3:14 PM 0 0 0 0 An electronic Microsoft logo is seen at the Microsoft store in New York City, July 28, 2015. Reuters/Mike Sega Microsoft has been pushing boundaries the last few years. The Redmond, Washington-based company is no longer lagging behind rival Apple when it comes to innovation and it certainly shows with its new devices and enhancements. The tech giant’s latest exploit, the Microsoft Translator, is definitely a useful and welcome addition to the app-driven world. READ: Apple MacBook Pro 2016 is a 'disappointment,' says Microsoft Following the launch of the Skype Translator for mobile and landline calls, Microsoft has unveiled the world's first personal universal translator. The Microsoft Translator does its work in real-time and can translate in-person exchanges with up to 100 speakers using a computer, tablet or a mobile phone. The Microsoft Skype Translator and the Google Translate app, meanwhile, can only accommodate a two-person conversation. The Microsoft Translator allows users to speak in their native tongues and still be able to understand each other. It’s convenient and permits communication in numerous languages across various devices, which makes it a great travel tool. Not only can the Microsoft Translator app run on Apple iPhones and other Android handsets, it’s also compatible with Apple Watches and Android Wear watches. Watch: The new Microsoft Translator The Microsoft Translator can translate spoken conversations in nine languages: Arabic, English, French, German, Italian, Mandarin Chinese, Portuguese, Russian and Spanish. It can translate written text in up to 50 languages. The translator learns how to interpret words based on real-world speech, not pre-programmed commands. This basically means that the Microsoft Translator is steadily going to get better the more people use it. READ: Nokia 150 launch: Specs, price and release date revealed “The machine translation technology itself is powered by algorithms running in the cloud, using deep neural network-based translations, which offer more fluid, human-sounding translations than the predecessor technology known as statistical machine translation,” said Microsoft in a blog post. The Microsoft Translator live preview feature is currently available in the Microsoft Translator apps for Amazon Fire, Android, iOS and Windows. It also has its own dedicated website. Submit Correction 0 0 0 Related Microsoft Surface Phone 2017 update New MacBook Pro is a 'disappointment,' says Microsoft Join the Discussion 0 0 0 Search Most Shared Most Read 1 'Days of Our Lives' spoilers for Jan. 2 – 6, 2017: Rafe learns about Stefano’s death; Nicole says goodbye to baby; Theo and Valerie square off 0 Shares 2 ‘Game of Thrones’ season 7 spoilers: Flashback scene 0 Shares 3 Golden State Warriors vs Dallas Mavericks live stream: Watch NBA live on TV, preview, start time 0 Shares 4 'Outlander' season 3: Back from break it's back to production 0 Shares 5 ‘Star Wars: Episode 8’: Snoke’s interest in Rey 0 Shares 6 ‘Vikings’ season 4 episode 16 spoilers: Lagertha meets her demise 0 Shares 7 ‘Vikings’ season 4: Ivar, Bjorn will become more famous than Ragnar 0 Shares 8 'Wentworth' season 5 release date, spoilers 0 Shares 9 'The Young and the Restless' spoilers for Jan. 3 – 6: Genoa City opens the year with a heated family feud, unrequited love and continued deception 0 Shares 10 'The Young and the Restless' (Y&R) spoilers for Jan. 2, 2017: Dylan takes on a new identity; Sharon learns who tripped her; Devon is rushed to the hospital 0 Shares Follow Us Please enter a valid email Like us Follow us Full site feed Australian house prices defy predictions, soar fastest in 7 years Woolworths to sell petrol sites to BP for $1.8M Woolworths' Supplier Connect to roll out in 2017 Nokia and Apple trade lawsuits World’s safest airlines 2017: Qantas tops the list again ASC will be shedding 130 people by Feb end More Business Economy Markets Companies Real Estate Banking & Finance Funding axed for Malek Fahd Islamic school Kings Park Crash Gold Coast one-punch attack Miss Lebanon 2016 to lose title after drug arrest Man racially attacks family in Melboune park Tourists arriving in SA warned about extreme heat More News Australia Asia Pacific Africa The Americas Europe Middle East Kyrie Irving leads Stephen Curry, James Harden with most All-Star votes NBA Trade News: Cavaliers acquire Kyle Korver from Hawks Houston Rockets vs Oklahoma City Thunder live stream: Watch NBA live on TV, preview, start time Los Angeles Lakers vs Portland Trail Blazers live stream: Watch NBA live on TV, preview, start time Rafael Nadal speaks on tennis match-fixing NBA 2K17: 2017 All-Star jerseys now available More Sports AFL NRL Rugby Union Cricket Soccer Tennis Motor Sports Basketball NFL Fight Sports More HTC Vive Tracker set for Q2 release, can turn any object into VR controller [VIDEO] Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon review: One for the professionals ‘Pokemon Go’ new update can be released anytime now Razer Project Valerie: The first and only laptop with 3 fully automated displays [VIDEO] iPhone 7 Plus vs iPhone 6S Plus vs iPhone 6 Plus: Battery performance comparison [VIDEO] Chinese New Year 2017: Good luck gifts More Life Environment & Science Health & Wellbeing Gaming Technology Travel & Food Fashion & Beauty Art & Design ‘Teen Wolf’ season 6 gives fans a chance to visit the set and act for the final episodes ‘Vikings’ season 4 episode 17: Katheryn Winnick answers if Lagertha dies Beyonce, Radiohead and Kendrick Lamar to front Coachella 2017; Australian acts join annual music event Presence of Kanye West in Kim Kardashian’s family photos; Naomi Campbell talks about Paris attack like Kim's [VIDEO] 'The Blacklist' season 4 updates: New clip hints at tension among Liz, Samar and Aram; new photos on 'Lipet's Seafood Company' released ‘Grimm’ season 6 spoilers: Scared Monroe; Double Trubel More Entertainment Movies TV Celebrities Music McLaren 570GT Review: Grand, But No Touring Car IBTimes Newsletters Sign up to get the latest headlines delivered to your inbox every morning. We value your privacy. Your email address will not be shared. Sections Home Business News Sports Life Entertainment Video IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Careers Contact Terms of Service Privacy Policy IBT Media Syndication Editions Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumour Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Contact Us The Bitbag Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumors Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Firmware Updates Apple iPhone 7s News, Rumors: iPhone 7s to Feature Less Than 1mm Bezel LCD Display? By Kiko Antonio Posted on December 15, 2016 Share Tweet Share Share Email Based on rumors, many would know by now that Apple might be planning on releasing three versions of its iPhone next year. The first two will be the usual iteration which will be the iPhone 7s and the 7s Plus. While the third one is said to be the 10th Anniversary iPhone or the iPhone 8. Apart from the iPhone 8, the other iPhones will sport the usual IPS LCD display. That being said, new reports revealed that the iPhone 7s and the 7s Plus will have a display with bezels thinner than 1mm. According to rumors, the iPhone 8 will sport a curved edge-to-edge AMOLED display to match its dual glass casing. Not wanting to be left out, Apple could be adding the micro-bezel feature on the iPhone 7s and the 7s Plus. READ ALSO: Apple iPhone 8 Release Date, Rumor: iPhone 7s and 7s Plus Coming Next Year Along with iPhone 8 Digitimes has reported that Japan Display will start offering bezel-less LCD displays by 2017. This along with a new flexible LCD technology will be the company?s main offering to combat the AMOLED display. iPhone 7 in all available colors (via apple.com) In the past, Japan Display has played a major part in the LCD manufacturing industry. However, the increasing demand for AMOLED display means that the LCD is being left behind. Instead of investing on new infrastructure for AMOLED manufacturing, Japan Display bolstered its efforts in improving the LCD display. In fact, the company is now in the position to offer the new bezel-less as well as flexible LCD displays. READ ALSO: Apple iPhone 8 Rumors: Apple Working With Synaptics For New Virtual Home Button? Having an almost bezel-free iPhone 7s or 7s Plus will definitely catch on with a lot of Apple fans. For years, countless 3D renderings have surfaced on the internet on what people would want their iPhone to be. Nevertheless, most of these renders share something in common, they all want a bezel-less iPhone. Since the iPhone 8 is already rumored to have a curved screen, having a bezel-free iPhone 7s sounds just about right. Perhaps Apple will indeed grace the slightly cheaper iPhones with such display. Nevertheless, for those who can really afford it, you could probably opt for the iPhone 8 when it comes out next year. READ ALSO: Apple MacBook Pro 2016 Woes Boosts Microsoft Surface Book i7 Sales; Surface Pro 5 Release To Be A Hit! For more updates on the iPhone 7s, the 7s Plus and the iPhone 8, be sure to check us out at TheBitbag. Related Items:Apple iPhone 7s, iPhone 7s Release Date, iPhone 7s Specs Share Tweet Share Share Email Recommended for you iPhone 7s News, Specs & Update: iPhone to Feature New Color and A11 Chip Apple iPhone 8 Release Date, Rumor: iPhone 7s and 7s Plus Coming Next Year Along with iPhone 8 About the author Kiko Antonio A self-professed tech junkie who writes tech-related stories for TheBitBag. Loves traveling, reading, and making stuff. Full-time practicing Electronics Engineer. Post navigation Nintendo Switch Virtual Console: Mother 3 Leaked, Other VC Games Possibly Coming Legend Of Zelda Breath Of The Wild Wii U Release: What To Expect Featured Gravity Rush 2 Powers: Kat Throwing Water Bubbles Excites Fans League Of Legends Warwick Rework: Singed Turns Champion Into Fantasy Wolverine Every Bit Of News In One Dynamic Site: The Bitbag is your one-stop source of news, reviews, features, how-tos, and most relevant information on today?s hottest and most trending topics in the world of Tech, Social Media, Entertainment, and Lifestyle. So if you have anything you want discussed, or you?ve got a few hot tips to share, get in touch with us at contact@thebitbag.com. LATEST NEWS WWE 2K17 Future Stars Pack DLC: New Moves We Can Expect It’s been said many times: the WWE 2K17 Future Stars Pack is highly anticipated... Gears Of War 4 Update: Quitting Penalties, Bans, And More Coming In ‘Season 2’ Recently, the next Gears of War 4 update was confirmed on its official forums.... Final Fantasy 15 DLC: Episode Prompto Play Area Possibly The Whole Niflheim Map In Final Fantasy 15, each of Noctis’ friends has a DLC that focuses more... Mass Effect Andromeda Combat Mechanics: Everything We Know So Far Bioware’s Mass Effect Andromeda is shaping to be one of the most anticipated titles... Mass Effect Andromeda CES 2017 Gameplay Trailer Worries Fans Mass Effect Andromeda just debuted a new gameplay trailer during the Consumer Electronics Show... POPULAR TAGS Pokemon Go Apple Xbox 360 PS3 Microsoft android Xbox One Sony Nintendo iPhone Pokemon ps4 Ubisoft google Samsung Playstation 3 The Division no man's sky PC iOS Editors Pick EA mobile gaming facebook playstation 4 pokemon sun and moon fallout 4 featured Capcom Marvel Stephen Heller iPhone 7 iPad Game of Thrones games Blizzard NBA 2k17 snskid NBA Trade Rumors PlayStation About Us Privacy Policy Contact Us Meet The Team Copyright ? 2016 - Tune Media. All right reserved. To Top
Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumour Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Contact Us The Bitbag Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumors Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Tech News iOS 10.2 Jailbreak Download, Release News: It’s Probably Never Going To Happen By Michael Jay Toledo Posted on December 15, 2016 Share Tweet Share Share Email Apple recently released an update to its system, the iOS 10.2. As a result, users are wanting to finally have their hands on the jailbreak of the OS. However, it seems like they should not expect the hackers to release it anymore for there are several proof that it may never happen at all. For those who are not familiar with the term ?jailbreak?, it is the process of hacking an operating system to bypass its restrictions. Through this, users will also be able to install and download unapproved apps and features. These are the reasons why consumers want to jailbreak the latest OS of Apple. However, there are several speculations that the jailbreak may never arrive. It is mainly because the Cupertino-based company has exerted so much effort to make its system impenetrable. Also, even the hackers seem to have given up cracking down the operating system. Related: iOS 10.2 Emojis Released in new iPhone & iPad Update First, we have jailbreaker Luca Todesco. The hacker?s recent tweets are clear indications that making an iOS 10.2 Jailbreak is impossible. ?Rip jelbrek?,? said his tweet. He also added that the OS ?went on a bug killing spree.? These statements somehow suggest that cracking down the system is not just difficult, but indeed unfeasible. The more popular Pangu, on the other hand, has remained silent for quite some time already. Ever since Apple released the iOS 10, users never heard anything from the hacker. There were first speculations that he was just waiting for Apple to release an update before releasing his jailbreak tool. However, we now have iOS 10.2 and clearly, the hacker has not released anything. Related: iOS 10 Jailbreak Release News Details, Pangu to Release iOS 10 Tool Very Soon? As a result, rumors start to circulate online. There are claims that Pangu has already quit making jailbreaks for Apple?s iOS. Not because he just want to, but because it is impossible to penetrate the system and crack it down. On the other hand, there are some who still believe that Pangu will soon release a jailbreak tool. But, evidence of it happening is nowhere to be found. How about you? Do you think hackers will still release an iOS 10 Jailbreak some time soon? Or, will it never arrive because of Apple?s efforts? Share your thoughts in the comment section below. Also read: 5 Reasons Why You Should Download The New iOS 10.2 OS Update Related Items:iOS 10.2, iOS 10.2 Jailbreak, iOS 10.2 Jailbreak Download, iOS 10.2 Jailbreak Release News Share Tweet Share Share Email Recommended for you iOS 10.2 Jailbreak Release Still Possible to Happen Soon, iOS 10.2 Jailbreak Release Still Possible, Luca Todesco Recommends Users to Save SHSH2 Blobs iOS 10.2 Jailbreak Release Soon from Stefan Esser iOS 10.2 Jailbreak Release, Tools: Pangu Might Have a Way to Break the New OS Update About the author Michael Jay Toledo Michael is a reader of sorts. He also likes to watch movies and TV series in his spare time. The Tech and Entertainment writer of TheBitBag.Com is also a great fan of basketball and a player himself. Michael graduated with a degree in journalism. Post navigation Tinder Virtual Reality Headsets teaches People a New Perspective on Dating Could an iPhone SE 2 Still Be Possible in 2017? Here’s the Most Likely Answer Featured Gravity Rush 2 Powers: Kat Throwing Water Bubbles Excites Fans League Of Legends Warwick Rework: Singed Turns Champion Into Fantasy Wolverine Every Bit Of News In One Dynamic Site: The Bitbag is your one-stop source of news, reviews, features, how-tos, and most relevant information on today?s hottest and most trending topics in the world of Tech, Social Media, Entertainment, and Lifestyle. So if you have anything you want discussed, or you?ve got a few hot tips to share, get in touch with us at contact@thebitbag.com. LATEST NEWS WWE 2K17 Future Stars Pack DLC: New Moves We Can Expect It’s been said many times: the WWE 2K17 Future Stars Pack is highly anticipated... Gears Of War 4 Update: Quitting Penalties, Bans, And More Coming In ‘Season 2’ Recently, the next Gears of War 4 update was confirmed on its official forums.... Final Fantasy 15 DLC: Episode Prompto Play Area Possibly The Whole Niflheim Map In Final Fantasy 15, each of Noctis’ friends has a DLC that focuses more... Mass Effect Andromeda Combat Mechanics: Everything We Know So Far Bioware’s Mass Effect Andromeda is shaping to be one of the most anticipated titles... Mass Effect Andromeda CES 2017 Gameplay Trailer Worries Fans Mass Effect Andromeda just debuted a new gameplay trailer during the Consumer Electronics Show... POPULAR TAGS Pokemon Go Apple Xbox 360 PS3 Microsoft android Xbox One Sony Nintendo iPhone Pokemon ps4 Ubisoft google Samsung Playstation 3 The Division no man's sky PC iOS Editors Pick EA mobile gaming facebook playstation 4 pokemon sun and moon fallout 4 featured Capcom Marvel Stephen Heller iPhone 7 iPad Game of Thrones games Blizzard NBA 2k17 snskid NBA Trade Rumors PlayStation About Us Privacy Policy Contact Us Meet The Team Copyright ? 2016 - Tune Media. All right reserved. To Top
Good News Nation World Debunked Entertainment Sports Tech Science Connect with us Morning News USA Good News Nation World Debunked Entertainment Sports Tech Science Apple Comes Up With Lots Of New Emojis Share Tweet iOS 10.1.1 Jailbreak Release Date, Latest News And Update: Lucas Todesco Offers Alternative To Crack Apple Code Microsoft Surface Tablet Release Date, Latest News And Update: More Qualcomm Snapdragon Powered Laplets Coming In 2017 MacBook Pro 2017 Release Date, Latest News And Updates: iOS Devices Nearing Stage Of Replacing Notebook Niche For Da Mao The Panda, Nothing Is Better Than Snow iPhone 6 apps Microsiervos/ Flickr CC BY 2.0 Technology Apple Comes Up With Lots Of New Emojis By Shaurya Arya Published on December 15, 2016 Share Tweet Comment Texting just became a whole lot cooler! Apple’s software update 10.2 will feature hundreds of new emojis. Some of these have long been awaited. The others show more expressions and have real-life similarities. Through this new line-up, Apple has given people a chance to articulate themselves more freely. Apple’s software update includes a host of new emojis. As noted by CBS News, the technology giant said in its release, “iOS 10 was a massive release for Messages, introducing predictions that present the perfect emoji as you type, a Tap to Replace feature that lets you ‘emojify’ any message and emoji that appear three times larger within a message when sent on their own.” “With iOS 10.2, almost every emoji has been beautifully redesigned to reveal even more detail, so using emoji is more fun than ever,” the company added. The collection of emojis that Apple has to offer includes images of food, sports and animals. An emoji of a gorilla seems to resemble Harambe. Harambe was the gorilla who was fatally shot after a child accidentally fell into its enclosure in May this year. Apple’s new emojis ‘to better reflect people everywhere’ The company has also taken a step forward by designing emojis featuring women in a variety of professional roles, including that of a scientist, judge and teacher, among others. The company said this is “to better reflect people everywhere.” In addition to iPhones and iPads, the collection of emojis will also be available for Apple Watch (watchOS 3.1.1 update) and Mac (macOS Sierra 10.12.2 update) users. Also read: MacBook Air 3 Release Date, Latest News And Update – Apple Rolling Out Last Edition In 2017? Liked this story? Follow us on Twitter and Facebook for more Apple updates. Continue Reading You may also like... iOS 10.1.1 Jailbreak Release Date, Latest News And Update: Lucas Todesco Offers Alternative To Crack Apple Code Microsoft Surface Tablet Release Date, Latest News And Update: More Qualcomm Snapdragon Powered Laplets Coming In 2017 MacBook Pro 2017 Release Date, Latest News And Updates: iOS Devices Nearing Stage Of Replacing Notebook Niche For Da Mao The Panda, Nothing Is Better Than Snow Related Topics:Apple, emoji, featured, Harambe, iPad, Iphone About Shaurya Arya Shaurya covers wide range of genres. He is in the know about the day-to-day happenings in the US. He covers politics, environment, lifestyle and sports. Follow him to know the latest development in the US Presidential Election, rescue operations during tornadoes and other calamities or simply whether those viral videos and memes are true or hoax. With a Masters in Journalism, he has a bright future ahead in the field of writing and reporting. More in Technology Science This Battery Is Powered By Bacteria By Bhaskar DekaDecember 28, 2016 Battery the size of a single sheet of paper Battery powered by bacteria-filled liquid Researchers at... Technology This University Found A Way To Fight Fake News By Jereco PalomaDecember 28, 2016 IU develops online tool to combat fake news. Experts recognize the growing concern over the issue.... Technology Google Lunar XPrize: Teams Compete To Travel To Moon For $20 Million By Bhaskar DekaDecember 23, 2016 Google Lunar XPrize to reward $20 million to teams landing on the moon to send scientific... Good News Good News Starbucks Launches Drinks Just For New Year’s By Jereco PalomaDecember 29, 2016 Good News Toast To The New Year With These Wines By Jereco PalomaDecember 29, 2016 MNU EXCLUSIVES Editor’s Pick Maritime Bhangra Group: Canada-Based Indian Dance Group Raised Money For ALS & Breast Cancer Victims By Pritha PaulDecember 29, 2016 People Yevette Vasquez Is One Of The Most Inspiring Mothers Of 2016 By Debleena SarkarDecember 23, 2016 Sports Nike LeBron 13 Review: Find Out If It’s Worth The Cop At Discount Price By Arvin MatthewDecember 15, 2016 We've Got Good News Home About Us Contact Us Meet the team Privacy Policy Copyright © 2016 - Tune Media. All rights reserved. To Top
Share 20 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-01-06 George R. R. Martin Still Silent About ‘The Winds Of Winter,’ 2017 Release Date Might Happen Entertainment 2017-01-05 Inauguration Day 2017 Entertainment Update: Trump Struggles To Get Performers While Obama’s Farewell Party Is Already Filled To The Brim Entertainment 2017-01-05 Winning Floats From 2017 Rose Parade Entertainment 2017-01-05 ‘Sherlock’ Actress Amanda Abbington’s Cryptic Tweet Could Mean Mary Is Still Alive News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2017-01-06 Charles Manson Too Risky For Surgery, Back To Prison? News 2017-01-06 Fort Lauderdale Airport Shooting: How Did Esteban Santiago Get Through Security With A Gun In His Checked Luggage? News 2017-01-06 Dylann Roof: Full Transcript Of Charleston Church Shooter’s Opening Statement News 2017-01-06 Michelle Obama Makes Tearful Promise To Young People In Moving Final Speech As FLOTUS [Video] Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Wrestling 2017-01-06 WWE News: Big Update On Shelton Benjamin’s WWE Return, Veteran Says He Won’t Be At ‘Royal Rumble’ 2017 Wrestling 2017-01-06 WWE News: NJPW Star Kenny Omega Says He Is Stepping Away From Japan, Possible WWE Jump Upcoming? Wrestling 2017-01-06 WWE News: Goldberg To Wrestle At ‘Fastlane’ In Marquee Match Set Up On ‘RAW’ Wrestling 2017-01-06 WWE News: WWE Determined To Make WrestleMania 33 Main Event Great After Watching Wrestle Kingdom 11 Main Event Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-01-01 New Year’s Resolutions You Can Actually Keep Lifestyle 2017-01-01 New Year’s Resolution Tips: Experts Tell How To Pick And Stick To Your Resolutions In 2017 Lifestyle 2016-12-31 New Year’s Resolution: 7 Things You Must Add To Your List Lifestyle 2016-12-30 Anything Open New Year’s Eve & New Year’s Day? Holiday Hours For Stores, Restaurants, Banks, Post Office As We Ring In 2017 Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-01-06 Coca-Cola Sued For Marketing Deception, What Are The Long Term Health Effects Of Sugary Drinks? Health 2017-01-05 Mysterious Marijuana Illness Spikes In Legalized States Health 2017-01-02 Over 700 U.S. Hospitals Penalized For ‘Superbug’ Infections And Patient Injuries: Is Your Hospital On The List? Health 2017-01-01 FDA Warns Pregnant Women Of High Rate Of False Positives For Zika Test: Less Than Half Of Positive ZIKV Detect Test Samples Actually Had Zika Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2017-01-06 Steam Compatible Controllers Expanding: Soon PC Gamers Can Use Console Input Devices With All Games Gaming 2017-01-06 The ‘Shenmue 3’ Release Date Is Happening, But An HD Remaster? ‘Shenmue HD’ Domain Grabbed By Sega Europe Gaming 2017-01-06 ‘Tom Clancy’s The Division’ 1.6 Update: Reddit User Finds Dark Zone Leaderboard, Possible PTS Date Hint, And Microtransactions In The Future? [Rumors] Gaming 2017-01-06 ‘Destiny’: Xur’s Exotic Goods For Jan. 6, Three Of Coins Returns BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-01-06 ‘Black Twitter’ Roasts ‘Yahoo Finance’ For N-Word Twitter Typo: ‘Trump Wants A Much N***** Navy’ Screenshot Trends BuzzWorthy 2017-01-05 Golden Globe Awards 2017: Who Will Win And Where To Watch? BuzzWorthy 2017-01-05 Zombie Outbreak Would Kill Nearly All Humanity In 100 Days, UK Scientists Claim BuzzWorthy 2017-01-05 Trump’s New Hair Photo: Combed-Back Hairstyle In Instagram Pic Makes Trump Look ‘Presidential’ SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss iPhone 8 Rumors: Apple’s Recent Patent Might Have Just Teased A Killer Feature Mobile 20 0 0 December 14, 2016 iPhone 8 Rumors: Apple’s Recent Patent Might Have Just Teased A Killer Feature Simon Alvarez A patent recently granted to Apple just teased what could be a killer feature for the tech giant’s future flagship devices. On Tuesday, the U.S. Patent Office granted Apple Patent No. 9.521,563, which references a system that would allow future iPhones to control and access multiple SIM cards in one device. That’s right, iPhones might never get expandable storage, but it seems like Apple is at least willing to invest in Dual-SIM features in the future. Dual-SIM technology has been around for some time, with industry rivals such as Samsung utilizing the feature from its entry-level devices to its flagship units. After all, the capability of a smartphone to simultaneously access two SIM cards at one time has tremendous advantages. While Apple is quite late to the dual-SIM party, the fact that the Cupertino-based tech giant is willing to explore the technology is very welcome news. [Image by frank60/Shutterstock] True to form, however, Apple’s Dual-SIM patent, which was filed April last year and granted this Tuesday, seems to refer to a technology that is quite unlike those currently utilized by the tech giant’s rivals in the smartphone industry. For one, Apple seems set on developing Dual-SIM technology that goes far beyond what the industry currently offers. If any, the patent granted to Apple would allow the tech firm to develop innovations that would allow iPhones to optimize the handling of traditional and future communication standards, according to a BGR report. “Wireless communication systems are rapidly growing in usage. Further, wireless communication technology has evolved from voice-only communications to also include the transmission of data, such as Internet and multimedia content. As wireless communication systems evolve, successive generations of wireless communication technologies tend to be developed. Adoption of a new generation wireless technology may be a gradual process, during which one or more previous generations of a similar technology may co-exist with the new generation technology, e.g., for a period of time until the new generation wireless technology is fully deployed.” With this in mind, it appears that Apple is attempting to future-proof its iPhones like never before. From what could be determined from the contents of the recently granted patent, Apple’s Dual-SIM technology seems to be designed to handle both 4G and 5G signals simultaneously. This is not all, however, as the tech giant seems to be exploring the idea of virtual SIM cards on future iPhones as well. This alone makes Apple’s Dual-SIM tech vastly different from those utilized by Samsung, Asus, Huawei, and other smartphone manufacturers. “In some embodiments (such as when the smart card(s) 310 include an eUICC), one or more of the smart card(s) 310 may implement embedded SIM (eSIM) functionality; in such an embodiment, a single one of the smart card(s) 310 may execute multiple SIM applications. Each of the smart card(s) 310 may include components such as a processor and a memory; instructions for performing SIM/eSIM functionality may be stored in the memory and executed by the processor.” [Image by Vasin Lee/Shutterstock] The iPhone 8 is arguably Apple’s most important device in years. After seemingly hitting a plateau with the iPhone 6, the tech giant’s next two devices, the iPhone 6S and iPhone 7, have been met with mixed reviews from longtime Apple fans due to the devices’ identical appearance and incremental upgrades. If any, the iPhone 8 is the flagship smartphone that would enable Apple to put itself back on the map as a leader in smartphone innovation. While Dual-SIM technology has been around for years, its recent patent appears to suggest that the tech giant would be approaching the feature with a unique angle. Of course, Apple’s Dual-SIM patent might not mean much, since the tech giant files numerous patents every year, and only a handful of them really do make it to the company’s devices. Thus, while the idea of the iPhone 8 having Dual-SIM features is interesting, there is a chance that the device might not be equipped with the technology at all. Then again, the fact that Apple is exploring the feature is indication enough that the tech giant is, after all these years, exploring new vistas once more. That, of course, translates to some very good news for iPhone owners. [Featured Image by Hadrian/Shutterstock] Now Watch This: Twitter China Chief Quits After Eight Months Now Read This: Android Nougat Updates For Samsung Galaxy S7, S7 Edge, HTC 10 & Nexus 6 Share 20 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Simon Alvarez Tags: Apple, iphone, iPhone 8 January 5, 2017 Conor McGregor Has Landed On His Next Challenge After Conquering The UFC, Acting In A Series Of Comedic Shorts January 5, 2017 Watch Team USA Vs. Team Canada Hockey Live Online: Start Time, Streaming Video For 2017 World Junior Championship Gold Medal Game View full timeline 10 hours ago Forget The iPhone 7, Leaked Images Reveal Apple’s Click Wheel iPhone Prototype 1 day ago Huawei: Amazon Alexa Artificial Intelligence Will Come Pre-Loaded On Mate 9 Androids In US Comments LATEST HEADLINES Milo Yiannopoulos Beats Out Pulse Shooting Victims For LGBTQ Publication’s Person Of The Year ‘Star Trek: Axanar’ Ruling Could Signal Death Of Fan Film Industry Eagle Cam In Florida: Second Egg Not Expected To Hatch — But More Eagle Cam Sites Are Preparing For Eggs Android Nougat Updates For Samsung Galaxy S7, S7 Edge, HTC 10 & Nexus 6 Designer Stefano Gabbana Says ‘Don’t Call Me Gay!’ Defends Praise Of Melania Trump Rita Ora Exudes Body Confidence, Admits She’s ‘Not Perfect’ One Direction Babies: Soon Liam Payne And Cheryl Cole Will Have A Child And Louis Tomlinson Shows Off Freddie Charles Manson Too Risky For Surgery, Back To Prison? Amy Duggar Shares Jim Bob’s Reaction to ‘Marriage Boot Camp,’ Reveals Whether Famous Family Will Watch Show Fort Lauderdale Airport Shooting: How Did Esteban Santiago Get Through Security With A Gun In His Checked Luggage? Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Oliver Stone Accuses Mainstream Media Of Reporting Fake News About Russia 7.2k 0 0 2NE1: YG Entertainment K-Pop Girl Group Confirmed To Disband, CL And Dara Re-Signed To Label As Soloists 51.2k 0 0 George Lopez Turns Down Trump Inauguration Invite, Calls Him ‘Tiny Hands’ In Mean-Spirited Jab 6k 0 0 Win An iPhone 7 From ‘The Inquisitr’ 63 0 0 WWE News: Jimmy Snuka Cleared Of All Murder Charges 2.8k 0 0 Group Of Four Teenagers Kidnap And Torture Special Needs Child In Chicago, Post Live Video On Facebook [Graphic Footage] 0 0 0 Recent Videos Discoveries Rare Underwater Footage Captured Below Antarctic Ice Automotive Uber Removes Self Driving Cars In San Francisco One Week After Launching Science Scientist Creates Artificial Human Skin From Algae Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact News Partners Opposing Views Huffington Post Fark Buzz Feed Supported By DoubleClick Google Adsense Softlayer Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr News.
Login All Reviews Editorials News Apple Schedules 2017 Shareholders Meeting, Reveals Executive Pay Cut T-Mobile Moves Exclusively to Unlimited Data Plans iPod-based iPhone Prototype Revealed in Leaked Video Tips iOS 10: Selectively Control Read Receipts For iMessage How to Connect Your 2016 MacBook Pro to a mini DisplayPort Monitor Podcasts CES 2017 Wireless Earpods and Drone Blocking - TMO Daily Observations 2017-01-06 CES 2017 Wireless Charging, Sober Sensors, and More - TMO Daily Observations 2017-01-05 View All Results → iKlip Grip Pro an Excellent Multifunction Tripod, Monopod, Selfie Stick Minix NEO C Mini USB-C to HDMI: Low Cost, Low Weight Just Mobile's AluCharge 4-Port USB-A Charger Falls Just Short Matias Wireless Aluminum Keyboard: The Apple Keyboard You've Been Looking For Brydge 12.9 Aluminum Keyboard for iPad Pro Exudes Class View All Reviews → Education May be in Apple's DNA, But Not in Apple's Future The Unspoken Limits of Apple's iPad Are Strangling its Evolution How Apple Can Become a Media Giant in 2017 Backups on a Budget My 3 Favorite iOS Apps From 2016 View All Editorials → Minix NEO C Mini USB-C to HDMI: Low Cost, Low Weight John Martellaro @jmartellaro Dec 14th, 2016 5:23 PM EST | Quick Look Review The Minix NEO C Mini is the little brother of the USB-C NEO C Multiport Adapter Dock previously reviewed. This smaller, less expensive model has fewer ports, but it’s also half the price and half the weight. I liked it a lot and highly recommend it for the Apple MacBook and new 2016 MacBook Pro. Shown in space gray. HDMI Port is on other side. For reference, see my previous review (March, 2016) of a similar Minix product. “Minix NEO C USB-C Multiport Adapter (Dock) Includes VGA or HDMI.” The Ports 2x USB-A, 3.1 Gen 1 ports (5 Gbps) 1x HDMI port with support up to UHD (3840 x 2160) at 30 Hz. 1x Pass through USB-C port for charging. Schematic showing ports on both sides. Benefits Unlike some other products, this Minix adapter connects with short 6 inch (15 cm) cable. That largely eliminates static strain on the MacBook’s USB-C port when at rest. It also helps reduce strain when plugging and unplugging the cord. The HDMI support works nicely out of the box at up to UHD resolution (3840 x 2160/30p.) Shown with MacBook maxing out my HP Z34c curved display at 3440 x 1440. It’s made of sturdy feeling aluminum and comes in four colors: silver, space gray, silver, gold and rose gold. Despite its low cost, there are four very nice rubber feet to protect your desktop. The two USB-A ports operate at 5 Gbps (USB 3.1 Gen 1) which matches the MacBook. However, that’s half the speed of the 10 Gbps (USB 3.1 Gen 2) ports on the 2016 MacBook Pro. The manual makes no mention of a limitation of its big brother. On that model, when outputting 4K resolution, the USB 3 ports drop to USB 2 speeds. This limitation isn’t cited for the NEO C mini. However, it does recommend the Apple power adapter be plugged in when multiple ports are in use. Unlike the full-sized NEO C, there’s a pale white indicator light (easily visible on the top) that confirms its connection to the MacBook’s port. (And won’t blind you in the dark.) I liked that a lot. Shown next to an Apple TV remote for scale. Weight and Dimensions Size: 3.5 x 1.5 x 0.38 inches (8.9 x 4.0 x 1.0 cm) Weight: 2.0 ounces (56 grams) Documentation and Warranty In the box is a small, double-sided 6-pane pamphlet that contains setup, usage and contact information. (English and German.) Technical information is provided on HDMI output and the power available from the USB-A ports. The print is small, but not awfully hard to read. There is easy to find contact info. The warranty is one year and is handled directly by Minix. Bottom Line When I reviewed the NEO C, I lamented that, for travel, it’s a fairly good-sized metal device and weighs a goodly 4 ounces. In the end, the design swayed me in favor of it. In this case, the Neo C Mini solves the (modest) bulkiness and cost problem nicely. It’s half the weight of the NEO C, but has what I think is the minimum, perhaps optimum, set of ports. As I said before, I really like the idea of having the dock sit separately and connect with short cable, as shown in the photo above. That way, when I insert devices and connectors, there’s no strain on the MacBook. I also love the status indicator light because it’s all too easy to not push the USB-C connector in all the way. If you don’t need the SD and Micro SD card slots and gigabit Ethernet, this is a winning product in functionality, design and price. Drop it in your travel bag and be good to go. Product: NEO Mini C Multiport Adapter with HDMI Company: Minix List Price: US$49.90Rating: Outstanding Product. Get It Now! Pros: Small, light, but solid aluminum. Minimum essential ports. Supports HDMI at 4K/UHD at 30 Hz. Two USB-A ports. Pass through power. Available in four colors. Not very expensive. LED indicator. Good documentation. Cons: The two USB-A ports are USB 3.1 Gen 1 (not Gen 2). Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit More Email Print Tumblr Tags: MacBook, MacBook Pro, USB-C Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials Education May be in Apple's DNA, But Not in Apple's Future John Martellaro | January 6, 2017 How Apple Can Become a Media Giant in 2017 Charlotte Henry | January 4, 2017 TMO Weekly Sponsor Are you the Resident Geek for your friends, family and co-workers? If so, you might enjoy hanging out with other like-minded folks on the Mac Geek Gab Facebook Group. Come join the fun! Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $117.91 +1.30 (1.11%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » Apple Schedules 2017 Shareholders Meeting, Reveals Executive Pay Cut T-Mobile Moves Exclusively to Unlimited Data Plans iPod-based iPhone Prototype Revealed in Leaked Video iOS 10 Adoption Hits 76% After 4 Months, Slightly Outpacing iOS 9 Steel HR Combines Elegance of Analog Watch with Sophistication of Digital Recent Tips See All » iOS 10: Selectively Control Read Receipts For iMessage How to Connect Your 2016 MacBook Pro to a mini DisplayPort Monitor macOS: Turning Off Time Machine Space Notifications How to View the Apple TV's Aerial Screen Saver On Your Mac iOS 10: Three Tips on Notes! Recent Editorials See All » Education May be in Apple's DNA, But Not in Apple's Future The Unspoken Limits of Apple's iPad Are Strangling its Evolution How Apple Can Become a Media Giant in 2017 Backups on a Budget My 3 Favorite iOS Apps From 2016 7883 John Martellaro quick-look 0 1481736191 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Archive 2015 Archive 2014 Archive 2013 Archive 2012 Archive 2011 Archive View Full Archive Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Share 10 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-01-06 ‘Yuri On Ice’ Story Isn’t Ripped-Off For ‘Love On Ice’? Hallmark Channel Responds To Plagiarism Claims By Fans Of Yuri And Victor’s Story Entertainment 2017-01-06 George R. R. Martin Still Silent About ‘The Winds Of Winter,’ 2017 Release Date Might Happen Entertainment 2017-01-05 Inauguration Day 2017 Entertainment Update: Trump Struggles To Get Performers While Obama’s Farewell Party Is Already Filled To The Brim Entertainment 2017-01-05 Winning Floats From 2017 Rose Parade News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2017-01-06 Charles Manson Too Risky For Surgery, Back To Prison? News 2017-01-06 Fort Lauderdale Airport Shooting: How Did Esteban Santiago Get Through Security With A Gun In His Checked Luggage? News 2017-01-06 Dylann Roof: Full Transcript Of Charleston Church Shooter’s Opening Statement News 2017-01-06 Michelle Obama Makes Tearful Promise To Young People In Moving Final Speech As FLOTUS [Video] Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Wrestling 2017-01-06 WWE News: Big Update On Shelton Benjamin’s WWE Return, Veteran Says He Won’t Be At ‘Royal Rumble’ 2017 Wrestling 2017-01-06 WWE News: NJPW Star Kenny Omega Says He Is Stepping Away From Japan, Possible WWE Jump Upcoming? Wrestling 2017-01-06 WWE News: Goldberg To Wrestle At ‘Fastlane’ In Marquee Match Set Up On ‘RAW’ Wrestling 2017-01-06 WWE News: WWE Determined To Make WrestleMania 33 Main Event Great After Watching Wrestle Kingdom 11 Main Event Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-01-01 New Year’s Resolutions You Can Actually Keep Lifestyle 2017-01-01 New Year’s Resolution Tips: Experts Tell How To Pick And Stick To Your Resolutions In 2017 Lifestyle 2016-12-31 New Year’s Resolution: 7 Things You Must Add To Your List Lifestyle 2016-12-30 Anything Open New Year’s Eve & New Year’s Day? Holiday Hours For Stores, Restaurants, Banks, Post Office As We Ring In 2017 Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-01-06 Coca-Cola Sued For Marketing Deception, What Are The Long Term Health Effects Of Sugary Drinks? Health 2017-01-05 Mysterious Marijuana Illness Spikes In Legalized States Health 2017-01-02 Over 700 U.S. Hospitals Penalized For ‘Superbug’ Infections And Patient Injuries: Is Your Hospital On The List? Health 2017-01-01 FDA Warns Pregnant Women Of High Rate Of False Positives For Zika Test: Less Than Half Of Positive ZIKV Detect Test Samples Actually Had Zika Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2017-01-06 Steam Compatible Controllers Expanding: Soon PC Gamers Can Use Console Input Devices With All Games Gaming 2017-01-06 The ‘Shenmue 3’ Release Date Is Happening, But An HD Remaster? ‘Shenmue HD’ Domain Grabbed By Sega Europe Gaming 2017-01-06 ‘Tom Clancy’s The Division’ 1.6 Update: Reddit User Finds Dark Zone Leaderboard, Possible PTS Date Hint, And Microtransactions In The Future? [Rumors] Gaming 2017-01-06 ‘Destiny’: Xur’s Exotic Goods For Jan. 6, Three Of Coins Returns BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-01-06 ‘Black Twitter’ Roasts ‘Yahoo Finance’ For N-Word Twitter Typo: ‘Trump Wants A Much N***** Navy’ Screenshot Trends BuzzWorthy 2017-01-05 Golden Globe Awards 2017: Who Will Win And Where To Watch? BuzzWorthy 2017-01-05 Zombie Outbreak Would Kill Nearly All Humanity In 100 Days, UK Scientists Claim BuzzWorthy 2017-01-05 Trump’s New Hair Photo: Combed-Back Hairstyle In Instagram Pic Makes Trump Look ‘Presidential’ SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss John Mayer Isn’t The Only Ex Who Dissed Taylor Swift: See Calvin Harris’ Instagram Post Rumors 10 0 0 December 14, 2016 John Mayer Isn’t The Only Ex Who Dissed Taylor Swift: See Calvin Harris’ Instagram Post Chanel Adams Taylor Swift has a long list of ex-boyfriends, and it looks like they’re all coming out against her. Just a day after John Mayer allegedly dissed the songstress on her 27th birthday, Calvin Harris has allegedly dissed her on Instagram. According to Hollywood Life, Calvin Harris could have possibly shaded the singer-songwriter on social media. The DJ took to Instagram on Wednesday, Dec. 14, to post a graphic about his Spotify streaming stats for the year 2016. “In 2016, 83.9 million Spotify listeners streamed 10,089 years of Calvin Harris,” the post read. In the caption, he wrote, “2017 I’m going for 20,000 years thank you for your support.” 2017 I'm going for 20,000 years thank you for your support ???? A photo posted by Calvin Harris (@calvinharris) on Dec 14, 2016 at 12:40pm PST Swift notoriously pulled her music from Spotify in November 2014. She also penned an op-ed article she wrote for The Wall Street Journal explaining why she decided to leave her music catalog from the popular streaming service. Calvin Harris has reportedly been stirring up trouble on Instagram. [Image by Gareth Cattermole/Getty Images] “Music is changing so quickly, and the landscape of the music industry itself is changing so quickly, that everything new, like Spotify, all feels to me a bit like a grand experiment,” the singer wrote. Fans were upset that they couldn’t listen to Swift’s music on the streaming service. It hasn’t stopped some from calling her “greedy.” Swift has since switched over to Apple Music after posting an open letter to Apple on her Tumblr blog, explaining why she didn’t make her latest album, 1989, available on the new streaming service, Apple Music. Her issue was about Apple’s decision to not pay its musicians, labels, or producers any royalties during Apple Music’s three-month free trial, reports Stereogum. “This is not about me. Thankfully I am on my fifth album and can support myself, my band, crew, and entire management team by playing live shows. This is about the new artist or band that has just released their first single and will not be paid for its success. This is about the young songwriter who just got his or her first cut and thought that the royalties from that would get them out of debt. This is about the producer who works tirelessly to innovate and create, just like the innovators and creators at Apple are pioneering in their field…but will not get paid for a quarter of a year’s worth of plays on his or her songs.” So, what does Calvin Harris’ Instagram post have to do with Taylor Swift? Since Swift is team Apple Music these days, it’s clear that Harris is staying loyal to Spotify. While Harris has defended Swift in the past when other musicians criticized her for her actions, it looks like he has changed his mind about music and streaming services. This comes after Swift’s other ex-boyfriend John Mayer allegedly dissed the singer on Twitter, reports Us Weekly. On Tuesday, Dec. 13 – which also happens to be Swift’s birthday – he tweeted that the date is the “lamest day of the year.” The musician caught heat with Swift’s fans when he posted the original tweet, “Tuesday, December 13 may be the lamest day of the year, conceptually,” but later deleted the tweet. John Mayer insists he wasn’t writing a shady tweet about Taylor Swift. [Image by Charley Gallay/Getty Images for Audemars Piguet] “NOPE. No. Nuh-uh,” Mayer wrote after Swift’s fans came for him for the tweet. “People I am 39. I am deleting those tweets. Come right at me for doing so. Absolutely no shade.” He also added a heart emoji at the end of his message to prove that he has no bad blood with the singer. That hasn’t stopped Swift’s fans from attacking Mayer with tweets and messages. On Wednesday, Dec. 14, he took to Twitter with another message, “Looks like I shouldn’t have deleted this tweet…” Mayer and Swift dated back in 2009, but then things took a dark turn. Swift released the track “Dear John” that was rumored to be directed at the singer-songwriter. Years later, Mayer released his response to her song in the track “Paper Dolls.” What are your thoughts? Do you think John Mayer and Calvin Harris were dissing Taylor Swift on social media? Sound off below in the comments section. [Featured image by Gareth Cattermole/Getty Images] Now Watch This: Jennifer Lopez Files Restraining Order Against Stalker Now Read This: Marvel’s Thor: Ragnarok Synopsis Confirms Thor v. Hulk Battle Rumors Share 10 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Chanel Adams Tags: Calvin Harris, john mayer, Taylor Swift, Taylor Swift and Calvin Harris split January 1, 2017 Eminem, Arnold Schwarzenegger, Miley Cyrus And Jennifer Lawrence: Their Anti-Trump Views Before He Won January 1, 2017 Suge Knight, His Rumored Jennifer Lopez Sex Video, Her Relationship With Drake View full timeline 11 hours ago Taylor Swift Did Not Reach Out To Calvin Harris, Nor Did She Thank Him Ahead Of Her New Album [Debunked] 13 hours ago Kim Kardashian Doesn’t Care About ‘Women’s Rights,’ ‘Equality,’ And ‘Women’s Empowerment’ Comments LATEST HEADLINES Marvel’s Thor: Ragnarok Synopsis Confirms Thor v. Hulk Battle Rumors ‘The Crown’ Renews Interest In Queen Elizabeth As Polls Show Subjects Want Monarchy Abolished South Carolina State Troopers Will No Longer Give A Book Containing Bible Verses To Grieving Families Because An Atheist Complained Angelina Jolie’s Kids Are Reportedly Participating In Weekly Visits With Their Father Obama Unemployment Reality: Number Of Americans Not Working At Record High ‘Yuri On Ice’ Story Isn’t Ripped-Off For ‘Love On Ice’? Hallmark Channel Responds To Plagiarism Claims By Fans Of Yuri And Victor’s Story Celebrity Deaths 2017: Smaller Percentage Of Celebrities Expected To Pass Away, According To Mathematician Milo Yiannopoulos Beats Out Pulse Shooting Victims For LGBTQ Publication’s Person Of The Year ‘Star Trek: Axanar’ Ruling Could Signal Death Of Fan Film Industry Eagle Cam In Florida: Second Egg Not Expected To Hatch — But More Eagle Cam Sites Are Preparing For Eggs Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Oliver Stone Accuses Mainstream Media Of Reporting Fake News About Russia 7.2k 0 0 2NE1: YG Entertainment K-Pop Girl Group Confirmed To Disband, CL And Dara Re-Signed To Label As Soloists 51.3k 0 0 George Lopez Turns Down Trump Inauguration Invite, Calls Him ‘Tiny Hands’ In Mean-Spirited Jab 6k 0 0 Win An iPhone 7 From ‘The Inquisitr’ 63 0 0 WWE News: Jimmy Snuka Cleared Of All Murder Charges 2.8k 0 0 Group Of Four Teenagers Kidnap And Torture Special Needs Child In Chicago, Post Live Video On Facebook [Graphic Footage] 1 0 0 Recent Videos Celebrity News Princess Diana Letters Fetch Thousands In Auction Celebrity News Madonna Shares Pics Of Family’s Switzerland Skiing Vacation Celebrity News Jennifer Lopez And Drake Officially Dating Movies Ryan Gosling Pays Tribute To Inspirational Debbie Reynolds Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact News Partners Opposing Views Huffington Post Fark Buzz Feed Supported By DoubleClick Google Adsense Softlayer Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr News.
SUBSCRIBE NOWFOR HOME DELIVERY Home Autos News Sports Business Life Entertainment Opinion Advice Mitch Albom Archives Insider Media USA TODAY More Home Autos News Sports Business Life Entertainment Opinion Advice Mitch Albom Archives Insider Media USA TODAY social Follow search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Chat Support Chat Support Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Recipe: Curried Cream of Cauliflower and Apple Soup Winter Soups: Curried Cream of Cauliflower and Apple Soup Post to Facebook Recipe: Curried Cream of Cauliflower and Apple Soup Winter Soups: Curried Cream of Cauliflower and Apple Soup  Check out this story on Freep.com: http://on.freep.com/2hPHt6H {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Recipe: Curried Cream of Cauliflower and Apple Soup Michigan 9:16 p.m. ET Dec. 14, 2016 Curried cream of cauliflower and apple soup. (Hillary Levin/St. Louis Post-Dispatch/TNS) (Photo: TNS) Curried Cream of Cauliflower and Apple Soup Serves: 4 to 6 / Preparation time: 20 minutes / Total time: 1 hour, 30 minutes ►Bowls against the cold:Soups can spoon up warmth, comfort Winter soup recipes: ►Mom’s Cabbage Soup ►Flemish Onion Soup with Cheese ►Lentil Soup CURRIED CREAM OF CAULIFLOWER 4 cups chicken stock 11/2 tablespoons unsalted butter 1 cup onions, chopped 2 teaspoons Madras curry powder 1/2 teaspoon saffron threads or 2 pinches saffron powder 1 cup Golden Delicious apple (or other apple), peeled, split, cored and sliced 4 cups cauliflower (about 1 small to medium head), broken into florets 1 cup heavy cream Salt and pepper 1 tablespoon chives, minced CURRIED APPLE DICE 1 cup Golden Delicious apple (or other apple), peeled, split, cored, in 1/4-inch dice 1 teaspoon Madras curry powder 1/4 teaspoon saffron threads or 1 pinch saffron powder Salt and pepper To prepare the curried cream of cauliflower: In a saucepan, warm the chicken stock over medium heat. Melt the butter in a heavy pot over medium-low heat. Add the onions, curry powder and saffron and sweat for 2 minutes, stirring often. Add the sliced apple and sweat for 5 more minutes, stirring often. Add the cauliflower and warm chicken stock and bring to a boil. Continue cooking until the cauliflower is tender when pierced with a knife, about 20 minutes. slowly add the cream and cook for 3 more minutes. Season with salt and pepper to taste. working in batches, transfer the soup to a blender or food processor and purée at high speed until very smooth. Keep warm until ready to serve or cool, then refrigerate and reheat just before serving. To make the curried apple dice: Place the apple dice with 1 tablespoon of water in a pan over medium heat. Add the curry powder and saffron, and season to taste with salt and pepper. Mix well, cover with a lid and cook for 3 minutes. Strain and keep warm on the side. From “Cooking with Daniel Boulud,” by Daniel Boulud. Tested by the St. Louis Post-Dispatch. 273 calories (66% from fat), 20 grams fat (12 grams sat. fat), 19 grams carbohydrates, 7 grams protein, 263 mg sodium, 58 mg cholesterol, 3 grams fiber. CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://on.freep.com/2hPHt6H
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish Wireless Charging Company Teams Up With Known Apple Supplier By Tyler Lee on 12/14/2016 18:03 PST It is said that one of the features of the iPhone 8 next year is that it will have wireless charging. There have been multiple rumors on that front, and now a report from Fast Company has lent more speculation on that matter, a report which claims how wireless charging company Energous has teamed up with Apple supplier Dialog. Note that Apple’s suppliers do have other customers which means that this is a long-shot, but it certainly does fit the narrative of the iPhone 8’s wireless charging capabilities. According to the report, Dialog (who makes power management chips) recently invested $10 million into Energous, and it will see future Energous technology produced under the Dialog branding. Fast Company has heard from their sources that three quarters of Dialog’s business comes from supplying chips to Apple, so like we said, it does somehow lend itself to the speculation of the iPhone’s wireless charging capabilities. For those unfamiliar with Energous, the company has produced wireless charging technology that uses radio frequencies to charge devices, meaning that it can be charged from up to 15 feet away as opposed to sitting on top of a charging pad. This could be the technology that Apple has been waiting for as in the past, Apple had filed for patents regarding wireless charging that are similar in concept. Now whether or not this investment has anything to do with Apple remains to be seen, so until then try not to get your hopes up too much. Filed in Apple >Cellphones >Rumors. Read more about iPhone and wireless charging. Related Articles 2017-01-05 Energous’ ‘True’ Wireless Charging To Ship Later This Year 2016-12-21 More Proof That Wireless Charging Could Come To 2017’s iPhone 2016-12-06 iPhone 7 Wireless Charging Enabled Battery Case Launched By Mophie 2016-11-11 More Rumors That Wireless Charging Could Be Coming To The iPhone 2016-10-31 Foxconn Reportedly Working On Wireless Charging For The iPhone 8 2016-09-09 Apple Patent Hints At Plans For Wireless Charging LG ProBeam Home Cinema Projector Unveiled Capcom To Release Mega Man 1-6 On Mobile January, 2017 Apple To Charge For AirPods Battery Service Even Under Warranty Tesla’s Emergency Braking System Prevented A Serious Accident Original Unopened First-Gen iPod Spotted On eBay For $200,000 Tesla To Take Action Against Drivers Who Park Cars At Superchargers Google Is Apparently Moving Away From Fully Autonomous Cars Panasonic Takes Grocery Self-Checkouts To The Next Level User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
Skip to main content iMore Forums Ask a Question New Posts Trending Discussions iPhone 7 iPhone 7 Plus iPhone 6s iPhone 6s Plus MacBook Pro Apple Watch Series 2 iOS 10 macOS Sierra iPad Pro (12.9-inch) iPad Pro (9.7-inch) Shop HOT ACCESSORY DEAL$ Digital Offers Best sellers New releases Cases and covers Chargers and cables Battery packs Screen Protectors iPhone iPad Watch TV Mac How to Live Help Reviews The Best Best iPhone apps Best iPad apps Best Mac apps Deals Today's Trending Tech Deals Digital Offers Apps Games Log in or Sign up Fewer ads and it's free! Forums iPhone iPad Mac Apps Games Features Reviews Virtual Reality Help & How To Question & Answer Contests Shop now! Podcasts Contact iMore About iMore Android Central Connectedly CrackBerry iMore Windows Central Tesla Central VR Heads MrMobile Drain drain go away AirPods losing battery life too quickly? Try this fix! HEY SIRI How to get the Siri experience in an older car with AirPods Do my bidding smart home! AirPods give you ultimate power over your HomeKit home! Tim Cook speaks! Here's why you can't get AirPods right now The Pixel Project Comic: The Joy of AirPods < > CES 2017 Pokemon Go iOS 10 macOS Sierra watchOS tvOS iPad Pro iPhone 7 Buyers guide Order: AirPods | MacBook Pro | Order iPhone 7: Apple | Verizon | T-Mobile Mastering AirPods How to pair your AirPods with Apple TV, Android, and other Bluetooth devices By Rene Ritchie Wednesday, Dec 21, 2016 at 1:00 pm EST 6 Comments AirPods connect automagically with iPhone, but how do you manually pair them with Apple TV, Android phones, Windows PCs, or any device that supports Bluetooth? Thanks to the "special magic" of the W1 chip, Apple's AirPods connect automatically to iPhone and, from there, to Apple Watch, and even iPad and Mac via iCloud. To pair with Apple TV, though, or to an Android phone or tablet, or Windows PC or tablet, you need to pair manually. The good news is, AirPods can pair with any devices that supports Bluetooth headphones. Here's how! How to pair your AirPods with Apple TV How to unpair your AirPods from your Apple TV How to pair your AirPods with Android, Windows, or other devices How to pair your AirPods with Apple TV Pick up your AirPods charging case and open it. Press and hold the pairing button on the back of the case. Launch Settings on your Apple TV Click on Remotes and Devices. Click on Bluetooth. Select your AirPods from the list. See at Apple How to unpair your AirPods from your Apple TV If you ever want to completely remove your AirPods from your Apple TV, you can unpair them. Launch Settings on your Apple TV. Click on Remotes and Devices. Click on Bluetooth. Find your headphones in the list and choose them. Choose Forget Device. Choose Forget Device once more to confirm. How to pair your AirPods with Android, Windows, or other devices The procedure for pairing your AirPods with your Android phone or tablet, with your Windows PC or tablet, or with any other device or gaming system, is the same as pairing any set of Bluetooth headphones. Pick up your AirPods charging case and open it. Press and hold the pairing button on the back of the case. Launch the Bluetooth settings on your device. Select AirPods from the list. Confirm the pairing. Any AirPods questions? If you have any other questions about your AirPods, drop them below! Apple TV tvOS 10 Review Apple TV Review Apple TV buyers guide Apple TV users guide Apple TV news Apple TV discussion Buy at Apple Like us! Share on Facebook Reader comments How to pair your AirPods with Apple TV, Android, and other Bluetooth devices 6 Comments View All Comments Log In to Comment Register Sort by Date Sort by Rating RFMagician Can you pair to other devices without unpairing from the Apple devices? Specifically, my situation is that i have a Windows PC at work, so I go between listening to stuff on my iPhone/iPad and my computer. Can I pair them to my iDevices and the PC at the same time, so all I have to do is go to the output menu on whichever device I want and choose the AirPods? 1 3 weeks ago Reply xcsdm This is a solid question. Can we pair to Apple TV, and still be able to open the case and "auto-pair" with our iPhone when away? I don't want to have to re-pair them all of the time. It would be nice if we can have 1 "standard" bluetooth pairing along with the Apple W1 magic. 0 3 weeks ago Reply RFMagician I swear I remember reading back when the airpods were being previewed with the iPhone 7 reviews, that you can pair them with up to 5 "devices", with all of the devices on your iCloud account counting as 1 device. I can't for the life of me find where I read it though, which is starting to make me think I'm just remembering wrong. 0 3 weeks ago Reply timbaler when pairing airpods with a LG TV via bluetooth there is no way to control volume. Any idea? 0 1 week ago Reply Buckeye67 I just confirmed with Apple Support (Apple TV senior advisor "Austin") that the AirPods cannot be paired with the third generation of Apple TV. This is simply a situation of the third generation hardware not being able to support the AirPods. Because no Apple documentation (technical, support, and marketing) communicates this situation, I requested that the existing pairing documentation clearly differentiate the pairing process by the generation of the Apple TV. Austin said he would communicate this need to the appropriate engineers. 0 1 week ago Reply Muero Don't worry, that won't happen. Asking an Apple Senior Advisor to do something constructive is a waste of time. 0 1 week ago Reply 500M Consumers Reached Yearly Copyright 2016 Mobile Nations • Terms and Conditions • Privacy Policy • Careers: Writer | Dev • Licensing • External Links Disclosure Advertising Partner
By using this site you consent to our use of cookies in accordance with our cookie policy. This website uses cookies. Learn more. Type to Search TV TV News Features Sherlock Game of Thrones The Walking Dead Doctor Who The Grand Tour Top Gear REALITY TV REALITY TV News Features Celebrity Big Brother The Voice UK Let It Shine The Jump The X Factor Strictly Come Dancing US TV US TV News Features Game of Thrones The Big Bang Theory Netflix Prison Break The Simpsons Cult MOVIES MOVIES News Trailers Reviews Features The Oscars Marvel Star Wars Harry Potter SOAPS SOAPS Spoilers Coronation Street EastEnders Emmerdale Hollyoaks Neighbours Home and Away Casualty Holby City SHOWBIZ SHOWBIZ News Features NTAs 2017 Celebrity Big Brother Loose Women This Morning Fun MUSIC MUSIC News Features BRITs 2017 Festivals Little Mix Fifth Harmony The X Factor The Voice UK TECH TECH News Features Gaming Deals Social Media Phones Apple Android GAMING LGBT SPY FORUMS Follow Follow facebook twitter google+ instagram youtube Like Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter DigitalSpy Follow Us On Pinterest Digital Spy 79CE8C7E-5C9C-4DEF-BB15-2756F33F3459 Created with sketchtool. TV REALITY TV US TV MOVIES SOAPS SHOWBIZ MUSIC TECH FORUMS Follow News Features Sherlock Game of Thrones The Walking Dead Doctor Who The Grand Tour Top Gear Ranking the absolute worst TV villains of all time It's Poldark vs Victoria (again!) at the NTAs 2017 New on Netflix this week: TV shows you can watch NOW Game of Thrones season 7: Everything you need to know News Features Celebrity Big Brother The Voice UK Let It Shine The Jump The X Factor Strictly Come Dancing It's Strictly vs X Factor vs BGT at the NTAs this year Here's why Let It Shine is the best talent show in AGES The X Factor's 16 best-ever singles, ranked Made in Chelsea's 20 poshest-ever stars, ranked News Features Game of Thrones The Big Bang Theory Netflix Prison Break The Simpsons Cult 18 REALLY annoying TV characters Game of Thrones takes on The Night Manager at the NTAs Scrubs' greatest ever supporting characters ranked TV air dates 2016: When are your favourite shows back? News Trailers Reviews Features The Oscars Marvel Star Wars Harry Potter Star Wars Ep 8 release date and all you need to know What movies are on TV this Christmas? 6 Rogue One connections to the wider Star Wars galaxy New on Netflix this week: movies you can watch NOW Spoilers Coronation Street EastEnders Emmerdale Hollyoaks Neighbours Home and Away Casualty Holby City EastEnders: Jack hears the truth about Ronnie's death Corrie: Steve blames himself for Michelle's baby loss Emmerdale: Horror for Chrissie as Cain blackmails her Hollyoaks: Is Nathan falling for Cleo next week? News Features NTAs 2017 Celebrity Big Brother Loose Women This Morning Fun Vote in the National Television Awards 2017 now! Carpool Karaoke: a definitive ranking – who was best? 55 celebrities you HAVE to follow on Snapchat Celeb couples we wanted to stay together, but didn't News Features BRITs 2017 Festivals Little Mix Fifth Harmony The X Factor The Voice UK The 20 best pop singles of 2016: who is our No.1? S Club 7: where are they now, after the big reunion? 8 Christmas songs that aren't even about Christmas Pussycat Dolls: what happened to the girl group? News Features Gaming Phones Apple Facebook Social Media Virtual Reality Digital Spy Awards 2016: Vote for your tech faves These 72 BRILLIANT new emoji are heading to your iPhone 9 of the best iPhone and Android apps this week GIF 5 tips for helping Netflix run as fast as possible Breaking News! 55 celebrities you HAVE to follow on Snapchat How to find and play ALL of the hidden Facebook games iPhone 7 vs iPhone 7 Plus: What's the difference?​ 17 WhatsApp hacks to turn you into a messaging master 14 iOS tips & tricks to turn you into an iPhone master Snapchat just changed the messaging game with this new feature Mass notifications, incoming. Don't Miss Instagram just changed comments in a BIG way Instagram just changed comments in a BIG way Share 8 hours ago 4:29 PM Danniella Westbrook streams her designer vagina op :O Danniella Westbrook streams her designer vagina op :O Share December 02 2016 12:54 AM 17 WhatsApp hacks to turn you into a messaging master 17 WhatsApp hacks to turn you into a messaging master Share December 18 2016 7:00 AM GIF Instagram sends a notification when you screenshot?! Instagram sends a notification when you screenshot?! Share November 28 2016 1:55 PM 6 revolutionary Netflix features coming soon 6 revolutionary Netflix features coming soon Share December 14 2016 12:00 PM Latest News GIF Nintendo-themed Air Jordans now exist and we want them Nintendo-themed Air Jordans now exist and we want them Share 3 hours ago 8:58 PM Resident Evil 7 accidentally giving away burnt penises Resident Evil 7 accidentally giving away burnt penises Share 5 hours ago 7:25 PM New on Netflix this week: movies you can watch NOW New on Netflix this week: movies you can watch NOW Share 7 hours ago 4:38 PM Jemma Lucy calls Katie Price a "slag" and a "c**t" Jemma Lucy calls Katie Price a "slag" and a "c**t" Share 14 hours ago 10:09 AM Here's how Rogue One digitally recreated THOSE actors Here's how Rogue One digitally recreated THOSE actors Share 14 hours ago 9:49 AM Must Read Here's how Rogue One digitally recreated THOSE actors Here's how Rogue One digitally recreated THOSE actors Share 14 hours ago 9:49 AM 17 secret iPhone hacks you didn't know about 17 secret iPhone hacks you didn't know about Share December 22 2016 3:20 PM GIF Nintendo-themed Air Jordans now exist and we want them Nintendo-themed Air Jordans now exist and we want them Share 3 hours ago 8:58 PM Elder Scrolls VI: 9 features the fans most want to see Elder Scrolls VI: 9 features the fans most want to see Share October 27 2016 12:00 PM Updated PS4 Slim vs PS4 Pro – Skinny or 4K? Updated PS4 Slim vs PS4 Pro – Skinny or 4K? Share November 07 2016 4:58 PM ©  Thomas Trutschel/Photothek via Getty Images By Conor Allison 14 December 2016 12:21 PM Shares Despite Snapchat often leading the market and seeing rivals follow in its tracks (*cough Instagram cough*), there's one major feature it has neglected to bring to the app. Yes, the platform is great for broadcasting slow-motion videos of your pets and applying nonsensical filters, but actually communicating with a group of friends has so far required you to take your business elsewhere. With a fresh update, though, Snap Inc. has announced it will finally be introducing group chats. Advertisement - Continue Reading Below You can now start a chat with up to 16 Snapchat friends, and conversations will stick to traditional Snapchat form and disappear after 24 hours. ©  Snap Inc. The company indicates that you'll be able to create group chats either when sending a new message or starting a new chat, and recipients will also only be able to view Snaps sent to the group once. If you want to change pace and switch to a private conversation, you can now tap on a friend's name to temporarily exit the group — a feature Snap calls Quick Chat. The Group addition is also joined by two tools — scissors and paintbrush. While scissors will allow you to cut a section of a Snap out and turn it into a sticker in the Preview screen, paintbrush will allow you transform posts in Memories into "artistic masterpieces". Of course, this nifty update isn't without its dangers. Namely, it just became even easier to embarrass yourself through an accidental mass message. Stay safe, Snappers. Want up-to-the-minute entertainment and tech news? Just hit 'Like' on our Digital Spy Facebook page and 'Follow' on our @digitalspy Twitter account and you're all set. GIF PREVIOUS ARTICLE WhatsApp to end support for MILLIONS of phones NEXT ARTICLE Instagram revamps Stories with stickers for Christmas - and gives us the gift of one-tap recording Don't Miss 01 Instagram just changed comments in a BIG way 02 Danniella Westbrook streams her designer vagina op :O 03 17 WhatsApp hacks to turn you into a messaging master GIF 04 Instagram sends a notification when you screenshot?! 05 6 revolutionary Netflix features coming soon Latest News 01 First look at Warcraft director's new movie Mute 02 Duncan receives some worrying news about Caroline Must Read 01 It's official - Jedward ARE your new CBB housemates 02 10 scrapped TV spin-offs you'll never get to see now More From Social Media This kid rating chicken shops on YouTube is AMAZING 9 December 2016 4:26 PM You need to watch the Chicken Connoisseur. GIF EVERYONE's unhappy about Facebook's Year in Review 8 December 2016 4:09 PM No thanks for the memories. GIF Yorkshire Tea just roasted a complaining customer 6 December 2016 3:40 PM Ey up, savage!​ Relive the best and worst of 2016 on Twitter 6 December 2016 12:41 PM ​Now this is a story all about how...​ GIF Somebody has created a 'magazine' for Twitter trolls 30 November 2016 3:41 PM Bad eggs.​ Why has the new £5 note left vegetarians outraged? 29 November 2016 1:48 PM Quick, fire the petitions! GIF Spot the tortoise in this viral optical illusion 28 November 2016 5:23 PM ​Teenage mutant ninja tortoise.​ GIF Jeremy Clarkson just launched his own social network 28 November 2016 4:36 PM And he wants Chris Evans to join.​ GIF Jeremy Clarkson REALLY wants Donald Trump on Grand Tour 28 November 2016 1:36 PM ​But not for the reason you'd expect. Here's the WhatsApp link you should never click 24 November 2016 1:48 PM ​​Beware of the malware. ​ Social Media Tech Apps groups group chat Snapchat Snap Inc. WhatsApp just made your life easier with this new feature Tumblr users can chat with a new instant messaging feature Praise! Snapchat is getting rid of this annoying Stories feature Transfer Deadline Day just got even better with this Game of Thrones mash-up video from Sky Sports This Pokemon Go-less student recreated the game on Snapchat Your Halloween makeup is sorted with this Snapchat puking rainbow filter tutorial More From Social Media 79CE8C7E-5C9C-4DEF-BB15-2756F33F3459 Created with sketchtool. TV SHOWBIZ FORUMS FORUMS SUPPORT REALITY TV MUSIC COMICS CULT US TV GAMING Doctor Who The X Factor MOVIES TECH Game of Thrones Star Wars SOAPS LGBT Spy Marvel Big Brother Bake Off Pokemon Netflix GHI Tech Reviews DIGITAL SPY, PART OF THE HEARST UK ENTERTAINMENT NETWORK © 2017 Hearst Magazines UK is the trading name of the National Magazine Company Ltd, 72 Broadwick Street, London, W1F 9EP. Registered in England 112955. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Complaints Site Map
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Saturday, January 07, 2017 9:22 am GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 29°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Tech/Gadgets Nintendo in risky mobile games push with paid Super Mario launch on iPhones (VIDEO) Thursday December 15, 2016 09:36 AM GMT+8 ICYMI The Edit: Honda presents self-righting motorbike at CES Gunman kills five at Florida’s Ft Lauderdale airport Zidane: ‘Intelligent’ Ronaldo accepts need to rest more Visiting Turkish academic languishing in Sungai Buloh Prison Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article A lot is riding for the Japanese company on ‘Super Mario Run,’ which is being released in 151 countries and regions today US Pacific Time for Apple Inc’s iPhone. — Reuters picTOKYO, Dec 15 — Nintendo Co will make a big push into mobile gaming on Thursday with the launch of the popular Super Mario Bros franchise on the iPhone, a risky bet because users will need to pay upfront, at a time when the gaming market is getting crowded. A lot is riding for the Japanese company on Super Mario Run, which is being released in 151 countries and regions today US Pacific Time for Apple Inc’s iPhone. And, unlike smash-hit Pokemon Go, Super Mario Run is the first game for mobile developed by Nintendo, under a partnership with mobile gaming firm DeNA Co, which means it will enjoy the lion’s share of its success or bear the brunt of failure. While investors are hoping Super Mario Run will be a hit for Nintendo, its decision to charge US$9.99 (RM44.50) for full access to the game may limit revenues and put its fate at the mercy of loyal Nintendo console-game fans. Unlike Super Mario Run’s upfront charge, global blockbuster titles such as Candy Crush Saga and Angry Birds typically only charge in-game items and powerups without specific ceilings. “It is an interesting decision,” Andrew Chanin, CEO of PureFunds, a New York-based provider of thematic exchange-traded funds, said of Nintendo’s pricing plan. “Players will know what they’re getting themselves into when they download the game.” The Mario game is free to download but the free-to-play section is limited to low-level stages. Players control Mario through a series of obstacle courses while collecting coins along the way. At higher levels, players can compete with other players’ scores and create their own “kingdom”. “That makes reviews by the hard core fans of the Super Mario series... important, as they will be behind the general opinion on the game that should take shape fairly soon after its release,” Takao Suzuki, a Daiwa Securities analyst, said in a note this week. App analytics firm SensorTower forecasts worldwide gross revenue of over US$71 million for Super Mario Run in its first month, just half of the US$143 million that Pokemon Go garnered. Nintendo has said the game will also be launched on Android but has not said when. It declined to comment for this article. Pokemon Go, which has been downloaded over 600 million times since July, is based on Nintendo’s famous monster characters and was developed jointly by Google spinoff Niantic Co and Nintendo affiliate Pokemon Company. No fat profits Super Mario Run’s launch also comes when lower barriers to market entry have resulted in hundreds of thousands of games being available on mobile app stores, making it harder for game developers to enjoy fat profits. And in some key markets such as Japan, there already are signs of saturation. Even though games research firm Newzoo predicts the mobile gaming segment worldwide will grow to US$52.5 billion in 2019 from US$36.9 billion in 2016, many analysts forecast flat market growth for Japan. “Some mobile games developers have emerged as clear winners and it’s increasingly difficult for others to squeeze into the top ranks,” said Tomoaki Kawasaki, an analyst at Iwai Cosmo Securities. But he noted that Nintendo’s high profile characters could be exceptions due to their strong public appeal. “Nintendo’s full-fledged entry into mobile gaming is a huge threat to existing players.” Proving the power of popular characters, Sony Corp, which like Nintendo has been a late adopter of mobile gaming, has scored major success in Japan by transferring its popular animation content to mobile, pushing one title — Fate/Grand Order — above Pokemon Go in app revenue rankings. The electronics company’s gaming unit also said last week that it would release as many as six mobile games in the next business year. Kenji Ono, a 45-year-old gaming journalist in Tokyo, said he wants to buy and try out Super Mario Run, but was sceptical about how successful it will be. “I think it will be a success, but not to the extent that Pokemon Go was,” Ono said. — Reuters                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Amazon Alexa virtual assistant shines at CES 2017 Companion robots vye to be the latest addition to homes CES 2017: New apps, programmes to aid your workouts PogoCam debuts as 'world's smallest attachable eyewear camera' Game Boy Mach 2: Say hello to the Super Retro Boy! Samsung Galaxy Note 7: The high-tech fiasco draws to a close Games of 2017: 10 names to remember for January and February China plans probes to the moon and Mars (VIDEO) Tech show looks beyond 'smart,' to new 'realities' The rise of a robotic dawn in Singapore’s service industry Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: Multiple people dead in Florida airport shooting Jason Momoa stars in ‘Frontier’ Reuters Video: Trump orders Obama's envoys out by inauguration day Reuters Video: Nunes stuns challenger Rousey with first-round title win Reuters Video: Man survives Turkey nightclub attack by pretending to be dead HD video of earth from space will make your heart ache Related Articles Game Boy Mach 2: Say hello to the Super Retro Boy! Apple pulls New York Times app in China after government request (VIDEO) Games of 2017: 10 names to remember for January and February Apple partner Wistron seeks to expand smartphone parts plant in India, govt official says Amazon’s ‘Digital Day’ promises major discounts on downloads Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
Personalise your weather Join today Login News Breaking News Local Victoria Law & Order Bolt Blog Opinion National World Weird Technology Photos Sport AFL Supercoach AFL Cricket Tennis NRL Football Rugby Racing Golf US Sports More Basketball Video Entertainment Confidential Photos Movies Television Arts Music Books Competitions Awards Leigh Paatsch Business Breaking News Victoria Markets Economy Work Companies Terry McCrann Barefoot Investor Every Step Your Hip Pocket Lifestyle Melbourne Travel Money Health Games Stellar Fashion Home Food Horoscopes Parenting RealEstate News Buying Renting Selling Investing Experts Development Prestige Property Classifieds Tributes Buy & Sell Tradies Cars Jobs Property Business Celebration Notices General Notices Place an Ad Video Entertainment Business Sport Video Lifestyle Travel News Video Tech Search Use keywords to search content on this website Search Use keywords to search content on this website No Cookies To use this website, cookies must be enabled in your browser. To enable cookies, follow the instructions for your browser below. Facebook App: Open links in External Browser There is a specific issue with the Facebook in-app browser intermittently making requests to websites without cookies that had previously been set. This appears to be a defect in the browser which should be addressed soon. The simplest approach to avoid this problem is to continue to use the Facebook app but not use the in-app browser. This can be done through the following steps: Open the settings menu by clicking the hamburger menu in the top right Choose "App Settings" from the menu Turn on the option "Links Open Externally" (This will use the device's default browser) Enabling Cookies in Internet Explorer 7, 8 & 9 Open the Internet Browser Click Tools > Internet Options > Privacy > Advanced Check Override automatic cookie handling For First-party Cookies and Third-party Cookies click Accept Click OK and OK Enabling Cookies in Firefox Open the Firefox browser Click Tools > Options > Privacy > Use custom settings for history Check Accept cookies from sites Check Accept third party cookies Select Keep until: they expire Click OK Enabling Cookies in Google Chrome Open the Google Chrome browser Click Tools > Options > Privacy Options > Under the Hood > Content Settings Check Allow local data to be set Uncheck Block third-party cookies from being set Uncheck Clear cookies Close all Enabling Cookies in Mobile Safari (iPhone, iPad) Go to the Home screen by pressing the Home button or by unlocking your phone/iPad Select the Settings icon. Select Safari from the settings menu. Select 'accept cookies' from the safari menu. Select 'from visited' from the accept cookies menu. Press the home button to return the the iPhone home screen. Select the Safari icon to return to Safari. Before the cookie settings change will take effect, Safari must restart. To restart Safari press and hold the Home button (for around five seconds) until the iPhone/iPad display goes blank and the home screen appears. Select the Safari icon to return to Safari. Also In News... Fatal incident Teen killed in two-car crash near Ballarat Residents booted Wantirna South caravan park to make way for 200 townhouses pending council approval Strip tease Melbourne stripper Dallas is a dancer at heart ‘Wall of silence’ Stacey Tierney death probe to focus on out-of-hours activities at Dreams Gentlemen’s Club ‘Bit surreal’ Keno $1.5m Melton winner: Great grandmother wins on night out with dad Firey dispute MFB accuses UFU of causing conflict, distrust among its members On the road On the Road: Rainbow locals are just as colourful as their far west Victorian town’s name Disturbing act Victorian Jockey posts cruel video of stingray stabbed by knife Great Whites Westpac chopper snaps sharks off Victorian coast as beaches remain closed Pub fare Bendigo Pub owner removes part of patron’s meal after he complains about price Unexplained Melbourne’s iconic Greyhound Hotel gay bar closes for good Pooch playgrounds A guide to the best off-leash dog beaches in Victoria Flushable fiasco Barwon Water has a gripe over costly flushable wipes Road toll Two dead on Victorian roads within an hour Furry heroes Celebrating our Backyard ­Heroes 2017 calendar available for $2 Sponsored Links Newsletters Mobile iPad App Send Pics News Breaking News Local Victoria National World Opinion Photos Law & Order Technology News in Education Weird Weather The Australian news.com.au Herald Sun The Daily Telegraph The Courier-Mail The Advertiser NT News The Mercury Sport AFL NRL Rugby Union Horse Racing Cricket Football Motor Sport Golf Tennis Boxing/MMA Basketball Netball US Sports Fox Sports Punters.com.au Best Odds Sports TG Business Business Breaking News Markets Economy Work Small Business Companies Terry McCrann In The Black Your Hip Pocket Business Spectator Eureka Report Entertainment Confidential Celebrity Photos Movies Television Arts Music Books Competitions Moshtix Foxtel Lifestyle Melbourne Realestate Travel Home Mag Money Health Food Sunday Style Fashion Parenting Relationships Horoscopes Sudoku Crossword Home Vogue Taste Kidspot Body + Soul Homelife Learning Seat Get Price GetCreditScore Hipages Find Your Local Herald Sun Follow Us Find us on Twitter RSS find out more about our policy and your choices, including how to opt-out here Privacy Policy Subscribe now Relevant Ads Opt-out Cookie Policy About Us Digital Print Edition Newsletter Subscription Contact Us Letter to the Editor For The Record Place an Ad Advertise with us Photo Sales Tributes Shop Careers Journalism Traineeships Work Experience Help Accessibility Site Map Code of Conduct Terms of Use Subscription Terms Group/Corporate Subscriptions Powered by WordPress VIP News Corp 2016 Copyright
Film TV Club Music Food Books Games Aux Store More Apple’s AirPods are finally available, unless you’ve somehow lost them already Most Read A.V. Club Most Read 1 (Photo: Emma McIntyre/Getty Images) Posted Jan 6 Now TBS says Conan could go “primarily digital” 2 Photo: Taylor Swift Myspace Posted Jan 6 Explore the dusty tombs of these celebrities’ old Myspace pages 3 (Photo: Patrick McElhenney/FX) Posted Jan 6 A 5-course introduction to the depraved delights of It’s Always Sunny In Philadelphia 4 Remember Posted Jan 6 Dean Norris plays a neighborhood Nazi in a scene that looks way too relevant today Film TV Club Music Food Comedy Books Games Aux Newswire Reviews Video Great Job, Internet! Film TV Club Music Food Books Games Aux Store Newswire Features Reviews Videos Great Job, Internet! The Latest From Newswire Photo: Peter Maur / EW Festival favorite The Blackcoat’s Daughter finally lands a release date (Photo: Paras Griffin/Getty Images) A Georgia university is offering a college course in OutKast studies The Latest From Features Pittsburgh Steelers offensive tackle Alejandro Villanueva (Photo: Pittsburgh Steelers) In the playoffs, every episode is a season finale Shade The Changing Girl (Young Animal) Shade The Changing Girl #4 takes a mind-bending path to self-discovery The Latest From Reviews C- Oliver Jackson-Cohen, Toto, Adria Arjona (Photo: Rico Torres/NBC) NBC’s gorgeous Emerald City is a Wizard Of Oz that’s neither great nor powerful A Photo: HBO Bright Lights is a memorial to the tenacity of Carrie Fisher and Debbie Reynolds The Latest From Videos How should the Star Wars universe carry on without Carrie Fisher’s Leia?   Squee and squeal: Watch adorable little girls share their favorite pig jokes   The Latest From Great Job, Internet! Photo: OWN The Trump Archive just added more than 700 Trump videos for you to wince through Screenshot: Twitch Two Google Homes are talking to each other about love, death, and bananas on Twitch All Recent Browse Our Features Coming Distractions Savage Love Facebook Twitter Tumblr AUX Newswire Apple’s AirPods are finally available, unless you’ve somehow lost them already By Sam Barsanti@sambarsanti Dec 14, 2016 6:17 PM (Image: Apple) (Image: Apple) Share Tweet Earlier this year, Apple announced a courageous and revolutionary step forward in headphone technology called “AirPods.” Essentially, they’re wireless earbuds that make you look like a crazy person who jammed enormous cotton swabs in your ears, but they’re made by Apple so they’re cool. Back in October, Apple had to delay the launch of the AirPods after determining that they weren’t quite courageous enough, but now the little things are finally available for purchase on Apple’s website for the low, low price of $159. (For comparison, Apple is selling traditional earbuds with a cord and stuff for a whopping $29, which is a pretty outrageous price for something that doesn’t even not have any wires.) So what do you get for that unbeatable price? Well, in addition to the things that go in your ears, you get one of those little boxes of dental floss and a charging cable. Though the use of the cable may not seem immediately clear, Apple has actually included it so you can immediately throw it away in a symbolic gesture that expresses your disgust for bullshit cords and wires. (Image: Apple) Unfortunately, there is a catch. According to USA Today, these AirPods have the momentum of a runaway freight train, so they’re already on backorder for at least six weeks. That means the only way you’ll be able to get a set any sooner is by camping out in front of an Apple Store or some other retailer and praying that the tech gods take pity on you. They probably won’t, but it’s worth a try. Submit your Newswire tips here . Share Tweet Filed Under: AUX, Apple, iPhone, iPhone 7, AirPods, Courage More Newswire Previous Newswire Star Trek: Discovery finally finds its lead in The Walking Dead’s Sonequa Martin-Green Next Newswire Marvel adds more Kanye and Jay Z to its library of hip-hop variant covers WATCH VIDEO FROM THE A.V. CLUB Don't miss a story—follow The A.V. Club on: Can't see comments? Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. More Newswire Festival favorite The Blackcoat’s Daughter finally lands a release date Jan 6, 2017 6:25 PM A Georgia university is offering a college course in OutKast studies Jan 6, 2017 6:19 PM The A.V. Club is live-blogging the Golden Globes, and you’re invited Jan 6, 2017 5:39 PM Kirsten Dunst to star in AMC’s dark comedy series from the director of The Lobster Jan 6, 2017 5:22 PM A.V. Club Most Read 1 (Photo: Emma McIntyre/Getty Images) Posted Jan 6 Now TBS says Conan could go “primarily digital” 2 Photo: Taylor Swift Myspace Posted Jan 6 Explore the dusty tombs of these celebrities’ old Myspace pages 3 (Photo: Patrick McElhenney/FX) Posted Jan 6 A 5-course introduction to the depraved delights of It’s Always Sunny In Philadelphia 4 Remember Posted Jan 6 Dean Norris plays a neighborhood Nazi in a scene that looks way too relevant today Sign up for news Daily Newsletter Highlights from The A.V. Club What's On Tonight A daily update on the world of TV Submit Links and such All Recent Browse Our Features Coming Distractions Savage Love Contests RSS About Us Contact Advertise Jobs Privacy Policy The A.V. Club Store Our Partners Hitfix Mental Floss Oh My Rockness Uproxx Upworthy Vice © Copyright 2017 Onion Inc. All Rights Reserved.  
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Apple Inc.'s 7-Nanometer Path to A12 and A13 Chips The 2018 and 2019 iPhones should get some pretty fast chips. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Dec 14, 2016 at 7:08PM In September of next year, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) is expected to launch new iPhone models. Inside of those new smartphones will be a new, Apple-designed applications processor likely to be branded the A11 Fusion processor. Image source: Apple.  Current expectations are that the A11 Fusion will be manufactured in Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company's (NYSE:TSM) new 10-nanometer technology, which should allow Apple to cram a lot more functionality into the chip than it did with its prior generation A10 Fusion chip, manufactured in a 16-nanometer technology. After the A11 Fusion, Apple will presumably release the A12 Fusion chip for the 2018 iPhone models and then the A13 Fusion chip for the 2019 iPhone models. I believe both processors will be manufactured in TSMC's 7-nanometer technology, which is expected to enable further area, performance, and power improvements over TSMC's 10-nanometer technology.  Although both the A12 Fusion and A13 Fusion are likely to be built on TSMC's 7-nanometer technology, a recent comment from TSMC co-CEO Mark Liu hinted that the technology that the A13 Fusion could use won't quite be the same as the technology that may be used to build the A12 Fusion. TSMC to build performance-enhanced 7-nanometer tech On TSMC's most recent earnings call, co-CEO Mark Liu said that the company will "complete developing 7-nanometer in 2017, upgrade 7-nanometer in 2018, and complete developing 5-nanometer in 2019." What this suggests is that flagship mobile applications processors launched in the 2018 time frame will use TSMC's first-generation 7-nanometer technology. TSMC recently gave some details about its 7-nanometer technology in a paper, claiming the following improvements over its 16-nanometer technology: About a 40% speed gain relative to 16-nanometer tech at the same power. More than a 65% reduction in power compared to 16-nanometer tech at the same performance. 0.43X chip area scaling compared to its 16-nanometer technology. TSMC's next generation 7-nanometer technology, which will likely be used to build mobile applications processors in the 2019 timeframe, should keep chip area unchanged (assuming identical chips; Apple will likely add more features into the A13 Fusion relative to the A12 Fusion) but deliver improvements in both power consumption and speed. Apple has a nice path Manufacturing technology is only one part of the performance/power equation -- the underlying chip designs are critical to defining performance and power consumption. That's why something like Apple's A-series is far more powerful than, say, chips from MediaTek, even though both have access to the same manufacturing technology. It seems like TSMC is giving Apple (and, indeed, the rest of the mobile processor vendors) everything that it needs to keep cranking out faster, more feature-packed processors on an annual basis. Apple's challenge from a business point of view, though, will be to sell this improved performance and increased functionality to customers. Given the lukewarm commercial performance of the iPhone 6s series of smartphones, which delivered large increases in performance from the iPhone 6 series, it's clear that customers don't buy new, higher-performance devices for performance's sake. It's not clear how Apple can motivate developers to fully take advantage of the performance that it's delivering with these new smartphones. Developers need to design their applications to work on old hardware, which limits their ability to fully utilize all the performance that Apple delivers with its chips. Furthermore, app developers tend to publish their apps for both iOS and Android, so even though the average iPhone is probably much more powerful than the average Android smartphone, apps' core functionality needs to be geared toward low-performance Android devices. It'll be interesting to see what actions Apple can, and ultimately does, take to try to get users excited about increased performance. Ashraf Eassa has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached at TMFChipFool@gmail.com. Follow him on Twitter: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info Dec 14, 2016 at 7:08PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $117.91 up $1.30 (1.11%) Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing NYSE:TSM $29.63 down $0.17 (-0.57%) Read More If You Doubt Apple, Inc.'s Interest in Cars, Think Again Apple, Inc. Had a Merry Christmas Apple Inc. Earnings: Mark Your Calendar How Risky is Apple Inc. Stock? Tech Predictions for 2017 Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current themotleyfool Apple Inc.'s 7-Nanometer Path to A12 and A13 Chips #stocks $AAPL, $TSM
Skip to content SAT Press Releases pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Submit the press release Our Team & Contact Posted on December 15, 2016December 15, 2016 by Monika Donimirska Apple Locksmith Coral Springs Provide Customized and Fast Locksmith Services Apple Locksmith Coral Springs offer impeccable, fast and efficient locksmith services in Florida to the business community and house owners. The firm is insured, licensed, fully bonded and with a team of experienced and passionate individuals with profound skills. Emergencies happen when one is least prepared; Apple Locksmith provides its services throughout as they are on call. Each client is given customized services since all customers are treated as individuals with a unique set of needs and requirements at very cost effective and competitive prices. Based conveniently in Florida in the United States, Apple Locksmith Coral Springs is dedicated in its service to the community. The company co-founder said, “At Apple Locksmith Coral Springs, we offer efficient and fast locksmith services to the community. We ensure that you are no longer stranded by your car, house, or business premises at whatever time, either day or night. Through our superior workmanship and technical skills, we offer a broad range of custom made solutions for the lockout, key duplication, installations and many more locksmith services. Our team is passionate, friendly and is trained to handle each case with extreme dexterity. You are guaranteed of excellent customer service when dealing with us.” Emergency locksmith in Coral Springs is crucial as many incidences require immediate attention. Time and again people lose house keys when they least expect and might realize too late. Breaking into the house may seem like an option but may turn out very expensive regarding repair. An available locksmith will provide a viable and much-needed service at that point. Apple Locksmith has one on call anytime to ensure the process is neat and professional done. Car lockouts are very common locksmith emergencies services as people often lock keys inside the cars or lose them. An experienced locksmith technician offers the service at the point of need. “We use tools that prevent further damage to your car or home. Our locksmiths’ team are well trained to respond to all the emergencies in a swift and efficient way. We hardly fail our clients when it comes to responding to distress calls. Further to that, our services are the most reliable and affordable in town. Given the feedback from our clients, we can confidently say we are the market leader. We also insure our technical staff, and this has proved to benefit all the involved parties. Our clients are diverse, and we treat each client as an individual offering locksmith solutions that are unique to you,” he added. Technology is evident in everything and development today. The locks and security gadgets are more sophisticated in the present time than ever before. It needs more than just a locksmith in FI Margate to offer locksmith services.  Apple Locksmith’s team is well trained and versed in the trade to provide timely and lasting solutions on contemporary locking systems and latest technology. About Apple Locksmith Coral Springs Located in Coral Springs in Florida, United States of America, Apple Locksmith Coral Springs is a market leader in locksmith services. With vast industry experience, the company offers emergency services and provides general lock related solutions. Whether changing locks, houses or in need of duplicate keys, Apple Locksmith is the one stop shop for anyone trying to find a locksmith in Coral Springs.    CategoriessatPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious High-Performance Insulation Materials Market by Type, Application – Global Forecast to 2021 Next PostNext Lionel Richie Pre Sale Tickets: CapitalCityTickets.com is Slashing Their Prices on Lionel Richie and Mariah Carey Concert Tickets for their 2017 “All the Hits” Tour Dates with Promo Code Search Search for: Search Submit the press release now! Recent Posts Kratos to Present at the 19th Annual Needham Growth Conference January 6, 2017 Frost & Sullivan Recognizes Nuvectra’s Pioneering Spinal Cord Stimulation Product for Chronic Pain Management January 6, 2017 Hearst Agrees to Acquire Majority Ownership of TV Program Producer and Distributor Litton Entertainment January 6, 2017 Rapper Teflon Don Drops New Hip Hop Dance Song “Stop n Go” ft iLoveMemphis & J Renee #StopAndGoChallenge January 6, 2017 Jeong Hwan Choi Honored by Marquis Who’s Who for Excellence in Civil Engineering January 6, 2017 Proudly powered by WordPress
CNET Reviews Best Products CNET 100 Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Crave Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home CNET Smart Home CNET Smart Apartment Smart Home News Smart Home How To Best Smart Home Devices Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español Pairing Airpods with all of your devices takes literally 3 seconds Have a few seconds to spare? Then you have enough time to pair your AirPods with almost every Apple device you own. Sarah Tew/CNET Phones by Jason Cipriani December 14, 2016 3:57 PM PST @MrCippy Up Next CES is finally open: Here's what you missed Apple's AirPods are available just in time for the holidays. The wireless earbuds use Apple's new W1 chip, first announced back in September, to pair and communicate with your Apple devices. That chip is the secret to a simple setup and pairing process -- simpler than pairing any other Bluetooth device. Connecting your AirPods to many devices is a breeze. Enlarge Image Photo by Jason Cipriani/CNET Step 1 (there's only one step) After unboxing the AirPods, unlock your iPhone then open the AirPods container. Don't do anything else. After a few seconds, there will be a popup on your iPhone asking if you want to connect the AirPods to it. Tap on Connect. A few seconds later, the popup will display the current battery level of your AirPods and the charging case. You're done. No, really. You're finished. That was the entire pairing process not only for your iPhone, but also for any Apple device (save for the Apple TV) that's signed into your Apple ID. Enlarge Image Photo by Jason Cipriani/CNET Meaning, your iPad, Mac and Apple Watch should now all list the AirPods as a paired device, and show them as a listening option when nearby. Again, you'll need to have the same iCloud account setup on each device for your AirPods pairing to carry over. Here are the software requirements for each device, according to Apple: iPhone, iPad, or iPod touch running iOS 10.2 or later Apple Watch on WatchOS 3 or later Mac with MacOS Sierra or later Share your voice 0 comments Tags Apple Phones Software Headphones iOS 10 CNET Review Apple AirPods Long-delayed and highly ridiculed, Apple's wireless headphones are finally here -- but once you try them, you won't be laughing anymore. $198.60 See it Apple All the latest Apple news, featuring developments on the iPhone, iPad, Macbooks, OS X and much more. Jan 6 ​Apple to invest $1B in SoftBank's tech fund Jan 5 Zagg wants you to ditch AppleCare on your iPhone for its InvisibleShield plan Jan 5 Messages on iOS 10: How to use all the crazy new features Jan 5 Apple's App Store got all your money on New Year's Day All Apple Stories Related Stories Xiaomi: Don't hold your breath for a US phone in 2017 OnePlus 3T available in gold -- gold! -- on January 6 T-Mobile Uncarrier Next press conference at CES 2017: Watch live now The best phones you need to consider for 2016 Close   Discuss: Pairing Airpods with all of your devices... Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: CES is finally open: Here's what you missed 5 helpful Chromecast tips and tricks Many of Chromecast's best features are hidden just beneath the surface. Here are five of the best Chromecast tips and tricks. by Taylor Martin 2:23 Nvidia's new Shield TV and Dell's Canvas debut The latest from CES 2017 includes Nvidia's new Shield TV and Spot combination, a new Amazon store coming to New York City and Dell's artist-focused Canvas PC features a drafting board and display combo. by Jeff Bakalar Close Drag CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumour Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Contact Us The Bitbag Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumors Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Tech & Gadgets Apple Mac Mini 2017 News & Updates: To Arrive In Early 2017? By Michael Jay Toledo Posted on December 15, 2016 Share Tweet Share Share Email After almost two years of waiting for an update, it seems like consumers will finally have their hands on the new Apple Mac Mini. It is said to be arriving early next year featuring a lot of top-class specs. So, without further ado, here are the key details you need to know. Apple released the last update of the Mac Mini back in 2014. Users were disappointed, however, because of the device?s poor performance. Many even believed that the Mac Mini 2017 will never be made. But, here we are, just months away from the release of the device. With regards to its specs, consumers are expecting the device to boast advanced chipsets. It is also said to be capable of supporting a 4K video display alongside a Thunderbolt 3 interface. Furthermore, the new Intel?s Kaby Lake processor will support the device. As a result, many are anticipating the new Mac Mini to hit the stores next year. Related: HP Z2 Mini Release, Price & Specs: A Mac Mini Contender? Previous reports stated that the Kaby Lake processor will arrive early next year. If it is going to be used on the Apple Mac Mini 2017, then it may be released some time in the second quarter of 2017. But if not, consumers should expect an earlier release but with a bit weaker processor. Meanwhile, other rumors state that flash drives will soon take over Apple products. As a result, the upcoming Mac Mini device is also said to have USB Type-C ports. To avoid disappointments, Apple should also upgrade the device?s RAM capacity. Related: Mac Mini vs HP Z2 Mini: Is the Mac Mini Facing Obsolescence? As of now, these are the latest information about the Mac Mini 2017 available online. With regards to its pricing, the Cupertino-based tech giant has not disclosed such information yet. Also, keep in mind that none of these rumors came from Apple so take them with a grain of salt. Aside from its price, the Apple Mac Mini 2017 official release date has yet to be announced as well. So, for more news and updates about the device, be sure to stay tuned here on TheBitbag. Share your thoughts in the comment section below. Also read: Apple Mac Mini 2017 Release Date, Update: Mac Mini Server Making a Comeback in 2017? Related Items:Apple Mac Mini, Apple Mac Mini 2017, Apple Mac Mini 2017 News Share Tweet Share Share Email Recommended for you Apple Mac Mini 2017 Updates: This Could Be The Last Mac Mini From Apple Apple Mac Mini 2017 Release Date, Update: Mac Mini Server Making a Comeback in 2017? About the author Michael Jay Toledo Michael is a reader of sorts. He also likes to watch movies and TV series in his spare time. The Tech and Entertainment writer of TheBitBag.Com is also a great fan of basketball and a player himself. Michael graduated with a degree in journalism. Post navigation CES 2017: Samsung QLED TV Release, Features And Everything You Need To Know Linksys Features To Release High-Speed Gaming Router In CES 2017 Featured Gravity Rush 2 Powers: Kat Throwing Water Bubbles Excites Fans League Of Legends Warwick Rework: Singed Turns Champion Into Fantasy Wolverine Every Bit Of News In One Dynamic Site: The Bitbag is your one-stop source of news, reviews, features, how-tos, and most relevant information on today?s hottest and most trending topics in the world of Tech, Social Media, Entertainment, and Lifestyle. So if you have anything you want discussed, or you?ve got a few hot tips to share, get in touch with us at contact@thebitbag.com. LATEST NEWS WWE 2K17 Future Stars Pack DLC: New Moves We Can Expect It’s been said many times: the WWE 2K17 Future Stars Pack is highly anticipated... Gears Of War 4 Update: Quitting Penalties, Bans, And More Coming In ‘Season 2’ Recently, the next Gears of War 4 update was confirmed on its official forums.... Final Fantasy 15 DLC: Episode Prompto Play Area Possibly The Whole Niflheim Map In Final Fantasy 15, each of Noctis’ friends has a DLC that focuses more... Mass Effect Andromeda Combat Mechanics: Everything We Know So Far Bioware’s Mass Effect Andromeda is shaping to be one of the most anticipated titles... Mass Effect Andromeda CES 2017 Gameplay Trailer Worries Fans Mass Effect Andromeda just debuted a new gameplay trailer during the Consumer Electronics Show... POPULAR TAGS Pokemon Go Apple Xbox 360 PS3 Microsoft android Xbox One Sony Nintendo iPhone Pokemon ps4 Ubisoft google Samsung Playstation 3 The Division no man's sky PC iOS Editors Pick EA mobile gaming facebook playstation 4 pokemon sun and moon fallout 4 featured Capcom Marvel Stephen Heller iPhone 7 iPad Game of Thrones games Blizzard NBA 2k17 snskid NBA Trade Rumors PlayStation About Us Privacy Policy Contact Us Meet The Team Copyright ? 2016 - Tune Media. All right reserved. To Top
RSS Youtube Linkedin Find us on Google+ Twitter Facebook   MOBILE CLOUD SECURITY STORAGE ENTERPRISE APPS INNOVATION Android   Apple   IT Management   Networking   More     Slide Shows   Video   Blogs   Research Center   Sponsored Content Small Business Virtualization Database Developer PC Hardware Servers eWEEKChat eWEEK at 30 Big Data Analytics Cloud Backup Next Generation Firewall     Video   /   34 People Arrested in Global Crackdown on DDOS Attack Service Users       34 People Arrested in Global Crackdown on DDOS Attack Service Users     By eWEEK Staff  |  Posted 2016-12-14 Print               DAILY VIDEO: 34 people arrested in global roundup of DDoS service customers; Apple updates macOS and IOS for security vulnerabilities; Facebook releases free SSL/TLS certificate transparency monitoring tool; and there's more.   Latest Videos Sponsored Videos DHS-FBI Report Provides Details on Russian Hacks of U.S. Targets DAILY VIDEO: DHS-FBI report details Russian malicious cyber activity; U.S. prosecutors charge three... Amazon Refuses to Give Police Echo Digital Assistant User Transcripts DAILY VIDEO: Amazon resists warrant for Echo digital assistant user transcripts; South Korea fines... Congressional Study Concludes Strong Encryption Important for Economy DAILY VIDEO: Congressional study backs strong encryption essential for U.S. economy; Container... Security Flaws Detected in Panasonic Airline Entertainment System DAILY VIDEO: Security vulnerabilities found in airline entertainment systems; Akamai acquires... Facebook to Hire 'Head of News' to Help Rein in Phony Articles DAILY VIDEO: Facebook strategy to halt fake news includes a 'Head of News'; Google releases test set... Red Hat Extends OpenStack Cloud Platform 10 Support for Up to 5 Years DAILY VIDEO: Red Hat OpenStack Platform 10 extends cloud support; Google releases National Security... Yahoo Confirms Another Hack Affecting 1 Billion Users DAILY VIDEO: Yahoo suffers new hack; 1 Billion users impacted this time; Uber starts up self-driving... Sprint Introduces HPUE Wireless Range-Extending Technology DAILY VIDEO: Sprint’s new HPUE tech promises to extend reach of its 2.5 GHz service; Microsoft,... 34 People Arrested in Global Crackdown on DDOS Attack Service Users DAILY VIDEO: 34 people arrested in global roundup of DDoS service customers; Apple updates macOS and... New Kubernetes Release Enables Container Management on Windows Server DAILY VIDEO: Kubernetes 1.5 brings container management to Windows; Cisco Security Business Group... Intel Processors, Storage Enhancements Set New Dell Servers Apart Dell’s latest Intel-based PowerEdge servers bring new levels of operational efficiency and... Dell PowerEdge R630: Incredible Density Across a Range of Resources The Dell PowerEdge R630 is a mainstream 2S/1U rack server that delivers incredible density across a... Save on Operating Costs for Scale-Out Workloads With the introduction of the Dell PowerEdge FM 120x4, Dell and Intel are bringing to market a server... Dell PowerEdge R730xd: Storage Density for Clouds, Big Data and More The Dell PowerEdge R730xd, also based on Intel Xeon processors, is one of the world's densest... Dell PowerEdge T630: Versatility for ROBO Environments and More The Dell PowerEdge T630 is a mainstream 2S/5U rack-mount tower server with a versatile mix of... Introduction to the 13th Generation Dell PowerEdge Servers video Dell's latest generation of Intel-based PowerEdge servers has the power and flexibility to solve all... Meet Some of the 13th Generation Dell PowerEdge Servers video Dell’s latest Intel-based PowerEdge servers bring new levels of operational efficiency and... Management Features of the 13th Generation Dell PowerEdge Servers video Today's businesses need to innovate to compete. If your IT talent is spending too much time... Innovative Features in the 13th Generation Dell PowerEdge Servers video Dell PowerEdge servers powered by Intel processors include a number of innovative features designed... Virtualization, Convergence and Cloud with Dell PowerEdge Servers video Agility is a competitive edge that Dell's PowerEdge servers can deliver thanks to dense, storage... Read more about the stories in today's news: 34 People Arrested in Global Roundup of DDoS Service Customers Apple Updates macOS and IOS for Security Vulnerabilities Facebook Releases Free SSL/TLS Certificate Transparency Monitoring Tool Google Open Sources Machine Learning Data Visualization Tool       Today's topics include the arrest of 34 individuals in 13 countries charged with using online services that provide denial-of-service attacks to order, Apple’s security patch for its macOS and iOS, the release of Facebook’s Certificate Transparency Monitoring tool and Google’s improvements to its machine learning technology through its Embedding Projector technology. International law enforcement agencies in more than dozen countries arrested 34 individuals in a cyber-crime sweep that focused on customers of online services that provide denial-of-service attacks to order. In the United States, the FBI arrested a 26-year-old University of Southern California graduate student allegedly linked to distributed denial-of-service (DDoS) attack that knocked a San Francisco chat-service company offline. The suspect, Sean Sharma, was charged on Dec. 9 with purchasing a DDoS tool used to mount the attack, the FBI stated in a release. Since last week, the FBI’s International Cyber Crime Coordination Cell, or IC4, and other law enforcement agencies—including Europol and the U.K.’s National Crime Agency—have arrested 34 suspects and conducted interviews with 101 individuals. Apple is updating both its desktop macOS Sierra and iOS mobile operating systems for multiple security vulnerabilities. The iOS 10.2 update was officially released on Dec. 12, while the macOS 10.12.2 update followed a day later on Dec. 13. Among the items fixed in iOS 10.2 is a vulnerability that was first publicly disclosed in a YouTube video on Nov. 16 that can enable a potential attacker to access a user's photos and contacts from the iPhone's lock screen. The vulnerability is identified as CVE-2016-7664 and was reported by Miguel Alvarado of iDeviceHelp. On Dec. 13, Facebook announced the launch of its freely-available Certificate Transparency Monitoring tool, providing users with a simple way to search for recently issued certificates and to be alerted when a new certificate is issued for a specific domain. SSL/TLS is the encryption standard used across the internet to secure websites. A best practice for SSL/TLS is for the security certificates to be issued by a known Certificate Authority (CA) to help guarantee authenticity and integrity. Defective Certificates can be accidentally or maliciously issued, which is a risk that the Certificate Transparency effort aims to help mitigate. Google initiated the Certificate Transparency initiative, which involves Certificate Authorities publishing newly issued certificates to a Certificate Transparency (CT) log. Facebook's tool enables users to search CT logs for certificates as well as provides a mechanism to subscribe to alerts on domains. Google has open sourced its Embedding Projector, a web application that gives developers a way to visualize data that's being used to train their machine learning systems. Embedding Projector is part of TensorFlow, the machine learning technology behind some popular Google services like image search, Smart Reply in Inbox and Google Translate. In a technical paper, Google researchers described the Embedding Projector as an interactive visualization tool that developers can use to interpret machine-learning models that rely on what are known as “embeddings." “With the widespread adoption of ML systems, it is increasingly important for research scientists to be able to explore how the data is being interpreted by the models,” Google engineer Daniel Smilkov said in Google’s open source blog.       Submit a Comment Loading Comments...   Manage your Newsletters: Login   Register My Newsletters eWeek Editor's Pick News & Views Cloud Computing Mobile and Wireless Update Best of eWeek eWeek Sunday Brunch eCareers Smart Moves Enterprise Applications Topic Center Update Enterprise IT Advantage eWeek Whitepaper Spotlight eWeek Labs eWeek Enterprise Update eWeek Storage Report Industry Center Update : Finance Industry Center Update : Government Industry Center Update : Health Care Infrastructure Topic Center Update Linux & Open Source Topic Center Update Mid-Market Solutions Securing the Enterprise VoIP Topic Center Update What's Hot Now eWeekend         News and Reviews Slideshows Google Open Sources Data Visualization Tool for Machine Learning Cisco Security Business Group Continues to Accelerate Growth Amazon Go Won't Kill Many Jobs, But It May Prove a Boon to Crooks Microsoft, Harman Kardon to Take on Amazon Echo, Google Home Yahoo Suffers New Hack; 1 Billion Users Impacted This Time 10 Things T-Mobile Has Done to Move O... With approximately 70 million subscribers, T-Mobile isn’t the... Watch Now                             Topics by Type Android Apple Cloud Database Developer Enterprise Apps Innovation IT Management   Mobile Networking PC Hardware Security Servers Small Business Storage Virtualization Articles by Type News & Analysis Slideshows Blogs Reviews Video   Contact Us About eWeek Sitemap Blogs Security Watch Upfront First Read Storage Station Careers Google Watch Special Features eWeekChat eWeek 30th Anniversary Cloud Backup Project Center Next Generation Firewall Project Center Big Data Analytics Project Center Research Center       Property of QuinStreet Enterprise. Terms of Service | Licensing & Reprints | Privacy Policy | Advertise Copyright 2017 QuinStreet Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2017 QuinStreet Inc. All right reserved.<noscript></div>  
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « After President-Elect Trump Met with Silicon Valley's Elite, Tim Cook and Elon Musk met with Trump in a Private Meeting | Main | Fast Company Speculates that Apple is working with Dialog Semi and Energous on a Long-Range Wireless Charging Solution » December 14, 2016 Samsung's Galaxy S8 to Introduce a Display Technology that Copies Apple's 'Integrated Touch'   It's being reported today that Samsung Electronics is planning to use direct touch flexible display technology beginning with the 5.5" Galaxy S8 (tentative name), which is set to be released in spring of 2017. Although Samsung first introduced this feature with the new Galaxy Note 7, its full display was not revealed due to a discontinuation of Galaxy Note 7.   Industry sources are now reporting that Samsung Electronics is planning to use Y-OCTA technology for its next strategic Smartphone called Galaxy S8. Main function of this technology is to implement a touch sensor during a process of manufacturing of a display.   Until now, Samsung Electronics had been using films to implement touch function on flexible displays. It formed electrodes on top of films that are made of plastic and used add-on method that attaches these onto displays.   Y-OCTA technology eliminates this add-on method and instead forms electrodes with touch function inside of a display (insulator film).   Apple calls this technology 'In-Cell' and has been using it for some time now. Apple has at least two patents on this (One and two) and one in particular is for OLED displays. Whether Apple will use this technology on their new OLED displays in 2017 is unknown at this time.   For the record, when Apple's VP of Worldwide Marketing Phil Schiller was introducing the iPhone 5 back in 2012 he stated that "The engineering team went much further. They've done some breakthrough work and have integrated touch sensors right into the display itself," referring to the next generation in-cell display. This makes the display 30% thinner than the iPhone 4S while making the image sharper with less glare in sunlight. It's truly the world's most advanced display."   So Samsung bringing this feature to market five years after Apple introduced it under a complex acronym 'Y-OCTA' that no one seems to know what it even stands for is a joke, not a breakthrough. With so many features in the Galaxy S8 copying Apple's iPhone 7, why not just call their next smartphone the 'Copycat 8'?   It appears that Samsung Galaxy S8 feature rumors are leaking out in a steady stream to get their fans excited. Below are a few other S8 rumor reports that we've published since October.   The Latest Samsung Galaxy S8 Rumors Point to a Possible 6.2" Display with Dual Edge-Only Designs   Samsung's 2017 Galaxy S8 will substantially Advance its Selfie Front-Side Camera with a Next-Gen Actuator     Samsung Confirms AI is coming to the Galaxy S8 in Late February Courtesy of Viv     Copycat Samsung to Introduce Galaxy S8 in Q1 2017 with Dual Cameras and No Home Button    About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.       Posted by Jack Purcher on December 14, 2016 at 05:53 PM in 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports | Permalink Comments The comments to this entry are closed. Search Recent Posts Huawei Begins their Big Squeeze on Samsung in the U.S. Today Canadian Competition Bureau Closes its Investigation into Apple Conducting Anti-Competitive Practices Patent Troll GPNE continues to Fight Apple in China over Infringing Patents related to Cellular technologies We weep to learn that Super Millionaire Tim Cook won't make as many Millions as last year Apple's Virtual Click Wheel Prototype feature for iOS may have been discovered Apple Reportedly Shifting to IGZO TFT-LCD Panels for MacBook Pro Sometime in 2017 While Samsung's Mobile Division Nose Dived this Quarter, other Components gave Samsung a Solid Winning Quarter Apple confirms our Report that the first Flagship Apple Store in South Korea will open later this year Ireland's Sinn Féin Accuses Apple's CEO of being Disrespectful to the Irish People for not attending a Key Hearing Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports 6. Patently Xtra News 7. Snap News 8. Apple-IBM MobileFirst 9. Apple Events & Financial Related Accessories Apple & Market Statistics Apple - Macs Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple iTunes / Apple Music Apple Pay, iWallet, NFC Related Apple Pencil - Smart Pen Apple Store Apple Watch + Other Wearables AppleTV Related Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible, Foldable Facial Recognition & 3D Related Future Interfaces Green Technology Haptics & Tactile iBeacon News + Inductive, Wireless Charging Liquid Metal Location Related, Indoor Mapping Maps Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Reports Projection Related Security Related Smart Bezels + Social Networking Software + OS Solar Energy Sports Related Travel Related Vehicle Related Videos Videos (Reports with) See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
GSMArena.com Tip us 848k 113k 86k 164k RSS Log in Login with Facebook Google Sign up Home News Reviews Blog Phone Finder Tools Glossary Coverage FAQ Contact Something to look forward to Android 7.0 Nougat review - - - The dedicated Apple Support app is now available in the US Post your comment Comments (1) Vlad, 14 December 2016 Apple iOS Mobile software Last month a new standalone Apple Support app for iOS devices quietly became available in the Netherlands. At that moment we thought this was just the first step in a wider rollout, and that turns out to have been true. The release of the app is just slower than we'd have expected. Anyway, today marks the debut of the Apple Support app for iOS in the US. It's already available in the iTunes App Store, and you can install it on an iPhone, iPad, or iPod touch running iOS 9 or later. The app gives you the full list of the Apple products you own (Macs included), and lets you easily start a chat with a support rep, or schedule a support call. You can also schedule a Genius Bar appointment in an Apple Store, and see the full history of your support requests. Additionally, through the Apple Support app you're able to check out some featured How To articles, tailored to the exact products you own. Apple says the new app will be out in other countries "in the coming weeks", so if you're not in the US or the Netherlands you still need to be patient until you can finally use it. Source Related articles Standalone Apple Support app is launching for iOS Apple releases macOS 10.12.2 update Apple releases watchOS 3.1.1, pulls it after bricking complaints Apple releases tvOS 10.1, new TV app is included Reader comments Vj14 vCX} 15 Dec 2016 Apple support is best Reply Read all comments Post your comment Total reader comments: 1 Phone finder Samsung Apple Microsoft Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Gigabyte XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo YU verykool Maxwest NIU Yezz Parla Plum All brands Rumor mill Top 10 by daily interest   Device Daily hits   1. Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime 122,359 2. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2016) 91,458 3. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 90,389 4. Xiaomi Redmi 3s Prime 71,817 5. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 64,217 6. vivo V5 64,196 7. Oppo F1s 58,861 8. Samsung Galaxy J5 (2016) 57,986 9. Samsung Galaxy S7 edge 57,557 10. Lenovo K6 Note 48,053 Top 10 by fans   Device Favorites   1. Samsung Galaxy S7 edge 1,799 2. OnePlus 3 1,563 3. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 1,512 4. Xiaomi Mi 5 1,477 5. Samsung Galaxy S7 1,359 6. Sony Xperia Z5 Premium 1,356 7. HTC 10 1,315 8. Samsung Galaxy Note5 1,132 9. Huawei Nexus 6P 1,130 10. LG G5 1,112 Home News Reviews Blog Compare Coverage Glossary FAQ RSS feed Facebook Twitter © 2000-2016 GSMArena.com Mobile version Contact us Advertising Privacy Terms of use CDN by
Flathead Beacon Kalispell -4°F -20°C Clear Sky FOLLOW Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn YouTube Tumblr RSS Feed SECTIONS News & Features Sports Outdoors Arts & Entertainment Opinion Photos Events Marketplace Prev Next Dow Nears 20,000 as Energy Companies, Tech Stocks Climb Federal Reserve expected to announce an increase in interest rates on Wednesday By MARLEY JAY, AP Markets Writer // Dec 13, 2016 // AP Story, Latest Headlines, News & Features Share Share Tweet Print Email Embed from Getty Images NEW YORK — Major U.S. stock indexes set records again Tuesday as energy companies continued to climb following international deals that will cut oil production. Big-name technology companies like Apple and IBM also traded higher as the Dow Jones industrial average closed above 19,900 for the first time. The Dow finished at an all-time high for the seventh consecutive trading day. The biggest gain went to IBM, while Apple and Exxon Mobil also finished near the top. Energy companies rose for the ninth day out of the last 10 as investors anticipated steadier oil prices and larger profits. Technology companies also jumped. They had mostly lagged the market during its post-election rally, but have moved higher in the last few days. J.J. Kinahan, TD Ameritrade’s chief strategist, said stocks have surged since the presidential election because after a long campaign, investors have a better idea which policies the country will adopt. “The biggest questions hanging over us are gone,” he said. The Dow Jones industrial average climbed 114.78 points, or 0.6 percent, to 19,911.21. The blue-chip index went as high as 19,953. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index picked up 14.76 points, or 0.7 percent, to 2,271.72. The Nasdaq composite climbed 51.29 points, or 0.9 percent, to 5,463.83. Energy companies rose for the fifth consecutive day. Exxon Mobil climbed $1.60, or 1.8 percent, to $92.58 and Noble Energy advanced $1.80, or 4.5 percent, to $41.64. OPEC countries agreed on Nov. 30 to trim oil production next year, and over the weekend a group of 11 other nations also agreed to make cuts. Those reductions are intended to prop up the price of oil following a two-year slump. U.S. crude is up 17 percent since the OPEC deal was announced, which has taken it to its highest price in almost a year and a half, and the S&P 500 energy index is up 10 percent. Benchmark U.S. crude rose 15 cents to $52.98 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, the international standard, added 3 cents to $55.72 a barrel in London. Technology companies jumped as a group of tech executives, including the CEOs of Apple and Microsoft, prepare to meet with President-elect Donald Trump on Wednesday. Kinahan said investors in technology companies may be looking forward to tax changes that will encourage them to bring more cash back to the U.S. and invest it in their businesses or return it to shareholders. On Tuesday Apple added $1.89, or 1.7 percent, to $115.19. IBM was the biggest gainer on the Dow, as it picked up $2.79, or 1.7 percent, to $168.29. Consumer-focused companies rose more than the rest of the market. Online retailer Amazon rose $14.22, or 1.9 percent, to $774.34 and home improvement retailer Home Depot jumped $1.96, or 1.5 percent, to $136.54. Newell Brands, which owns brands including Rubbermaid, Elmer’s and Mr. Coffee, picked up 82 cents, or 1.8 percent, to $47.30. Some companies that have performed very well over the last five weeks lost ground. Basic materials and industrial companies traded slightly lower. Banks, which have soared since the election, rose less than the rest of the market. Larger companies did much better than smaller ones. The Russell 2000 index of small company stocks, which has soared since the election, was essentially flat. Japanese brewer Asahi Group said it will pay $7.8 billion to buy five beer brands in Eastern Europe from Anheuser-Busch InBev, the maker of Budweiser. The brands include Pilsner Urquell. In October AB InBev bought rival SABMiller, and during those negotiations Asahi bought a group of Western European brands including Peroni and Grolsch. AB InBev picked up $1.36, or 1.3 percent, to $105.05. Investors expect the Federal Reserve to raise interest rates when it ends a policy meeting Wednesday. The central bank last raised interest rates a year ago. It’s kept rates very low since the 2008 financial crisis, but its leaders have suggested the U.S. economy is improving enough that it is time to start gradually raising rates. Low interest rates have helped drive stock prices higher, but they punish savers who look for income from bank accounts and bonds. U.S. government bond prices rose slightly. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note dipped to 2.47 percent from 2.48 percent, its highest level since June 2015. The dollar rose to 115.23 yen from 115.12 yen. The euro fell to $1.0622 from $1.0630. In other energy trading, wholesale gasoline edged up 1 cent to $1.55 a gallon. Heating oil remained at $1.67 a gallon. Natural gas lost 3 cents to $3.47 per 1,000 cubic feet. Gold fell $6.80 to $1,159 an ounce. Silver lost 21 cents, or 1.2 percent, to $16.98 an ounce. Copper fell 2 cents to $2.60 a pound. The FTSE MIB in Italy jumped 2.5 percent and UniCredit, the largest Italian lender, soared 16 percent after it said it will unload $18.8 billion in soured loans, raise billions in cash, and cut thousands more jobs. Germany’s DAX rose 0.8 percent and the French CAC-40 was gained 0.9 percent. In Britain, the FTSE 100 rose 1.1 percent. Blue-chip stocks also led the way in Europe. Tokyo’s Nikkei 225 rose 0.5 percent. The Kospi in South Korea climbed 0.4 percent and the Hang Seng of Hong Kong added 0.1 percent. Show Comments (8) Rhett the Butler Thanks Obama. Snowbird Hmmm, kinda happened after the election. Might be due to Trump influence. However I think it’s transitory and will fall back to earth sometime, maybe even crash Rhett the Butler Right. Because the other 11,000 points over the past 8 years had nothing to do with it. Snowbird No criticism there, I think it’s overvalued and a crash is coming I am Gatekeeper https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/bdd47d3a2943dbc5b06bed0f6ea52c58fd8fb206cb91e2281d580668be4d225b.jpg I am Gatekeeper https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/9a8c0d99a8ffffa9b84ddaf7a309bffa2c081b017043a5bcb6defa5a32fd2186.jpg Greg Strandberg Might be a good time to get out. Fast How come the “white Trash ” think it intelligent to say – what about the financial markets??? 💩 when they can barely find their way to the super market 😡 Share Share Tweet Print Email Prev Next More From The Beacon Accomplished Kalispell Athlete Killed in Glacier Park Avalanche Prospect of White Supremacist March ‘Unlikely’ Flathead Musician Rob Quist Launches Bid for Zinke’s Congressional Seat Editor's Pick Montana's Budget Battle View Photos Skijoring Photo Gallery More Tweets from https://twitter.com/FlatheadBeacon/flathead-beacon News & Features Sports Outdoors Arts & Entertainment Opinion Photos Events About Us Marketplace Advertise Subscribe Advertiser Tear Sheets Email & RSS Feeds Contact Us © 2017 Flathead Beacon, All Rights Reserved. Use of this site is subject to the Flathead Beacon's Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Flathead Beacon 17 Main Street Kalispell Montana 59901 USA (406) 257-9220
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Apple Inc.'s 7-Nanometer Path to A12 and A13 Chips The 2018 and 2019 iPhones should get some pretty fast chips. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Dec 14, 2016 at 7:08PM In September of next year, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) is expected to launch new iPhone models. Inside of those new smartphones will be a new, Apple-designed applications processor likely to be branded the A11 Fusion processor. Image source: Apple.  Current expectations are that the A11 Fusion will be manufactured in Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company's (NYSE:TSM) new 10-nanometer technology, which should allow Apple to cram a lot more functionality into the chip than it did with its prior generation A10 Fusion chip, manufactured in a 16-nanometer technology. After the A11 Fusion, Apple will presumably release the A12 Fusion chip for the 2018 iPhone models and then the A13 Fusion chip for the 2019 iPhone models. I believe both processors will be manufactured in TSMC's 7-nanometer technology, which is expected to enable further area, performance, and power improvements over TSMC's 10-nanometer technology.  Although both the A12 Fusion and A13 Fusion are likely to be built on TSMC's 7-nanometer technology, a recent comment from TSMC co-CEO Mark Liu hinted that the technology that the A13 Fusion could use won't quite be the same as the technology that may be used to build the A12 Fusion. TSMC to build performance-enhanced 7-nanometer tech On TSMC's most recent earnings call, co-CEO Mark Liu said that the company will "complete developing 7-nanometer in 2017, upgrade 7-nanometer in 2018, and complete developing 5-nanometer in 2019." What this suggests is that flagship mobile applications processors launched in the 2018 time frame will use TSMC's first-generation 7-nanometer technology. TSMC recently gave some details about its 7-nanometer technology in a paper, claiming the following improvements over its 16-nanometer technology: About a 40% speed gain relative to 16-nanometer tech at the same power. More than a 65% reduction in power compared to 16-nanometer tech at the same performance. 0.43X chip area scaling compared to its 16-nanometer technology. TSMC's next generation 7-nanometer technology, which will likely be used to build mobile applications processors in the 2019 timeframe, should keep chip area unchanged (assuming identical chips; Apple will likely add more features into the A13 Fusion relative to the A12 Fusion) but deliver improvements in both power consumption and speed. Apple has a nice path Manufacturing technology is only one part of the performance/power equation -- the underlying chip designs are critical to defining performance and power consumption. That's why something like Apple's A-series is far more powerful than, say, chips from MediaTek, even though both have access to the same manufacturing technology. It seems like TSMC is giving Apple (and, indeed, the rest of the mobile processor vendors) everything that it needs to keep cranking out faster, more feature-packed processors on an annual basis. Apple's challenge from a business point of view, though, will be to sell this improved performance and increased functionality to customers. Given the lukewarm commercial performance of the iPhone 6s series of smartphones, which delivered large increases in performance from the iPhone 6 series, it's clear that customers don't buy new, higher-performance devices for performance's sake. It's not clear how Apple can motivate developers to fully take advantage of the performance that it's delivering with these new smartphones. Developers need to design their applications to work on old hardware, which limits their ability to fully utilize all the performance that Apple delivers with its chips. Furthermore, app developers tend to publish their apps for both iOS and Android, so even though the average iPhone is probably much more powerful than the average Android smartphone, apps' core functionality needs to be geared toward low-performance Android devices. It'll be interesting to see what actions Apple can, and ultimately does, take to try to get users excited about increased performance. Ashraf Eassa has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached at TMFChipFool@gmail.com. Follow him on Twitter: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info Dec 14, 2016 at 7:08PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $117.91 up $1.30 (1.11%) Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing NYSE:TSM $29.63 down $0.17 (-0.57%) Read More If You Doubt Apple, Inc.'s Interest in Cars, Think Again Apple, Inc. Had a Merry Christmas Apple Inc. Earnings: Mark Your Calendar How Risky is Apple Inc. Stock? Tech Predictions for 2017 Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current themotleyfool Apple Inc.'s 7-Nanometer Path to A12 and A13 Chips #stocks $AAPL, $TSM
null
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Global Fruit and Vegetable Juices Industry News provided by ReportBuyer Dec 14, 2016, 19:05 ET Share this article LONDON, Dec. 14, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- This report analyzes the worldwide markets for Fruit and Vegetable Juices in Million Liters by the following Types: Fruit Juices (100% Juice, 25-99% Juice, & <25% Juice), and Vegetable Juices. The report provides separate comprehensive analytics for the US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific, Middle East & Africa, and Latin America. Annual estimates and forecasts are provided for the period 2015 through 2022. Also, a six-year historic analysis is provided for these markets. Market data and analytics are derived from primary and secondary research. Company profiles are primarily based on public domain information including company URLs. The report profiles 175 companies including many key and niche players such as - >Ajeper SA Birdseye Dairy, Inc. Campbell Soup Company Del Monte Foods, Inc. Dr Pepper Snapple Group, Inc. Download the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/397828/ I. INTRODUCTION, METHODOLOGY & PRODUCT DEFINITIONS Study Reliability and Reporting Limitations I-1 Disclaimers.............. I-2 Data Interpretation & Reporting Level I-2 Quantitative Techniques & Analytics I-3 Product Definitions and Scope of Study I-3 Fruit Juices.............. I-3 100% Juice.............. I-3 25-99% Juice.............. I-3 <25% Juice.............. I-3 Vegetable Juice.............. I-4> II. EXECUTIVE SUMMARY 1. INDUSTRY OVERVIEW.............. II-1 Fruit & Vegetable Juices: Refreshing, Nutrition-Rich Juices for Health-Conscious Consumers..............II-1 Fruit Juices Segment Dominates Fruit and Vegetable Juices Market II-3 Orange Juice Leads Fruit Juice Market, Faces Threat from New Flavor Offerings..............II-4 Table 1: Global Market for Fruit and Vegetable Juices (2015): Percentage Breakdown of Volume Share by Fruit/Vegetable Juice (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-4 Table 2: Consumption of Orange Juice Worldwide (In 1,000 Metric Tons) by Geographic Region/ Country (2014/15 & 2015/16) (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-5 Vegetable Juices Market - High Nutrition and Low Calorie Attributes Favor Segment Growth II-5 High-Value, Premium Juices: Promising Revival in Mature Developed Markets..............II-6 Developing Regions Emerge as Lucrative Markets for Functional and Flavorful Health Juices..............II-6 Innovative, Healthy, and Fortified Juices Flood the Market II-7 Growing Demand for Organic Juices - A Promising Opportunity II-7 Cold-Pressed Juices: A Market on Road to Rapid Growth II-8 HPP-Treated Juices Capitalize on Growing Popularity of Cold- Pressed Juices.............. II-8 Development of New Juice Varieties to Foster Market Growth II-9 Increasing Preference for Whole Fruits and Vegetables Hampers Growth.............. II-9 Fruit Vs Fruit Juice: An Ongoing Debate II-10 Competitive Landscape..............II-10 Table 3: Leading Players in the Global Fruit and Vegetable Juice Market (2015): Percentage Share Breakdown of Value Sales for Coca Cola Company, PepsiCo Inc. and Others (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-11 Leading Juice Brands in the World II-11 EXIM Statistics.............. II-11 Table 4: Global Exports for Unfermented Fruit & Vegetable Juices (2014 & 2015): Percentage Breakdown of Exports Value by Exporting Country (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-12 Table 5: Global Imports for Unfermented Fruit & Vegetable Juices (2014 & 2015): Percentage Breakdown of Imports Value by Importing Country (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-13 Table 6: Global Exports of Orange Juice (2014/15 and 2015/16): Percentage Share Breakdown of Export Volume by Country/Region (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-14 Table 7: Global Imports of Orange Juice (2014/15 and 2015/16): Percentage Share Breakdown of Import Volume by Country/Region (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-15 Table 8: World Imports of Apple Juice (2015): Percentage Breakdown of Import Value by Country for Germany, Japan, Netherlands, UK, US and Others (includes corresponding Graph/Chart).............. II-16 Table 9: World Exports of Apple Juice (2015): Percentage Breakdown of Export Value by Country for Austria, China, Germany, Poland, Ukraine and Others (includes corresponding Graph/Chart).............. II-16 2. GROWTH DRIVERS, MARKET TRENDS & ISSUES II-17 Megatrends to Positive Influence Fruit & Vegetable Juice Market II-17 Expanding Middle Class Population in Emerging Markets Offer Increased Growth Prospects..............II-17 Table 10: Global Middle Class Population (in Millions) by Geographic Region: 2010, 2020P & 2030P (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............II-17 Table 11: Global Middle Class Population by Geographic Region: Percentage Share Breakdown for 2010, 2020P & 2030P (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-18 Rising Disposable Incomes Propel Market Growth II-18 Table 12: Global Per Capita Disposable Income (2011-2015E) (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-19 Table 13: Annual Disposable Incomes in US$ '000 for Select Countries (2012) (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-19 Expanding Urban Population Spurs Growth II-20 Table 14: Total Population Worldwide by Urban and Rural Population in Thousands: 1950-2050P (includes corresponding Graph/Chart).............. II-21 Table 15: Urban Population as a % of Total Population by Geographic Region for the Years 1990, 2014 & 2050 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............II-22 Table 16: Percentage of Urban Population in Select Countries (2010 & 2050) (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-23 Favorable Role of Fruit & Vegetable Juices in Weight Loss Drives Demand.............. II-23 Juice Diets Emerge as an Option for Diet Conscious Consumers II-25 Fortified Drinks Continue Finding Favor among Consumers II-26 Fruit and Vegetable Juices Function as Support Structure for Maintaining Good Health..............II-26 Table 17: Select Fruit Juices and their Nutritional Value II-27 Cranberry Juice Helps Cure Intestinal Infections II-27 Concord Grape Juice is Rich in Antioxidants II-28 Orange Juice Lowers Kidney Stone Recurrence II-28 Pomegranates Juice Provides Immense Health Benefits II-28 Lemon Juice Helps in Weight Loss II-28 Apple Juice for Maintaining Flawless Skin II-29 Pink Grapefruit Juice High in Nutrients II-29 Beta-Glucan Fruit Juices Lower Bad Cholesterol II-29 Extraction of Fruit and Vegetable Juices: Juicing Vs Blending II-29 Concentrated and Non-Concentrated Juices II-30 Heart Health Juices to Flourish..............II-30 Fruit and Vegetable Juices for Quitting Smoking II-31 Safe and Attractive Packaging Lures Consumers II-31 New, Innovative Sans Bottle for Preserving Juices and Smoothies II-31 Health Risks of Fruit & Vegetable Juices II-32 Unpasteurized Juices Lead to Health Risk II-32 Increasing Consumption of Fructose-based Juices Raises Risk of Diabetes and Obesity..............II-32 Are Fruit Juices More Harmful Than Soda and Whole Milk? II-32 Orange Juice Production Losing Share to Smaller Citrus Fruits II-33 Table 18: Production of Fresh Oranges in Select Countries (2011/12-2015/16) (In '000 Metric Tons) (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............II-34 Table 19: Production of Oranges Juice in Select Countries (2014/15-2015/16) (In '000 Metric Tons) (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............II-35 Table 20: Production of Fresh Tangerines/ Mandarins in Select Countries (2014/15-2015/16) (In '000 Metric Tons) (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............II-35 Table 21: Production of Fresh Grapefruit in Select Countries (2014/15-2015/16) (In '000 Metric Tons) (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............II-36 Orange Juice Prices on a Roller Coaster Ride II-36 Orange Juice Lose Share Owing to Higher Health Benefits of Consuming Raw Oranges..............II-36 Growing Demand for Unconventional Juices by Consumers II-37 New Fruit and Vegetable Juices for Addressing Needs of Adult Customers.............. II-37 Concerns over Sugar Content in Kids Juices Drive Manufacturers to Innovate.............. II-38 Table 22: Calorie Content in Select Beverages II-38 3. PRODUCT OVERVIEW.............. II-39 Fruit & Vegetable Juices - An Introduction II-39 Types of Fruit and Vegetable Juices II-39 Fruit Juices.............. II-40 Segmentation on the Basis of Concentration II-40 100% Juice.............. II-40 25-99% Juice.............. II-40 <25% Juice.............. II-41 Segmentation on the Basis of Product Format II-41 Frozen Concentrates..............II-41 Chilled Ready-to-Serve Juices..............II-41 Shelf Stable Juices..............II-41 Segmentation on the Basis of Type of Fruit II-42 Orange Juice: Most Popular Choice II-42 Apple Juice.............. II-42 Grape Juice.............. II-42 Lemon Juice.............. II-43 Segmentation on the Basis of Packaging II-43 Other Types of Segmentation..............II-43 Premium Vs Economy..............II-43 Age of the Target Market..............II-43 Ethnic Segmentation..............II-43 Standard Vs Novelty Flavors..............II-44 Breakfast Vs All-day, All Occasion Drinks II-44 Type of Storage.............. II-44 Calorie Content.............. II-44 Natural Vs Artificial..............II-44 Nutritional Role of Fruit Juice in the Diets of Children II-44 Table 23: Contribution of Fruit Juices to Nutrients Intake (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-45 Substitutes/Alternatives..............II-45 Nectars.............. II-45 Pulp/Puree/Concentrates..............II-46 Banana Puree.............. II-46 Vegetable Juice.............. II-46> 4. PRODUCT INTRODUCTIONS/INNOVATIONS II-47 Cracker Drinks Rolls Out Adult Juice Drink II-47 Coca-Cola India Unveils New Fruit Juice II-47 Cracker Drinks Unveils Skinny..............II-47 Fusia Foods Unveils Ruby Red..............II-47 Juicy Juice Rolls Out Juicy Juice Teasers II-47 Ocean Spray Launches PACt® Fruit Infusions Juice Drink II-47 Ethical Water Brand One Rolls Out New Juiced Water Range II-47 J&J Snack Foods Unveils New Whole Fruit Juice Tubes II-48 Tropicana Rolls Outs Tropicana Frutz II-48 Coca-Cola Unveils Simply Orange Low Acid II-48 Minute Maid Launches Minute Maid Sparkling II-48 Zola Introduces Flavored Coconut Water and Mango Juice II-48 Harvest Soul Releases Pro Biotic Line II-48 PepsiCo Unveils Naked Pressed Brand II-48 Coca-Cola Showcases Fanta Green Mango II-48 Naturelly Releases Naturelly Jelly Juice II-49 RIPE Unveils Craft Juices..............II-49 Ocean Sprays Unveils Ocean Spray® in South Africa II-49 Newton's Rolls Out Appl Fizzics..............II-49 Simplee Aloe Launches New Apple with Mango Flavor II-49 Radnor Hills Introduces Fruella..............II-49 Welch's Launches Niagara Grape Juice II-49 V8 Launches Four New Blends..............II-49 Love Beets' Unveils Organic Beet Juice II-50 Natalie's Releases Orange Beet Juice II-50 Project Juice Rolls Out Camu Superstar II-50 Tropicana Launches Mosambi Delight II-50 Nestle Rolls Out Orchard..............II-50 Ocean Spray Unveils Ruby Cranberry II-50 PepsiCo Introduces Tropicana Douceur II-50 Coca-Cola Rolls Out 5Alive Pulpy in Nigeria II-50 Coca-Cola Introduces Del Valle Nectar in Brazil II-50 Coca-Cola Launches 12 Products Globally II-51 Ocean Spray Launches Craisins® Dried Cranberries in MENA Region II-51 Coca-Cola Unveils Minute Maid Nurisha II-51 Old Orchard Releases Two New Lemonades II-51 Ebba Unveils Fruit Nectar with Real Fruit Pieces II-51 Old Orchard Unveils New Tropical Flavoured Juices II-51 Old Orchard Unveils Cranberry Cherry II-51 Tropicana Rolls Out Tropicana Farmstand Tropical Green II-51 Fresh Matters Expands 'Tude Juice Portfolio with Four New Additions.............. II-52 Cheribundi Unveils Cheribundi Black Cherry Juice II-52 Evolution Fresh Unveils Three New Green Juices II-52 Fresh Matters Relaunches Honeycrisp Apple Juice II-52 Jamba Juice Launches Three New Smoothie Products II-52 Jamba Juice Introduces Jamba Cold Pressed Juices II-52 Minute Maid Rolls Out Tropical Blend and Berry Blend II-52 Zico Introduces Zico Chilled Juice Blends II-52 Simplee Aloe Rolls Out New Aloe Vera Drink II-53 Freshbev Rolls Out New Flavors II-53 Golden Circle Unveils New Product Range II-53 Old Orchard Rolls Out New Fruit Juice Cocktail Range II-53 Mott's Introduces Three New Flavors II-53 Natalie Introduces Three New Flavors II-53 Del Monte Enters Myanmar..............II-53 Tropicana Introduces Fruit Powders in India II-53 Tropicana Introduces Coconut Fruit Blends in India II-54 Coca-Cola Introduces Minute Maid Guava in India II-54 5. RECENT INDUSTRY ACTIVITY..............II-55 Seneca Foods Acquires Diana Fruit Company II-55 Frobishers Acquires Five Valleys II-55 Eckes-Granini Acquires Rynkeby II-55 Karp Reilly Completes Acquisition of Zola II-55 Brynwood Partners Acquires Sunny Delight II-55 VitHit Increases Footprint in UK II-55 Simplee Aloe Boosts UK Presence..............II-55 Twiss Drinks Collaborates with Amarjothi Group II-55 Welch's Collaborates with Manischewitz II-56 Tabletree to Construct New Plant II-56 Seneca Acquires Gary & Company II-56 Britvic Completes Acquisition of "ebba" II-56 Hain Celestial Acquires Orchard House II-56 Brynwood Partners Completes Acquisition of American Beverage II-56 Jamba Juice Partners with ClassPass to Launch Three New Flavors II-56 Suja Juice Inks Deal With Coca-Cola II-56 Harvest Soul to Expand its Footprint in the West Coast II-57 Del Monte Collaborates with Walt Disney II-57 AriZona Beverages Inks Pact with Welch's II-57 Harvest Hill Acquires Juicy Juice II-57 Del Monte Pacific Acquires Consumer Food Business of Del Monte Corp............... II-57 Seneca Acquires Independent Foods II-57 Coca-Cola to Foray Into Vietnam..............II-57 6. FOCUS ON SELECT GLOBAL PLAYERS..............II-58 Ajeper SA (Peru).............. II-58 Birdseye Dairy, Inc. (US)..............II-58 Campbell Soup Company (US)..............II-58 Del Monte Foods, Inc. (US)..............II-58 Dr Pepper Snapple Group, Inc. (US) II-59 Mott's LLP (US).............. II-59 Doehler Group (Germany)..............II-59 Florida's Natural Growers (US) II-60 Golden Circle (Australia)..............II-60 Harvest Hill Beverage Company (US) II-60 Hangzhou Wahaha Group Co., Ltd. (China) II-60 Ito En, Ltd. (Japan)..............II-61 Kanegrade Limited (UK)..............II-61 Loblaw Companies Limited (Canada) II-61 Old Orchard Brands, LLC (US)..............II-61 Ocean Spray Cranberries, Inc. (US) II-62 PepsiCo, Inc. (US)..............II-62 Naked Juice Company (US)..............II-62 Tropicana Products, Inc. (US) II-63 Schweppes Australia Pty Ltd (Australia) II-63 Skypeople Fruit Juice, Inc. (China) II-63 Tampico Beverages, Inc. (US)..............II-63 The Coca-Cola Company (US)..............II-64 The Minute Maid Company (US)..............II-64 Odwalla, Inc. (US).............. II-64 Welch Foods, Inc. (US)..............II-64 7. GLOBAL MARKET PERSPECTIVE..............II-65 Table 24: World Recent Past, Current and Future Analysis for Fruit & Vegetable Juices by Geographic Region - US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific (excluding Japan), Middle East & Africa and Latin American Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Million Liters for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-65 Table 25: World Historic Review of Fruit & Vegetable Juices by Geographic Region - US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific (excluding Japan), Middle East & Africa and Latin American Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Million Liters for Years 2009 through 2014 includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............II-66 Table 26: World 14-Year Perspective for Fruit & Vegetable Juices by Geographic Region - Percentage Breakdown of Volume Consumption for US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific (excluding Japan), Middle East & Africa and Latin American Markets for Years 2009, 2016 & 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart).............. II-67 Fruit & Vegetable Juices Market by Type II-68 Table 27: World Recent Past, Current and Future Analysis for Fruit Juices by Geographic Region - US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific (excluding Japan), Middle East & Africa and Latin American Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Million Liters for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-68 Table 28: World Historic Review of Fruit Juices by Geographic Region - US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific (excluding Japan), Middle East & Africa and Latin American Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Million Liters for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............II-69 Table 29: World 14-Year Perspective for Fruit Juices (Frozen Concentrates) by Geographic Region - Percentage Breakdown of Volume Consumption for US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific (excluding Japan), Middle East and Latin American Markets for Years 2009, 2016 & 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-70 Table 30: World Recent Past, Current and Future Analysis for 100% Juice by Geographic Region - US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific (excluding Japan), Middle East & Africa and Latin American Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Million Liters for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-71 Table 31: World Historic Review of 100% Juice by Geographic Region - US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific (excluding Japan), Middle East & Africa and Latin American Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Million Liters for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............II-72 Table 32: World 14-Year Perspective for 100% Juices by Geographic Region - Percentage Breakdown of Volume Consumption for US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific (excluding Japan), Middle East & Africa and Latin American Markets for Years 2009, 2016 & 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-73 Table 33: World Recent Past, Current and Future Analysis for 25-99% Juice by Geographic Region - US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific (excluding Japan), Middle East & Africa and Latin American Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Million Liters for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-74 Table 34: World Historic Review of 25-99% Juice by Geographic Region - US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific (excluding Japan), Middle East & Africa and Latin American Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Million Liters for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............II-75 Table 35: World 14-Year Perspective for 25-99% Juice by Geographic Region - Percentage Breakdown of Volume Consumption for US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific (excluding Japan), Middle East & Africa and Latin American Markets for Years 2009, 2016 & 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-76 Table 36: World Recent Past, Current and Future Analysis for <25% Juice by Geographic Region - US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific (excluding Japan), Middle East & Africa and Latin American Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Million Liters for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-77> Table 37: World Historic Review of <25% Juice by Geographic Region - US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific (excluding Japan), Middle East & Africa and Latin American Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Million Liters for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............II-78> Table 38: World 14-Year Perspective for <25% Juice by Geographic Region - Percentage Breakdown of Volume Consumption for US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific (excluding Japan), Middle East & Africa and Latin American Markets for Years 2009, 2016 & 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-79> Table 39: World Recent Past, Current and Future Analysis for Vegetable Juices by Geographic Region - US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific (excluding Japan), Middle East & Africa and Latin American Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Million Liters for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-80 Table 40: World Historic Review of Vegetable Juices by Geographic Region - US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific (excluding Japan), Middle East & Africa and Latin American Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Million Liters for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............II-81 Table 41: World 14-Year Perspective for Vegetable Juices by Geographic Region - Percentage Breakdown of Volume Consumption for US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific (excluding Japan), Middle East & Africa and Latin American Markets for Years 2009, 2016 & 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-82 III. MARKET 1. THE UNITED STATES.............. III-1 A.Market Analysis.............. III-1 Fruit and Vegetable Juices Market - An Overview III-1 Table 42: Shelf-Stable Juices Market in the US (2015): Percentage Breakdown of Revenues by Juice Category (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-1 Concerns over High Sugar Levels in Juices Pull Down Market Growth.............. III-2 Declining Orange Production & Premiumization Strategy Lead to Increase in Juice Prices III-2 Table 43: Production of Fresh Oranges in the US (2011/12-2015/16) (in '000 Metric Tons) (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............III-3 100% Fruit Juices - The Largest Segment But Witnessing a Steady Decline.............. III-3 Latest 2015-2020 Dietary Guidelines Recommend Consumption of 100% Juices.............. III-4 Product Innovation Focuses on Healthy Juices and Exotic Flavors III-4 Fruit Juices Fast Losing their 'Healthy' Tag III-5 Frozen Fruit and Juice Market Struggles to Maintain Growth III-6 Table 44: Refrigerated Juice and Juice Drinks Market in the US (2015): Percentage Share Breakdown of Value Sales for Apple Juice, Blended Juice, Cider, Grapefruit Juice, Juice & Juice Drink Smoothies, Lemonade Juice, Orange Juice, Vegetable Juice and Other Fruit Juices (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............III-6 Table 45: Leading Brands of Refrigerated Orange Juices in the US (2015): Percentage Share Breakdown of Value Sales by Brand (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-7 Functional Fruit Juice Beverages Gaining Momentum III-7 Table 46: Nutrients Available in Fruit Juices (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............III-7 Heart Health-Favoring Juices to Flourish III-8 Grape Juice Market - Rising Grape Production Bodes Well for Growth.............. III-8 Competitive Landscape..............III-8 Table 47: Leading Shelf Stable Bottled Fruit Drink Brands in the US (2015): Percentage Share Breakdown of Value Sales by Brand (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-9 Table 48: Leading Bottled Fruit Juice Brands in the US (2015): Percentage Breakdown of Value Sales by Brand (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-9 Table 49: Leading Brands in the US Juice and Juice Drink Smoothie Market (2015): Percentage Share Breakdown of Sales for Bolthouse Farms, Bolthouse Farms C Boost, Naked Juice Protein Zone, Naked Juice, Naked Juice Superfood, Odwalla, Odwalla C Monster, Suja Essentials and Others (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............III-10 Table 50: Leading Vegetable Juice/Cocktail Makers in the US (2015): Percentage Breakdown of Value Sales by Company (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-11 Table 51: US Juice Market by Distribution Channel (2015): Percentage Breakdown of Sales for Convenience Stores, Supermarkets/Grocery Stores, Vending Machines, Others and Exports (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-11 Export-Import Statistics..............III-12 Table 52: US Exports of Fruit and Vegetable Juices - Unfermented and Unspirited (2014 & 2015): Percentage Breakdown of Export Value by Destination Country (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............III-12 Table 53: US Imports of Fruit and Vegetable Juices - Unfermented and Unspirited (2014 & 2015): Percentage Breakdown of Import Value by Country of Origin (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............III-13 Table 54: US Imports of Grape Juice (incl Grape Must) - Brix Value 30 or Less, Whether or Not Sugared/Sweetened (2014 & 2015): Percentage Breakdown of Import Value by Country of Origin (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-14 Table 55: US Imports of Grape Juice (incl Grape Must) - Brix Value More than 30, Whether or Not Sugared/Sweetened (2014 & 2015): Percentage Breakdown of Import Value by Country of Origin (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-15 Table 56: US Exports of Grape Juice (incl Grape Must) - Brix Value 30 or Less, Whether or Not Sugared/Sweetened (2014 & 2015): Percentage Breakdown of Export Value by Destination Country (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-16 Table 57: US Exports of Grape Juice (incl Grape Must) - Brix Value More than 30, Whether or Not Sugared/Sweetened (2014 & 2015): Percentage Breakdown of Export Value by Destination Country (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-17 Table 58: US Imports of Apple Juice - Brix Value 20 or Less, Whether or Not Sugared/ Sweetened (2014 & 2015): Percentage Breakdown of Import Value by Country of Origin (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-18 Table 59: US Imports of Apple Juice - Brix Value More than 20, Whether or Not Sugared/Sweetened (2014 & 2015): Percentage Breakdown of Import Value by Country of Origin (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-19 Table 60: US Exports of Apple Juice - Brix Value 20 or Less, Whether or Not Sugared/ Sweetened (2014 & 2015): Percentage Breakdown of Export Value by Destination Country (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-20 Table 61: US Exports of Apple Juice - Brix Value More than 20, Whether or Not Sugared/ Sweetened (2014 & 2015): Percentage Breakdown of Export Value by Destination Country (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-21 Table 62: US Exports for Pineapple Juice - Brix Value 20 or Less, Whether or Not Sugared/ Sweetened (2014 & 2015): Percentage Breakdown of Exports Value by Destination Country (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-22 Table 63: US Imports for Pineapple Juice - Brix Value 20 or Less, Whether or Not Sugared/ Sweetened (2014 & 2015): Percentage Breakdown of Imports Value by Country of Origin (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-23 Table 64: US Exports for Pineapple Juice - Brix Value More than 20, Whether or Not Sugared/Sweetened (2014 & 2015): Percentage Breakdown of Exports Value by Destination Country (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-24 Table 65: US Imports for Pineapple Juice - Brix Value More than 20, Whether or Not Sugared/ Sweetened (2014 & 2015): Percentage Breakdown of Imports Value by Country of Origin (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-24 Table 66: US Exports for Tomato Juice, Whether or Not Sugared/Sweetened (2014 & 2015): Percentage Breakdown of Exports Value by Destination Country (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............III-25 Table 67: US Imports for Tomato Juice, Whether or Not Sugared/Sweetened (2014 & 2015): Percentage Breakdown of Imports Value by Country of Origin (includes corresponding Graph/Chart).............. III-26 Table 68: US Exports for Frozen Orange Juice Whether or Not Sugared/Sweetened (2014 & 2015): Percentage Breakdown of Exports Value by Destination Country (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............III-27 Table 69: US Imports for Frozen Orange Juice Whether or Not Sugared/Sweetened (2014 & 2015): Percentage Breakdown of Imports Value by Country of Origin (includes corresponding Graph/Chart).............. III-28 Table 70: US Exports for Unfrozen Orange Juice with Brix Value 20 or Less, Whether or Not Sugared/Sweetened (2014 & 2015): Percentage Breakdown of Exports Value by Destination Country (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-29 Table 71: US Imports for Unfrozen Orange Juice with Brix Value 20 or Less, Whether or Not Sugared/Sweetened (2014 & 2015): Percentage Breakdown of Imports Value by Country of Origin (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-29 Product Launches..............III-30 Strategic Corporate Developments III-34 Key Players.............. III-36 B.Market Analytics..............III-41 Table 72: US Recent Past, Current and Future Analysis for Fruit & Vegetable Juices by Type - Fruit Juices (100% Juice, 25-99% Juice and <25% Juice) and Vegetable Juice Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Million Liters for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............III-41> Table 73: US Historic Review of Fruit & Vegetable Juices by Type - Fruit Juices (100% Juice, 25-99% Juice and <25% Juice) and Vegetable Juice Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Million Liters for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-42> Table 74: US 14-Year Perspective for Fruit & Vegetable Juices by Product Segment - Percentage Breakdown of Volume Consumption for Fruit Juices (100% Juice, 25-99% Juice and <25% Juice) and Vegetable Juice Markets for Years 2009, 2016 & 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-43> 2. CANADA.............. III-44 A.Market Analysis.............. III-44 Current and Future Analysis..............III-44 Low-Sugar Juices and Exotic Juices Gaining Momentum amidst Declining Consumption..............III-44 Table 75: Leading Players in Canadian Juices Market (2016E): Percentage Breakdown of Value Sales for Minute Maid Co., PepsiCo Beverages Canada, Lassonde Inc., and Others (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-45 Orange Juice Market..............III-45 Shelf-Stable Fruit Drinks..............III-45 Export-Import Statistics..............III-46 Table 76: Canadian Exports for Unfermented and Unspirited Fruit and Vegetable Juices (2014 & 2015): Percentage Breakdown of Exports Value by Destination Country (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............III-46 Table 77: Canadian Imports of Unfermented and Unspirited Fruit and Vegetable Juices (2014 & 2015): Percentage Breakdown of Imports Value by Destination Country (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............III-47 Table 78: Canadian Exports for Frozen Orange Juice Whether or Not Sugared/Sweetened (2014 & 2015): Percentage Breakdown of Exports Value by Destination Country (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............III-47 Table 79: Canadian Imports for Frozen Orange Juice Whether or Not Sugared/Sweetened (2014 & 2015): Percentage Breakdown of Imports Value by Country of Origin (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............III-48 Table 80: Canadian Exports for Unfrozen Orange Juice with Brix Value 20 or Less, Whether or Not Sugared/Sweetened (2014 & 2015): Percentage Breakdown of Exports Value by Destination Country (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-49 Table 81: Canadian Imports for Unfrozen Orange Juice with Brix Value 20 or Less, Whether or Not Sugared/Sweetened (2014 & 2015): Percentage Breakdown of Imports Value by Country of Origin (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-50 Table 82: Canadian Exports for Grapefruit Juice - Brix Value 20 or Less, Whether or Not Sugared/Sweetened (2014 & 2015): Percentage Breakdown of Exports Value by Destination Country (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-50 Table 83: Canadian Imports for Grapefruit Juice - Brix Value 20 or Less, Whether or Not Sugared/Sweetened (2014 & 2015): Percentage Breakdown of Imports Value by Country of Origin (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-51 Table 84: Canadian Exports for Grapefruit Juice - Brix Value More than 20, Whether or Not Sugared/Sweetened (2014 & 2015): Percentage Breakdown of Exports Value by Destination Country (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-51 Table 85: Canadian Imports for Grapefruit Juice - Brix Value More than 20, Whether or Not Sugared/Sweetened (2014 & 2015): Percentage Breakdown of Imports Value by Country of Origin (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-52 Table 86: Canadian Exports for Pineapple Juice - Brix Value 20 or Less, Whether or Not Sugared/Sweetened (2014 & 2015): Percentage Breakdown of Exports Value by Destination Country (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-52 Table 87: Canadian Imports for Pineapple Juice - Brix Value 20 or Less, Whether or Not Sugared/Sweetened (2014 & 2015): Percentage Breakdown of Imports Value by Country of Origin (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-53 Table 88: Canadian Exports for Pineapple Juice - Brix Value More than 20, Whether or Not Sugared/Sweetened (2014 & 2015): Percentage Breakdown of Exports Value by Destination Country (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-54 Table 89: Canadian Imports for Pineapple Juice - Brix Value More than 20, Whether or Not Sugared/Sweetened (2014 & 2015): Percentage Breakdown of Imports Value by Country of Origin (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-55 Table 90: Canadian Exports for Tomato Juice, Whether or Not Sugared/Sweetened (2014 & 2015): Percentage Breakdown of Exports Value by Destination Country (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............III-56 Table 91: Canadian Imports for Tomato Juice, Whether or Not Sugared/Sweetened (2014 & 2015): Percentage Breakdown of Imports Value by Country of Origin (includes corresponding Graph/Chart).............. III-57 Table 92: Canadian Exports for Apple Juice - Brix Value 20 or Less, Whether or Not Sugared/ Sweetened (2014 & 2015): Percentage Breakdown of Exports Value by Destination Country (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-57 Table 93: Canadian Imports for Apple Juice - Brix Value 20 or Less, Whether or Not Sugared/Sweetened (2014 & 2015): Percentage Breakdown of Imports Value by Country of Origin (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-58 Strategic Corporate Development III-58 Key Players.............. III-58 B.Market Analytics..............III-60 Table 94: Canadian Recent Past, Current and Future Analysis for Fruit & Vegetable Juices by Type - Fruit Juices (100% Juice, 25-99% Juice and <25% Juice) and Vegetable Juice Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Million Liters for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-60> Table 95: Canadian Historic Review of Fruit & Vegetable Juices by Type - Fruit Juices (100% Juice, 25-99% Juice and <25% Juice) and Vegetable Juice Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Million Liters for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart).............. III-61> Table 96: Canadian 14-Year Perspective for Fruit & Vegetable Juices by Product Segment - Percentage Breakdown of Volume Consumption for Fruit Juices (100% Juice, 25-99% Juice and <25% Juice) and Vegetable Juice Markets for Years 2009, 2016 & 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-62> 3. JAPAN.............. III-63 A.Market Analysis.............. III-63 Market Overview.............. III-63 Key Player.............. III-63 B.Market Analytics..............III-64 Table 97: Japanese Recent Past, Current and Future Analysis for Fruit & Vegetable Juices by Type - Fruit Juices (100% Juice, 25-99% Juice and <25% Juice) and Vegetable Juice Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Million Liters for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-64> Table 98: Japanese Historic Review of Fruit & Vegetable Juices by Product Segment - Fruit Juices (100% Juice, 25-99% Juice and <25% Juice) and Vegetable Juice Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Million Liters for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............III-65> Table 99: Japanese 14-Year Perspective for Fruit & Vegetable Juices by Product Segment - Percentage Breakdown of Volume Consumption for Fruit Juices (100% Juice, 25-99% Juice and <25% Juice) and Vegetable Juice Markets for Years 2009, 2016 & 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-66> 4. EUROPE.............. III-67 A.Market Analysis.............. III-67 Market Overview.............. III-67 Table 100: European Apple Juice Market (2011-2014): Breakdown of Apple Juice Production in Billion Liters (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-68 Table 101: Apple Juice Production in Select EU Countries (2014) (In Million Liters) (includes corresponding Graph/Chart).............. III-68 Vegetable Juices Emerge as Attractive Option for Consumers III-68 Carton - Preferred Packaging for Fruit Juice and Nectar Packaging in Europe..............III-69 Table 102: European Fruit Juice and Fruit Nectar Packaging (2015): Percentage Share Breakdown of Packaging by Type (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-69 EXIM Statistics.............. III-70 Table 103: EU-28 Imports of Unfermented Fruit Juices (2014 & 2015): Percentage Breakdown of Imports Value by Country of Origin (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-70 Table 104: EU-28 Exports of Unfermented Fruit Juices (2014 & 2015): Percentage Breakdown of Imports Value by Destination Country (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-71 Table 105: EU-28 Exports for Frozen Orange Juice (2014 & 2015): Percentage Breakdown of Exports Value by Destination Country (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-72 Table 106: EU-28 Imports for Frozen Orange Juice (2014 & 2015): Percentage Breakdown of Imports Value by Country of Origin (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-73 Table 107: EU-28 Exports for Unfrozen Orange Juice (2014 & 2015): Percentage Breakdown of Exports Value by Destination Country (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-74 Table 108: EU-28 Imports for Unfrozen Orange Juice (2014 & 2015): Percentage Breakdown of Imports Value by Country of Origin (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-75 Table 109: EU-28 Exports for Sweetened/ Unsweetened Grapefruit Juice with 20 or Less Brix Value (2014 & 2015): Percentage Breakdown of Exports Value by Destination Country (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-76 Table 110: EU-28 Imports for Sweetened/ Unsweetened Grapefruit Juice with 20 or Less Brix Value (2014 & 2015): Percentage Breakdown of Imports Value by Country of Origin (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-77 Table 111: EU-28 Exports for Sweetened/ Unsweetened Grapefruit Juice with Brix Value >20 (2014 & 2015): Percentage Breakdown of Exports Value by Destination Country (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-78 Table 112: EU-28 Imports for Sweetened/ Unsweetened Grapefruit Juice with Brix Value >20 (2014 & 2015): Percentage Breakdown of Imports Value by Country of Origin (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-79 Pineapple Juice - Brix Value 20 or Less, Whether or Not Sugared/Sweetened..............III-80 Table 113: EU-28 Exports for Sweetened/ Unsweetened Pineapple Juice with Brix Value 20 or Less (2014 & 2015): Percentage Breakdown of Exports Value by Destination Country (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-80 Table 114: EU-28 Imports for Sweetened/ Unsweetened Pineapple Juice with Brix Value 20 or Less (2014 & 2015): Percentage Breakdown of Imports Value by Country of Origin (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-81 Table 115: EU-28 Exports for Sweetened/ Unsweetened Pineapple Juice with Brix Value >20 (2014 & 2015): Percentage Breakdown of Exports Value by Destination Country (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-82 Table 116: EU-28 Imports for Sweetened/ Unsweetened Pineapple Juice with Brix Value >20 (2014 & 2015): Percentage Breakdown of Imports Value by Country of Origin (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-83 Table 117: EU-28 Exports for Tomato Juice, Whether or Not Sugared/Sweetened (2014 & 2015): Percentage Breakdown of Exports Value by Destination Country (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............III-84 Table 118: EU-28 Imports for Tomato Juice, Whether or Not Sugared/Sweetened (2014 & 2015): Percentage Breakdown of Imports Value by Country of Origin (includes corresponding Graph/Chart).............. III-85 Table 119: EU-28 Exports for Apple Juice (2014 & 2015): Percentage Breakdown of Exports Value by Destination Country (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-86 Table 120: EU-28 Imports for Apple Juice (2014 & 2015): Percentage Breakdown of Imports Value by Country of Origin (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-87 B.Market Analytics..............III-88 Table 121: European Recent Past, Current and Future Analysis for Fruit & Vegetable Juices by Geographic Region - France, Germany, Italy, UK, Spain, Poland, Russia and Rest of Europe Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Million Liters for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-88 Table 122: European Historic Review of Fruit & Vegetable Juices by Geographic Region - France, Germany, Italy, UK, Spain, Poland, Russia and Rest of Europe Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Million Liters for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............III-89 Table 123: European 14-Year Perspective for Fruit & Vegetable Juices by Geographic Region - Percentage Breakdown of Volume Consumption for France, Germany, Italy, UK, Spain, Poland, Russia and Rest of Europe Markets for Years 2009, 2016 & 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-90 Table 124: European Recent Past, Current and Future Analysis for Fruit & Vegetable Juices by Product Segment - Fruit Juices (100% Juice, 25-99% Juice and <25% Juice) and Vegetable Juice Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Million Liters for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-91> Table 125: European Historic Review of Fruit & Vegetable Juices by Type - Fruit Juices (100% Juice, 25-99% Juice and <25% Juice) and Vegetable Juice Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Million Liters for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart).............. III-92> Table 126: European 14-Year Perspective for Fruit & Vegetable Juices by Product Segment - Percentage Breakdown of Volume Consumption for Fruit Juices (100% Juice, 25-99% Juice and <25% Juice) and Vegetable Juice Markets for Years 2009, 2016 & 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-93> 4a. FRANCE.............. III-94 A.Market Analysis.............. III-94 Maturing Market Limits Growth..............III-94 Table 127: French Market for Fruit Juice & Nectars (2015): Percentage Breakdown of Volume Sales by Flavor - Apple, Flavor Mixes, Grape, Orange, Pineapple and Others (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............III-94 Table 128: French Market for Fruit Juice & Nectars (2015): Percentage Breakdown of Volume Sales by Packaging Type - Carton, Glass, Plastic and Others (includes corresponding Graph/Chart).............. III-95 Product Launch.............. III-95 B.Market Analytics..............III-96 Table 129: French Recent Past, Current and Future Analysis for Fruit & Vegetable Juices by Type - Fruit Juices (100% Juice, 25-99% Juice and <25% Juice) and Vegetable Juice Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Million Liters for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-96> Table 130: French Historic Review of Fruit & Vegetable Juices by Type - Fruit Juices (100% Juice, 25-99% Juice and <25% Juice) and Vegetable Juice Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Million Liters for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart).............. III-97> Table 131: French 14-Year Perspective for Fruit & Vegetable Juices by Product Segment - Percentage Breakdown of Volume Consumption for Fruit Juices (100% Juice, 25-99% Juice and <25% Juice) and Vegetable Juice Markets for Years 2009, 2016 & 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-98> 4b. GERMANY.............. III-99 A.Market Analysis.............. III-99 Market Overview.............. III-99 Table 132: German Market for Fruit Juice & Nectars (2015): Percentage Breakdown of Volume Sales by Flavor - Apple, Flavor Mixes, Grape, Orange, Vegetable and Others (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............III-99 Table 133: Per Capita Consumption (in Liters) of Select Fruit Juice & Fruit Nectars in Germany (2015) (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............III-100 Table 134: German Market for Fruit Juice & Nectars (2015): Percentage Breakdown of Volume Sales by Packaging Type - Carton, Glass, Plastic and Others (includes corresponding Graph/Chart).............. III-100 Strategic Corporate Development III-101 Key Players.............. III-101 B.Market Analytics..............III-102 Table 135: German Recent Past, Current and Future Analysis for Fruit & Vegetable Juices by Type - Fruit Juices (100% Juice, 25-99% Juice and <25% Juice) and Vegetable Juice Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Million Liters for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-102> Table 136: German Historic Review of Fruit & Vegetable Juices by Type - Fruit Juices (100% Juice, 25-99% Juice and <25% Juice) and Vegetable Juice Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Million Liters for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart).............. III-103> Table 137: German 14-Year Perspective for Fruit & Vegetable Juices by Product Segment - Percentage Breakdown of Volume Consumption for Fruit Juices (100% Juice, 25-99% Juice and <25% Juice) and Vegetable Juice Markets for Years 2009, 2016 & 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-104> 4c. ITALY.............. III-105 A.Market Analysis.............. III-105 Market Overview.............. III-105 Table 138: Italian Market for Fruit Juice & Nectars (2015): Percentage Breakdown of Volume Sales by Flavor - Apricot, Flavor Mixes, Orange, Peach, Pear and Others (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............III-105 Table 139: Italian Market for Fruit Juice & Nectars (2015): Percentage Breakdown of Volume Sales by Packaging Type - Carton, Glass, Plastic and Others (includes corresponding Graph/Chart).............. III-105 Table 140: Leading Players in the Italian Juice Market (2015): Percentage Breakdown of Off-Trade Value Sales for Conserve Italia, Zuegg SpA and Others (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............III-106 B.Market Analytics..............III-106 Table 141: Italian Recent Past, Current and Future Analysis for Fruit & Vegetable Juices by Type - Fruit Juices (100% Juice, 25-99% Juice and <25% Juice) and Vegetable Juice Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Million Liters for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-106> Table 142: Italian Historic Review of Fruit & Vegetable Juices by Type - Fruit Juices (100% Juice, 25-99% Juice and <25% Juice) and Vegetable Juice Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Million Liters for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart).............. III-107> Table 143: Italian 14-Year Perspective for Fruit & Vegetable Juices by Product Segment - Percentage Breakdown of Volume Consumption for Fruit Juices (100% Juice, 25-99% Juice and <25% Juice) and Vegetable Juice Markets for Years 2009, 2016 & 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-108> 4d. THE UNITED KINGDOM..............III-109 A.Market Analysis.............. III-109 Market Overview.............. III-109 Snapshots.............. III-109 Juice Production to Experience Moderate Gains III-109 Adverse Effect of Government's Health Campaign on Fruit and Juices Market.............. III-109 Orange Flavor Leads the Market III-110 Table 144: Fruit Juice and Nectars Market in the UK (2015): Percentage Breakdown of Volume Sales by Packaging Type - Carton, Glass, Plastic and Others (includes corresponding Graph/Chart).............. III-110 Table 145: Fruit Juice and Nectars Market in the UK (2015): Percentage Breakdown of Volume Sales by Flavor - Apple, Berries, Flavor Mixes, Orange, Pineapple and Others (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-111 Juice and Smoothie Bars Industry Enjoys Healthy Growth III-111 Competitive Landscape..............III-111 Table 146: Leading Players in the UK Juice Market (2015): Percentage Breakdown of Off-trade Value Sales for Tesco, Tropicana UK and Others (includes corresponding Graph/Chart).............. III-112 Newcomers Make Strong Gains in Fruit and Juices Market III-112 Product Launches..............III-113 Strategic Corporate Developments III-114 Key Player.............. III-115 B.Market Analytics..............III-116 Table 147: UK Recent Past, Current and Future Analysis for Fruit & Vegetable Juices by Type - Fruit Juices (100% Juice, 25-99% Juice and <25% Juice) and Vegetable Juice Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Million Liters for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............III-116> Table 148: UK Historic Review of Fruit & Vegetable Juices by Type - Fruit Juices (100% Juice, 25-99% Juice and <25% Juice) and Vegetable Juice Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Million Liters for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-117> Table 149: The UK 14-Year Perspective for Fruit & Vegetable Juices by Product Segment - Percentage Breakdown of Volume Consumption for Fruit Juices (100% Juice, 25-99% Juice and <25% Juice) and Vegetable Juice Markets for Years 2009, 2016 & 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-118> 4e. SPAIN.............. III-119 A.Market Analysis.............. III-119 Market Overview.............. III-119 Table 150: Spanish Fruit Juice & Nectars Market (2015): Percentage Breakdown of Volume Sales by Packaging Type - Carton, Glass and Plastic (includes corresponding Graph/Chart).............. III-119 Table 151: Spanish Fruit Juice & Nectars Market (2015): Percentage Breakdown of Volume Sales by Flavor - Apple, Flavor Mixes, Orange, Peach, Pineapple and Others (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............III-119 B.Market Analytics..............III-120 Table 152: Spanish Recent Past, Current and Future Analysis for Fruit & Vegetable Juices by Type - Fruit Juices (100% Juice, 25-99% Juice and <25% Juice) and Vegetable Juice Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Million Liters for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-120> Table 153: Spanish Historic Review of Fruit & Vegetable Juices by Type - Fruit Juices (100% Juice, 25-99% Juice and <25% Juice) and Vegetable Juice Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Million Liters for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart).............. III-121> Table 154: Spanish 14-Year Perspective for Fruit & Vegetable Juices by Product Segment - Percentage Breakdown of Volume Consumption for Fruit Juices (100% Juice, 25-99% Juice and <25% Juice) and Vegetable Juice Markets for Years 2009, 2016 & 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-122> 4f. POLAND.............. III-123 A.Market Analysis.............. III-123 Fruit & Vegetable Juices Market Experiences Rapid Growth III-123 Table 155: Polish Fruit Juice & Nectars Market (2015): Percentage Breakdown of Volume Sales by Flavor - Apple, Flavor Mixes, Grapefruit, Orange, Vegetable and Others (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-123 Table 156: Polish Fruit Juice & Nectars Market (2015): Percentage Breakdown of Volume Sales by Packaging Type - Carton, Glass, Plastic and Others (includes corresponding Graph/Chart).............. III-124 B.Market Analytics..............III-124 Table 157: Polish Recent Past, Current and Future Analysis for Fruit & Vegetable Juices by Type - Fruit Juices (100% Juice, 25-99% Juice and <25% Juice) and Vegetable Juice Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Million Liters for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-124> Table 158: Polish Historic Review of Fruit & Vegetable Juices by Type - Fruit Juices (100% Juice, 25-99% Juice and <25% Juice) and Vegetable Juice Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Million Liters for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart).............. III-125> Table 159: Polish 14-Year Perspective for Fruit & Vegetable Juices by Product Segment - Percentage Breakdown of Volume Consumption for Fruit Juices (100% Juice, 25-99% Juice and <25% Juice) and Vegetable Juice Markets for Years 2009, 2016 & 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-126> 4g. RUSSIA.............. III-127 A.Market Analysis.............. III-127 Market Overview.............. III-127 Table 160: Leading Players in the Russian Juice Market (2015): Percentage Breakdown of Off-trade Value Sales for Lebedyansky OAO, Multon ZAO, Wimm-Bill-Dann Producty Pitaniya and Others (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-127 B.Market Analytics..............III-128 Table 161: Russian Recent Past, Current and Future Analysis for Fruit & Vegetable Juices by Type - Fruit Juices (100% Juice, 25-99% Juice and <25% Juice) and Vegetable Juice Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Million Liters for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-128> Table 162: Russian Historic Review of Fruit & Vegetable Juices by Type - Fruit Juices (100% Juice, 25-99% Juice and <25% Juice) and Vegetable Juice Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Million Liters for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart).............. III-129> Table 163: Russian 14-Year Perspective for Fruit & Vegetable Juices by Product Segment - Percentage Breakdown of Volume Consumption for Fruit Juices (100% Juice, 25-99% Juice and <25% Juice) and Vegetable Juice Markets for Years 2009, 2016 & 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-130> 4h. REST OF EUROPE.............. III-131 A.Market Analysis.............. III-131 Current and Future Analysis..............III-131 Overview of Select Regional Markets III-131 Belgium.............. III-131 Finland.............. III-131 Greece.............. III-132 Table 164: Leading Plyers in the Greek Juice Market (2015): Percentage Breakdown of Volume Consumption for Coca Cola Hellenic Bottling Co SA, PepsiCo IVI and Others (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-132 Hungary.............. III-132 Ireland.............. III-133 Turkey.............. III-133 Focus on Select Players..............III-133 B.Market Analytics..............III-135 Table 165: Rest of European Recent Past, Current and Future Analysis for Fruit & Vegetable Juices by Type - Fruit Juices (100% Juice, 25-99% Juice and <25% Juice) and Vegetable Juice Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Million Liters for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-135> Table 166: Rest of European Historic Review of Fruit & Vegetable Juices by Type - Fruit Juices (100% Juice, 25-99% Juice and <25% Juice) and Vegetable Juice Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Million Liters for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............III-136> Table 167: Rest of European 14-Year Perspective for Fruit & Vegetable Juices by Product Segment - Percentage Breakdown of Volume Consumption for Fruit Juices (100% Juice, 25-99% Juice and <25% Juice) and Vegetable Juice Markets for Years 2009, 2016 & 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-137> 5. ASIA-PACIFIC.............. III-138 Market Analysis.............. III-138 Table 168: Asia-Pacific Recent Past, Current and Future Analysis for Vegetable Juices by Geographic Region - China, India, and Rest of Asia-Pacific Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Million Liters for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart).............. III-139 Table 169: Asia-Pacific Historic Review of Fruit & Vegetable Juices by Geographic Region - China, India and Rest of Asia-Pacific Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Million Liters for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-140 Table 170: Asia-Pacific 14-Year Perspective for Fruit & Vegetable Juices by Geographic Region - Percentage Breakdown of Volume Consumption for China, India and Rest of Asia-Pacific Markets for Years 2009, 2016 & 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............III-141 Table 171: Asia-Pacific Recent Past, Current and Future Analysis for Fruit & Vegetable Juices by Product Segment- Fruit Juices (100% Juice, 25-99% Juice and <25% Juice) and Vegetable Juice Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Million Liters for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-142> Table 172: Asia-Pacific Historic Review of Fruit & Vegetable Juices by Type - Fruit Juices (100% Juice, 25-99% Juice and <25% Juice) and Vegetable Juice Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Million Liters for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart).............. III-143> Table 173: Asia-Pacific 14-Year Perspective for Fruit & Vegetable Juices by Product Segment - Percentage Breakdown of Volume Consumption for Fruit Juices (100% Juice, 25-99% Juice and <25% Juice) and Vegetable Juice Markets for Years 2009, 2016 & 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-144> 5a. CHINA.............. III-145 A.Market Analysis.............. III-145 Current and Future Analysis..............III-145 Juice Production Continues to Witness Robust Growth III-145 China's Leadership in Apple Juice Production Marketplace III-145 Juice Drinks Losing Share to Healthier Beverages III-146 Consumer Trends Shorten Product Life Cycles, Innovative Key to Sustaining Share..............III-146 Key Players.............. III-146 B.Market Analytics..............III-147 Table 174: Chinese Recent Past, Current and Future Analysis for Fruit & Vegetable Juices by Product Segment - Fruit Juices (100% Juice, 25-99% Juice and <25% Juice) and Vegetable Juice Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Million Liters for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-147> Table 175: Chinese Historic Review of Fruit & Vegetable Juices by Type - Fruit Juices (100% Juice, 25-99% Juice and <25% Juice) and Vegetable Juice Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Million Liters for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart).............. III-148> Table 176: Chinese 14-Year Perspective for Fruit & Vegetable Juices by Product Segment - Percentage Breakdown of Volume Consumption for Fruit Juices (100% Juice, 25-99% Juice and <25% Juice) and Vegetable Juice Markets for Years 2009, 2016 & 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-149> 5b. INDIA.............. III-150 A.Market Analysis.............. III-150 Fruit & Vegetable Juices - A Promising Market III-150 High Sugar Content in Juices - A Emerging Concern for the Juice Market.............. III-151 Lack of Profitability in Fruit Cultivation Presents Challenge for India's Juice Makers III-151 Competitive Landscape..............III-151 Table 177: Leading Players in the Indian Packaged Juice Market (2015): Percentage Breakdown of Sales for Dabur, Pepsico and Others (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-152 Leading Orange Juice Brands in India III-152 Product Launches..............III-153 Strategic Corporate Development III-154 B.Market Analytics..............III-154 Table 178: Indian Recent Past, Current and Future Analysis for Fruit & Vegetable Juices by Product Segment - Fruit Juices (100% Juice, 25-99% Juice and <25% Juice) and Vegetable Juice Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Million Liters for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-154> Table 179: Indian Historic Review of Fruit & Vegetable Juices by Type - Fruit Juices (100% Juice, 25-99% Juice and <25% Juice) and Vegetable Juice Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Million Liters for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart).............. III-155> Table 180: Indian 14-Year Perspective for Fruit & Vegetable Juices by Product Segment - Percentage Breakdown of Volume Consumption for Fruit Juices (100% Juice, 25-99% Juice and <25% Juice) and Vegetable Juice Markets for Years 2009, 2016 & 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-156> 5c. REST OF ASIA-PACIFIC..............III-157 A.Market Analysis.............. III-157 Current and Future Analysis..............III-157 Focus on Select Markets..............III-157 Australia.............. III-157 Health Concerns Continue to Affect Sales in the Juice Market III-157 Hong Kong.............. III-157 Malaysia.............. III-158 New Zealand.............. III-158 Thailand.............. III-158 Growing Health Concerns Propel Demand for Sugar-Free and Natural Fruit Juices..............III-158 Taiwan.............. III-159 Introduction of Innovative Labeling Regulations and Marketing Strategies Propel Demand for Juices III-159 Product Launches..............III-159 Strategic Corporate Developments III-160 Key Player.............. III-160 B.Market Analytics..............III-161 Table 181: Rest of Asia-Pacific Recent Past, Current and Future Analysis for Fruit & Vegetable Juices by Product Segment- Fruit Juices (100% Juice, 25-99% Juice and <25% Juice) and Vegetable Juice Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Million Liters for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-161> Table 182: Rest of Asia-Pacific Historic Review of Fruit & Vegetable Juices by Type - Fruit Juices (100% Juice, 25-99% Juice and <25% Juice) and Vegetable Juice Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Million Liters for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............III-162> Table 183: Rest of Asia-Pacific 14-Year Perspective for Fruit & Vegetable Juices by Product Segment - Percentage Breakdown of Volume Consumption for Fruit Juices (100% Juice, 25-99% Juice and <25% Juice) and Vegetable Juice Markets for Years 2009, 2016 & 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart).............. III-163> 6. MIDDLE EAST & AFRICA.............. III-164 A.Market Analysis.............. III-164 Current and Future Analysis..............III-164 Focus on Select Regional Markets III-164 Kenya.............. III-164 Juice Drinks Market Witnesses Healthy Growth III-164 South Africa.............. III-165 A Promising Juice Market..............III-165 Private Label Juice Records Strong Performance III-165 South Africa - A Major Exporter of Juice Products to Africa III-166 Table 184: Fruit Juice Exports from South Africa to Africa (2015): Percentage Share Breakdown of Export Volume for Angola, Botswana, Ghana, Lesotho, Mauritius, Mozambique, Namibia, Swaziland, Zambia, Zimbabwe and Others (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-166 Kuwait.............. III-166 Saudi Arabia.............. III-167 Product Launches..............III-167 B.Market Analytics..............III-168 Table 185: Middle East & African Recent Past, Current and Future Analysis for Fruit & Vegetable Juices by Type - Fruit Juices (100% Juice, 25-99% Juice and <25% Juice) and Vegetable Juice Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Million Liters for Years 2015 throug> Download the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/397828/ About Reportbuyer Reportbuyer is a leading industry intelligence solution that provides all market research reports from top publishers http://www.reportbuyer.com For more information: Sarah Smith Research Advisor at Reportbuyer.com Email: query@reportbuyer.com Tel: +44 208 816 85 48 Website: www.reportbuyer.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/global-fruit-and-vegetable-juices-industry-300378694.html SOURCE ReportBuyer Related Links http://www.reportbuyer.com Dec 14, 2016, 19:05 ET Preview: Millimeter Wave Technology Market by Product, Frequency Band, Component, Application, and Geography - Global Forecast to 2022 Dec 14, 2016, 19:01 ET Preview: Global Smart Meters Market Size, Share, Development, Growth and Demand Forecast to 2020- Industry Insights by Types, and by End Users My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Jan 05, 2017, 21:09 ETDigital Transformation Market by Solution (Cloud Computing, Big... Jan 05, 2017, 21:05 ETGlobal Spine Biologics Market Forecast 2016-2026 Explore More news releases in similar topics Beverages Non-Alcoholic Beverages Publishing & Information Services Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Global Fruit and Vegetable Juices Industry News provided by ReportBuyer Dec 14, 2016, 19:05 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
BACK TO Best Right Now How Tos Award Winners How We Test Menu Smartphones | Our Categories Home & Outdoors Dishwashers Refrigerators Laundry Ovens Freezers Microwaves Vacuums Robot Vacuums Smart Home Luxury Appliances Tech Televisions Cameras Lenses Headphones Smartphones Laptops Camcorders Tablets Wearables Cars Reviews Brands & Categories Reviews By Brand Nextbit Reviews By Category T-Mobile AT&T Sprint Verizon Reviews By Price $0 to $200 $200 to $400 $400 to $600 $600 to $800 $800 to $1000 $1000 or more News Video Reviewed.com Best Right Now How Tos Award Winners How We Test Smartphones Reviews News Video Our Categories Televisions Cameras Lenses Headphones Smartphones Laptops Camcorders Tablets Wearables Dishwashers Refrigerators Laundry Ovens Freezers Microwaves Vacuums Robot Vacuums Smart Home Luxury Appliances Cars 2016 Best of Year Smartphone Awards From Android to Apple, here are the very best smartphones we tested in 2016. 0 comments Share: SMS Credit: Reviewed.com / Michael Desjardin Advertisement Reviewed.com Staff November 14, 2016 These days, you use your smartphone for just about everything. And if you're going to rely on it for a couple years, you want to make sure you get a good one. We put every smartphone we review through a battery of lab tests, including the most in-depth camera testing in the business. Whether you care about image quality, battery life, performance, or style, we've got you covered. Here are the best smartphones that we've tested in the past year, from flagships to budget buys. Best Smartphone (iOS): Apple iPhone 7 Plus Where to Buy Amazon $629.99 Buy Setting aside our headphone jack hot takes, Apple's iPhone 7 Plus isn't just the best iOS smartphone we tested all year, it's also one of the best smartphones we've ever tested, period. Its dual cameras deliver some of the best photos we've ever seen from a smartphone camera, the battery lasts longer than any iPhone we've tested to date, and Apple's A10 chipset provides a ridiculous amount of horsepower. You'll need a dongle to use traditional 3.5mm headphones, but this phone is good enough that it's worth the hassle. Read our review. Best Smartphone (Android): Google Pixel Where to Buy Amazon $630.00 Buy The Google Pixel is the best Android phone of the year, and although Google isn’t a shoo-in for 2016 MVP, it most certainly wins Rookie of the Year. The Pixel’s robust hardware (combined with Google’s tailor-made software) makes for one of the most seamless smartphone experiences to date. Equally as impressive is the camera, which would be the best we’ve ever seen were it not the iPhone 7 Plus. It's fast, great in low light, and comes with unlimited storage with Google Photos. The Pixel is simply a breeze to use—and a joyous breeze, at that. It’s the first Android phone we think even the most dedicated iOS devotees might warm up to. Read our review. Best Smartphone Camera: Apple iPhone 7 Plus Where to Buy Amazon $629.99 Buy Every smartphone we review has a camera, but not all of them are as good as advertised. This year, the Apple iPhone 7 Plus and its dual-camera setup was by far the best smartphone camera experience of the year, both in testing and in practice. The 7 Plus will impress photographers and casual users alike with its ability to consistently capture remarkable shots, even in low-light settings. The dual cameras can also process portrait-style shots with a blurry bokeh effect—a feature sure to elevate your Instagram game. All told, the iPhone 7 Plus's camera is sure to please everyone, and we've got the science to prove it. Read our review. Best Smartphone for the Money: Motorola Moto G4 Play Where to Buy Amazon $149.00 Buy Best Buy $149.99 Buy It doesn't have the best camera, it's not packed with fun features, and it’s certainly not the fastest phone on the block. But what Motorola's Moto G4 Play lacks in bells and whistles it makes up for in value. At about $150 (and as low as $99 on sale) the G4 Play is one of the most affordable Android smartphones around. Its battery life is superb, its camera gets the job done, and your wallet won't feel the pinch too badly. For anyone just trying to save a buck, this is the best value around. Read our review. Our editors review and recommend products to help you buy the stuff you need. If you make a purchase by clicking one of our links, we may earn a small share of the revenue. Our picks and opinions are independent from any business incentives. Advertisement Be in the know! Get Reviewed.com news and reviews straight to your inbox. Sign Up Thanks for signing up! Share: SMS Copyright Copyright © 2017 Reviewed.com. All rights reserved. All trademarks and product names are the property of their respective owners. We make no guarantees regarding any of the advice offered on this web site or by its staff or users. User comments and postings are not the responsibility of Reviewed.com. Our editors review and recommend products to help you buy the stuff you need. If you make a purchase by clicking one of our links, we may earn a small share of the revenue. Our picks and opinions are independent from any business incentives. About Us About Us Advertising How We Test How We Score How We Award Ethics Science Blog Terms of Service Privacy Policy Ad Choices Sitemap Send Feedback Our Sites Home & Outdoors Dishwashers Refrigerators Laundry Ovens Freezers Microwaves Vacuums Robot Vacuums Smart Home Luxury Appliances Tech Televisions Cameras Lenses Headphones Smartphones Laptops Camcorders Tablets Wearables Cars Be in the know! Get Reviewed.com news and reviews straight to your inbox. Sign Up Thanks for signing up! Part of USA TODAY Tech Skip this ad Advertisement. The page you requested will display in seconds. × Be the first to know about News, Reviews & Deals Yes I want to be in the know! No, I don't need to know Thank you for signing up! Look for the latest news & reviews in your inbox soon. Close
OregonLive.com Menu Home News by Topic News by Location Sports High School Sports Entertainment/Lifestyle Eat, Drink, Cook Opinion Real Estate Obituaries Jobs Autos Classifieds Connect With Us Extras Subscribe Back to Main Menu Crime Trending Politics Watchdog Education Environment Health Business Video Photos Marijuana Diversity Traffic Interactive Maps & Charts Columnists/Voice Back to Main Menu Politics Home My Government Back to Main Menu Education Home My Schools Back to Main Menu Business News Home Real Estate News It's Only Money Oregon & the Economy Playbooks & Profits Silicon Forest Window Shop Business Public Blog Back to Main Menu Steve Duin Samantha Swindler Tom Hallman Jr. Mark Katches John Canzano Kristi Turnquist Grant Butler Jessica Greif Teresa Mahoney Dave Killen Back to Main Menu Portland Pacific Northwest Multnomah County Washington County Clackamas County Clark County Oregon U.S./World Back to Main Menu Oregon Sports John Canzano Ducks Beavers Blazers Pilots Thorns Timbers Vikings NFL NBA MLB Recruiting News Sports on TV More Sports Back to Main Menu NCAA Pac-12 Hops Track & Field Winterhawks Back to Main Menu Boys Girls Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Basketball Swimming Wrestling Back to Main Menu Basketball Swimming Dance and Drill Back to Main Menu Football Baseball Softball Volleyball Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Back to Main Menu TV Movies Music Best of Living Homes & Gardens Travel & Outdoors Arts & Performance Books Pets Vintage Oregon Events Advice Puzzles & Games Comics Back to Main Menu Cheap Eats Dining Out Portland's Best Restaurants Recipes Cooking Beer Bars Wine Back to Main Menu The Stump Editorials Letters to the Editor My Oregon OpEd Elizabeth Hovde David Sarasohn Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Twitter Facebook Instagram Pinterest Our Staff Oregonian Plus Members Buy an ad Back to Main Menu Find & Save Local Businesses Living Plus Travel Plus Back to Main Menu The Oregonian Digital Edition Manage your subscription Email newsletters Mobile apps Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search OregonLive.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to OregonLive.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Oregonian Digital Edition Manage your subscription Email newsletters Mobile apps comments Trump tells tech execs: 'We will be there for you' Print Email The Associated Press By The Associated Press The Associated Press Follow on Twitter on December 14, 2016 at 4:05 PM, updated December 14, 2016 at 5:21 PM comments President-elect Donald Trump, who faced fierce opposition from some Silicon Valley leaders during the election campaign, strove to assure the titans of tech on Wednesday that his administration is "here to help you folks do well." Trump, still savoring his election victory, convened a summit at Trump Tower for nearly a dozen tech leaders, whose industry largely supported Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton. Many in the industry are worried that Trump will stifle innovation, curb the hiring of computer-savvy immigrants and infringe on consumers' digital privacy. He immediately tried to allay those fears. "We want you to keep going with the incredible innovation. Anything we can do to help this go on, we will be there for you," Trump said. "You'll call my people, you'll call me. We have no formal chain of command around here." The CEOs who filled the table in Trump's 25th floor conference room included Intel's Brian Krzanich. Krzanich sat next to Donald Trump Jr., on on the opposite side of the table from the president-elect. Others who made the pilgrimage to included Apple's Tim Cook, Alphabet's Larry Page, Google's Eric Schmidt, Microsoft's Satya Nadella, Amazon's Jeff Bezos, Tesla's Elon Musk, IBM's Ginni Rometty, Oracle's Safra Catz and Cisco Systems' Chuck Robbins. Facebook's chief operating officer, Sheryl Sandberg, attended instead of its CEO, Mark Zuckerberg, who is one of many tech executives who have expressed misgivings about Trump's pledge to deport millions of immigrants who are in the country illegally. Trump was joined by several members of his senior staff and his three eldest children, who are expected to help run his business once he takes office, again blurring the line between the president-elect's personal and professional lives. Reporters were allowed to witness only the first moments of the meeting and most of the attendees departed without comment. A spokesman for Cisco said the meeting was "very informative and productive." Bezos, who is also owner of The Washington Post, which has been a frequent target of Trump complaints about campaign coverage, said he was "super excited about the possibility of innovation," a comment echoed by several other attendees. No industry was more open in its contempt for Trump during the campaign. In an open letter published in July, more than 140 technology executives, entrepreneurs and venture capitalists skewered him as a "disaster for innovation." And Trump's denigration of Mexicans, his pledge to deport millions of immigrants now living in the U.S. illegally and his crude remarks about women were widely viewed as racist, authoritarian and sexist by an industry that prides itself on its tolerance. Trump, in turn, sometimes lashed out at the industry and its leaders, and -- despite his reassurances Wednesday -- questions remain about how he'll govern. He has lambasted Bezos for the Post's campaign coverage and has suggested that Amazon could face antitrust scrutiny after his election. Trump also rebuked Cook for fighting a government order requiring Apple to unlock an encrypted iPhone used by a shooter in last year's terrorist attack in San Bernardino, California. And Trump's repeated negative comments about immigrants raised fears that he might dismantle programs that have enabled tech companies to hire tens of thousands of foreign workers with the skills to write computer programs, design web pages and build mobile apps. The industry is also worried that Trump might try to undermine "net neutrality," a regulation requiring internet service providers to offer equal access to all online services. Trump's harsh characterization of the media as dishonest and unfair has raised other fears that he might try to restrict free speech online. Some in Silicon Valley think the industry's best move would be to keep its distance until Trump changes his tone. Former Google executive Chris Sacca, now a tech investor, argues that industry leaders should have steered clear of the meeting altogether. Sitting down with the president-elect "would only make sense after Trump has given public assurances he won't encourage censorship, will stop exploiting fake news, will promote net neutrality, denounce hate crimes and embrace science," Sacca said. "If and until then, tech figures who visit are being used to whitewash an authoritarian bully who threatens not just our industry but our entire democracy." One major tech company not invited, despite Trump's frequent use of its product, was Twitter. Sean Spicer, communications director for the Republican National Committee, disputed that they were singled out -- Twitter has said it declined to make branded emojis on the campaign's behalf -- and explained its absence by simply saying "the conference table was only so big, OK?" Separately on Wednesday, Michigan's Republican Chairwoman Ronna Romney McDaniel was officially named Trump's choice to become the new RNC chair next year. The niece of 2012 GOP presidential nominee Mitt Romney would be the first woman to hold the committee's top position in 40 years, and her promotion comes after Trump became the first Republican to carry Michigan in 28 years. Trump also officially announced his selection of former Texas Gov. Rick Perry as his secretary of energy, leading a department Perry once suggested scrapping. While Trump remained in his Manhattan skyscraper Wednesday, he was hitting the road Thursday for the latest stop in his "thank you" tour, this time in Hershey, Pennsylvania. The tour, which is designed to salute supporters in states that helped him win the White House, will continue Friday in Orlando, Florida, before wrapping Saturday at a Mobile, Alabama, football stadium which was the site of the biggest rally of his campaign. -- The Associated Press Inside Silicon Forest About Mike Rogoway Email Mike Rogoway Follow @rogoway Most Read Active Discussions About Us About OregonLive.com Our Journalists Contact the newsroom Join our team Frequently Asked Questions Subscriber Services Advertise with us Subscribe Today The Oregonian Email Newsletters Already a Subscriber Manage your Subscription Delivery Feedback Place a vacation hold Make a payment OregonLive.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Opinion Obituaries Videos Weather Sitemap & search Your Regional News Pages Clackamas County Gresham Portland Washington County Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet Apps More on OregonLive.com Classifieds Jobs Autos Rentals Real Estate Post a job Post a classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Sponsor Content Local Deals Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Pinterest | Instagram | Tumblr Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 Oregon Live LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Oregon Live LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Technology & Business Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Business Insider Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR ShopStyle Who What Wear Byrdie MyDomaine Kin Community | Log in / Sign up Reviews Reviews Camera Reviews GoPro Hero5: The Gizmodo Review Canon PowerShot G7 X Mark II: Australian Review Impossible Project I-1 Polaroid Camera: The Gizmodo Review Leica's Waterproof X-U Camera: The Gizmodo Review Car Reviews 2016 Holden Astra: Australian Review Driving The Epic 2017 Nissan GT-R 2017 Ford Focus RS: Australian Review Tesla Model X: Australian Hands-On Phone Reviews Motorola Moto Z: Australian Review Battle Of The Cheap Smartphones: OnePlus 3T Vs LeEco Le Pro3 LG V20: Australian Review Sony Xperia XZ: Australian Review PC Reviews SCUF Infinity1 And Infinity4PS Pro Controllers: The Australian Review iKBC F87 Australian Review: No Frills, No Fuss Origin PC Chronos: Australian Review LG 27UD88 4K FreeSync Monitor: Australian Review Smartwatch Reviews Huawei Fit: The Gizmodo Review Apple Watch Nike+: Australian Review The Pebble 2 Is Now The Only Fitness Tracking Smartwatch You Need Fitbit Charge 2 Review: The Best Fitness Tracker, Period Gadgets Reviews DJI Mavic Pro 4K Drone Review: So Close To Terrific URB-E Electric Scooter: Australian Review This Folding Bike Has Built-In GPS To Track Your Rides This Handheld Scanner Was Supposed To Change My Life, But I've Never Been More Disappointed In A Gadget Gaming Reviews Razer's eSports Gear Didn't Make Me Want To Play An eSports, But It Sure Is Nice Anyway Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare: Australian Review Sony PlayStation 4 Pro: The Gizmodo Review NES Classic Edition: The Gizmodo Review Entertainment Reviews Review: The Assassin's Creed Movie Makes The Same Mistake The Games Do Apple AirPods Review: Too Simple For Their Own Good Google Chromecast Ultra: Australian Review Rogue One: The Gizmodo Australia Review Review: The Assassin's Creed Movie Makes The Same Mistake The Games Do The Best 13-Inch Laptop Isn't Made By Apple GoPro Hero5: The Gizmodo Review Apple AirPods Review: Too Simple For Their Own Good Gadgets Thousands Of People Are Watching Two Google Homes Argue With Each Other On Twitch Watch This Stump Grinder Basically Vaporise A Tree Stump TCL's New Roku TVs Are Some Of The Cheapest Sets With HDR  Nvidia's New Shield TV Supports Google Assistant Mobile LG Admits No One Cared About Its Modular Phone Last Year Asus' Crazy New Phone Takes 92-Megapixel Photos These Aussie-Made Wireless Earbuds Are A Cure For Pub Deafness How To Find A Lost Phone Car Tech This Incredible Sports Car Was 3D Printed From Laser-Melted Metal Honda's New Experimental Motorcycle Can Balance All By Itself Like Magic My First Ride In A Self-Driving Car Was Harrowing As Hell Living Near A Major Road May Cause Dementia Online This Website Shows You Every Patent That Is Expiring Today This Declassified Report On Russian Hacking Is Incredibly Bleak Wikileaks Somehow Reached A New Level Of Desperate Trump's Latest Statement On Russian Hacking Cannot Be Written About Rationally Science & Health 5 Of The Most Egregious Health Claims From The New US Coca-Cola Lawsuit Astronomers Discover An Entirely New Kind Of Galaxy This Controversial Genetic Engineering Technology Could Eliminate Malaria Watch A Knife Attached To A Rocket Going 240km/h Slice The Hell Out Of Meat And Fruit Cameras This Smart Baby Camera Can See When An Infant Stops Breathing This Is The First Action Camera With FLIR Thermal Imaging Built Right In NASA's Favourite Photos Of 2016 Will Remind You There's Still Good In This World Australian Drone Laws: What You Need To Know Before Taking To The Skies Computing Deals: Launch Your Big Data Career With These 44 Hours Of Training Intel's Incredibly Tiny Compute Card Could Make Obsolete Dumb Gadgets Upgradable Dell's New 2-1 Laptop Charges Wirelessly Gigabyte Has New Gaming Laptops Using Intel's Latest Chips Gaming The Game Boy Is Being Brought Back From The Dead With Some Awesome Upgrades Nvidia Is Bringing Better Game Streaming To Facebook Live Nvidia Has Come A Long Way, From Gaming Graphics To Self-Driving AI 'Mass Effect: Andromeda' Is Coming In March Entertainment B&O Play's M5 Is The Most Beautiful Wireless Speaker I've Ever Seen Watch How ILM Brought Back Tarkin And Leia For Rogue One New Ragnarok Details Hint At Dire Times Ahead For Thor Home Alone Edited With More Blood Seems So Hilariously Demented Toggle navigation Reviews Camera Reviews Car Reviews Phone Reviews PC Reviews Smartwatch Reviews Gadgets Reviews Gaming Reviews Entertainment Reviews Gadgets Mobile Car Tech Online Science & Health Cameras Computing Gaming Entertainment Dell's New 2-1 Laptop Charges Wirelessly Gigabyte Has New Gaming Laptops Using Intel's Latest Chips LG's Prototype Displays Are The Future Of Staring At TV Screens And Beyond Cramming Three 4K Displays Into One Huge Gaming Laptop Is So Insane That Obviously Razer Did It Giftmodo: Christmas Adventure And Fitness Gadgets For Your Outgoing Geek Pals Tegan Jones Dec 16, 2016, 5:00am ⋅ Filed to:  adventure technology Australian Stories fitmodo fitness gift guide gift guides 2016 giftmodo interdyn partner content Share Image: iStock The silly season is here and while for some of us that means eating our body weight in BBQ meat and pavlova, others like to stay active. Here are some rad Christmas gifts for your tech head loved ones who are into fitness and the outdoors. Based in the heart of Silicon Valley, OPPO Digital designs and markets high quality digital electronics that deliver style, performance, innovation, and value to A/V enthusiasts and savvy consumers alike. From market-leading 4K Blu-ray players, the state of the art Sonica multiroom speakers, and the planar magnetic range of hi-fi headphones, OPPO Digital is the leader in video and audio reproduction. Gizmodo's gift guides are presented by OPPO. Fitbit Charge 2 Fitbit, $249 An obvious choice, but there's a reason why these things are still so popular. In addition to measuring your heart rate, sleeping patterns and cardio fitness level, the Charge 2 has a connected GPS and multi-sport tracking and has call, calendar and text alerts. And for the yoga lovers out there, it also has guided breathing sessions for when you want to take care of your mind as well as your body. Handpresso Portable Coffee Machine Gourmandise, about $150 Going bush is all well and good, but there are some things you just can't compromise on. Have your coffee and drink it too with the Handpresso — a handheld, portable coffee machine that can fit snugly into any backpack. Being a hybrid, it caters to a variety of coffee snobs and can take both pods and fresh blends. You can also take it a step further with the travel pack which contains a thermos, 4 allegedly unbreakable cups and a bag. Apple Watch Nike Series 2 Apple, from $529 If you want to go a little more hardcore, in both price point and features, try the latest Apple Watch Nike. On top of the usual Apple Watch 2 features, this incarnation connects you to the Nike+ Run Club — providing progress tracking, reminders and leaderboards so you can connect with your mates. The Nike sports band is also light, compression molded and breathable, making it more comfortable for exercise. Powertraveller Powermonkey Extreme Wild Earth, $250 The ultimate off the grid gift, this bad boy lets you harness the power of the sun to charge your devices in the wild! On top of packing 12V of power, it's waterproof, rugged and has been tested in some of the most remote locations in the world. Basically, it can handle pretty much anything you got. Leatherman Tread Leatherman, $408 A classic re-imagined for the modern outdoor and gadget lover. Multi-tools are always handy and worth investing in. What makes the Tread even cooler is that you can take it anywhere. Unlike a lot of Leathermans out there, this is TSA approved, so you can even take it on flights. Even if you're not a fan of the wearable design, this is still a convenient, compact tool to have. LifeStraw Personal Straw MacPac, $39 Portable water filtration isn't a new concept, but the LifeStraw is pretty damn cool. The sheer compactness of this makes it attractive for hikers and the like, as does its ability to filter out 99.9999% of waterborne bacteria and protozoan parasites. Basically, if the water is microbiologically contaminated, it can probably handle it. Altec Lansing Mini Life Jacket 2 Bluetooth Speaker Target, $109 This is not your ordinary Bluetooth speaker. This is built like a brick because it absolutely is one. Both rugged and waterproof, this testament to human will can be dropped on the ground or in a body of water and be fine. Better yet, it floats, has a built in mic for hands free communication and 10 hours of battery life. Perfect for the great outdoors and even pool parties this summer. Klax Lumberjack Head Klecker, $240 Not satisfied with a regular or even fancy multi-tool? How about one that turns any branch into an axe! That's right, attach a Klax to a sturdy stick and boom, you can now chop stuff with it. If that wasn't enough, it also has a bunch of multi-tool features like a knife blade, ruler, hammer head, clamp and of course, a bottle opener. Comments usebuy @usebuy Dec 16, 2016, 5:13pm The most practical item is the life straw, all the rest wouldn't do much for you if you got sick from bad water in your coffee machine but i suppose there would be comfort in listening to your favorite music while throwing up and crapping yourself at the same time... Last edited December 16, 2016 5:28 pm Reply 0 Join the discussion! Log In Sign Up Guest Access Join the discussion! Cancel Reply Log In / Sign Up Name Email You are starting a new discussion. You are replying to a comment. Cancel Edit × Comment Voting Up Votes Down Votes × Only logged in users may vote for comments! Please log in or register to gain access to this feature. No Thanks Log In Sign Up × Get Permalink Close Trending Stories Right Now Just Look How Freaking Thin LG's New OLED TVs Are Alex Cranz 05 Jan 2017 1:30 PM At 2.57mm thick, LG's new OLED W7 television might be the thinnest giant television ever made. I don't want to say that. It feels like hyperbole, and over the next few days I have no doubt that a lot of other televisions are going to use similar tech for similar results, but look at that image above. Note how that 65-inch display is actually thinner than that woman's finger. Now come back and tell me that isn't incredible. What's The Worst Show You Have Seen Every Episode Of? Katharine Trendacosta 07 Jan 2017 12:00 AM Completionism is a disease that forces some people to finish something even though it has gone horribly wrong. This is why I have seen all of Charmed. And why my colleague James Whitbrook shudders when you mention Torchwood. Miracle Day. So, we ask you, what's the worst show you watched every minute of? Extra points for length of suck. Want Gizmodo's email newsletter? Subscribe Have a tip? Contact our editors! Latest Deals Deals: Launch Your Big Data Career With These 44 Hours Of Training Deals: Check Out This Cost-Effective Alternative To Microsoft Office Deals: Learn To Build Stunning iOS Apps With This Training Bundle Deals: Become A Game Designer Without Learning Any Code Trending Articles 1 Just Look How Freaking Thin LG's New OLED TVs Are 2 What's The Worst Show You Have Seen Every Episode Of? 3 Intel's Incredibly Tiny Compute Card Could Make Obsolete Dumb Gadgets Upgradable 4 Astronomers Discover An Entirely New Kind Of Galaxy 5 This Declassified Report On Russian Hacking Is Incredibly Bleak 5 Of The Most Egregious Health Claims From The New US Coca-Cola Lawsuit Deals: Launch Your Big Data Career With These 44 Hours Of Training This Website Shows You Every Patent That Is Expiring Today B&O Play's M5 Is The Most Beautiful Wireless Speaker I've Ever Seen Deals: Pay What You Want To Learn How To Code Conan's 'Clueless Gamer' Could Get Its Own TV Show Get XCOM 2 For $17 From Humble Bundle Overwatch Players Are Already Salty About Roadhog's New Hook How Bartenders Suggest You Stock Your Home Bar Deals: Check Out This Cost-Effective Alternative To Microsoft Office The Tech Trends From CES 2017 That Will Actually Matter Thinking Cap: Podcasts, Articles And Clips To Make You Smarter 22 huge movie sequels you probably didn't realise were coming out this year Obama on the Fort Lauderdale airport shooting: 'These tragedies have happened too often' Meet the hedge fund stars in their 20s who just made Forbes' '30 Under 30' The US intelligence report on Russian hacking directly implicates WikiLeaks © 2007-2017 Allure Media About Advertise Contact Terms of Use Gizmodo International × Log in to Gizmodo Username or Email Password Remember me Login Don't have an account? Create one here Forgot your password? Click here to reset × Sign up to Gizmodo User Details @ This is your permanent identity for Gizmodo, Kotaku and Lifehacker Australia. Your email must be valid for account activation Minimum of 8 standard keyboard characters Subscriptions Email newsletters will contain a brief summary of our top stories, plus details of competitions and reader events. Gizmodo Newsletter Kotaku Newsletter Lifehacker Newsletter Yes, I wish to receive exclusive discounts, special offers and competitions from our partners. Send Activation Email Already have an account? Log in × Reset Password Email Reset Password Back to login × Gizmodo International Gizmodo US Gizmodo UK Gizmodo Spain Gizmodo Brazil Gizmodo Japan Close
Passcode Monitor Breakfast EqualEd Log In|Register Manage Profile My Saved Items Log Out Free E-mail Newsletters World All World Africa Africa Monitor Americas Latin America Monitor Asia Pacific Asia: South & Central Europe Middle East Global News Blog Passcode Passcode Voices Passcode Influencers Security Culture Progress Watch People Making a Difference Change Agent Specials Africa's AIDS Orphans Little Bill Clinton Hostage: The Jill Carroll Story World Topics Human Trafficking Series USA All USA Politics Monitor Breakfast Politics Voices Decoder Foreign Policy Military Justice USA Update Education EqualEd Society The Politics of US Series Commentary All Commentary The Monitor's View Readers Respond Upfront Blog Global Newsstand Monitor Political Cartoons A Christian Science Perspective Business All Business The Bite Tax VOX The New Economy Saving Money In Gear Paper Economy Robert Reich Guide to Giving Energy / Environment All Energy / Environment Energy Energy Voices Inhabit Inhabit Events Technology All Technology Breakthroughs Voices Science All Science Complexity Science Notebook Spacebound Culture All Culture Arts Full Frame Photoblog Music Movies Monitor Movie Guide TV Verbal Energy The Home Forum Culture Cafe Family Food Stir It Up! Recipe Categories Books All Books Book Reviews Chapter & Verse Readers' Picks Take Action All Take Action Environment Education Conflict Resolution Disaster Relief and Recovery Human Trafficking Subscribe Subscribe Give a Gift Manage Account Daily News Briefing Technology Trump tells anxious tech leaders: 'We're here to help' Latest News Save for later Saved Subscribe Japanese company's AI hire signals coming wins for robots. What about the people? The New Economy Healthcare, manufacturing among winners in December jobs report What another ice shelf collapse might mean for Antarctica and the planet Tilikum legacy: How one orca changed SeaWorld After facing fierce opposition from tech leaders during the campaign, the president-elect will now meet with them quarterly. By Jonathan Lemire and Michael Liedtke, Associated Press December 14, 2016 Save for later Saved In this June 16, 2014, file photo, Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos walks onstage for the launch of the new Amazon Fire Phone, in Seattle. Technology leaders are about to come face-to-face with President-elect Donald Trump after fiercely opposing his candidacy, fearful that he would stifle innovation, curb the hiring of computer-savvy immigrants and infringe on consumers’ digital privacy. On Wednesday, Dec. 14, 2016, Silicon Valley luminaries and other technology leaders are headed to Trump Tower in New York to make their peace, or press their case, with Trump and his advisers. Mr. Bezos is one of the CEOs expected to attend. Ted S. Warren/AP/File View Caption About video ads View Caption of NEW YORK — President-elect Donald Trump, who faced fierce opposition from some Silicon Valley leaders during the election campaign, strove to assure the titans of tech on Wednesday that his administration is "here to help you folks do well." Mr. Trump, still savoring his election victory, convened a summit at Trump Tower for nearly a dozen tech leaders, whose industry largely supported Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton. Many in the industry are worried that Trump will stifle innovation, curb the hiring of computer-savvy immigrants and infringe on consumers' digital privacy. He immediately tried to allay those fears. Recommended: Do you speak start-up? An entrepreneurial vocab quiz. "We want you to keep going with the incredible innovation. Anything we can do to help this go on, we will be there for you," Trump said. "You'll call my people, you'll call me. We have no formal chain of command around here." Test your knowledge Do you speak start-up? An entrepreneurial vocab quiz. Photos of the Day Photos of the Day 01/06 The CEOs who filled the table in Trump's 25th floor conference room included Apple's Tim Cook, Alphabet's Larry Page, Google's Eric Schmidt, Microsoft's Satya Nadella, Amazon's Jeff Bezos, Tesla's Elon Musk, IBM's Ginni Rometty, Oracle's Safra Catz and Cisco Systems' Chuck Robbins. Facebook's chief operating officer, Sheryl Sandberg, attended instead of its CEO, Mark Zuckerberg, who is one of many tech executives who have expressed misgivings about Trump's pledge to deport millions of immigrants who are in the country illegally. The meeting remained amiable and the group, which agreed to meet quarterly, also had preliminary discussions about immigration and how to stay competitive with China, though no firm commitments were made, according to a person briefed on the meeting but not authorized to discuss it publicly. Trump was joined by several members of his senior staff and his three eldest children, who are expected to help run his business once he takes office, again blurring the line between the president-elect's personal and professional lives. Reporters were allowed to witness only the first moments of the meeting and most of the attendees departed without comment. But Mr. Bezos, who is also owner of The Washington Post, which has been a frequent target of Trump complaints about campaign coverage, said he found the meeting to be "very productive" and said he "shared the view that the administration should make innovation one of its key pillars." No industry was more open in its contempt for Trump during the campaign. In an open letter published in July, more than 140 technology executives, entrepreneurs and venture capitalists skewered him as a "disaster for innovation." And Trump's denigration of Mexicans, his pledge to deport millions of immigrants now living in the U.S. illegally and his crude remarks about women were widely viewed as racist, authoritarian and sexist by an industry that prides itself on its tolerance. Trump, in turn, sometimes lashed out at the industry and its leaders, and — despite his reassurances Wednesday — questions remain about how he'll govern. He has lambasted Bezos for the Post's campaign coverage and has suggested that Amazon could face antitrust scrutiny after his election. Trump also rebuked Mr. Cook for fighting a government order requiring Apple to unlock an encrypted iPhone used by a shooter in last year's terrorist attack in San Bernardino, California. And Trump's repeated negative comments about immigrants raised fears that he might dismantle programs that have enabled tech companies to hire tens of thousands of foreign workers with the skills to write computer programs, design web pages and build mobile apps. The industry is also worried that Trump might try to undermine "net neutrality," a regulation requiring internet service providers to offer equal access to all online services. Trump's harsh characterization of the media as dishonest and unfair has raised other fears that he might try to restrict free speech online. Some in Silicon Valley think the industry's best move would be to keep its distance until Trump changes his tone. Former Google executive Chris Sacca, now a tech investor, argues that industry leaders should have steered clear of the meeting altogether. Sitting down with the president-elect "would only make sense after Trump has given public assurances he won't encourage censorship, will stop exploiting fake news, will promote net neutrality, denounce hate crimes and embrace science," Mr. Sacca said. "If and until then, tech figures who visit are being used to whitewash an authoritarian bully who threatens not just our industry but our entire democracy." One major tech company not invited, despite Trump's frequent use of its product, was Twitter. Sean Spicer, communications director for the Republican National Committee, disputed that they were singled out — Twitter has said it declined to make branded emojis on the campaign's behalf — and explained its absence by simply saying "the conference table was only so big, OK?" Separately on Wednesday, Michigan's Republican Chairwoman Ronna Romney McDaniel was officially named Trump's choice to become the new RNC chair next year. The niece of 2012 GOP presidential nominee Mitt Romney would be the first woman to hold the committee's top position in 40 years, and her promotion comes after Trump became the first Republican to carry Michigan in 28 years. Trump also officially announced his selection of former Texas Gov. Rick Perry as his secretary of energy, leading a department Mr. Perry once suggested scrapping. While Trump remained in his Manhattan skyscraper Wednesday, he was hitting the road Thursday for the latest stop in his "thank you" tour, this time in Hershey, Pennsylvania. The tour, which is designed to salute supporters in states that helped him win the White House, will continue Friday in Orlando, Florida, before wrapping Saturday at a Mobile, Alabama, football stadium which was the site of the biggest rally of his campaign. ___ Liedtke reported from San Francisco. Associated Press writer Lolita C. Baldor contributed from Washington Next up Test your knowledge Do you speak start-up? An entrepreneurial vocab quiz. First Look True menace or 'straw man'? Tech debates Trump's Muslim registry idea. First Look Silicon Valley vs. Trump: A meeting of the minds? SunPower cuts jobs: Will Trump’s policies undercut renewables? How Trump's immigration stances could affect the tech industry (+video) Print/Reprints About these ads Monitor's Best: Top 5 The obvious Obamacare problem no one's talking about Behind Facebook Live attack, unseen scourge of crime against disabled Why 'Father of the 401(k)' says he regrets pushing the retirement plan Despite hard times for Macy’s and Sears, physical retail stores are booming Passcode Why doubts still cloud Russian hacking allegations Popular Now Inhabit What really happened during the supposed climate change 'hiatus'? The obvious Obamacare problem no one's talking about First Look What another ice shelf collapse might mean for Antarctica and the planet First Look Lending a fin: How US Navy dolphins are helping save endangered vaquitas Behind Facebook Live attack, unseen scourge of crime against disabled   40 iPhone tips and tricks everyone should know   SUBSCRIBE About these ads Make a Difference Inspired? Here are some ways to make a difference on this issue. TAKE ACTION FREE Newsletters Get the Monitor stories you care about delivered to your inbox. Daily The Weekender BizTech Change Agent Science Books Politics Food Commentary C.S.Perspective   About these ads We want to hear, did we miss an angle we should have covered? Should we come back to this topic? Or just give us a rating for this story. We want to hear from you. Your name: Your e-mail address: Your comment: Loading... Loading... Loading... Global Galleries Photos of the Day 01/06 Latest News Japanese company's AI hire signals coming wins for robots. What about the people? Doing Good Rural residents pool cash to save last local gathering places Movies 'Hidden Figures' is unoriginal but has an irresistible story Movies 'Toni Erdmann' is fitfully sharp and amusing Science Scientists paint a more nuanced picture of the gorilla genome Science Did Exxon Mobil mislead the public about global warming? Science Did 'hobbit' people go extinct earlier than we thought? Science Desert mangroves: stars of carbon sequestration Science Siberian 'unicorn' lived for much longer than we thought Stay Current. Go Far. Discover the Monitor Difference About Contact Us Subscribe E-Readers Advertise With Us Careers Find us online Content Map Text Corrections Reprints & Permissions Multimedia A Christian Science Perspective © The Christian Science Monitor. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy. Save for later Save Cancel Saved ( of items) This item has been saved to read later from any device. Access saved items through your user name at the top of the page. View Saved Items OK Failed to save You reached the limit of 20 saved items. Please visit following link to manage you saved items. View Saved Items OK Failed to save You have already saved this item. View Saved Items OK
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple You can still buy Apple’s AirPods in time for Christmas, for a price Chris Smith BGR NewsDecember 15, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Apple finally started selling the AirPods wireless headphones earlier this week, but there’s no point getting excited about finding a pair in stores for Christmas. Apple already ran out of its first batch of AirPods, and the device is significantly delayed. Most people won’t be able to buy their AirPods until 2017, and Apple will be missing out on the huge holiday shopping sprees. But those of you determined to get the headphones in time for Christmas still have a chance: You can go to eBay and buy a pair right now, but be ready for exorbitant prices. Don't Miss: Upset VW owners are stripping their buyback cars to the bone, then turning them in If you thought $159.99 was already a high asking price for the AirPods, then you’ll probably not want to spend as much as $2,000 on a pair just so you can use them right now, or put them under someone’s Christmas tree. But if money is no object to you, then all you need to do is go to eBay and find your AirPods. “These are brand new from Apple and will be shipped to you overnight the moment they arrive,” one eBay seller, who’s asking $2,000 for his or her AirPods, explains on eBay. “Why am I asking so much for them…. because I really don’t want to sell them. But if you really want them by Christmas and you are willing to pay this much, then I will sell them. Really, I’m just being honest.” Like this listing, you’ll find various others on eBay, with prices starting at over $159. Mind you, these are auctions, which means those people that desperately need an AirPods pair this Christmas will likely try to outbid you. Then again, you’ve already been waiting so long for the AirPods to arrive, what’s a few more weeks? Trending right now: This smartphone vs DSLR comparison is going to make some Android owners pretty sad Upset VW owners are stripping their buyback cars to the bone, then turning them in The Galaxy S8 should beat the iPhone 7 with one brand-new feature See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next 9 tech-friendly gifts for people obsessed with travel Yahoo Tech Get a $100 AT&T Visa® Reward Card DIRECTVSponsored Here’s all the Kmart stores that will have liquidation sales this weekend BGR News Facebook launches live 360-degree video feature Yahoo Tech Modders report successful hack of NES Classic Edition, expand library to 60 games Digital Trends Don't Buy Furniture Until You See This Site WayfairSponsored New leak shows how terrible Apple’s iPhone could have been BGR News The iPhone 8 is going to be bigger than you can even imagine BGR News Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo Finance
News Sports Life AV Review LV Leader Obits E-Edition Autos Jobs Homes Classifieds Site Archive Nassif to lead Apple Valley Town Council in 2017 Wednesday Dec 14, 2016 at 3:51 PM Dec 15, 2016 at 1:55 PM Matthew Cabe Staff Writer @DP_MatthewCabe APPLE VALLEY — In a unanimous decision Tuesday, longtime Town Councilman Scott Nassif was named mayor here for the third time since he was first elected in 2002. The Council’s vote makes Nassif just the second person in Apple Valley’s history to serve as mayor three times — the first being Mark Shoup, who first assumed the position in June 1999 after David Holman's resignation. Shoup served as mayor again in 2000 and 2006 after being selected by his peers in December 1999 and 2005, respectively.     Mayor emeritus Barb Stanton said of Nassif that she “couldn’t think of a better person to head this team in the next year." “He’s our long-standing member,” Stanton said. “He’s seen more than any Council member up here, and I think this year is (going to be) a great year for you. I think of our bridge — Yucca Loma Bridge — and there’s no one better to waive that flag.” The bridge is tentatively slated to open to traffic in May, according to town officials. Nassif first served as mayor from 2004-05 and again in 2010-11. He thanked the community for its support after being selected and extended gratitude to his fellow councilors for their confidence in his leadership. “I’m sure we’ll have some challenges,” Nassif said, “but I’m looking forward to them.” In the past, some residents have criticized this Council for not responding to public comments. A handful of former regulars no longer attend meetings as a result, but Nassif addressed nearly all commenters directly following his selection. After resident John Laraway urged the Council to pass a resolution — not unlike the cities of Hesperia and Adelanto — banning Syrian refugees from resettlement in the town, Nassif offered a tempered but contrary retort. Refugees — and Islam — became a hot-button issue leading up to the November election after 1st District Supervisor candidate Angela Valles condemned the "dumping" of 23 Syrian refugees in Victorville. That condemnation extended to local officials, who Valles suggested were either guilty of negligence or covering up the resettlement by not telling the public. Confirmation of resettled refugees sparked a protest in Victorville during which residents both for and against resettlement exchanged chants across a busy Bear Valley Road.    Laraway — who has spoken out against Islam on numerous occasions at previous meetings — characterized the religion as one that “treats its women like dogs” and “wants to kill everyone that’s not Islamic” during his three minutes at the lectern, adding that “Islam and Christianity are totally incompatible.” Nassif, in response, mentioned his Syrian-Lebanese heritage. “I hate to prejudge folks that are here whether they’re Christian, Muslim without knowing that,” he said. “So, that’s just a comment I always like to throw out to that — try not to prejudge folks.” In addition to the possible renewal of dialogue between the elected and the electorate, Tuesday’s meeting also brought the swearing in of members Larry Cusack and Art Bishop, who were resoundingly re-elected in November. And in an election that saw approximately 78 percent of registered voters cast ballots, Bishop received more votes in November’s election than any Council member in the region, according to Stanton, who said she was proud to serve with him. Both Cusack and Bishop were first elected to the Town Council in 2012. After taking his oath of office, Bishop was unanimously selected mayor pro tem after being nominated by Councilor Curt Emick. Stanton was then presented with the Mayor’s Plaque by Nassif for her service in 2015-16. It’s not an easy job,” Nassif said of the position. “I know we haven’t always agreed on a lot of different things, but ... Councilmember Stanton — Barb — has done a fantastic job representing not only the Council, but the community at various events ... You’ve set the example for me moving forward.” Upon receiving the plaque, Stanton thanked staff for their dedication to the town and its citizens. “It’s truly an honor to stand here with my colleagues and celebrate the highs and celebrate the lows in our way, if you will — the fight to go on for our community,” Stanton said. Matthew Cabe can be reached at MCabe@VVDailyPress.com or at 760-951-6254. Follow him on Twitter @DP_MatthewCabe. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services Contact Us E-Paper Help Subscribe Now Report a Problem Online Services Newsletters/Alerts Archives Story Archive Obituary Archive Photo Archive Advertising Info Advertise with Us Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. Some rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. VVdailypress.com ~ 13891 Park Ave, Victorville, CA, 92392 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville Crime Nation and World Shareable Databases Election 2016 Sports Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville In The Dirt Auto Racing Entertainment Movies Travel Local Food Reviews Special Sections Calendar Life Community Cajon Pass Commuter Education Family Health Religion Opinion Editorials Letters Editor's Notebook This Desert Life Business Obits Customer Service About Us Contact Us e-Edition Login Place an Ad News Alerts Subscribe Media Kit Reader Services More Photos Videos Calendar CSD Voter Guide Place an Ad Sickweather Map Contests TV Guide Branded Content Lucerne Valley Leader Apple Valley Review Subscriber E-Edition Reader Services Subscribe News Alerts Market Place Classifieds Autos Jobs Homes Place an Ad Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
Wireless charging startup Energous is teaming up with Apple supplier Dialog | iLounge News iLounge Search NEW NEWS Sort by Category Recent Comments RSS Feed Submit News/Tip Archives Apple Executive Team sees reduced compensation… Canadian Competition Bureau closes Apple… Instagram adds iPhone 7 Wide Color Support,… Apple reports iOS 10 now on 76 percent of… Focalcrest debuts Mixtile Hub to bridge third-party… Capcom announces all six classic MegaMan… REVIEWS + ACCESSORIES Recent Reviews Browse by Category iPhone Accessories iPad Accessories Apple Watch Accessories Speakers Headphones HomeKit Accessories Forum iLounge Books & Guides Submit a Product Audeze iSine10 In-Ear Headphones MOCACARE MOCACuff Connected Blood Pressure… Apple AirPods Elgato Eve Motion Olloclip Core Lens Set for iPhone 7/7 Plus Logitech Pop Home Switch Starter Pack FEATURES Ask iLounge Best of the Year Awards Editorials Features Interviews Tutorials Reports Backstage Top Five: The Best Products for Building… Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of… Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of… Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of… Inside the betas: iOS 10 Photos gets Advanced… Inside the betas: iOS 10 Music app delivers… GEAR Apple Watch Bands Bags Batteries Car Mounts Fitness Screen Protectors Just Mobile AluCharge USB Charger Griffin Pencil Sleeve for Apple Pencil Nomad Vulcanized LSR Silicone Strap for Apple… Zivix AirJamz Lutron Pico Remote Control for Audio Crosley Cruiser Deluxe MAC Macs Apps Cases Speakers Cameras Furniture Decor Mounts Extras LG UltraFine 5K Display IK Multimedia MODO BASS OWC Thunderbolt 3 Dock Shiny Frog Bear Matias Wireless Aluminum Keyboard Apple MacBook Pro (2016) HELP! Help! Links Forums Ask iLounge Tips Tutorials Apple Support Links FAQs iLounge Books & Guides Company Directory Disabling App Notifications in CarPlay Using AirPods with your Apple TV Using Double Tap to Control Play/Pause on… Optimizing iTunes Media Storage in macOS… Keeping the Christmas Tree Lights On with… Preserving Camera settings in iOS 10.2 DEALS iLounge Deals brings our readers exclusive deals on gadgets, iOS accessories, consumer tech software, e-learning, and more, with a wide range of products and new deals added daily. Daily Deal: 3D Luxe Lightning Earphones with… Daily Deal: [email protected] Premium Licenses Daily Deal: The 2017 iOS 10 Complete App… Daily Deal: Boombotix Boombot Bass Station Daily Deal: New Year’s Sale Daily Deal: Clip & Snap Smartphone Camera… GALLERIES FORUMS iPod, iPhone & iPad Problems & Solutions Accessories iTunes & other software Filling Your Device Community Search Forums SHOP ABOUT US The Team Advertise Contact Us Submit App News Submit News News Wireless charging startup Energous is teaming up with Apple supplier Dialog By Jesse Hollington @jhollington ● Thursday, December 15, 2016 Energous, a startup that many have speculated has been working with Apple on wireless charging solutions, has just signed a big deal with Apple chip supplier Dialog Semiconductor, Fast Company reports. According to a source, Dialog presently makes about three-quarters of its revenue supplying power management chips to Apple, suggesting that the new partnership could put Energous into a position to more effectively deal with Apple in bringing wireless charging to future iPhone models. Energous has been working on a long-range wireless charging technology known as WattUP RF that would allow devices to recharge wirelessly at distances of up to 15 feet away from a charging transmitter —  technology that certainly seems like the practical type of wireless charging solution that Apple would be interested in, as opposed to current implementations based on plug-in charging mats. The report goes on to suggest that WattUP RF technology could be incorporated into Macs to allow an iPhone to be charged when it’s simply sitting on the table within a few feet of a powered Mac. All of this remains completely speculative at this point, however; rumors of Energous working with Apple are based entirely on a vague statement made by Energous last year that it had signed a development and licensing agreement with “one of the top consumer electronic companies in the world” to integrate its WattUp technology into that company’s “consumer devices.” Further, while Dialog does supply a lot of power management chips to Apple, the iPhone maker is far from Dialog’s only customer, and in addition to power management chips, Dialog also makes Bluetooth and audio chips for a multitude of other devices. Naturally, neither Apple nor Energous CEO Steve Rizzone have commented on any relationship the two companies may have. Comments « Apple clarifies relationship between Apple Music and iTunes Match Apple releases first developer betas of iOS 10.2.1, tvOS 10.1.1 » Related Stories Apple Executive Team sees reduced compensation as Apple misses 2016 targets Canadian Competition Bureau closes Apple iPhone antitrust investigation Apple reports iOS 10 now on 76 percent of iOS devices Energous CEO says long-range wireless charging coming by end of 2017 Apple announces record-shattering New Year’s Day for App Store Apple Q1 2017 earnings call set for January 31 Sign up for the iLounge Weekly Newsletter Email: Recent News Apple Executive Team sees reduced compensation as Apple misses 2016 targets Canadian Competition Bureau closes Apple iPhone antitrust investigation Instagram adds iPhone 7 Wide Color Support, Live Photos in Stories Apple reports iOS 10 now on 76 percent of iOS devices Focalcrest debuts Mixtile Hub to bridge third-party devices to HomeKit Capcom announces all six classic MegaMan titles now available for iOS Leviton debuts HomeKit-compatible Decora In-Wall Dimmers and Switches Carrier adds HomeKit support to Côr Thermostat Google Calendar iOS app can now track workouts via HealthKit Honeywell announces Lyric HomeKit-compatible security cameras Recent Reviews Audeze iSine10 In-Ear Headphones MOCACARE MOCACuff Connected Blood Pressure Monitor Apple AirPods Elgato Eve Motion Olloclip Core Lens Set for iPhone 7/7 Plus Logitech Pop Home Switch Starter Pack Elgato Eve Light Switch iHome iPLWBT5 Docking Clock Radio for iPhone and Apple Watch Brydge 12.9 iPad Pro Keyboard Sen.se GuardPeanut Recent Articles Top Five: The Best Products for Building a Smart Home with HomeKit Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of watchOS 3 Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of tvOS 10 Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of iOS 10 Inside the betas: iOS 10 Photos gets Advanced Computer Vision Inside the betas: iOS 10 Music app delivers ‘clarity and simplicity’ Inside the betas: iOS 10 Maps gets a major redesign Inside the betas: iOS 10 shakes up the user experience Inside the betas: watchOS 3 promises a real speed boost Inside the betas: A sneak peek at what’s new in tvOS 10 Win Subscribe Buy ADVERTISE | CONTACT US Search Sign up for the iLounge Weekly Newsletter Email: iLounge is an independent resource for all things iPod, iPhone, iPad, and beyond. iPod, iPhone, iPad, iTunes, Apple TV, Mac, and the Apple logo are trademarks of Apple Inc. iLounge is © 2001 - 2017 iLounge, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
Apple clarifies relationship between Apple Music and iTunes Match | iLounge News iLounge Search NEW NEWS Sort by Category Recent Comments RSS Feed Submit News/Tip Archives Apple Executive Team sees reduced compensation… Canadian Competition Bureau closes Apple… Instagram adds iPhone 7 Wide Color Support,… Apple reports iOS 10 now on 76 percent of… Focalcrest debuts Mixtile Hub to bridge third-party… Capcom announces all six classic MegaMan… REVIEWS + ACCESSORIES Recent Reviews Browse by Category iPhone Accessories iPad Accessories Apple Watch Accessories Speakers Headphones HomeKit Accessories Forum iLounge Books & Guides Submit a Product Audeze iSine10 In-Ear Headphones MOCACARE MOCACuff Connected Blood Pressure… Apple AirPods Elgato Eve Motion Olloclip Core Lens Set for iPhone 7/7 Plus Logitech Pop Home Switch Starter Pack FEATURES Ask iLounge Best of the Year Awards Editorials Features Interviews Tutorials Reports Backstage Top Five: The Best Products for Building… Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of… Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of… Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of… Inside the betas: iOS 10 Photos gets Advanced… Inside the betas: iOS 10 Music app delivers… GEAR Apple Watch Bands Bags Batteries Car Mounts Fitness Screen Protectors Just Mobile AluCharge USB Charger Griffin Pencil Sleeve for Apple Pencil Nomad Vulcanized LSR Silicone Strap for Apple… Zivix AirJamz Lutron Pico Remote Control for Audio Crosley Cruiser Deluxe MAC Macs Apps Cases Speakers Cameras Furniture Decor Mounts Extras LG UltraFine 5K Display IK Multimedia MODO BASS OWC Thunderbolt 3 Dock Shiny Frog Bear Matias Wireless Aluminum Keyboard Apple MacBook Pro (2016) HELP! Help! Links Forums Ask iLounge Tips Tutorials Apple Support Links FAQs iLounge Books & Guides Company Directory Disabling App Notifications in CarPlay Using AirPods with your Apple TV Using Double Tap to Control Play/Pause on… Optimizing iTunes Media Storage in macOS… Keeping the Christmas Tree Lights On with… Preserving Camera settings in iOS 10.2 DEALS iLounge Deals brings our readers exclusive deals on gadgets, iOS accessories, consumer tech software, e-learning, and more, with a wide range of products and new deals added daily. Daily Deal: 3D Luxe Lightning Earphones with… Daily Deal: [email protected] Premium Licenses Daily Deal: The 2017 iOS 10 Complete App… Daily Deal: Boombotix Boombot Bass Station Daily Deal: New Year’s Sale Daily Deal: Clip & Snap Smartphone Camera… GALLERIES FORUMS iPod, iPhone & iPad Problems & Solutions Accessories iTunes & other software Filling Your Device Community Search Forums SHOP ABOUT US The Team Advertise Contact Us Submit App News Submit News News Apple clarifies relationship between Apple Music and iTunes Match By Jesse Hollington @jhollington ● Thursday, December 15, 2016 An Apple Senior Product Specialist has confirmed to iLounge that Apple Music has been expanded to include all of the key features of iTunes Match, clarifying the update to the Apple Music Membership FAQ that we reported on last week. The specialist confirmed that Apple Music subscribers can now download DRM-free versions of “matched” tracks without an iTunes Match subscription, although he clarified that this won’t necessarily be the case for older DRM-laden songs purchased from the iTunes Store — basically, those tracks purchased prior to the 2007-2009 period when Apple began selling music without DRM. Specifically, an iTunes Match subscription is still required to download 256-kbps DRM-free versions of any of those older purchased iTunes Songs — provided the DRM-free versions are available on the iTunes Store — whereas users without an iTunes Match subscription will be limited to the originally-purchased 128kbps DRM-protected versions from their purchase history. Asked about the July report that Apple was bringing the more sophisticated acoustic fingerprinting algorithms to Apple Music subscribers, the Apple rep was unable to comment on any specific improvements that have been made to Apple Music in this regard, although he noted that Apple is always working to improve its matching algorithms in general. One interesting clarification that he did add, however, was that due to licensing restrictions, matching can only occur based on the catalog available on whichever service the user is subscribed to — Apple Music subscribers can only match tracks against songs available for streaming in the Apple Music library, and iTunes Match subscribers can only match against songs available for sale on the iTunes Store. Regardless of which of the two services a user subscribes to, however, any tracks that cannot be matched from the available catalog will still be uploaded as before. Comments « Super Mario Run now available on App Store Wireless charging startup Energous is teaming up with Apple supplier Dialog » Related Stories Apple Executive Team sees reduced compensation as Apple misses 2016 targets Canadian Competition Bureau closes Apple iPhone antitrust investigation Apple reports iOS 10 now on 76 percent of iOS devices Energous CEO says long-range wireless charging coming by end of 2017 Apple announces record-shattering New Year’s Day for App Store Apple Q1 2017 earnings call set for January 31 Sign up for the iLounge Weekly Newsletter Email: Recent News Apple Executive Team sees reduced compensation as Apple misses 2016 targets Canadian Competition Bureau closes Apple iPhone antitrust investigation Instagram adds iPhone 7 Wide Color Support, Live Photos in Stories Apple reports iOS 10 now on 76 percent of iOS devices Focalcrest debuts Mixtile Hub to bridge third-party devices to HomeKit Capcom announces all six classic MegaMan titles now available for iOS Leviton debuts HomeKit-compatible Decora In-Wall Dimmers and Switches Carrier adds HomeKit support to Côr Thermostat Google Calendar iOS app can now track workouts via HealthKit Honeywell announces Lyric HomeKit-compatible security cameras Recent Reviews Audeze iSine10 In-Ear Headphones MOCACARE MOCACuff Connected Blood Pressure Monitor Apple AirPods Elgato Eve Motion Olloclip Core Lens Set for iPhone 7/7 Plus Logitech Pop Home Switch Starter Pack Elgato Eve Light Switch iHome iPLWBT5 Docking Clock Radio for iPhone and Apple Watch Brydge 12.9 iPad Pro Keyboard Sen.se GuardPeanut Recent Articles Top Five: The Best Products for Building a Smart Home with HomeKit Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of watchOS 3 Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of tvOS 10 Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of iOS 10 Inside the betas: iOS 10 Photos gets Advanced Computer Vision Inside the betas: iOS 10 Music app delivers ‘clarity and simplicity’ Inside the betas: iOS 10 Maps gets a major redesign Inside the betas: iOS 10 shakes up the user experience Inside the betas: watchOS 3 promises a real speed boost Inside the betas: A sneak peek at what’s new in tvOS 10 Win Subscribe Buy ADVERTISE | CONTACT US Search Sign up for the iLounge Weekly Newsletter Email: iLounge is an independent resource for all things iPod, iPhone, iPad, and beyond. iPod, iPhone, iPad, iTunes, Apple TV, Mac, and the Apple logo are trademarks of Apple Inc. iLounge is © 2001 - 2017 iLounge, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy The Missing Debate Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it The Switch Apple takes ‘time remaining’ off laptops’ battery life display The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Karen Turner December 16, 2016 Follow kthalassa A MacBook Pro laptop computer (David Paul Morris/Bloomberg) Apple has found a response to user complaints about battery life in the newest MacBook Pro: It's eliminating the "time remaining" indicator in the battery life display. Once laptop users install the newest operating system update -- macOS Sierra, which was released on Tuesday -- the estimate of how many hours and minutes are left in the battery disappears from the display in the menu bar. Instead the battery life indicator only shows the estimated percentage of battery life remaining. The software update is available on Apple's laptop and desktop computer devices. The update arrives on the heels of customer complaints about the battery life of the newest MacBook Pro model, with some Apple Support forum and Reddit users claiming that their laptops last from about three to six hours, a clear cutback from Apple's promises of  10-hour battery life.  9to5Mac reported on Tuesday that Apple investigated the matter and decided that the issue wasn't with the battery itself but with the "time remaining" feature, which was often underreporting the amount of battery life left. And the company hasn't amended its 10-hour battery promise. Battery-life claims, though, are often based on a specific and optimized computer setup. 9to5Mac did some tests and came out with about an 8-hour battery performance for the MacBook Pro. "With macOS Sierra we have continued to advance our power management, and by design there is now an increased range between high performance and low-power states," Apple explained in a statement to Business Insider. "When combined with the differing ways people use their Mac throughout the day, the calculation of remaining battery life displayed as a measure of time has become less accurate." Not everyone is impressed by Apple's response. On Apple blog The Loop, Shawn King writes "Apple taking the estimate away, even if wildly inaccurate, is silly. Not fixing it, even more so." On Daring Fireball, another blog long devoted to Apple's products, John Gruber writes "This is like being late for work and fixing it by breaking your watch." Users who would still find the actual hours remaining on their battery more useful than a percentage can access it through the computer's Activity Monitor. To navigate there, start at Finder, then go to Applications, from there go to Utilities, and scroll through to find Activity Monitor. Once opened, click on the Energy tab and look at the bottom of the window, where the hours and minutes remaining -- or at least the software's best guess -- is displayed. business technology the-switch true Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Karen Turner is a freelance journalist covering tech for The Washington Post. Follow @kthalassa Show Comments Discussion Policy 0 Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Get 2 months of digital access to The Washington Post for just 99¢. A limited time offer for Apple Pay users. Buy with Cancel anytime $9.99/month after the two month trial period. Sales tax may apply. By subscribing you agree to our Terms of Service, Digital Products Terms of Sale & Privacy Policy. Get 2 months of digital access to The Washington Post for just 99¢. Most Read 1 If someone doesn’t like immigrants, ask them this question 2 The crack in this Antarctic ice shelf just grew by 11 miles. A break could be imminent. 3 Who will really win in an Obamacare repeal 4 Third lien on Trump hotel brings alleged unpaid bills to over $5 million 5 America’s $6.7 billion marijuana habit, mapped Market Watch DJIA 0.45% NASDAQ 0.79% Get quote Last Update: 12:48 PM 01/06/2017(DJIA&NASDAQ) Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game Word Wipe Word game business technology the-switch Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
Skip to main content iMore Forums Ask a Question New Posts Trending Discussions iPhone 7 iPhone 7 Plus iPhone 6s iPhone 6s Plus MacBook Pro Apple Watch Series 2 iOS 10 macOS Sierra iPad Pro (12.9-inch) iPad Pro (9.7-inch) Shop HOT ACCESSORY DEAL$ Digital Offers Best sellers New releases Cases and covers Chargers and cables Battery packs Screen Protectors iPhone iPad Watch TV Mac How to Live Help Reviews The Best Best iPhone apps Best iPad apps Best Mac apps Deals Today's Trending Tech Deals Digital Offers Apps Games Log in or Sign up Fewer ads and it's free! Forums iPhone iPad Mac Apps Games Features Reviews Virtual Reality Help & How To Question & Answer Contests Shop now! Podcasts Contact iMore About iMore Android Central Connectedly CrackBerry iMore Windows Central Tesla Central VR Heads MrMobile The Pixel Project Comic: Google is the Sincerest Form of Flattery Not this again Google, U.S. carriers offer free calls to France Photos in Motion Turn your Live Photos into great GIFs with Motion Stills New feature Google's My Account helps to find lost phones Speed it up! Google app for iPhone gets a substantial speed boost < > CES 2017 Pokemon Go iOS 10 macOS Sierra watchOS tvOS iPad Pro iPhone 7 Buyers guide Order: AirPods | MacBook Pro | Order iPhone 7: Apple | Verizon | T-Mobile Ritchie Google Docs has a spam problem like iCloud Calendar, so why aren't we freaking out about it? By Rene Ritchie Tuesday, Dec 13, 2016 at 12:00 pm EST 46 Comments Google simply isn't held to the same standard as Apple, and that's bad for all of us. Rene Ritchie has been covering Apple and the personal technology industry for almost a decade. Editorial director for Mobile Nations, analyst for iMore, video and podcast host, you can follow him on Snapchat, Instagram, or Twitter @reneritchie. Recently, iCloud users began receiving spam in the form of Calendar invitations. It happened around U.S. Thanksgiving, was super annoying, and garnered wide-spread and well-deserved media attention. A couple days later, Apple released a statement to iMore and other outlets apologizing for the issue and promising to address it quickly. Yesterday, Apple rolled out a way to report iCloud Calendar spam on the web, and my guess is we'll see it spread to the Calendar app at some point as well. Apple's statement on iCloud calendar spam. They're sorry and they're working on it. pic.twitter.com/oaSHSywVxG— Rene Ritchie 🖇 (@reneritchie) November 30, 2016 Recently, Google users began receiving spam in the form of shared Docs folders. It happened weeks before U.S. Thanksgiving, was super annoying and, at the time of this writing, has received no real media attention. Google has not released a statement to any outlets that I'm aware of nor promised to address it quickly or otherwise. Far as I can tell, Google hasn't added an easy way to report Docs spam either, and my guess is, unless this piece goes viral, they won't any time soon. Google Docs spam continues, and apparently there's no way to stop it. (Please let iWork collaboration… work!) pic.twitter.com/AKxjX8X2GZ— Rene Ritchie 🖇 (@reneritchie) September 18, 2016 Once upon a time Apple was envied and derided for having a "reality distortion field" — the ability to garner the benefit of the doubt and receive a positive spin for almost anything they did, no matter how poorly it actually held up under scrutiny. It never really existed, of course. Steve Jobs was simply the best spokesperson the industry has ever seen. He resonated with people and his excitement was infectious. Still, it never spared Apple antennagate, MobileMe, and and other, non-distorted problems over the years. Tim Cook's Apple, if anything, has enjoyed an equal and opposite "reality distortion field" of late. It casts almost everything the company does as doomed regardless of how well it actually does. As something Steve Jobs would never do, regardless of whether or not Jobs had actually done it in the past or was involved in the early stages of it getting done now. The truth is, if any company has enjoyed a "reality distortion field" in recent years it's been Google. Even absent anything approaching a Jobs-style leader, the teflon they've found themselves covered in over the years has let them walk safely though situations that would have sunk lesser companies. No matter how many authors books they scanned or Wi-Fi data they scooped up without permission, they stayed golden. In the greatest stroke of genius modern technology has seen, they convinced ardent open source advocates to rally against the closed systems of others... even though all of Google's key businesses like search and advertising are proprietary. Remember Ping and Apple Music Connect? Laughed at to this day. Remember Google Buzz? Google Wave? Hangouts? Google+? Spaces? The just-released Allo? They form a string of social messaging flops far grandeur and far more troubling than any of Apple's social music missteps. Yet there's very little laughter. The same attitude infects the media, most of whom — myself include — use Google services day in, day out for work. Take the recently released Pixel phone for example. When Apple released the very similar iPhone 6s last year, they were tagged for missing "key" features like optical image stabilization on the smaller model, stereo speakers, and water-resistence. And for having a familiar, antenna-line laden design. Yet Google releases that very phone a full year later, still missing those features and aping that design while adding a huge glass RF window that doesn't even reduce the antenna lines, and any criticism of it is largely left as a footnote in the face of rave reviews. It's almost like they're graded on a curve. Previous Nexus phones were always given a pass for bad cameras or missing features because they were cheap. Pixel costs as much as an iPhone, and doesn't even include headphones in the box. And still all the passes are given. Apple is rolling out "Report Spam" for iCloud Calendar. Google Docs spam, meanwhile, is deafening silence. Graded on a curve… pic.twitter.com/ol0GWM6N0R— Rene Ritchie 🖇 (@reneritchie) December 12, 2016 Had iCloud Drive experienced the same problem as Google Docs, the headlines would be coming our way fast and furiously. So, why am I writing all this? Am I asking people and press to calm down when it comes to Apple? Not hardly. I'm asking everyone to amp it up when it comes to Google. Holding Apple to the highest standard is great for Apple's customers. I mean, the clickbait "Apple bites dog" headlines are transparent and literally make us stupider as a consumer society, but whatever. It forces Apple to improve. Google, because of how much they know about us, needs to be held to an even higher-than-the-highest standard. We — yes, including the media — have to be on them quickly and relentless about every little thing, because should a big thing come, it would hurt us far worse than any Apple foible. So yeah, raise a fuss about iCloud Calendar being spammed and get Apple to stop it. Please. Thank you. But also raise a fuss about Google Docs being spammed as well, and don't stop until you get Google's statement and reassurance that they're working on it, and you start seeing solutions. Then keep doing it. You know, like you would if you were grading them on an Apple curve. Like us! Share on Facebook Reader comments Google Docs has a spam problem like iCloud Calendar, so why aren't we freaking out about it? 46 Comments View All Comments Log In to Comment Register Sort by Date Sort by Rating ralphtweety Pretty much agree. Also, scrutiny can have the same net effect as head-on competition for a company with a wise leader - it's an open opportunity to rise to meet the challenge and ultimately do better. In this area Tim has done far better than many, maybe any, Fortune 500 leaders, including Steve Jobs. Steve had a very difficult time admitting mistakes. I see Tim as a corporate leader that is willing to say, "sorry", if he thinks it's really deserved, and always willing to try and do better whether an apology is required or not. Let Google do its thing - What goes around, comes around - always and without fail. 0 3 weeks ago Reply Tech198 Maybe that is actually "good" for Google.. Think about it.... If its not as viral, the less attention will be drawn to it.. That's probably no reason to not fix anything, but its sure is an escape goat. So a lession..... No one else report this :) 0 3 weeks ago Reply jlgraham I have not heard of Google Docs spam. Not in docs, calendar or any Google services that I use. I use Google docs every day, with three different accounts (work, work and personal). Also, I just did a search for "Google Docs Spam" (and variations) and the only things that came up were at least 2 years old (and I used DuckDuckGo to search, not Google). Also, maybe this is just me, but isn't it tacky to write an article about a problem that supposedly affects a number of people, and the only reference to said problem is the author's own tweets? That's like citing yourself as a source... If this is an issue why aren't you able to find comments from other affected users? I understand that you're talking about how the media is not paying attention, but surely you could find one single Tweet from an outside source? 0 3 weeks ago Reply bobbob1016 I think the difference is layered.: One, new docs added to my Google Docs don't popup alerts on my phone constantly Two, I haven't seen this on my Google Docs Three, Google will likely allow me to fix it from mobile, not requiring I bust out a device they're trying to kill off (and saying their iPad is) Four, not as many people use Google Docs 0 3 weeks ago Reply DanRJones91 Okay, well no-one is "freaking out" about the iCloud Calendar or the Google Docs spam. At most, sensible people are mildly inconvenienced by it. And this essentially reads as "waahh people are being mean to my darling!". Yeah, perhaps people do grade on a curve, but then you always hold Apple to a higher standard than other companies, so you're certainly not one to throw stones. It's a problem of their own making - they were far above the competition for a long time and people came to expect more from them. Now they've had a bland year the perception is they're being treated more harshly because of that, but that's hardly the same as saying people aren't giving other companies **** for their mistakes too. 1 3 weeks ago Reply luimende Because no one uses Google docs obviously. Sent from the iMore App -1 3 weeks ago Reply cmdacos Well that I would agree with, lol. But certainly not because of spam invites. Nice deflection by Rene though. Posted via the iMore App for Android -1 3 weeks ago Reply DannyJJK I use Google Docs a lot, I like the fact that it auto-saves to the cloud whilst you're typing, it's free, and has some fantastic collaboration tools 1 3 weeks ago Reply prediscover Um.. Have you bought a pixel? they do come with headphones. -1 3 weeks ago Reply Brad Alexander To everyone commenting.... He didn't say Google Calendar. He said Google Drive/Google Docs. Please actually read the article. 1 3 weeks ago Reply ra535i Precisely. See how quick they defend without actually reading. 1 3 weeks ago Reply VAVA Mk2 Still have never had those issues Posted from my Nexus 6P -2 3 weeks ago Reply cmdacos Ok, never have I had an issue with Google drive either and it's been active for a couple of years. Not one incident. Posted via the iMore App for Android -2 3 weeks ago Reply bdfortin I've noticed a similar trend lately with Siri and Google Assistant: Despite dozens of comparisons showing that the two assistants are roughly on par Google Assistant is always being praised as being "better" because "it's pretty equal today but soon, really soon, it'll be leaps and bounds better, just you wait!" while Siri is seen as stagnant with no hope for improvement. People also praise Google Assistant for being context aware even though Siri got the same context awareness back in iOS 9 but everyone seems to have forgotten. "Grading on a curve" sounds like exactly what's going on. 2 3 weeks ago Reply VAVA Mk2 Yeah....nooo... Considering the number of blogs and tech writers that have done comparisons between all the major mobile assistants, that is a false claim. Siri is the weakest of them all. Posted from my Nexus 6P -2 3 weeks ago Reply cmdacos Yep, shown time and time again that Siri is falling behind fast. Posted via the iMore App for Android -3 3 weeks ago Reply bdfortin "Siri is the weakest of them all." That's completely false. Right now Google Assistant and Siri are just about even for the top spot (although Google Assistant is currently limited to a few million Pixel and Home devices, only in English, and only in select countries, whereas Siri is available on over a billion Apple devices, in many countries, in many languages), Cortana is a little behind (but with geographic/linguistic limitations like Google Assistant), S Voice is complete garbage (feel free to try to defend that one), and Alexa is pretty good (but also suffers from geographic/linguistic limitations). MKBHD's comparison, for example, walks Google Assistant and Siri through their paces fairly well: Siri misses a few requests, Google Assistant also misses a few requests, Siri has a slight edge when it comes to getting information and integrating with apps, Google has a slight edge when it comes to voice recognition and request parsing. 1 3 weeks ago Reply vinny jr I own both the iPhone 7 & the Samsung Galaxy S7. Google Assistant is far superior than Siri. There's just no comparison. Speed, accuracy & what you can do with them, Google is far ahead of Siri. -1 3 weeks ago Reply bdfortin The Galaxy S7 doesn't even have Google Assistant, it's limited to the Pixel. 1 3 weeks ago Reply blckz28 Google Assistant is also built into Allo so you can have it on just about any phone. -2 3 weeks ago Reply bdfortin Google Assistant in Allo doesn't have the same capability that it would on a Pixel: It can't set a timer, it can't launch apps, it can't look at contact information, it can't make a phone call, etc. Google Assistant in Allo isn't even as capable as Google Now, let alone being as capable as Siri. 1 3 weeks ago Reply ra535i Forget the assistant, Google now is available on ALL phones and is better than anything out there. Google assistant will reach feature parity with Google now soon I'm sure. Can't say the same for Siri. ****, Cortana is better than Siri in IMHO. -2 3 weeks ago Reply bdfortin "Google assistant will reach feature parity with Google now soon I'm sure. Can't say the same for Siri." This is exactly what I meant with my original comment: Google gets praised because it'll be better later (and next year is the year of the linux desktop!) while Siri is seen as completely stagnant without any hope for improvement (except all the improvements it's gotten over the last few years, but we'll ignore all those), which is hypocritical bull****. 1 3 weeks ago Reply ra535i So you agree that google now is better than Siri. Good. At least you're not crazy. Assistant is already on par with Siri. Now is on another level. And like I said before. "Now", "assistant", and "home" will be using the same backend soon. That's a war that Apple can't win without mining data the way that google does. -2 3 weeks ago Reply bdfortin I never agreed to that, I disregarded it because Now, Assistant, and Siri are all on par, and nobody can provide any evidence to back up any claims to the contrary. Why couldn't Google just use the same backend in the first place? Apple already mines data, they just do it in a different way and tend not to brag about every incremental update. For example, the database Apple uses for image recognition is actually twice the size of Google's, but Apple's algorithms let them mine through twice as much data with ~1/3 the computing power. But, again, like I said in the original post, your entire claim is predicated on the idea that Google's offering may not be better today but soon, SO SOON YOU GUYS!, it'll be better, and Siri will forever remain the same as it was back in 2011 (we'll ignore things like being to order an Uber with Siri, things Google Now and Google Assistant can't do). 0 3 weeks ago Reply DannyJJK I'm pretty sure Apple has big plans for Siri, especially with recently bringing it to the Mac and the application integration in iOS 10. Siri's voice recognition works great for me in both English and Spanish (my second language, so my accent isn't even perfect for this). I use it a lot on my iPhone and Apple Watch 1 3 weeks ago Reply cmdacos I'm sure everyone has big plans for their assistant. What's the point? Posted via the iMore App for Android -2 3 weeks ago Reply DannyJJK The point is that people are acting like Siri is falling greatly behind other assistants, when in reality Apple are still adding new things to Siri and improving voice recognition too. Maybe Siri is behind now, but that could easily change 0 3 weeks ago Reply dsignori The reality distortion field "never existed"? I guess, says someone currently caught up in it... I see your overall article point Rene, I do. But again you go too far in taking Apple's side. Honestly though, if you don't see the distortion field, your caught in it. -2 3 weeks ago Reply VAVA Mk2 This has not happened to me on Google Calendar. Someone has a case of butthurt again. Posted from my Nexus 6P -3 3 weeks ago Reply bdfortin "My heart, I'm having an attack!" "My heart's fine. Someone's being a health fanatic." 1 3 weeks ago Reply cmdacos Never had a spam invite in my Google calendar. Is this really a thing? Posted via the iMore App for Android -2 3 weeks ago Reply DannyJJK Yes. 1 3 weeks ago Reply ra535i example? I've never seen it. -1 3 weeks ago Reply Steve Adams Nor have I, either on my windows devices or my google devices...only on my supposedly secure apple devices. -1 3 weeks ago Reply DannyJJK Your Apple devices are as "supposedly secure" as your Windows and Google devices 0 3 weeks ago Reply Aleksandr Vysockij I deleted loads from mine. And those my iPhone was picking up as invitations from the gmail inbox or whichever way this stuff works. Evidence? The only one still left in the calendar bin is this: http://imgur.com/PVgdzXx 1 3 weeks ago Reply Quis89 So the distortion of reality regarding Apple "never really existed, of course" meanwhile Googles does? You don't think it's possible fans and supporters of both companies have their own personal biases towards those companies? The reputations of both companies are very different as are the methods in which they release products. I think if you looked at this from the same lens you view Apple you'd easily be able to see why the two companies are different. You can't always make these "What about Google/Samsung/insert company name" articles without objectively looking at both sides. Google has ALWAYS released a bunch of different products to see what sticks. Apple hasn't. Apple has always been much more secretive about their products and only released what they felt was a finished (or somewhat finished) product. It's nothing new for Google to release a service and discard of it if it doesn't perform. You can't view these two companies the same. You'll always be disappointed in this "curve" you frequently discuss. -2 3 weeks ago Reply P-DogNC Quis89, that is false equivalency. 0 3 weeks ago Reply lvavila I see the answer to your article as a compliment to Apple. The way I see it: Google is capable of making good products and services... Apple is capable of making great products and services. Does Apple have flops? Yes and boy do I remember Newton and I never "got" Ping. I am a developer and consumer. I really like Google but love Apple so yeah I personally hold Apple to higher standards. Amazon would be my #2 with Google sitting at #3 (along with 5-6 other companies, ie Netflix, Tablo, Kia, etc) in terms of consumer respect. Of source this is all based on my opinion and experience. 1 3 weeks ago Reply cmdacos Apple makes great services now? Did i miss the memo? Posted via the iMore App for Android -2 3 weeks ago Reply ra535i If I pulled together 10 iphone users and asked them how many of them use the calendar app on their phone 10/10 would say YES. If I pulled together 10 android users and asked them how many of them used google docs I'd be surprised if 5 of them said yes. So naturally, Apple's issue would affect a higher percentage of users than Google's. One doesn't need a graph to figure this out.... Just sayin. 2 3 weeks ago Reply Brad Alexander Not Google Calendar, Google Drive. 0 3 weeks ago Reply ra535i ? What are you taking about. I said Google docs. Rene is comparing docs against iCloud calendar. Take your confusion to Rene. 0 3 weeks ago Reply pepperonijack I'm sure someone who's more exposed to people criticizing Google could write the exact opposite article. You can find the same phenomenon in lots of domains, like politics ("my favorite candidate got flack for saying X, but when he's opponent said something similar no one complained"). Basically, you're complaining about the lack of impartiality in your bubble (the part of the media you're exposed to). And people who are in a different bubble will disagree because their experience really is different. If you're not happy with your bubble, we can't really help you. Just start reading more articles complaining about Google's screw ups. -1 3 weeks ago Reply P-DogNC Pepperonijack, that is false equivalency. 0 3 weeks ago Reply 500M Consumers Reached Yearly Copyright 2016 Mobile Nations • Terms and Conditions • Privacy Policy • Careers: Writer | Dev • Licensing • External Links Disclosure Advertising Partner
Our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy have changed. By continuing to use this site, you are agreeing to the new Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. To CNNMoney business culture gadgets future startups To CNNMoney Transition of Power Trump sits down with top Silicon Valley execs by Seth Fiegerman and Laurie Segall   @CNNTech December 14, 2016: 6:23 PM ET Trump meets with tech execs Donald Trump and Silicon Valley want to pivot to a better working relationship. Top execs from Amazon (AMZN, Tech30), Tesla (TSLA), Apple (AAPL, Tech30), Facebook (FB, Tech30), Alphabet (GOOGL, Tech30) and several other large tech companies met with the president-elect in New York on Wednesday after months of clashing. "In the world, there's nobody like the people in this room," Trump told the executives gathered, according to a pool report. "Anything we can do to help this go along, we'll be there for you." "You'll call my people, you'll call me. It doesn't make any difference," Trump continued. "We have no formal chain of command around here." Trump sat at a large boardroom table between Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg and VP-elect Mike Pence on one side and investor Peter Thiel and Apple CEO Tim Cook on the other. Trump's three adult children attended the meeting as well, sitting together at one end of the table. The three main areas discussed were jobs, immigration and China, according to a source briefed on the meeting. Immigration, in particular, has been a source of anxiety among tech companies who worry about filling high-skilled positions and treatment of their employees. Trump and the tech leaders also touched on issues like vocational training, infrastructure projects and repatriation of foreign assets. The last of those may be the biggest boon to Silicon Valley. Apple alone has more than $200 billion parked overseas. The group agreed to meet on a quarterly basis. "The meeting today was very informative and productive, and President-elect Trump and his team were extremely engaged," Andrea Duffy, a spokeswoman for Cisco (CSCO, Tech30), said in a statement. "The group discussed critical matters related to job creation and innovation in the United States." The tech summit was a striking shift for both camps. On the campaign trail, Trump threatened to boycott Apple, went after Amazon for antitrust violations and called out Facebook's founder for his immigration policies. The tech industry returned the favor by slamming Trump as "a disaster for innovation" and rallying for Hillary Clinton. "Now that we are out of the campaign cycle, we have to move into constructive mode," says Aaron Levie, CEO and cofounder of Box (BOX) and a vocal Clinton supporter. "This is the next administration." Related: Silicon Valley could spar with Trump on these issues George Zachary, a venture capitalist and friend of Elon Musk's, suggested it was all about appearances. "There is at least the impression of communication going on," Zachary told CNNMoney. "This impression will at least diffuse some of the distance and tension that has been built up over the last couple of years." Though the execs in attendance were caught on camera going in and out of Trump Tower, they didn't stop to talk to the press. Invitations to meet with Trump were signed by Trump's son-in-law and adviser Jared Kusher, chief of staff Reince Priebus and Thiel. Thiel, a Facebook board member and rare Trump supporter in Silicon Valley, has emerged as perhaps the strongest bridge between the tech industry and the incoming administration. Case in point: Alex Karp, the CEO of Palantir, a secretive data startup cofounded by Thiel, attended the event. Palantir contracts with federal agencies like the Department of Justice and Immigration and Customs Enforcement. Perhaps the most notable absence from meeting was Twitter (TWTR, Tech30), the service that Trump can't seem to live without. And there were conflicting explanations as to why. One source familiar with the matter said Twitter was "bounced" from the meeting by Republican National Committee communications director Sean Spicer. The source said it was retaliation for the fact that Twitter prohibited Trump's presidential campaign from creating an emoji for the hashtag #CrookedHillary. Another source close to the Trump transition said Twitter was simply not big enough. Most businesses at the table dwarf Twitter in sales, market valuation and number of employees. Separately, Trump added Musk and Uber CEO Travis Kalanick to his team of business advisers. "My administration is going to work together with the private sector to improve the business climate and make it attractive for firms to create new jobs across the United States from Silicon Valley to the heartland," Trump said in a statement about the appointments Wednesday. Some of those in attendance at Wednesday's meeting have already tried to offer Trump symbolic victories. On Tuesday, IBM CEO Ginni Rometty published a column in USA Today pledging to hire 25,000 workers during Trump's first term in office. Trump could push others in the room Wednesday to make similar announcements. In one recent interview, Trump said he spoke with Apple CEO Tim Cook about building a large manufacturing facility in the U.S. "I said to Tim Cook, 'It's my ambition to get Apple to build a great plant, your biggest and your best," Trump said, "even if it's only a foot by a foot bigger than some place in China.'" -- Kristin Wilson and Jake Tapper contributed to this report. CNNMoney (New York) First published December 14, 2016: 11:42 AM ET Social Surge - What's Trending A record 75 straight months of job growth under Obama Apple cuts Tim Cook's pay 15% for missing sales goals Repealing Obamacare could cost 3 million jobs, study finds Mortgage & Savings Powered by LendingTree Terms & Conditions apply NMLS #1136 CNNMoney Sponsors Partner Offers Paid Partner NextAdvisor Paid Partner Transferring your balance to an 18-month 0% APR is ingenious 7 outrageous credit cards if you have excellent credit The best credit cards for 2017 Jaw-dropping cards charging 0% interest until 2018 The highest paying cash back card has arrived Most stock quote data provided by BATS. Market indices are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer. Morningstar: © 2016 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Factset: FactSet Research Systems Inc. 2016. All rights reserved. Chicago Mercantile Association: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Dow Jones: The Dow Jones branded indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by DJI Opco, a subsidiary of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and have been licensed for use to S&P Opco, LLC and CNN. Standard & Poor's and S&P are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor's Financial Services LLC and Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. All content of the Dow Jones branded indices © S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC 2016 and/or its affiliates. © 2016 Cable News Network. A Time Warner Company. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy. AdChoices.
