Gear & & & Style ☰ Home Features Email Newsletters Gear & Style Gadgets Apparel Grooming Health & Fitness Exercise Diet & Nutrition Stress & Sleep Relationships & Family Money & Career Productivity Career Advice Personal Finance Autos Industry Insights The Best Drives & Reviews Concepts & Rumors Luxury Hybrids & EVs Motorcycles Sports NFL NBA MLB NCAA Other Sports Entertainment Movies TV Gaming Music Books Culture States & Cities Food & Drink Travel More About Us Archive Jobs Contact Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google+ Home / Gadgets / 7 Worst iPhone Updates That Apple Has Ever Released Jess Bolluyt More Articles December 31, 2016 Facebook Twitter Linkedin Googleplus Stumbleupon Reddit Each major iOS release has its issues. People have issues downloading iOS updates, they run into interface glitches, and discover odd bugs with the way Apple’s apps and utilities work with the new operating system. Just check out our list of iOS 10 problems for a recent example of the kinds of things that can go wrong. But some iOS updates have been worse than others. A few have brought major errors and flaws, and others have unintentionally introduced serious security vulnerabilities into Apple’s mobile operating system. Read on to check out some of the most infamous iOS updates that Apple has released, and look back on the numerous bugs and issues that plagued unsuspecting iPhone owners. 1. iOS 9.3.1: See contacts and photos on a locked phone This update compromised security of personal privacy | Gonzalo Arroyo Moreno/Getty Images iOS 9.3.1 brought a pretty serious security flaw with it. An exploit enabled anyone with access to a locked iPhone 6s or iPhone 6s Plus running iOS 9.3.1 the ability to view the phone’s contact list and photo albums, says The Daily Dot. You could activate Siri, ask Siri to search Twitter, and when Siri asks what to search for, say “@gmail.com” or the second half of any other email address. When Siri produces a list of results, choose a tweet with a full email address in it. Then, you’d need to click the tweet and, using the 3D Touch feature of the iPhone 6s or iPhone 6s Plus, firm-press the email address to get a pop-up window. Tap “Add new contact,” and then you’d be able to click the photo box to view all the photos on the device. Or tap “Add to existing contact” to browse the other contacts saved on the device.  2. iOS 9.3: Safari crashes and bricked iPhones This update caused Safari to crash on iPhones | iStock.com/AdrianHancu iOS 9.3 was hailed as one of Apple’s worst updates thanks to major problems with Safari, The Register states. The upgrade caused many iPhones’ browsers to crash. Many iPhone owners complained that their devices were no longer able to open links in Safari, or even in Mail, without the browser freezing up. Word of the Safari issues came after Apple released an update to address another iOS 9.3 flaw, which left some owners of the iPhone 5s and older iPads with bricked devices which were unable to connect with Apple’s activation servers. However, despite the update’s much-publicized problems, iOS 9.3 did show a lower crash rate than all other active iOS builds at the time. 3. iOS 9.0.2: A ton of bugs Users who downloaded this update were unhappy with the major bugs | Kazuhiro Nogi/AFP/Getty Images iOS 9.0.2 came with a surprising variety of problems, Forbes mentions. Despite Apple’s repeated release of bug fixes, those patches not only failed to fix the issues, but introduced new ones as well. All told, users who downloaded iOS 9.0.2 struggled with broken notifications, major issues receiving emails, iMessage failures, touchscreen failures on both iPhones and iPads, Game Center issues, and broken app installs. The array of issues was particularly disappointing given Apple’s marketing of iOS 9 as a release that would focus on optimizing iOS’s speed and reliability.  4. iOS 8.0.1: Touch ID disabled This update disabled Touch ID for some iPhone 6 users | Kena Betancur/Getty Images There have been plenty of flawed iOS updates, but few have been so bad that Apple pulled them after their release. iOS 8.0.1 was intended to fix various bugs, but users encountered major problems with the release, says The New York Times. The issues seemed to primarily affect users of the latest iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, and users reported that the update disabled Touch ID capability on their devices. Apple withdrew the update and made it possible for users to revert to the previous version of iOS by connecting their phone to a computer.  5. iOS 7: Malicious apps able to track user inputs iOS 7 was a disaster for iPhone users | Kena Betancur/Getty Images Minor bugs are common in the first build of a new iOS release. But iOS 7 had a more serious flaw — it could enable a malicious app to monitor and track a user’s touch and button inputs while said app is running in the background, says ReadWrite. The flaw was associated with the multitasking functionality in iOS, and it would automatically transmit all user inputs to a remote server. According to the researchers who discovered the flaw, the only way for users to fix the issue before Apple issued an update was to manually remove open apps from the multitasking bar. According to Wired, the cause of the flaw was “embarrassingly simple,” and resulted from “a single spurious ‘goto’ in one part of Apple’s authentication code that accidentally bypasses the rest of it.”  6. iOS 6.0.1: Download woes and a bypass for the lock This update allowed anyone to unlock an iPhone without a passcode | Bryan Thomas/Getty Images Mashable notes that iOS 6 had its share of “teething troubles” at the start of its availability, including a notable login Wi-Fi bug that Apple quickly resolved, plus issues accessing music. iOS 6’s problems began with the process of downloading the update itself, since the release weighed in at 2.5GB and took as long as five hours to download. Later, however, it came to light that iOS 6.0.1 had a more serious flaw: a bug that let anyone unlock an iPhone without a passcode. The trick involved opening the emergency call window, pressing a few digits, then quickly ending the call. Then, the user would have to go to the lock screen, hold down the power button, and tap the emergency call before the slider appeared. The bug would then place the user inside the Phone app, where they could make calls, send messages, and see contact information. 7. iOS 5: Battery life shortened iOS 5 drained the battery life of some iPhones | Timothy A. Clary/AFP/Getty Images Most people expect an iOS update to make their iPhone’s operating system more stable and more efficient. But some iPhone owners who downloaded iOS 5 were disappointed to find that the release caused battery life to take a hit, AllThingsD reports. Reduced battery life is among the least desirable side effects to be associated with an operating system update. After complaints about battery life issues began to surface, Apple announced that it was working on an update to address the problem. The battery life issues appeared to vary based on what network a user was on, their usage patterns, and other factors. 2016-12-31 11:12:00 Get Gadgets Newsletters Daily Cheat Sheet Gear & Style Autos Gadgets Sports NFL Entertainment Culture Money & Career Food & Drink Health & Fitness Friday Cheat Sheet © & ® 2015 The Cheat Sheet, All Rights Reserved. About Us Archive Jobs Contact Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Recent Posts Lineage OS gets logo, asking for slave and mirror servers Sony Xperia X gets Android 7.1.1 in a Concept program update Qualcomm pre-announces ASUS Tango phone, the ZenFone AR Continuum for Android? Samsung Galaxy S8 could bring just that to the table Popular Dell XPS 13 laptop family now includes a convertible Kaby Lake model Recent Comments Anonymous on Android 7.1.1 Nougat launches Anonymous on Upcoming Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom revealed to feature dual rear cam, huge 5000mAh battery Anonymous on Initial iPhone 7 sell-out will be meaningless as it’s “governed by supply” Anonymous on You can call Huawei crazy, but its two-year plan is to surpass Apple in smartphone sales Anonymous on Apple iPad Pro 9.7 Review: Is it really for work? Archives January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005 January 2005 December 2004 November 2004 October 2004 September 2004 August 2004 July 2004 June 2004 May 2004 April 2004 March 2004 February 2004 January 2004 December 2003 November 2003 October 2003 September 2003 August 2003 July 2003 June 2003 May 2003 April 2003 March 2003 February 2003 January 2003 December 2002 November 2002 October 2002 September 2002 August 2002 July 2002 June 2002 May 2002 April 2002 March 2002 February 2002 January 2002 December 2001 November 2001 October 2001 September 2001 August 2001 July 2001 June 2001 May 2001 April 2001 March 2001 February 2001 January 2001 December 2000 November 2000 October 2000 August 2000 July 2000 June 2000 May 2000 Categories Android BlackBerry Interview iOS Phones Reviews Tablets Uncategorized Wearables webOS Windows Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org logo sidebar Reviews Editorials Videos Podcast Deals Navigation Reviews Editorials Videos Podcast Deals Phones 725 Piper Jaffray’s Gene Munster moves on, but not without final five-year plan for Apple by Jules WangDecember 18, 2016 7:25 am Contents Full Article Rating Comments Advertisement If Apple wants to keep its grip on the cash mountain it makes every year through 2022, it is going to have to ramp up on services. Analyst Gene Munster of investment firm Piper Jaffray has decided to call it quits and follow former PJ colleague Andrew Murphy and current colleague Doug Clinton to Loup Ventures, a capital lender for augmented-, mixed-, and virtual-reality companies. But before that’s to happen, he has penned his 874th and last note on Apple for his employer on where the company heads toward in the next five years. Munster claims that Apple will need to execute a drastic change in hardware attitude in favor of software — perhaps in the form of shifting margin padding on products from iPhones to AppleCare, so to speak. Investors have been on a rough, if sturdy branch with Infinite Loop the past couple of years, so it’ll take some convincing to see if the company is deserving of more money. The analyst thinks that first confidence flags will come up when services makes up 30 percent of total revenue and then a full flight will come in at 50 percent. While Apple has hit its own targets for service revenue, as of last quarter, services made up 13.4 percent of total revenue. He does estimate that the iPhone 7 will see a better sales run outside of the holidays (where it is currently said to be on the downtrend) with fiscal Q2 and Q3 beating the Street’s estimates. The decennial iPhone, with flashy glass curves and an OLED display, will achieve growth either side of 10 percent and will balloon unit sales for fiscal 2018 to 170 million. Multiple big ticket features and products are in the pipeline, too, Munster predicts, such as AR, MR and VR applications and accessories for the iPhone. There’s also that Apple Car — or, lacking that, an autonomous car software platform — that might come in the middle of his forecast range. The investment note, obtained by AppleInsider, ends with a personal touch from the soon-to-be venture capitalist: The experience was rough, but using the iPod gave me a sense of joy I never had from any other product. [Apple] did it with the iPod and recreated that joy with the iPhone. That magic is a big reason why we’ve been unwavering bulls on Apple for almost the entire time we’ve covered it. While Apple stock is unlikely to replicate the success it enjoyed over the past twelve years in the coming twelve, the company can recreate that magical feeling with some future product and will enjoy watching the stock rise when they do. Image: LinkedIn Advertisement likethis What's your reaction? Love It 0% Like It 0% Want It 0% Had It 67% Hated It 33% ViaPhoneArena SourceAppleInsider Posted In iOS, Phones, Tablets, Wearables Tags Apple, Apple Car, Apple Music, AppleCare, business, iPhone 7, iPhone 8, News, sales Apple, Apple Car, Apple Music, AppleCare, business, iPhone 7, iPhone 8, News, sales About The Author Jules Wang Jules Wang is News Editor for Pocketnow and one of the hosts of the Pocketnow Weekly Podcast. He came onto the team in 2014 as an intern editing and producing videos and the podcast while he was studying journalism at Emerson College. He graduated the year after and entered into his current position at Pocketnow, full-time. You might also like AppleApple CarApple MusicAppleCarebusinessiOSPhonesTabletsWearables   Read More Nikkei: Apple lowers iPhone orders for second winter quarter in a row   Read More 2016’s biggest tech winners and losers   Read More The hot (and not so hot) news stories from Pocketnow in 2016   Read More Here we go again: 2017 iPhone trio rumored to include LCD duo, Samsung-supplied OLED 5.8-incher   Read More The Best Smartphones of 2016 at Any Price: Pocketnow Editors Vote!   Read More TSMC not in trouble with 10nm fab, or at least that’s what the company says Advertisement Recent Posts Sort   Lineage OS gets logo, asking for slave and mirror servers Sony Xperia X gets Android 7.1.1 in a Concept program update Qualcomm pre-announces ASUS Tango phone, the ZenFone AR Continuum for Android? Samsung Galaxy S8 could bring just that to the table 12345 1234 Recommended Videos Connect with Pocketnow Advertisement Recent Podcast Episodes Sort   Best of 2016 and prepping for CES 2017 | #PNWeekly 233 Year End Tech Sales and Paying for Porn? | #PNWeekly 232 Samsung Fights Verizon over Note 7 and Nokia Launches a Phone | #PNWeekly 231 12345 1234 Recent Interviews Sort   Redditor dissatisfied that his Google Pixel speaker issue ends in refund Interview: Rehan Asad Assistant VP of Broadband Strategy for AT&T on Gigabit Broadband for LA Is Samsung Pay on a non-Samsung phone a pipe dream? 12345 1234 Recent Videos Sort   Cyanogen is now Lineage OS, Google Pixel issues & more – Pocketnow Daily Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus, next iPad delays & more – Pocketnow Daily iPhone 7 Plus camera issues, Android Wear new hardware & more – Pocketnow Daily 12345 1234 Get in touch About Us Contact Us Tip Us Follow Us ©2016 Pocketnow.com, All rights reserved. Pocketnow.com - Smartphone, Tablet, and Wearable reviews, videos, editorials, and news Compare Go
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Trending Topics Writers Podcasts Events more Trending Topics Commerce Drones Enterprise Media Mobile Reviews Social Transportation Voices Writers Kara Swisher Dan Frommer Peter Kafka Edmund Lee Walt Mossberg Johana Bhuiyan Jason Del Rey Ina Fried April Glaser Eric Johnson Kurt Wagner Podcasts Events ✕ Apple Voices Emerging Tech Apple’s AirPods are so easy to wear you’ll forget you have them on AirPods are “just” wireless headphones about as much as the Apple Watch is just a watch and iPhone is just a phone. by Ben Bajarin Dec 19, 2016, 2:15pm EST tweet share Linkedin Josh Edelson / AFP /Getty A version of this essay was originally published at Tech.pinions, a website dedicated to informed opinions, insight and perspective on the tech industry. After a delayed start, AirPods finally started appearing in Apple Stores this morning, and inventory quickly sold out in many locations. Before they went on sale, we had quite a bit of information about AirPods and what they were capable of doing. We knew they would pair easily, and that there were sensors built in that knew when you are wearing them and when you weren’t. But some things just have to be experienced to appreciate their magic, and AiPods are one of them. First, you will never see a more seamless pairing experience than the first time you pair the AirPods. Open the case, press Connect and they are instantly paired with all your iOS devices, including iPad and Apple Watch. As soon as you put one AirPod in your ear, a subtle sound lets you know they are on and ready to be used. The theme of both of Apple’s wearable computers — Apple Watch and AirPods — is comfort to the degree of making them feel as though they disappear. Perhaps my favorite feature is when you take one AirPod out, the music automatically pauses. Put it back in, and it resumes flawlessly. This is useful when someone is talking to you and you need an ear free to listen and respond. I have some context with this experience, having used the Plantronics BackBeats Pro 2, which offer a similar smart sensor that pauses your music when you take off the headphones. For whatever reason, I found taking one AirPod out much more convenient than lifting the entire headset off my head. Perhaps just personal preference, perhaps not. In either case, the seamlessness of this experience is fantastic. Whenever you need to know the battery level of the AirPods or the charging case, simply open the case next to your iPhone and this screen instantly pops up. Apple is using some sort of close-proximity solution, because if you move the case even one foot away and open it, nothing happens on the phone. Ben Bajarin I’ve been using Bluetooth headphones for years, so the awesomeness that is wireless headphones was not new to me. But these were the first I’d used that are independently wireless — not connected to anything. With sports Bluetooth headphones, you notice and feel the wire on the back of your neck as you move. Similarly, with over-the-ear wireless headphones like the Bose QuietComfort or Beats Wireless, you feel the band that goes over the top of your head. The point is, they don’t disappear. I was surprised and delighted by how comfortable the AirPods are in my ears, and how easily you forget they are there. Interestingly, I feel the same way about my Apple Watch. It seems that the theme with both of Apple’s wearable computers (and yes I consider the AirPods to be wearable computers) is comfort to the degree of making them feel as though they disappear. This may be ear-shape-dependent, so my statement may not be true of everyone but it is with me. Many others who have tried them have commented on how well they stay in your ears. I found this to be true. I used them while doing light exercises like yoga and even some living-room cardio (via the Apple TV app Zova) and they stayed in perfectly. The lack of a cable makes a difference in helping them stay in your ears. I took it one step further and played a singles tennis match with my playing partner. I’m sure Apple wouldn’t recommend them for an intense run or similar activity, but I figured I’d try it. I’ve tried every form of sport Bluetooth headphones and, because of the wire behind my neck and some of the violent movements of tennis, they all fall out regularly. Here again, not having the wires attached made all the difference in the world. Maybe the AirPods shape fit my ears like a glove — they didn’t fall out one time during my match. In case it matters, I’m a fairly high-level (by USTA ranking) tennis player, so I go at it pretty hard. When I was tweeting my thoughts about AirPods, I got resistance from some saying, “Aren’t they just wireless headphones?” Apple’s AirPods are “just” wireless headphones about as much as the Apple Watch is just a watch and iPhone is just a phone. Nothing makes this more apparent than the Siri experience. Siri in your ear It is remarkable how much better Apple’s Siri experience is with AirPods, in part because the microphones are much closer to your mouth and, therefore, Siri can more clearly hear and understand you. I’m not sure how many people realize how many Siri failures have to do with the distance you are from your iPhone or iPad, as well as ambient background noise and the device’s ability to clearly hear you. Thanks to the beam-forming mics and some bone-conduction technology, Siri with AirPods is about as accurate a Siri experience as I’ve had. It’s remarkable how much better Apple’s Siri experience is with AirPods. In fact, in the five days I’ve been using AirPods extensively, I have yet to have Siri not understand my request. Going further, the noise-canceling built into AirPods is impressive as well. I’ve intentionally created noisy environments to test AirPods and Siri to see how it handles loud situations. Perhaps the most intense was when I turned my home-theater system to nearly its peak volume, blasted Metallica and activated Siri. Remarkably, it caught every word and processed my request. Furthermore, having Siri right in your ear and available with just a double-tap on the side of either AirPod profoundly changes the experience. In many ways, AirPods deliver on the voice-first interface in the ways I’ve been impressed with Amazon’s Alexa. There is something to not having to look at a screen to interact with a computer, especially in a totally hands-free fashion. The AirPods bring about an experience which feels like Siri has been set free from the iPhone. This was something that enhanced the experience, but also pointed out some holes that I hope Apple addresses. Voice-first versus voice-only interfaces There is, however, an important distinction to be made where I believe the Amazon Echo shows us a bit more of the voice-only interface, and where I’d like to see Apple take Siri when it is embedded in devices without a screen, like AirPods. The more you use Siri with AirPods, you very quickly realize how much the experience today assumes that you have a screen in front of you. For example, if I use AirPods to activate Siri, and say, “What’s the latest news?” Siri will fetch the news and then say, “Here is some news — take a look.” The experience assumes I want to use my screen (or it at least assumes that I have a screen near me to look at) to read the news. Whereas the Amazon Echo and Google Home just start reading the latest news headlines and tidbits. Similarly, when I activate Siri on the AirPods and say, “Play Christmas music,” the query processes and then plays. With the Echo, the same request yields Alexa to say, “Okay, playing Christmas music from Top 50 Christmas songs.” When you aren’t looking at a screen, the feedback is important. If I was to ask that same request while I was looking at my iPhone, you realize, as Siri processes the request, it says, “Okay,” on the screen but not in my ear. In voice-only interfaces, we need and want feedback that the request is happening or has been acknowledged. Take the screen away, and things start to get really interesting. This is when new behaviors and new interactions with computers take place. Again, having Siri in your ear and the ability to have a relatively hands-free and screen-free experience broke down when you asked Siri something which required unlocking your phone. For example, one of my most common Siri interactions is to locate a family member, particularly my daughter, who takes a bus home from school that has a variable drop-off time due to traffic or student tardiness. Nearly every day, I ask Siri to locate my daughter. But, when I do so via AirPods and my phone has been off long enough to lock, it says I need to unlock my iPhone first. I hit this wall due to Apple’s security protocols, which I appreciate greatly. I wonder if, in the future, we can have a biosensor in AirPods that authenticates with me and thus gives me security clearance to process a secure request like reading email, checking on a family member or other sensitive requests without having to unlock the phone first. There were cases where Siri assumes I can look at my iPhone to deliver the request. There are certainly plenty of queries where Siri, in a voice-only experience, works — when you ask Siri to read your new emails, or set timers, appointments, ask what time a sports game is, etc. — but the sweet spot here will be when you can thoroughly use Siri and not need any screen for the full experience. I’m confident that Apple will increasingly go in this direction. Creating the Siri experience to be more than just voice-first but voice-only will be an important exercise. I strongly believe that when voice exists on a computer with a screen, it will never be the primary interaction input with that screen. Take the screen away, and things start to get really interesting. This is when new behaviors and new interactions with computers take place, and it’s what happens when you start to integrate the Amazon Echo or Google Home into your life, as both are voice-first experiences. Looking ahead There is a great deal to like about AirPods. Those who buy them and use them will be pleasantly surprised and delighted by their performance as wireless headphones, and impressed with the upside of Siri in your ear. I consider the AirPods an important new product in Apple’s lineup, and in the same category as the Apple Watch regarding importance for the future. A significant observation of both the Apple Watch and the AirPods worth pointing out: Apple has a tendency to push engineering limits at times to learn or perfect a technique it believes is important for the future, or to learn from it in order to integrate into other products. While iPads and iPhones are getting larger, the Apple Watch and AirPods are pushing the limits of miniaturization — something that is key when we start thinking about future wearables, where companies will pack tremendous amounts of technology — sensors, microprocessors, batteries and more —into extremely small objects and manufacturing them at scale is an incredibly important skill set to develop for the future. Ben Bajarin is a principal analyst at Creative Strategies Inc., an industry analysis, market intelligence and research firm located in Silicon Valley. His primary focus is consumer technology and market trend research. He is a husband, father, gadget enthusiast, trend spotter, early adopter and hobby farmer. Reach him @BenBajarin. Subscribe to Recode Newsletters Recode Daily (Top News) Events Products Go recode_divider More From Recode Doctors should think like mechanics, says Color CEO Othman Laraki Twitter’s China head says bye — adding another top exec departure to the heap as 2016 ends Courier-loving Trump claims he knows ‘things that other people don’t know’ about hacking Kevin Sessums’s reaction to Facebook’s temporary ban is, well, very pointed Recode Daily: Obama hits Russia with sanctions and expulsions for election hacking Recode and The Verge count down the 10 biggest tech stories of 2016 Trending Courier-loving Trump claims he knows ‘things that other people don’t know’ about hacking Kevin Sessums’s reaction to Facebook’s temporary ban is, well, very pointed Twitter’s China head says bye — adding another top exec departure to the heap as 2016 ends Why is there no fake news on LinkedIn? Listen to its editor explain. Doctors should think like mechanics, says Color CEO Othman Laraki More in Trending Newsletters Recode Daily Top stories of the day. Recode Event Updates Our signature events sell out quickly. Be amongst the first to know. Recode Product Updates Special series, exclusive interviews and new features. This Article has a component height of 36. The sidebar size is long. The Latest Podcasts Health Care Recode Decode, hosted by Kara Swisher Doctors should think like mechanics, says Color CEO Othman Laraki by Eric Johnson@HeyHeyESJ On the latest Recode Decode, Laraki says turning our bodies into data will change health care forever. Twitter China Comings and Goings Twitter’s China head says bye — adding another top exec departure to the heap as 2016 ends by Kara Swisher@karaswisher Kathy Chen follows others out the door of the social communications company. Politics President Trump Courier-loving Trump claims he knows ‘things that other people don’t know’ about hacking by Kara Swisher@karaswisher In yet another unproven claim, he said he will reveal all later this week. Facebook Social Politics Kevin Sessums’s reaction to Facebook’s temporary ban is, well, very pointed by Kara Swisher@karaswisher The social media site “fucked with the wrong faggot.” Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Send Us a Tip Masthead Sponsorships Podcasts Newsletters All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Subscribe Sign In Home Contact SFGate Classifieds About SFGate About SFGate FAQ SFGate Newsletters SFGate Staff Careers Site Index Hearst About The Chronicle About The Chronicle The Chronicle Staff Become a Subscriber Manage Your Subscription Customer Service Careers e-edition Back Copies Chronicle in Education Corrections Advertise with Us More on Advertising More on Advertising Place a Classified Ad About Our Ads Public Notices Local Business Directory Place an Obituary Gate List Store Privacy policy Privacy policy Ad Choices Chronicle Archives Terms of Use Newsletters Get news alerts SFGate Customer support Get VIP access with SF Chronicle Membership Get SFGate newsletters for the latest from the Bay Check out the Top 100 Bay Area restaurants Local Bay Area & State News Traffic Weather Crime Earthquakes Obituaries Video Sentencing phase to start in Charleston massacre trial Bay Area rain, Sierra snow bringing happiness — for some The best floats from the 128th annual Rose Parade Huston Smith, religion scholar with expansive interests, dies News Education Nation World Politics Cannabis Sponsored: CA Clean Energy Ogunbowale, Turner power No. 7 Irish past Georgia Tech Forest fire destroys homes in hills above Chilean port city South Texas fossil could be reptile that swam 90M years ago The Latest: Trump expected to tap Lighthizer for trade rep Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Sports Blogs Sports Calendar NFL MLB NBA College Preps Golf Outdoors Players echo Jed York: 49ers’ culture was an issue 49ers contact usual suspects McDaniels, Lynn, plus GM candidates Report: 49ers among four teams to interview Falcons’ Shanahan Denver offers Warriors reminder of how far they’ve come Business Scotland Business Opportunities Technology Mortgage Rates Home Guides Public Notices Sponsored Content The Tech Chronicles VisionSF Jobs PG&E electric bills to jump 1.4 percent in 2017 Nvidia leads S&P’s winners for 2016, drug stocks slump Nvidia stock soars on power of graphics chips Over half of Forbes' 40 richest entrepreneurs under 40 are in the A&E The Daily Dish Snow Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Blogs Events TV Horoscope Comics Crosswords & Puzzles Reno-Tahoe Things To Do Radnor’s ‘existentially restless,’ and that’s OK The latest from Dear Abby Brian Culbertson brings the funk to Napa Con Brio back in SF for New Year’s doubleheader Food Restaurants Wine Top 100 Restaurants Chronicle Wine Competition Reservations Beer News Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating Michael Bauer's Blog Local crab fishers join West Coast strike after unloading catch Mr. Bing's back in business following renovation The San Francisco beer lover's guide to New Year's Eve 2017 The biggest Bay Area restaurant and bar closures of 2016 Living Home & Garden Style Parties Lust LGBT Mommy Files & Parenting Houzz Outdoors Health Blogs Education Sponsored Schools, Camps & Activities Cannabis Our favorite Instagram photos of the week - Dec. 30, 2016 US considers mining limits in West to save sage grouse Readers' family holiday cards gone wrong Travel Destination BC Whistler Monterey-Carmel Weekend Getaways Wine Country Napa Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Exotic Destinations Snow Chris McGinnis' Travel Tips Travel Troubleshooter: Expedia’s check is ‘in the mail’? Rick Steves: Solo trip doesn’t have to mean alone Peranakan enclaves a surprising side of glitzy Singapore Travel Books: National Geographic tracks world’s wild beauty Real Estate New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Place an ad Home Guides Home Sales On the Block Blog Berkeley home once owned by Admiral Nimitz for sale at $1,995,000 Second-home fantasies? Best Bay Area beach homes to sell in 2016 SF rents finally drop, while Sacramento and Stockton skyrocket Bountiful bonuses in Alameda bungalow Cars Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Al's Road to the Big Game Sell Your Car Sporty hatchback joins Honda Civic family 1998 Ford Mustang GT 2017 Chevrolet Silverado 1500 New dubious distinction for California's terrible drivers Jobs Job Events Advertise Salary Wizard Get To Work Keep these job search habits in 2017 Choose appropiate gifts for job seekers Hurry up and wait Stay motivated at work during the holidays Classifieds Chronicle Latest columns Michael Bauer Leah Garchik Bruce Jenkins Esther Mobley Ann Killion Otis R. Taylor Jr. Thomas Lee Matier & Ross Heather Knight Kathleen Pender Scott Ostler Special Report: Forgotten Survivors of AIDS Rising reality: Managing rising sea levels Beyond Homelessness: Tackling SF's epidemic Michael Bauer's Top 100 Restaurants MenuSections http://www.sfgate.com/business/article/Apple-appeals-EU-order-to-collect-14-billion-in-10806994.php Apple appeals EU order to collect $14 billion in back taxes Associated Press Published 3:30 pm, Monday, December 19, 2016 Apple is appealing a European Union order to collect a record $14 billion in back taxes based on the way it reports European-wide profits through Ireland. The move follows a similar appeal Sunday by Ireland. Ireland charges the Cupertino company only for sales within Ireland. EU Competition Commissioner Margrethe Vestager said the arrangement let Apple use two shell companies incorporated in Ireland to report its Europe-wide profits at effective rates well under 1 percent. Apple said Monday that the EU took “unilateral action and retroactively changed the rules, disregarding decades of Irish tax law, U.S. tax law as well as global consensus on tax policy.” “If their opinion is allowed to stand, Apple would pay 40 percent of all the corporate income tax collected in Ireland, which is unprecedented and, far from leveling the playing field, selectively targets Apple,” Apple said. “This has no basis in fact or law and we’re confident the ruling will be overturned.” Apple says it has a worldwide income tax rate of around 26 percent. The Irish and Apple appeals set the stage for a titanic legal battle that has implications for more than 600 U.S. multinationals based in Ireland and thousands more using tax-avoidance vehicles globally. The EU’s Department of Finance has pledged to close rules permitting shell companies, though global companies could avoid that obstacle by shifting the same accounting strategies to other countries beyond the EU’s wrath. Latest from the SFGATE homepage: Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. THE LATEST Trump unhappy about CNN’s cover photo choice Bay Area peaks get rare dusting of snow SFO-bound flight grounded due to alleged racist rant Warmer waters have more dolphins turning up in Bay Historic SF parental leave law kicks in Bay Area rain, Sierra snow for foreseeable future Pit bull attacks family for dressing it in sweater Suit: Ranch owner asked chef for 'black people food' Bay Area cities prepare for 60 days without Hetch Hetchy supply Yosemite announces biggest expansion in decades Suit calling for draining Hetch Hetchy dismissed 49ers' CEO Jed York transcript: ‘You don’t dismiss owners’ Players echo Jed York: 49ers’ culture was an issue From Uber to dogs: New Calif. laws going into effect in 2017 New French law: Workers can ignore emails after work Singer agrees to perform at Trump inauguration on one condition Mormon Tabernacle Choir singer quits over Trump TODAY'S TOP PICKS The best floats from the 128th annual Rose Parade Hilarious NFL memes for Week 17: Local teams get razzed Woman shares 'ugly' 'reality of extreme weight-loss' SFGATE'S BEST DEALS Sponsored This Rogue One box of collectibles is perfect for any Star... Save hundreds on this luxurious ‘Game of Thrones’-inspired... Most Popular 1 British singer agrees to perform at Trump inauguration on one... 2 SFO-bound flight grounded due to unruly passenger's alleged... 3 Bay Area cities prepare for 60 days without Hetch Hetchy supply 4 Bay Area peaks get rare dusting of snow 5 49ers’ Jed York transcript: ‘You don’t dismiss owners’ 6 Dog named Scarface attacks family for dressing it in sweater 7 Photos: Woman loses 193 pounds, shares 'ugly' 'reality of... 8 From Uber to orcas: New California laws going into effect in 2017 9 Historic SF parental leave law kicks in 10 Players echo Jed York: 49ers’ culture was an issue THE CHRONICLE'S VISIONSF Inspiring Leadership with Purpose Learn about visionary Bay Area business leaders who strive to make the world a better place. View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Sign up for Email Alerts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe SFChronicle.com App e-edition The Chronicle Archives Subscription Offers Store Subscriber Services Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Communications, Inc.
Menu Search Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS More Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS Got a tip? Let us know. News Channels Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Topics All Galleries All Timelines Video Shows Apps News Crunch Report Disrupt London Gadgets Reviews Interviews TC Features All Shows All Videos Events TechCrunch Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store News About Mobile World Congress CES All Events Crunchbase Trending Tesla Google Facebook News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Message Us Search TechCrunch Search TechCrunch Search Search × Hi! You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you. Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot. Thanks, TC Team 10th Annual Crunchies AwardsDon't Miss The Tech Awards Show Of The Year Get Your Tickets Today Steve Jobs Apple’s new Intel driven MacBook Pros have a secondary ARM processor that runs Touch ID and security Why Apple’s MacBook Touch Bar was the right thing to do Get ready for a me-too CES Browse more... MacBook Phil Schiller says Apple is working with Consumer Reports in wake of MacBook Pro battery issues The best things you can do with the MacBook Pro’s Touch Bar right now Apple looks ahead with the new MacBook Pro Browse more... imac Where to watch the live stream for today’s Apple MacBook Pro press conference Updates to Apple hardware this year will focus on power users Apple Updates The iMac With Ultra HD Screens Browse more... computing Toymakers are the early adopters pushing AR into the mainstream No Signal: Egypt blocks the encrypted messaging app as it continues its cyber crackdown The new Barnes & Noble Nooks come with free malware Browse more... apple inc iStockNow tells you which Apple Stores have AirPods in stock right now Tim Cook explains to Apple employees why he met with President-elect Trump The Das Keyboard Prime 13 brings the gaming keyboard to the board room Browse more... Apple’s Tim Cook assures employees that it is committed to the Mac and that ‘great desktops’ are coming Posted Dec 19, 2016 by Matthew Panzarino (@panzer) 0 SHARES Next Story Samsung’s Gear S3 goes a little too big One of the memes to come out of the somewhat contentious rollout of the MacBook Pro is that Apple has given up on the desktop Mac. Given the slower upgrade cycle of desktops and how well my Retina 5K iMac is holding up, it took me a while to pay attention to what was going on there — until it had reached a fever pitch. The consensus was that Apple is no longer interested in keeping up its desktop business because the portable market was eating it alive. In a posting to an employee message board, CEO Tim Cook seems intent on putting that particular branch of discussion to bed. “Some folks in the media have raised the question about whether we’re committed to desktops,” Cook wrote. “If there’s any doubt about that with our teams, let me be very clear: we have great desktops in our roadmap. Nobody should worry about that.” Cook cites the far better performance of desktop computers, including screen sizes, memory, storage and more variety in I/O (ha) as a reason that they are “really important, and in some cases critical, to people.” So no matter how you feel about the state of the Mac at the moment, you have new machines to look forward to. No mention of whether that meant iMac or Mac Pro or both, but at the very least it’s encouraging to those of us who couldn’t live without a desktop computer. Also posted to the message board was a section on what Cook thinks is Apple’s greatest differentiating factor, which I found particularly interesting. Though the Mac statements may be the news hook here, hence the headline, there are some interesting things in this section to pull apart, as well. He’s responding to the following question: What do you consider to be Apple’s biggest differentiator, and what can employees do to foster and advance those efforts? He first says that the people and culture are the foundation, which in itself is really not that revelatory; every tech CEO says that. “Our greatest differentiator is our culture and our people. They are the foundation by which everything else comes about. Without great people and a great environment that people can live in, we wouldn’t have intellectual property. We wouldn’t have the best products. We wouldn’t have the inventions or features I mentioned earlier,” Cook responds. “I think it’s that ‘change the world’ attitude and boldness that’s deeply embedded in our culture, that ‘good isn’t good enough.’ All of this is the fuel for everything else that we do.” This kind of thinking in its culture is often cited by Apple executives and ex-employees as a truism. Apple pushes. That doesn’t always (ever) result in perfection but it does result in truly impressive results from time to time, like the recent AirPods, which are an incredible weaving together of Apple’s hardware and software teams to produce something that works so much better than what came before it’s laughable. Cook also re-emphasizes this commonly stated stance in the posting. “From a strategic point of view, we also focus on things where software, hardware and services all come together and bring out the magic that only Apple can,” he says. “That’s our secret sauce. It shows up in a lot of different places, and it’s something that we look for in new employees.” But what comes after is probably the most interesting. He says this: You can rarely see precisely where you want to go from the beginning. In retrospect, it’s always written like that. But it’s rarely like that. The fantastic thing about Apple employees is they get excited about something, and they want to know how it works. What it will do. What its capabilities are. If they want to know about something in an entirely different industry, they start pulling the string and see where it takes them. They’re focused more on the journey, which enables so many great things to happen.  Just in the past couple years, pulling that string on Watch and fitness led to ResearchKit, and ResearchKit led to CareKit. We’ve got a ton of things on our roadmap that I can’t talk about, but that I’m incredibly excited about, that are the result of pulling that string and not being bound by the box that so many people in life get bound by.  No company on the planet is willing to go as far as Apple to find out whether there is a there, there. The Apple Watch launched with so many features because Apple was willing to let it define its own role as determined by customers. It was probably the world’s most expensive focus group. And it managed to do that while still providing a genuinely useful tool right out of the gate. His conclusion drives that point home. “With so many things that we’ve done, we don’t do it because there’s a return on investment. We don’t do it because we know exactly how we’re going to use it. We do it because it’s clear it’s interesting and it might lead somewhere. A lot of the time it doesn’t, but many times it leads us somewhere where we had no idea in the beginning.”  I think this is an often overlooked cultural strength at Apple. A willingness to devote extra-ordinary resources, time and attention to a problem or piece of technical research because there is a feeling that it may lead somewhere — eventually. All too often technology companies are obsessed with the goal. The end result. And everything is bent into service of achieving that goal. This methodology is not ineffective, but it is short-sighted. You may be able to get the result that you wanted by driving hard toward that goal, but you’re never going to recognize the better, potentially more rewarding result you didn’t expect. You’ll never see it because any branch that leads you to such a potentiality would have gotten killed off as a distraction or failure before it had time to bear fruit. Anyway, this isn’t a philosophical screed, it’s internal PR, but it rings true with the company’s public actions and what I know of its internal culture. Interesting stuff. In the same Apple Web posting, Cook also talked about why he chose to go to the meting with President-elect Trump last week, and you can read about that here. The full postings are below: We had a big MacBook Pro launch in October and a powerful upgrade to the MacBook back in the spring. Are Mac desktops strategic for us? The desktop is very strategic for us. It’s unique compared to the notebook because you can pack a lot more performance in a desktop — the largest screens, the most memory and storage, a greater variety of I/O, and fastest performance. So there are many different reasons why desktops are really important, and in some cases critical, to people. The current generation iMac is the best desktop we have ever made and its beautiful Retina 5K display is the best desktop display in the world.  Some folks in the media have raised the question about whether we’re committed to desktops. If there’s any doubt about that with our teams, let me be very clear: we have great desktops in our roadmap. Nobody should worry about that. What do you consider to be Apple’s biggest differentiator, and what can employees do to foster and advance those efforts?  Our greatest differentiator is our culture and our people. They are the foundation by which everything else comes about. Without great people and a great environment that people can live in, we wouldn’t have intellectual property. We wouldn’t have the best products. We wouldn’t have the inventions or features I mentioned earlier.  I think it’s that “change the world” attitude and boldness that’s deeply embedded in our culture, that “good isn’t good enough.” All of this is the fuel for everything else that we do.  From a strategic point of view, we also focus on things where software, hardware and services all come together and bring out the magic that only Apple can. That’s our secret sauce. It shows up in a lot of different places, and it’s something that we look for in new employees.  You can rarely see precisely where you want to go from the beginning. In retrospect, it’s always written like that. But it’s rarely like that. The fantastic thing about Apple employees is they get excited about something, and they want to know how it works. What it will do. What its capabilities are. If they want to know about something in an entirely different industry, they start pulling the string and see where it takes them. They’re focused more on the journey, which enables so many great things to happen.  Just in the past couple years, pulling that string on Watch and fitness led to ResearchKit, and ResearchKit led to CareKit. We’ve got a ton of things on our roadmap that I can’t talk about, but that I’m incredibly excited about, that are the result of pulling that string and not being bound by the box that so many people in life get bound by.  With so many things that we’ve done, we don’t do it because there’s an return on investment. We don’t do it because we know exactly how we’re going to use it. We do it because it’s clear it’s interesting and it might lead somewhere. A lot of the time it doesn’t, but many times it leads us somewhere where we had no idea in the beginning.  0 SHARES Advertisement Advertisement Crunchbase Apple Founded 1976 Overview Apple is a multinational corporation that designs, manufactures, and markets mobile communication and media devices, personal computers, portable digital music players, and sells a variety of related software, services, peripherals, networking solutions, and third-party digital content and applications. Apple provides many products and services, including iPhone; iPad; iPod; Mac; Apple TV; a portfolio … Location Cupertino, CA Categories Consumer Electronics, Retail, Hardware, Software, Electronics Website http://www.apple.com Full profile for Apple Tim Cook Bio Timothy Cook is Apple's CEO. He took over from Steve Jobs on 25 August 2011. In his previous position as COO, Cook was responsible for all of the company's worldwide sales and operations, including end-to-end management of Apple's supply chain, sales activities, and service and support in all markets and countries. He also headed Apple's Macintosh division and played a key role in the continued … Full profile for Tim Cook Newsletter Subscriptions The Daily Crunch Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox TC Weekly Roundup Get a weekly recap of the biggest tech stories Crunchbase Daily The latest startup funding announcements Enter Address Subscribe SEE ALL NEWSLETTERS » Latest Crunch Report Happy New Year from Crunch Report! Watch More Episodes MacBook imac computing apple inc Steve Jobs Popular Posts Featured Stories Fiat Chrysler and Google team on Android in-car tech 12 hours ago | Darrell Etherington SpaceX targets January 8 launch as explosion investigation ends 12 hours ago | Darrell Etherington Tesla begins rolling out much-anticipated Autopilot update for its newest cars 17 hours ago | Jon Russell WTF is a VPN 23 hours ago | Romain Dillet Latest From TechCrunch Museums, startups and accelerators… oh, my! 5 hours ago | Brendan Ciecko How to dive into that New Year’s Resolution to get started with VR 8 hours ago | Darrell Etherington Some tweaks to build employee loyalty 9 hours ago | Daniel Zimmermann CES welcomes 2017 with gadgets galore: It’s The Daily Crunch 9 hours ago | Darrell Etherington Comment moderation powered by Up Next Samsung’s Gear S3 goes a little too big Posted Dec 19, 2016 CrunchBoard Job Listings Graphic/Website Designer for Nonprofits at Media Cause (San Francisco, CA, United States) Marketing / SEO Coordinator at Soundsnap (Brooklyn, NY, United States) Lead Software Engineer at WAZER (Rockland County, NY, United States) Product Manager at Tulē at Tulē (San Francisco, CA, United States) Software Engineer II at LSI (Jacksonville, FL, United States) More from CrunchBoard Advertisement TechCrunch News Video Events Crunchbase TechCrunch Store About Staff Contact Us Advertise With Us Event & Editorial Calendar Send Us A Tip International China Europe Japan Follow TechCrunch Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Youtube Pinterest Tumblr Instagram StumbleUpon Feed TechCrunch Apps iOS Android Windows 8 Subscribe to The Daily Crunch Latest headlines delivered to you daily Subscribe to <span class="no-mobile">Subscribe to </span>The Daily Crunch Enter Email Address Subscribe © 2013-2017 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Aol Tech Privacy Policy About Our Ads Anti Harassment Policy Terms of Service Powered by WordPress.com VIP Fonts by News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Galleries All Timelines Videos Apps News Crunch Report Disrupt London All Shows All Videos Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store All Events Crunchbase Message Us Most Popular WTF is a VPN 23 hours ago by Romain Dillet Tesla begins rolling out much-anticipated Autopilot update for its newest cars 17 hours ago by Jon Russell Twitter’s controversial head of China is the latest exec to leave the company 21 hours ago by Jon Russell No cobalt, no Tesla? yesterday by Sebastien Gandon Why the largest insurance companies are pouring into Silicon Valley yesterday by Ali Safavi Fiat Chrysler and Google team on Android in-car tech 12 hours ago by Darrell Etherington How to dive into that New Year’s Resolution to get started with VR 8 hours ago by Darrell Etherington
null
Menu Search Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS More Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS Got a tip? Let us know. News Channels Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Topics All Galleries All Timelines Video Shows Apps News Crunch Report Disrupt London Gadgets Reviews Interviews TC Features All Shows All Videos Events TechCrunch Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store News About Mobile World Congress CES All Events Crunchbase Trending Tesla Google Facebook News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Message Us Search TechCrunch Search TechCrunch Search Search × Hi! You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you. Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot. Thanks, TC Team 10th Annual Crunchies AwardsDon't Miss The Tech Awards Show Of The Year Get Your Tickets Today Gadgets How to dive into that New Year’s Resolution to get started with VR Reverse-engineering the universal translator Toymakers are the early adopters pushing AR into the mainstream Browse more... smartwatches Misfit shoots for simple with the Phase hybrid smartwatch U.S. wearables market is doing much worse than expected Google picks up the team behind an Alexa-powered smartwatch for Android Wear Browse more... Samsung’s Gear S3 goes a little too big Posted Dec 19, 2016 by Brian Heater (@bheater) 0 SHARES Next Story NASA tech could track firefighters where GPS can’t reach Samsung’s never shied away from going big. Big phones, big TVs, big watches. In fact, that was one of the defining characteristics for the first few generations of the Gear line, the first few of which were really more wrist-worn tablet than smartwatch. Things thankfully mellowed out a bit last year with the introduction of the S2, a more minimalist approach to wrist-worn computing that married clever functionality with a refined OS and a design that actually looked like an honest to goodness watch. But 2016 marked a return to big. Samsung was all about pushing things close to the breaking point this year, and in at least one notable instance, well beyond. The Gear S3 marks a return to big. As ever, the company’s jam-packed the watch with features — which might feel like they were overflowing were the watch not so darn big in the first place. In many ways, the new watch feels like the Galaxy Note strategy applied to the wrist — albeit without all of the baggage that has recently become associated with that line. Big time This really needs to be mentioned right off the bat — there’s really no way around it — the S3 is really, really big. Really, really. Sure, it’s not quite Galaxy Gear huge, but it’s distractingly big. I’m roughly six feet tall and possess what I assume to be average-sized wrists for a male individual of my height, and the Gear S3 still felt big. Just for the sake of conversation, I asked two 5’4″ coworkers to try it on, and the wearable looked downright comical. When the device first launched at IFA, I asked a rep about the thought process behind releasing such a large watch, and he chalked it up to fashion, citing the popularity of 42mm watches. Perhaps, but coupled with the added case depth required for a smartwatch’s electronics and battery, and you’ve got a device that could serve to cut out a large portion of the populace by size alone. The S3 weighs in at 63 grams, owing in no small part to its stainless steel casing. That’s around 13 grams heavier than the new Apple watch (which was itself heavier than its predecessor). And at 12.9 millimeters thick, it’s not really made for wearing with long sleeves. My sweater managed to pull over it (albeit with a visible bump), but my button-up shirt had a bit more trouble making it over. And forget trying to sleep with the thing on. It’s hard to understand why the company didn’t, at the very least, offer the watch in two different sizes. After all, it’s available in two different configurations. As such, Samsung has alienated all but a small sliver of the smartwatch-buying audience. Big wheel keep on turning The S3 Frontier also marks an aesthetic departure from its predecessor, with a steel case that takes on a more classic design that its sporty (some might have said “plasticky”) predecessor. It’s certainly a classier and more versatile look than many other smartwatches and fitness bands. With the right band, it can fit in comfortably in, say, an office setting, which isn’t something that can be said for many of the neon colored wearables out there. The rubber strap that ships with the Frontier version is a marked step down from the design of the watch itself. It’s designed to play alongside the watch’s rugged focus, lending itself to outdoor excursions and sweat-addled workouts. Of course, the upside of the standardized 22mm strap is that you’ll never want for options on that front. Samsung actually teamed with a pair of designers to create bands specifically for the watch — but save yourself some cash and just pick up a regular old strap. The S2’s best feature has, thankfully returned. And it’s even better than before. The rotating bezel was a terrific addition to that last device. At 1.3 inches, the display isn’t super small, so far as smartwatches go, but as with Apple’s offering, additional input is needed for quickly moving through screens. The wheel does the job fantastically and even more intuitively than Apple’s option. This steel version is smooth, zipping through menus, though the small articulation gap between bezel case is a bit of a magnet for lint and other small particles that could require the occasional blast of canned air for maintenance. The watch does sport a pair of buttons, as well — back and power — which sit fairly flush with the watch casing. Saving face The 1.3-inch display is a touch larger than the S2’s, but still doesn’t cover the same ground as the Apple Watch’s 1.65. At 278ppi, it’s also a bit less pixel dense, but it’s plenty bright and sharp. Samsung’s Tizen icons are clear and bright, even in daylight. The device features an Always On mode, to make it function more like an analog watch, though that’s turned off by default and hidden under the Style menu in settings, for reasons the battery-life warning make clear. That’s packed behind the latest version of Gorilla Glass, making the watch shatter and scratch resistant. That, coupled with a big steel frame, makes for an extremely rugged wearable. It’s listed as MIL-STD-810G Military Grade Rating, which protects it from drops up to 4.9 feet and IP68, which puts its water rating at up to five feet for 30 minutes. It’s also protected from extreme temperatures, making the Frontier every bit as rugged as its name implies. Wearable hardware The battery has been upgraded to 380 mAh, a marked bump over the Apple Watch’s 273 mAh. The company rates life at around three days, but I was able to get closer to two days with Always On mode off — owing likely in no small part to the onboard LTE on the Frontier. You’ll find yourself charging it less often than the Apple Watch, but you’re still not getting near fitness band territory here. The LTE is a great option, the usefulness of which depends entirely upon how you interact with your watch. If you have your phone on you all or most of the time, it’s probably not worth the added cost, which breaks down to an extra $10 a month in addition to an existing data plan or $40 for a brand new one on AT&T. If, however, you’re looking to the wrist as a temporary liberation from the watch for, say, long cross-country runs, it’s a terrific feature. Either way, it’s a solid addition to the smartwatch that seemingly already has everything, delivering quick data directly to the watch without needing to be tethered to a handset at all times. And there’s always the bonus ability of using the built-in speaker to make wrist-based phone calls, finally fulfilling the long-awaited Dick Tracy promise. The S3 also brings built-in GPS to the watch (previously only available on the specialty 3G version of the S2), another big bonus for the wearable’s outdoorsy functionality, and brings a lot to the table on the fitness tracking front, particularly for hikers and runners who like to go long distance. Tizen time Among other things, Samsung’s got the decided benefit of several generations of smartwatches under its belt. The company switched from Android to Tizen between the Galaxy Gear and Gear 2, and really hit its stride with last year’s S2. The software experience is smooth and customizable — holding down on an icon, for instance, lets you customize and re-order screens. The app selection is still limited compared to the competition, but you’ve got some key ones here, including Uber and Flipboard, along with the recent (and important) addition of Spotify. You can add a select number of apps directly onto the watch or flip over to the phone to view more and get the full app store experience. For the most part, I found my engagements limited to Samsung’s own apps; the company has done a good job building up its own ecosystem. The company’s S Health has become quite robust over the last few generations, making the most of onboard sensors like GPS and heart rate, and Samsung Pay brings added utility of paying by scanning your wrist near a card reader. Final Frontier Samsung’s had a few generations more than much of its competition to refine its smartwatch experience. Last year the company finally hit upon a winning formula with the S2, a great combination of design, functionality and software refinement. And while the S2 is getting a good number of software upgrades to bring it up to speed, the $350  S3 Frontier offers some key hardware bumps over its predecessor. Those largely feel iterative, but welcome. The new size, on the other hand, is a big misfire for Samsung. The smartwatch space is already a marginalized one, and making a massive device like the S3 further restricts the product from too many wrists. 0 SHARES Advertisement Advertisement Crunchbase Samsung Electronics Founded 1969 Overview Samsung Electronics is a South Korean multinational electronics company engaged in consumer electronics, information technology and mobile communications, and device solutions businesses worldwide. The company develops, manufactures, and sells various consumer products, including mobile phones, tablets, televisions, Blu-ray players, DVD players, home theater systems, digital cameras, and camcorders; … Location Suwon, 17 Categories Medical Device, Hardware, Software, Electronics Website http://www.samsung.com/us Full profile for Samsung Electronics Newsletter Subscriptions The Daily Crunch Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox TC Weekly Roundup Get a weekly recap of the biggest tech stories Crunchbase Daily The latest startup funding announcements Enter Address Subscribe SEE ALL NEWSLETTERS » Latest Crunch Report Happy New Year from Crunch Report! Watch More Episodes smartwatches Gadgets Popular Posts Featured Stories Fiat Chrysler and Google team on Android in-car tech 12 hours ago | Darrell Etherington SpaceX targets January 8 launch as explosion investigation ends 12 hours ago | Darrell Etherington Tesla begins rolling out much-anticipated Autopilot update for its newest cars 17 hours ago | Jon Russell WTF is a VPN 23 hours ago | Romain Dillet Latest From Gadgets How to dive into that New Year’s Resolution to get started with VR 8 hours ago | Darrell Etherington Reverse-engineering the universal translator Dec 31, 2016 | Vadim Berman Toymakers are the early adopters pushing AR into the mainstream Dec 31, 2016 | Amir-Esmaeil Bozorgzadeh IoT redux… this time, it’s personal Dec 28, 2016 | Jim Hunter Comment moderation powered by Up Next NASA tech could track firefighters where GPS can’t reach Posted Dec 19, 2016 CrunchBoard Job Listings Graphic/Website Designer for Nonprofits at Media Cause (San Francisco, CA, United States) Marketing / SEO Coordinator at Soundsnap (Brooklyn, NY, United States) Lead Software Engineer at WAZER (Rockland County, NY, United States) Product Manager at Tulē at Tulē (San Francisco, CA, United States) Software Engineer II at LSI (Jacksonville, FL, United States) More from CrunchBoard Advertisement TechCrunch News Video Events Crunchbase TechCrunch Store About Staff Contact Us Advertise With Us Event & Editorial Calendar Send Us A Tip International China Europe Japan Follow TechCrunch Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Youtube Pinterest Tumblr Instagram StumbleUpon Feed TechCrunch Apps iOS Android Windows 8 Subscribe to The Daily Crunch Latest headlines delivered to you daily Subscribe to <span class="no-mobile">Subscribe to </span>The Daily Crunch Enter Email Address Subscribe © 2013-2017 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Aol Tech Privacy Policy About Our Ads Anti Harassment Policy Terms of Service Powered by WordPress.com VIP Fonts by News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Galleries All Timelines Videos Apps News Crunch Report Disrupt London All Shows All Videos Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store All Events Crunchbase Message Us Most Popular WTF is a VPN 23 hours ago by Romain Dillet Tesla begins rolling out much-anticipated Autopilot update for its newest cars 17 hours ago by Jon Russell Twitter’s controversial head of China is the latest exec to leave the company 21 hours ago by Jon Russell No cobalt, no Tesla? yesterday by Sebastien Gandon Why the largest insurance companies are pouring into Silicon Valley yesterday by Ali Safavi Fiat Chrysler and Google team on Android in-car tech 12 hours ago by Darrell Etherington How to dive into that New Year’s Resolution to get started with VR 8 hours ago by Darrell Etherington
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Apple in 2017: What’s next for Mac, iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch & Apple TV this year Trending in Apple Apple Watch, New Year’s resolutions, and losing 50 pounds Trending in Reviews Hands-on: LG Apple-endorsed 5K Display – an UltraFine choice for MacBook Pro owners? [Video] Trending in Apple Review: Nanoleaf’s Aurora smart lighting panels match modular customization with HomeKit control [Video] Trending in Apple iPhone 8: Everything we currently know about Apple’s 10th anniversary flagship Trending in Apple Comment: Apple continues to explore bringing the Digital Crown to iPhones & iPads, and I still like the idea December 9, 2014 Apple and Amazon refuse to make full federal workforce diversity data public Ben Lovejoy - 2 years ago @benlovejoy AAPL Company Google Apple Inc Microsoft Facebook From Apple's diversity microsite Comments (7) Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Although Apple published its own employee diversity report back in August, USA Today reports that the company has refused to make public the full data from its federal diversity filing. While companies are required to file this information annually in a form known as EEO-1, they are not legally obliged to make the data public. Facebook, eBay, Google, Yahoo and LinkedIn are among the technology companies that have made public their EEO-1s […] Chief among the companies that decided not to disclose their EEO-1s were Microsoft, Twitter, Apple and Amazon. When USA Today pressed the matter, Twitter released its filing and Microsoft agreed to do so by the end of the month, but Apple and Amazon did not respond …  Stanford fellow Vivek Wadhwa, author of Innovating Women: The Changing Face of Technology, said that the companies have a responsibility to be accountable to the public for their hiring practices. This refusal shows that they have something to hide. If they didn’t have anything to hide, they would come clean. While Apple has not commented on the reason for its refusal, the piece notes that technology companies are critical of the EEO-1 form, complaining that its job classifications are a poor match for the tech industry. Intel’s chief diversity officer Rosalind Hudnell acknowledges this, but says that it is the best available measure at present. “I hope everyone eventually shares their EEO-1s,” Hudnell said. “If we are going to commit as an industry to drive improvement in a collective fashion, we cannot do it with inconsistent data.” Tim Cook has stated that he is not satisfied with Apple’s current diversity numbers, which show that Apple’s US workforce is 70% male and 55% white, and has a number of initiatives designed to address the issue. One of these is a number of $10k Inclusion and Diversity Scholarships for minorities in tech, another a film designed to emphasise the company’s commitment to diversity. Tim Cook spoke of racial equality and gay rights in a speech in Alabama, and of course officially came out as gay shortly afterwards. Guides AAPL Company Breaking news from Cupertino. We’ll give you the latest from Apple headquarters and decipher fact from fiction from the rumor mill. View THe Guide Google View THe Guide Apple Inc View THe Guide Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Please log in using one of these methods to post your comment: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. markbyrn (@markbyrn) - 2 years ago Reply Does not respond does not mean refuse and perhaps Apple wasn’t interested in participating in a USA Today hit piece (damned if you do, damned if you don’t). The title should be Apple doesn’t respond to USA Today request. In that vein, I wonder if USA Today will ask the NBA why the players don’t seem to reflect racial in terms of percentages; I always figured they’re hiring the best players for the job as opposed to favoring one race. Maybe Apple does the same? LikeLiked by 1 person Dean Har - 2 years ago Reply If you’re trying to make a good case against diversity, you probably should stay far away from athletics. If the wealthy wanted to dominate the NBA, know that they very well could. There aren’t many whites in the NBA simply because basketball typically isn’t the sport white parents want to pay for their kids to learn. But when you look at sports that require expensive equipment and coaching, you’ll find that the wealthy always dominate. That’s why Serena and Venus Williams (tennis) and Gabby Douglas (gymnastics) are such a big deal. Most families in their financial position don’t have the time or luxury to deal with the exorbitant costs of coaching, training, and traveling nor do they have the patience to deal with the financial and racial discrimination that comes along as a package deal. That’s actually the reason why Serena and Venus’s father stopped sending them to tournaments when they were kids. The racial discrimination, sadly from the parents (and most likely the kids as well), was too much for them to handle and ultimately not worth their time. LikeLiked by 2 people Cai Copley - 2 years ago Reply Why does it matter? Why should productivity be sacrificed for the “ideal” of “diversity”? What ever happened to the idea of “best person for the job”? LikeLiked by 1 person gen0music - 2 years ago Reply What happened was you guys spent 300 years building the place using the best people for the job: slaves. Then you didn’t pay the African Americans back for what they built and worked because you couldn’t afford to if you wanted to. 50 years after you freed them, you’re already moaning about having to have them around? Look, smart black people actually aren’t that hard to find. Neither are dumb ones, but the difference is that it’s very hard to reward someone who works hard and get’s educated despite being pretty much forced to go to a lower performing school, and a lower performing college, and then is seen as “not the best person for the job” because he is not the closest to hand, lives in a bad area, is competing with people who went to a better school, or a host of other reasons that are either beyond his control or make him have to work disproportionately harder than his white peers to achieve the same thing. Today, the US segregates every race to their own area so that there are black schools and black colleges, black cities and black counties, all without breaking your own anti-racism laws. Yet you still have 80% of the wealth held by one race, and 25% of the other race are below the poverty line. I once told my boss about a (fictional) great IT admin born, raised and living in Compton who just needed a job to get out, and he almost laughed at the idea it was even possible. That’s why Affirmative Action exists. LikeLike sardonick - 1 year ago What a nice apologist answer. Bollocks. And for every “you people” there’s plenty of you people too. LikeLike sardonick - 1 year ago Reply Diversity. Tokens for the media. Worry more about “qualified” and less about “diverse”. LikeLike gen0music - 2 weeks ago Reply Stop disallowing the skilled colored people from getting school places over less qualified white people and we might be able to talk. Until then I will still be an unqualified IT nerd that can code 3 different languages and cold-room reverse engineer a device driver to rewrite for a different OS, but can’t hand you a shiny piece of paper. Shiny pieces of paper cost money, not skills. LikeLike Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Jan 02, 9:58 PM EST Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology Apple EU Tax Ruling: Ireland Appeals Requirement To Collect Nearly $13.5 Billion In Taxes By AJ Dellinger On 12/19/16 AT 5:54 PM Close Months after the European Union (EU) leveled Apple with a fine for unpaid taxes, the country that has become the iPhone maker’s overseas tax shelter is pushing back against a requirement to collect taxes from Apple, according to a report from the Guardian. Ireland’s finance department announced on Monday it would appeal the order from the EU to collect up to €13 billion (about $13.5 billion) in taxes from Apple. In its rebuke of the order, the government of Ireland accused the EU of overstepping its boundaries and seeking to violate the country’s sovereignty. The response comes several months after the EU issued its fine against Apple. European Commissioner for Competition Margrethe Vestager said at the time Ireland had “granted illegal tax benefits to Apple, which enabled it to pay substantially less tax than other businesses over many years.” Related Stories Apple Tax Decision Is Clearly Based On Facts, Rules: EU Apple Tax Holiday Plea Rejected By White House Apple disagreed with the conclusion of the commissioner, arguing it “follows the law and pays all of the taxes we owe wherever we operate” and vowed to appeal. The entire issue at hand stems from Ireland’s extremely favorable corporate tax. The country levies a 12.5 percent tax on corporations, compared to a 35 percent corporate tax in the United States. Apple cut a deal with the country to take an even more generous deal in exchange for headquartering the European branch of its company in the country. The agreement allows Apple to sell its products with a tax of lower than one percent. Because Apple completes its sales throughout Europe through its Ireland headquarters most of its sales in the region are barely taxed, generating huge profits for the company. Apple is the largest private employer in Cork, Ireland’s second-largest city. According to the Guardia n, economists estimate Apple’s operations in the country generate around €19 billion annually in salaries, taxes and investment. Join the Discussion Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Business Samsung To Release Note 7 Probe Results Soon The South Korean company will reportedly make public the results of its investigation into the Note 7 battery fiasco before the end of January. Technology HTC Ocean Note Will Be Called U Ultra The HTC U Ultra is said to come with a 6-inch display and will be revealed on Jan. 12. World American Survived Istanbul Attack By 'Playing Dead' William Jacob Raak took a bullet and remained in place as a rampage went on around him. National Lake Erie Plane Crash Victim Was College Student Megan Casey was returning home with her family after seeing an NBA game when the plane she was flying in disappeared. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Home Lifestyle Astro Guide Culture Faith Fashion Food Health Young Life Community News Global South Asia Local National Columnists Health Legal Video Photo Gallery Events Community Events Contact About Us Contact form Subscribe Submit News and Pictures Classifieds – Main Browse Ads Edit Classified Book Classified Advertise Indian rupee window closes as Modi eyes key poll Putin refuses to expel US diplomats, Trump applauds Trump aide Conway dismisses US sanctions against Russia Namadwaar Houston presents mesmerizing Bhakti Sugandham Home » News » Global » Apple appeals landmark EU tax ruling Apple appeals landmark EU tax ruling Apple on Monday launched a legal challenge against a landmark EU decision that the tech giant pay billions in back-taxes to Ireland, claiming the EU has ignored the law. The European Commission, the EU executive arm, in August ordered iPhone maker Apple to reimburse a record 13 billion euros ($14 billion) in unpaid taxes in Ireland. The EU, led by its competition chief Margrethe Vestager, accused Ireland of giving Apple a secret tax deal that allowed the iPhone maker to enjoy near zero tax on its huge sales worldwide for more than a decade. The deal was in breach of the EU’s state aid rules, argued Vestager, a former Danish finance minister who has made clamping down on tax deals a priority. “It’s been clear since the start of this case there was a pre-determined outcome,” a spokeswoman for Apple told AFP, confirming the appeal. “The Commission took unilateral action and retroactively changed the rules, disregarding decades of Irish tax law, US tax law, as well as global consensus on tax policy, that everyone has relied on,” she added. The appeal, lodged at an EU court in Luxembourg, came after the bloc’s anti-trust teams released their full 130-page argumentation in the case. “The Commission will defend its decision in court,” the Commission said in a short statement, describing a court process that could take years. With the release, the Irish government also laid out its arguments against the EU case, accusing Brussels of a major breach of national sovereignty. “The Commission has exceeded its powers and interfered with national tax sovereignty,” Ireland’s finance department said in a three-page outline of its main arguments. “The Commission has no competence, under state aid rules, unilaterally to substitute its own view of the geographic scope and extent of the member state’s tax jurisdiction for those of the member state itself,” the ministry added. – Pro-business reputation – In August, the EU verdict shocked the business world and infuriated Apple, with CEO Tim Cook calling it “political crap”. It also raised tensions with Washington, which accused Brussels of “disproportionately” focusing on US corporations. Google, Starbucks and Amazon are also in the EU’s crosshairs. “We continue to believe‎ the Commission is retroactively applying a sweeping new state aid theory that is contrary to well-established legal principles,” the US treasury said in a statement. By the Commission’s calculations, Dublin allowed Apple to pay a tax rate of 1 percent of its European profits in 2003 which then dropped to 0.005 percent by 2014. Ireland formally lodged its appeal in November after winning the backing of the Irish parliament, with MPs willing to forgo the decision’s potential windfall in order to preserve Dublin’s pro-business reputation. Once a corporate backwater, Ireland found economic success by building a low tax entryway to Europe for multinationals seeking access to the EU, the world biggest market. Dublin’s official corporate tax rate is 12 percent, one of the world’s lowest. Dublin also claimed procedural errors in the Commission’s investigation, which was launched in 2014, arguing Ireland was not contacted to comment on findings contained in the ruling. “The Commission breached the duty of good administration by failing to act impartially and in accordance with its duty of care,” said the submission. Apple — with 6,000 staff in its Cork city campus — is a valued employer in Ireland where it has had operations since 1980. Apple CEO Tim Cook Margrethe Vestager More news Apple unveils two new iPhones » 8 September, 2016 // Lifestyle Apple says FBI out to ‘rewrite history’ in iPhone case » 17 March, 2016 // Health America’s Tech Titans Explore Spiritual Side at Indian Temple » 5 November, 2015 // Community Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website Comment Latest News and Stories Indian rupee window closes as Modi eyes key poll 10 dead, scores missing after India coal mine collapse Death toll from Pakistan toxic liquor incident rises to 39 Voice of Asia Promo Video Archives December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 June 2015 December 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 June 2012 May 2012 February 2002 January 2002 © All right reserved - Voice of Asia Online by Grenix
make-use-of-logo logo-background menu search search-start close email bookmark facebook google twitter pinterest stumbleupon whatsapp amazon youtube youtube label-rectangle triangle-long down PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Technology News Lifestyle Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Browsers Social Media Finance Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Search for: Search Popular Topics The Internet Windows iPhone and iPad Android Mac Gaming MakeUseOf 7 Clever Evernote Features to Streamline Your Workflow Productivity 7 Clever Evernote Features to Streamline Your Workflow Nancy Messieh 5 Free Game Development Software Tools To Make Your Own Games Gaming Programming 5 Free Game Development Software Tools To Make Your Own Games Joel Lee Top Deals Search Open Menu Close Menu PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Technology News Lifestyle Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Browsers Social Media Finance Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Search for: You Can Now Play Minecraft on Apple TV Gaming You Can Now Play Minecraft on Apple TV Dave Parrack December 19, 2016 19-12-2016 1 minute You Can Now Play Minecraft on Apple TV Facebook Twitter Pinterest Stumbleupon Whatsapp Email Ads by Google Mojang has ported Minecraft to tvOS, which means you can now play the insanely popular sandbox game on your Apple TV. Minecraft has arrived on Apple TV just in time for the holidays, so kids (both big and small) can spend their downtime playing Minecraft on yet another platform. Minecraft arrives on what Mojang is calling “Apple’s magical black box” two months after Tim Cook announced this was going to happen during the underwhelming “Hello Again” MacBook Pro event Apple Unveils New Touchy-Feely MacBook Pro Apple Unveils New Touchy-Feely MacBook Pro Apple has taken the wraps off of its brand new MacBook Pro. It's a beautifully designed piece of hardware, with several innovative touches and some annoying caveats potential buyers will have to beware. Read More in October. Thankfully, Minecraft: Apple TV Edition is the Minecraft we all know and love. Minecraft Apple TV Edition As revealed in Mojang’s press release, Minecraft: Apple TV Edition includes the full game up to and including the new Ender Update. This is a huge update which adds The End, The Ender Dragon, the Dragon’s Breath potion, and this year’s Festive Mash-Up Pack. For a limited time, Minecraft: Apple TV Edition includes seven pieces of DLC, including “the Holiday 2015, Town Folk, and City Folk skin packs, along with the Plastic, Natural, Cartoon, and [the aforementioned] Festive 2016 mash-ups”. Minecraft: Apple TV Edition doesn’t currently support either Minecraft Realms or Xbox Live. However, Mojang is promising to “update the game with those features in the near future”. Minecraft: Apple TV Edition is available on iTunes in all regions and priced at $19.99. Ads by Google Microsoft Loves Apple As a side note let’s not forget that Mojang is now wholly owned by Microsoft, with Satya Nadella and co. having acquired the Swedish game developer Microsoft Buys Minecraft, How To Delete U2 From iTunes, And More... [Tech News Digest] Microsoft Buys Minecraft, How To Delete U2 From iTunes, And More... [Tech News Digest] Also, Windows 9 is incoming, iPhone 6 preorders, Kickstarter expansion, Surge is back, and texting Groot. Read More for $2.5 billion in 2014. Which means Microsoft is actively porting a game to an Apple platform. Can 2016 get any stranger? Are you a fan of Minecraft? What platforms have you played Minecraft on? Which is your preferred platform for playing Minecraft? Will you be buying Minecraft: Apple TV Edition? Do you understand the appeal of Minecraft? Please let us know in the comments below! Previous PostGoogle Maps Is Now Wheelchair FriendlyNext PostHow to Shoot, Edit, and Sell Your Photos With One App 2 comments Write a Comment likefunbutnot December 20, 2016 at 6:02 am Apple, having successfully invented the on-screen keyboard that supports displaying both upper AND lower-case characters in iOS 8, has finally brought the world the one thing it was clamoring for: a little box that plugs in to a TV that you can use to play Minecraft. Truly, technology will never be the same. Reply Zaxari December 20, 2016 at 12:52 am It would be stupid for Microsoft to not allow this game on Apple. Milk more money out of a crowd that is already willing to throw their money at anything without thought. More funding ftw! Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Dave Parrack 1618 articles Dave Parrack is the Tech News and Entertainment editor at MakeUseOf. He hails from the UK, where he enjoys eating, drinking, and sleeping. Kinda like a cat. Advertisement Latest Giveaways 3Doodler Create 3D Pen Review and Giveaway 3Doodler Create 3D Pen Review and Giveaway Christian Cawley December 29, 2016 29-12-2016 Sony PlayStation 4 Pro Review and Giveaway Sony PlayStation 4 Pro Review and Giveaway Dave LeClair December 17, 2016 17-12-2016 Blackview R6 Review and Giveaway Blackview R6 Review and Giveaway Riley J. Dennis December 13, 2016 13-12-2016 Advertisement Advertisement Affiliate Disclosure: By buying the products we recommend, you help keep the lights on at MakeUseOf. Read more. Subscribe to Our Newsletter Email: Scroll down for the next article © 2017 MakeUseOf. All Rights Reserved.
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Apple’s appealing against its EU tax bill, but thanks to President Trump, it might not need to Chris Mills •December 19, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Apple has launched a formal appeal against a $14 billion tax ruling handed down earlier this year by the European Union. Apple has fought the decision since it was announced, painting Apple as a “convenient target” being used to generate “headlines” in the EU. At the heart of the claim is a dispute about where Apple’s profits should be taxed. Under the agreement with the Irish government that Apple has had in place for decades, the bulk of the company’s European profits are attributed to a “head office” in Ireland, and go virtually untaxed. Don't Miss: Everything you need to know about Best Buy’s NES Classic sale tomorrow This has led to Apple paying an effective 3.8% tax rate on its European earnings, well below Ireland’s published corporate tax rate, and below the rates of most other EU countries. Surprisingly, Ireland is OK with this. It actually disagrees with the ruling of the European Commission, and is appealing against the ruling alongside Apple. But the appeal may become a lot easier for Apple under a Trump administration. You see, if Apple brought its overseas cash holdings, said to be around $230 billion, back to the US and paid US tax on the money, it would have a much stronger case on appeal. The principle of “double taxation” holds true in most western countries: if money is taxed in one country, it can’t be taxed again (or for the full value) in another. One of Trump’s many campaign pledges was to introduce a one-time 10% “repatriation rate” that would allow companies to bring cash back to the US and pay 10% tax, rather than the usual 35%. Tech companies in particular would be all for that, and it’s rumored that the issue was on the table when tech leaders went to kiss the ring at Trump Tower earlier this month. Either way, a Trump administration is likely to be good for Apple’s foreign taxation battles. The key to most of Apple’s tax arguments is that the value of the products it makes — in other words, the research and design — is created in the US, so that’s where the income should be taxed. Given Trump’s favor for promoting American industries and fixing “bad deals” abroad, you can expect his administration to be fully on Apple’s side on this one. Trending right now: Everything you need to know about Best Buy’s NES Classic sale tomorrow 9 paid iPhone apps on sale for free right now This pocket-sized Windows 10 PC costs less than $200 See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next 9 tech-friendly gifts for people obsessed with travel Yahoo Tech CNN uses screenshot from ‘Fallout 4’ to show how Russians hack things BGR News Facebook launches live 360-degree video feature Yahoo Tech The battle between SSD and HDD is over, and the winner is clear Digital Trends Celebrity sues Tesla, claims Model X drove itself through a wall and into his house BGR News A theory that challenges Newton’s and Einstein’s gravity and nixes dark matter passed its first test Quartz Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo Finance
Remember Me Albuquerque Journal SUBSCRIBE NOW For only $12 Sign In Search News Sections Latest News Nation/World Front Page Politics Crime Science Education Living Health Roads & Traffic Photos Video Submit a news tip Archives In your community ABQ Metro Santa Fe Rio Rancho New Mexico Crime Map Community Data Property Crime Offenders City Hall with Dan McKay Inside the beltway with Michael Coleman NM Borderlands with Lauren Villagran NM Higher Ed. with Chris Quintana Sports Sections UNM Lobos NMSU Aggies High School Local Pro Teams Boxing/MMA Golf Other Local Go! Outdoor Sports AP NFL Coverage Speak Up! Email to Speak Up! Grammer School on Lobo basketball Rick is Wright on Lobo football Business Sections Success Careers/Jobs Retail Technology Health Care Energy Business Columns Business Outlook Newsletters Retail Roundup with Jessica Dyer Scammed, Etc. with Ellen Marks Entertainment Sections Movie News Dining Movie Listings Arts TV News Music TV Listings Calendar Fetch! (pet pics) Go! Outdoors Special Sections Living Puzzles Comics Reel NM with Adrian Gomez Video Games with Greg Peretti All In with Rozanna Martinez Brews News with Rozanna Martinez & Jessica Dyer Obituaries Sections Profiles Submit an obituary Opinion Sections Editorials Upfront Syndicated columns Guest columns Letters Caption contest Your opinion Send a letter to the editor Submit Speakup Submit Sports Speakup Calendar Add a calendar event Real Estate Open Houses Classifieds Real Estate Open Houses Garage sales Legals Place an ad Jobs Look for a job Browse by category Employer directory Post a job Cars Build a new vehicle Compare vehicles Research vehicles Auto reviews Subscribe Success! — Manage subscriptions Sign up for our Newsletters 41° Share Analysis: We’re totally misunderstanding the difference between Mexico and China By Ana Swanson / The Washington Post Monday, December 19th, 2016 at 3:49pm .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... ..........During the 2016 campaign, China and Mexico were often painted with the same political brush. President-elect Donald Trump described the countries as America’s biggest economic rivals, taking advantage of us, undermining growth and stealing jobs. The view wasn’t confined to Republicans: Bernie Sanders won followers as he lambasted the government for crafting free trade deals that sent jobs to Mexico and China. Mexico and China are similar in some ways. They’re both populous countries, with workers who on average make a fraction of what Americans make. They are currently America’s two largest sources of exports. But if you look more closely at our economic relationships with each country, China and Mexico start to look very different. One looks more like a partner, while the other looks like a rival. Advertisement Continue reading Some researchers say Mexico was unfairly maligned in the U.S. election. In fact, if the U.S. wants to compete with China’s manufacturing powerhouse, they say, Mexico is likely to be one of its most valuable allies. “The U.S. and Mexico at the most fundamental level are economic partners. We will sink or swim together in the global economy,” says Christopher Wilson, the deputy director of the Mexico Institute at the Wilson Center (no relation). The U.S. and Mexican economies have become tied together both because of policy choices like the North American Free Trade Agreement, as well as geography, Wilson says. They experience growth and recessions together, and the productivity of their industries is linked because they trade so many materials and inputs used to make other products. “It’s fundamentally different from the U.S. relationship with any other country than perhaps Canada,” he says. The reason has to do with the way companies set up global supply chains. In the last few decades, the step-by-step process companies use to manufacture goods has stretched beyond national borders. Today, a car’s engine might be made in one country and the leather for car seats in another. The car might be assembled in a third country, depending on what each location does best. Sometimes these supply chains snake around the world, but more often they are concentrated in a particular region, involving neighboring countries working together to compete globally on various products, says Wilson. One of the world’s most formidable regional chains is centered in East Asia, often incorporating high-end products from Japan and Korea, and inexpensive labor from China. Another centers in Europe, where high-tech German manufacturers draw on the inexpensive labor of countries like Poland or Turkey. Then there’s the supply chain in North America, in which companies produce beer, planes, electronics, medical devices and other products by combining research, technology, raw materials and labor from Canada, the U.S. and Mexico. Advertisement Continue reading But the way we measure trade overlooks/obscures the existence of these regional supply chains. When we record imports, we attribute the total value of the product to the last country it was in. But these days, that country is often just the last stop on a product’s long trip from conception to delivery. Take, for example, the Apple iPhone, a product that is nominally “made in China.” In a widely cited study, researchers found that Apple created most of the product’s value through its product design, software development and marketing operations, most of which happen in the U.S. Apple ended up keeping about 58 percent of the iPhone 4’s sales price. The gross profits of Korean companies LG and Samsung, which provided the phone’s display and memory chips, captured another 5 percent of the sales price. Less than 2 percent of the sales price went to pay for Chinese labor. “We estimate that only $10 or less in direct labor wages that go into an iPhone or iPad is paid to China workers. So while each unit sold in the U.S. adds from $229 to $275 to the U.S.-China trade deficit (the estimated factory costs of an iPhone or iPad), the portion retained in China’s economy is a tiny fraction of that amount,” the researchers wrote. The last country a product stops in is often its place of assembly. Because assembly is labor intensive, it is often done in lower-cost countries. So trade statistics end up exaggerating imports from lower-cost countries like China and Mexico. In fact, roughly two-thirds of international trade is actually in “intermediate goods” – the bits and pieces that get integrated into a final product, according to economists Robert Johnson and Guillermo Noguera. These distortions add up. Johnson and Noguera estimated in 2011 that the U.S.-China trade imbalance would fall by around 40 percent if the value of all of the intermediate goods flowing into China were extracted. In the case of Mexico, the distortion may be even more noteworthy, because many of the inputs Mexico uses in its products are American-made. If the incoming administration were to erect a 35 percent tariff on imports from Mexico, as Trump discussed during the campaign, it would be taxing products that are partly American, economists say. Just how American are they? The figures are difficult to calculate directly, since they require proprietary information from companies about the inputs they use. But using an economic model, Chad P. Bown, a senior fellow at the Peterson Institute for International Economics in Washington, and his colleagues estimate that about 11 percent of the value of goods manufactured in Mexico come from American-made inputs. With automobiles, the figure is 14 percent. With electrical equipment, it rises to 19 percent. Advertisement Continue reading For China, the numbers are a lot lower – around 2 percent on average, Bown says. Other estimates are even higher. A 2010 paper by economist Robert Koopman and others found that 40 percent of the value of finished goods imported into the U.S. from Mexico was so-called “U.S. content,” intermediate products that support American companies and jobs. For Chinese imports, the percentage was only 4 percent. “Imports from different countries are very different in the way they either do or do not support the U.S. economy,” says Wilson. The integration between the U.S. and Mexican economies may be one reason that free trade agreements with Mexico appear to have had a much smaller effect on U.S. workers than agreements with China, researchers say. Economists David Autor, David Dorn and Gordon Hanson estimate that U.S.-China trade growth was responsible for one-quarter of all U.S. manufacturing job losses from 1990-2007. Yet they found almost no negative impact from U.S. imports from Mexico, which also grew significantly during the period. Not all economists agree. Research by John McLaren of the University of Virginia and Shushanik Hakobyan of Fordham University has shown that blue-collar workers in industries most affected by NAFTA had significantly lower wage growth over the 1990s compared with other workers. Overall, McLaren believes the impact of NAFTA on American wages was small, but that the effects were concentrated in some communities. He’s not surprised that voters were upset about it or considered it to be an injury to their economic well-being. Still, he says, we should keep NAFTA’s effects in perspective. More than 20 years later, NAFTA likely has much less impact on manufacturing jobs than trade with China, and the effect of both is likely dwarfed by the influence of technological change and automation, he says. Advertisement Continue reading In the years since NAFTA, manufacturers have redesigned their production systems to spread operations throughout the U.S., Canada and Mexico. Ultimately, those changes may have made North American manufacturers better able to compete with global rivals. American auto production provides an example. NAFTA brought about huge changes in the industry, with many companies moving well-paying blue-collar assembly jobs to Mexico. But the agreement triggered other changes as well. Automakers became more efficient, and were able to add new makes and models that they couldn’t have otherwise, economist Gordon Hanson said in an email. Parts of the supply chain that required more skilled and educated workers ultimately expanded in the U.S. and Canada. Ultimately, NAFTA both destroyed and created U.S. jobs, Hanson says. While overall employment in the U.S. motor vehicle and parts sector fell nearly 18 percent since 1994, the value the industry added to the U.S. economy grew 50 percent. Today, “there’s no longer any such thing as an American car, or a Canadian car, or a Mexican car,” says Wilson. “Every car made on the continent uses parts and materials from at least two out of the three countries.” U.S. government statistics demonstrate this. Take the Tacoma, a mid-size truck that Toyota is increasingly producing in Mexico. According to statistics from the U.S. Department of Transportation, 65 percent of the value of a Tacoma is created in the U.S. or in Canada. Another 15 percent comes from Japan. If the U.S. withdraws from NAFTA or puts tariffs on cars assembled in Mexico, cars made in North America will become more expensive, says Bown. Over time, companies might shift their supply chains to lower those costs. Some jobs could come back to the U.S., but they likely wouldn’t stay. To remain competitive, carmakers would likely introduce more automation, or shift their operations to Asia or Europe, economists say. “Without the availability of nearby Mexican plants to do the final assembly of light vehicles, it is quite possible that the vast U.S. parts producing network for these vehicles would migrate to someplace outside of the continent,” says Wilson. mexico-china Share Tweet LinkedIn Email Print Subscribe More News Suggested Stories: Mexico's President Getting a Good Head Start – Dec 6, 2012 Why robots, not trade, are behind so many factory job losses – Nov 2, 2016 In China and around Asia, disbelief that Trump really means what he says on trade – Nov 10, 2016 As Trump talks wall, China builds bridges to Latin America – Nov 17, 2016 Advertisement Comments Subscribe to the Journal for only $12. QUICK LINKS Home Search Weather Archives Puzzles Comics CONTACT THE JOURNAL Staff directory Submit a news tip 505-823-3800 Send a letter to the editor Submit an obituary Advertise in the Journal SUBSCRIBER SERVICES Account services Subscribe to the Journal Recover username/password 505-823-4400 Access our archives Place a classified ad Privacy policy RELATED SITES & PARTNERS Journal Rewards Puzzles News in Education Mountain View Telegraph Rio Rancho Observer Valencia News-Bulletin El Defensor Chieftain Kirtland AFB Nucleus Copyright © 2017 Albuquerque Journal | Albuquerque, N.M. TOP |
_ Macworld Australia MAC iPad iPhone iSnap App Guide Gadget Guide mResell HOME NEWS FEATURES REVIEWS HELP/TIPS BLOGS Mac In Business Communications Productivity Security Workflow FORUM MAGAZINE Digital Subscription Current Issue Back Issues AirPods review: they sound great, but Siri holds them back Susie Ochs 20 December, 2016 View more articles fromthe author AAA Comments Apple AirPods Apple, www.apple.com Pros  Cons  $229 Reviews When Apple pulled the headphone jack off the iPhone 7, it also unveiled a new set of wireless earbuds called AirPods, and claimed they were so great, users wouldn’t mind the missing headphone jack. The AirPods didn’t come out for nearly three months after the new iPhone’s release, but now that they’re here, they’ve solved every problem an iPhone 7-using music lover could have, right? Oh, heavens no. Like so many Apple products before them, the AirPods bring with them as many problems as they solve. With no onboard buttons, the AirPods require users to ask Siri to do everything, from changing a track to adjusting the volume. What’s more, Siri doesn’t have the same abilities in all music apps – an arbitrary restriction set by Apple to steer you toward Apple Music. The fit But let’s start with the first question everyone has about the AirPods. Aren’t you worried they will fall out of your ears? As soon as they were announced, even Conan O’Brien had to make fun, producing a parody of the old iPod commercials, only with AirPods flying off in all direction with the slightest move of the dancers’ heads. The wireless AirPods resemble the EarPods, but the AirPods have a heftier, more substantial design that stays put in my ears.That’s funny, but it’s bull. The AirPods stay put when I’m dancing, headbanging, jogging, hanging upside down, riding my stationary bike, sprinting to catch the bus and shaking my head around smacking my temple like I’m trying to dislodge water stuck in my ear. Really, they aren’t going to fall out. Check the video above for proof. My skin is on the oily side, and sometimes in-ear ’buds with silicone tips get a little oily, and I have to wipe them off or keep shoving them further into my ears for a good seal. The wired Apple EarPods (you know, the cheap pair that comes with your iPhone) fit me OK, and I’ve been wearing them since the iPhone 7 launch. But the EarPods wire does trip me up from time to time, getting snagged on armrests when I’m on the bus, or requiring adjustment when I’m wearing a scarf. So I wanted to go wireless, and knew the AirPods had to be comfortable enough to wear all day, and not fall out. It turns out they’re very comfortable, virtually the same shape as the EarPods but with more heft. They perch right in my ear openings and stay put better than the EarPods or silicone-tipped earbuds. The sound I care more about comfort than sound because I’m not an audiophile. I listen to tonnes of music, and can tell good earphones from terrible ones, so Apple’s bundled free EarPods suit me just fine for streaming music and podcasts. I used to rock a US$130 pair of Bose MIE2i in-ear ’phones (since discontinued) when my iPhones had jacks for them, and I expected the AirPods to fall somewhere in between these earphones and the EarPods. Well, I’m happy to report the AirPods sound great – just as good as the Bose set, with full, detailed sound and plenty of volume. The AirPods sound better than the EarPods, but they have that same kind of fit, where the bud itself just rests in your ear opening, instead of going way down into your ear canal. And since they don’t have a silicone or foam tip like the ’buds that get shoved more deeply into your ear, they don’t seal off outside noise as fully. But their impressive volume quickly drowns out your surroundings. Once my iPhone is at about 60 percent volume, I can no longer hear myself speak at a normal volume while I’m wearing the AirPods. The white stems that hang down from the AirPods hold the microphone, which you’ll need for voice calls, and speaking with Siri. I used Siri to make a voice call both indoors and outdoors, and the people I chatted with reported a slight echoy sound common to Bluetooth phone calls, but only when I really pressed them to evaluate my sound. All in all, the sound was good enough for calls. The controls Speaking to Siri, though, somewhat mars the AirPods experience. To turn up the volume with the free EarPods, you simply click a button on the inline remote. With the AirPods, however, you have to double-tap one AirPod, wait for your music to pause and the Siri chime to sound, and say ‘turn it up’ (or, even better, ‘turn up the volume’, just to make sure Siri will understand). Then you wait another couple of beats for your music to resume, now two notches louder. If you say ‘turn it up to 50 percent’, the volume still gets turned up two notches louder. It’s an annoying process, so you’re better off using the volume controls on your phone – if your phone is in arm’s reach. In this case, ‘go back a track’ would start the current song over, but who wants to engage in trial-and-error with laggy Siri when you used to have a button for this? Siri can also control Apple Music and your own music collection stored in Apple’s Music app. But Apple has chosen not to give full Siri control to third-party music apps, and that’s a huge bummer when you try to use earbuds that require the use of Siri. In Spotify, I could turn the volume up and down, and skip to the next track. But to start a song over (three clicks on the EarPods remote, thank you very much), I couldn’t say ‘start this song over’, though ‘go back one track’ was more responsive. And, obviously, I couldn’t call up specific artists, albums, playlists and songs. The AirPods are at their best when you are all-in with Apple devices and services. If you’re a die-hard user of Spotify or Pandora, these may not be the headphones for you. But either way, Siri is just too slow and buggy to be a rock-solid control set. I quickly found myself wanting to just use the controls on the iPhone itself. As a side note, I’ve never appreciated iOS 10’s Raise to Wake feature so much until I got my AirPods, since I can bring up the lock screen play/pause, forward and rewind buttons so easily, and leave Siri out of it. UPDATE: I forgot to mention, you can go into Settings > Bluetooth, hit the little i button next to your AirPods, and change the double-tap gesture to Play/Pause or Off. A second gesture would still be helpful. I’d love an experimental mode that apes the click patterns on the EarPods remote (single to play/pause, double to advance a track, triple to back up). The EarPods are easier to control. But the AirPods never tangle, so… The auto-pause feature does work well, and mostly seamlessly across apps. When you are listening to the AirPods, and you take one out of your ear, the sound pauses. When you put it back in your ear, it starts playing again. While the feature is mostly solid, it isn’t a sure thing. A few times the music would start playing again after I’d stuck one AirPod in my jacket pocket while talking to a cashier. Other times, taking an AirPod out would pause a podcast in Pocket Casts, but putting it back in wouldn’t start it playing again. Instead, I had to hit Play on the iPhone itself. If you do want to play music on only one AirPod for some reason, you can just press Play on the iPhone after taking one out. Even with a little finicky behaviour, I love this feature. I’m also testing a pair of Libratone wireless headphones right now, and they have a feature where you can mute the sound by cupping your hand over one ear. I’m glad companies are thinking about easy ways to silence the sound so you can say hi to neighbours or conduct a transaction politely. But pausing is better than muting, especially for podcast fans, so AirPods have the edge there. The little things Because Apple makes these, the AirPods are locked into iOS 10 like no other headphones will ever be. You can check the battery life in the Battery widget in Notification Center. Even just opening the charging case with the AirPods inside will pop up a notification on your phone showing the charge level of your AirPods (left and right – strangely, they don’t wear down at exactly the same level) and the case. A little LED inside the case glows green when the AirPods are mostly charged, orange when they need charge. A more accurate meter is on the iPhone. The charging case is brilliant. It’s small and white and easy to stash in a pocket or bag. It kind of looks like a fancy package of dental floss, with a top that flips open and shut with a tight magnetic click. The AirPods charge inside this case, so if you keep them there when they’re not in your ears, and then remember to charge the case now and then, keeping the AirPods charged isn’t too much of a burden. The case itself charges via a Lightning port, so I just try to remember to top it off while I’m using the AirPods at my desk. In my tests, the AirPods easily get Apple’s stated five hours of music time per charge. I’m at five hours on my stopwatch right now, in fact, and the AirPods have 12 percent charge left according to the Battery widget in iOS 10. Apple says the case should have about 24 hours of battery life in it, and just 15 minutes in the case can power your AirPods for three more hours (it got me from four to 79 percent). The AirPods make a sad little sound when they reach 10 percent, so you’ll know they’re almost out of juice. Connecting the AirPods to an iPhone for the first time is as easy as opening the case. A message pops up on the iPhone offering to connect and, when you do, the AirPods also appear in the Bluetooth menu of any Macs (running macOS Sierra) you use with the same iCloud account. Switching to an iPad and Apple Watch with the same iCloud account is similarly easy, and you don’t have to trick your iPhone into unpairing with the AirPods to listen to them on a different device. They’re always paired to everything, and you can just select AirPods on that thing and press play. The back of the charging case has a round white button that’s barely visible. With the AirPods in the open case, you can press and hold that button to turn a tiny LED in the case white. That means they’re in pairing mode, and you can pair them to an Android phone or another Bluetooth device, although without Siri or the extra features. I haven’t experimented with that for this review, but we’ll do a followup soon. Bottom line The three-button remote on wired earbuds is a much faster, easier way to control your music than double-tapping one ear and then trying to get Siri to do what you want. But I can’t help liking the AirPods – the cool design and powerful sound just keep me coming back. I just wish they had another gesture, or smarter/faster Siri, to be as convenient as what they’re replacing. Related Tags:  Share: Comments Related Posts Random Posts Apple updates iPhone NDA, opens developer forum Danish newspaper threatens Apple over topless women app rejection Macs beats all comers on reliability, support Digital photo pioneers win Nobel Prize in physics ForgetMeNot for Mac Leave a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Please keep your comments friendly on the topic. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Comment Advertise with us Related Posts Apple’s AirPods are nowhere to be seen, or heard When Apple unveiled the iPhone 7, much ado was made over the new model’s missing headphone jack. But Cupertino had a solution to assuage those worries:... Apple pushes new EarPods and AirPods for a future without headphone jacks Apple will try to ease the pain of killing the headphone jack in the iPhone 7, shipping the new smartphone with Lightning-enabled EarPods and an analogue... App Guide Nisi Paragon Hard Disk Manager for Mac Anchor Pointer Gadget Guide Grado GS2000e headphones Advertise with us Advertise with us Mobile Phone Plans Prev Next Loading... Compare Mobile Phones & Plans Mobile phone plans & deals iPhone plans & deals Apple iPhone models Tablet plans & deals The New iPad plans & deals Guides and Articles Samsung Galaxy Mobile Phone Deals National Broadband Network NBN 12Mbps Plans Broadband Usage Guide Mobile Phone Plans Under $80 iPhone 5, iPhone 4S Deals - Compare Prices Deals powered by WhistleOut Advertise with us Advertise with us Subscribe to eNews Subscribe to RSS Receive our eNews Macworld AU Twitter Macworld AU Facebook Macworld AU Pinterest Macworld AU Fancy Macworld AU Youtube News Features Reviews Help Blogs News FORUM MAC iPad iPhone Play App Guide Gadget Guide MACWORLD AU Australian Macworld Copyright © 2017 Niche Media Pty Ltd. ABN 13 064 613 529 Terms Disclaimer Privacy Contact Sitemap All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of Niche Media Pty Ltd is prohibited. Contact us
null
Whoops! It looks like portions of our site are being blocked! Check your browser settings or contact your network administrator. Apple Officially Appeals EU’s Decision On Back Taxes Share on Facebook Share on Twitter RSS Feed Tweet Share Apple Officially Appeals EU’s Decision On Back Taxes Image courtesy of Adam Fagen December 19, 2016 4:49 pm EST By Ashlee Kieler@akieler prolonging the fight apple taxes european union appeal decision europe Three months after Apple CEO Tim Cook called the European Union’s ruling that the company owes Ireland about €13 billion in back taxes “political crap,” the tech giant officially filed an appeal against the decision, adding to the already years-long battle between the Commission, Apple, and Ireland.  The Wall Street Journal reports that with the latest filing Apple complained about the fairness of the two-year investigation that found Apple received preferential treatment in terms of taxes and owes Ireland about €13 billion — or $14.5 billion — for 10 years’ worth of back tax. The appeal, which disputes the allocation of nearly all of Apple’s overseas profits to Ireland, comes on the same day that the EU released its decision in full. At issue with the EU is whether two Irish tax rulings granted to Apple gave the company special treatment, of if the rulings were a simple interpretation of Irish tax law. According to the WSJ, the full decision claims that Apple and Ireland offered no evidence to justify the small portion of taxes paid to the country. For example, the commission claims that two Apple units registered in Ireland brought in $130 billion in profit over 11 years. Those funds should have been taxed at a rate of 12.5% — Ireland’s corporate tax rate — but weren’t. Instead, the EU found that Irish authorities had been “inconsistent” and “not systematic” in their tax treatment of the tech company. In its appeal, Apple says the allocation of its overseas profit is incorrect, as the company doesn’t manage or create most of its intellectual property in the country, a rep for the company tells the WSJ. “It’s been clear since the start of this case that there was a predetermined outcome,” the spokesperson said. The company believes EU “took unilateral action and retroactively changed the rules” to selectively target Apple, the rep said. At the time the ruling was announced in August, Apple CEO Cook took issue with the decision, saying that “no one did anything wrong,” going so far as to call the ruling “political crap.” For its part, Ireland has already filed an appeal of the EU’s ruling, the WSJ reports. Officials on Monday said that the EU overstepped its powers with the decision. Apple Hits Back Over EU Irish-Tax Decision [The Wall Street Journal] December 19, 2016 By Ashlee Kieler@akieler prolonging the fight apple taxes european union appeal decision europe Tell a friend: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Related pay up EU Regulators: Apple Owes Ireland $14.5 Billion In Back Taxes tell me how you really feel Tim Cook: EU’s Ruling On Back Taxes Apple Owes Ireland Is “Total Political Crap” they probably want that 'dislike' now Facebook Might Owe The IRS As Much As $5 Billion In Back Taxes tax talk Study: Walmart Has $76 Billion In Assets Sitting In Offshore Tax Havens get out of jail card Appeals Court Upholds Probation Sentence For Beanie Babies’ Creator Convicted Of Tax Evasion Previous iPhone Users Storm App Store Reviews, Angry At $10 ‘Super Mario Run’ Price Tag Next The Big List Of Consumer Reports Gift Guides Part of  Founded in 2005, Consumerist is an independent source of consumer news and information published by Consumer Media LLC, a not-for-profit subsidiary of Consumer Reports. Donate About Us Connect With Us No Commercial Use Policy Privacy Policy User Agreement Work With Us Want Consumerist in your inbox? We will not sell or rent your email Feed Google+ Twitter Facebook Next Up: The Big List Of Consumer Reports Gift Guides Return to Top Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy The Missing Debate Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments0 The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Business Apple appeals E.U. ruling on Ireland taxes; job market strong, Yellen tells grads The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it December 19, 2016 TECHNOLOGY Apple appeals E.U. ruling on Ireland taxes Apple has set up a court battle with European Union watchdogs who ordered Ireland to claw back a record 13 billion euros ($13.6 billion) in unpaid taxes from the iPhone maker. Apple said Monday it formally appealed the E.U.’s Aug. 30 decision to the bloc’s General Court in Luxembourg. The E.U. “took unilateral action and retroactively changed the rules, disregarding decades of Irish tax law, U.S. tax law, as well as global consensus on tax policy, that everyone has relied on,” Apple said in a statement. In slapping Apple with the tax bill, the E.U. said that Ireland had granted unfair deals that reduced Apple’s effective corporate tax rate. The U.S. Treasury said the E.U. was acting as a “supra-national tax authority” that could threaten global tax reform efforts. Apple’s appeal adds to the Irish government’s challenge submitted to the E.U. court. The European Commission on Monday published details of its two-year probe, attacking the way Irish authorities taxed profits attributed to two of Apple’s Irish units. — Bloomberg News EMPLOYMENT Job market strong, Yellen tells grads Federal Reserve Board Chair Janet L. Yellen said Monday that college graduates are entering the strongest job market the country has seen in nearly a decade. Yellen said that with changes in the job market, such as technology and globalization, success is increasingly tied to obtaining advanced degrees. “Those with a college degree are more likely to find a job, keep a job, have higher job satisfaction and earn a higher salary,” Yellen said in remarks at commencement ceremonies at the University of Baltimore. Along with the improved unemployment rate, which in November fell to a nine-year low of 4.6 percent, there have been signs that wage growth is picking up, Yellen said. But she said that challenges remain. “The economy is growing more slowly than in past recoveries and productivity growth, which is a major influence on wages, has been disappointing,” she said. — Associated Press Also in Business ● Boeing is making deeper job cuts in its commercial airplane business and planning further workforce reductions for 2017, executives told employees Monday. The U.S. planemaker will trim the workforce in its largest division by 8 percent by the end of this year, Boeing vice chairman Ray Conner and unit chief executive Kevin McAllister said in a memo. Cuts will come through attrition, unfilled positions and voluntary layoffs, they said. There is no specific target for the number of 2017 job cuts, a Boeing spokesman said. ● The Federal Reserve on Monday finalized a rule requiring big banks to disclose certain liquidity measures for the first time, in an effort to ensure they can cover large or rapid withdrawals. Banks will have to post each quarter the ratio comparing their assets that can quickly be converted to cash to their expected cash outflows during a time of financial stress. They will also have to disclose the consolidated amounts of their high-quality liquid assets and their projected net cash outflow amounts over a 30-day stress period. ● General Motors will temporarily close five factories next month to try to reduce a growing inventory of cars. Spokeswoman Dayna Hart cited the U.S. market shift toward trucks and SUVs for the closings. Just over 10,000 workers will be idled. GM’s Detroit-Hamtramck and Kansas City, Kan., factories will be shut down for three weeks; a Lansing, Mich., plant will be down for two weeks; and factories in Lordstown, Ohio, and Bowling Green, Ky., will be idled for one week. ● The Food and Drug Administration said Monday that it had granted accelerated approval to Clovis Oncology’s ovarian cancer drug in patients with a specific gene mutation whose disease advanced despite two or more rounds of chemotherapy. The drug, Rubraca, secured approval about two months earlier than expected for patients whose tumors have a mutation called BRCA. Clovis must now provide further evidence of the drug’s benefit to satisfy the regulator, or the approval can be revoked. ● Ukraine will nationalize its No. 1 bank as the country concludes a cleanup of ailing lenders and seeks to snuff out threats to economic recovery. The government will take 100 percent of PJSK Privatbank after its billionaire shareholders requested help, according to an announcement late Sunday. Home to a third of retail deposits, the lender had a capital shortage of $5.6 billion on Dec. 1, the central bank said. While savers are protected, Eurobond holders must help plug the gap. — From news services Coming Today ● Earnings: FedEx. business economy true Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 0 Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email 0 Show Comments Discussion Policy 0 Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Get 2 months of digital access to The Washington Post for just 99¢. A limited time offer for Apple Pay users. Buy with Cancel anytime $9.99/month after the two month trial period. Sales tax may apply. By subscribing you agree to our Terms of Service, Digital Products Terms of Sale & Privacy Policy. Get 2 months of digital access to The Washington Post for just 99¢. Most Read 1 With enough evidence, even skepticism will thaw 2 The public is being kept in the dark about Trump’s deal with Carrier 3 Yes, this is real: Michigan just banned banning plastic bags 4 D.C. area’s 2017 predictions center on tech, traffic, taxes — and, of course, Trump 5 Two reasons the red Solo Cup is a marvel of modern engineering Market Watch DJIA -0.29% NASDAQ -0.9% Get quote Last Update: 01/02/2017(DJIA&NASDAQ) Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game Word Wipe Word game business economy Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Gallery Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper Economy & Industry BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #Demonetisation #TataVsMistry #TrumpAtWhiteHouse News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » International » News » Companies Barclays severing ties with up to 7,000 clients to boost returns Snapchat plays hard to get with celebrities and influencers Business Standard Apple to appeal EU tax ruling this week Apple's combative stand underlines its anger with the European Commission Foo Yun Chee  December 20, 2016 Last Updated at 00:31 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2TK1p73 An Apple logo hangs above the entrance to the Apple store on 5th Avenue in the Manhattan borough of New York City.Photo: Reuters ALSO READ US steps up fight against EU tax crackdown on Apple After Apple, EU may focus on companies closer to home EU hits Apple with $14.5-bn Irish tax demand EU's Vestager warns others, says Apple could cut bill Apple tax ruling made without bias: EU President Apple will launch a legal challenge this week to a record $14 billion EU tax demand, arguing that EU regulators ignored tax experts and corporate law and deliberately picked a method to maximise the penalty, senior executives said.   Apple’s combative stand underlines its anger with the European Commission, which said on August 30 the company’s Irish tax deal was illegal state aid and ordered it to repay up to Euro 13 billion ($13.8 billion) to Ireland, where Apple has its European headquarters. European Competition Commissioner Margrethe Vestager, a former Danish economy minister, said Apple’s Irish tax bill implied a tax rate of 0.005 per cent in 2014.   Apple intends to lodge an appeal against the Commission’s ruling at Europe’s second highest court this week, its General Counsel Bruce Sewell and Chief Financial Officer Luca Maestri told Reuters in an interview at the company’s global headquarters in Cupertino.   The iPhone and iPad maker was singled out because of its success, Sewell said. “Apple is not an outlier in any sense that matters to the law. Apple is a convenient target because it generates lots of headlines. It allows the commissioner to become Dane of the year for 2016,” he said, referring to the title accorded by Danish newspaper Berlingske last month.   Apple will tell judges the Commission was not diligent in its investigation because it disregarded tax experts brought in by Irish authorities.                Read More On Apple | Eu PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements New to the stock market? Take your FirstStep Super Saver Health Insurance For Your Family Learn the Art of Investing through Sharekhan Open Free Demat A/c with low brokerage fee Yet to open a Sharekhan Account? Rs 3 lakh health coverage @ Rs 11* per day The Power of the Hybrid Cloud Apple to appeal EU tax ruling this week Apple's combative stand underlines its anger with the European Commission Apple's combative stand underlines its anger with the European Commission Apple will launch a legal challenge this week to a record $14 billion EU tax demand, arguing that EU regulators ignored tax experts and corporate law and deliberately picked a method to maximise the penalty, senior executives said.   Apple’s combative stand underlines its anger with the European Commission, which said on August 30 the company’s Irish tax deal was illegal state aid and ordered it to repay up to Euro 13 billion ($13.8 billion) to Ireland, where Apple has its European headquarters. European Competition Commissioner Margrethe Vestager, a former Danish economy minister, said Apple’s Irish tax bill implied a tax rate of 0.005 per cent in 2014.   Apple intends to lodge an appeal against the Commission’s ruling at Europe’s second highest court this week, its General Counsel Bruce Sewell and Chief Financial Officer Luca Maestri told Reuters in an interview at the company’s global headquarters in Cupertino.   The iPhone and iPad maker was singled out because of its success, Sewell said. “Apple is not an outlier in any sense that matters to the law. Apple is a convenient target because it generates lots of headlines. It allows the commissioner to become Dane of the year for 2016,” he said, referring to the title accorded by Danish newspaper Berlingske last month.   Apple will tell judges the Commission was not diligent in its investigation because it disregarded tax experts brought in by Irish authorities.                Foo Yun Chee Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Apple to appeal EU tax ruling this week Apple's combative stand underlines its anger with the European Commission Apple will launch a legal challenge this week to a record $14 billion EU tax demand, arguing that EU regulators ignored tax experts and corporate law and deliberately picked a method to maximise the penalty, senior executives said.   Apple’s combative stand underlines its anger with the European Commission, which said on August 30 the company’s Irish tax deal was illegal state aid and ordered it to repay up to Euro 13 billion ($13.8 billion) to Ireland, where Apple has its European headquarters. European Competition Commissioner Margrethe Vestager, a former Danish economy minister, said Apple’s Irish tax bill implied a tax rate of 0.005 per cent in 2014.   Apple intends to lodge an appeal against the Commission’s ruling at Europe’s second highest court this week, its General Counsel Bruce Sewell and Chief Financial Officer Luca Maestri told Reuters in an interview at the company’s global headquarters in Cupertino.   The iPhone and iPad maker was singled out because of its success, Sewell said. “Apple is not an outlier in any sense that matters to the law. Apple is a convenient target because it generates lots of headlines. It allows the commissioner to become Dane of the year for 2016,” he said, referring to the title accorded by Danish newspaper Berlingske last month.   Apple will tell judges the Commission was not diligent in its investigation because it disregarded tax experts brought in by Irish authorities.                Foo Yun Chee Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Banking Round Table 2016 BS Fund Cafe 2016 Elections 2016 Assam Elections Kerala Elections Tamil Nadu Elections West Bengal Elections Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iPad Air 2 iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS Sierra Retina MacBook tvOS 10 watchOS 3 Buyer's Guide Forums iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s Retina MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air Apple VR Project iMac iPad Air 2 Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > New in OS X: Get MacRumors Push Notifications on your Mac Resubscribe Now Close Apple Offering Free Next Day Shipping for the Holidays Monday December 19, 2016 2:04 pm PST by Juli Clover Apple today updated its online website to announce free next-day shipping for all orders placed by 2:00 p.m. by Friday, December 23, giving last minute shoppers a chance to place orders before Christmas. Orders placed before the December 23 cut off date will arrive in time for Christmas in most cases, but customers will need to confirm delivery times at checkout. Apple normally limits free next-day delivery to iPhones, with free two-day shipping on most other products, but during the holidays, Apple often offers upgraded shipping. Apple also has an online gift guide for customers who need gift ideas, recommending iPhones, iPads, Macs, and related accessories. Customers who live near an Apple Store who are looking for last minute gifts can also get items using in-store pickup. Today's new shipping policy comes just as AirPods have begun shipping out to customers, but in-store sales are the only way to get Apple's newest accessory as online sales are sold out through January. [ 28 comments ] Top Rated Comments (View all) Jdalbo 2 weeks ago Stop.....Geez go back in your basement. They do this every year most companies do. Rating: 10 Votes G-News 2 weeks ago Get the perfect Mac? What Mac? Rating: 4 Votes pat500000 2 weeks ago How nice of Apple to provide us free shipping, unfortunately, there aren't any updated desktop macs to buy. SORRY! Rating: 3 Votes Relentless Power 2 weeks ago I don't know about anyone else, but to me this smells of desperation. Why would one of the richest companies in the world be giving free shipping.... unless of course sales were down. HMMMmmmmm ;) Sales are irrelevant. The fact they are giving the opportunity for Shoppers to make purchases and guarantee next day delivery. Doesn't seem something worth complaining of and it's an advantage over the crowded malls. I'll gladly take next day delivery for free. Rating: 2 Votes Chuck Kostalnick 2 weeks ago I don't know about anyone else, but to me this smells of desperation. Why would one of the richest companies in the world be giving free shipping.... unless of course sales were down. HMMMmmmmm ;) Apple has done this in years past; this isn't anything unusual. Besides, adding $30+ to each order for express shipping doesn't make fiscal sense if the company was so concerned with hitting their target. Rating: 2 Votes gugy 2 weeks ago How nice of Apple. :rolleyes: Rating: 1 Votes pat500000 2 weeks ago Who Hoo! New 12 core MacPro just in time for Xmas! you mean outdated nMP. Rating: 1 Votes DynaFXD 2 weeks ago I don't know about anyone else, but to me this smells of desperation. Why would one of the richest companies in the world be giving free shipping.... unless of course sales were down. HMMMmmmmm ;) Because put-near every other company in the world is also offering similar insentives to move product in the last few days of the major sales season? Seriously, what does one have to do with the other? Rating: 1 Votes now i see it 2 weeks ago Who Hoo! New 12 core MacPro just in time for Xmas! Rating: 1 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming iMac Early 2017 Updated models with AMD graphics options expected in early 2017. iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 New glass-backed design rumored to lose the Home button. More Blog Stories AirPods Reset Fixes Charging Case Battery Issues for Some, but Issues Persist for Others 9 hours ago on iOS Blog Although the AirPods have been well-received by a majority of users after the holidays, the largest issue persisting online centers around troublesome battery drain issues with the headphones'... 49 comments TrackR Announces New Tracking Devices and Home-Mapping Smart Plug 12 hours ago on iOS Blog With CES gearing up in a few days, some companies have begun revealing new products ahead of the show, and today TrackR has unveiled new updates to its range of Bluetooth tracking devices that help... 18 comments iPhone 7 Photos Highlight New Year's Eve Festivities Around the World 14 hours ago on iOS Blog Apple partnered with 15 photographers in a number of countries around the world to capture New Year's Eve festivities with photos taken on iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus devices, according to CNN. ... 22 comments MacRumors Giveaway: Win a G-Drive USB-C SSD or HDD From G-Technology 3 days ago on Mac Blog For this week’s giveaway, we’ve teamed up with G-Technology to offer MacRumors readers a chance to win either a 1TB G-Drive Slim USB-C SSD or a 1TB G-Drive Mobile USB-C hard drive. The G-Drive... 21 comments Apple to Bolster Presence in India Through Tax Concessions and New Factories 3 days ago on iOS Blog Following reports this month that Apple has been in talks to manufacture its products locally in India, as well as set up a distribution center in the country, an article by Bloomberg today suggests... 30 comments Foxconn Details Three-Phase Plan to Eventually 'Automate Entire Factories' in China 4 days ago on iOS Blog Foxconn is deploying a plan broken down into three phases that will eventually "automate entire factories" in China (via DigiTimes). According to the general manager of Foxconn's... 69 comments Facebook and Google Dominate 'Top Smartphone Apps of 2016' List, While Apple Music Ranks 9th 4 days ago on iOS Blog A new trend study published by Nielsen this week looks into the top smartphone apps of 2016, as well as the operating systems that the apps were downloaded on. This year within the United States,... 30 comments Kanex Announces GoPower Watch Stand and Mini Keychain Battery for Apple Watch 4 days ago on iOS Blog Kanex today announced two additional devices to its line of GoPower Apple Watch accessories: the GoPower Watch Stand and GoPower Watch Mini. The two new accessories join the GoPower Watch Portable... 34 comments • Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey Says a Form of Editing is Needed (41) • Twitter's Periscope Now Supports 360-Degree Live Videos (5) • Lenovo Announces New 'ThinkPad' Docks Equipped With Thunderbolt 3 and USB-C Ports (66) • Hulu Inks Exclusive Streaming Deal With Disney, Gains 50+ New Titles (47) • Apple Watch Owners Notified of Upcoming 'Ring In the New Year' Activity Achievement (71) • LEDVANCE Announces HomeKit-Enabled 'Sylvania Smart Multicolor Bulb' That Doesn't Need Central Hub (35) • Video Converter 'Handbrake 1.0' Released for Mac After 13 Years in Beta (95)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Husain Sumra Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade 'Snowball!' Review - Pinball in a Winter Wonderland 'Island Delta' Review - Heavy is the Hand That Wields the Gravity Gun Update Mondays: 'Daddy Long Legs', 'Subway Surfers', 'Shadowverse', 'Warp Shift', and (Not Many) More 2016 Recap, Best of and Best Stories - The TouchArcade Show #288 TouchArcade Needs Your Help - Tell Your Friends and Support Our Patreon TouchArcade Game of the Week: 'Don't Starve: Shipwrecked' AppShopper Apple Announces New iPhone 6s with 3D Touch Apple Announces iPad Pro with 12.9-inch Retina Display Apple Announces iOS 9, Bringing Split-Screen Multi-tasking to iPad Apple Announces Mac OS X 10.11 'El Capitan' Apple Watch Pre-Orders to Open on April 10, Available Starting on April 24 Apple Announces New 12-inch MacBook with Retina Display Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy The Missing Debate Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments10+ The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Wonkbloganalysis We’re totally misunderstanding the difference between Mexico and China The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Ana Swanson December 19, 2016 Follow @anaswanson Reuters/Mike Segar/File photo During the 2016 campaign, China and Mexico were often painted with the same political brush. President-elect Donald Trump described the countries as America’s biggest economic rivals, taking advantage of us, undermining growth and stealing jobs. The view wasn’t confined to Republicans: Bernie Sanders won followers as he lambasted the government for crafting free trade deals that sent jobs to Mexico and China. Mexico and China are similar in some ways. They’re both populous countries, with workers who on average make a fraction of what Americans make. They are currently America’s two largest sources of exports. But if you look more closely at our economic relationships with each country, China and Mexico start to look different. One looks more like a partner, while the other looks like a rival. Some researchers say Mexico was unfairly maligned in the U.S. election. In fact, if the United States wants to compete with China’s manufacturing powerhouse, they say, Mexico is likely to be one of its most valuable allies. “The U.S. and Mexico at the most fundamental level are economic partners. We will sink or swim together in the global economy,” says Christopher Wilson, the deputy director of the Mexico Institute at the Wilson Center (no relation). The U.S. and Mexican economies have become tied together because of policy choices such as the North American Free Trade Agreement, as well as geography, Wilson says. They experience growth and recessions together, and the productivity of their industries is linked because they trade so many materials and inputs used to make other products. “It’s fundamentally different from the U.S. relationship with any other country than perhaps Canada,” he says. The reason has to do with the way companies set up global supply chains. In the last few decades, the step-by-step process companies use to manufacture goods has stretched beyond national borders. Today, a car’s engine might be made in one country and the leather for car seats in another. The car might be assembled in a third country, depending on what each location does best. Sometimes these supply chains snake around the world, but more often they are concentrated in a particular region, involving neighboring countries working together to compete globally on various products, says Wilson. One of the world’s most formidable regional chains is centered in East Asia, often incorporating high-end products from Japan and Korea, and inexpensive labor from China. Another centers in Europe, where high-tech German manufacturers draw on the inexpensive labor of countries such as Poland or Turkey. Then there’s the supply chain in North America, in which companies produce beer, planes, electronics, medical devices and other products by combining research, technology, raw materials and labor from Canada, the United States and Mexico. But the way we measure trade overlooks/obscures the existence of these regional supply chains. When we record imports, we attribute the total value of the product to the last country it was in. But these days, that country is often just the last stop on a product’s long trip from conception to delivery. Take, for example, the Apple iPhone, a product that is nominally “made in China." In a widely cited study, researchers found that Apple created most of the product’s value through its product design, software development and marketing operations, most of which happen in the United States. Apple ended up keeping about 58 percent of the iPhone 4’s sales price. The gross profits of Korean companies LG and Samsung, which provided the phone’s display and memory chips, captured another 5 percent of the sales price. Less than 2 percent of the sales price went to pay for Chinese labor. “We estimate that only $10 or less in direct labor wages that go into an iPhone or iPad is paid to China workers. So while each unit sold in the U.S. adds from $229 to $275 to the U.S.-China trade deficit (the estimated factory costs of an iPhone or iPad), the portion retained in China's economy is a tiny fraction of that amount,” the researchers wrote. The last country a product stops in is often its place of assembly. Because assembly is labor intensive, it is often done in lower-cost countries. So trade statistics end up exaggerating imports from lower-cost countries such as China and Mexico. In fact, roughly two-thirds of international trade is actually in “intermediate goods” — the bits and pieces that get integrated into a final product, according to economists Robert Johnson and Guillermo Noguera. These distortions add up. Johnson and Noguera estimated in 2011 that the U.S.-China trade imbalance would fall by about 40 percent if the value of all of the intermediate goods flowing into China were extracted. In the case of Mexico, the distortion may be even more noteworthy, because many of the inputs Mexico uses in its products are American-made. If the incoming administration were to erect a 35 percent tariff on imports from Mexico, as Trump discussed during the campaign, it would be taxing products that are partly American, economists say. Just how American are they? The figures are difficult to calculate directly, since they require proprietary information from companies about the inputs they use. But using an economic model, Chad P. Bown, a senior fellow at the Peterson Institute for International Economics in Washington, and his colleagues estimate that about 11 percent of the value of goods manufactured in Mexico come from American-made inputs. With automobiles, the figure is 14 percent. With electrical equipment, it rises to 19 percent. For China, the numbers are a lot lower — about 2 percent on average, Bown says. Other estimates are even higher. A 2010 paper by economist Robert Koopman and others found that 40 percent of the value of finished goods imported into the United States from Mexico was so-called “U.S. content,” intermediate products that support American companies and jobs. For Chinese imports, the percentage was only 4 percent. Table via Christopher E. Wilson, The Wilson Center “Imports from different countries are very different in the way they either do or do not support the U.S. economy,” Wilson says. The integration between the U.S. and Mexican economies may be one reason that free trade agreements with Mexico appear to have had a much smaller effect on U.S. workers than agreements with China, researchers say. Economists David Autor, David Dorn and Gordon Hanson estimate that U.S.-China trade growth was responsible for one-quarter of all U.S. manufacturing job losses from 1990-2007. Yet they found almost no negative impact from U.S. imports from Mexico, which also grew significantly during the period. Not all economists agree. Research by John McLaren of the University of Virginia and Shushanik Hakobyan of Fordham University has shown that blue-collar workers in industries most affected by NAFTA had significantly lower wage growth over the 1990s compared with other workers. Overall, McLaren says he believes the impact of NAFTA on American wages was small, but that the effects were concentrated in some communities. He’s not surprised that voters were upset about it or considered it to be an injury to their economic well-being. Still, he says, we should keep NAFTA’s effects in perspective. More than 20 years later, NAFTA likely has much less impact on manufacturing jobs than trade with China, and the effect of both is likely dwarfed by the influence of technological change and automation, he says. In the years since NAFTA, manufacturers have redesigned their production systems to spread operations throughout the United States, Canada and Mexico. Ultimately, those changes may have made North American manufacturers better able to compete with global rivals. American auto production provides an example. NAFTA brought about huge changes in the industry, with many companies moving well-paying blue-collar assembly jobs to Mexico. But the agreement triggered other changes as well. Automakers became more efficient, and were able to add new makes and models that they couldn’t have otherwise, economist Gordon Hanson said in an email. Parts of the supply chain that required more skilled and educated workers ultimately expanded in the United States and Canada. Ultimately, NAFTA both destroyed and created U.S. jobs, Hanson says. While overall employment in the U.S. motor vehicle and parts sector fell nearly 18 percent since 1994, the value the industry added to the U.S. economy grew 50 percent. Today, “there’s no longer any such thing as an American car, or a Canadian car, or a Mexican car,” Wilson says. “Every car made on the continent uses parts and materials from at least two out of the three countries.” U.S. government statistics demonstrate this. Take the Tacoma, a mid-size truck that Toyota is increasingly producing in Mexico. According to statistics from the U.S. Transportation Department, 65 percent of the value of a Tacoma is created in the United States or in Canada. Another 15 percent comes from Japan. If the United States withdraws from NAFTA or puts tariffs on cars assembled in Mexico, cars made in North America will become more expensive, Bown says. Over time, companies might shift their supply chains to lower those costs. Some jobs could come back to the United States, but they likely wouldn’t stay. To remain competitive, carmakers would likely introduce more automation, or shift their operations to Asia or Europe, economists say. “Without the availability of nearby Mexican plants to do the final assembly of light vehicles, it is quite possible that the vast U.S. parts producing network for these vehicles would migrate to someplace outside of the continent,” Wilson says. business wonkblog true Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 10+ Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Ana Swanson is a reporter for Wonkblog specializing in business, economics, data visualization and China. Follow @anaswanson 11 Show Comments Discussion Policy 0 Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Get 2 months of digital access to The Washington Post for just 99¢. A limited time offer for Apple Pay users. Buy with Cancel anytime $9.99/month after the two month trial period. Sales tax may apply. By subscribing you agree to our Terms of Service, Digital Products Terms of Sale & Privacy Policy. Get 2 months of digital access to The Washington Post for just 99¢. Most Read 1 Lawsuit: Dude ranch owner asked chef for ‘black people food’ 2 Elon Musk’s SpaceX says it has found cause of rocket explosion and plans to fly again Sunday 3 What history tells us about your investments in 2017 4 The public is being kept in the dark about Trump’s deal with Carrier 5 Did D.C. area private schools brush off Trump adviser? Reports about Kellyanne Conway are greatly exaggerated. Market Watch DJIA -0.29% NASDAQ -0.9% Get quote Last Update: 01/02/2017(DJIA&NASDAQ) Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game Word Wipe Word game business wonkblog Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Waymo, and Way More Info on Self-Driving Cars A long overdue update on the autonomous driving space -- Alphabet's decision to turn it's self-driving car project into an Alphabet subsidiary, what's going on over at Apple, and why Uber is causing problems in San Francisco. Daniel Sparks and Dylan Lewis (TMFDanielSparks) Dec 19, 2016 at 5:02PM December has been a busy month for self-driving car news. In this week's episode of Industry Focus: Tech, Dylan Lewis and Motley Fool senior tech specialist, Daniel Sparks, give listeners an update on the state of autonomous car research and production today. First, a look at Alphabet's (NASDAQ:GOOGL) (NASDAQ:GOOG) new offshoot company, Waymo, which is entirely focusing on self-driving tech -- what we know about the company so far, how it fits into Alphabet's strategy, and how long it might take before we start seeing results. The hosts also look at how Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL), Uber, Tesla (NASDAQ:TSLA), and GM (NYSE: GM) are progressing in the race, and how investors need to look at the space as of today. A full transcript follows the video. This podcast was recorded on Dec. 16, 2016. Dylan Lewis: Welcome to Industry Focus, the podcast that dives into a different sector of the stock market every day. It's Friday, December 16th, and we're doing a roundup of self-driving car updates. I'm your host, Dylan Lewis, and I'm joined on Skype by fool.com senior tech specialist, Daniel Sparks. Daniel, how's it going? Daniel Sparks: Good, Dylan, thanks for having me on the show. Lewis: A little blustery over there in Colorado, huh? Sparks: Yeah, high wind warnings this morning. It's pretty crazy. Glad you can't hear it through the microphone. Lewis: Yeah, it seems like the kind of weather you might want some driving assistance, huh? Sparks: I guess so. (laughs) Lewis: So, Daniel, there's been a ton of news regarding self-driving cars in the past month or so. It seems like pretty much every major player in the space has come out with an announcement of some sort. It seems like on our end, we were probably due to do a little check-in and see what's going on. How's that sound? Sparks: Sounds good. Lewis: The first news that I really noticed -- I mean, there were other ones that came up in the past couple weeks, but one that really caught my attention -- was Alphabet's self-driving car project doesn't seem to be just a project anymore. It seems like they're emphasizing this within the Alphabet holding structure. Sparks: Yeah, we saw that blog post, Waymo is what they're calling it. It'll be interesting to see where they're taking this, for sure. Lewis: In that blog post, they said "Waymo stands for a new way forward in mobility. We're a self-driving technology company with a mission to make it safe and easy for people and things to move around." The TLDR here, the very simple explanation of what's going on is, they are taking the self-driving car project under Google X and turning it into an identifiable business under Alphabet. This is awesome, I think, if you're an Alphabet shareholder, because it shows that they're going to put a little bit more emphasis on moving things along and not having these fun projects be just that, that there's going to be a commercialization element to it, and a path to that. But to me, more than anything else, this highlights the benefits of the Alphabet holding company structure, and how under CFO Ruth Porat, they've decided to take a more Wall Street-friendly look at some of the things that are going on there at Google. Sparks: Yeah, it definitely highlights the Alphabet structure that they have set up, and the benefits of it. Investors should realize that this isn't just some new project that they're doing. This is the graduation of the self-driving car project to an actual company. This is really one of the first instances where we've seen this under the Alphabet structure, where we can see, where they take this from their Google X area, which is more just moonshots in development, is kind of how they're making it look, and we're really seeing that with this particular instance, and then graduating over to an actual company and, like you said, putting some pressure on it so they can start turning it into a business. Lewis: Yeah, and this is, like you said, not something that happened overnight. The self-driving car project has been in the works, I believe, for over eight years at this point. My read on this -- and you can correct me if I'm wrong here, Daniel -- is, we're not really going to be seeing actual financials on Waymo broken out when Alphabet gives its quarterly numbers, at least not anytime soon. It seems like they will probably continue to be lumped into other bets reporting for the foreseeable future. Sparks: Yeah, I definitely think they're going to keep it in other bets, because with Google's revenue at the $22.2 billion and the other bets revenue at about $200 million, virtually all of the company's profits coming from the core Google segments, and nearly a $1 billion loss coming from other bets -- I don't think Alphabet is ready, just because Waymo is turning into a company, to start segmenting out this information on its own. Not only would it probably draw attention to simply a losing segment, since they haven't really monetized this service yet, and like we said, that's kind of the purpose of it. And, also, it could potentially give competitors an edge that they don't really need to let competitors have, by looking into their business. This is very small to their business, they don't have to report it to investors. It's not material at all, so they might as well keep it under wraps as long as they can. Lewis: Yeah. So, while we won't have a ton of financial insights, it seems, what I think this does open the door to is some questions and maybe a little bit more pointed commentary from management in some of those quarterly calls and maybe some of those press releases on specifically what's going on with the self-driving car project. Again, probably not something we're going to get a ton of insight into immediately, but something that in the coming quarters and years, we should definitely expect to hear more from. Sparks: Definitely. Lewis: One of the other things we got some color on regarding Google's self-driving car project, I guess I should be calling it Waymo now, is exactly how they plan to monetize self-driving car technology. This is something that's been kind of up in the air for a while. At times, they've talked about not wanting to be a car manufacturer, but it's hard to take them at face value there, because they're looking to obscure this as much as possible. You want to talk a little bit about what we got in terms of commentary there? Sparks: Yeah, that was one of the big takeaways when they were coming out with this Waymo announcement. There was some speculation that Alphabet could be working on its own Google-branded car. While they might not actually have thought of planning of manufacturing it, as they do with their hardware products, they often outsource the manufacturing and then slap that brand on, similar to the way Apple does with Foxconn, but, there was some speculation that they could try to be working on some Google-branded car, and we have seen their cars with no steering wheel, their ambitious vision of a totally autonomous driving experience. There has been some speculation in the past that they would be planning to bring a larger fleet of those to the market. But the CEO of Waymo, John Krafcik -- I think that's how you pronounce it? Lewis: I think it's pronounced another way, but I'm not sure. I've only seen it and writing, I have not heard it said. I understand how neither of us are totally sure. Sparks: OK, that sounds better, we'll go with that. We'll just call him John today. John, he emphasized that they're not trying to turn into a car business, but rather wanting to focus on the technology behind the cars, and basically, Waymo's mission to make driving autonomous, to make it safer, and, as in their name, really focus on the mobility. I think this is a good move. This is something that Alphabet has succeeded at in the past by really focusing on software and gathering data -- because, essentially, that's the company's core mission, to organize data. So, by doing this, I'm actually more bullish on the segment by seeing that they're really going to focus on their core competencies with it. And maybe similar to the way Alphabet tries to add in Google-branded hardware later on with Android, maybe they'll do a similar things with cars by trying to bring in Google-branded cars later on after they've really developed and honed in on their expertise and the autonomous area of the technology. Lewis: Yeah, the quote from John, as we'll refer to him, "We're in the business of making better drivers. We're a self-driving car company, not a car company." I think, if you look back at some of the things that have happened in the last month or so, you see that Apple seems to be taking kind of a similar route with their autonomous driving ambitions. Sparks: Right. We see these big tech companies, and then you look at the giant automobile segments, where companies like Alphabet and Apple don't have any significant revenue, and in theory, it looks like this awesome opportunity for Alphabet and Apple to start making these cars. Maybe that's why a lot of the speculation received so much attention, thinking about a Google-branded or Apple-branded car is a really powerful idea, it could open up the companies to huge new revenue opportunities. But, when you actually get down to think about it, especially in Alphabet's case, it would really be out of their core competency to start making cars. Even Apple, by outsourcing their manufacturing and building Apple-branded hardware products, along with their software, cars is just a whole 'nother breed. It's a really capital-intensive business. By Alphabet doing this, and now, like we're going to talk about, Apple focusing on the software part of the business, it really de-risks these new segments, but on the other hand, may decrease some of the potential upside if things do go well. Lewis: Yeah, you look at the margin profile for the car business and the smartphone business, and they are dramatically different. It would be very tough to achieve high-30% margins in cars. For as much as I know about the industrials business, I know that. So, you can understand why these huge tech companies are instead choosing to focus on something that's super scalable and can be easily brought into millions of cars without actually having to manufacture them themselves. Sparks: Right. Lewis: And if you had any doubts about Apple's interest in making self-driving cars, I think Tim Cook has been pretty coy in some public interviews about not really letting in on a lot of details, being a little cagey, the company sent a letter to the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration regarding Federal Automated Vehicle Policy earlier this month. And it made it pretty clear they have something cooking there. The NHTSA can grant exemptions to certain compliance standards if that organization decides that it's important for research and investigations. Apple's letter was essentially urging the administration to expedite the exemption requests that are coming in from some new entrants, so, some people that maybe haven't been quite as ambitious as the early entrants into autonomous driving. That, I think, says all you need to hear about their interest in this space, and the fact that it's something that they're obviously putting a decent number of resources into. Sparks: Yeah, I think that Apple is definitely working on a car, as far as we can tell. Recent reports suggest that the company has hundreds of employees working on it. The transition, initially, it was referred to as Project Titan, and it initially transitioned away from building a car -- this is all speculation, keep in mind -- to really focusing on the technology, similar to Alphabet. The rumor is, now, it's going to be deeply integrated into iOS, and the company is looking for a 2017 deadline of proof of concept of something that can work. So, Alphabet and Apple, these are still really speculative things. But, at least with Alphabet, we're starting to see a direction, an actual company, and an effort to monetize the business, which is encouraging.  Lewis: And for both of those companies, these are things that are exciting. They're very attractive, they're fun to speculate on because they are nascent tech. But they are not going to be meaningful to the top line or bottom line for quite some time. That's something to keep in mind there. Of course, flipping over to the private side of things, not a public company, but Uber also made headlines this week, of course, not to be outdone by some of the larger tech names. After the company had deployed some self-driving vehicles in Pittsburgh in September earlier this year, they now have deployed about five or so autonomous Volvo XC90 SUVs in San Francisco. The aim there was to have them not only be out on the roads, but out on the roads picking up customers, right? Sparks: Right. They kind of jumped the gun on this one, and put them out on the California roads without a permit, which California requires for auto manufacturers testing autonomous vehicles. What Uber did was kind of make an assumption with wordplay. Apparently the rule was that manufacturers testing autonomous vehicles that don't require human drivers to get a permit, and to make sure that someone is there, ready to grab the wheel and take over. That wordplay was that the vehicle was autonomous, that's when they would need a permit. So, Uber argued, "Well, these cars aren't technically autonomous, because we have drivers there ready to take over when something goes wrong." Of course, in their blog post, they did say they're deploying "self-driving" cars, they used that wording. So, it's really interesting to see them going this route with it. It caused a lot of debate as to whether this is right. It brought Uber back to a problem they had early and were scaling back on, which was being a rebel when it comes to regulations. Kind of putting them back in that spot right now. Lewis: Yeah, that certainly doesn't help their case in trying to improve their reputation. I know that's something that has plagued them for quite some time. It'll be interesting to see how that plays out with regulators in California, and whether it's something they push forward on. In preparing for the show, we talked about how there's kind of a huge difference between how a public company and a private company might handle something like this, just because the liability on Alphabet or Apple's side, with doing something without express written consent from the regulatory body, could be devastating to them as a business and to shareholders. And, I'm sure there are a lot of controls in place for people that have private placements with Uber. But, you can afford to be a little bit more brash when you don't have public investors, I guess. Sparks: Right. And it's worth noting that, according to Bloomberg, the California DMV is saying it's going to try to pursue legal action on Uber. I don't think it's clear yet that Uber has stopped. But there was an interesting scenario when, on the first day of this program, one of the Volvos with the self-driving hardware ran a red light when a pedestrian was trying to cross the sidewalk. Uber said in an update that it wasn't actually in self-driving mode when this happened. They emphasized, "So, this is why we need to be pushing so hard for a self-driving future to help with safety." Kind of a funny instance. Lewis: Maybe more wordplay there, too, it seems. (laughs) And, last but not least, I know that you wanted to touch on Tesla, and how they are going about self-driving a little bit differently, just because they are not, by nature, a platform company, they are a manufacturer first, and that gives them some advantages when it comes to integrating their solutions, and maybe on the data side, as well. Sparks: Yeah. So, you have companies like Tesla, GM, in some ways, who are trying to work on the self-driving software, but also on the manufacturing. You look at Uber, when they're solely focused on the software for now, for self-driving, it does present some challenges, as far as testing these autonomous vehicles and getting them ready for the public roads works, because a company like Uber can't really give its sensors away to manufacturers. They would actually have to sell those sensors. And that's where the challenge is. How are they going to get these sensors over to all these manufacturers, and how are they going to get all this data about how these sensors are operating on the roads, unless they're actually getting the sensors into the cars? So, then you have companies like Tesla, who are already delivering vehicles with the self-driving sensors in them, they could run these sensors in shadow mode while people are driving in their normal daily routes, even while they're holding the wheel, and they could collect information and really start getting the data, because they're also a manufacturer. Of course, they're still making money on their sensors, because they're selling the car itself. Then, you have General Motors, similarly, they are a manufacturer, but they're also working, at least in part, with Lyft. And they've made some of their own acquisitions on developing a self-driving software. So, they can sell their cars, make money on their cars, and have a revenue stream with a business model already as they're putting these sensors in vehicles, and start collecting data. Of course, they are not to the point yet where they are already delivering cars with self-driving hardware like Tesla is, but I imagine that they could do that in the future as well, and run it in shadow mode. That's just an interesting point. Lewis: Yeah. There are a lot of things that are unclear about the self-driving car market. The one thing that is clear is that there are a bunch of different companies with a lot of money at their disposal trying to crack that nut a couple of different ways. Sparks: Right, yeah. It's a really uncertain space right now. I think that's the biggest takeaway from this. It's exciting, it's interesting, but these are all small portions of businesses. Even at a company like Tesla, there are no cars actually driving themselves on the road right now. All of these, investors should put it into perspective, I think. Lewis: Yeah. Well, listeners, that does it for this episode of Industry Focus. A couple of notes before we sign off. I wanted to let our listeners know about our Holiday Philanthropy Drive. This year, we've partnered with Growing Power to bring sustainable food and employment to at-risk communities around the United States. One in seven Americans are food insecure. Your donation can make a difference to a community in need. To learn more about Growing Power's mission and to donate, visit give.fool.com.  Also, the cast of Industry Focus wants to know what your favorite investing book is. Monday's Financials host Gaby Lapera is putting together a show highlighting some of the best reads to better understand the market. We want to know what you think. Shoot us an email at industryfocus@fool.com with your recommendation, and we'll be sure to get you our final list. You might even get a shout-out on the show. Of course, if you like the show, and you're looking for more of our stuff, subscribe on iTunes, or check out The Fool's family of shows at fool.com/podcasts. As always, people on the program may own companies discussed on the show, and The Motley Fool may have formal recommendations for or against stocks mentioned, so don't buy or sell anything based solely on what you hear. For Daniel Sparks, I'm Dylan Lewis, thanks for listening and Fool on! Suzanne Frey, an executive at Alphabet, is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. Daniel Sparks owns shares of Apple and Tesla Motors. Dylan Lewis owns shares of Alphabet (A shares), Apple, and Tesla Motors. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Alphabet (A shares), Alphabet (C shares), Apple, and Tesla Motors. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool recommends General Motors. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Daniel Sparks and Dylan Lewis (TMFDanielSparks) Daniel Sparks is a senior technology specialist at The Motley Fool. He served in the U.S. Army on active duty and graduated with an MBA from Colorado State University. Follow @danielsparks Article Info Dec 19, 2016 at 5:02PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $115.75 down $0.98 (-0.84%) Alphabet (A shares) NASDAQ:GOOGL $792.41 down $-10.47 (-1.30%) Tesla Motors NASDAQ:TSLA $213.69 down $0.99 (-0.46%) Alphabet (C shares) NASDAQ:GOOG $772.33 down $-10.46 (-1.34%) Read More Alphabet's YouTube Defends Ad-Supported Music Will Snapchat Spectacles Succeed Where Google Glass Failed? Maybe Google Can Save the Smartwatch Market App Streaming: Better for Google Than for Apple AMD Stock Surges on Google Cloud Deal Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current themotleyfool Waymo, and Way More Info on Self-Driving Cars #stocks $AAPL, $GOOGL, $TSLA, $GOOG
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Pokemon Go developers are reportedly making their own wearables Jacob Siegal •December 19, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share There was some drama over the weekend within the Pokemon Go community as 9to5Mac reported that development on the Apple Watch version of the game had been indefinitely suspended. Niantic attempted to extinguish the fire before it could spread by tweeting “Pokémon Go for Apple Watch is coming soon,” but wouldn’t confirm its original claim that the app would be ready before the end of 2016. Don't Miss: Super Mario Run’s first update paints a bleak picture for the app’s future There’s no question that the tweet was a direct response to 9to5Mac’s report, which is why the Apple-centric blog decided to take it a step further on Monday with an even more in-depth piece explaining why Niantic might have decided to delay or even cancel the app despite having partnered with Apple to announce it at the iPhone 7 media event in San Francisco earlier this year. According to 9to5Mac’s sources, Niantic is working on a wearable device of its own, built specifically to interact with its games. The sources say that Niantic is working with the company behind the Nex Band, and will announce an Ingress-branded smart brand next month. There’s even an image of the product: Source: 9to5MacMore The Nex + Ingress Band will reportedly feature “five touch sensitive displays with multi-color LEDs to offer customized notifications and icons, up to 4 day battery life, and fitness tracking features.” In other words, it could do everything an Apple Watch app could do for one of Niantic’s apps and more. Considering the insatiable appetite that Pokemon Go players have demonstrated for the Pokemon Go Plus wearable, it makes sense that Niantic would continue down this road. While the first band will be made for Ingress (the game that came before Pokemon Go), a Pokemon version might not be far behind. Pokémon Go for Apple Watch is coming soon. Stay tuned. — Pokémon GO (@PokemonGoApp) December 17, 2016 Providing 9to5Mac’s reporting is accurate, Niantic has put itself in something of a bind with its tweeted confirmation of the Apple Watch app’s availability. It certainly would have made sense for Niantic to launch a paid wearable of its own before putting out a free app for a third party, but now everyone’s paying attention. We’ll keep an eye out for any further updates regarding Pokemon Go for Apple Watch. Trending right now: Everything you need to know about Best Buy’s NES Classic sale tomorrow $12 gadget brings a mind-blowing experience to any HDTV This pocket-sized Windows 10 PC costs less than $200 See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next 9 tech-friendly gifts for people obsessed with travel Yahoo Tech CNN uses screenshot from ‘Fallout 4’ to show how Russians hack things BGR News Facebook launches live 360-degree video feature Yahoo Tech The battle between SSD and HDD is over, and the winner is clear Digital Trends Celebrity sues Tesla, claims Model X drove itself through a wall and into his house BGR News A theory that challenges Newton’s and Einstein’s gravity and nixes dark matter passed its first test Quartz Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo Finance
null
Skip to content SAT Press Releases pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Submit the press release Our Team & Contact Posted on December 19, 2016December 19, 2016 by Monika Donimirska Global Internet Data Center Industry LONDON, Dec. 19, 2016 /PRNewswire/ — This report analyzes the worldwide markets for Internet Data Centers in US$ Million. The report provides separate comprehensive analytics for the US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific, Latin America, and Rest of World. Annual estimates and forecasts are provided for the period 2015 through 2022. Also, a six-year historic analysis is provided for these markets. Market data and analytics are derived from primary and secondary research. Company profiles are primarily based on public domain information including company URLs. The report profiles 87 companies including many key and niche players such as – 21Vianet Group, Inc.Amazon.com, Inc.Apple, Inc.AT&T Inc.BT Global Services plc Download the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/960426/ I. INTRODUCTION, METHODOLOGY & PRODUCT DEFINITIONS Study Reliability and Reporting Limitations I-1 Disclaimers………….. I-2 Data Interpretation & Reporting Level I-2 Quantitative Techniques & Analytics I-3 Product Definitions and Scope of Study I-3 II. EXECUTIVE SUMMARY 1. INDUSTRY OVERVIEW………….. II-1 Data Centers Market: Growing Data Storage Needs of Businesses Drive Growth………….. II-1 Sustained Growth in Global Data Center Traffic & Capacity Additions………….. II-3 Table 1: Global Data Center IP Traffic in Zettabytes for the Years 2014, 2016, 2018 & 2020 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)………….. II-3 Table 2: Global Data Center Market (2012-2016): New Floor Space Capacity Additions in Thousand Square Feet (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)…………..II-4 Table 3: Global Data Center Market (2012-2016): Total Installed Capacity in Million Square Feet (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)…………..II-4 Table 4: Global Data Center Market by Segment (2015): Percentage Share Breakdown of Installed Base for Internet Data Centers and Service Provider Data Centers (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)…………..II-5 Internet Data Centers (IDCs) Market: An Overview II-5 Key Factors Aiding Expansion of Internet Data Center Market – Ranked by Importance Attached by Enterprises II-5 Developed Markets: Key Revenue Contributors II-6 Developing Markets: Hotspots for Future Growth II-7 Assessing the Impact of Economic Upheavals on IDC Market II-7 Stable Economic Outlook to Keep Market Sentiment Intact in the Immediate Term…………..II-8 Table 5: World Real GDP Growth Rates in % by Country/Region (2014-2017P) (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-9 2. KEY TRENDS, DRIVERS & CHALLENGES…………..II-10 Data Explosion Results in Increased Buying of Data Center Capacity………….. II-10 Table 6: Global IP Traffic Scenario (2015 & 2019): IP Traffic Volume in Exabytes (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-11 Table 7: Global IP Traffic Scenario (2015): Percentage Share Breakdown of Internet Consumption by Region/Country (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)…………..II-11 Table 8: Global IP Traffic Scenario (2015): Percentage Share Breakdown of Internet Consumption by Consumer Segment (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-12 Table 9: Global IP Traffic Scenario (2015 & 2019): Percentage Share Breakdown of Traffic Volume by Connection Type (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-12 An Overview of Key Factors Influencing IP Traffic Growth & Bandwidth Needs………….. II-12 Sharp Increase in the Number of Internet Subscribers II-12 Table 10: Global Internet Usage: Number of Internet Subscribers (in Million) and Penetration Rate (%) by Geographic Region for the Year 2015 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)………….. II-13 Faster Broadband Speeds…………..II-14 Table 11: Increase in Internet Speeds: Breakdown of Average Internet Connection Speeds in MBPS by Select Countries for the Year 2015 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-15 Increasing Penetration of IP-enabled Devices II-15 Table 12: Global Smartphones Market (2015 & 2019): Annual Shipments of Smartphones (in ‘000 units) by Region/Country(includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-16 Table 13: Global Portable Devices Market (2015 & 2019): Percentage Share Breakdown of Unit Sales by Device Type (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-17 Table 14: Global Wireless Communication Market (2015 & 2019): Percentage Share Breakdown of Traffic Volume by Device Type (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-17 Increased Consumption of Social Media Tools II-18 Proliferation of Bandwidth-Intensive Applications II-18 Internet of Things (IoT) to Drive Future Growth of IDC II-19 Increasing Penetration of Cloud Services Set to Accelerate Market Expansion………….. II-20 Cloud Sprawl on the Course to Stretch IDC Footprint II-20 Table 15: Global Data Center IP Traffic Growth (2015 & 2020P): Percentage Share Breakdown of IP Traffic by Type of Data Center – Cloud Data Center and Traditional Data Center (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-21 Table 16: Global Cloud Data Center Market (2015 & 2020P): Percentage Breakdown of Data Center Installed Workloads by Type – Private Cloud Data Center and Public Cloud Data Center (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-22 Explosion of Big Data: Opportunity Indicator for IDC II-22 Demand for Datacenter Space Increases as Big Data Ventures into the Cloud………….. II-23 IDC Market Benefits from Expanding Role of ‘Mobility’ in Enterprise Sector…………..II-24 BYOD Leads the ‘Enterprise Mobility’ Penetration II-24 Key Factors Encouraging BYOD Trend among Enterprises Ranked by Importance Attached by Enterprises II-25 Mobile App Development to Foster Data Center Growth II-25 Table 17: Leading Smartphone Apps in the US: Ranked by the Number of Average Unique Users for the Year 2015 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)…………..II-26 Software Defined Data Center Widens the Scope and Span of IDC II-27 Growing Emphasis on Web-Scale IT Puts Focus on Software Defined IDC………….. II-28 Software Defined Data Centers Leverage New Line of SoCs II-29 Colocation IDCs Grow in Popularity II-29 Table 18: Global Colocation Data Center Market (2015): Percentage Share Breakdown of Operational Colocation Data Centers by Region (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-30 Sustained High Demand for Datacenter Outsourcing Drives Growth II-30 Data Center Managed Services See Increased Adoption II-31 An Overview of Data Center Managed Services II-31 Hosting Services Aid Market Expansion II-31 Greening of Datacenters: IDCs Score the Highest II-32 Shift Towards Carrier-Neutral Data Centers Remains Profound II-32 Virtual Data Centers Grab Market Attention II-33 An Overview of Key Benefits offered by Virtual Data Center II-33 No Need for Dedicated Servers for Each Application II-33 No Vendor Lock-Ins…………..II-34 Convenient Migration to Cloud…………..II-34 Full-Fledged Disaster Recovery Support II-34 Cost Savings………….. II-34 Other Benefits………….. II-34 High Thrust on Consolidation Propels Uptake of Virtual Data Centers………….. II-34 Mega Data Center: The New ‘Mega’ Trend II-35 Undersea Cable Networks Improve Connectivity between Data Centers II-35 Data Center Security Gains Prominence Amid Steep Increase in Traffic Volumes and Growth in Connected Devices II-36 IDC Operators Prioritize Security Platforms Offering 360 Degree Visibility………….. II-37 Stringent Regulatory Compliance Requirements Drive the Need for Comprehensive Data Center Security II-38 Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA) II-38 Sarbanes-Oxley (SOX) Act…………..II-39 Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS) II-39 Small and Mid-Sized Businesses: A Lucrative Market Segment II-39 Large Enterprises’ Shift from Captive Model to IDC Augurs Well for Market Growth…………..II-40 IDC Services Assume Critical Importance in the Government Sector II-40 Banking Companies Embrace IDC Amid Rapidly Evolving Role of IT in Daily Operations…………..II-40 Media & Entertainment Companies Lean Towards IDC for Consistent Content Quality…………..II-41 Healthcare: High Potential Market for Data Centers II-41 Threats & Challenges in the IDC Market II-42 3. PRODUCT OVERVIEW………….. II-43 Internet Data Center (IDC): An Introduction II-43 IDC Vs Conventional Data Center: A Comparative Analysis II-43 Rationale for IDC Deployment…………..II-43 Design………….. II-44 Classification………….. II-44 Types of Internet Data Centers II-45 Shared Facility Centers…………..II-45 Stand-alone Centers…………..II-45 Modular Centers………….. II-45 Pre-Built Centers…………..II-46 Mobile data Centers…………..II-46 Applications of IDCs…………..II-46 Data Center: A Historical Perspective II-46 4. RECENT INDUSTRY ACTIVITY…………..II-48 CloudFlare Commences New Data Centers in Minneapolis and Oslo II-48 Google Inks Peering Deal with Level 3 Communications II-48 CSC to Relocate its Headquarters to Tysons II-48 Equinix to Launch Four New IBX® Data Centers II-48 H5 Data Center Snaps Up NextFort II-48 Equinix and Telecity Group Merge II-48 BT Receives Large Data Centre Services Contract from Bromley Council………….. II-49 Equinix to Build New IBX® Data Center in Brazil II-49 IBM to Launch New IBM Cloud Data Center in Johannesburg II-49 FIS Acquires SunGard…………..II-49 CenturyLink and LGS Innovations to Upgrade DREN II-49 ManagedWay Takes Over Waveform Technology II-49 Digital Realty Trust to Acquire Telx II-50 Zayo Group to Acquire Operating Units of Latisys Holdings II-50 Aligned Data Centers to Introduce Consumption-Based Pricing Scheme………….. II-50 Equinix to Acquire Bit-isle…………..II-50 NTT Comm to Acquire Majority Stake in e-shelter II-50 TelecityGroup and Interxion to Merge II-50 Equinix Inaugurates LD6 IBX® Facility II-50 Rostelecom Acquires Majority Stake in SafeData II-51 21Vianet and Microsoft Renew Partnership II-51 China Unicom and Telefónica Collaborate II-51 CloudFlare Launches Three New Data Centres in India II-51 Wipro Launches Open Data Center – Centre of Excellence II-51 IBM Inaugurates Public Cloud Data Centre in Chennai II-51 Microsoft Inaugurates New Cloud Data Centers in India II-51 STT to Acquire Controlling Stake in Tata Communications’ Data Centre Business………….. II-52 NTT Communications to Acquire Cyber CSF II-52 NTT Communications Commences Thailand Bangkok 2 Data Center II-52 CenturyLink forms New Partnership with NextDC II-52 GPX Global Systems Inaugurates New Data Centre Facility in Cairo II-52 Equinix to Expand RJ2 Rio De Janeiro Data Center II-52 GAWK Acquires WebRunners…………..II-53 IBM Extends SoftLayer Services to Additional Cloud Data Centers II-53 CenturyLink Renames Savvis as Century Link Technology Solutions II-53 Zayo Acquires Colo Facilities Atlanta II-53 Verizon Deploys Carrier-Neutral Capability in Five US Data Centers………….. II-53 Interoute Communications Takes Over Vtesse II-53 21Vianet Group Signs Partnership Agreement with Foxconn Technology………….. II-53 1-Net Singapore Launches 1-Net North II-54 Equinix Takes Over ALOG Data Centers II-54 5. FOCUS ON SELECT PLAYERS…………..II-55 21Vianet Group, Inc. (China)…………..II-55 Amazon.com, Inc. (US)…………..II-55 Apple, Inc. (US)………….. II-55 AT&T Inc. (US)………….. II-56 BT Global Services plc (UK)…………..II-56 CenturyLink, Inc. (US)…………..II-57 Cogent Communication, Inc. (US)…………..II-57 Compañía Anónima Nacional Teléfonos de Venezuela (Venezuela) II-58 Computer Sciences Corporation (US) II-58 Equinix, Inc. (US)…………..II-58 Fidelity Information Services, LLC (US) II-59 Google, Inc. (US)………….. II-59 International Business Machines Corporation (IBM) (US) II-59 Level 3 Communications, Inc. (US) II-60 Microsoft Corporation (US)…………..II-60 QTS Realty Trust, Inc. (US)…………..II-61 Reliance Communications Ltd. (India) II-61 Servicios Alestra, S.A. de C.V. (Mexico) II-61 Verizon Communications, Inc. (US) II-62 6. GLOBAL MARKET PERSPECTIVE…………..II-63 Table 19: World Recent Past, Current and Future Analysis For Internet Data Centers by Geographic Region – US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific (excluding Japan), Latin America and Rest of World Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Service Revenues in US$ Million for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-63 Table 20: World Historic Review For Internet Data Centers by Geographic Region – US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific (excluding Japan), Latin America and Rest of World Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Service Revenues in US$ Million for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)………….. II-64 Table 21: World 14-Year Perspective for Internet Data Centers by Geographic Region – Percentage Breakdown of Revenues for US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific (excluding Japan), Latin America and Rest of World Markets for Years 2009, 2016 and 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-65 III. MARKET 1. THE UNITED STATES………….. III-1 A.Market Analysis………….. III-1 Outlook………….. III-1 Enterprise Thrust towards Colocation Creates Opportunities for IDC………….. III-1 Expanding Role of Multi-Tenant Data Centers to Benefit Market Growth………….. III-1 IDC Operators Focus on Energy Efficiency III-1 Table 22: Data Center Energy Consumptions for 2014 & 2020 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-2 Table 23: Data Center Power Consumption in the US by Type (2015): Percentage Breakdown of Volume Consumption for Enterprise, High-Performance Computing, Hyper-Scale Cloud Computing, Multi-Tenant, and Small & Mid-Size Data Centers (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-3 Competitive Scenario…………..III-3 Equinix: Clear Leader in the Colocation Data Center Market III-3 Table 24: Leading Players in the US Colocation Data Center Market (2015): Percentage Share Breakdown of Revenues for AT&T, CenturyLink-Savvis, Equinix, FIS-SunGard, Verizon, and Others (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-3 Strategic Corporate Developments III-4 Key Players………….. III-6 B.Market Analytics…………..III-12 Table 25: US Recent Past, Current and Future Analysis for Internet Data Centers Market with Annual Service Revenues in US$ Million for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)…………..III-12 Table 26: US Historic Review for Internet Data Centers Market with Annual Service Revenues in US$ Million for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-13 2. CANADA………….. III-14 Market Analysis………….. III-14 Table 27: Canadian Recent Past, Current and Future Analysis for Internet Data Centers Market with Annual Service Revenues in US$ Million for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-14 Table 28: Canadian Historic Review for Internet Data Centers Market with Annual Service Revenues in US$ Million for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-15 3. JAPAN………….. III-16 A.Market Analysis………….. III-16 Outlook………….. III-16 Strategic Corporate Development III-16 B.Market Analytics…………..III-16 Table 29: Japanese Recent Past, Current and Future Analysis for Internet Data Centers Market with Annual Service Revenues in US$ Million for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-16 Table 30: Japanese Historic Review for Internet Data Centers Market with Annual Service Revenues in US$ Million for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-17 4. EUROPE………….. III-18 A.Market Analysis………….. III-18 Outlook………….. III-18 Market Overview………….. III-18 Near Normalcy in Economic Climate to Pump New Investments into IDC Market…………..III-18 Table 31: European Datacenter Market (2014): Percentage Share Breakdown of Datacenter Space by Segment (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)…………..III-19 B.Market Analytics…………..III-20 Table 32: European Recent Past, Current and Future Analysis for Internet Data Centers by Geographic Region – France, Germany, Italy, UK, Spain, Russia and Rest of Europe Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Service Revenues in US$ Million for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)………….. III-20 Table 33: European Historic Review for Internet Data Centers by Geographic Region – France, Germany, Italy, UK, Spain, Russia and Rest of Europe Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Service Revenues in US$ Million for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-21 Table 34: European 14-Year Perspective for Internet Data Centers by Geographic Region – Percentage Breakdown of Revenues for France, Germany, Italy, UK, Spain, Russia and Rest of Europe Markets for Years 2009, 2016 and 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-22 4a. FRANCE………….. III-23 Market Analysis………….. III-23 Table 35: French Recent Past, Current and Future Analysis for Internet Data Centers Market with Annual Service Revenues in US$ Million for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-23 Table 36: French Historic Review for Internet Data Centers Market with Annual Service Revenues in US$ Million for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-24 4b. GERMANY………….. III-25 A.Market Analysis………….. III-25 Market Overview………….. III-25 Strategic Corporate Development III-25 B.Market Analytics…………..III-26 Table 37: German Recent Past, Current and Future Analysis for Internet Data Centers Market with Annual Service Revenues in US$ Million for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-26 Table 38: German Historic Review for Internet Data Centers Market with Annual Service Revenues in US$ Million for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-27 4c. ITALY………….. III-28 Market Analysis………….. III-28 Table 39: Italian Recent Past, Current and Future Analysis for Internet Data Centers Market with Annual Service Revenues in US$ Million for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-28 Table 40: Italian Historic Review for Internet Data Centers Market with Annual Service Revenues in US$ Million for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-29 4d. THE UNITED KINGDOM…………..III-30 A.Market Analysis………….. III-30 Outlook………….. III-30 Strategic Corporate Developments III-30 BT Global Services plc – A Key Player III-31 B.Market Analytics…………..III-32 Table 41: UK Recent Past, Current and Future Analysis for Internet Data Centers Market with Annual Service Revenues in US$ Million for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)…………..III-32 Table 42: UK Historic Review for Internet Data Centers Market with Annual Service Revenues in US$ Million for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-33 4e. SPAIN………….. III-34 Market Analysis………….. III-34 Table 43: Spanish Recent Past, Current and Future Analysis for Internet Data Centers Market with Annual Service Revenues in US$ Million for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-34 Table 44: Spanish Historic Review for Internet Data Centers Market with Annual Service Revenues in US$ Million for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-35 4f. RUSSIA………….. III-36 A.Market Analysis………….. III-36 Outlook………….. III-36 Strategic Corporate Development III-36 B.Market Analytics…………..III-36 Table 45: Russian Recent Past, Current and Future Analysis for Internet Data Centers Market with Annual Service Revenues in US$ Million for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-36 Table 46: Russian Historic Review for Internet Data Centers Market with Annual Service Revenues in US$ Million for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-37 4g. REST OF EUROPE………….. III-38 A.Market Analysis………….. III-38 Outlook………….. III-38 An Overview of Select Regional Markets III-38 Poland………….. III-38 Turkey………….. III-38 B.Market Analytics…………..III-39 Table 47: Rest of Europe Recent Past, Current and Future Analysis for Internet Data Centers Market with Annual Service Revenues in US$ Million for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-39 Table 48: Rest of Europe Historic Review for Internet Data Centers Market with Annual Service Revenues in US$ Million for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)………….. III-40 5. ASIA-PACIFIC………….. III-41 A.Market Analysis………….. III-41 Asia-Pacific IDC Market On A Roll III-41 Rapid Growth Projections for IoT Bode Well for Market Growth III-41 Datacenter Colocation and Managed Hosting Services Drive Market Momentum…………..III-42 B.Market Analytics…………..III-43 Table 49: Asia-Pacific Recent Past, Current and Future Analysis for Internet Data Centers by Geographic Region – China, India, and Rest of Asia-Pacific Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Service Revenues in US$ Million for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-43 Table 50: Asia-Pacific Historic Review for Internet Data Centers by Geographic Region – China, India, and Rest of Asia-Pacific Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Service Revenues in US$ Million for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-44 Table 51: Asia-Pacific 14-Year Perspective for Internet Data Centers by Geographic Region – Percentage Breakdown of Revenues for China, India, and Rest of Asia-Pacific Markets for Years 2009, 2016 and 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)………….. III-45 5a. CHINA………….. III-46 A.Market Analysis………….. III-46 Chinese IDC Market to Register Sturdy Growth III-46 High Penetration of Internet Boosts Market Prospects III-46 Key Statistical Data…………..III-47 Table 52: Chinese Data Center Market: New Floor Space Capacity Additions in Thousand Square Meters for 2012-2016 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-47 Table 53: Chinese Data Center Market: New Investments on Data Centers in US$ Million for 2012-2016 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-47 Table 54: Chinese Data Center Market by Type (2015): Percentage Share Breakdown of Unit Count for Micro, Small, Medium, and Large Data Centers (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)………….. III-48 Table 55: Chinese Data Center Market by Type (2015): Percentage Share Breakdown of Data Center Floor Space Capacity for Micro, Small, Medium, and Large Data Centers (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-48 Strategic Corporate Developments III-48 21vianet Group, Inc. – A Key Player III-49 B.Market Analytics…………..III-50 Table 56: Chinese Recent Past, Current and Future Analysis for Internet Data Centers Market with Annual Service Revenues in US$ Million for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-50 Table 57: Chinese Historic Review for Internet Data Centers Market with Annual Service Revenues in US$ Million for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-51 5b. INDIA………….. III-52 A.Market Analysis………….. III-52 Market Overview………….. III-52 Indian Market Set to Ride Data Center Growth Wave III-52 Strategic Corporate Developments III-53 Reliance Communications Ltd. – A Key Player III-54 B.Market Analytics…………..III-54 Table 58: India Recent Past, Current and Future Analysis for Internet Data Centers Market with Annual Service Revenues in US$ Million for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)…………..III-54 Table 59: India Historic Review for Internet Data Centers Market with Annual Service Revenues in US$ Million for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-55 5c. REST OF ASIA-PACIFIC…………..III-56 A.Market Analysis………….. III-56 Outlook………….. III-56 An Overview of Select Regional Markets III-56 Australia………….. III-56 Table 60: Australian Data Center Market (2015): Percentage Share Breakdown of Investments by Data Center Type (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-57 Table 61: Australian Data Center Market (2015 & 2020): Percentage Share Breakdown of Revenues by Service Type (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-57 Singapore………….. III-58 Thailand………….. III-58 Strategic Corporate Developments III-58 B.Market Analytics…………..III-59 Table 62: Rest of Asia-Pacific Recent Past, Current and Future Analysis for Internet Data Centers Market with Annual Service Revenues in US$ Million for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-59 Table 63: Rest of Asia-Pacific Historic Review for Internet Data Centers Market with Annual Service Revenues in US$ Million for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)………….. III-60 6. LATIN AMERICA………….. III-61 Market Analysis………….. III-61 Table 64: Latin American Recent Past, Current and Future Analysis for Internet Data Centers by Geographic Region – Brazil and Rest of Latin America Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Service Revenues in US$ Million for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-62 Table 65: Latin American Historic Review for Internet Data Centers by Geographic Region – Brazil and Rest of Latin America Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Service Revenues in US$ Million for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-63 Table 66: Latin American 14-Year Perspective for Internet Data Centers by Geographic Region – Percentage Breakdown of Revenues for Brazil and Rest of Latin America Markets for Years 2009, 2016 and 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)………….. III-64 6a. BRAZIL………….. III-65 A.Market Analysis………….. III-65 Outlook………….. III-65 Strategic Corporate Developments III-65 B.Market Analytics…………..III-66 Table 67: Brazil Recent Past, Current and Future Analysis for Internet Data Centers Market with Annual Service Revenues in US$ Million for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-66 Table 68: Brazil Historic Review for Internet Data Centers Market with Annual Service Revenues in US$ Million for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-67 6b. REST OF LATIN AMERICA…………..III-68 A.Market Analysis………….. III-68 Outlook………….. III-68 Key Players………….. III-68 B.Market Analytics…………..III-69 Table 69: Rest of Latin America Recent Past, Current and Future Analysis for Internet Data Centers Market with Annual Service Revenues in US$ Million for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-69 Table 70: Rest of Latin America Historic Review for Internet Data Centers Market with Annual Service Revenues in US$ Million for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)………….. III-70 7. REST OF WORLD………….. III-71 A.Market Analysis………….. III-71 Outlook………….. III-71 Africa’s Data Center Industry: On Expansion Mode III-71 South Africa: A Niche IDC Market III-71 Strategic Corporate Developments III-72 B.Market Analytics…………..III-73 Table 71: Rest of World Recent Past, Current and Future Analysis for Internet Data Centers Market with Annual Service Revenues in US$ Million for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-73 Table 72: Rest of World Historic Review for Internet Data Centers Market with Annual Service Revenues in US$ Million for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)………….. III-74 IV. COMPETITIVE LANDSCAPE Total Companies Profiled: 87 (including Divisions/Subsidiaries – 98) The United States (49) Canada (2) Japan (8) Europe (9) – Germany (2) – The United Kingdom (3) – Spain (1) – Rest of Europe (3) Asia-Pacific (Excluding Japan) (25) Latin America (2) Africa (2) Middle-East (1) Download the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/960426/ About Reportbuyer Reportbuyer is a leading industry intelligence solution that provides all market research reports from top publishers http://www.reportbuyer.com SOURCE ReportBuyer CategoriessatPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Penthouse At Dancing Bear Aspen Sells For $16 Million, Setting New Price Per Square Foot Record Of $5,427 Per Foot In Aspen Real Estate Market Next PostNext Australia Telecommunications Report Q4 2016 Search Search for: Search Submit the press release now! Recent Posts NOAA GOES-R satellite black wing ready for flight January 3, 2017 Whale of a target: Harpooning space debris January 3, 2017 NOAA’s GOES-R satellite Magnetometer ready for spacecraft integration January 3, 2017 Satellite galaxies put astronomers in a spin January 3, 2017 World’s first ZigBee-based inter-satellite comms system January 3, 2017 Proudly powered by WordPress
null
DOW JONES, A NEWS CORP COMPANY News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. DOW JONES Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Newsmart NewsPlus Private Markets Risk & Compliance WSJ.com WSJ Pro WSJ Conference WSJ Video NEWS CORP Big Decisions Business Spectator Checkout51 Harper Collins New York Post PropTiger REA realtor.com Storyful The Australian The Sun The Times Nikkei ▲ 19114.37 -0.16%   Hang Seng ▲ 22107.01 0.48%   U.S. 10 Yr ▲ 0/32 yield 2.445%   Crude Oil ▲ 54.05 0.61%   Yen ▲ 117.39 -0.19%   DJIA ▲ 19762.60 -0.29%   Subscribe Now Sign In The Wall Street Journal Sections My Journal Home World U.S. Politics Economy Business Tech Markets Opinion Arts Life Real Estate Today's Paper SHOW ALL SECTIONS HIDE ALL SECTIONS World Home Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Economy World Video U.S. Home Economy Law New York Politics Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Home Think Tank Washington Wire Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Home Real Time Economics Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Home Management Tech/WSJ.D Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Home CIO Journal Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Home Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Home Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Home Arts in Review Books Speakeasy Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Home Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Home Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion Real Estate Video HIDE ALL SECTIONS Aim higher, reach further. Get the Wall Street Journal $12 for 12 weeks. Subscribe Now Sign In Reveal Navigation Options Home World Regions Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Blogs Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Sections Economy More World Video U.S. Sections Economy Law New York Politics Columns & Blogs Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire More Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Blogs Think Tank Washington Wire More Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Blogs Real Time Economics More Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Sections Management Tech/WSJ.D Industries Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail C-Suite CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Columns & Blogs Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street More Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Sections CIO Journal Columns & Blogs Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan More Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Sections Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Columns & Blogs Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape More CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Sections Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns & Blogs Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary More Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Sections Arts in Review Books Blogs Speakeasy More Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Sections Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Blogs Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix More Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Sections Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion More Real Estate Video Search SEARCH → Subscribe Sign In Twitter China Chief Kathy Chen Departs SpaceX Launches Set to Resume Keywords Think Like a Futurist to Be Prepared for the Totally Unexpected States Wire Up Roads as Cars Get Smarter Chinese Access to U.S. Semiconductor Industry May Be Curbed SoftBank Hopes Trump Connection Reopens Doors for Sprint Foxconn Deepens Investment in China With $8.8 Billion Factory Gates Foundation Helps Fund HIV-Prevention Drug Pump Chinese Nuclear Plant Delays Illustrate Toshiba’s Challenges Qualcomm Settles Patent Dispute With China’s Meizu Snap’s IPO Pitch to Tout Service as the Next Facebook Salesforce Banks on Rapid Revenue Growth Old-Line Companies Show Appetite for Tech Deals Not Everyone Wants to Shop on Amazon Twitter Reaches Out to Users for Ideas Christopher Mims Why 2016 Was a Watershed Year for Tech Personal Technology Tech That Will Change Your Life in 2017 Consumer Technology The Smart Way to Trade In Old Gadgets for Cash Gear & Gadgets The Best Podcasts for Self-Improvement Save Article Sign In to Save Subscribe to WSJ Text Size Regular Medium Large Google+ Print Tech Consumer Technology Facebook Messenger Brings Group Video Calling to Apps and Web In a move to one-up the competition, Facebook lets up to six people stream video at once By Nathan Olivarez-Giles Nathan Olivarez-Giles The Wall Street Journal CANCEL BiographyNathan Olivarez-Giles @nateog nateog Google+ Dec. 19, 2016 4:51 p.m. ET With Christmas, Hanukkah and New Year’s Eve days away, cell towers will soon be jammed with video calls. Facebook Inc. is powering up its Messenger app in hopes that people choose it over its competitors. On Monday, Facebook updated Messenger on Apple Inc.’s iOS, Alphabet Inc.’s Android operating systems and the desktop web, adding six-way video calling. With the update in place, up to six people can see each other live while... To Read the Full Story, Subscribe or Sign In Popular on WSJ Most Popular Videos Opinion Journal: Edward Snowden’s Lies The Next Generation of Roads That Talk to Cars Deadly New Year's Eve Plane Collision WSJ Opinion Picks of the Week Millions Have Never Ordered From Amazon. Here's Why Most Popular Articles Opinion: The Fable of Edward Snowden The Champions of the 401(k) Lament the Revolution They Started Re-Energized Dollar Looms Over the Rest of the World GOP Agenda Is Ambitious but Faces Complicated Path Luxury Apartment Boom Looks Set to Fizzle Wall Street Journal U.S. Edition U.S. Asia Europe India América Latina Brasil 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Edition: U.S. Asia Europe India América Latina Brasil 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Text Size: Small Medium Large Subscribe NowSign In WSJ Membership Benefits Download WSJ Apps Customer Center Legal Policies Subscribe Sign In TOP« WSJ Membership WSJ+ Membership Benefits Digital Subscription Print Subscription Print and Digital Subscription Why Subscribe? Download WSJ Apps for iOS and Android Corporate Subscriptions Professor Journal Student Journal Customer Service Customer Center Live Help Redesign Guided Tour Notice to Subscribers Tools & Features Emails & Alerts Guides My News RSS Feeds Topics Video Center Watchlist Podcasts Ads Advertise Advertise Locally Commercial Real Estate Ads Place a Classified Ad Sell Your Business Sell Your Home Recruitment & Career Ads More Content Partnerships Corrections Jobs at WSJ News Archive Register for Free Reprints Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube Podcasts Snapchat GooglePlay AppStore Windows10 Dow Jones Products Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Private Markets realtor.com Risk & Compliance WSJ Conference WSJ Pro Central Banking WSJ Video WSJ Wine Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Matt Gemmell Books KESTREL seriesAction/thriller CHANGEROut now! Non-fiction Raw MaterialsPersonal essays Resolving Plot IssuesWriting your novel Writing in MarkdownPlain text with structure About About Matt Gemmell Contact me Twitter Facebook Google+ Email Get news via email Blog Newest entries My favourite articlesStart here Archive & Search Subscribe via RSS Membership ☰  Go to… CHANGER Books About Blog Membership Search/Archive Twitter Get news via Email Subscribe via RSS My new book CHANGER is out now! An action-thriller novel — book 1 in the KESTREL series. ★★★★★ — Amazon Farewell to the Apple Watch Dec 19th, 2016 tech 4 min read A year and a half ago, I wrote effusively about how I’d integrated the Apple Watch into my life. There’s a companion piece, linked from that one, about how the device helped me to use my iPhone less too. Today, things have changed considerably, and I’m getting rid of my Apple Watch. I recently wrote about my perception of increasing problems with software quality at Apple, therein mentioning the problems my wife and I have had with various Apple apps and devices, notably including our Watches. At time of writing this article, watchOS 3.1.1 seems to have fixed the disproportionate battery drain, and hopefully also the workout-tracking inconsistencies — but for me, it’s come too late. It’s an old story. My trust was damaged, so I distanced myself and took time to re-evaluate what I really wanted, and found that I could manage just fine on my own. By the time solutions were offered, I was already mostly out the door. Maybe it’s a continuation of the iPad-ification of my personal technology; I’ve abandoned my MacBook, and now use an iPad full time — which has given me the same kind of abrupt, sobering change in perspective. I used the same strategy as always: just pay attention for a couple of weeks, and note what I’m actually using, and how that list differs from what I think I’m using. For the Watch, towards the end of my active period of use — which finished yesterday — I was: Checking the time or date often. Making contactless payments once or twice per day. Reading notifications for calls, messages, emails, and calendar events many times per day. Tracking workouts two or three times per day. But workout tracking got idiosyncratic and unreliable for a while, so I gave up on it weeks ago. It also stopped being useful for motivational purposes long before that; working out is part of my life now, and I genuinely don’t need a device to remind me or nudge me about it anymore. So remove that from the list. I can make contactless payments with any of my credit or debit cards on their own, or indeed with my iPhone. I have no payment methods left that aren’t contactless and instant. That’s just daily reality here in the UK. Maybe it’s more novel and a greater gain in convenience in the US (I don’t know; their payment technology and authentication seems primitive in comparison to here), but actually the Watch was the least comfortable way for me to pay, due to the wrist-twisting involved, even if it did seem the most futuristic. I’m not going to shed any tears about that, as I’ll just wave my card or phone at the reader instead. So remove that from the list too. Time and date: any watch will do that. And as for notifications from my phone, or rather a very select subset of them (and I really ought to disable email notifications anyway) — lots of fitness trackers can show you those from iOS, without the need for any jailbreaking or other nonsense. And then there’s nothing left. Nothing except the lowest battery life of any fitness-focused wearable out there today, and inordinately lengthy software updates, and #AppleSoftwareQuality, and a vast array of features that I never, ever use. To wit: I had no third-party Watch apps. Their complications (mini-displays on the watch face) don’t update reliably enough, for one thing, and I just never saw the need. Pointless distraction. I disabled all forwarded notifications except for the basic ones noted above. I switched off the reminders about Stand hours, because the Watch isn’t very good at actually recognising when you’ve moved sufficiently. I always move around for at least a minute every hour. It can unlock my MacBook (about once in every three attempts), but… I don’t use a MacBook anymore. My usage pattern was ludicrous, given what the thing can do. To me, it was a wristwatch with some notifications, and I was charging it every night. The notional benefit of long-term heart-rate monitoring (I have a heart condition) is nullified by it only taking readings every ten minutes unless you’re actively in a workout, which of course consumes a lot of power and can’t possibly be left on all day. And because of Apple Pay, I had to unlock the thing every time I put it back on. What I actually need is something much simpler as a health tracker, and a basic timepiece. If Apple happens to make a future model with truly multi-day battery life (when tracking 2-3 workouts per day, and constant heart-rate monitoring at least every five seconds), plus an always-on time display, I might be interested again. For now, no. I’m a different person than I was, and this kind of gadgetry needs to fade into the background. It was too demanding, in terms of the overly-clever interface of swipes and taps and wheel-spinning and button-pressing, and it’s silly to plug your wristwatch into power every night. That’s not to say the Apple Watch isn’t a great device! It integrates really well with an iPhone (which I still use far less than I did before the Watch), it’s reasonably attractive given its technological constraints, it’s comfortable to wear, the build quality for me has been exceptional (I have the stainless steel model with sapphire glass, which is the most miraculously tough electronic device I have ever owned, by a very large margin), and it certainly does a lot of stuff. Oh, and I loved changing the watch band to suit my mood. Never got tired of that. It’s almost as impressive a gadget as it was when I previously wrote about it — but I just don’t have the same relationship with it anymore. It’s another of the recharge-craving, update-requiring, computery things in the house, and I’d pared back my usage pattern past the point of credibility. It became overkill, because Apple dropped the ball and made me reconsider how much I needed it, and the final verdict wasn’t in its favour. Perhaps, as with the iPad, I’ll circle back around in a few years’ time when the balance of promise versus compromise looks somewhat different. But for now, I need to cut this thing out of my life, and simplify — so that’s what I’m doing. My wife already sold her Watch, and I’m following close behind. I’ll strap on a Fitbit Charge 2, and/or my gold Rotary as the occasion requires, and find something more important to think about instead. Twitter Facebook Google+ Email My writing is supported by readers like you. Become a member for exclusive benefits. ← Thoughts on Ulysses and Scrivener Apple Watch for sale → Copyright © 2016 Matt Gemmell About Books Twitter
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Apple in 2017: What’s next for Mac, iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch & Apple TV this year Trending in Apple Apple Watch, New Year’s resolutions, and losing 50 pounds Trending in Reviews Hands-on: LG Apple-endorsed 5K Display – an UltraFine choice for MacBook Pro owners? [Video] Trending in Apple Review: Nanoleaf’s Aurora smart lighting panels match modular customization with HomeKit control [Video] Trending in Apple iPhone 8: Everything we currently know about Apple’s 10th anniversary flagship Trending in Apple Comment: Apple continues to explore bringing the Digital Crown to iPhones & iPads, and I still like the idea December 19, 2016 AAPL: 116.64 0.67 How to pair AirPods with Android, Apple TV, PC, older Macs, and more Greg Barbosa - 2 weeks ago @gregbarbosa AirPods how to View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Apple’s new AirPods are out, and first impressions are rolling in. One of the common misconceptions that arose when the AirPods were originally announced was that they could not pair with other non-Apple devices. Luckily, this just isn’t true. Apple’s W1 chip makes pairing to Apple devices incredibly easy, but it doesn’t stop other systems from pairing. If you want to pair the AirPods to an Android device, Apple TV, PC, or even an older Mac that doesn’t have Handoff support, read below on how to pair your AirPods to other Bluetooth devices. Apple’s AirPods include an auto-pairing function thanks to iCloud’s support. This means that all devices using your iCloud account will automatically pair to the AirPods and you’ll be able to play music from them to the AirPods instantly. If you have an older iMac, MacBook, or MacBook Pro that doesn’t support Handoff, you most likely will have to go through the below steps to manual pair. You won’t get the ability to instantly play music from any device to the AirPods, but you will be able to at least use them as an audio output (and Siri works too!). 1) Before getting started, make sure your AirPods are inside the case and docked. 2) Open the charging case lid, making sure not to remove either of the AirPods just yet. 3) On the back, near the bottom of the AirPods charging case, there is a small circular button. Press and hold that until the LED between the AirPods at the top turns white and beings a slow rhythmic blink. 4) Go through the pairing process on your other Bluetooth device in the same way you would when pairing any other compatible device. 5) All done! To pair the AirPods with your Apple TV, follow Chance’s past how-to on keyboard pairing. Guides Apple AirPods Apple AirPods price, availability, features View THe Guide how to View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
close This ad will auto close in 10 seconds हिन्दी मराठी বাংলা हिन्दी हिन्दी मराठी বাংলা Live TV Live TV Toggle navigation INDIA City Mumbai Kolkata Pune Bengaluru Chennai Hyderabad Ahmedabad STATES Andhra Pradesh Assam Bihar Chhattisgarh Delhi NCR Goa Gujarat Haryana Himachal Pradesh Jammu and Kashmir Jharkhand Karnataka Kerala Madhya Pradesh Maharashtra North East Odisha Punjab Rajasthan Tamil Nadu Telangana Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand UTs West Bengal World Asia Africa Americas Europe Australia-Oceania Business Economy Markets Personal Finance Companies International Business Real Estate Market Stats Bullion Automobile Photo Gallery Videos SPORTS Cricket TECHNOLOGY Gadgets Mobiles Gaming Apps Internet & Social Media Science & Environment Space Environment Discoveries Science Entertainment Bollywood Television Music Regional Movie Reviews Hollywood LIFESTYLE People Relationships Travel Food & Recipes Fashion Culture Horoscope Spirituality HEALTH Blogs Photo VIDEO News » Business » Economy ﻿ Wall Street climbs, Nasdaq on verge of record high Reuters | Last Updated: Tuesday, December 20, 2016 - 01:54 0 Shares Facebook Twitter Whatsapp  Comment Follow @ZeeNews Washington: US stocks rose on Monday with the Nasdaq Composite in record territory as investors snapped up technology heavyweights Microsoft, Apple and Amazon.com. Major stock indexes trimmed gains after the Russian ambassador to Turkey was shot dead in Ankara. The S&P technology index <.SPLRCT> rose 0.66 percent, with Microsoft, Apple and Amazon.com lifting the Nasdaq Composite to within a hair of last Tuesday`s record high close. U.S. stocks have been on a tear since the Nov. 8 presidential election, with the S&P rising nearly 6 percent on bets that President-elect Donald Trump`s expected deregulation and infrastructure spending will boost the economy. "The Trump rally is still with us. Every time something`s down for two days, people jump on it. People are looking for buying opportunities," said Jake Dollarhide, chief executive officer of Longbow Asset Management in Tulsa, Oklahoma. The Dow Jones industrial average is less than 1 percent away from 20,000, a level it has never breached. However, some investors warn that uncertainty around Trump`s policies and the likelihood of them being approved by Congress pose major risks to current stock prices. In a speech, Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen said the U.S. labour market has improved to its strongest in nearly a decade, suggesting wage growth is picking up and underscoring expectations the central bank will continue to raise interest rates next year. At 2:43 pm ET, the Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> was up 0.26 percent at 19,894.76 points and the S&P 500 <.SPX> had gained 0.25 percent to 2,263.8. The Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> added 0.47 percent to 5,462.79. Microsoft rose 2.25 percent, Amazon.com gained 1.11 percent and Apple climbed 0.77 percent. All three provided the biggest boost to the Nasdaq and the S&P 500. United Technologies rose 1.8 percent, helping lift the Dow, after Credit Suisse upgraded the stock to "outperform" and increased its price target. Walt Disney rose 1.4 percent after its "Rogue One: A Star Wars Story" movie scored the second-largest December opening in history. Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 1.81-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.52-to-1 ratio favoured advancers. The S&P 500 posted 12 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 135 new highs and 29 new lows.   (Additional reporting by Tanya Agrawal in Bengaluru and Rodrigo Campos in New York; Editing by James Dalgleish)   First Published: Tuesday, December 20, 2016 - 01:54 Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus MOST READ TOP NEWS MOST VIEWED State Bank of India cuts lending rate by 0.9% across maturities Home, auto loans cheapest in 6 years as SBI, PNB, ICICI cut lending rates by up to 0.9%, other banks follow Eating at restaurants, hotels to be cheaper; govt says service charge on bill not compulsory Petrol price hiked by Rs1.29 per litre, diesel Rs 0.97 per litre India's core infrastructure sector growth rises to 4.9% in November Big relief to housewives from IT department New Year gift: Home, auto loans set to be cheaper Luxury cars to be launched in 2017 Bikes to be launched in 2017 Service charge in restaurant is not compulsary Prices of petrol in 10 major cities Prices of diesel in 10 major cities RBI introduces facility for NRIs to exchange old Rs 500, Rs 1000 notes up to June 2017 BSE's India International Exchange​ to go live post 'Makar Sankranti' Related News Wall Street ends solid 2016 on dour note TAGS Wall Street NASDAQ Nasdaq Composite US stocks Russian Ambassador Gallery 10 Major Cars Launched in 2016 10 Most Expensive Hotels In India Top 10 countries in ease of doing business TOP VIDEOS New Year gift: Home, auto loans set to be cheaper Govt keeps interest rates of small saving schemes unchanged Service charge in restaurant is not compulsary contact Privacy Policy Legal Disclaimer complaint Our Team investor info WHERE TO WATCH Careers Partner Site: DNA INDIA news India States World Technology Science & Environment Health Photo entertainment Bollywood television Music Regional Movie Reviews Hollywood lifestyle People Relationships Travel Food & Recipes Fashion Culture Horoscope Spirituality sports Cricket Football World Motorsports Golf Others Softspot Debate Blogs Exclusive Pics Videos business Automobile Economy Markets Personal Finance Market Stats Companies Real Estate Bullion International Business Photo Gallery India City Mumbai Kolkata Pune Bengaluru Chennai Hyderabad Ahmedabad STATES Andhra Pradesh Assam Bihar Chhattisgarh Delhi NCR Goa Gujarat Haryana Himachal Pradesh Jammu and Kashmir Jharkhand Karnataka Kerala Madhya Pradesh Maharashtra North East Odisha Punjab Rajasthan Tamil Nadu Telangana Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand UTs West Bengal World Asia Africa Americas Europe Australia-Oceania Technology Gadgets Mobiles Gaming Apps Internet & Social Media Science & Environment Space Environment Discoveries Science Hindi Home देश प्रदेश दुनिया खेल-खिलाड़ी कारोबार ज्ञान-विज्ञान मनोरंजन ज़ी स्पेशल सेहत तस्वीरें वीडियो भविष्यफल Marathi Home मुंबई महाराष्ट्र भारत विश्व स्पोर्ट्स बार कल्लाबाजी हेल्थ मंत्रा ब्लॉगर्स पार्क युथ क्लब Exclusive फोटो व्हिडिओ भविष्य Bengali Home Kolkata State Nation World Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Health Photos Videos Slideshows Weather Inverstors Home About ZMCL Listing Document Shareholding Pattern Presentations & Releases Board of Directors Financials-Annual Financials-Quarterly Q&A Transcripts Code of Conduct Notices © 1998-2016 Zee Media Corporation Ltd (An Essel Group Company), All rights reserved.
Pocket-lint News Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR All News Reviews Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR All Reviews Features YouTube Instagram Facebook Twitter Google+ search Phones Best Phone Cameras Fitness trackers Parent hub Smart home EE Pocket-lint Awards You now have another way to play Minecraft - on the Apple TV Elyse Betters19 December 2016Apps Minecraft Facebook Twitter Pintrest LinkedIn Google+ Mail Comment Minecraft is available everywhere - every platform, every device - including the latest Apple TV set-top box. The Apple TV edition of Minecraft has just launched. It doesn't come with multiplayer Minecraft Realms or Xbox Live support, but those features are coming. In the meantime, if you're willing to pay the $19.99 entry price, you will get access to seven DLC packs (Holiday 2015, Town Folk, and City Folk skin packs, along with the Plastic, Natural, Cartoon, and Festive 2016 mash-ups).  Apple CEO Tim Cook first revealed in October during an event that Minecraft was coming to Apple TV, but he didn't say too much more at the time. Now we know the Apple TV edition is on-par with other versions, minus the  multiplayer features, and it will include the recently announced Ender update that brings new single-player content and more. You can read about that update from here. If you need help figuring out how to find or download apps on Apple TV (fourth-gen), we got you covered. Go read this guide, in which we explain how to search for apps, download apps, re-download apps, and learn more about apps. Phew! Also, check out our pick of the best Apple TV apps available right now. Sections Microsoft Apple Apps TV Minecraft Source: Minecraft BlackBerry users get reprieve from WhatsApp cutoff Best budgeting apps: 7 apps to take control of your finances Best dieting apps: 8 apps to help you lose weight Apple iOS 10 tips and tricks: See what your iPhone and iPad can do now Popular In Apps On Pocket-lint New year: Seven tech resolutions to put on your list for 2017 BlackBerry users get reprieve from WhatsApp cutoff Best budgeting apps: 7 apps to take control of your finances Best dieting apps: 8 apps to help you lose weight New Year Playlist: Tips for making the ultimate streaming playlist using Spotify, Apple Music, and more Instagram tips and tricks: How to master the app and post amazing pics Super Mario Run for Android is coming, pre-registration now open Twitter and Periscope introduce live 360 video Wondershare TunesGo: How to manage music without iTunes Apple’s new TV app: What is it and how does it work? Amazon Echo vs Amazon Tap vs Echo Dot: What's the difference? LG launches Super UHD TVs with Nano Cell technology for more accurate colours Best fitness trackers 2017: The best activity bands to buy today Best smartphones to look forward to in 2017 HTC Ocean Note could be called the U Ultra Best smartwatches to look forward to in 2017 Dell unveils XPS 13 2-in-1 laptop at CES 2017 New Samsung Galaxy A series to fill gap until Galaxy S8, spec and release date revealed New year: Seven tech resolutions to put on your list for 2017 Whoa! Is Nissan about to add Microsoft Cortana to its cars? Comments search News All news Reviews Hands-on All reviews Features Buyer's guides Vs All features Sections Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR Popular Brands Apple Samsung HTC Microsoft Google Facebook Lego Panasonic LG Amazon Extras & Social Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Google+ YouTube Events Pocket-lint Gadget Awards Regulars Comps Copyright Pocket-lint ltd 2003 - 2017 Site map Contact us About us Reviews policy Site policy Advertise on Pocket-lint

CNET Reviews Best Products CNET 100 Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Crave Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home CNET Smart Home CNET Smart Apartment Smart Home News Smart Home How To Best Smart Home Devices Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español Where smartwatches are going wrong Commentary: Fitness trackers and smartwatches went off the rails in 2016. Here are some reasons why. Sarah Tew/CNET Wearable Tech by Scott Stein December 19, 2016 12:41 PM PST @jetscott Up Next The robots are coming to CES, and we can't wait to meet them Fitbit's latest earnings reports weren't good at all. Pebble sold itself at a firesale price (to Fitbit) and cancelled its future watches. Microsoft, Motorola and Intel appear to have halted (or at least suspended) their wearable product lines. The Samsung Gear S3 slid into the holidays with a whimper, not a bang. And while Apple claims it just had its best weekly sales of the Apple Watch ever, that comes after some deep holiday discounts -- and lackluster sales for the first three quarters of the year. In light of all that, it's hardly a surprise that sales of smartwatches and wearables are in a pretty significant downturn, according to a recent report by analyst firm IDC. What's going on? I've worn nearly all of the big new fitness trackers and smartwatches of the past two years. And that's why I'm not surprised that the market is cooling. The reason is simple: they're not doing anything new. Even with Apple's newest watches, don't expect battery life beyond two days. Photo by Sarah Tew/CNET Since early 2015, wrist gadgets feel like they've hit a standstill. Even the Apple Watch, to some degree. While some are better than others, none of them have risen to the must-have level of the hottest phones. It's not necessarily all bad news. CNET's holiday shopping survey said millennials were more likely to get smartwatches than tablets or TVs, at least. And, many smartwatches and fitness trackers I've tried in 2016 have gotten at least a little bit better than before, as well as more affordable. But here's where things have gone off the rails, and need to be readjusted for 2017 and onwards. Battery life has hit a wall Hybrid watches that cram fitness tracking into regular watches can push a year of battery, but with sacrifices. But for most other trackers and watches, the range is anywhere from a day to several weeks. Pebble's watches always fared the best, lasting up to a week compared to one or two-day watches from Google, Apple and Samsung. The Samsung Gear S3 added more battery to its larger design, but in wearing it I didn't see a ton of improvement. Most gadgets need regular charging at annoying and hard-to-predict intervals. Others that have replaceable batteries need to be unscrewed or detached, and it's surprisingly easy to forget. Some companies think they have solutions to improve battery life: the Matrix PowerWatch is said to use temperature gradients to charge, but we have yet to verify that lofty claim. 15 The top fitness trackers and smartwatches for the holidays Wearables aren't coaching any better, or helping give better life advice Remember when the Jawbone Up promised to help coach your life better? Or the Basis Peak? Or the Microsoft Band? Maybe you don't. I do. There have been many claims of "machine learning," algorithms that learn habits and help make suggestions, and data trends served up to assist. Right now, nothing really does anything like what was promised. Fitbit can suggest a bedtime, and convince you to achieve fitness goals... but smart coaching hasn't happened yet. The Apple Watch barely coaches at all. Samsung's Gear watches and bands send motivating messages, but no real analysis. Maybe these bands are hesitant to make suggestions on things that could impact health. Maybe heart-rate-based coaching hasn't evolved because wrist-worn optical heart rate sensors are inherently inaccurate, at least in a medical sense. Both the Apple Watch and Fitbit Charge 2 tried for breathing-based mindfulness apps this year, but neither does a ton for everyday wellness (at least, not for me). A few gadgets, like Intel's Oakley coaching sunglasses, are aiming to help... but progress has slowed down a lot. Wearables aren't sensing anything new beyond heart rate Throwing heart rate sensing on a wristband was the last major innovation in sensor tech on smartwatches and fitness bands, and that happened back in 2014. Watches and bands can't sense blood pressure, or blood sugar, or temperature, or intoxication levels or any other magic things. Maybe with plugins and other accessories, perhaps... but the dream of watches as magic sensor-bands has slowed to a crawl. Maybe the reason why Garmin, one of the few 2016 companies seeing a rise in shipments, has succeeded is because its running watches are far more targeted at specific users, or aim at shoring up functions like water resistance and GPS. Fancier watches, like TAG's, don't mean improved functions. Photo by Andrew Hoyle/CNET Fashion over function, to a fault We're so used to seeing fancy smartwatches now that it's not a surprise: it's boredom. Michael Kors has a smartwatch. TAG Heuer has a smartwatch. When does this all end? Apple, thankfully, stopped making its $10,000 gold watch. But its ceramic model still tops $1,000. Manufacturers have aced the hardware design of watches. The Samsung Gear S3 looks like a great, normal sports watch. The Asus Zenwatch 3 looks like a fancy watch. Fitbit took the fashion path and made lots of leather bands and golden bangles. Everything has bling. I'd take a better-working band over a fancy one any day... but function is hard to come by, and harder to ace. They're still dependent on phones, and can't live on their own There are some smartwatches, like the Gear S3, that can be their own phones. Sounds interesting, until you try one and realize that, at best, it can do a tiny fraction of what a phone does. Apps feel fragmented, too pared-down. It's hard to get information, or make things happen. They are, at best, devices to get quick reminders. (Battery life, meanwhile, is punishing.) That could change, if they were more fully featured hubs. Consider the Amazon Echo. Why does it feel so useful? Because, it can do just enough to be its own magic device. And aside from adding the occasional skill from the companion phone app, it doesn't require anything else. Smartwatches could be that way too, but they need to either have better voice-connected responsiveness or work seamlessly with things around us beyond phones. How would that work? Well, I have no good answers there. But phones managed it, eventually (remember when you had to tether an iPhone to your computer to activate it?). Maybe watches will need another handful of years to make that concept truly work. You can use the Samsung Gear S3 as a stand-alone phone, but I wouldn't recommend it. Photo by Sarah Tew/CNET Wireless networks haven't advanced to help these gadgets, especially in the home Suddenly, I've wandered out of phone range, and my watch or tracker buzzes. If I'm at home, on Wi-Fi, I might stay connected. Maybe not. Bluetooth 5 will double the range and improve speed on wireless connections, but it's unclear how that will help when everyone already has Wi-Fi at home. If you want to dream in a different direction, consider Wi-Gig. This high-bandwidth, short-range tech is being considered a killer tool to turn VR headsets wireless, or beam information across single rooms. The Neptune Duo was a bizarre watch-phone hybrid exploring how high-speed connections could bridge phone and watch in the future. That was vaporware, but maybe someone could come up with a better idea. Smartwatches aren't the magic wrist-superpower things we dreamed of Google Glass once seemed like it was a magic world-scanning lens. It wasn't. Smartwatches can, at first, seem like comic book magic on a wrist, suddenly connecting the world to our arms. That's still only part-true right now. I can see a lot on my watch, and feel connected, and track workouts, and scan my messages, and it's useful. But it's not magical. Not yet. They can't even do video calls. Watches need to do something more impressive than get messages and track fitness. People are amazed by the Amazon Echo. People are amazed by VR. People aren't amazed by smartwatches. Could they be? What would it take? If the industry can't get there, all the fashion designers in the world won't help. Share your voice 0 comments Tags Wearable Tech Fitbit Android Wear Fitness Related Stories CNET giveaway: TomTom Spark multisport GPS watch Wearable tech at CES 2017: Expect a quiet year 8 tips and tricks for Apple AirPods Best wearable tech of 2016 Close   Discuss: Where smartwatches are going wrong Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: The robots are coming to CES, and we can't wait to meet them Iyaz's Top 5 favorite gadgets The host of "Top 5" lets you know which devices he's thrilled with. by Iyaz Akhtar 1:57 Most anticipated tech coming in 2017 Get a taste of what gadget wonders this year holds in store. by Bridget Carey Close Drag CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Can the Enterprise Prop Up Apple Watch Sales? The Mac maker launches a new corporate wellness site for Apple Watch. Evan Niu, CFA (TMFNewCow) Dec 19, 2016 at 3:27PM Give investors some Apple Watch figures, Tim. Image source: Apple. The smartwatch market is at a critical inflection point right now. Unit volumes are plunging, just a year after Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) jumped in with Apple Watch. Mainstream consumers aren't really sold on the idea quite yet, especially if they don't place much value on fitness-oriented functionalities. Maybe the enterprise can pick up the slack? Apple has now launched a new Apple Watch microsite dedicated to corporate wellness, highlighting how companies can improve employee health with the wearable device. The site features a handful of health apps, as well as productivity apps. The volume discounts appear to kick in at 100 employees, at which point enterprise customers should contact Apple directly. Companies with less than 100 employees are told to just visit an Apple Store. This comes just a couple months after Apple scored a major Apple Watch win with Aetna, which now offers Apple Watch to its 50,000 employees as part of its own corporate wellness program. On top of that, Aetna will help subsidize the device for several large employers that it works with. But will they upgrade? It's somewhat uncharacteristic of Apple to target the enterprise, and the company has only really been actively catering to the enterprise for a couple of years now. The Mac maker has never really liked appealing to a purchasing manager or high-level exec that's responsible for buying in bulk. It would rather sell directly to individual users. That being said, Apple is always happy to have the business, even if the enterprise historically hasn't been a priority. That's also a challenge, particularly when you're asking consumers to adopt a new product category. Sure, it's nice if a company buys employees Apple Watches, but that doesn't necessarily mean they'll use them. And much of Apple's business is predicated on customer satisfaction driving ongoing hardware upgrades over time. A corporate wellness win could produce a spike in Apple Watch unit sales, but that hardly ensures the customer will jump on the upgrade track. Every little bit helps In the U.S. alone, companies spend an estimated $6 billion per year on corporate wellness programs, according to IBISWorld. This market will only expand as companies seek to reduce healthcare costs, even with uncertainty surrounding the fate of Obamacare. Grabbing part of that market would certainly help, but it takes a lot to move the needle for a $215 billion business. CEO Tim Cook recently attempted to assuage investor concerns about Apple Watch, but unfortunately those reassurances fell flat since Apple still doesn't disclose any meaningful detail surrounding Apple Watch's financial performance. Apple Watch can use all the help it can get right about now. Evan Niu, CFA owns shares of Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Evan Niu, CFA (TMFNewCow) Evan is a Senior Technology Specialist at The Motley Fool. He was previously a Senior Trading Specialist at a major discount broker, and worked briefly at Tesla Motors. Evan graduated from the University of Texas at Austin, and is a CFA charterholder. Follow @TMFNewCow Article Info Dec 19, 2016 at 3:27PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $115.75 down $0.98 (-0.84%) Read More If You Doubt Apple, Inc.'s Interest in Cars, Think Again Apple, Inc. Had a Merry Christmas How Risky is Apple Inc. Stock? These 3 Tech Stocks Are Ridiculously Cheap What Ever Happened to Apple iBeacons? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current themotleyfool Can the Enterprise Prop Up Apple Watch Sales? #stocks $AAPL
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: It's All Fun and Games for Dave and Buster's Entertainment The cast has the latest updates on wearables, music streaming, and a winning model for restaurants. Chris Hill and David Kretzmann (TMFWizard) Dec 19, 2016 at 2:42PM In this episode of Market Foolery, Chris Hill and David Kretzmann consider some of the latest developments at Dave & Buster's (NASDAQ:PLAY) as the company continues to defy the headwinds plaguing the restaurant industry. They also cover Fitbit's (NYSE:FIT) purchase of Pebble and why investors seem so enthusiastic about a potential tie-up between Pandora (NYSE:P) and Sirius XM (NASDAQ:SIRI). A transcript follows the video. This podcast was recorded on Dec. 7, 2016. Chris Hill: It's Wednesday, December 7th. Welcome to Market Foolery, I'm Chris Hill. Joining me in studio today from Supernova and Rule Breakers, David Kretzmann. Thanks for being here. David Kretzmann: Thank for having me, it's great to be here. Hill: We've got some news, which is always good, because this is a business news podcast. Kretzmann: The news fairy is very kind to us this week. Hill: The news fairy has been on a roll lately, so shout out to the news fairy, but let's start with some earnings from Dave and Buster's. Third quarter profits were not just higher than expected, they were 79% higher than expected. They also raised guidance for the full fiscal year. I mean, this company is just crushing it right now. Kretzmann: It's all the more impressive when you consider restaurants as a whole are having a very difficult time. You just have a handful of restaurants, and Dave and Buster's is one of them, that is still managing to attract people to the restaurants. People are still paying a good amount when they do visit the restaurants, but we've seen a lot of restaurants that have had a good run over the past few years suddenly see a decline in traffic, they're lowering guidance. When Dave and Buster's puts up results like this and raises guidance, it's understandable to see the stock pop 15% or so today. Hill: Yeah, the stock is hitting an all-time high today, and we'll get to the evaluation in a minute, but let's go back to the point that you hit on, that this really is ... look, it's December, it is the time for anyone who does anything related to business news to start to think about what is the year-end story going to be. What are the big stories of the year. Certainly, when you look at industries as individual groups, that has been the story in 2016 for restaurants -- that there really has been a slow down, particularly in the traditional restaurant space and also the fast casual space as well. As you said, this makes Dave and Buster's latest quarter not just all the more impressive, all the more surprising, because this is one of the most discretionary income focused stocks I can think of. When the economy is going well, then it's fair to expect a Dave and Buster's to do well, obviously they have to pull it off on the operational level, but they're doing that. Kretzmann: Yeah, they're doing really well. It really is the amusements or the arcade and games which now makes up over half of their sales, but that's what drove the same-store sales increase of 5.9% for the quarter. You had the arcade and games and amusements sales there were up about 10%. Food and beverage sales were up less than 1%, so those games are what are bringing people into the stores, and that's where people are spending a lot of their money when they do visit a Dave and Buster's. Hill: That's a little surprising to me. Not that the games is higher and more consequential than the food and beverage, but I would assume, and I would be wrong clearly, but I would assume that they would go hand in hand. That if you're spending more time at a Dave and Buster's playing more games, then at some point you're going to say, "Well, let's order another round of drinks, or let's order a little more food." Kretzmann: Yeah, you would think so. Something that the company is focusing on more is exclusive games. This summer they launched an exclusive Star Trek game, they had a couple others that came out within the past few months, so those games seem to be a big draw for people. Maybe once people are in the stores they see some games, they check it out, and there's almost like a loyalty rewards factor into that. You just get hooked on the games and that will keep you coming back to the stores. That's something that pretty much every other restaurant doesn't have, so that is a big differentiator for Dave and Buster's. I think the question is, how does this company perform when the economic situation takes a turn for the worse? On that note, restaurants I don't think have a whole lot of excuses anymore, because now the election is over. For a while people had been giving marco uncertainty as probably one of the main reasons that people were pinching pennies a little bit more, not going out, not spending money eating out. Now that you have the election over with, unemployment just hit, what, a nine year low at 4.6%. People should be eating out and restaurants need to do a better job of attracting people to those stores. The restaurants that prove their ability to do it, whether it's Texas Roadhouse, Dave and Buster's, Starbucks, those are the ones that will continue to be rewarded by Wall street and the stock market, as they should be. Hill: Yeah, and I'm not saying gosh, go out and pick up a few shares of Dave and Buster's because the stock's at an all-time high, but I think this is one of those times. We've seen this with retail recently too. This is one of those times where if you're an investor and you're looking at the restaurant space or you're looking at the retail space, you can sort of take a step back and look over the last, say, six months or so, and say, "Well, who has been performing?" Because you're right, there are no excuses. I think we talked about this on an episode of Motley Fool Money recently with retailers, where you can say "No no no, it's not that consumers aren't spending. They're spending. They just might not be spending it at your shop. But they are spending." We're seeing it with restaurants too. Kretzmann: Absolutely, and to Dave and Buster's credit on the conference call, they did credit good weather to part of their success. A lot of times companies will blame bad weather when their results aren't up to par, but it's nice to see the flip side when restaurants will give the weather a little bit of credit where it's due. Hill: What do you think of the evaluation of this stock? Do you look at the all-time high that it's hitting today and say, "Oh boy, they're doing well on the operational level, but this is a pricey stock." Kretzmann: When you look at the evaluation on a price to earnings basis, or PE ratio basis, the PE is now at about 27, which isn't unreasonable. It's not the highest that that evaluation has been for the company over the past year, really, since it went public. Management gave some very preliminary guidance for the next fiscal year, so next year they're expecting sales and earnings to grow in the low double digits. I think the question is how sustainable is that growth, but right now they have 88 stores opened, management sees a long term opportunity of 200 plus stores in North America. If they can continue to open those stores and put up results like this and find ways to keep customers coming back for the food and beverage and the games as well, I think there's still a long term opportunity here. My main concern with Dave and Buster's is that they do have a fairly substantial debt load, and they're free cash flow production isn't very robust right now, because they are spending a lot of money opening these new stores, which does make sense given these results. If a recession comes, or some hard times come and the company isn't able to produce that cash and you have a lot of debt on the balance sheet, that could put the company in a tough situation. That's longer term, the main thing I'm worried about, but I think if you're interested in Dave and Buster's maybe start with a small position and maybe follow this story and add as opportunities arise. Hill: Earlier this week IDC, which is the global research firm, put out a report on the smart watch industry, and I'm quoting from the report here: "Smart watches will continue to struggle in the near term." Yet that did not prevent Fitbit from buying Pebble for less than $40 million. Pebble is a smart watch start up. This appears to be a move to essentially buy Pebble's platform, buy their software, buy some of their talent, some of their engineering talent. I'm not saying it's necessarily a bad purchase, and shares of Fitbit up 1, 2% today, so the stock is not being punished as a result of that, but Fitbit is in the industry that is struggling. Fitbit previously came out and lowered guidance heading into the holidays, which has sent the stock down. Just as we look at a company spending money on a stock buy-back, and it's always fair to ask the question, "Is that the best use of your money?" I look at this and go, "Really?" You're going to spend, and we don't know the exact amount, but let's cut it in half, let's say it's $20 million. You don't have a better use for $20 million? Maybe they don't. Kretzmann: It's a big questions right now. Obviously Fitbit is practicing what they hope will be buy low, sell high, in this case, but Fitbit is having a hard time. They're guiding for holiday sales to only really grow 5% or so, which is quite a steep deceleration of growth from what we've seen with the company since it went public last year. They do have a lot of cash to play with, they have $670 million in cash, no debt, so they're not struggling on the balance sheet right now. But they're also not producing free cash flow consistently, so we do want to keep a close eye on what is management's strategy to get out of this funk, because if you're largely a consumer electronics hardware company, as we've seen with GoPro, that it's very hard to sustain success when your revenue is largely tied to releasing new products. Earlier this year Fitbit released the Blaze, which is their first smart watch, and it did pretty well. It makes up a chunk of sale, but as we're seeing with management's guidance for the fourth quarter you need to keep coming out with new hits, and that's a very tough thing to do, especially when you're competing against the Apple watch series two, which seems to be getting good reviews and is a big step up from the first iteration of the Apple watch. I don't know. Pebble itself has had a good amount of success on Kickstarter. That's really where the company raised the majority of it's money of the past few years. Pebble was essentially the first smart watch in 2012, but Pebble laid off 25% of it's staff earlier this year and it's not really clear what Fitbit gains from this acquisition. Maybe some help on the software side, which is where management seems to be focusing more, but I don't know. This alone certainly isn't going to turn Fitbit around. Hill: There's a TechCrunch report that sources the price tag of this acquisition between $34 and $40 million, saying that this essentially covers Pebble's debts. If nothing else, it appears that Fitbit didn't overpay for Pebble, and so maybe that's why we're seeing the stock bump up a little as well, but this appears to be an industry that is ripe for more consolidation. Fitbit has a great brand, I think that the devices are pretty well regarded, but it really is a tough space. When you look at globally sales slowing down, which was a big part of the IDC report, and even Apple saying that year over year sales were declining for Apple. They're still selling them, but they're declining, so it's definitely a soft market right now. Kretzmann: Definitely, and I think Apple is still certainly the top dog in this space, even with the industry as a whole facing some declines. Any given quarter, Apple still has over 50% of the smart watch market, which is pretty impressive since they came out with their first smart watch, what, I guess it was last year with the Apple watch. I worry that Fitbit and some of these other competitors are kind of in a similar position to Palm and Blackberry before the iPhone came out, where you have a known consumer brand, decent financials, or even strong financials by some measures. But man, competing against Apple is a tough thing to do and there aren't many survivors who have stood the test of time competing against Apple. I wonder what gives Fitbit that sustainable advantage. They're trying to do more working with the software and capturing that data. People tracking their exercise, their fitness, their steps, heartbeats, all that stuff. Maybe they can package that somehow and offer more of a subscription surface, or focus more on that software side. The company really is pivoting all of a sudden to focus more on the software, and as an investor ... similar to GoPro which has tried to do the same thing and now GoPro's essentially shutting down their media component. It's a tough thing for these companies to do, and I don't know, leaves a lot more questions to be answered for Fitbit. Hill: Someone's having a good week, and that's Pandora. Shares up 20% in the past week. I'm trying to figure out exactly what is going on here, because this started late last week when Pandora said that they were open to talks with Sirius XM. Let me repeat that, this is not Sirius XM saying, "We're interested in Pandora." This is Pandora saying, "We're open to talks with Sirius XM. First of all, does that make sense? Because when I looked at that, Pandora being acquired by someone, I can see some entity with deep pockets looking at Pandora and saying there's value there, and we want it. Sirius XM is kind of in the same business. I'm not sure what Sirius XM would gain from buying Pandora, and I don't know what role Oppenheimer has in all of this, but they put out a note the other day saying, "Not only do we see this making sense, we see this making sense in the range of $18 to $21 a share. Pandora is now in around $13 and a half, and that's with the 20% increase, so I thought wait a minute, this seems like a high price right now. You're saying it should go from $13 to $20, I don't know. Basically, I'm confused. I'm very very confused. Kretzmann: I'm confused here as well. Was it this summer I think Sirius XM might have approached the board of directors at Pandora making an offer I think for $3 and a half billion or something to buy Pandora. Now Pandora over the past week has essentially said, "We're also approaching other suitors as well." I'm not sure if Pandora is what Sirius XM needs, and I don't know if Pandora can be very picky. I think at this point if you have an offer from Sirius XM for $3 and a half billion, you take it if you're Pandora. This is a company that's lost $270 million for the past year. Really struggling competing against Apple music, Google, and YouTube Music, Spotify, Amazon. You're competing against some very big players here, and Pandora is still very dependent on advertising to generate the bulk of it's revenue. Whereas you see Apply Music, Spotify, Amazon really shifting to approach where it's a subscription business. You pay $7 to $10 a month and you can essentially listen to anything you want to. It's not some algorithm deciding what you can or can't listen to. That just seems like a much more attractive model for consumers, and Pandora's trying to pivot more toward that, but the company's still very tied to advertising. I don't know, Pandora's in a tough situation and the company's certainly not making money right now, so if you have an offer from Sirius XM, I don't know if it necessarily makes sense for Sirius, but it certainly seems to be an attractive offer for Pandora. Hill: I mentioned this to Bill Barker the other day, and I said, "What does Sirius XM see in Pandora?" He very quickly said, "Well, they probably see themselves." If you think back to when Sirius was a stand-alone satellite radio, and XM was a stand-alone satellite radio company. They were both sort of 1990's versions of Pandora. It's like, "Oh yeah, we've got all this music and we're losing money hand over fist." I don't know, it'll be interesting to see if they actually do get together. I can't imagine there would be any sort of regulatory issues here. Kretzmann: I don't think so, because Sirius is really tied up with Satellite radio, Pandora is online streaming. Sirius has tried to do a little bit more with having its own mobile app and stuff, and getting more into that streaming space, but certainly the company is still very tied to satellite radio. I think that the problem with Pandora is when you're competing against Apple, Google, Amazon, those company's music services are part of a larger ecosystem, but Pandora, how exactly do you differentiate yourself in that space? I think that could be another space where if you're not part of that larger ecosystem you're going to see some consolidation. I think maybe a merger with Spotify might make more sense, because it's just harder to make a different product from other companies that are offering the same music that you are. Maybe your algorithm is a little different if people are listening, or maybe we move into exclusive music for some of these providers, but Pandora's in a tough situation right now. Hill: Part of what had me thinking about regulatory approval is while you and I are in the studio right now, across the Potomac River executives from AT&T and Time Warner are meeting with the nice people on Capitol Hill to talk about their proposed merger, and their fervent hope that it gets approval. Much bigger merger, many more dollars and consumers involved there, so we'll see if that one actually happens. Kretzmann: That's where the regulators are focused. Hill: Yeah exactly. If you're a regulator you're like, "How much money is involved in the Pandora? Yeah, that's fine. Here's the rubber stamp, we'll just stamp that, that's good." Kretzmann: Wrapping up with music, as you know, as long time listeners know, producer Dan Boyd and I like to take time in December to expose our listeners to holiday music beyond what they get on the radio, because it's just the same 50 songs over and over. So as we will be doing all month, we're going to wrap up today with Washington D.C.'s own Chuck Brown. Thank for being here man. Hill: Thanks for having me. Kretzmann: As always, people on the program may have interest in the stocks they talk about on Motley Fool may have formal recommendations for or against so don't buy or sell stocks based solely on what you hear. Hill: That's going to do it for this edition of Market Foolery, this show is mixed by Dan Boyd. I'm Chris Hill, thanks for listening, we'll see you tomorrow. Suzanne Frey, an executive at Alphabet, is a member of The Motley Fool’s board of directors. Chris Hill owns shares of Amazon.com and Starbucks. David Kretzmann owns shares of Amazon.com, GoPro, Sirius XM Radio, Starbucks, and Texas Roadhouse. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Alphabet (A shares), Alphabet (C shares), Amazon.com, Apple, Fitbit, GoPro, Pandora Media, Starbucks, and Texas Roadhouse. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple, short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple, short January 2019 $12 calls on GoPro, and long January 2019 $12 puts on GoPro. The Motley Fool recommends Dave and Buster's Entertainment and Time Warner. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Chris Hill and David Kretzmann (TMFWizard) Full-time host of the Motley Fool Money radio show, MarketFoolery podcast, and other things. Part-time connoisseur of movies, basketball & fine bourbon. Article Info Dec 19, 2016 at 2:42PM Consumer Goods Stocks Sirius XM Radio NASDAQ:SIRI $4.45 down $0.03 (-0.56%) Pandora Media NYSE:P $13.04 up $0.01 (0.08%) Dave and Buster's Entertainment NASDAQ:PLAY $56.30 down $0.70 (-1.23%) Fitbit NYSE:FIT $7.32 down $0.08 (-1.08%) Read More Best Cable Stocks of 2016 Why Iconix Brand Group, American Midstream Partners, and Endo International Jumped Today Boston Beer's Post-Election Rally Is Over Top Stocks to Buy in Fast Casual Better Buy: Starbucks Corporation vs. Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current themotleyfool It's All Fun and Games for Dave and Buster's Entertainment #stocks $SIRI, $P, $PLAY, $FIT
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Everything you need to know about Apple's new AirPods Steve Kovach Dec. 19, 2016, 4:03 PM 5,610 facebook linkedin twitter email print AP Apple's decision to remove the headphone jack in the iPhone 7 has sparked more controversy and curiosity than any other recent move by the company. Part of Apple's reasoning behind the decision to kill the headphone jack was to push everyone towards using wireless headphones. So it made its own pair called AirPods. The AirPods were originally supposed to launch in October, but were delayed until this month. They finally appeared in Apple Stores on Monday, but quantities appear to be limited. Good luck finding some before Christmas. So, what are the AirPods and how do they work? Here's a handy FAQ: What are AirPods? AirPods are Apple's new wireless earbuds. How much are they? $159. When can I buy them? Now. But online orders won't arrive until next month. You might get lucky and find them at the Apple store or other third-party retailers. Do the AirPods come for free with the iPhone 7? No. The iPhone 7 comes with a pair of wired earbuds called EarPods (confusing!) that plug into the Lightning port at the bottom of the phone. I heard the iPhone is missing a headphone jack. Does that mean I have to use AirPods? No. The iPhone 7 will work with wired headphones that plug into the Lightning port and any other pair of Bluetooth wireless headphones. You can also use the included dongle that works with normal wired headphones. Are the AirPods Bluetooth?  Yes. The AirPods connect to your iPhone via Bluetooth. But wait, what was all that talk about a special chip inside the AirPods? The AirPods have a processor inside called the W1. There's a W1 chip inside each AirPod, and it helps the AirPods do a lot of neat stuff normal wireless headphones can’t do. Think of W1 as the “brains” of the AirPods. Here’s the rundown: The W1 chip makes pairing to your iPhone easier. Just flip open the case while it’s near your iPhone and a window will pop up prompting you to pair the AirPods to your iPhone. It’s a lot faster and easier than poking through the settings menu. W1 also helps the AirPods better manage power, giving them longer battery life. The chip helps the AirPods detect when they’re in your ear so they don’t start playing your music until you pop them in. They can also tell your iPhone if you’re only wearing one AirPod at a time. W1 also manages a unique connection for each AirPod, something that no other wireless earbuds can do. Pairing the AirPods.Hollis Johnson/Business Insider Do other headphones have the W1 chip? Yes, but only headphones made by Apple. In addition to the AirPods, Beats, which is owned by Apple, has a few models of headphones with the W1 chip. Are there any other sensors in the AirPods? Yes, there are infrared sensors in each AirPod that can detect when you’ve put them in your ears. There’s also an accelerometer inside that can detect when you tap your AirPods. (More on the tapping later.) Can I use one AirPod at a time? Yes. Each AirPod pairs to your iPhone individually, so you can use one at a time if you want. This is good if you want to walk around and take phone calls or use Siri but still keep one ear free. The W1 chip tells your iPhone which AirPod you have in your ear. How do I charge the AirPods? The AirPods come with a magnetic carrying case that doubles as a charger. There’s a Lightning port at the bottom the case for charging. The case also has its own battery that's separate from the batteries inside the AirPods. That means if the case is charged, you can top up the battery in the AirPods while you’re out and about. How long does the battery last? Apple says you can get up to five hours of listening time on a single charge. The charging case will give you up to 24 hours of listening time. It should be more than enough to get you through a day. Can I use the AirPods with my Mac or Apple Watch? Yes. In fact, when you pair the AirPods to your iPhone, they automatically pair to your Mac and Apple Watch too. However, your Mac will need to be running the new version of the macOS operating system called Sierra, which launched on September 20. Your Apple Watch will need to be running the new watchOS 3 software, which also launched in September. If you want to switch over from listening on your iPhone to your Mac, you just select the AirPods from the task bar at the top of your screen. Will AirPods work if I don’t have the iPhone 7? Yes. AirPods will work with any iPhone running iOS 10, the latest version of iOS. Can I use the AirPods with non-Apple devices? Yes. The AirPods can connect to any standard Bluetooth audio player. You can pair them by pressing the button on the back of the AirPod charging case. What happens if I lose one of the AirPods? Unfortunately, the AirPods are tiny and could be easy to lose. If you lose just one, Apple will sell you a replacement for $69. Be careful! The AirPods case charges with a Lightning cable.Hollis Johnson/Business Insider How's the audio quality? They sound nearly identical to the wired EarPods that come with the iPhone. Are the AirPods waterproof? No. However, they will be fine if you use them in the rain or while sweating at the gym. Just don’t go swimming with them! Can I make phone calls with the AirPods? Yes. Each AirPod has a built-in microphone for phone calls and talking to Siri. Siri? How does that work? Double tapping on one of the AirPods launches Siri. You can use Siri like normal after that. Can I do anything else by double tapping? Yes. Under Bluetooth settings, you have the option to make the double tap activate Siri or play/pause your music. But you can't have both. How do I control volume or change tracks in my music player? This one is annoying. There are no physical controls on the AirPods, so you have to use Siri for everything. This gets really bad when listening to music. Let’s say you want to turn up the volume on a song you’re listening to. First, you double tap one of the AirPods. Then the music pauses. (Ugh!) Then you tell Siri you want to turn up the volume. Alternatively, you can just adjust the sound with the volume buttons on the iPhone. You’ll also have to use the on-screen controls to change tracks while listening to music. This is probably the biggest drawback to the AirPods. There’s no easy way to adjust the volume or switch tracks like you can with the volume dongle on the wired EarPods. How do I answer phone calls? If you get a phone call while wearing the AirPods, just tap one of them to answer. Are they comfortable? They feel exactly like the wired EarPods. If you think those are comfortable, then you'll think the AirPods are too. Do they fall out if you shake your head or move around? Nope. The AirPods are pretty secure. You should be fine wearing them while working out or running.  SEE ALSO: Wearables are dead NOW WATCH: A regular guy tests out Apple's wireless AirPod headphones — here’s what he thought Loading video... More: Apple iPhone 7 AirPods facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Everything you need to know about Apple's new AirPods Everything you need to know about Apple's new AirPods Apple's decision to remove the headphone jack... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured 5 innovations in radiology that could impact everything from the Zika virus to dermatology More "Digital Industry Insider" » Keep tabs on the latest from Business Insider in our new Chrome Extension More "BI Innovations" » Get Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Newsletter-controller Sign-Up Learn More » Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Business Insider Select 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Mobile Insights BII Mobile Insights More Featured 10 Things Before the Opening Bell BI Intelligence Daily Business Insider Select Digital Industry Insider Instant MBA Markets Chart Of The Day Business Insider Events Tech Chart Of The Day Tech Select Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Strategy 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Advertising Select Careers Select Retail Select Strategy Select Life Breaking News Education Select Entertainment Select Life Select Tech Digital Media Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Enterprise Select Fintech Briefing IoT Chart of the Day Mobile Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Science Select Finance Finance Insider Markets Select Smart Investor Your Money Select Politics Military Select Politics Select Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Sports Sports Letter to My Younger Self Basketball great Ray Allen: ’Do you want to fit in, or do you want to embark on the lonely pursuit of greatness?' Read Allen's letter to his teenage self » Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Jan 02, 9:58 PM EST Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology AirPods Reviews Show Apple's Wireless Earbuds To Be Well-Received By AJ Dellinger On 12/19/16 AT 4:12 PM Close After weeks of delays, the wireless earbuds Apple hyped up during its iPhone 7 event are finally available for purchase. Despite all the trouble, early reviews of the AirPods suggest they were worth the wait after all. The truly wire-free earbuds, packed with proprietary Apple technology including Apple’s W1 wireless chip, have thus far impressed many of the people who have gotten their hands (and ears) on the device. According to a review from MacWorld, which gave the AirPods an eight out of 10, the battery life and sound quality from Apple’s wireless buds are better than anticipated. Even better, the AirPods remain comfortably in the ear at all times despite concerns they would fall out easily. “The AirPods stay put when I’m dancing, headbanging, jogging, hanging upside down, riding my stationary bike, sprinting to catch the bus, and shaking my head around smacking my temple like I’m trying to dislodge water stuck in my ear,” Susie Ochs of MacWorld wrote. TechRadar’s review found a similar results in its testing. “Do they stay in your ear? So far, we gave them a solid ‘early 90s grunge headbanging’ test and they didn't fall out once. That'll vary for people with different ear shapes, of course,” noted reviewer Matt Swider. The separate earbuds even bring some unique listening features according to Pocket-Lint, which found the AirPods would automatically adjust the listening experience based on how a user was wearing them. Put both pods in and the music starts; take one out and it automatically switches from stereo to mono audio; remove both completely and the music pauses. While some reviewers were impressed with the fit and features of AirPods, Wired—which provided the harshest early critique of the earbuds—was left wanting more in the sound department. Related Stories 5 Features Of The Upcoming Apple AirPods This is Why the Apple AirPods Were Delayed Reviewer David Pierce concluded the AirPods sound like any old Bluetooth headphones, which is to say not that great. “Apple’s evidently not all that concerned with how they sound,” he wrote. “Your $159 doesn’t buy you any better audio than you’ll get from the EarPods that come free in the box with your iPhone.” Battery life of the AirPods seemed to be one of the unifying features among reviewers, which just about everyone who got to try out the device finding the headphones last longer than expected—sometimes even outperforming Apple’s promise of five hours on a single charge. One area that will require an adjustment for many users is the reliance on Siri, which becomes essential for the wire-free earbuds. Most controls on the AirPods require Siri’s help to complete since there are no buttons. While the microphone quality is good enough for Siri to hear requests clearly, 9to5Mac’s review noted this still leaves the user subject to Siri’s limitations, which are many. Across the board from reviewers and early adopters, the response to the AirPods seems to be generally positive. The wireless earbuds aren’t a total must-have hit but like most Apple products, people will start to rely on them over time until they can’t imagine how they ever lived without them. Join the Discussion Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Business Samsung To Release Note 7 Probe Results Soon The South Korean company will reportedly make public the results of its investigation into the Note 7 battery fiasco before the end of January. Technology HTC Ocean Note Will Be Called U Ultra The HTC U Ultra is said to come with a 6-inch display and will be revealed on Jan. 12. World American Survived Istanbul Attack By 'Playing Dead' William Jacob Raak took a bullet and remained in place as a rampage went on around him. National Lake Erie Plane Crash Victim Was College Student Megan Casey was returning home with her family after seeing an NBA game when the plane she was flying in disappeared. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: China’s Fake Goldman Sachs is a Perfect Example of Why Investors Fear its Markets China opened its doors to foreign financial investment, but investors worry about the downside. Motley Fool Staff (the_motley_fool) Dec 19, 2016 at 3:05PM As China opens its markets to foreign investors, many are questioning the case for investing in its markets. From the difficult-to-measure risks of nationalization to the observable risks such as weak protections for intellectual property, investors worry that the downside outweighs the upside. In this clip from Industry Focus: Financials, The Motley Fool's Gaby Lapera and Jordan Wathen discuss the puts and takes of investing in China, and why a fake Goldman Sachs (NYSE:GS) exemplifies the risk of investing in foreign markets. A full transcript follows the video. This podcast was recorded on Dec. 12, 2016. Gaby Lapera: I think there's also this fear, which I think you have in most developing markets, which is that China could just up and decide to nationalize whatever it is that you own. It is a communist government in name. So that's always a possibility. It has happened to investors before. It's happened in Mexico, it's happened in Venezuela, to name two just right off the top of my head. So it's not an unreasonable fear to have about China. Additionally, something that's interesting about China is that the culture is obviously very different. It can be hard to parse through the regulations and figure out which ones they're actually enforcing, which ones they care about. We were talking earlier about loans, and figuring out which ones the government would definitely pay and which ones the government wouldn't pay. It's something that's really hard to know unless you're in China, or, potentially, from China, and you understand all of this and you have connections back home to talk to about this. It's definitely a little bit of a minefield for the foreign investor who doesn't have a lot of experience and has no way of knowing exactly what's going on internally. Jordan Wathen: Right. To take a step back, the kind of people that China wants to invest, they don't want small-time mom-and-pop Americans to open a $50,000 brokerage account and buy stocks. They want real, tangible, lots of money. And an institutional investor, if you have, say, you have the London exchanges, you have the Canadian exchanges, you have the American exchanges. What's the real reason you would go to China in light of all these matters? There are plenty of global markets where trading is more free and the rules are more well established and people take them very seriously. So there's kind of a high bar to be willing to go to China. Lapera: Absolutely. And then, on top of that, you have the fact that it's both strictly regulated and not all at the same time. The example that comes to mind for me is that in Shenzhen, which is a city that is situated right on the border with Hong Kong. Some people opened up the Goldman Sachs Shenzhen real estate something or other -- I'm not 100% sure what the whole name was. They even spelled their name in Chinese. They spelled like Goldman Sachs spells their name. So you have this company that could be mistaken for Goldman Sachs. Even in the same year, some guy opened up his own bank called The China Construction Bank, and there was already a China Construction Bank, and he just pretended to be part of the same bank, and he totally wasn't. He opened up a whole fake branch of a bank. And that's just something that you don't see happening in other countries. Wathen: Right. That's an interesting risk, too, because that extends beyond even the financial area. I actually looked at this, the Goldman Sachs fake in China. It actually had a website that looked just like Goldman Sachs. They used a similar font and everything, to basically knock off the brand name. That extends even to apparel. A Nike sweatshirt could easily be, they could throw a swoosh on a sweatshirt and basically steal that IP, too. So that's something that, as investors, you have to worry about, because a lot of companies, not just financial companies, but a lot of companies survive on their brand name. If that can be easily lifted and used by someone else. There's not much value to it. Lapera: Right. This story came out in August of 2015, and Goldman Sachs said they were looking into it, but I haven't heard anything on the news since then. If you happen to work for Goldman Sachs, and you know what ended up happening to Goldman Sachs Shenzhen, please let me know. Gaby Lapera has no position in any stocks mentioned. Jordan Wathen has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Nike. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Motley Fool Staff (the_motley_fool) None Article Info Dec 19, 2016 at 3:05PM Financials Stocks Goldman Sachs NYSE:GS $239.66 up $1.48 (0.62%) Nike NYSE:NKE $50.83 down $0.23 (-0.45%) Read More 2 High-Yield Dividend Stocks You Definitely Want to Consider 3 Things You Probably Didn't Know About Berkshire Hathaway The Dow's Worst Day in 2016 Where Will HCP, Inc. Be in 10 Years? 1 Reason Bank of America’s Stock Price Is Still So Low Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current themotleyfool China’s Fake Goldman Sachs is a Perfect Example of Why Investors Fear its Markets #stocks $GS, $NKE
InsideTimmies SyrupShop Community News Phones Phones Lineage OS, the ROM formerly known as CyanogenMod, gets a new logo January 2, 2017 Samsung’s Galaxy S8 might feature PC functionality when connected to a monitor January 2, 2017 OnePlus starts rolling out Android Nougat OTA to OnePlus 3 and OP3T January 2, 2017 Samsung will reportedly soon reveal exactly why the Galaxy Note 7 caught fire January 2, 2017 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Microsoft Canada announces Holiday Super Sale December 17, 2016 Global tablet shipments rebound after years of sweeping decline, says report December 6, 2016 Microsoft Canada’s 12 Days of Deals promotion starts on December 5th December 2, 2016 Can Apple’s iPad Pro actually replace a laptop? November 30, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables 2016 wearable technology roundup January 2, 2017 The Vive 2 will not be revealed at CES, confirms HTC December 29, 2016 Italian eyewear maker partners with InteraXon to build fashionable wearables December 24, 2016 Pokémon Go is now available on the Apple Watch December 22, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories Samsung 128GB EVO Micro SDXC card, Goodland’s WiFi Repeater and other Amazon Canada discounts January 2, 2017 These Canadian Apple Stores have AirPods in stock December 30, 2016 Amazon’s Digital Days sale isn’t available in Canada, but here are a few tech deals December 30, 2016 Amazon patents enormous flying warehouse ‘airborne fulfillment centers’ December 29, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Volvo adds Skype for Business to 90 Series cars to further in-car productivity December 30, 2016 Ford’s latest autonomous Fusion Hybrid to debut at CES 2017 December 28, 2016 Panasonic dedicates $256 million to Tesla in a solar cell partnership December 28, 2016 Tesla’s new and improved autopilot could roll out next week, says Elon Musk December 23, 2016 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps Bring in the New Year with Table Tennis [Game of the Week] January 1, 2017 Make your New Years resolution ‘Drink more beer’ with Untappd [App of the Week] December 31, 2016 Classic NES Megaman games land on iOS and Android in Canada on January 5th December 30, 2016 Google Play offers 80 percent off paid mobile games in year end deal December 30, 2016 VIEW ALL Carriers Carriers Rogers may be expanding ‘Rogers-EXT’ January 2, 2017 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week January 1, 2017 Minister of Transport approves Santa to operate sleigh in Canada, reminds him to put away cellphone while driving December 23, 2016 Videotron’s Unlimited Music service adds SoundCloud to its catalogue December 22, 2016 VIEW ALL Plans Plans Rogers confirms its Roam Like Home service no longer requires a Share Everything plan December 19, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week November 27, 2016 CRTC renews broadcast packages for one year rather than seven following hearing November 21, 2016 CRTC hearing on differential pricing for Canadian data plans begins this week October 31, 2016 VIEW ALL Manufacturers Manufacturers LG challenges Amazon Echo, Google Home with new line of robots January 2, 2017 Leaks surface of Asus ZenFone AR, the second Google Tango phone January 2, 2017 7 trends to expect at CES 2017 January 1, 2017 Microsoft is working on an AR solution that could help you keep track of household items December 31, 2016 VIEW ALL Reviews Phones Phones HTC 10, six months later December 27, 2016 OnePlus 3T Mini Review: Victory lap December 17, 2016 Huawei Nova Plus review: A solid mid-range Android for the right price December 14, 2016 Alcatel Idol 4 Review: Mid-range standout December 7, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Acer Switch Alpha 12 review: Not the affordable Surface Pro 4 alternative you’re looking for August 9, 2016 Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro S review: An overpriced first crack at the 2-in-1 crown May 25, 2016 Kindle Oasis review: The best e-reader is not worth the price of a high-end tablet May 4, 2016 9.7-inch iPad Pro Hands-on: Same tablet, smaller build March 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Oculus Rift with Touch Review: The Vive meets its match December 5, 2016 Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 Charge 2 Review: Fitbit’s best tracker yet may not be the best fit for you October 12, 2016 PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories Native Union’s Dock+ charging stand review: High-end charging December 10, 2016 AirPods review: Welcome to the wireless future September 19, 2016 Samsung Gear 360 review: Spherical eye September 4, 2016 Vancouver-based Hitcase’s rugged cases transform your iPhone into an action camera August 31, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive 2017 Lexus RX infotainment review: Staying the course December 28, 2016 2017 Cadillac CT6 Sedan Hands-on: Checking out Cadillac’s new connected car November 26, 2016 Android Auto 2.0 review: Google bridges the infotainment gap November 8, 2016 2016 Honda Civic infotainment review: CarPlay and Android Auto take over July 16, 2016 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps Ariana Grande is coming to the Final Fantasy universe as ‘Dangerous Woman’ January 2, 2017 Super Mario Run Review: Nintendo nails its mobile landing December 19, 2016 PlayStation 4 Pro Review: Generational sidestep December 9, 2016 Aeronaut is the prettiest memory game you ever did see [Game of the Week] October 20, 2016 VIEW ALL Features Latest Latest 2016 wearable technology roundup January 2, 2017 MobileSyrup’s top tech stories of 2016 December 30, 2016 Ian’s favourite things of 2016 December 30, 2016 Rose’s favourite things of 2016 December 29, 2016 VIEW ALL Tête-à-tête Tête-à-tête Tête-à-Tête: HTC Vive vs. PlayStation VR – Which VR headset is more impressive? September 26, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: How are Apple, Samsung, and BlackBerry playing the enterprise game? March 5, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: Has John Chen lost his mind? January 25, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: What is the appeal of the BlackBerry Classic? December 15, 2014 VIEW ALL SyrupCast SyrupCast SyrupCast 101: Looking back on 2016 December 30, 2016 SyrupCast Podcast 100: Ghosts of Christmas past December 16, 2016 SyrupCast Podcast 99: Goodnight Pebble December 9, 2016 SyrupCast Podcast 98: What’s going on with Google’s Pixel? December 2, 2016 VIEW ALL Buyers’ Guide Buyers' Guide Amazon opens Black Friday Store with discounts on thousands of items November 1, 2016 Father’s Day Gift Guide for the Fitness dad June 17, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Entertainment Dad June 15, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Gamer Dad June 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Editorials Editorials Every Android owner should check out the OnePlus Bullets V2 headphones December 29, 2016 Why I switched from a DSLR to Panasonic’s G85 mirrorless micro four thirds camera December 10, 2016 Can Apple’s iPad Pro actually replace a laptop? November 30, 2016 Why I settled on LG’s Stylo 2 Plus as my Galaxy Note 7 replacement November 19, 2016 VIEW ALL App/Game of the Week App/Game of the Week Bring in the New Year with Table Tennis [Game of the Week] January 1, 2017 Make your New Years resolution ‘Drink more beer’ with Untappd [App of the Week] December 31, 2016 Never miss a celebration with Bizarre Holiday Calendar [App of the Week] December 24, 2016 RollerCoaster Tycoon Classic faithfully recreates the classic PC game on mobile [Game of the Week] December 24, 2016 VIEW ALL Resources How-to’s How-to's How to upgrade from Windows Phone 8.1 to Windows 10 Mobile December 17, 2016 Canadian streaming app comparison: Netflix, CraveTV, Amazon Prime Video, Club Illico December 14, 2016 Amazon Prime Video in Canada: Complete TV and movie list December 14, 2016 How to enable Wi-Fi calling on your iPhone December 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Coverage Map Outage Map About About Us Contact & Tips Advertise Contests News Phones Phones Lineage OS, the ROM formerly known as CyanogenMod, gets a new logo January 2, 2017 Samsung’s Galaxy S8 might feature PC functionality when connected to a monitor January 2, 2017 OnePlus starts rolling out Android Nougat OTA to OnePlus 3 and OP3T January 2, 2017 Samsung will reportedly soon reveal exactly why the Galaxy Note 7 caught fire January 2, 2017 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Microsoft Canada announces Holiday Super Sale December 17, 2016 Global tablet shipments rebound after years of sweeping decline, says report December 6, 2016 Microsoft Canada’s 12 Days of Deals promotion starts on December 5th December 2, 2016 Can Apple’s iPad Pro actually replace a laptop? November 30, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables 2016 wearable technology roundup January 2, 2017 The Vive 2 will not be revealed at CES, confirms HTC December 29, 2016 Italian eyewear maker partners with InteraXon to build fashionable wearables December 24, 2016 Pokémon Go is now available on the Apple Watch December 22, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories Samsung 128GB EVO Micro SDXC card, Goodland’s WiFi Repeater and other Amazon Canada discounts January 2, 2017 These Canadian Apple Stores have AirPods in stock December 30, 2016 Amazon’s Digital Days sale isn’t available in Canada, but here are a few tech deals December 30, 2016 Amazon patents enormous flying warehouse ‘airborne fulfillment centers’ December 29, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Volvo adds Skype for Business to 90 Series cars to further in-car productivity December 30, 2016 Ford’s latest autonomous Fusion Hybrid to debut at CES 2017 December 28, 2016 Panasonic dedicates $256 million to Tesla in a solar cell partnership December 28, 2016 Tesla’s new and improved autopilot could roll out next week, says Elon Musk December 23, 2016 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps Bring in the New Year with Table Tennis [Game of the Week] January 1, 2017 Make your New Years resolution ‘Drink more beer’ with Untappd [App of the Week] December 31, 2016 Classic NES Megaman games land on iOS and Android in Canada on January 5th December 30, 2016 Google Play offers 80 percent off paid mobile games in year end deal December 30, 2016 VIEW ALL Carriers Carriers Rogers may be expanding ‘Rogers-EXT’ January 2, 2017 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week January 1, 2017 Minister of Transport approves Santa to operate sleigh in Canada, reminds him to put away cellphone while driving December 23, 2016 Videotron’s Unlimited Music service adds SoundCloud to its catalogue December 22, 2016 VIEW ALL Plans Plans Rogers confirms its Roam Like Home service no longer requires a Share Everything plan December 19, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week November 27, 2016 CRTC renews broadcast packages for one year rather than seven following hearing November 21, 2016 CRTC hearing on differential pricing for Canadian data plans begins this week October 31, 2016 VIEW ALL Manufacturers Manufacturers LG challenges Amazon Echo, Google Home with new line of robots January 2, 2017 Leaks surface of Asus ZenFone AR, the second Google Tango phone January 2, 2017 7 trends to expect at CES 2017 January 1, 2017 Microsoft is working on an AR solution that could help you keep track of household items December 31, 2016 VIEW ALL Reviews Phones Phones HTC 10, six months later December 27, 2016 OnePlus 3T Mini Review: Victory lap December 17, 2016 Huawei Nova Plus review: A solid mid-range Android for the right price December 14, 2016 Alcatel Idol 4 Review: Mid-range standout December 7, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Acer Switch Alpha 12 review: Not the affordable Surface Pro 4 alternative you’re looking for August 9, 2016 Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro S review: An overpriced first crack at the 2-in-1 crown May 25, 2016 Kindle Oasis review: The best e-reader is not worth the price of a high-end tablet May 4, 2016 9.7-inch iPad Pro Hands-on: Same tablet, smaller build March 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Oculus Rift with Touch Review: The Vive meets its match December 5, 2016 Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 Charge 2 Review: Fitbit’s best tracker yet may not be the best fit for you October 12, 2016 PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories Native Union’s Dock+ charging stand review: High-end charging December 10, 2016 AirPods review: Welcome to the wireless future September 19, 2016 Samsung Gear 360 review: Spherical eye September 4, 2016 Vancouver-based Hitcase’s rugged cases transform your iPhone into an action camera August 31, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive 2017 Lexus RX infotainment review: Staying the course December 28, 2016 2017 Cadillac CT6 Sedan Hands-on: Checking out Cadillac’s new connected car November 26, 2016 Android Auto 2.0 review: Google bridges the infotainment gap November 8, 2016 2016 Honda Civic infotainment review: CarPlay and Android Auto take over July 16, 2016 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps Ariana Grande is coming to the Final Fantasy universe as ‘Dangerous Woman’ January 2, 2017 Super Mario Run Review: Nintendo nails its mobile landing December 19, 2016 PlayStation 4 Pro Review: Generational sidestep December 9, 2016 Aeronaut is the prettiest memory game you ever did see [Game of the Week] October 20, 2016 VIEW ALL Features Latest Latest 2016 wearable technology roundup January 2, 2017 MobileSyrup’s top tech stories of 2016 December 30, 2016 Ian’s favourite things of 2016 December 30, 2016 Rose’s favourite things of 2016 December 29, 2016 VIEW ALL Tête-à-tête Tête-à-tête Tête-à-Tête: HTC Vive vs. PlayStation VR – Which VR headset is more impressive? September 26, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: How are Apple, Samsung, and BlackBerry playing the enterprise game? March 5, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: Has John Chen lost his mind? January 25, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: What is the appeal of the BlackBerry Classic? December 15, 2014 VIEW ALL SyrupCast SyrupCast SyrupCast 101: Looking back on 2016 December 30, 2016 SyrupCast Podcast 100: Ghosts of Christmas past December 16, 2016 SyrupCast Podcast 99: Goodnight Pebble December 9, 2016 SyrupCast Podcast 98: What’s going on with Google’s Pixel? December 2, 2016 VIEW ALL Buyers’ Guide Buyers' Guide Amazon opens Black Friday Store with discounts on thousands of items November 1, 2016 Father’s Day Gift Guide for the Fitness dad June 17, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Entertainment Dad June 15, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Gamer Dad June 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Editorials Editorials Every Android owner should check out the OnePlus Bullets V2 headphones December 29, 2016 Why I switched from a DSLR to Panasonic’s G85 mirrorless micro four thirds camera December 10, 2016 Can Apple’s iPad Pro actually replace a laptop? November 30, 2016 Why I settled on LG’s Stylo 2 Plus as my Galaxy Note 7 replacement November 19, 2016 VIEW ALL App/Game of the Week App/Game of the Week Bring in the New Year with Table Tennis [Game of the Week] January 1, 2017 Make your New Years resolution ‘Drink more beer’ with Untappd [App of the Week] December 31, 2016 Never miss a celebration with Bizarre Holiday Calendar [App of the Week] December 24, 2016 RollerCoaster Tycoon Classic faithfully recreates the classic PC game on mobile [Game of the Week] December 24, 2016 VIEW ALL Resources How-to’s How-to's How to upgrade from Windows Phone 8.1 to Windows 10 Mobile December 17, 2016 Canadian streaming app comparison: Netflix, CraveTV, Amazon Prime Video, Club Illico December 14, 2016 Amazon Prime Video in Canada: Complete TV and movie list December 14, 2016 How to enable Wi-Fi calling on your iPhone December 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Coverage Map Outage Map About About Us Contact & Tips Advertise Contests Close Airbnb is working towards integrating flight booking into its platform Super Mario Run Review: Nintendo nails its mobile landing Apple Support iOS app now available in Canada Igor Bonifacic December 19, 2016 4:10pm After launching in the Netherlands and making its way to the U.S., the Apple Support iOS app is now available to download from the Canadian iTunes App Store. Designed to be an Apple user’s one-stop resource for any support questions they may have, the app includes an extensive database of common issues, their solutions as well as general product information. In case a user needs more help, it’s also possible to chat with Apple technicians directly from the app, as well as schedule an appointment at a local Apple Store. So far, the app has a four-and-a-half star rating on 168 reviews, with most users noting it is possible to get in contact with Apple support faster through the app than it is on the phone. Download it for free. SourceiTunes App Store thereasoner It didn’t take long for Apple to copy the Pixels on this one, good for them , usually it takes years for iPhone users to get new features others have already had. Mr Dog Yes, Apple put together an app and everything related to it in less than a month and released it to the world. Software is that easy! thereasoner First, there is nothing to the app other than a consolidation of information and a direct line to support. 2nd, the on device support for the Pixels were rumored for several months before they were released. Mr Dog Any large corporation doesn’t just DO. They plan. That involves planning time, allocating time, analyse impact, sketch mockups, test the app etc etc. Even a simple app such as this takes time. But your saying Apple HEARD rumors of the Pixel support app and decided. You know what! Let us take our chat/call/schedule experience that we have put together nicely on our website and also do what Google is RUMORED to do and put it in an app as well. We MUST do this because Google is Rumored to do this as well. thereasoner The app was tested in the Netherlands first and YES, this app is so basic that it could easily be put together in a very short time. It’s not a complicated gaming app with high end graphics after all, it’s information that was already available online transferred to an app that includes a support number that also already existed. 2 weeks tops to make this app and with a 2-3 week testing period already completed, apps don’t get any more simple and basic than this! BTW, this is Apples MO. They adopt features from the competition like no other. They are very experienced and accomplished in this area and the fact that they did it as an app instead of integrating the service into the OS/settings like Google did is yet more proof that they fast tracked this copycat attempt. As I said, it usually takes them much longer to copy because most features copied over the years by Apple can’t be cobbled together in an app. It’s Me So, tips on software development from the guy working on an car plant assembly line? Cute. I think I’m going to check with my local gas station attendant for some engineering advice for the extension I’m having done on my house. thereasoner Fair enough, Google could have indeed come up with the idea this way if they weren’t working on it already themselves as well. That said, Google did actually pull it off first and it is integrated on the OS/settings for Google and Apple did quickly follow suite with a similar app, all true . What “tips”, I gave no tips. I simply said that Apple quickly copied Google in placing this sort of live on device service on their phone and that Apple has a long history of copying and that it usually takes much longer for them to do so, both are correct. All you’ve got is information that Apple was working on it last year, that doesn’t show when Google started much less did I even say who worked on the idea first, only who was first to implement and who copied that implementation. It’s Me If they were working on it concurrently, there’s no reason to think either copied the other’s implementation. Similarly, just because Apple may have been rumoured to be working on it first, there’s no reason to think google copied the idea from that rumour. These religious gong shows need to stop. It’s not a religion. Stop trying to convert people ffs. It’s just a phone. thereasoner I’m doing no such thing. Apple always being behind and copying in a catch up like mode has been a reality for several years. My original post actually commended them in doing it quickly this time as opposed to waiting, not sure how anyone but a fanboy could be upset about that. It’s Me Uh huh thereasoner Seriously, I’ve never been about conversion so much as discovery. I’m motivated by what I see as Apples anti-consumer behavior when I criticize the brand and while I have no desire for the iPhone itself I’m sure that I would have continued to purchase some other types of Apple devices if not for said unethical behavior. I openly advocate trying new things and practice what I preach by buying from different OEMs each time I get a new phone , there need not be a hatred to motivate that type of mindset. You of all people through our conversations should know that what irks me about Apple is not so much their products but the fraudulent claims over IP, the abuse of both court and patent systems, the eBook price fixing scams, the manipulation of consumers etc. Frankly, all that aside, I would still advocate for trying new stuff or different devices from several OEMs even if the people running Apple weren’t such low life’s. I can see how you would presume that I’m into converting people seeing that the perspective of a fanboy would be required for such a thing and that is definitely how you seem to approach things but I can assure you that we’re not alike in that regard. It’s Me Uh huh Brad Fortin I think both companies were following Amazon’s lead on this feature. Gewurttraminer What would make the ‘app’ truly compelling is the ability to diagnose problems on-board like they are able to in-store with a BT/Wifi connection to the devices. That way people could see how their battery is performing or narrow down other issues that may be impacting the logic board then save those results to their Apple ID to bring in for repair at that point and save a whack of time. As it stands now its often a gong show at Apple Stores trying to get support with people having to wait days or more than a week before a Genius bar tech is available Mr Dog This is possible already but they do not exposes it to the user. The last time a friend had a problem with their camera, they decided to chat with a rep online. Once they gave the rep the Serial number, the rep asked them to go into the settings and click a button that appeard ‘Run Diagnostics’, the report was sent to the rep and they could identify what the problem was. It’s Me I expect it probably does. thereasoner It probably has the ability to send the system log much like Googles implementation, not sure on the screen share feature though. Agreed on the Apple store problem. For one, there’s not enough of them and theven appointment thing is another pain. Googles idea to partner with ubreakifix and their several hundred locations for same day OEM parts repairs is a much better imo ! Get Updates Sign-up for MobileSyrup news sent straight to your inbox Categories News Reviews Features Resources Contests Contact About Us Advertise Jobs Social Twitter Pinterest Facebook RSS Google+ Instagram YouTube Search Get Updates © 2017 MobileSyrup.com. Privacy | Terms of Use
Welcome, Guest Log in | Register Home   Slideshows   Blogs   IT Downloads   Research Center   Newsletters   Sponsored Content IT Management   Data Center   Cloud   Careers   Mobility   Security   Enterprise Apps   Social Media   Big Data   Internet of Things Home      Blogs      IT Unmasked      IBM Makes Watson Analytics Available Via Mobile IOS App Related Content Topic :  Vulnerabilities and Patches  Weaknesses require a fix. Don't leave your system open to attack. Blog :  Tact Aims to Advance Conversational Application Interfaces Article :  Artificial Intelligence: Present Trends and Its Future IBM Makes Watson Analytics Available via Mobile iOS App Mike Vizard |   IT Unmasked   |   Posted 19 Dec, 2016          |         |     Share 7 Characteristics of a Data-Driven Organization Most of the interaction any end user is likely to have with cognitive computing capabilities enabled by the IBM Watson platform is via a third-party application that has embedded that functionality within. Now IBM wants to start providing some of those applications itself via the Apple App store. IBM announced today that it has made available a Watson Analytics Mobile App that allows end users to query a cloud service consisting of an IBM analytics application imbued with Watson cognitive computing functions. Marc Altshuller, general manager for business analytics at IBM, says the goal is to make it possible for end users to download a mobile analytics application from the Apple app store that enables them to familiarize themselves with how to employ Watson analytics within the context of their own data assets. Previously, IBM has made a Web version of Watson Analytics available, but Altshuller says the mobile version running on Apple iOS devices gives end users more control of the entire process. “End users can download the app on their own and immediately start to load their own data,” Altshuller. Making it easier for end users to load their own data addresses one of those issues that often holds back broader adoption of analytics applications. Rather than waiting for someone in the internal IT department to load data, Altshuller says, end users can immediately start invoking analytics against the data sets that matter most to them. In general, the average end user doesn’t regularly engage daily with cognitive computing applications just yet. But once these applications start showing up in the Apple store, it’s now only a matter of time before end users figure out just how much more insightful they can become using a little artificial intelligence optimized to see patterns that they might not ever otherwise discover on their own.   Save Save          |         |     Share Add Comment      Leave a comment on this blog post Please enable Javascript in your browser, before you post the comment! Now Javascript is disabled. Post a comment  Your name/nickname  Your email  WebSite  Subject (Maximum characters: 1200). You have 1200 characters left.     Subscribe to our Newsletters Sign up now and get the best business technology insights direct to your inbox. SUBSCRIBE   Property of Quinstreet Enterprise. Sitemap | Terms of Service | Licensing & Reprints | About Us | Privacy Policy | Advertise Copyright © 2017 QuinStreet Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2014 Quinstreet Inc. All right reserved.
Cell Phones & Plans Business Phone Home Phone Internet Television Deals Find the Best Cell Phone and Plan for You PhoneDog's innovative comparison tool can help you save on cell phones and plans. Find the best phone and plan for you today with PhoneDog! Compare Phones and Plans Compare Cell Phones Compare Cell Plans CREDO Mobile Tello Ting T-Mobile Sprint Pix Wireless The People's Operator Republic Wireless Boost Mobile Straight Talk AT&T Virgin Mobile Verizon Wireless Net10 No Contract Plans See all carriers Phone Categories Smartphone Basic Phones Waterproof/Rugged Phablets Free Phones Phone Manufacturers Apple HTC Motorola LG Samsung See All Manufacturers Cell Phone Reviews Cell Phone News Phone vs Phone Cell Phone Videos App Reviews Official Smartphone Rankings VoIP Long Distance Residential VoIP Holiday Deals Trending: iPhone 7 Google Pixel Official Smartphone Rankings Login Register Search Enter your keywords f g+ t Follow @phonedog yt         Did you put your Jet Black iPhone 7 in a case? Apple Evan Selleck Contributing Editor | December 19, 2016 45 shares 37 1 0 4 0 0 1 1 1               Earlier this year, Apple unveiled the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. As it did, it showed off the usual colors, from Silver to Gold, and now the standard Rose Gold. It also showed off two new colors: Black and Jet Black. Space Gray, while finding a new home on machines like the new MacBook Pro, has effectively gotten the boot from the iPhone lineup. Apple talked a lot about the Jet Black iPhone, doing what it usually does in promotion: Talking about the methodology behind its creation, and how great it looks out there in the real world. The company probably didn't need to do anything to hype it up, really, because it wasn't all that surprising that when the new iPhones went up for sale, the Jet Black models were the hardest to come by. It took awhile, but I finally picked up a Jet Black iPhone 7. Not that the color scheme hasn't been available for a little while now, I just wasn't in a rush or anything. But, now that I finally have it, I'm glad that I waited. The Jet Black iPhone 7 feels great in the hand (my kids say it's a "super soft phone," which cracks me up), and it's certainly eye catching. It's also a magnet for fingerprints, but that isn't a surprise in the slightest. Now having had the phone for a few weeks, I'm curious to know how yours is stacking up in the looks department. I don't put my phones in cases, and while I considered it for a couple of moments with this one, considering even Apple suggested I should, I knew I'd never keep it on anyway. Did you put your Jet Black iPhone in a case? If so, have you taken it out since you put it on and checked to see the condition of your phone? A friend of mine noticed his was "all scratched up" after the fact, and he believes the case made it worse. (I think he's using a wallet case, for what it's worth.) When I wipe off my iPhone to remove the fingerprints, it looks okay, and I can't see any really noticeable scratches right off the bat. But when I start taking a closer look, getting different angles and catching the light in the right way, there are definitely a variety of micro scratches present. I have to look in a certain way to see them, so while I don't like the fact that there are scratches on my phone (especially when it hasn't been dropped or mishandled in any way), at least they aren't ridiculously obvious. But I'm curious: How is yours holding up? If you've kept yours out of a case, too, are there scratches on your model that you can see all the time, or only when you catch them at the right angle? Let me know! Apple iPhone 7 iPhone 7 Plus Jet Black Apple Apple iPhone 7 Apple iPhone 7 Plus Products mentioned Apple iPhone 7 Apple iPhone 7 Plus Previous ArticleDoes Super Mario Run need DLC? Next ArticleDo you take Live Photos? Don't forget to VOTE! Each week, PhoneDog Fans vote for their #1 smartphone in the Official Smartphone Rankings. Vote now and contribute to the industry's most relevant weekly ranking charts. Related Posts Samsung Galaxy J3 Emerge leaks out ahead of Sprint, Boost, and Virgin Mobile launch Nokia's Android phones: Should they conform to modern designs or stay unique? Vine app will become Vine Camera, will still record six-second looping videos Samsung Galaxy Note 7 being used more than LG V20 despite recall, says report View the discussion thread. Select a phone: (optional) + - Any - Acer Liquid M220 Airave 2.5 Plus Alcatel 510A Alcatel 768 Alcatel 871A GoPhone Alcatel A206G Alcatel A382G Big Easy Alcatel A392G Alcatel A394C Alcatel Authority Alcatel Big Easy Flip Black Alcatel Cinch Alcatel Dawn Alcatel Fling Black Alcatel Ideal Alcatel Idol 4 Alcatel Idol 4S Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 Alcatel One Touch 991 Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel One Touch Idol Alcatel One Touch Scribe HD Alcatel One Touch Shockwave Alcatel One Touch Ultra Alcatel One Touch Yaris Black Alcatel OneTouch B3G Alcatel OneTouch Conquest Alcatel OneTouch Elevate Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fierce Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel OneTouch Fierce XL Alcatel ONETOUCH Fling Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (4.7") Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (5.5") Alcatel ONETOUCH Pixi Avion Alcatel Onetouch Pixi Bond Alcatel onetouch Pixi Charm Alcatel onetouch Pixi ECLIPSE Alcatel onetouch Pixi GLITZ Alcatel onetouch Pixi Glory LTE Alcatel onetouch Pixi PULSAR Alcatel OneTouch Pop 7 Alcatel ONETOUCH POP Astro Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon 2 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Mega Alcatel OneTouch Pop Nova Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star 2 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star LTE Alcatel OneTouch Retro Alcatel OneTouch Retro ALCATEL OneTouch Sonic LTE Alcatel ONETOUCH Speakeasy Alcatel Pop C9 Alcatel Pop D3 Alcatel Sparq II Alcatel Sparq II Alcatel Venture Amazon Fire HD Kids Edition 6 inch Blue Amazon Fire Phone Amazon Kindle Fire 7 inch Black Amazon Kindle Fire HD 6 (2014) Amazon Kindle Fire HD 7 Amazon Kindle Fire HDX 7 inch Black 16GB Amazon Kindle Fire HDX 8.9 Black 16GB Amoi CS6 Silver Anna Sui Mobile by Samsung Apple iPad Apple iPad 2 Apple iPad 2 16GB Apple iPad 2 WiFi and 3G 16GB Black Apple iPad 4th Gen Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Air 2 16GB Space Gray Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad mini 3 Apple iPad Mini 3 Apple iPad mini 3 16GB Space Gray Apple iPad mini 4 Apple iPad mini with Retina Display Apple iPad mini with Retina display 16GB Silver Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad Pro 9.7 Apple iPad with Retina Display Apple iPhone Apple iPhone 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 16 GB Apple iPhone 3GS Apple iPhone 4 Apple iPhone 4 32GB Black Apple iPhone 4S Apple iPhone 4S 64GB White Apple iPhone 5 Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6s Plus Apple iPhone 7 Apple iPhone 7 Plus Apple iPhone SE Apple iPod Touch - 8GB Apple new iPad Apple new iPad WiFi and 4G 16GB Black Apple Watch Asus Eee Pad Memo ME370T Asus Eee Slate Asus Google Nexus 7 Asus Memo Pad 10 inch Black ASUS MeMO Pad 7 LTE ASUS MeMO Pad FHD 10 LTE Asus PadFone Black Asus Padfone mini Asus PadFone X ASUS PadFone X mini Asus Transformer Asus Transformer Prime TF700T ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenFone 2E Asus ZenFone 4 Asus ZenFone 5 Asus ZenFone 6 ASUS ZenFone Zoom Asus ZenWatch ASUS ZenWatch 2 AT&T Cingular Flip AT&T Mobile Hotspot Elevate 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot MiFi 2372 AT&T Radiant GoPhone AT&T Unite AT&T Unite Pro AT&T USBConnect Adrenaline AT&T USBConnect Momentum 4G AT&T USBConnect Turbo AT&T USBConnect Velocity AT&T Z222 GoPhone AT&T Z223 GoPhone AT&T Z998 GoPhone Audiovox 8425 Audiovox 9200 Audiovox CDM-105 / CDM-7000 Audiovox CDM-120 Audiovox CDM-8100 Audiovox CDM-8150X Audiovox CDM-8200 Audiovox CDM-8300 Audiovox CDM-8400 / CDM-8410 Audiovox CDM-8450 / CDM-8455 / VI600 Audiovox CDM-8500 Audiovox CDM-8600 Audiovox CDM-8615 Audiovox CDM-8900 Audiovox CDM-8910 / FLASHER V7/PM-8912 Audiovox CDM-8915 / Snapper Audiovox CDM-8930 Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox CDM-9100 Audiovox CDM-9150X Audiovox CDM-9155GPX Audiovox CDM-9200X Audiovox CDM-9500 Audiovox CDM-9600 Audiovox CDM-9900 Audiovox CDM-9950 Audiovox HTC-Apache / PPC-6700 Audiovox PC-3320 Audiovox PC-5220 Audiovox PC5740 EVDO PC Card Audiovox PM-8920 Audiovox PPC 4100 Audiovox PPC-5050-Falcon Audiovox PPC-6600/6601 Audiovox SMT-5600 Audiovox THERA / 2032 Audiovox VI600 Audiovox VOX-8610 Audiovox XV6600 B-Mobile B1+ B-Mobile C240 3G Flip Barnes & Noble Nook 16GB Silver BenQ P50 BenQ T60 Betsey Johnson Mobile by Samsung Big Button Flip Alcatel A392G BlackBerry 6210 / 6230 BlackBerry 6280 BlackBerry 6510 BlackBerry 6710 BlackBerry 6750 BlackBerry 7100g BlackBerry 7100i BlackBerry 7100r BlackBerry 7100t BlackBerry 7100v BlackBerry 7100x BlackBerry 7105t BlackBerry 7130c BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7230 / 7210 BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7270 BlackBerry 7280 BlackBerry 7290 BlackBerry 7510 BlackBerry 7520 BlackBerry 7750 BlackBerry 7780 / 7730 BlackBerry 8700c BlackBerry 8700g BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8800 BlackBerry 8820 BlackBerry 8830 BlackBerry 9000-Bold BlackBerry 9330 Titanium BlackBerry 9720 White BlackBerry Apollo BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9700 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Bold 9900 BlackBerry Bold 9930 BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330 Charcoal BlackBerry Curve 8320 BlackBerry Curve 8330 BlackBerry Curve 8350i BlackBerry Curve 8520 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8530 Black BlackBerry Curve 8900 BlackBerry Curve 9300 Black BlackBerry Curve 9310 BlackBerry Curve 9315 BlackBerry Curve 9320 BlackBerry Curve 9330 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9370 BlackBerry Curve-8300 BlackBerry Curve-8310 Red BlackBerry DTEK50 BlackBerry Javelin BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Pearl 3G 9100 Black BlackBerry Pearl 3G 9105 Black BlackBerry Pearl 8110 BlackBerry Pearl 8120 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 White BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8230 BlackBerry Pearl-8100 Blue BlackBerry PlayBook BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Q5 White BlackBerry Storm BlackBerry Storm2 BlackBerry Style BlackBerry Thunder-9500 BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Tour BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Z30 Blackphone 2 BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Dash X BLU Life One M Blu Life One X BLU Life One X BLU Life Play S BLU Life Play X BLU LIFE PRO BLU Life Pure BLU Life View BLU Life View Tab BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Pure XR BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 C HD Black BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0C BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio C 8+8 BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio Selfie LTE BLU Vivo 4.8 HD BLU Vivo IV BLU Vivo XL BLU Win HD Neon Green BLU Win JR White Boost MAX by ZTE Boost Warp 4G by ZTE Brigadier by Kyocera Casio EXILIM Casio G'zOne Boulder - Black & Silver CASIO G'zONE Ravine 2 (Non-Camera) Casio GzOne Brigade Casio GzOne Commando Casio GzOne Ravine Casio GzOne Ravine 2 Casio GzOne Rock CAT B15Q CAT S40 Compal AR-11 Red E SC1100 Coolpad Arise Coolpad Catalyst Coolpad Flo Coolpad Flo Black Coolpad Rogue Curitel Identity Curitel TX-110C Curitel TX-115C Curitel TX-120C Curitel TX-30B Curitel TX-50C Curitel TX-55C Curitel TX-60B/TX-61B Curitel TX-65B Curitel TX-95C Danger HIPTOP / SIDEKICK Color Danger HIPTOP / T-MOBILE SIDEKICK Danger HIPTOP 2 / SIDEKICK II Danger Sidekick-3 Danger Sidekick-iD Grey Dell Aero Dell Inspiron 14z Laptop Dell Inspiron Mini 10 with T-Mobile webConnect Dell Inspiron Mini 1012 Dell Streak 7 Dell Venue Dell Venue Pro Digital Chocolate Inc. Crazy Penguin Catapult Digix Tab 730 Double Power Nobis 7 Inch 8GB White DROID 2 by Motorola DROID 3 by Motorola DROID 4 by Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G by Motorola DROID by Motorola DROID CHARGE by Samsung Droid DNA by HTC DROID ERIS by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 by HTC DROID Incredible 4G LTE by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE by HTC DROID Pro by Motorola DROID R2 D2 by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola DROID RAZR HD by Motorola DROID RAZR M by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola DROID Turbo DROID X by Motorola DROID X2 by Motorola Ematic 7 Inch HD quad-core Ematic EGD 170 Black Enact by LG Ericsson A1228C Ericsson A1228D / A1228LX Ericsson A2218Z Ericsson c905a Ericsson Equinox Ericsson R278D Ericsson R280 / R289 Ericsson R300D / R300LX Ericsson R300Z Ericsson R380 WORLD Ericsson R520 Ericsson T28-World Ericsson T39 Ericsson T60D / T60LX Ericsson T66 Ericsson T68 Ericsson TM506 Ericsson Vivaz Ericsson W350 Ericsson W518a Ericsson Z750a Eten Glofiish-X500 Firefly FireFly Franklin 3G-4G USB U600 Franklin CDU-550AL Franklin Ellipsis Jetpack Black Franklin U300 Aircard Franklin U301 USB Device Franklin U600 4G USB Stick Black Galaxy Nexus by Samsung Garmin Garminfone Garmin nuvifone G60 Garmin-Asus nuvifone M20 Generic Manufacturer Sample Giveaway Item Generic Manufacturer VK-530 Google Nexus 10 16GB Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 5 Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 7 Google Nexus 9 Google Nexus One Google Pixel Google Pixel C Google Pixel XL Hitachi G1000 Hitachi SH-P300 HP H6315 / H6310 HP iPAQ Glisten HP iPAQ hw6510 / hw6515 HP iPAQ-510-Voice-Messenger HP iPAQ-610-Business-Navigator HP IPAQ-6320 HP iPAQ-6325 HP iPAQ-6945 HP iPAQ-910c-Business-Messenger HP iPAQ-hw6915 HP iPAQ-hw6940 HP Mini 210-1076NR Netbook HP Mini 311-1037NR Netbook HP Netbook 9.7 inch Black HP Palm Pre 2 HP Pre 3 HP Slate 7 HP Slate10 HD HP Slate7 Extreme HP Slate7 Plus HP Slate8 Pro HP TouchPad HP Veer 4G HTC 10 HTC 3125 HTC 5800 HTC 7 Pro HTC 8125 HTC 8525 HTC 8925-Tilt HTC 8XT HTC A11 White HTC A5 Max Gray HTC Accord Black HTC All New One HTC Amaze HTC Aria HTC Arrive HTC BLUE ANGEL / MDA III / XDA IIS HTC Bolt HTC CANARY / SPV HTC Cedar HTC Dash HTC Dash 3G HTC Desire HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 526 HTC Desire 530 HTC Desire 601 Black HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 612 HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 626s HTC Desire 816 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire C Black HTC Desire EYE HTC Desire Eye HTC Dream HTC Droid DNA HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 4G HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO Design 4G HTC EVO Shift 4G HTC EVO V 4G Black HTC EVO View 4G HTC Excalibur HTC Faraday / 2100 / 2125 HTC First HTC Flyer HTC Freestyle HTC FUZE HTC G1 HTC HD 7 HTC HD Mini HTC HD2 HTC HD7S HTC Hero HTC Hero S HTC HIMALAYAS / XDA II / MDA II HTC Imagio HTC Inspire 4G HTC Jetstream HTC Lancaster HTC Legend HTC M7 (Beta) HTC Magic HTC Magician / MDA Compact HTC Max 4G HTC MDA HTC MDA Basic HTC Merge HTC Merge HTC Mogul HTC Mogul Pocket PC 6800 HTC myTouch 3G 3.5mm Jack White HTC myTouch 3G Slide Black HTC myTouch 3G White HTC Nexus 9 HTC One (E8) HTC One (M8) HTC One (M8) For Windows HTC One A9 HTC One Google Play edition HTC One M7 HTC One M9 HTC One Max HTC One mini HTC One mini 2 HTC One remix HTC One S HTC One SV HTC One V HTC One VX White HTC One X HTC One X global HTC One X+ HTC Ozone HTC P3300 HTC P4300 HTC P4350 HTC P6500 HTC PPC6800 HTC Prophet/i-mate JAMin HTC Pure HTC Radar HTC Rezound HTC Rhodium HTC Rhyme HTC S621 Excalibur HTC S630 Cavalier HTC S710 HTC S720 HTC S730 HTC S740 HTC S743 HTC Salsa HTC SDA HTC Sensation HTC Shadow HTC Shift HTC SMT5800 HTC Snap HTC Space Needle/Pocket PC Phone HTC Star Trek/8500 HTC Status HTC Surround HTC TANAGER / SPV E100 / QTEK 7070 HTC Tattoo HTC Thunderbolt HTC Tilt 2 HTC Titan HTC Titan II HTC Tornado/SDA HTC Touch HTC Touch Cruise HTC Touch Diamond HTC Touch Diamond2 HTC Touch HD HTC Touch Pro HTC Touch Pro 2 HTC Touch Pro 6850 HTC Touch Viva HTC Touch-Cruise HTC Touch-DUAL HTC Touch-XV6900 HTC Trophy HTC TyTN HTC TyTN-II-Kaiser HTC Vivid HTC VOYAGER / SPV E200 / XPHONE HTC Warhawk HTC Wildfire S HTC Wing HTC X7500 HTC XV6800 Huawei Activa 4G Huawei Ascend Huawei Ascend 5W HUAWEI Ascend II Huawei Ascend Mate 2 Huawei Ascend Mate2 Huawei Ascend P1 S Huawei Ascend Plus Huawei Ascend Q Huawei Ascend W1 Huawei Ascend Y Huawei EC-3360 Huawei EC228 Huawei Express Huawei Express Mobile Hotspot Huawei Fusion 2 Black Huawei Fusion U8652 Blue Huawei Glory Huawei GX8 Huawei H110C Huawei H110C Huawei H210C Huawei H215G Huawei H866C Huawei H881 Black Huawei Honor 5X Huawei Honor 6 Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Honor 8 Huawei Impulse 4G Huawei Inspira Huawei M318 Huawei M328 Huawei M735 Huawei M750 Huawei M835 Huawei M865 Huawei Magna Huawei Mate 8 Huawei Mate 9 Huawei Mate S Huawei Mercury Huawei Mercury Ice Huawei NET10 Home Phone Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei P8 lite Huawei P9 Huawei P9 Plus Huawei Pal Huawei Pillar Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Pinnacle 2 Huawei Premia 4G Huawei Premia 4G Huawei Pronto Huawei Raven Huawei SENSA Huawei SnapTo Huawei Summit Huawei Summit Huawei Tap Berry Huawei Tap Midnight Blue Huawei U2800A Pal Black Huawei U3900 Black Huawei U8651T Prism Huawei UMG181 Huawei Union Huawei USBConnect Force 4G Huawei Valiant Huawei Valiant Huawei Verge Huawei Verge Huawei Vitria Huawei W1 Huawei Watch i-mate JAM i-mate JAQ i-mate JAQ3 i-mate JASJAR 3G PDA i-mate K-JAM i-mate PDAL i-mate Smartflip i-mate SP3i i-mate SPL i-mate Ultimate 6150 i-mate Ultimate 8150 i-mate Ultimate-8502 i-mate Ultimate-9502 innostream INNO A11 innostream INNO-30 innostream INNO-55 innostream INNO-89 innostream INNO-90 innostream INNO-98 / 99 Jolla Tablet KIN One Kyocera 1135 Kyocera 1155 Kyocera 126C Kyocera 2119 Kyocera 2135 Kyocera 2235 Kyocera 2255 Kyocera 2325 Kyocera 2345 Kyocera 3225 Kyocera 323 Kyocera 3245 Kyocera 3250 Kyocera 5135 Kyocera 7135 Kyocera Adreno-S240 Black Kyocera AKTIV-K480 Kyocera Brigadier Kyocera Brio Kyocera Coast Kyocera Contact Kyocera Cyclops-K312 Kyocera Cyclops-K325 Kyocera Deco-E1000 Kyocera Domino Kyocera Dorado-KX13 Kyocera DuraCore Kyocera DuraForce Kyocera DuraForce Pro Kyocera DuraForce XD Kyocera DuraMax Kyocera DuraPlus Kyocera DuraPro Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraXE Kyocera DuraXT Kyocera DuraXTP Kyocera DuraXV Kyocera Echo Kyocera ENERGI-K490 Kyocera ENERGI-K493 Kyocera Event Kyocera Hydro Kyocera Hydro Air Kyocera Hydro Edge Kyocera Hydro Elite Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Life Kyocera Hydro REACH Kyocera Hydro Vibe Kyocera Hydro View Kyocera Hydro Wave Kyocera Hydro XTRM Kyocera K10 Royale Kyocera K132 Kyocera K322 Kyocera K323 Kyocera K342 Kyocera K404 Kyocera K822 Kyocera K9 Kyocera KE413 / KE414 Phantom Kyocera KE424C / KX424 Blade Kyocera KE433 / K7 Rave Kyocera Kona Kyocera KPC-650 Kyocera KPC650 EVDO PC Card Kyocera KPC680-ExpressCard Kyocera KX1-SOHO Kyocera KX12 Kyocera KX16-Candid Kyocera KX18-ANGEL Kyocera KX18-JET Kyocera KX2 Kyocera KX2-KOI Kyocera KX414 Phantom Kyocera KX433 / KX434 Rave Kyocera KX440 / KX444 Kyocera KX9A Kyocera Laylo M1400 Kyocera Lingo-M1000 Kyocera Loft S2300 Black Kyocera Luno Kyocera Mako-S4000 Black Kyocera Melo S1300 Kyocera Milan-KX9B / KX9C Kyocera Milano Kyocera Neo E1100 Kyocera Oystr-KX9d Kyocera Presto Kyocera Presto Kyocera QCP-2035 Kyocera QCP-3035 Kyocera QCP-6035 Kyocera Rally Kyocera Rio Kyocera Rise Kyocera S14-Opal Kyocera S2100 Black Kyocera SE47 / SE44 / V5 Slider Kyocera SE47 Slider Kyocera Slider-Remix-KX5 Kyocera Slider-Sonic Kyocera Strobe-K612B Kyocera Switch-Back Kyocera Tempo-E2000 Kyocera TNT Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torque Kyocera TorqueXT Kyocera Verve Kyocera Wild-Card Kyocera X-tc M2000 Kyocera Xcursion-KX160 LeapFrog Tic-Talk LeEco Le Pro3 LeEco Le S3 Lenovo Phab 2 Pro LG 221C LG 101 LG 1010 LG 108C LG 109C LG 1500 LG 200 LG 220C LG 231C LG 235C LG 236C LG 237C LG 238C LG 290c LG 305C LG 306G LG 306G LG 320G LG 329G LG 400G LG 4015 LG 4050 LG 410G LG 420G Black LG 440G Black LG 441G LG 442BG LG 450 LG 4NE1 LG 500G LG 505C LG 511C LG 5450 LG 600G LG 6190 LG 620G LG 800G LG 840G LG 900G LG A340 LG A380 LG A7110 LG Access LTE LG Accolade LG Ally LG Apex LG Arena LG Aspire LG Attune LG AX-145 LG AX-245 LG AX-275 Silver LG AX-355 LG AX-390 LG AX-4270 LG AX-490 LG AX-8600 Silver LG AX155 LG AX300 LG AX4750 LG AX5000 / UX5000 LG AX565 LG AX8600 LG B470 LG Banter LG Banter Touch LG Beacon LG Beacon LG Bliss LG C1300i LG C2000 LG C900 LG CE110 LG CE500 LG CF360 LG CG180 LG CG225 LG CG300 LG Chocolate 3 LG Chocolate Touch LG Chocolate VX8550 LG Chocolate White LG Classic LG Clout LG Connect 4G LG Connect 4G LG Converse LG Cosmos LG Cosmos 2 LG Cosmos 2 Black LG Cosmos 3 LG Cosmos Touch LG CP150 LG CU320 LG CU400 LG CU500 LG CU500v LG CU515 LG Dare LG Decoy LG Destiny LG dLite LG Doubleplay LG Enact LG Encore LG Enlighten LG enV Touch LG enV VX11000 LG enV VX9900 LG enV-VX-9900 LG enV2 LG enV3 LG Envoy LG Envoy II LG Escape LG Escape 2 LG Esteem LG Esteem LG Exalt LG Exceed Black LG Exchange LG eXpo LG Extravert LG Extravert 2 LG F7200 LG F9100 LG F9200 LG Fathom LG Flare LG Freedom LG Fusic-LX550 LG G Flex LG G Flex 2 LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad 8.3 Google Play edition LG G Pad F7.0 LG G Pad X 8.0 LG G Pro 2 LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G Vista 2 LG G Watch LG G Watch R LG G2 LG G3 LG G3 Vigor LG G4 LG G4010 / G4011 LG G4020 LG G5 LG Genesis LG Glance LG Glimmer LG GM730 LG GS170 LG GU295 LG HB620T LG Helix UX310 Orange LG Ignite LG Imprint LG INCITE LG Intuition LG Intuition LG Invision LG K10 LG K3 LG K4 LG K7 LG K8 V LG KE850-Prada LG KE970-Shine LG KF900-Prada LG KP265 LG KP500 Cookie LG KU990-Viewty LG L1150 / L1100 LG L1200 LG L1400 LG L1400i LG L34C LG L35G SIM4 LG L39C LG Lancet LG Leon LTE LG LG 530G LG LG-AX-140 LG Lotus LG Lotus Elite LG Lucid LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 3 LG Lucky LG LX-150 LG LX-5550 / VX-5550 LG LX1200 LG LX150 LG LX160 LG LX290 LG LX350 LG LX350 LG LX370 LG LX400 LG LX400 LG LX535 LG LX5350 LG LX550 LG Lyric LG M4410 LG Mach LG Marquee LG Migo LG Migo (sm) LG MM-535 LG Motion 4G LG Motion 4G LG Muziq LX570 LG Muziq-LX-570 Black LG Mystique LG Neon LG Neon II LG Nexus 5X LG Nitro HD LG Octane LG Optimus 2X LG Optimus 4X HD LG Optimus Black LG Optimus C LG Optimus Dynamic LG Optimus Dynamic II LG Optimus Elite LG Optimus Exceed 2 LG Optimus Extreme LG Optimus F3 LG Optimus F3Q LG Optimus F5 LG Optimus F6 LG Optimus F7 LG Optimus Fuel LG Optimus G LG Optimus G Pro LG Optimus L70 LG Optimus L9 LG Optimus L90 LG Optimus Logic LG Optimus M LG Optimus M LG Optimus M Plus LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus Net LG Optimus Plus LG Optimus Q LG Optimus Regard LG Optimus S LG Optimus S Purple LG Optimus SHOWTIME LG Optimus Slider LG Optimus U LG Optimus Ultimate LG Optimus V LG Optimus V LG Optimus Zip LG Optimus Zone LG Optimus Zone 2 LG Optimus Zone 3 LG Phoenix LG Phoenix 2 LG PM-225 LG PM-225 LG PM-325 LG Power L22C LG Premier LG Prestige LG Prime LG Quantum LG Realm LG Realm Black LG Rebel LG Remarq LG Renoir-KC910 LG Revere LG Revere LG Revere 2 LG Revere 3 LG Revolution LG Rhythm LG Rumor LG Rumor 2 LG Rumor Black LG Rumor Reflex LG Rumor Reflex S LG Rumor Touch LG Saber LG Scoop LG Select LG Sentio LG Shine CU720 LG Shine II LG Shine-CU720 LG Spirit LG Spirit 4G LG Splendor LG Spyder 830 LG Star Black LG Stylo 2 LG Stylo 2 PLUS LG Stylo 2 V LG Sunrise LG Sunset LG Swift LG Thrive LG TM-220 LG TM-510 LG TP-1100 LG TP-5200 LG TP-5250 LG Transpyre LG Trax-CU575 LG Treasure LTE LG Tribute LG Tribute 2 LG Tribute 5 LG Tribute HD LG Tritan LG U8150 LG Ultimate 2 LG UX-210 LG UX-245 LG UX-355 LG UX-390 LG UX220 LG UX4750 LG V10 LG V20 LG Venice LG Venus LG Versa LG VI-125 LG VI-125 LG VI-5225 LG VI5225 / 5400A LG Viper LG VL600 4G USB Modem LG Volt LG Volt 2 LG Vortex LG Voyager LG Vu CU915 LG Vu CU920 LG Vu Plus LG VX-1 / TM-520 LG VX-10 LG VX-2000 LG VX-3100 / 3100A / TM250 LG VX-3200 LG VX-3450 LG VX-4100 LG VX-4270 LG VX-4400 LG VX-4500 LG VX-4600 LG VX-4700 LG VX-5200 LG VX-5200 LG VX-5400 LG VX-6000 LG VX-6100 LG VX-7000 LG VX-8000 LG VX-8100 LG VX-8300 LG VX-8350 LG VX-8500-Chocolate LG VX-8550-Chocolate Black LG VX-8600 LG VX-8700 LG VX-9000 LG VX-9400 LG VX-9800 LG VX3100 LG VX3300 LG VX3300 LG VX3400 LG VX3400 LG VX3450 LG VX3450L LG VX4400 LG VX4500 LG VX4650 LG VX5200 LG VX5300 LG VX5400 LG VX5500 LG VX7000 LG VX8000 LG VX8300 LG VX8350 LG VX8350 Red LG VX8360 LG VX8600 LG VX9800 LG Watch Urbane LG Wave-AX380 LG Wine II UN430 Titanium Gray LG X Power LG X Style LG Xenon LG Xpression LG Xpression 2 LG Xpression 2 Blue LG100C LG200C LG225 LG300G LG400G LG501C LG620G LG900G Linksys Hi Port Router Lucid 3 by LG Mach Speed Trio Stealth G4 Mach Speed Trio Stealth Pro Mach Speed Trio Stealth Pro G2 MEEP Children's Android Tablet Meizu M2 Note Meta M1 MW4003 Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 650 Microsoft Lumia 735 Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL MiFi 2200 Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot by Novatel Wireless MiFi 500 LTE by Novatel Wireless MiTAC MIO-8380 MiTAC MIO-8390 Mitsubishi G310 Mitsubishi G360 Mitsubishi G410 Mitsubishi M900/M430i Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm Moto 360 Sport Moto E3 Moto G4 Moto G4 Play Moto G4 Plus Moto Z Force Moto Z Play Motorola HOLLYWOOD/ E815 Motorola 2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Dale-Jarrett Motorola 388C Motorola 408 Motorola A009 Motorola A1200 Ming Motorola A1200/MING Black Motorola A388 Motorola A6288 Motorola A630 Motorola A630 Motorola A668 Motorola A780 Motorola A810 Motorola A830 Motorola A835 Motorola A840 Motorola A845 Motorola A855 Motorola A920 Motorola Admiral Motorola Adventure V750 Motorola Atrix 2 Motorola Atrix 4G Motorola Atrix HD Motorola AURA Motorola Backflip Motorola Barrage Motorola Bravo Motorola Brute i680 Motorola Buzz ic502 Motorola Buzz-ic502 Black Motorola C139 Motorola C155 Motorola C168i Motorola C186i Motorola C250 / C256 Motorola C261 Motorola C290 Motorola C331T Motorola C332 / C331G / C333 Motorola C343 / C343A / C341 Motorola C350G / C353 / C359 GSM Motorola C353T Motorola C370 / C450 Motorola C380 Motorola C381p Motorola C650 Motorola Charm Motorola Citrus Motorola CLIQ Motorola CLIQ 2 Motorola CLIQ XT Motorola Clutch i465 Motorola Clutch Plus i475 Motorola Crush Motorola Debut i856 Motorola Defy Motorola Defy XT Motorola Devour Motorola DROID MAXX Motorola DROID Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Mini Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Motorola DROID TURBO Black Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Droid Xyboard 10.1 Motorola Droid Xyboard 8.2 Motorola e1000 Motorola E310 Motorola E380 Motorola E398 Motorola E680 Motorola E815 Motorola Electrify Motorola Electrify 2 Motorola Electrify M Motorola EM326g Motorola EM330 Motorola Entice Motorola Evoke Motorola EX124G Motorola EX431G Motorola Flipout Motorola Flipside Motorola Grasp Motorola Heron Motorola Hint QA30 Motorola Hollywood-E816 Black Motorola i1 Motorola I2000PLUS Motorola i205 Motorola i215 Motorola i265 Motorola i275 Motorola i285 Motorola i290 Motorola i296 Black Motorola i305 Motorola I30SX Motorola i315 Motorola i325 Motorola i335 Motorola i355 Motorola I35S Motorola i365 Motorola i415 Motorola i425 Motorola i450 Motorola I50SX Motorola i530 Motorola i530b Motorola i530y Motorola i530y Motorola I55SR / I58SR Motorola i560 Motorola i570 Motorola i576 Motorola i580 Motorola i605 Motorola i605 Motorola I60C Motorola i670 Motorola i710 Motorola i710 Motorola i720 Motorola i730 / i733 Motorola i736-2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Jeff-Gordon Motorola i736-2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Tony-Stewart Motorola i760 Motorola i776 Motorola i776W Motorola I80S Motorola i830 Motorola i830 Silver Motorola i835 Motorola i836 Motorola i850 Motorola i855 Motorola I85S / I88S Motorola i860 Motorola i870 Motorola i880 Motorola i880 Motorola i885 Motorola i886 Motorola i890 Motorola I90C Motorola i920 Motorola i930 Motorola I95CL / I99CL Motorola ic402-Blend Motorola ic602-Buzz Motorola ic902 Motorola Karma QA1 Motorola Krave ZN4 Motorola KRZR-K1 Cosmic Blue Motorola KRZR-K1m Motorola L2 Motorola L6 Motorola Luge Motorola Luge Black Motorola Milestone 3 Motorola Milestone Plus Motorola Moto 360 Motorola Moto E (1st Gen) Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto E Black Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (2nd Gen.) Black Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Motorola Moto G 4G LTE Motorola Moto G Play Motorola MOTO VE66 Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2014) Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen.) Black Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Pure Motorola Moto Z Motorola MOTO Z10 Motorola MOTO ZN200 Motorola MOTO-ACTV-W450 Yellow Motorola MOTOMING-A1600 Motorola MOTOMING-A1800 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM25 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM28 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM30 Motorola MPx Motorola MPX100 Motorola MPX200 Motorola MPX220 Motorola PEBL Motorola PEBL Motorola PHOTON 4G Motorola Photon Q Motorola Q Motorola Q-11 Motorola Q9 Motorola Q9c Motorola Q9h-Global Motorola Q9m Motorola Quantico W845 Motorola Rapture VU30 Motorola Razr V3 Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana Motorola RAZR V3m Motorola RAZR VE20 Motorola RAZR-maxx-Ve Motorola RAZR-V3 Silver Motorola RAZR-V3a Motorola RAZR-V3c Motorola RAZR-V3i Motorola RAZR-V3m Motorola RAZR-V3r Fire Red Motorola RAZR-V3s Motorola RAZR-V3t Black Motorola RAZR-V3x Dark Blue Motorola RAZR-V3xx Grey Motorola RAZR2 V9m Motorola RAZR2-V8 Motorola RAZR2-V9 Motorola RAZR2-V9x Black Motorola Renegade V950 Motorola Renew Motorola Rival Motorola RIZR Z3 Motorola RIZR-Z3 Black Motorola RIZR-Z6c Motorola RIZR-Z6tv Motorola RIZR-Z8 Motorola ROKR E8 Motorola ROKR EM35 Motorola ROKR U9 Motorola ROKR Z6 Motorola ROKR-E1 Motorola ROKR-E2 Motorola ROKR-E6 Motorola ROKR-Z6 Black Motorola ROKR-Z6m Motorola Roxy-i830 Motorola Sidekick-Slide Motorola SLVR-L7 Motorola SLVR-L7c Black Motorola SLVR-L7e Motorola SLVR-L7i Motorola SLVR-L9 Motorola Stature i9 Motorola Surf A3100 Motorola T191 Motorola T280I Motorola T300P Motorola T720 / T721 Motorola T720I / T722I GSM Motorola T722i Motorola T725E Motorola T730 / T731C Motorola TALKABOUT-T193 / T193M Motorola Theory Motorola TIMEPORT P7382I Motorola TIMEPORT-270C Motorola TIMEPORT-P280 Motorola Titanium Motorola Triumph Motorola Tundra Motorola U9 Black Motorola v100 Motorola v120C Motorola v120e Motorola v120T Motorola v120X Motorola V171 Motorola V173 Motorola V176 Motorola V177 Motorola v180 Motorola V188 Motorola V190 Motorola V195 Motorola V195 Motorola v200 Motorola v220 Motorola V226 Motorola V235 Motorola V260 Motorola V260 / V262 Motorola v265 Motorola V266 Motorola V276 Motorola v300 Motorola v323 Motorola V325 Motorola V330 Motorola V360 Motorola V365 Motorola V3a Fire red Motorola v400 Motorola V400p Motorola v500 / v525 / v505 Motorola v535 / v545 / v550 / e550 Motorola V540 Motorola V551 Motorola V555 Motorola V557 Motorola v600 Motorola V600 Motorola v60C Motorola v60G Motorola v60I-TDMA / v60TI Motorola v60P / v60S Motorola v60T Motorola v60V Motorola V60X Motorola v620 Motorola v635 Motorola V65p Motorola v66 Motorola v66I Motorola v690 Motorola v70 Motorola v710 Motorola v80 Motorola v810 Motorola V872 Motorola v878 Motorola V980 Motorola VE240 Motorola VE465 Motorola VE75 Black Motorola VU204 Motorola W160 Motorola W175 Motorola W180 Motorola W206 Motorola W213 Motorola W230 Motorola W270 Motorola W315 Black Motorola W370 Motorola W375 Motorola W375g Motorola W376g Motorola W380 Motorola W385 Motorola W395 Motorola W408g Motorola W409G Motorola W418G Motorola W419G Black Motorola W490 Motorola W490 Motorola W510 Motorola W510 Motorola W755 Motorola XOOM Motorola XPRT Motorola Z6w Motorola Z9 Motorola Zine ZN5 myTouch 4G NEC 232E NEC 515 NEC 525 NEC 535 NEC Terrain Neonode Freerunner Neonode N1 Neonode N2 Netgear 341U USB Modem Netgear Mingle Mobile Hotspot NETGEAR Unite Netgear Zing NETGEAR Zing Netgear Zing Mobile Hotspot Nextbit Robin NextBook NEXT 10P12 9.7 inch Nexus S 4G Nexus S from Google Nixxo NXG-7300 Nixxo NXG-9230 Nokia 1006 Nokia 1100 Nokia 1101 Nokia 1108 Apple Silver Nokia 1110 Nokia 1208 Nokia 1208 Nokia 1221 Nokia 1260 / 1261 Nokia 1600 Nokia 1606 Nokia 1616 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1680 Nokia 2115i/2116i Nokia 2125i/2126i/2128i Nokia 2128 Nokia 2135 Nokia 216 Nokia 2260 Nokia 2270 Nokia 2285 / 2275 Nokia 2330 Nokia 2365i Nokia 2366i Nokia 2600 Nokia 2608 Nokia 2610 Nokia 2630 Nokia 2650 Nokia 2651 Nokia 2680 Nokia 2700 Classic Nokia 2855 Nokia 2865 Nokia 3100 Nokia 3108 Nokia 3120 Blue Nokia 3128 Nokia 3155i / VI3155 Nokia 3200 Nokia 3205 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3230 Nokia 3250 Black Nokia 3285 Nokia 3300 Nokia 3360 / 3361 Nokia 3390 Nokia 3395 Nokia 3500-classic Nokia 3555 Nokia 3560 Nokia 3570 Nokia 3585 / 3585I Nokia 3586I / 3588I Nokia 3588i Nokia 3589I / 3587I Nokia 3590 Nokia 3595 Nokia 3600 Nokia 3600-Slide Wine Nokia 3606 Nokia 3610 Nokia 3620 Nokia 3650 Nokia 3660 Nokia 3660 Nokia 3711 Nokia 5100 Nokia 5130 Nokia 5140 Nokia 5165 Nokia 5185I Nokia 5220-XpressMusic Nokia 5300 Red Nokia 5310 XpressMusic Nokia 5320-XpressMusic Nokia 5500-Sport Nokia 5530 XpressMusic Black Nokia 5610 Nokia 5630 XpressMusic Red Nokia 5700-XpressMusic Nokia 5800-XpressMusic Blue Nokia 6010 Nokia 6015i Nokia 6015i Nokia 6016i Nokia 6020 Nokia 6021 Nokia 6030 Nokia 6030 Nokia 6060 Nokia 6061 Nokia 6085 Nokia 6086 Nokia 6100 Nokia 6101 Nokia 6101/6102 Nokia 6102i Nokia 6103 Nokia 6108 Nokia 6110 Nokia 6111 Nokia 6120-classic Nokia 6121-classic Nokia 6125 Nokia 6126 Nokia 6131 Nokia 6133 Nokia 6133 Nokia 6136 Nokia 6155i Nokia 6165i Nokia 6165i Nokia 6170 Nokia 6200 Nokia 6205 Nokia 6215i Nokia 6215i Nokia 6220 Nokia 6225 / PM6225 Nokia 6230 Nokia 6230i Nokia 6233 Black Nokia 6235i/6236i Nokia 6255i Nokia 6256i Nokia 6260 Nokia 6260 slide Black Nokia 6263 Nokia 6265 Nokia 6267 Nokia 6270 Mist Blue Nokia 6275i Nokia 6280 Grey Nokia 6282 Nokia 6290 Nokia 6300 Nokia 6301 Nokia 6303 Classic Silver Nokia 6305i Nokia 6310I Nokia 6315i Nokia 6340 Nokia 6340I Nokia 6350 Nokia 6360 Nokia 6370 Nokia 6385 Nokia 6500-Slide Nokia 6555 Nokia 6560 Nokia 6585 Nokia 6590 / 6590I Nokia 6600 Nokia 6600-fold Nokia 6600-Slide Nokia 6610 Nokia 6610I Nokia 6620 Nokia 6630 Nokia 6650 Nokia 6651 Nokia 6670 Nokia 6680 Nokia 6682/6681 Nokia 6700 Classic Sliver Nokia 6708 Nokia 6800 Nokia 6800 Nokia 6810 Nokia 6820/6820i Nokia 6822 Nokia 7160 Nokia 7190 Nokia 7200 Nokia 7210 Nokia 7250 / 7250I Nokia 7260 Nokia 7270 Nokia 7280 Nokia 7360 White Amber Nokia 7370 Brown Nokia 7380 Nokia 7510 Nokia 7600 Nokia 7610 Nokia 7610 Supernova Nokia 7700 Nokia 7710 Nokia 7900-Prism Nokia 8260 Nokia 8265 / 8265I Nokia 8270 Nokia 8290 Nokia 8390 Nokia 8600-Luna Nokia 8800 / 8801 Nokia 8800 Arte Nokia 8890 Nokia 9290 Nokia 9300 Nokia 9300i Nokia 9500 Nokia Astound Nokia C6 White Nokia E50 Nokia E51 Nokia E55 Black Aluminium Nokia E61 Nokia E61i Nokia E62 Nokia E63 Ruby Red Nokia E65 Mocca Silver Nokia E66 Nokia E70 Nokia E71 Nokia E71x Nokia E72 Nokia E73 Mode Nokia E75 Red Nokia E90 Nokia Intrigue 7205 Silver Keypad Nokia Lumia 1020 Nokia Lumia 1320 Nokia Lumia 1520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Red Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia Lumia 520 Black Nokia Lumia 521 Nokia Lumia 530 Nokia Lumia 620 Cyan Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 635 Nokia Lumia 710 Nokia Lumia 800 Magenta Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 820 Nokia Lumia 822 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 900 Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia Lumia 925 Nokia Lumia 928 Nokia Lumia Icon Nokia Mirage 2605 Nokia Mural Nokia N-Gage Nokia N-GAGE QD Nokia N1 Nokia N70 Nokia n71 Nokia N72 Nokia N73 Nokia N73 Deep Plum Silver Nokia N75 Nokia N76 Red Nokia N78 Nokia N79 Nokia N8 Black Nokia N80 Nokia N81-8GB Nokia N810 Silver Nokia N810 WiMax edition Nokia N82 Nokia N85 Nokia N86 Black Nokia N90 Nokia N900 Nokia N91 Light Chrome Nokia N93 Nokia N95 Nokia N95 8GB Nokia N96 Nokia N97 Nokia N97 Mini Nokia NGage Nokia Nuron 5230 Nokia Nuron 5230 Nokia Shade 2705 Nokia Shorty Nokia Supernova-7210 Nokia Supernova-7310 Nokia Supernova-7510 Nokia Surge Nokia Tiger White Nokia Twist 7705 Nokia VI-3155 Nokia X2 Nokia X2 Novatel Broadband2Go Novatel EX720 Express PC Card Novatel EX720 ExpressCard Novatel Merlin C777 Novatel Merlin S620 Novatel MiFi 5580 Novatel MiFi Liberate Novatel Ovation U727 Novatel Ovation U760 Novatel Ovation-U727 Novatel S720 Novatel S720-Wireless-PC-Card Novatel U720 PC/Mac Card Novatel U760 Novatel USB1000 Global Modem Novatel USB720 Novatel USB727-Modem Novatel V620 EVDO PC Card Novatel V620-EV-DO-PC-card Novatel V640 PC/Mac USB Broadband Card Novatel V640-PC-Card Novatel V740 Express Card Novatel V740 PC/Mac Wireless Broadband Card o2 XDA Ignito o2 XDA-Stealth OnePlus 2 OnePlus 3 OnePlus 3T OnePlus One OnePlus One OnePlus X Oppo N1 Option GT-Max-3.6-Express Option GT-Max-Wireless-Card Option GT-Ultra Option GT-Ultra-Express Overdrive 3G 4G Mobile Hotspot Palm 680 Palm 700p Palm 700w-CDMA Palm 700wx Palm 750 Palm 755p Blue Palm Centro Palm M500 Palm Pixi Palm Pixi Plus Palm Pre Palm Pre Plus Palm Pro Palm Treo 650 Palm Treo 700wx Palm Treo 800w Palm Treo Pro Palm TREO-180 Palm Treo-270 Palm TREO-300 Palm TREO-600-GSM Palm TREO-650 Panasonic ALLURE-EB-TX310 Panasonic DURAMAX-EB-TX220 Panasonic G50 / G51 Panasonic G51U Panasonic G60U Panasonic G70 Panasonic GD55 / A100 Panasonic GD87 / GU87 Panasonic VERSIO-EB-TX320 Panasonic VS7 Panasonic X11 Panasonic X300 Panasonic X500 Panasonic X70 Panasonic X700 Panasonic X800 Pantech Breakout Pantech Breeze II Pantech Breeze III Pantech Breeze IV Black Pantech Breeze-C520 Pantech Burst Pantech C150 Pantech C3b Pantech C610 Pantech C630 Pantech Caper Pantech CDM-180 Pantech CDM8635 Pantech Crossover Pantech Crux Pantech Discover Pantech Duo-C810 Pantech Ease Pantech Element Pantech Flex Pantech Hero/PN-8300 Pantech Hotshot Pantech Impact Pantech Jest Pantech Jest 2 Pantech Laser Pantech Link Pantech Link II Pantech Marauder Pantech Matrix Pantech Matrix Pro Pantech Ocean Pantech Ocean 2 Pantech P7040p Pantech Perception Pantech Perception Pantech PG-8000 Pantech PG-C120 Pantech PG-C300 Pantech PN-215 Pantech PN-218 Pantech PN-320 Pantech PN-3200 Pantech PN-820 Pantech Pocket Pantech Pursuit Pantech Pursuit II Pantech PX-500 Pantech Renue Pantech Renue Pantech Reveal Pantech Slate Pantech Snapper Pantech Swift Pantech UML290 4G USB Modem Pantech UML295 LTE USB Modem Pantech UMW190 Global USB Modem Pantech Vybe PCD CDM 8950 PCD CDM-8975 PCD Chaser PCD Escapade PCD Razzle PCD Sprint Phone Connect Black PCD TXTM8 PCD Venture Black Pebble Steel Black Phone Connect 3 Plum Might Z513 Que 4.5 Que 5.0 REEF RIM BlackBerry 6710 RIM BlackBerry 7100t RIM BlackBerry 7105t RIM BlackBerry 7130e RIM BlackBerry 7230 RIM BlackBerry 8700g Rugged CAT S50 S275G Sagem MY-X-5P Sagem my301L Samsung 4G Mobile Hotspot LC11 Samsung A157 Gray Samsung A177 Samsung A580 Samsung Access Samsung Acclaim SCH-r880 Samsung Admire Samsung Admire Samsung Alias 2 Samsung Array Samsung ATIV Odyssey Samsung ATIV S Neo Samsung ATIV SE Samsung Axle Samsung Beam Samsung Beat Samsung Beat DJ M7600 Samsung Beat-SGH-T539 Samsung Behold Samsung Behold II Samsung BlackJack II i617 Samsung Blackjack-2-SGH-617 Black Samsung BlackJack-SGH-i607 Samsung Blast-SGH-T729 Samsung Brightside Samsung Byline R310 Samsung Caliber SCH-r850 Samsung Captivate Samsung Captivate Glide Samsung Character Gray Samsung Chianti Samsung Chrono Samsung Chrono 2 Samsung Cobra M320-Burgundy Samsung Code Samsung Comeback Samsung Comment Samsung Comment 2 Samsung Conquer 4G Samsung Continuum Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Convoy Samsung Convoy 2 Samsung Convoy 3 Samsung Craft Samsung Craft SCH-r900 Samsung D415 Samsung D510 Samsung D900 Samsung Dart Samsung Dart Samsung Delve Samsung Diane-Von-Furstenberg-Mobile Samsung DoubleTime Samsung Drift Samsung E105 Samsung E315 Samsung E335 Samsung E350 Samsung E635 Samsung E715 Samsung Emporio-Armani-M7500 Samsung Entro Samsung Epic Samsung Epic 4G Touch Samsung Epix Samsung Eternity Samsung Eternity II Samsung Evergreen Samsung Exclaim Samsung Exec SCH-i225 Samsung Exhibit 4G Samsung Exhibit II 4G Samsung F110-Adidas-miCoach Samsung F700 Samsung Factor Samsung Fascinate Samsung Fin Samsung Finesse r810 Samsung Flight Samsung Flight II Samsung FlipShot-U900 Black Samsung Focus Samsung Focus 2 Samsung Focus Flash Samsung Focus S Samsung Freeform Samsung Freeform 4 Samsung Freeform 5 Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform M Samsung G800 Samsung Galaxy 4 mini White Samsung Galaxy A5 Samsung Galaxy Ace Samsung Galaxy Ace 3 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace Style Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Amp Samsung Galaxy Appeal Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Avant Samsung Galaxy Axiom Samsung Galaxy Centura Samsung Galaxy Core Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Samsung Galaxy Discover Samsung Galaxy E5 Samsung Galaxy Exhibit Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate Samsung Galaxy Express 3 Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone Samsung Galaxy Express Prime Samsung Galaxy Gear Samsung Galaxy Go Prime Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy i7500 Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy J1 Ace Samsung Galaxy J1 LTE Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Samsung Galaxy J2 Samsung Galaxy J3 (2016) Samsung Galaxy J3 V Samsung Galaxy J5 Samsung Galaxy J7 Samsung Galaxy K zoom Samsung Galaxy Legend Samsung Galaxy Light Samsung Galaxy Luna Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 5.8 Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Samsung Galaxy Metrix 4G Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Samsung Galaxy Note 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Samsung Galaxy Note II Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Note5 Samsung Galaxy Note7 Samsung Galaxy On5 Samsung Galaxy Precedent Samsung Galaxy Premier Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 White Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Reverb Samsung Galaxy Ring Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro Samsung Galaxy Rush Samsung Galaxy S 4 zoom Samsung Galaxy S 4G Samsung Galaxy S Aviator Samsung Galaxy S Blaze Samsung Galaxy S II Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket HD Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy S III Mini Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Samsung Galaxy S WiFi 4.2 White Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung Galaxy S7 Active Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Samsung Galaxy Sky Samsung Galaxy Stardust Samsung Galaxy Stellar Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II Samsung Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 7.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S White Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Tab4 7.0 White Samsung Galaxy TabPRO Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy View Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear Live Samsung Gear S Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gear S3 Classic Samsung Gear S3 Frontier Samsung Gem Samsung Gleam-U700 Samsung Glint Pink Samsung Gloss SCH-U440 Samsung Glyde Samsung Gravity 2 Samsung Gravity 3 Samsung Gravity Q Samsung Gravity SMART Samsung Gravity T Samsung Gravity TXT Samsung GT2 Samsung Gusto Samsung Gusto 2 Samsung Gusto 3 Samsung Gusto 3 Blue Samsung Haven Samsung Heat Samsung Highlight Samsung Highlight T749 Ice Samsung Highnote Samsung Hue II Samsung i400 Samsung i740 Samsung i8510 Samsung i900-Omnia Samsung Illusion Samsung Impact Samsung Impression Samsung Indulge Samsung Infinity Samsung Infuse 4G Samsung Instinct Samsung Instinct HD Samsung Instinct S30 Samsung Instinct s30 Touch of Copper Samsung Intensity Samsung Intensity II Samsung Intensity III Samsung Intercept Samsung Intrepid Samsung IP-830w Samsung IP-A790 Samsung Jack Samsung JetSet-R550 Samsung Jitterbug-SPH-A110 Samsung Katalyst T739 Samsung Katalyst-SGH-T739 Samsung Knack U310 Samsung LTE MiFi Samsung LTE Mobile HotSpot Pro Samsung Lucello Samsung M140 Samsung M220 Samsung M240 Samsung M300 Samsung M3200-Beat-S Samsung M330 Samsung M370 Samsung M400 Samsung M500 Samsung M510 Samsung M510 Pink Samsung M520 Samsung M575 Samsung M610 Samsung Magnet Samsung Mantra M340 Samsung Memoir Samsung Mesmerize Samsung Messager II R560 Samsung Messager III Samsung Messager R450 Samsung Messager Touch SCH-r630 Blue Samsung Mirage-i907 Samsung MM-A700 Samsung MM-A800 Samsung MM-A880 Samsung MM-A900 Samsung MM-A920 Samsung MM-A920 Samsung MM-A940 Samsung Moment Samsung Mondi WiMAX SWD-M100 Samsung Montage Samsung Muse Samsung MyShot Samsung MyShot II R460 Samsung Mysto Samsung Mythic Samsung Omnia Samsung Omnia HD i8910 Samsung Omnia II Samsung P300 Samsung Pivot Samsung Pixon-M8800 Samsung PM-A740 Samsung PM-A840 Samsung Precedent Samsung Profile Samsung Propel Samsung Propel Pro Samsung R225m Samsung R335C Samsung R375C Samsung R451C Samsung R455C Samsung Rant Samsung Reality Samsung Reclaim Samsung Renown Samsung Replenish Samsung Repp Samsung Restore Samsung Rogue Samsung Rugby Samsung Rugby 4 Samsung Rugby II Samsung Rugby III Samsung Rugby Smart Samsung S125 Black Samsung S150G Black Samsung S275G Samsung S336C Samsung S380C Samsung S390G Samsung S425G Samsung Saga Samsung SCH r451c Samsung SCH-A220 Samsung SCH-A310 Samsung SCH-A530 Samsung SCH-A570 Samsung SCH-A610 Samsung SCH-A630 Samsung SCH-a645 Samsung SCH-A650 Samsung SCH-A670 Samsung SCH-A690 Samsung SCH-A770 Samsung SCH-A790 Samsung SCH-A850 Samsung SCH-A870 Samsung SCH-A890 Samsung SCH-A930 Samsung SCH-A950 Samsung SCH-A970 Samsung SCH-A990 Samsung SCH-I600 / SP-I600 Samsung SCH-i730 Samsung SCH-i760 Samsung SCH-i830 Samsung SCH-N150 Samsung SCH-N330 Samsung SCH-N370 Samsung SCH-R200 Samsung SCH-R300 Samsung SCH-R400 Samsung SCH-R410 Samsung SCH-r470 Red Samsung SCH-r500 Hue Samsung SCH-R610 Samsung SCH-T300 Samsung SCH-U340 Samsung SCH-U340-Snap Samsung SCH-U410 Samsung SCH-U420 Samsung SCH-u430 Black Samsung SCH-U470-Juke Navy Samsung SCH-U520 Samsung SCH-U540 Samsung SCH-U550 Samsung SCH-U620 Samsung SCH-U740 Samsung SCH-U740 Alias Samsung Seek Samsung SGH A237-Blue Samsung SGH A777 Blue Samsung SGH T429 Samsung SGH-A107 Samsung SGH-a127 Samsung SGH-A137 Samsung SGH-A167 Samsung SGH-A187 Blue Samsung SGH-A197 Black Samsung SGH-A226 Samsung SGH-A227 Samsung SGH-A437 Red Samsung SGH-A517 Samsung SGH-A637 Samsung SGH-a657 Samsung SGH-A717 Samsung SGH-A727 Samsung SGH-A736 Samsung SGH-A737 Blue Samsung SGH-C207 Samsung SGH-C225 Samsung SGH-C416 Black Samsung SGH-C417 Grey Samsung SGH-D100 Samsung SGH-D307 Samsung SGH-D357 Samsung SGH-D407 Samsung SGH-D415 / SGH-D410 Samsung SGH-D500 Samsung SGH-D520 Samsung SGH-D600 Samsung SGH-D700 Samsung SGH-D720 Samsung SGH-d800 Samsung SGH-D806 Black Samsung SGH-D807 Grey Samsung SGH-D820 Samsung SGH-D840 Samsung SGH-D900 Samsung SGH-E105 Samsung SGH-E315 Samsung SGH-E316 / SGH-E317 Samsung SGH-E335 Samsung SGH-E360 Samsung SGH-E400 Samsung SGH-E600 Samsung SGH-E610 Samsung SGH-E630 Samsung SGH-E635 Samsung SGH-E640 Samsung SGH-E715 Samsung SGH-E720 Samsung SGH-E730 Samsung SGH-E760 Samsung SGH-E770 Samsung SGH-E840 Samsung SGH-E870 Samsung SGH-E880 Samsung SGH-E900 Samsung SGH-i250 Samsung SGH-i300 Samsung SGH-i320 Samsung SGH-I505 / SGH-I500 Samsung SGH-I700 Samsung SGH-N105 Samsung SGH-N625 Samsung SGH-P100 Samsung SGH-P107 Samsung SGH-P207 Samsung SGH-P400 / SGH-P408 Samsung SGH-P500 Samsung SGH-P705 Samsung SGH-P716 / SGH-P710 Samsung SGH-P735 / SGH-P730 Samsung SGH-P777 Samsung SGH-P850 Samsung SGH-Q105 Samsung SGH-R225 / SGH-R225M Samsung SGH-S105 / SGH-S100 Samsung SGH-S200 Samsung SGH-S300 / SGH-S300M Samsung SGH-S307 Samsung SGH-T101G Samsung SGH-T139 Samsung SGH-T199 Samsung SGH-T201G Samsung SGH-T209 Red Samsung SGH-T219 Chocolate Samsung SGH-T229 Samsung SGH-T239 Maroon Samsung SGH-T249 Blue Samsung SGH-T259 Samsung SGH-T301G Samsung SGH-t309 Samsung SGH-t319 Samsung SGH-t349 Samsung SGH-T369 Samsung SGH-T409 Samsung SGH-T439 Samsung SGH-T509 Silver Samsung SGH-T509s Plum Samsung SGH-T519 Trace Samsung SGH-T609 Samsung SGH-T619 Samsung SGH-T629 Samsung SGH-T639 Samsung SGH-t659 Samsung SGH-T709 Samsung SGH-T719 Samsung SGH-T809 Samsung SGH-t819 Samsung SGH-V100 Samsung SGH-V205 / V200 / V206 Samsung SGH-X105 Samsung SGH-X400 Samsung SGH-X426 / SGH-X427 Samsung SGH-X450 Samsung SGH-X475 Samsung SGH-X480 Samsung SGH-X495 Samsung SGH-X496 Samsung SGH-X497 Samsung SGH-X506 Samsung SGH-X507 Samsung SGH-X640 Grey Samsung SGH-X660 Samsung SGH-X820 Samsung SGH-X830 Black Samsung SGH-ZX10 Samsung SGH-ZX20 Samsung Showcase Samsung Sidekick 4G Samsung Slash Samsung SLM-SGH-A747 Blue Samsung Smiley Samsung Smooth Samsung Socializer B3310 Pink Samsung Solstice Samsung Solstice II Samsung SP-i600 Samsung SPH-A250 Samsung SPH-A400 Samsung SPH-A420 Samsung SPH-A460 Samsung SPH-A500 Samsung SPH-A520 Samsung SPH-A540 Samsung SPH-A560 Samsung SPH-A580 Samsung SPH-A600 Samsung SPH-A620 / VGA1000 Samsung SPH-A640 Samsung SPH-A660 / VI660 Samsung SPH-A680 / VM-A680 Samsung SPH-A740 Samsung SPH-A760 Samsung SPH-A820 Samsung SPH-A860 Samsung SPH-A960 Samsung SPH-I300 Samsung SPH-i325-Ace Samsung SPH-I330 Samsung SPH-I500 Samsung SPH-I550 Samsung SPH-I700 Samsung SPH-M300 Silver Samsung SPH-M500 Red Samsung SPH-M610 Samsung SPH-N200 Samsung SPH-N240 Samsung SPH-N270 Matrix Samsung SPH-N290 Samsung SPH-N400 Samsung SPH-P9000 Samsung SPH-S100 Samsung SPH-Z400 Samsung SPH/SCH-N300 Samsung Stratosphere Samsung Stratosphere II Black Samsung Stride R335 Samsung Strike T459 Lime Samsung Stripe T329 Samsung Stripe-SGH-T329 Black Samsung Strive Samsung Stunt Samsung Suede Samsung Sunburst Samsung Sway Samsung SYNC-SGH-A707 Samsung T105G Black Samsung T109 Samsung T119 Samsung T139 Samsung T159 Samsung T201G Samsung T209 Samsung T219 Samsung T245G Gray Samsung T309 Samsung T319 Samsung T339 Samsung T369 Samsung T401G Samsung T404G Samsung T439 Samsung T509 Samsung T519 Trace Samsung T528G Samsung T609 Samsung T619 Samsung T629 Samsung T719 Samsung T809 Samsung Tocco T919 Samsung Trance Samsung Transfix SCH-R730 Samsung Transform Samsung Transform Ultra Samsung Trender Samsung Trill SCH-r520 Samsung Trinity Samsung U370 Black Samsung U430 Samsung Ultra Touch S8300 Samsung Upstage M620 Samsung UpStage-M620 Samsung VI660 Samsung Vibrant Samsung Vitality Samsung Wafer-R510 Samsung Wave S8500 Samsung X495 Samsung Z500 Samsung Z510 Samsung Z540 Samsung Z700 Samsung Zeal Sanyo 7050 Sanyo 8400 Sanyo Incognito Sanyo Innuendo Sanyo Innuendo by Kyocera Sanyo Juno SCP2700 Deep Blue Sanyo Katana Sanyo Katana Blue Sanyo Katana DLX Sanyo Katana Eclipse Sanyo Katana Eclipse X Sanyo Katana II Sanyo Katana LX Sanyo Katana-DLX Champagne Sanyo Katana-II Cosmic Black Sanyo M1 Sanyo M1 Sanyo Mirro SCP3810 Sanyo MM-5600 Sanyo MM-7500 Sanyo MM-8300 Sanyo MM-8300 Red Sanyo MM-9000 Sanyo MM7400 Sanyo MVP Sanyo PM8200 / SCP-8200 Sanyo PRO-200 Sanyo RL-4930 Sanyo RL4920 Sanyo S1 Sanyo SCP-200 Pink Sanyo SCP-2400 Sanyo SCP-2400 Misty Rose Sanyo SCP-2700 Sanyo SCP-3100 Sanyo SCP-3100 Pure Silver Sanyo SCP-3200 Sanyo SCP-3200 Black Sanyo SCP-3810 Sanyo SCP-4700 Sanyo SCP-4900 Sanyo SCP-5150 Sanyo SCP-5300 Sanyo SCP-5400 / RL2500 Sanyo SCP-5500 / VM4500 Sanyo SCP-6000 Sanyo SCP-6200 Sanyo SCP-6400 Sanyo SCP-7000 Black Sanyo SCP-7050 Sanyo SCP-7200 / RL2000 Sanyo SCP-7300 / RL7300 Sanyo SCP-8100 Sanyo SCP-8400 Midnight Black Sanyo Taho by Kyocera Sanyo Vero by Kyocera Sanyo VI-2300 Pink Sanyo Zio Saygus V2 Sendo M551 Sendo S-251 Sendo X Sendo Z100 Sharp 903 Sharp Aquos Crystal Sharp Aquos Crystal White Sharp FX Sharp FX PLUS Sharp GX-10 / GX-10I Sharp GX-15 / GZ100 Sharp GX-20 / GX-22 Sharp GX-25 Sharp GX-30 / GX-32 Sharp Sidekick 3 Sharp Sidekick-LX Blue Sharp T-Mobile Sidekick - Tony Hawk Edition Sharp TM-100 Sharp TM-150 Sharp TM-200 Sharp Z-800-Audiovox-7900 Siemens A56 / A56I Siemens A60 Siemens A65 Siemens C56 Siemens C60 Siemens C61 Siemens C62 Siemens CF62T Siemens CF63 / CF62/CF62t Siemens CT56 Siemens CT66 / C66 / C65 Siemens CX66 / CX65 Siemens M46 Siemens M55 Siemens M56 Siemens M65 Siemens MC60 Siemens S40 Siemens S46 Siemens S55 Siemens S56 Siemens S66 Siemens SK65 Siemens SL55 Siemens SL56 Siemens SL65 Siemens SX1 Siemens SX56 Siemens SX66 Siemens U10 Siemens U15 Sierra 598 USB Modem Sierra USB Lightning 305 Sierra Wireless 250U Aircard Silver Sierra Wireless 4G LTE Tri-Fi Hotspot Sierra Wireless AC595 PC Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595 PC/Mac Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595 PCMCIA Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595U Sierra Wireless AC595U USB PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597 ExpressCard PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597E-PC-Card Sierra Wireless Air-Card-875 Sierra Wireless AirCard 402 Sierra Wireless Aircard-860 Sierra Wireless Aircard-875u Sierra Wireless AirCard-881 Sierra Wireless Mercury USB Modem Sierra Wireless Overdrive Pro Sierra Wireless Overdrive Pro Mobile Hotspot Sierra Wireless U597 Aircard Sierra Wireless Unite Sierra Wireless USBConnect Shockwave Sierra Wireless USBConnect-881 Sierra Wireless VOQ-A11 SKY 4.0 Sky 5.0L Sonim XP STRIKE Sonim XP5 Sonim XP6 Sony C1904 Xperia M Sony Ericsson C510 Silver Sony Ericsson C702a Sony Ericsson C901 Noble Black Sony Ericsson C902 Red Sony Ericsson C903 Red Sony Ericsson C905 Sony Ericsson D750 Sony Ericsson Equinox Sony Ericsson G700 Business Edition Sony Ericsson GC79 Sony Ericsson GC79 Cellular and WiFi PC Card Sony Ericsson GC82 Sony Ericsson GC83 Sony Ericsson GC89 Sony Ericsson GC89 PCMCIA PC Cell WiFi Card Sony Ericsson GC99 Sony Ericsson Idou Sony Ericsson J220 Sony Ericsson J300a Sony Ericsson K500 Sony Ericsson K510a Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson K600i Sony Ericsson K660i Red Sony Ericsson K700I Sony Ericsson K750i Sony Ericsson K770 Truffle Brown Sony Ericsson K790 Sony Ericsson K790a Sony Ericsson K800-Euro Sony Ericsson K850i Sony Ericsson M600i Sony Ericsson Mix Walkman Sony Ericsson P800 Sony Ericsson P900 Sony Ericsson P910 Sony Ericsson P990i Sony Ericsson R300 Antique Copper Sony Ericsson R306a Sony Ericsson S312 Dawn Blue Sony Ericsson S500 Sony Ericsson S700I Sony Ericsson S710A Sony Ericsson T106 Sony Ericsson T200 Sony Ericsson T206 Sony Ericsson T226 Sony Ericsson T237 Sony Ericsson T280a Sony Ericsson T290 Sony Ericsson T300 Sony Ericsson T306 Sony Ericsson T310 Sony Ericsson T316 Sony Ericsson T600 Sony Ericsson T606 Sony Ericsson T608 Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson T616 Sony Ericsson T61C Sony Ericsson T61D / T61LX Sony Ericsson T61Z Sony Ericsson T62U Sony Ericsson T630 Sony Ericsson T637 Sony Ericsson T68I Sony Ericsson T700 Sony Ericsson T707 Mysterious Black Sony Ericsson TM506 Sony Ericsson txt pro Sony Ericsson V800 Sony Ericsson W200 Sony Ericsson W300i Sony Ericsson W302 White Sony Ericsson W380a electric purple Sony Ericsson W395 Blush Titanium Sony Ericsson W508 Sony Ericsson W580i White Sony Ericsson W595 Sony Ericsson W600i Sony Ericsson W610 Sony Ericsson W705 Sony Ericsson W710i Sony Ericsson W715 Sony Ericsson W760 Black Sony Ericsson W800i Sony Ericsson W810 Sony Ericsson W850 Sony Ericsson w850i Sony Ericsson W890i Black Sony Ericsson W900i White Sony Ericsson W902 Sony Ericsson W910 Black Sony Ericsson W950 Sony Ericsson W980 Sony Ericsson W995 Progressive Black Sony Ericsson Xperia Arc Misty Silver Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Sony Ericsson Xperia X10 Mini Sony Ericsson Xperia X10 Mini Pro Sony Ericsson Xperia X2 Sony Ericsson XPERIA-X1 Sony Ericsson Z200 Sony Ericsson Z300a Sony Ericsson Z310a Jet Black Sony Ericsson Z500 / Z500a Sony Ericsson Z520a Sony Ericsson Z525a Sony Ericsson Z550a Sterling Sony Ericsson Z555a Black Sony Ericsson Z600 Sony Ericsson Z610 Airy Blue Sony Ericsson Z780 Sony Ericsson Z780 Grand Onyx Sony SmartWatch 3 Sony Xperia acro S Black Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia L Red Sony Xperia M Yellow Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia P Sony Xperia PLAY 4G Sony Xperia S Sony Xperia SP Sony Xperia SP White Sony Xperia T3 LTE Sony Xperia Tablet Z Sony Xperia tipo dual Classic Black Sony Xperia tipo Serene Black Sony Xperia TL Sony Xperia U Sony Xperia X Sony Xperia X Performance Sony Xperia X10 Sony Xperia XA Sony Xperia XA Ultra Sony Xperia XT Sony Xperia XZ Sony Xperia Z Sony Xperia Z Ultra Sony Xperia Z1 Sony Xperia Z1 Compact Sony Xperia Z1S Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z2 tablet Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z3v White Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Sony Z Ultra Google Play edition SpareOne Emergency Phone Spectrum 2 by LG Spectrum by LG Sprint 3G/4G Plug-in Connect USB Sprint Flash Sprint Force Sprint LivePro Sprint Phone Connect 2 Sprint Plug-in-Connect Trimode Sprint Pocket WiFi Sprint PPC 6700 Sprint Vital Sprint WeGo T-Mobile 4G LTE HotSpot Z915 T-Mobile 4G Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile 665 T-Mobile 665 Navy Blue T-Mobile 768 T-Mobile Comet T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord II T-Mobile Dash T-Mobile G-Slate with Google T-Mobile G2 T-Mobile G2x T-Mobile Jet 2.0 4G Stick T-Mobile MDA T-Mobile myTouch T-Mobile myTouch 4G T-Mobile myTouch 4G Slide T-Mobile myTouch Q T-Mobile Prism T-Mobile Prism II T-Mobile Rocket 3.0 4G Laptop T-Mobile SDA T-Mobile Sidekick 3 T-Mobile Sidekick iD T-Mobile Sidekick II T-Mobile Sonic 2.0 Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile Sonic 4G T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Wing Telson TDC-8100 Toshiba CDM-9950 / VM4050 Toshiba Excite 10 LE Toshiba Excite Pro Toshiba Excite Pure Toshiba Excite Write Toshiba TG01 Toshiba Thrive 16GB Toshiba VM-4050 Turing Phone UNIMAX MAXBravo UNIMAX MAXPatriot Unimax MXE-675 Unimax U671C Black UT Starcom PC-5740 UTStarcom 5740-PC-Card UTStarcom Arc-CDM-8074 UTStarcom Blitz UTStarcom Casio-G'zOne-Type-S UTStarcom CDM-220 UTStarcom CDM-7025 UTStarcom CDM-7026 UTStarcom CDM-7075 UTStarcom CDM-7126 UTStarcom CDM-8945 UTStarcom Coupe UTStarcom G'zOne UTStarcom Knick UTStarcom PC5750 PCMCIA PC Broadband Card UTStarcom PC5750-PC-Card UTStarcom PCS-1450 / CDM-1450 UTStarcom Quickfire Gray UTStarcom Shuttle UTStarcom Slice-PCS-1400 UTStarcom UM150-USB-Modem UTStarcom UM175 USB Velocity Micro Cruz 10 inch 4GB Black Velocity Micro Cruz 7 inch 4GB Black Velocity Micro Cruz T510 10 inch Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice Verizon 4G LTE MiFi 4510L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem UML295 Verizon Adamant Verizon Ellipsis 8 Verizon Ellipsis Jetpack MHS800L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi MHS291L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot Verizon Jetpack MiFi 6620L Verizon Wireless 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon Wireless Ellipsis Black 7 Inch Verizon Wireless Fivespot Global Ready 3G Mobile Hotspot Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect Verizon Wireless Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MiFi 5510L Verizon Wireless Turbine 7.0 Verizon Wireless USB551L Virgin Mobile Awe Visual Land Prestige 7Q Black Vizio VIA Phone Vizio VIA Tablet VK Mobile Kickflip vtech A700 Wikipad 7 inch tablet Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Xiaomi Mi 3 Xiaomi Mi 4i Xiaomi Redmi 2 Xperia ion by Sony YotaPhone 2 Zenum International Mobile Hotspot ZTE 4G LTE Router with Voice ZTE Agent ZTE Allstar ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Aspect ZTE AT&T Home Phone Connect ZTE Atrium ZTE Avail ZTE Avail 2 ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Avid Plus ZTE Avid Trio ZTE AWE ZTE Axon 7 ZTE Axon Pro ZTE Boost Max+ ZTE C78 ZTE C79 ZTE Chorus ZTE Citrine ZTE Compel ZTE Compel Black ZTE Concord II ZTE Cymbal-T ZTE Director ZTE Engage ZTE Engage LT ZTE Flash ZTE Force ZTE Fury ZTE Grand S ZTE Grand S II ZTE Grand S Pro ZTE Grand S3 ZTE Grand X 3 ZTE Grand X Max+ ZTE Groove Black ZTE Illustra ZTE Imperial ZTE Jetpack ZTE Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot EuFi890 ZTE Lever ZTE LivePro ZTE Majesty ZTE Maven ZTE Maven 2 ZTE Max Duo ZTE Memo ZTE Merit ZTE Midnight ZTE MSGM8 II ZTE Mustang ZTE Mustang ZTE Nubia 5S Mini ZTE Nubia Z11 ZTE Nubia Z5 ZTE Obsidian ZTE Optik ZTE Optik ZTE Overture ZTE Overture 2 ZTE Paragon ZTE Prelude ZTE Prestige ZTE Quartz ZTE Rapido LTE ZTE Reef ZTE Salute ZTE Savvy ZTE Scend ZTE Score ZTE Score M ZTE Solar ZTE Sonata 4G White ZTE Source Black ZTE Speed ZTE Stratos ZTE Supreme ZTE Supreme ZTE Tempo ZTE Unico LTE ZTE Unite ZTE Valet ZTE Velocity ZTE Vital ZTE Warp ZTE Warp 7 ZTE Warp Elite ZTE Warp Sequent ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Whirl ZTE Whirl 2 ZTE Whirl 2 Black ZTE Z221 Black ZTE Z222 ZTE Z331 Black ZTE Z431 Black ZTE Z432 ZTE Z432 Black ZTE Z667 ZTE Z768 Midnight Blue ZTE Z990 ZTE Z992 Black ZTE Zephyr ZTE Zinger ZTE ZMAX ZTE ZMAX 2 ZTE ZMax Pro ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-day cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-minute cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid pay-per-month 200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid pay-per-month 400 cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-month 700 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Family Choice Plan cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1600 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 2200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 4500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 6500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 700 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless My Circle Family Choice Plus 1000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless My Circle Family Choice Plus 2000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless MyCircle Family Choice Premier 2200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless MyCircle Smart Choice 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 1400 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 2100 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 4000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 6000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 750 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 900 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom Unlimited cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 1200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 2000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 5500 cell phone plan details amp'd $100 National 3000 cell phone plan details amp'd $150 National Unlimited cell phone plan details amp'd $30 National 500 cell phone plan details amp'd $70 National 1500 cell phone plan details amp'd End The Boredom cell phone plan details amp'd Unlimited Forever Overdose cell phone plan details amp'd Unlimited Forever Overload cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 200 MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 250MB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 250MB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB for Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G LTE cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for 3GB for Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 250MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 3GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 250MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 3GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for BlackBerry cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for BlackBerry for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for iPhone 4S cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for iPhone cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for Smartphones 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for Smartphones cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for BlackBerry cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for BlackBerry for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for iPhone 4S cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for iPhone cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for Smartphones 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for Smartphones cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for BlackBerry for 4G Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for BlackBerry Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for iPhone 4S Personal Hotspot cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for iPhone Personal Hotspot cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for Smartphones 4G Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for Smartphones Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $2 Daily Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $25 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $35 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $45 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone 10¢ per Minute cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 250MB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 3GB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 5GB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone Smartphone $2 day Unlimited Talk and Text cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone Smartphone 10¢ per minute cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share 10GB AT&T Mobile Share 15GB AT&T Mobile Share 2GB AT&T Mobile Share 300MB AT&T Mobile Share 50GB AT&T Mobile Share 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (10GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (15GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (1GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (20GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (2GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (300MB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (30GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (40GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (4GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (50GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (6GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 100GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 16GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 80GB AT&T Mobile Share Data 20GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Data 40GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Data 4GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Basic or Messaging 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Basic or Messaging 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Broadband cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone No annual service contract 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone No annual service contract 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone Two-year agreement 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone Two-year agreement 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Tablet cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Wireless Home Phone cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share with Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share with Unlimited Talk & Text 8GB cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 1350 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 2000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 4000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 450 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 450 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 6000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 900 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 900 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 1400 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 2100 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 3000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 4000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 6000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 700 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family Talk Additional Line $49.99 cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family Talk Additional Line $9.99 cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 1400 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 2100 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 550 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 700 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 1400 - NWCFT1400 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 2100 - NWCFT2100 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 3000 - NWCFT3000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 4000 - NWCFT4000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 6000 - NWCFT6000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 700 - NWCFT700 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Senior Nation 200 cell phone plan details AT&T Unlimited Data with DIRECTV AT&T Unlimited Home Phone Calling cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 1350 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 1400 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 2000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 2100 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 3000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 4000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 4000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 450 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 6000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 6000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 700 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 900 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico Additional Line cell phone plan details | PhoneDog BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 250MB BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 5GB Boost Mobile $35 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $45 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $50 Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $55 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $55 Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile BlackBerry Daily Unlimited $3 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile BlackBerry Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Daily Unlimited $2 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Daily Unlimited $3 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Data Boost Boost Mobile Family Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Plan with Shrinking Payments Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Select Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited with Growing Data Boost Mobile Pay As You Go Phone 20¢ per minute cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Unlimited Starter Boost Mobile Unlimited Unhook'd Cellular One Local 3000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1500 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1600 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 2200 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 4000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 500 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 6000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 9000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National Workday cell phone plan details Cellular One Regional 2600 cell phone plan details Cellular One Statewide 400 cell phone plan details Cellular One Stop Counting Minutes - National Anytime cell phone plan details Cellular One Stop Counting Minutes - Statewide cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 1400 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 1800 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 400 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 800 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 1000 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 1500 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 600 cell phone plan details CREDO Mobile 10GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 15GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 1GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 2GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 3GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 4GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 6GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 8GB Shared Data Plan Cricket $25 Talk & Text cell phone plan details Cricket $40 Basic Plan or $35 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Cricket $50 Smart plan or $45 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Cricket $60 Pro plan or $55 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Alpha $30 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Battalion $160 4 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Bravo $35 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Brigade $240 6 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Charlie $45 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Delta $60 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Platoon $145 3 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Regiment $195 5 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Squad $110 2 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Xray $80 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Yankee $100 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Zulu $110 monthly cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1200 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 10000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 1100 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 1500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 2000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 3000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 3500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 6000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 1000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 1250 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 600 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 1300 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 2000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 3000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 450 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 750 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 900 cell phone plan details Einstein Basic cell phone plan details Einstein Extreme cell phone plan details Einstein Plus cell phone plan details Einstein Value cell phone plan details Einstein Wisconsin 1000 cell phone plan details Einstein Wisconsin 500 cell phone plan details FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 500MB GIV Mobile The 20 Plan GIV Mobile The 25 Plan GIV Mobile The 30 Plan GIV Mobile The 40 Plan GIV Mobile The 60 Plan Liberty Wireless 10 Cents A Minute Flat Rate cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Anytime 2000 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Anytime 800 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless My TopTwo Anytime 800 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless My TopTwo Unlimited N&W 350 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 200 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 350 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 650 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless True Liberty cell phone plan details MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Data, Talk and Text cell phone plan details MetroPCS $45 Unlimited cell phone plan details MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Data, Talk and Text cell phone plan details MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $40 plan cell phone plan details MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $50 plan cell phone plan details MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $60 plan cell phone plan details Net10 $35 Unlimited Talk and Text cell phone plan details Net10 $40 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $60 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $65 Unlimited International Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $75 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 1000 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 200 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 500 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Four People cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Three People cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Two People cell phone plan details Net10 Unlimited International Talk, Text, Data 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Family (2+ Lines) Net10 Wireless Home Phone Unlimited Nationwide calling cell phone plan details Net10 Wireless Home Phone Unlimited Nationwide plus International calling cell phone plan details NTelos $39.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $49.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $59.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $69.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $99.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $29.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $39.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $49.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $59.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $79.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $99.99 cell phone plan details NTelos NTELOS HomeFree Region - $55.99 cell phone plan details NTelos NTELOS HomeFree Region - $75.99 cell phone plan details Opex Wireless Nationwide 100 cell phone plan details Opex Wireless On-The-Fly cell phone plan details Pix Wireless $10 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $10 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $12 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $12 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $15 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $15 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $20 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $20 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $20 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $20 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $25 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $25 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $30 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $30 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $30 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $30 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $35 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $40 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $40 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $50 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $50 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $50 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $55 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $65 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $75 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $75 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $9 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $9 GSM Weekly Qwest Wireless Cross Country 1000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 1500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 200 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 2000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 2500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 3000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 750 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 1000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 1500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 200 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 2000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 2500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 3000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 750 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Unlimited cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $55 Mexico Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $55 Smartphone Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $65 Global Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Feature Plan $25 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Feature Plan $35 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Muve Music Plan $50 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Muve Music Plan $60 cell phone plan details Republic Refund Plan with 0.5 GB Republic Refund Plan with 1 GB Republic Refund Plan with 2 GB Republic Refund Plan with 3 GB Republic Refund Plan with 4 GB Republic Refund Plan with 5 GB Republic Wireless $10 Plan Republic Wireless $25 Plan Republic Wireless $40 Plan Republic Wireless $5 Plan (WiFi Only) Republic Wireless Base Plan Republic Wireless Clear Choice Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 10GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 4GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 6GB Data ROK Mobile Ultimate Unlimited Scratch Wireless Free Plan Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $1.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $14.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $6.99 Voice Pass Solavei Prepaid Unlimited SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $10 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $100 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $25 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $5 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $50 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $15 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $18 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $5 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $80 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $9 Sprint 100MB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 12GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 1GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Broadband Connection 12GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Broadband Connection 6GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Hotspot Connection 3GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 6GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint All-In Wireless Smartphone + Unlimited Sprint Basic Plan cell phone plan details Sprint Better Choice L Sprint Better Choice M Sprint Better Choice S Sprint Better Choice XL Sprint Better Choice XS Sprint Better Choice XXL Sprint Family Share Pack 10GB Sprint Family Share Pack 12GB Sprint Family Share Pack 16GB Sprint Family Share Pack 1GB Sprint Family Share Pack 20GB Sprint Family Share Pack 2GB Sprint Family Share Pack 32GB Sprint Family Share Pack 40GB Sprint Family Share Pack 4GB Sprint Family Share Pack 60GB Sprint Family Share Pack 8GB Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $15 per non-discounted phone 20BB-60GB options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $25 per non-discounted phone 600MB-16GB options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $40 per discounted phone all data options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Mobile Broadband $20 per non-discounted all data options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Tablet $10 per non-discounted all data options cell phone plan details Sprint My All-in cell phone plan details Sprint Phone Connect cell phone plan details Sprint Premium Data add-on cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $35 unlimited talk & text with 1GB data cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $45 unlimited talk & text with 3GB data cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $55 unlimited talk & text with 6GB data cell phone plan details Sprint Prepaid $60 Unlimited Talk, Text & Data Sprint Prepaid Unlimited Data, Talk & Text Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Sprint Unlimited Freedom Sprint Unlimited Freedom Premium Sprint Unlimited My Way cell phone plan details Sprint Unlimited My Way Family cell phone plan details Sprint Unlimited Single Line Sprint Unlimited Talk, Text & High Speed Data Straight Talk All You Need Straight Talk Unlimited Straight Talk Unlimited Plus International SunCom now T-Mobile America 1200 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 1800 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 2300 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 300 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 800 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America Unlimited cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 1250 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 2500 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 500 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional UnPlan cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile SunCom NEW cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile UnPlan Tri-Cities 2000 cell phone plan details SureWest Local Value - 2yr. - $29.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited - 2yr. - $33.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited California - 1yr. - $45.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited California - 2yr. - $39.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited USA - 1yr. - $49.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited USA - 2yr. - $44.00 cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice 2.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice Unlimited cell phone plan details T-Mobile Old Family plan cell phone plan details T-Mobile ONE T-Mobile ONE Plus T-Mobile ONE Plus International T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 10.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 12GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 2.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 4.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 6.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 8.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Pay As You Go T-Mobile PrePaid 1000 Whenever minutes $100 cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid 1500 Talk & Text (with 30MB of data) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Talk, Text and High Speed Internet (first 5GB at up to 4G speeds) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Talk, Text and Web (first 100 MB up to 4G speeds) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Text and 10¢/minute cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Text and 10¢/minute cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice T-Mobile Simple Choice 1GB 4G LTE Data plan cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 2.5GB Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 500MB Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice No Credit Check T-Mobile Simple Choice Prepaid T-Mobile Simple Choice Unlimited Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan T-Mobile Simply Prepaid T-Mobile Unlimited Family T-Mobile Unlimited Family T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text Telcel America 30 Days Basic International $29 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Plus Plan Unlimited $60 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Unlimited International Service $40 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Unlimited International Service $50 cell phone plan details Telcel America 7 Days Unlimited Plus Plan $20 cell phone plan details Tello $10 Pay As You Go Tello $10 Talk & Text Tello $10 Talk Only Tello $10 Talk-Text-Data Tello $11 Data Only Tello $12 Talk-Text-Data Tello $13 Talk-Text-Data Tello $14 Talk-Text-Data Tello $16 Talk-Text-500MB Tello $16 Talk-Text-Data Tello $17 Talk-Text-Data Tello $18 Talk-Text-1GB Tello $18 Talk-Text-Data Tello $19 Talk-Text-Data Tello $20 Pay As You Go Tello $20 Talk-Text-Data Tello $21 Data Only Tello $21 Talk-Text-1GB Tello $21 Talk-Text-Data Tello $24 Talk-Text-Data Tello $27 Talk-Text-Data Tello $45 Data Only Tello $5 Pay As You Go Tello $5 Talk & Text Tello $5 Talk Only Tello $50 Pay As You Go Tello $6 Talk & Text Tello $7 Talk Only Tello $8 Talk & Text Tello $9 Talk-Text-Data Tello Unlimited Talk & Text Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 200MB Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB Tello Unlimited Talk Only TextNow Wireless Grande Plan TextNow Wireless Quattro Plan TextNow Wireless Tall Plan TextNow Wireless Venti Plan The Verizon Plan - 100GB The Verizon Plan - 12GB The Verizon Plan - 20GB The Verizon Plan - 25GB The Verizon Plan - 30GB The Verizon Plan - 40GB The Verizon Plan - 50GB The Verizon Plan - 60GB The Verizon Plan - 80GB The Verizon Plan - L The Verizon Plan - M The Verizon Plan - S The Verizon Plan - XL The Verizon Plan - XXL Ting L Plan Ting M Plan Ting S Plan Ting XL Plan TPO Goodness to Go Big TPO Goodness to Go Low TPO Goodness to Go Mega TPO Goodness to Go More TPO Goodness to Go Plus TPO Goodness to Go Pro TPO Infinity TPO Unlimited Goodness Caring TPO Unlimited Goodness Global TPO Unlimited Goodness Gracious TPO Unlimited Goodness Hero TPO Unlimited Goodness Kind TPO Unlimited Goodness Noble TPO Unlimited Goodness North America TPO Unlimited Goodness People's TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 30 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 40 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 50 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 65 Tracfone $19.99 plan - 60 units cell phone plan details Tracfone $29.99 plan - 120 units cell phone plan details TracFone 120 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 125 Value Plan cell phone plan details TracFone 200 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 200 Value Plan cell phone plan details TracFone 450 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 50 Family Value Plan cell phone plan details Tracfone 50 Value Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 10GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 10GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 12GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 12GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 14GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 14GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 16GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 16GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 18GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 18GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 1GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 1GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 20GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 20GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 2GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 2GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 300MB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 300MB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 30GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 30GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 3GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 40GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 40GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 4GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 4GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 50GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 50GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 6GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 6GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 75GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 8GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 8GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Family Talk & Text Additional Line cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Family Talk 1000 & Unlimited Text Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect 2GB Data, Unlimited Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect 500MB Data, Unlimited Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect Unlimited Data for Basic Phones cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Talk Only Pay-As-You-Go-Minutes cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Unlimited Data, Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Basic Phone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Home Phone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Mobile Hotspot cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Smartphone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Tablet cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Vehicle Monitoring cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Wireless Modem cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Talk 450 & Unlimited Text Plan cell phone plan details US Mobile 100 Mins Talk US Mobile 1500 Mins Talk US Mobile 250 Mins Talk US Mobile 5000 Mins Talk US Mobile 750 Mins Talk Verizon 100GB More Everything Verizon 10GB More Everything Verizon 14GB More Everything Verizon 15GB More Everything Verizon 16GB More Everything Verizon 20GB More Everything Verizon 2GB More Everything Verizon 30GB More Everything Verizon 40GB More Everything Verizon 4GB More Everything Verizon 500MB More Everything Verizon 50GB More Everything Verizon 60GB More Everything Verizon 80GB More Everything Verizon 8GB More Everything Verizon Prepaid Smartphone Plan Verizon Wireless $60 Single Line Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 150 MB Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 150 MB Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 25 MB Data & Web with Mobile Email cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Basic 700 Minutes cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Basic cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Broadband cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Camera cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line plus Canada Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Smartphone cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Tablets cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk and Text Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk and Text Unlimited Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk Unlimited Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Data Only 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Data Only 8GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband 10 GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband 5 GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 5GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 5GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Basic 700 Minutes cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Basic Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Tablet Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything USB Modem or Jetpack Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide 65 Plus cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide 65 Plus Two-Line SharePlan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Messaging Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 1350 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 4000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 450 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 3000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 4000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Premium Family SharePlan 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text 450 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Unlimited Push-To-Talk cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $0.00 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $0.99 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $1.99 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $15 for 250 MB of data weekly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $35 ALLSET Plan (Basic Phones) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $45 ALLSET Plan (Basic Phones) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $60 for 3 GB of data monthly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $60 Monthly Unlimited Talk, Text, and 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $70 Monthly Unlimited Talk, Text, and 4GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $90 for 10 GB of data monthly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly 450 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly 900 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text 450 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text 900 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text Unlimited (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Unlimited (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid Verizon Prepaid cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid Verizon PrePaid cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Smartphone Single Line Plan Verizon Wireless Smartphone Unlimited Corporate Email & Web cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Corporate Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Corporate Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Data & Web with Mobile Email cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk BlackBerry $50 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk for BlackBerry $35 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk for BlackBerry $70 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go $25 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go $55 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go 100 MB for 10 days cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Data Love Virgin Mobile payLo 1500 Talk & Text Virgin Mobile payLo 400 Minutes Virgin Mobile payLo Basic Rate cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile payLo Unlimited Talk & Text Virgin Mobile Unlimited + International + Extra Virgin Mobile Unlimited + More Data Virgin Mobile Unlimited Data & Text Plus 300 minutes cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited Data, Talk, & Text cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything + International Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything plus International cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited plus International plus Extra cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Virgin mobile #5 cell phone plan details Number of Lines: - Any - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Minutes 500 Messages Data Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below. - Any -05KB50MB30MB100MB125MB150MB200MB250MB300MB375MB400MB500MB600MB625MB700MB800MB900MB938MB1GB1.5GB2GB2.5GB3GB4GB5GB6GB7GB8GB10GB12GB14GB15GB16GB18GB20GB24GB25GB30GB32GB35GB40GB50GB60GB80GB100GB120GBUnlimited - Plans Featured Cell Phone Deals January 2017 Digest Christine Torralba 1 day 8 hours ago 12 shares 12 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 Best Smartphones of 2016: Moto Z Marco Hanna 2 days 2 hours ago 1 shares 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 0 0 Best Smartphones of 2016: OnePlus 3T Marco Hanna 2 days 21 hours ago 1 shares 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 Best Smartphones of 2016: Google Pixel XL Marco Hanna 3 days 20 hours ago 6 shares 1 1 0 0 0 0 1 2 1 More Featured Articles Official Smartphone Rankings People's Choice Expert's Choice HTC 10 5 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Samsung Galaxy S7 edge 4 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Google Pixel 3 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Samsung Galaxy Note 5 3 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Apple iPhone 7 2 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × More People's Choice Latest Videos LG G5 Review: Two Months Later 13 shares 2 3 0 1 0 0 4 1 2 Battle of the Flagships: Design 27 shares 18 7 0 0 0 0 1 0 1 HTC 10 Challenge: The Best Built Smartphone? 18 shares 6 2 0 7 0 0 1 0 2 More Videos This Week's "People's Choice Rankings" Best Smartphone   HTC 10 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Google Pixel Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Apple iPhone 7 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Recent news from our top carriers: AT&T News DirecTV Now introductory offer of AT&T Call Protect will help AT&T launches buy one, get one T-Mobile will give AT&T Do you carry multiple phones? FCC sends letters to AT&T and Did you switch carriers on Black Sprint News Cell Phone Deals January 2017 Sprint LG V20 sale cuts price in Sprint offering up to $325 in bill Samsung Galaxy J3 Emerge leaks out Sprint announces HPUE network Sprint promo offering unlimited T-Mobile will release update to T-Mobile News T-Mobile Galaxy Note 7 begins T-Mobile now offering Samsung T-Mobile splits One Plus plan into T-Mobile Un-carrier Next event T-Mobile will give AT&T T-Mobile will release update to Do you carry multiple phones? Verizon Wireless Verizon now says it will release Verizon once again offering free Verizon won't release update Motorola DROID Turbo owners Google now offering Android 7.1.1 FCC sends letters to AT&T and Verizon GizmoTab is a kid-friendly PHONEDOG PhoneDog Media is home to PhoneDog, Android & Me, TmoNews, and TodaysiPhone. The network receives 2.5 million unique visitors and 10 million pageviews each month, along with a combined three million video views on YouTube. While the name is jovial, the PhoneDog Media network offers up a wealth of written and video content to help readers make important decisions about mobile technology. Established in 2001, PhoneDog Media is a privately owned and operated company. PHONEDOG MEDIA FAMILY Phonedog - Cell Phone News TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog AndroidAndMe - Everything Android TodaysiPhone - iPhone News & Rumors Company Home Privacy Policy Term of Use Contact About Us Sitemap In-Depth Reviews Phone vs Phone Video Unboxings Apps & Games New Phones Phone Finder Compare Plans Phone Specials Long Distance © 2001-2017 PhoneDog, LLC. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved.
Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News by eluta.ca Search Jobs at eluta.ca Jobs Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate Portfolio Watchlist Markets Inside the Market Funds & ETFs Investment Ideas Personal Finance Retirement Market Updates Home» Globe Investor» Inside the Market» Market Updates Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) on Dec. 16. (© Brendan McDermid / Reuters) Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) on Dec. 16. (© Brendan McDermid / Reuters) The close: TSX edges higher as gold miners, telecoms climb Add to ... Reuters Published Monday, Dec. 19, 2016 3:12PM EST Last updated Monday, Dec. 19, 2016 4:33PM EST Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Canada’s main stock index gained for the third straight session on Monday, with gold miners and telecom shares climbing as political tensions rose and bond yields declined. The Toronto Stock Exchange’s S&P/TSX composite index unofficially closed up 17.65 points, or 0.12 per cent, at 15,269.85. Seven of the index’s 10 main groups ended higher. Wall Street extends rally but Germany truck deaths reduce gains Wall Street extended a recent rally on Monday but finished the session short of earlier highs after several people were killed by a truck driven into a Christmas market in Germany. All three major U.S. indexes ended higher but lost some steam after German police said a truck ran into a crowded Christmas market in Berlin, killing nine people and injuring up to 50 others. That rattled U.S. investors already eyeing potential global troubles after the Russian ambassador to Turkey was shot dead in Ankara. “Markets want to be sure whether this is an isolated incident. Will this disrupt economic activity in just this area or will it be a wider area and for how long?,” said John Canally, chief economic strategist for LPL Financial. “That’s the playbook by which markets have come to address these types of issues.” The S&P technology index rose 0.61 per cent, with Microsoft, Intel, Apple and Amazon.com lifting the Nasdaq Composite to within a hair of last Tuesday’s record high close. U.S. stocks have been on a tear since the Nov. 8 presidential election, with the S&P rising nearly 6 per cent on bets that President-elect Donald Trump’s plans for deregulation and infrastructure spending will boost the economy. The Dow Jones industrial average is less than 1 per cent away from 20,000, a level it has never breached. “The Trump rally is still with us. Every time something’s down for two days, people jump on it. People are looking for buying opportunities,” said Jake Dollarhide, chief executive officer of Longbow Asset Management in Tulsa, Oklahoma. However, some investors warn that uncertainty around Trump’s policies and the uncertainty of whether they are approved by Congress pose major risks to current stock prices. The Dow Jones industrial average rose 39.65 points or 0.20 per cent to end at 19,883.06. The S&P 500 ended up 0.20 per cent at 2,262.53 after trading as high as 2,167.47. The Nasdaq Composite added 0.37 per cent to end at 5,457.44. Microsoft rose 2.12 per cent, Amazon.com gained 1.09 per cent, Intel climbed 1.60 per cent and Apple climbed 0.58 per cent. All four provided the biggest boost to the Nasdaq and the S&P 500. United Technologies rose 2.12 per cent, helping lift the Dow, after Credit Suisse upgraded the stock to “outperform” and increased its price target. Walt Disney rose 1.34 per cent after its “Rogue One: A Star Wars Story” movie scored the second-largest December opening in history. Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 1.66-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.34-to-1 ratio favored advancers. The S&P 500 posted 13 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 157 new highs and 38 new lows. About 6.1 billion shares changed hands in U.S. exchanges, well below the 7.5 billion daily average over the last 20 sessions. Report Typo/Error   AMZN-QAmazon.com Inc Latest Price$749.87 -15.28 (-2.00%) MSFT-QMicrosoft Corp Latest Price$62.14 -0.76 (-1.21%) UTX-NUnited Technologies Corp Latest Price$109.62 -0.93 (-0.84%) DIS-NWalt Disney Co Latest Price$104.22 -0.34 (-0.33%) CS-NCredit Suisse Group AG Latest Price$14.31 +0.13 (+0.92%) TSXS&P/TSX Composite Latest Price15,287.59 -134.53 (-0.87%) DJIADow Jones Industrials Latest Price19,762.60 -57.18 (-0.29%) COMPNASDAQ NMS COMPOSITE INDEX Latest Price5,383.12 0.00 (0.00%) SPXS&P 500 INDEX Latest Price2,238.83 -10.43 (-0.46%) Updated December 30 4:00 PM EST. Delayed by at least 15 minutes. More Related to this Story Fed Chair Janet Yellen trumpets education in changing economy ESPN’s losing streak, media megadeals put Disney on hot seat Wall Street’s annual stock forecasts: Bullish, and often wrong Topics United Technologies Corporation Technology The Walt Disney Company S&P Company Donald Trump Microsoft Corporation Credit Suisse Group AG Amazon.com, Inc. Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} In the know facts & arguments Star Wars themes are found in a galaxy not so far away Life Take this nutrition quiz to help you eat better in 2017 News Vancouver artist explores history of early Chinese immigration to B.C. Report on Business Five things that could send economic forecasts off course in 2017 The Globe Recommends {{title}} Most popular videos » Report on Business Is a $700 parka ever worth it? Report on Business What are the best professions for working past age 65? Life Video: Chef Basics: How to bake cinnamon buns from scratch Report on Business When ‘Made in Canada’ works, and when it doesn’t Life Penn State 'Squirrel Girl' has students and animals going nuts News Time-lapse images from space show the human impact on parts of Canada Globe Drive Subaru's rally-inspired STI is a blast despite challenges to the throne Report on Business Companies with small dividends can still yield big returns Report on Business Are mortgage rates set to rise? Three indicators to watch News New Brunswick firefighters rescue moose trapped in icy river Globe Drive We drive Benz' biggest SUV, but it has a major drawback Life Meet the Canadian travel blogger who has visited nearly 100 countries ◀ ● ● ● ▶ Highlights Report on Business Charlottetown students stand out in business case competitions Globe Investor Infrastructure boom will be a bumpy ride for investors More from The Globe and Mail Globe Investor Why 2017 could be a good year for high-yield bond investors Arts Author Stephen Vizinczey on why his current novel, If Only, has been stuck in limbo Most popular Milton, Ont., mother of two among those killed in Istanbul attack Newfoundland man diagnosed with schizophrenia sues over forced injection Canadian dead after New Year’s Eve party in Thailand In 1967, the birth of modern Canada How a little-known patent sparked Canada’s deadly opioid crisis X connect with us Products The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters Globe eBooks A collection of articles by the Globe. View the library Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Art Store Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Restrictions © Thomson Reuters 2012. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Thomson Reuters content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written consent of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is not liable for any errors or delays in Thomson Reuters content, or for any actions taken in reliance on such content. ‘Thomson Reuters’ and the Thomson Reuters logo are trademarks of Thomson Reuters and its affiliated companies. Globe Investor is part of The Globe and Mail's Report on Business Selected data supplied by Thomson Reuters.© Thomson Reuters Limited. Click for Restrictions . Copyright 2017 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 444 Front St. W., Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5V 2S9 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later.
null
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « Fantastic New Apple TV Flyover Screen Saver Videos Debuted Last Night | Main | Apple's Water Resistant iPhone 7 caught the Hot European Trend that accounts for 45% of all Smartphone Sales » December 18, 2016 Rumor: Apple's OLED Anniversary iPhone will have Curved Edges Supplied by Samsung   Last week Patently Apple posted a report titled "The Latest Samsung Galaxy S8 Rumors Point to a Possible 6.2" Display with Dual Edge-Only Designs." The report noted that Samsung would stop making a flat display version of the Galaxy in 2017 in favor of dual edge versions. Their reasoning was that their Samsung Display division would be providing curved edged displays to Huawei and Vivo in 2017 and that LG Display was going to supply Xiaomi with curved edged display for an upcoming smartphone design. The report lastly noted that it was being rumored in Korea that Apple could be following this trend as well to some degree. Today a new report pushes that position.   According to a new Korean tech report today, "The OLED version of the new iPhone will all be curved as Apple ordered all plastic OLED -- not glass -- from Samsung Display. Samsung is capable of supplying a little less than 100 million units of curved OLED displays to Apple."   Plastic OLED has been used for curved panels for devices like the Galaxy S7 Edge, while glass OLED is typically used for flat panels.   To distinguish the new iPhones with curved edges from Samsung's Galaxy line-up, Apple may use displays with new sensing technologies for the sides of the iPhone. This new technology was likely covered in one of Apple's patents noted below.   But make no mistake about it, Apple isn't copying Samsung's design. We wrote about this in a report this summer titled "The Joke of the Week: Apple is going to Copy Samsung's Edge Smartphone Design." Patently Apple knew then and now that there would be misguided Android fans claiming that Apple is copying their beloved Samsung's design when in fact Apple had patents covering curved displays prior to the Samsung Edge coming to market.   To be specific, Apple patents illustrating the use of curved edges with workable virtual controls on the side date back to 2011. Samsung's Galaxy Note with curved edges debuted on September 3, 2014. You could review other Apple patent reports on this here: One, two and three.   The Korea Herald went on to note that "Samsung Display's curved OLED capacity for Apple is estimated at around 70 million to 100 million units. This is less than half of Apple's annual sales of the iPhone series, which stand at around 200 million units a year."   That would suggest that only a single iPhone may be chosen for the curved edges. The other iPhone would be "flat versions using liquid crystal displays from LG Display and JDI."   Although Apple has to initially rely on Samsung exclusively for its OLED panels next year, Apple is expected to gradually reduce reliance on them as it moves to prevent leaks of information to its head-to-head smartphone rival.   According to recent news reports, LG Display -- Apple's longtime LCD supplier -- is currently working with Apple and Google to develop foldable panels for outward-folding smartphones. It reportedly aims to provide the foldable panels to Apple, Google and Microsoft in 2018.   "If Samsung rolls out foldable phones next year, it would have to sell it at a big loss -- even selling just a small volume. A profit-making company is unlikely to make such a decision," said Lee Chang-hee, a professor researching OLED technologies at Seoul National University.   Rumors to date (one and two) have suggested one model of the 2017 iPhone would have curved edges and/or a glass wraparound display like the one found in an Apple patent noted below. Either way, all rumors including the one today make it clear that one of Apple's iPhones will introduce an all new embodiment in 2017.     About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.       Posted by Jack Purcher on December 18, 2016 at 05:57 AM in 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports | Permalink Comments The comments to this entry are closed. Search Recent Posts Note7 Probe Results due this Month While Samsung Admits that Growth will lag in 2017 Due to Tough Competition Apple's Chief Israeli Officer Appointed to Run the Israeli Government's 'Innovation Authority' Apple Partnered with Photographers to Capture New Year's Celebrations from around the World on iPhone 7 Apple's Normal Order Management after Christmas seems to have Falsely Alarmed Seasoned News Sites Foxconn Reaching Full Robotic Production Automation for All-in-One PC's and Advancing to other Products every Year Production of Apple's AirPods goes into High Gear in Multiple Shanghai Plants to Meet Consumer Demand Family Sues Apple for not using a patented iOS Feature Designed to shut Off Certain Apps while Driving In Apple's Wearable Device Universe you'll one day wear a Mini iPhone, iPod or Medical Device on your Wrist Apple Advances the Concept of the Apple Watch's Digital Crown Coming to all iDevices eventually Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports 6. Patently Xtra News 7. Snap News 8. Apple-IBM MobileFirst 9. Apple Events & Financial Related Accessories Apple & Market Statistics Apple - Macs Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple iTunes / Apple Music Apple Pay, iWallet, NFC Related Apple Pencil - Smart Pen Apple Store Apple Watch + Other Wearables AppleTV Related Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible, Foldable Facial Recognition & 3D Related Future Interfaces Green Technology Haptics & Tactile iBeacon News + Inductive, Wireless Charging Liquid Metal Location Related, Indoor Mapping Maps Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Reports Projection Related Security Related Smart Bezels + Social Networking Software + OS Solar Energy Sports Related Travel Related Vehicle Related Videos Videos (Reports with) See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
Menu Search Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS More Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS Got a tip? Let us know. News Channels Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Topics All Galleries All Timelines Video Shows Apps News Crunch Report Disrupt London Gadgets Reviews Interviews TC Features All Shows All Videos Events TechCrunch Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store News About Mobile World Congress CES All Events Crunchbase Trending Tesla Google Facebook News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Message Us Search TechCrunch Search TechCrunch Search Search × Hi! You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you. Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot. Thanks, TC Team 10th Annual Crunchies AwardsDon't Miss The Tech Awards Show Of The Year Get Your Tickets Today Apps Fam lets you do group videochats directly within iMessage The new Microsoft under Satya Nadella is still looking good on Wall Street Duolingo gets social Browse more... Apple Fam lets you do group videochats directly within iMessage iPhone 7 was a top holiday gift, but Apple Watch is fading Fitbit gets another holiday bump and much-needed breathing room Browse more... super mario run Super Mario Run’s buying population is already declining Super Mario Run sees 37 million downloads, $14 million in revenue in first 3 days Crunch Report | Soylent Is Back Browse more... iPhone iPhone 7 was a top holiday gift, but Apple Watch is fading Apple’s bulletproof Wall Street growth story came to a halt this year Super Mario Run lands on the iPhone today Browse more... Pokémon Go Pokémon Go arrives on the Apple Watch Mario arrives as Pokemon Go peaks, with declining downloads, falling revenue Pokémon GO fitness gains were short-lived Browse more... Nintendo learns a multi-billion dollar lesson that Mario is no guarantee for success Posted Dec 19, 2016 by Matthew Lynley (@mattlynley) 0 SHARES Next Story Hyundai’s self-driving system aims at affordability Nintendo has not had a good past few days, despite its original superstar Mario finally hitting the iPhone. The company’s shares have dropped about 15 percent in the past five days, which once again shaves off a rather significant amount of the company’s market cap. On the year, Nintendo’s still up by more than 50 percent, but we can see below that it’s a rather lukewarm reception from Wall Street compared to the rather spectacular spike the company saw after Pokémon GO launched in July (charts from Yahoo Finance). Here’s where it is on the year so far: On day one, Super Mario Run — the company’s first Mario game for the iPhone, which was widely hyped at an Apple event and across the App Store — was download more than 5 million times. But the app, despite hitting the top of the Apple iOS top grossing charts, was extremely frustrating for customers, whether that was a result of an always-on internet connection requirement or the small amount of demo content available before users had to purchase the full game for $9.99. In many ways, it may seem like Super Mario Run for the iPhone could be seen as a bait-and-switch. Super Mario Run sits at the top of the App Store — but it’s under the “free apps” section. The top rankings offer some of the greatest visibility for apps, and it’s an extremely coveted place to gather additional momentum and users and potentially create a positive feedback cycle. For Super Mario Run, and users, it would seem three levels is probably just not enough to qualify the app as a true “free” app in the same way that Pokémon GO was. But, these are both mechanical or optics issues for Super Mario Run. I do believe there’s another core fundamental element to it — unlike Pokémon GO, the game just simply isn’t as revolutionary, and it’s getting hammered for not only being just a decent game but also some extremely sharp pitfalls to actually get into the game. And Wall Street is already well aware that gaming companies are a hits-driven business, whether that’s on mobile or on proprietary consoles. Related Articles Debunking cancellation rumors, Niantic says Pokemon GO for Apple Watch is still "coming soon" Mario arrives as Pokemon Go peaks, with declining downloads, falling revenue Pokémon GO fitness gains were short-lived Pokémon GO gets its first Gen II Pokémon and a special limited edition Pikachu (with a Santa hat) I’ve been playing Super Mario Run for a couple of days now, and the always-on requirement is definitely a tough pill to swallow. Aside from that, the app just really feels fine. It’s a side-scrolling runner that adds a few basic flourishes. The two I’d point to first are the vault — Mario basically skips over a few small obstacles streamlining the run — and the little spin Mario does to slightly extend his jump (which is often required to hit the top of a flag pole at the end of a level). What it does feel like, in retrospect, is something that is nowhere near as revolutionary or polished as one of the original side-scrolling runners — Mirror’s Edge from EA for the iPhone 4 — felt like. While Super Mario Run feels like a decent game, Mirror’s Edge felt like something really special. It offered some replayability in the sense of finding packages, as well as ways to sort of increase your level of mastery of the levels with different ways to handle guards. And the game, for its time, looked absolutely stunning too. In a shameful twist, Mirror’s Edge is no longer available for the iPhone, and many won’t be able to size up how Super Mario Run sits next to Mirror’s Edge. And that, honestly, is a tragedy — it’s a fantastic piece of gaming history that I believe really helped raise the bar for what games on the iPhone needed to look like and feel like. And it really helped the iPhone feel like a unique gaming device that could invent some new feeling with different interactions other than tapping virtual buttons. So what we have here, it would seem, is two branches. The first is, maybe Mario simply isn’t as big as the Pokémon brand, or not as beloved, so users are less forgiving. The more likely scenario is that users are less forgiving of the game because it isn’t up to the same standards of design and polish that Pokémon GO had at launch, despite Niantic stumbling many times along the way. The Pokémon brand offers a multiplicative effect for the potential growth of an app, but the game still has to be good. Wall Street, on the release of Pokémon GO, offered Nintendo a rather spectacular amount of leeway. It was an opportunity to give the company the benefit of the doubt that, if it released games of the level of Pokémon GO with its biggest franchises, it would crack open a market of hundreds of millions of players that don’t have access to its consoles that cost hundreds of dollars. The Wii U (or Switch) are optional, but a smartphone is a requirement (whether or not you argue that the iPhone is a premium product or not). If all this is the case and the argument holds, Nintendo simply can’t just hang out. It has to produce games that meet a certain level of quality because iPhone owners are demanding as much polish as the other top games on iOS. Minecraft, Candy Crush and Clash of Clans are all good games that work well on the platform (well, Minecraft rounded up to yes) because they represent good mechanics that are highly polished and adapted well for the iPhone as well as offering hooks that really keep users engaged. Super Mario Run, again, is simply fine. And fine isn’t good enough. Wall Street, more or less, has known this for a while. Gaming is a hits-driven business, and a crappy series of launches for Call of Duty could spell disaster for a company like Activision, or an inability to continue to introduce good new content for games like Destiny and World of Warcraft. The fate of Square Enix, one of the most prestigious brands in gaming history, you could argue also hinges on the success of future Dragon Quest games and Final Fantasy XV. Nintendo may have caught a break when it saw a big spike from Pokémon GO. It really offered some insight into Wall Street’s observations of companies like Nintendo and the growth that a new strategy offered. But like Zynga or King, you can build a big business out of a big hit, but that strategy needs to be highly repeatable. Nintendo, even with its cherished brands like Pokémon, Mario, Zelda and Metroid, needs to keep the hits rolling and not simply assume bringing these games to mobile — the largest potential audience Nintendo has ever seen — in mediocre fashion will keep people happy. 0 SHARES Advertisement Advertisement Crunchbase Nintendo Founded 1889 Overview Nintendo is a Japanese multinational consumer electronics company that develops game consoles. The company is engaged in developing, manufacturing, and distributing desktop and portable consoles and other related hardware and software components. It also offers entertainment products such as Family Computer (NES), Super Famicom (SNES), Nintendo 64, Nintendo GameCube, Wii, and Wii U. Nintendo … Location Redmond, WA Categories Consumer Electronics, Video Games Website http://nintendo.com Full profile for Nintendo Newsletter Subscriptions The Daily Crunch Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox TC Weekly Roundup Get a weekly recap of the biggest tech stories Crunchbase Daily The latest startup funding announcements Enter Address Subscribe SEE ALL NEWSLETTERS » Latest Crunch Report Happy New Year from Crunch Report! Watch More Episodes Apple super mario run iPhone Pokémon Go Apps Popular Posts Featured Stories Fiat Chrysler and Google team on Android in-car tech 12 hours ago | Darrell Etherington SpaceX targets January 8 launch as explosion investigation ends 12 hours ago | Darrell Etherington Tesla begins rolling out much-anticipated Autopilot update for its newest cars 17 hours ago | Jon Russell WTF is a VPN 23 hours ago | Romain Dillet Latest From Mobile The new Microsoft under Satya Nadella is still looking good on Wall Street Dec 29, 2016 | Matthew Lynley iPhone 7 was a top holiday gift, but Apple Watch is fading Dec 29, 2016 | Sarah Perez After arriving at 100th railway station in India, Google’s WiFi is set to hit another 100 in 2017 Dec 29, 2016 | Brian Heater You can now register to find out when Super Mario Run hits Android Dec 29, 2016 | Darrell Etherington Comment moderation powered by Up Next Hyundai’s self-driving system aims at affordability Posted Dec 19, 2016 CrunchBoard Job Listings Graphic/Website Designer for Nonprofits at Media Cause (San Francisco, CA, United States) Marketing / SEO Coordinator at Soundsnap (Brooklyn, NY, United States) Lead Software Engineer at WAZER (Rockland County, NY, United States) Product Manager at Tulē at Tulē (San Francisco, CA, United States) Software Engineer II at LSI (Jacksonville, FL, United States) More from CrunchBoard Advertisement TechCrunch News Video Events Crunchbase TechCrunch Store About Staff Contact Us Advertise With Us Event & Editorial Calendar Send Us A Tip International China Europe Japan Follow TechCrunch Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Youtube Pinterest Tumblr Instagram StumbleUpon Feed TechCrunch Apps iOS Android Windows 8 Subscribe to The Daily Crunch Latest headlines delivered to you daily Subscribe to <span class="no-mobile">Subscribe to </span>The Daily Crunch Enter Email Address Subscribe © 2013-2017 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Aol Tech Privacy Policy About Our Ads Anti Harassment Policy Terms of Service Powered by WordPress.com VIP Fonts by News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Galleries All Timelines Videos Apps News Crunch Report Disrupt London All Shows All Videos Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store All Events Crunchbase Message Us Most Popular WTF is a VPN 23 hours ago by Romain Dillet Tesla begins rolling out much-anticipated Autopilot update for its newest cars 17 hours ago by Jon Russell Twitter’s controversial head of China is the latest exec to leave the company 21 hours ago by Jon Russell No cobalt, no Tesla? yesterday by Sebastien Gandon Why the largest insurance companies are pouring into Silicon Valley yesterday by Ali Safavi Fiat Chrysler and Google team on Android in-car tech 12 hours ago by Darrell Etherington How to dive into that New Year’s Resolution to get started with VR 8 hours ago by Darrell Etherington
Gothamist is a website about New York View Pretty | Blog Arts & Entertainment Food News Popular Advertising Contact Newsletter RSS Feed Staff Our Cities Chicago London Los Angeles New York City San Francisco Shanghai Toronto Washington DC The 14 Best Pies In NYC by Joshel Melgarejo in Food on Dec 19, 2016 3:25 pm Pie, glorious pie. An ancient food dating back to the Neolithic period, pies are a staple for many cultures all over the world. Custard pies, fruit pies, cream pies, savory pies, pies with flaky crusts, pies with crumbly crusts, pies with crusty crusts—here are our 14 favorite slices of heaven in NYC. (Joshel Melgarejo/Gothamist) The Salted Caramel Apple from Four and Twenty Blackbirds No pie is more iconic than the Apple Pie, and the signature Salted Caramel Apple at Four and Twenty Blackbirds in Gowanus is the epitome of apple pies. It has layers of thin apple slices strewn with a not too sweet caramel filling. Its crust is perfectly golden brown and flaky—topped with a touch of salt—and the pie can be accompanied with Four and Twenty Blackbird's fresh homemade whipped cream on the side. No other apple pie will ever compare from this point on, so eat at your own risk. Four and Twenty Blackbirds is located at 439 3rd Avenue, (718) 499-2917 Momofuku Milk Bar's Facebook Page The Crack Pie from Momofuku Milk Bar Three words to describe this concoction: Butter, butter, and (you guessed it) butter. The trademarked Crack Pie at award winning bakery Momofuku Milk Bar is a devious concoction of gooey butter glazed with copious amounts of brown sugar in a nutty toasted oat crust. It is sweet, greasy, and not for the faint of heart (literally). The Crack Pie is definitely not for the health conscious, but most great pies aren't. Momofuku Milk Bar has multiple locations in NYC. David A.'s Yelp The Banana Cream from Pies-N-Thighs My first time eating the Banana Cream Pie at Williamsburg mainstay Pies-N-Thighs remains vivid in my memory because I received this piece of heaven right before an obnoxiously drunk couple, seated at the table beside mine, knocked their glass of sangria into the lap and purse of my dining companion. Seeing my friend about to lose it, I immediately offered her some of the pie, comprised of cool creamy banana pudding, topped with heaps of fluffy whipped cream, all carried by the slightly salty Nilla wafer crust. The pie instantly soothed the tension, proving that pie can save lives. Pies N Thighs is located at 166 South 4th Street, (347) 529-6090 Brian M.'s Yelp The Key Lime from Steve's Authentic Key Lime Pie Steve's Authentic Key Lime Pie's storefront can be found off the beaten path in the industrial waterfront of Red Hook. Its Key Lime Pie tastes light and tangy, with a distinct bite, but its balanced sweetness stops it from being a kick in the face. The classic graham cracker crust here is buttery and chewy. The shop also sell swingles, which are a miniature version of their key lime pies that have been coated in chocolate and frozen onto a stick, a recipe for a blissful toothache. Steve's Authentic Key Lime Pie is located at 185 Van Dyke Street, (888) 450-5463 Butter and Scotch's Facebook Page The S'Mores Pie from Butter and Scotch Butter and Scotch in Crown Heights is a hybrid bakery and bar that serves up dessert cocktails and boozy treats. Their S'Mores Pie has a smooth milk chocolate custard center, crunchy house-made graham cracker crust, finished off with a caramelized layer of toasted marshmallow, akin to a creme brulee. It has a great balance of sweet, smoky, and chocolaty. If you want to consume copious amounts of this pie at once, but find that the solidness of this dessert constricts you from downing it fast enough, this pie can also be blended into a milkshake with your choice of ice cream. Butter and Scotch is located at 818 Franklin Avenue, (347) 350-8899 (Joshel Melgarejo/Gothamist) The Cherry Pie from Ladybird Bakery Ladybird Bakery has been providing Park Slope with tasty baked treats since 1992. Their Cherry Pie is your traditional all-American cherry pie, with a filling made up of juicy sour cherries and a lattice crust topping. Be forewarned that consumption of said pie may result in an indecorous licking of the plate. Tastes so good makes a grown man cry. Ladybird Bakery is located at 1112 8th Avenue, (718)-499-8108 (Joshel Melgarejo/Gothamist) The Peanut Butter Pie from Daly Pie The underrated Daly Pie in Prospect Heights, founded in 2011, serves up one of the most addicting slices I've ever had the pleasure to have stuffed down my piehole: the Peanut Butter Pie. The Peanut Butter Pie is comprised of peanut butter filling held together by a crispy ruffle potato chip crust—yeah that's right, a POTATO CHIP CRUST—and topped with a layer of chocolate and even more crushed potato chips. The salty-sweet combination is a sure means to stimulate (or overload) your palate. Daly Pie is located at 665 Vanderbilt Ave Brooklyn, NY 11238; (347) 425-9251. (Joshel Melgarejo/Gothamist) The Sour Cream Apple from Martha's Country Bakery Even though the behemoth that is Four and Twenty's Apple Pie beats out any other apple pie, the Sour Cream Apple at the classic Queens bakery chain comes at a close second. The tartness of the green apple slices is balanced out by the sour cream that's baked into the pie, accented by cinnamon. The pie is topped with a crumbly brown sugar crust sprinkled with chopped walnuts and served warm. Martha's Country Bakery has multiple locations. Petee's Pie Company's Facebook Page The Salty Chocolate Chess from Petee's Pie Company The notable Petee's Pie Company in the LES whips up classic and modern handmade pies made with local ingredients. Their chess pie is comprised of butter, eggs, buttermilk, and sugar and is flavored with bittersweet chocolate, cocoa, and sea salt. The pie tastes like a brownie but with a silky consistency like that of mousse. Petee's Pie Company is located at 61 Delancey Street, (212) 966-2526 Larion S.'s Yelp The Strawberry Rhubarb from The Blue Stove The Blue Stove bakes old-fashioned pies in small batches from a low key location in Williamsburg. Sweet and tart, with a bit of citrus zest, their Strawberry Rhubarb Pie is definitely something to call home about. The crust is light, flaky, and a good supplement to the flavorful fruit filling. And since you'll probably be coming back to the Blue Stove weekly for this slice of Southern comfort, it's worth mentioning that you get a free cookie if you return the pie tin. The Blue Stove is located at 415 Graham Avenue, (718) 766-7419 Kayla G.'s Yelp The Chocolate Pecan from Two Little Red Hens Two Little Red Hens is a renowned bakeshop on the Upper East Side that churns out cupcakes, cakes, and other sweets. Their popular Chocolate Pecan Pie is loaded with rich chunks of Callebaut 60/40 chocolate and balanced out by ample amounts of toasted pecans. This delight is incredibly decadent, so be prepared with a cup of coffee to wash it down. Two Little Red Hens is located at 1652 Second Avenue (at 86th Street), New York, NY 10028; (212) 452-0476. (Joshel Melgarejo/Gothamist) The Wild Blueberry Crumb at Pie Corps Pie Corps is a quaint little bakeshop in Greenpoint across the street from McGorlick Park that looks like it's straight out of the 1940s. This homey spot serves up the best blueberry pie I have ever had the pleasure of eating. The berries give it a modest tartness balanced out by a bottom crust sprinkled with sugar crystals on the edges and a crumble top crust. Pie Corps also serves Pie Pops, which are miniature pies on a stick for efficient mobile consumption. Pie Corps is located at 77 Driggs Avenue, (917) 721-3052 Katty D.'s Yelp The Pork Pie with Port & Stilton from Myers of Keswick Myers of Keswick opened in 1985 as a sanctuary for British ex-pats living in NYC who longed for comfort food like meat pies and sausages. This Pork Pie from Myers is filled with tender porky goodness and the crust is topped with a Stilton blue cheese. Grab a freshly made cream and jam scone and an Irn Bru for later snacking. Myers of Keswick is located at 634 Hudson Street, (212) 691-4194 Joy W.'s Yelp The Guinness Steak and Mushroom from Tuck Shop Tuck Shop slings out Aussie quick bites in a laid-back little joint in the East Village. The Guinness Steak and Mushroom Pie has a hearty, stew-like filling of steak chunks and horseradish gravy, seasoned with green peppercorns and all enclosed by a thick crust. Get it with mash and gravy on the side and drink it down with one of Tuck Shop's sodas, such as the Thai Basil Lemongrass or the Elderberry, which are made in-house. Tuck Shop is located at 68 East 1st Street in the East Village; (212) 979-5200. Want more like this? Get the tastiest food news, restaurant openings and more every Friday with the Gothamist Weekly Digest. Contact the author of this article or email tips@gothamist.com with further questions, comments or tips. twitter facebook reddit print best of gothamist Best Pies Pie Other Interesting Stories Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Gothamist Films   © 2003-2017 Gothamist LLC. All rights reserved. Terms of Use & Privacy Policy.
Tech Entertainment Business Social Deals Podcast About Apps & Software Image Source: Apple AirPods are surprisingly great, according to early reviews Yoni Heisler @edibleapple December 19th, 2016 at 12:17 PM Share Tweet In just the nick of time, Apple managed to roll out its new AirPods last week following a nearly two-month delay. Priced at $159 and sporting Apple’s new W1 wireless chip, Apple’s AirPods promise to deliver a best-in-class pairing process, a solid user experience, and above all else, impressive sound quality. Don't Miss: $12 gadget brings a mind-blowing experience to any HDTV One of the more interesting things about Apple’s AirPods is that they’re jam-packed with all sorts of advanced technologies. For example, AirPods come equipped with accelerometers such that the earbuds can determine when a wearer happens to be speaking. In such a scenario, the AirPods are designed to filter out background noise and specifically hone in on and transmit the sound of your voice. Now that AirPods are finally shipping, early user reviews are finally starting to trickle in. Suffice it to say, Apple’s AirPods thus far appear to be the real deal. Not only are people seemingly impressed with the sound quality AirPods provide, many users have relayed that the earbuds do a surprisingly impressive job of remaining nestled in the ear even during physical activity. This is a particularly interesting data point given that Apple’s wired earbuds that come standard with every iPhone are notoriously prone to falling out at the slightest jostle. In a monster thread on Reddit, appropriately titled “AirPods are better than expected”, a number of AirPod owners have chimed in with overwhelmingly positive reviews. One user with the handle Portatort was particularly effusive, relaying that his AirPods remained snug and in place while exercising at the gym. 20 minutes on the indoor bike and then 10 minutes on the treadmill… Not once did I feel the need to push the pods further into my ears (I didn’t touch them once in the entire half hour). I just pulled the out to test something another comment was asking about and they don’t seem to have any sweat on them. Despite my head being drenched. I’m into some strength training now and so far they just feel great. Not going anywhere super secure. On the treadmill I turned the volume up to max and I couldn’t hear anything (including the music the gym belts out over the pa) other than my music. It was great. Better than expected from wireless headphones. (My title was specifically in reference to the range). Exactly the kind of magic blend between hardware and software I expect from Apple. That said over the course of the year i was feeling like apple had lost the ability to surprise and delight me. AirPods feel like a return to the ‘it just works’ apple that we all love. In the same vein, marathon runner Daniel Garcia recently took his new AirPods on an intense 10k run through the mountains and came away impressed. “I don’t feel like they’re insecure,” Garcia said before starting out, “so this could be an expensive test.” “They didn’t budge at all, they’re still sitting there in my ears,” Garcia said after doing a little bit of sprinting. “I could never wear the EarPods before. They would always fall out.” During the 10k portion, Garcia ran up and down a steep mountain and, once again, was impressed that his AirPods managed to stay in with no problem whatsoever. Tags: AirPods, Apple View Comments Trending 1 Gaming CNN uses screenshot from ‘Fallout 4’ to show how Russians hack things 2 Mobile This rumored Galaxy S8 feature would be like nothing you’ve ever seen on an iPhone 3 Security Hackers have a new way to steal your banking login using WhatsApp 4 Mobile Here’s what a Jet Black iPhone 7 Plus looks like after 3 months without a case 5 Entertainment The 10 best new movies and TV shows coming to Netflix in January Picked For You This rumored Galaxy S8 feature would be like nothing you’ve ever seen on an iPhone By Zach Epstein January 2nd at 1:36 PM iOS 10.3 might introduce an intriguing new ‘Theatre mode’ By Yoni Heisler December 31st at 8:01 PM CNN uses screenshot from ‘Fallout 4’ to show how Russians hack things By Mike Wehner January 2nd at 2:07 PM Advertise About Contact Copyright 2017 BGR Media, LLC Powered by WordPress.com VIP | Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Rights | Terms Of Use
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple You can now play Minecraft on your Apple TV Chris Smith BGR NewsDecember 19, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share During its MacBook event in October, Apple revealed that Minecraft, one of the most popular games in recent history, would soon be available on its living room platform, the Apple TV. At the time, Apple did not offer any other details about the game, but Minecrafters should know the game is finally here. Go ahead, get your Minecraft for Apple TV right now. Don't Miss: Amazon is letting people gift 3 months of Prime! The Apple TV Edition of Minecraft will set you back $19.99, but for that price you’re getting some bonus material, including the Ender Update, and seven extra pieces of DLC. Not to mention that Minecraft for Apple TV might be just the Christmas present a special someone deserves. “We’ve just released Minecraft for the slim black boxes. And, for a limited time, it comes with seven pieces of lovely DLC, giving you the chance to customize the fun to your liking,” a post on the Minecraft site revealed. “Minecraft: Apple TV Edition currently includes the Holiday 2015, Town Folk, and City Folk skin packs, along with the Plastic, Natural, Cartoon, and Festive 2016 mash-ups. It costs $19.99 and is rolling out in all regions as I type.” On top of all the perks included in this first release for Apple TV, Minecraft said that the tvOS game will receive the same Minecraft Realms and Xbox Live support that’s available elsewhere. The game should be available in all local App Stores now that it’s officially out. In case you can’t find it on your Apple TV, keep trying until your corner of the world gets the game. Trending right now: Everything you need to know about Best Buy’s NES Classic sale tomorrow This pocket-sized Windows 10 PC costs less than $200 You won’t like these Galaxy S8 release date and price rumors See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next 9 tech-friendly gifts for people obsessed with travel Yahoo Tech CNN uses screenshot from ‘Fallout 4’ to show how Russians hack things BGR News Facebook launches live 360-degree video feature Yahoo Tech The battle between SSD and HDD is over, and the winner is clear Digital Trends Celebrity sues Tesla, claims Model X drove itself through a wall and into his house BGR News A theory that challenges Newton’s and Einstein’s gravity and nixes dark matter passed its first test Quartz Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo Finance
Skip to content Menu Local News Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Eastside Health Data Northwest Times Watchdog Business & Tech Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Nation & World Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars Mariners Sounders Storm High School Sports Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics & Games Horoscopes Life Food & Drink Travel & Outdoors Wellness Pets Rant & Rave Pacific NW Magazine Homes & Real Estate Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Video Photography Obituaries News Obituaries Paid Obituaries Jobs Shop Autos Log In Subscribe Search Business Local Biz/Tech Sports Entertainment Life Travel Homes Opinion | Jobs Autos Shop Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics & Games Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Business Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics & Games Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Business Login Subscribe Business Nation & World Technology Apple appeals EU order to collect $14B in back taxes Originally published December 19, 2016 at 8:17 am Updated December 19, 2016 at 11:36 am FILE – In this Sept. 5, 2014, file photo, the Apple logo hangs in the glass box entrance to the company’s Fifth Avenue store in New York. Apple is appealing a European Union order to collect a record 13 billion euros ($14 billion) in taxes, following a similar appeal by Ireland. The move comes about four months after EU competition authorities said Apple owed back taxes based on the way it reports European-wide profits through Ireland. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File) Share story The Associated Press CUPERTINO, Calif. (AP) — Apple is appealing a European Union order to collect a record 13 billion euros ($14 billion) in back taxes based on the way it reports European-wide profits through Ireland. The move follows a similar appeal Sunday by Ireland. Ireland charges the Cupertino, California-based company only for sales within Ireland. EU Competition Commissioner Margrethe Vestager said the arrangement let Apple use two shell companies incorporated in Ireland to report its Europe-wide profits at effective rates well under 1 percent. In a statement Monday, Apple said the EU took “unilateral action and retroactively changed the rules, disregarding decades of Irish tax law, U.S. tax law as well as global consensus on tax policy.” Most Read Stories 2 firetrucks collide, sending 8 firefighters to hospital, damaging Seattle storefront  VIEW Huskies expected to be hit hard by early departures for NFL draft Eddie Fisher dies; 5 marriages included Debbie Reynolds, Liz Taylor Amazon deploys many more orange robots at warehouses | Sunday Buzz Seahawks to face sixth-seeded Detroit Lions in opening round of NFL playoffs. Here's why that's a good thingUnlimited Digital Access. $1 for 4 weeks. “If their opinion is allowed to stand, Apple would pay 40 percent of all the corporate income tax collected in Ireland, which is unprecedented and, far from leveling the playing field, selectively targets Apple,” Apple said. “This has no basis in fact or law and we’re confident the ruling will be overturned.” Apple says it has a worldwide income tax rate of around 26 percent. The Irish and Apple appeals set the stage for a titanic legal battle that has implications for more than 600 U.S. multinationals based in Ireland and thousands more using tax-avoidance vehicles globally. The EU’s Department of Finance has pledged to close rules permitting shell companies, though global companies could avoid that obstacle by shifting the same accounting strategies to other countries beyond the EU’s wrath. The Associated Press Email Newsletter Sign-up Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! View Comments No personal attacks or insults, no hate speech, no profanity. Please keep the conversation civil and help us moderate this thread by reporting any abuse. See our Commenting FAQ. Powered by Livefyre The opinions expressed in reader comments are those of the author only, and do not reflect the opinions of The Seattle Times. Next Story Serbia to get Russian fighter jets to counter NATO threat Previous Story Obama sets rule to protect streams near coal mines Contact Newsroom staff list FAQ Contact form About the company Seattle Restaurant Week Newspapers in Education Fund for the Needy Employment Historical Archives Pulitzers Company information Permissions Seattle Times Store Advertise Classifieds Autos Homes Obituary Jobs Media Kit Advertise with Us Subscriber Services Subscribe Activate Account Manage Subscription Place Temporary Hold Report Delivery Issue Make a Payment Print Replica Today’s Front Page Facebook Twitter RSS Feeds Newsletters Mobile Apps Subscribe Copyright © 2017 The Seattle Times Company | Privacy statement | Terms of service Get our Morning Brief delivered to your inbox. Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! Back to the story
  Skip to Main Content Techlicious - tech made simple Choose It Use It Deals Home Browse Topics Latest News Techlicious Top Picks Reviews How-Tos Deals Tech Made Simple Hot Topics: How to Fix Bluetooth Problems | The Best Coffee Grinder | Best Fitness Trackers Under $50 | Complete Guide to Facebook Privacy Use It How to Free up Storage on iCloud by Natasha Stokes on December 19, 2016 in Computer Safety & Support, Computers and Software, Phones and Mobile, Android Apps, iPhone/iPad Apps, Tips & How-Tos :: 0 comments If you use an iPhone and don’t pay for an iCloud plan, you’ve almost definitely encountered at least one message that your iCloud storage is nearly used up. The free 5GB of storage is quickly taken up by photos, device backups, iCloud mail, iCloud Drive, and all of the above from your iPad and Mac (except device backup). All devices on one Apple ID share the same iCloud storage. That is, you don’t get 10GB of free storage by having two Apple devices unless you sign up with a different Apple ID. Photos are the most common culprit for a dwindling iCloud storage. Mac users who place their Documents folder into iCloud Drive for Anywhere access may find that’s what’s filling up their iCloud. How to reclaim your storage space Here’s how to reclaim some storage space by streamlining what’s saved to iCloud. 1. Check how much storage you have On an iPhone or iPad, head to Settings > iCloud, or open the iCloud program in your Mac or PC.   2. Free up photo storage Unless you’re paying for a storage plan or have an extremely minimalist approach to photo-taking and storage, iCloud isn’t a great place to backup photos. The free 5GB is far below the capacity of even iPhones with the least amount of storage space, and that’s before taking into account hefty device backups. (See below.) Unlike Google Photos, there’s no option to save unlimited lower-resolution versions, so you’re better off finding an alternative means of automatically backing up your iPhone photos and then — take a deep breath — deleting your photo library from iCloud. We don’t mean you should delete your photos from your phone, just iCloud. Since you’ll be saving them to a different cloud service, you don’t have to delete anything unless you want to, fellow packrat. Download a new photo-sync app Two of our favorite photo syncing apps are Google Photos (unlimited storage of compressed-resolution photos) and Flickr (1TB of free storage; however, a recent update means the desktop auto-backup app is now only for paid accounts). Whatever you choose, head into its settings, enable auto-backup and wait for the photos to sync from your phone. Download the same app for your iPad and Mac, and back up your photos. Disable iCloud Photo Library Head to Settings > iCloud > Storage > Manage Storage. Here, delete iCloud Photo Library from your iCloud account. Not only will your devices no longer upload photos to iCloud, but all the photos in your iCloud will be deleted.   Once you take this step, you’ll immediately see the storage reappear on your iCloud account. You’ll still be able to view the photos from iCloud.com for another 30 days. Crucially, you’ll also have this time available to download them. You only need to download them if you want a hard drive backup or there were more photos on iCloud than on the devices you synced to your new cloud storage in the previous step. Transfer other photos in iCloud to your new cloud storage If you have photos in iCloud that aren’t on your current devices, you’ll have to download them to your computer and then upload them to your new cloud service. There’s no quick way to do this because you can only select photos by “Moments” (snaps taken at roughly the same point in time) rather than by “Select all” or even by album. Head to iCloud.com and hit the Photos tab. Find the last photo that was on one of your just-synced devices. Then select the photos moment by moment, going backwards in time. Tap Download to save copies of these on your computer, and head into your desktop photo-sync app to sync these photos into your new cloud storage. Enable Photo Stream Still want to be able to view iPhone snaps in iPad or Mac screen glory? Turn on Photo Stream (Settings > iCloud > Photos) so that your last thousand photos are available to view on all your Apple devices without eating into any of your iCloud allotment. 3. Free up device backup storage By default, settings, apps and the data that apps create on your iPhone and iPad sync to iCloud. This lets you restore an exact copy of your device should you lose it or upgrade to a new device. Depending what you choose to include, a device backup could take up 4GB of space. It’s worth trimming back which apps get to sync, particularly if you’ve got more than one Apple device. This includes phones or tablets you no longer use that might still have a backup associated with your Apple ID. Manage apps to back up At Settings > iCloud > Storage > Manage Storage, tap a device backup (such as your iPad or iPhone) to control which apps are included. Toggle off apps you don’t feel are absolutely necessary to have on your next phone. If you decided to sync your photos to a different cloud service (as in step 1), you could also toggle off Photo Library, which means your current photo collection wouldn’t turn up on your next Apple device. If you have an old Apple device whose backup is still sitting here, delete that.   You could also choose to turn Backup off entirely. Scroll down at Settings > iCloud. 4. Free up storage in iCloud Drive Your iCloud Drive is the cloud-based home of files from Apple’s office suite, as well as data created by your apps. To control which apps sync data, go to Settings > iCloud  > iCloud Drive and toggle on or off which Apple apps can sync to iCloud. Consider which of these core phone functions you’d like to be able to access from other or new Apple devices. Once you toggle off backups for an app, you can also delete existing data from that app from your phone. Next, select iCloud Drive to view the third-party apps you have installed that are syncing data to iCloud.  You can manually toggle off certain apps, or turn off iCloud Drive entirely to stop all of them from syncing their data. It’s useful to keep apps that allow you to access the same file (or game) across your Mac, iPad and iPhone. Keep in mind that apps such as WhatsApp or Google Docs are already cloud-based apps, and you’ll be able to access the same history and data on any device regardless of whether it syncs to iCloud Drive. Also consider toggling off ‘Use Mobile Data,’ so that apps only sync data when you’re connected to a Wi-Fi network. If you’re a fan of Apple’s work suite, Pages, Keynotes and other Mac office documents could be taking up substantial storage in your iCloud. Head to Settings > iCloud > Storage > Manage Storage, where you can scroll through “Documents and Data” to see all the files and how much space they’re taking up. To delete unnecessary files, tap, then left-swipe on your iPhone. They’ll still exist on the device where they were created. 5. Free up storage in iCloud email Aside from manually deleting emails and attachments you no longer need (because unlike Gmail, iCloud mail doesn’t provide clever search tricks for organizing bulk deletions), you can also clear iCloud storage of mail by moving messages onto your computer. Head into the Mail program on your Mac, then Mailbox > New Mailbox. Select the location for this to be “On My Mac,” then select and drag (or right-click, Message > Move to) to this computer-based mailbox. If you love iCloud as a cloud storage service, you’ll eventually want to upgrade to a paid plan in order to keep using it as long-term photo backup service or cloud platform for work documents. But before you do that, see if you can reclaim some wasted space. Good luck! [Image credit: iPhone with Mac keyboard via BigStockPhoto, Apple] Discussion Leave a Comment Here Our Latest Reviews The Best Home Coffee Grinder Krups GX5000 Professional Electric Coffee Burr Grinder The Best Soundbar Under $250 Vizio SB3821-D6 The Best Humidifier for Medium & Large Rooms Crane Digital Warm & Cool Mist Humidifier EE-6902 The Best Instant Camera Fujifilm Instax Mini 70 Instant Camera Review of the Philips Pasta Maker Philips Pasta Maker New Articles on Techlicious 5 Easy Ways to View Photos on Your TV The Best Broad-Spectrum Therapy Lights Amazon's Digital Day Sale Offers TV, Movies and More Essential Accessories for your iPhone 7 The Best Home Coffee Grinder How to Track Santa's Journey Around the World 14 Great Gift Box Subscriptions 7 of the Coolest New Car Tech Features © 2015 Techlicious LLC. Home | About | Meet the Team | Sponsorship Opportunities | Newsletter Archive | Contact Us | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy site design: Juxtaprose
TechTech Ideas Insights Services Reports Dashboard Books Assessment Keynotes Events About Contact Login Logout Copyright and Terms All Categories > ALL Fashion Tech Life Culture Design Ads Business Eco Good Luxury Bizarre Keynotes TV About Us Community Login Noise Isolation Earbuds Score 4.7 More Stats +/- Ergonomic Ear-Shaped Headphones Sleek Banded Bluetooth Headphones High-End Wireless Earbuds Bone Conduction Sunglasses Wireless Ergonomic Earbuds 52Similar Photos The Scosche HPL1 iPhone 7 Headphones Work Exclusively with Apple Devices By: Michael Hemsworth - Dec 19, 2016 References: scosche & gadgetsin The Scosche HPL1 iPhone 7 headphones aim to help provide a functional piece of equipment for those that are still reeling from the elimination of the headphone jack on the Apple smartphone. Created exclusively for Apple devices, the Scosche HPL1 headphones connect to devices via a Lightning connector, which enables the earbuds to have more power and efficiency than other designs. The Scosche HPL1 headphones are outfitted with noise isolation technology that works to help keep the focus on the music rather than on ambient noise that is present. The Scosche HPL1 iPhone 7 headphones feature an in-line remote and operate via a dedicated app that enables further levels of customization. The physical connection is praised for being more reliable than Bluetooth and capable of delivering better auditory feedback without any lost quality. 'BEST INNOVATION EVENT, EVER!' Join us at our Future Festival, rated the 'best business event ever' by 85% of attendees ➤ Related Top 10 Slideshows Video Pro Services Innovation Accelerator Innovation Keynotes Trend Reports Custom Dashboards Future Festival Free Resources Innovation Videos & Books Weekly Trend Report NEW: 2017 Trend Report Get a FREE Report Earpiece Protection StrapsThe Spigen AirPods Strap Ensures Users Don't Lose the Small Earpieces Tuneable Wireless EarbudsThe Phantom Air Earbuds Allow For Highly Precise Tuning High-Fidelity Copper EarbudsThe 'Copper Audio Blast Earbuds' Deliver Crisp Sound Durable Tangle-Free HeadphonesThese Wired Earbuds are Made Tough for Android and iOS Devices 100 Presents for the College StudentFrom Space-Saving Desks to Instant Selfie Cameras Top 70 Multimedia Trends in NovemberFrom VR Cartoon Experiences to 360-Degree Smartphone Cameras Stats for Noise Isolation Earbuds Trending: This Month & Average Research: 1 w Interest: 0.5 minutes Concept: Iphone 7 Headphones Related: 68 examples / 52 photos Segment: Neutral, 18-55 Comparison Set: 25 similar articles, including: sleek banded bluetooth headphones, ergonomic ear-shaped headphones, and high-end wireless earbuds. Related Reports: Earphone Report, Sensory Marketing Report, Headphones Report, College Lifestyle Report, Dining Out Report SCORE: 4.7 Popularity: Activity: Freshness: Demographics: PRO Content Custom Research Comments / Reactions [+/-] Bookmark Comment Must See WTF OMG LOL Cute Nerdy HOT More About Us, Advertising & Contact     Innovation Keynote Speaker     Best Innovation Conference     Custom Trend Reports Trends and Content © Copyright TREND HUNTER Inc. All Rights Reserved.     Terms of Use & Privacy Policy Questions 27 time: 0.1126 , e-time: 0.1149
null
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR more Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ Movie Review Entertainment Film Assassin’s Creed review: soars over the low bar of video game movies New, 8 comments No leap of faith, but some solid footing by Adi Robertson@thedextriarchy Dec 19, 2016, 3:08pm EST share tweet Linkedin 20th Century Fox Video game movies are sometimes mocked for forcing dramatic story arcs onto things that are essentially non-narrative, like the endless shooting gallery of Doom, or the physics puzzles of Angry Birds. But when filmmakers take on projects like Assassin’s Creed, based on the Ubisoft action-game franchise of the same name, they face a different problem: what’s the point? Assassin’s Creed, a game franchise that launched in 2007, is an intensely cinematic series about the generational conflict between two warring secret societies. Poke around YouTube, and you’ll find dozens of “movies” that are simply hours of gameplay and cutscenes spliced together, laying out exhaustively detailed sci-fi adventures that cover the entirety of human civilization and then some, from the Crusades to the near future and back to pre-human Earth. A Hollywood adaptation needs to feel like more than an extremely truncated live-action remake — and when Assassin’s Creed manages to do so, it’s by going smaller, not bigger. Directed by Justin Kurzel (whose feature-film debut was the 2011 drama Snowtown), Assassin’s Creed is a standalone film that slots loosely into the larger franchise, based on a pared-down version of its complex lore. Like the games, the film posits that the historical Knights Templar are actually a powerful, long-standing shadow government seeking world domination — here, through an artifact called the Apple of Eden, which contains “the genetic blueprint for free will.” All that stands in their way is the Assassins, a group of anarchic warriors who have thwarted the Templars’ plans throughout history. Assassin’s Creed wisely pushes the series’ most elaborate cosmic lore into the background, although it occasionally hints at the Apple’s creators, a pre-human race of godlike beings. But its biggest change is a major shift in focus. Most of the Assassin’s Creed series is technically a string of ancient “genetic memories,” reconstructed inside a fictional virtual-reality system known as the Animus. In the games, the Animus is primarily a clever but forgettable framing device for sci-fi-tinged historical fiction, and the “real” modern world — where your options and abilities are suddenly limited — is an anemic shadow of its rich, virtual historical settings. The film turns this inside out, exploring a piece of the world that never felt as well suited to video games. Assassin’s Creed is primarily the story of Callum Lynch (X-Men and Prometheus’ Michael Fassbender), a present-day death row inmate and distant descendent of 15th-century Spanish Assassin Aguilar. After faking an execution, the modern Knights Templar kidnap Lynch in order to find the Apple of Eden, which Aguilar (also played by Fassbender) hid way back during the Spanish Inquisition. Templar scientist Sofia Rikkin (Inception’s Marion Cotillard) promises Lynch a new life, as well as a kind of indirect revenge on his Assassin father, who killed Lynch’s mother and left Lynch to a life of aimless criminality. In return, he’ll cooperate in Sofia’s search for what she promises is a “cure for violence.” The movie pushes the games’ more intense cosmic lore into the background The idea that this could sound anything but absurdly sinister is a little hard to swallow, even before we learn the other Templars’ true, more outrageous agenda. Despite this, Lynch’s emotional journey and tense relationship with Sofia is the strongest part of Assassin’s Creed. Lynch could easily be played as a stock cynical anti-hero in the vein of Kurt Russell’s Snake Plissken or Hugh Jackman’s Wolverine, a wisecracking tough guy who’s suddenly forced to save the world. But Fassbender’s patrician bearing and straight-faced delivery makes him seem more weary than angry, and more lost than nihilistic. Even his most awkward lines (“I’m an aggressive person”) feel like the transparent mask of someone who’s learned through hard experience to keep people at arm’s length. It’s never clear how much Lynch should actually trust Sofia, or how much the audience is supposed to sympathize with her. She’s written as a compassionate and well-meaning foil for her callous father (Jeremy Irons), an example of how altruistic scientific passion can be perverted by ideological extremism. Where the Templars want to outright control humanity, she hopes to gently nudge it onto a better, kinder path. But her blithe references to the eugenics-tinged theory of hereditary criminality, combined with Cotillard’s steely composure, suggest a colder and more manipulative figure. She usually ends up sounding like an unusually affable supervillain, which is still far more compelling than the sneering, stereotypically arrogant Templar leaders. It would be impossible to match the games’ elaborate historical tourism beat for beat, and the filmmakers simplify Assassin’s Creed’s convoluted backstory in a way that’s admirably legible, emphasizing elements that would feel tedious or awkward in games. At times, though, they risk boiling the series down into something too generic. Assassin’s Creed’s Knights Templar are interchangeable with any other Illuminati-esque shadow government that wants to rule the people for their own good, and the modern Assassins are mostly non-entities whose only power comes from the Templars’ remarkably boneheaded security plans. If you’ve decided to gather a bunch of deadly warriors in a common facility, and then leave them free to swap information and plot their revenge, maybe at least don’t fill meeting rooms with their specialized weaponry? And there’s not much the filmmakers can do to make the Apple of Eden, a laughably overpowered game weapon that can apparently obliterate the human mind, into a less ridiculous McGuffin. One of the filmmakers’ best tactics is simply to make Assassin’s Creed worth looking at, no matter what’s happening. They’re sometimes a little too in love with their cinematography, particularly a series of swooping aerial transitions that follow an eagle. Yes, it’s the series’ mascot, but the bird practically has its own subplot. At the same time, the film’s lingering shots of characters and scenery give it an unexpected weight, especially because of the careful attention to lighting and texture — from the soft gray weave of Templar prisoners’ uniforms to Aguilar’s densely gathered robes. When the action sequences aren’t emphasizing their artificiality, they’re undeniably striking Aguilar’s storyline is more punctuation than subject, and despite the film’s implicit critique of religious intolerance and imperialism, the Inquisition segments don’t reflect the video games’ longstanding love of ancient political intrigue. As a series of nonstop action sequences, though, they’re undeniably striking. The Animus, a stationary chair in the games, is now a huge robotic arm attached to a neural interface. It swings Lynch around like a rag doll as he reenacts a series of scenes from the Inquisition, including some genuinely vertigo-inducing free falls. It’s an interesting change that helps distinguish Assassin’s Creed from other VR-themed movies, even if it’s sometimes used in ways that are more annoying than cool. During Aguilar’s scenes, the film periodically reminds viewers that they’re actually watching Lynch by superimposing the two settings, like a much snazzier version of present-day mixed reality videos. It’s fun the first couple of times — until you remember that people acting out VR scenes generally look like idiots, even when they’re Michael Fassbender. When the action sequences aren’t emphasizing their artificiality, though, they’re a frequently gorgeous combination of martial arts and free-running. The filmmakers don’t try to deliver the gritty, nail-biting chases of a parkour film like District B13, where every leap is a clear rebellion against gravity. The Assassins’ motion is slick and buoyant, shot just realistically enough to avoid looking like outright wire-fu. It misses an opportunity to inject a sense of danger that wouldn’t work in the games, where you want your character to stick to walls as smoothly as possible. But it’s thematically consistent and full of beautifully shot images, like the Spanish desert contrasting with the stark gray of the Animus facility. There’s inevitably a hint of shameless money-grab to any film adaptation of a ludicrously popular video game franchise, especially one that specifically appeals to people who must uncover every secret in the mythos. Still, Assassin’s Creed’s creators have the courage to always take themselves seriously, even when they’re working with material that sounds fundamentally silly. There’s no great leap of faith in Assassin’s Creed, but a surprising amount of the time, it at least finds steady footing. Next Up In Culture This is Lenovo’s Windows Holographic VR headset My winter happy place is Sarah Jessica Parker’s weird, gross Instagram Welcome to The Bachelor fantasy league: the only sport that matters Asus ZenFone AR revealed, the second Google Tango phone Ben Affleck says standalone Batman movie is ‘not a set thing’ The definitive ranking of celeb merch in 2016 Now Trending CES 2017: What to expect at the biggest tech trade show of the year Olympus E-M1 Mark II review: the camera that warps time Dell has turned one of the best Windows laptops into a 2-in-1 hybrid The Kissenger simulates kissing your long-distance lover Donald Trump says 'no computer is safe' This Article has a component height of 21. The sidebar size is long. Loading comments... The Latest US & World Transportation Massive lines at US airports after nationwide customs outage by Rich McCormick A problem in the computer systems used by United States Customs and Border Protection (CBP) authorities has left thousands stuck in airports and unable to enter the country. Officials from the CBP confirmed to CBS News that the outage was... New, 0 comments Circuit Breaker CES 2017 News Microsoft This is Lenovo’s Windows Holographic VR headset by Sam Byford@345triangle Lenovo just showed us its first VR headset, a prototype device that works with Microsoft’s Windows Holographic platform. Next to other tethered PC headsets like the Oculus Rift or the HTC Vive, it’s noticeably smaller and lighter — Lenovo says... New, 0 comments CES 2017 News Circuit Breaker Tech Samsung's new four-in-one washer / dryer takes laundry to the extreme by Chaim Gartenberg@cgartenberg I hate doing laundry more than any other chore in my life. Between dragging a laundry bag around the corner to the laundromat, lugging detergent, counting out the right amount of quarters, and waiting for loads to finish, every load represents... New, 2 comments TL;DR Web Culture My winter happy place is Sarah Jessica Parker’s weird, gross Instagram by Kaitlyn Tiffany Sarah Jessica Parker — America’s sweetheart, New York City’s mascot, relatable queen of cold-hearted romantic comedies, human vessel of Sex and the City’s omniscient tulle-loving narrator, mother of three, and guiding light to all — is an... New, 1 comment MIT study says 3,000 ride-sharing cars could replace every cab in New York City by Jordan Golson@jlgolson All 13,000 taxis in New York City could be replaced by a fleet of 3,000 ride-sharing cars if used exclusively for carpooling, according to research published today by MIT’s Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory (CSAIL). Instead... New, 9 comments Entertainment TV Culture Welcome to The Bachelor fantasy league: the only sport that matters by Kaitlyn Tiffany Love is a spectator sport where the players are also spectating. We gather friends around the Apple TV while we swipe through potential lovers on Tinder. We consider everyone we swap spit with fair game for public dissection, so long as they do... New, 2 comments Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
We're Sorry eNCA does not support the browser you are using. Please update Internet Explorer to version 11 or higher, or download and install the Google Chrome browser No thanks I'll take my chances ... click here to view eNCA.com in this browser. 28 °C 14 °C Johannesburg, South Africa 31 °C 17 °C Pretoria, South Africa 24 °C 15 °C Cape Town, South Africa 27 °C 19 °C Durban, South Africa 31 °C 18 °C Mbombela, South Africa 24 °C 16 °C Bloemfontein, South Africa 31 °C 17 °C Polokwane, South Africa 22 °C 16 °C Port Elizabeth, South Africa 21 °C 17 °C East London, South Africa 31 °C 19 °C Upington, South Africa 30 °C 18 °C Mahikeng, South Africa Change City Johannesburg Pretoria Cape Town Durban Mbombela Bloemfontein Polokwane Port Elizabeth East London Upington Mahikeng Newsletters News Stream TV Guide Story Psychics predict 2017 Story eNCA readers' top NY resolutions Story Wrapping up 2016 Top Stories Video New Radio South Africa Africa World Money Sport Technology Life Opinion Weather News Interviews Podcasts Comment Now! Apple appeals landmark EU tax ruling Money Monday 19 December 2016 - 7:50pm Apple 27 October event invite Photo: Apple BRUSSELS, Belgium - Apple on Monday launched a legal challenge against a landmark EU decision that the tech giant pay billions in back-taxes to Ireland, claiming the EU has ignored the law. The European Commission, the EU executive arm, in August ordered iPhone maker Apple to reimburse a record 13 billion euros (R197.22 billion) in unpaid taxes in Ireland. The EU, led by its competition chief Margrethe Vestager, accused Ireland of giving Apple a secret tax deal that allowed the iPhone maker to enjoy near zero tax on its huge sales worldwide for more than a decade. The deal was in breach of the EU's state aid rules, argued Vestager, a former Danish finance minister who has made clamping down on tax deals a priority. "It's been clear since the start of this case there was a pre-determined outcome," a spokesperson for Apple told AFP, confirming the appeal. "The Commission took unilateral action and retroactively changed the rules, disregarding decades of Irish tax law, US tax law, as well as global consensus on tax policy, that everyone has relied on," she added. The appeal, lodged at an EU court in Luxembourg, came after the bloc's anti-trust teams released their full 130-page argumentation in the case. "The Commission will defend its decision in court," the Commission said in a short statement, describing a court process that could take years. With the release, the Irish government also laid out its arguments against the EU case, accusing Brussels of a major breach of national sovereignty. "The Commission has exceeded its powers and interfered with national tax sovereignty," Ireland's finance department said in a three-page outline of its main arguments. "The Commission has no competence, under state aid rules, unilaterally to substitute its own view of the geographic scope and extent of the member state's tax jurisdiction for those of the member state itself," the ministry added. Pro-business reputation In August, the EU verdict shocked the business world and infuriated Apple, with CEO Tim Cook calling it "political crap". It also raised tensions with Washington, which accused Brussels of "disproportionately" focusing on US corporations. Google, Starbucks and Amazon are also in the EU's cross hairs. "We continue to believe‎ the Commission is retroactively applying a sweeping new state aid theory that is contrary to well-established legal principles," the US treasury said in a statement. By the Commission's calculations, Dublin allowed Apple to pay a tax rate of 1 percent of its European profits in 2003 which then dropped to 0.005 percent by 2014. Ireland formally lodged its appeal in November after winning the backing of the Irish parliament, with MPs willing to forgo the decision's potential windfall in order to preserve Dublin's pro-business reputation. Once a corporate backwater, Ireland found economic success by building a low tax entryway to Europe for multinationals seeking access to the EU, the world biggest market. Dublin's official corporate tax rate is 12 percent, one of the world's lowest. Dublin also claimed procedural errors in the Commission's investigation, which was launched in 2014, arguing Ireland was not contacted to comment on findings contained in the ruling.  "The Commission breached the duty of good administration by failing to act impartially and in accordance with its duty of care," said the submission. Apple -- with 6,000 staff in its Cork city campus -- is a valued employer in Ireland where it has had operations since 1980. AFP Comment Now! Discussion Policy Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. RELATED STORIES Apple set to launch new Mac devices on Thursday 25 October 2016 The biggest news is expected to come with the launch of a majorly redesigned MacBook Pro. WATCH: Disgruntled customer runs amok at Apple store 01 October 2016 The scene, captured on camera and posted on the Internet, has gone viral in France. Apple shares sink 13 May 2016 The fall of Apple shares has seen Google become the world’s largest company. Trending 1ANC calls for confiscation of passports after mayor Msimanga trip 2Trump says zero chance hell quit over tape 3China to cut coal capacity by 800 million tonnes by 2020 4Construction begins on crèche built from plastic bottles 5Jason Derulo to release new album in 2017 Full coverage The Trump Presidency Trump wishes 'enemies' happy New Year Taps run dry NMB residents urged to use water sparingly On the road Zero tolerance for festivities in Western Cape EgyptAir Crash Egypt begins handing over MS804 crash victims' remains View All Cartoon Currencies Commodities JSE Indices US Dollar 13.726 -0.1367 GB Pound 16.8805 -0.1819 Euro 14.3736 -0.0076 View More Data delayed by at least 15 minutes. ICE Brent Crude $ 56.75 -0.18 Gold $ 1157.61 0.09 Platinum $ 914 1.11 View More Data delayed by at least 15 minutes. FTSE/JSE Top 40 43901.98 0 FTSE/JSE All Share 50653.54 0 FTSE/JSE Resource 10 32109.44 0 View More Data delayed by at least 15 minutes. SECTIONS Top Stories South Africa Africa World Money Sport Life Technology Opinion SHOWS Against All Odds CheckPoint eNCA Afrikaans eNCA isiZulu eNews Direct eShibobo Judge For Yourself Maggs on Media Meet the Media with Eusebius Mckasier Moneyline The Justice Factor Week In One ABOUT About Contact Jobs News Team Privacy Policy Press Releases Licensing Discussions Policy Advertise on eNCA.com WATCH US ON Livestation DSTV 403 e.tv africa eNews Direct eNuus Kyknet FOLLOW US ON Twitter Facebook Youtube RSS Feeds © 2016 eNews Channel Africa. All rights reserved NEWS STREAMclose View All News Stream 0 eNCA.com would like to send you push notifications. Notifications can be turned off any time in your browser settings. Yes, please. No, thanks. You have been registered for browser notifications Click here to find out how to turn notifcations off in browser settings. Close
Neowin Login Sign up News Features Forums Deals More Subscribe Store Chat on IRC Send Tip Write for Neowin About Us Advertising Facebook Twitter Follow @neowinfeed Google+ Minecraft comes to Apple TV, as The Ender Update launches on Pocket and Windows 10 editions By Andy Weir Senior News Editor Neowin LLC @gcaweir · Dec 19, 2016 with 0 comments Back in October, at its MacBook Pro launch event, Apple announced that Minecraft would soon be coming to the Apple TV. Today, the makers of the hugely popular blocky world-building game have announced its release for the fruity media box. Minecraft: Apple TV Edition is available to buy from today, priced at $19.99. For a limited time, it also includes seven bits of additional downloadable content: Skin packs: Holiday 2015 Town Folk City Folk Mash-Ups: Plastic Natural Cartoon Festive 2016 The new Apple TV version of the game doesn't yet support Minecraft Realms or Xbox Live - but those features are in development, and will be added in an update "in the near future". Minecraft: Apple TV Edition includes the new Ender Update, which has also been released for the Pocket Edition and Windows 10 Edition of the game today. The update includes the 2016 Festive Mash-Up Pack, along with: The End, End cities, End ships, Ender dragon & all the other End goodies Ender Pearls Eye of Ender Ender Chest Dragon head Shulkers & shulker shells Chorus fruit and popped chorus fruit End stone & End stone brick End poem Purpur block, purpur pillar, purpur slab & purpur stairs End Rod Dragon Egg Exit Portal & End Gateway Ender charge Ability to craft lingering potions in survival Ability to craft tipped arrows in survival Ability to respawn Jean? the Ender Dragon Dragon's breath Elytra Ender crystals 256 world height! World seed library Igloos & polar bears Strongholds now fully implemented and have a chance of spawning in newly generated chunks Support for world templates Microsoft recently announced the upcoming launch of its new Fallout Mash-Up Pack, details of which you can find here. Source: Minecraft Tags Microsoft Minecraft Apple tv edition Apple tv The ender update Pocket edition Windows 10 edition Windows 10 Like Tweet Share Share Report a problem with article Previous Story Waymo reveals its driverless car, expected to be on roads in 2017 Next Story The six original Mega Man games are coming to iOS and Android next month Community Activity Refresh Windows 10 Creators Update reportedly arriving in April; will be feature-locked this month in Front Page News BANNED You are not Permitted to view this Forum - Not Really in Site & Forum Issues Trump will to recognize Crimea to Russia in Real World Issues NetWorx 5.5.4 in Front Page News Rainmeter 4.0.0.2746 in Front Page News Thecus W2810PRO review, a NAS device running Windows Storage Server 2012 R2 Essentials in Front Page News Internet Explorer suffers 55% YoY decline in market share, Google Chrome increases slightly in Front Page News Xbox One S available from $279 today, and two new 'Games with Gold' titles in Front Page News Related Stories Looking ahead: For Microsoft, 2017 will be a year of work, play, and creativity unleashed 5 hours ago 7 Days: A week of Microsoft updates, more Yahoo hoohah, and Apple Watch wah-wah-waaahhh Dec 17, 2016 Microsoft is testing a new OneDrive fly-out menu Dec 13, 2016 · Hot! Here's what to do if you're having trouble downloading Windows 10 build 14986 Dec 9, 2016 · Hot! deals PureVPN: Lifetime Subscription $597.00 $69.00 88% off Pay What You Want: White Hat Hacker 2017 Bundle $1,271.00 $1.00 100% off Scrivener for Windows $40.00 $20.00 50% off Wireless Charging Pad for Qi-Enabled Devices $68.00 $18.99 72% off VPN Unlimited: Lifetime Subscription $499.99 $29.99 94% off Show Comments 0 Comments - Add comment Sort by oldest first (thread view) Sort by newest first (thread view) Sort by oldest first (linear view) Sort by newest first (linear view) Report Comment Close Please enter your reason for reporting this comment. BBCode Helper Close The following codes can be used in comments. [b]bold[/b] [i]italics[/i] [u]underline[/u] [s] strikethrough[/s] [url]link[/url] [img]imageurl[/img] [quote]text[/quote] Company Contact Us About Us Write for Neowin Advertising Community Forums Subscribe Chat on IRC Neowin Deals Social Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube DMCA Policy Terms of Use Privacy Statement © Since 2000 Neowin LLC. All trademarks mentioned are the property of their respective owners. Top of Page Login Close Username or email: Password Remember me Sign In Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Google Sign in with Live ID Loading
null
Skip to main content Home Delivery e-Edition Boston Herald Store 41°F Subscribe to the Boston Herald RSS Feed Join the Boston Herald on Facebook Join the Boston Herald on Twitter Join the Boston Herald on Google+ View Boston Herald videos on YouTube Boston Herald Herald Apps Fun & Games Obituaries Monday, January 2, 2017 News Local Coverage Local Politics Columnists National U.S. Politics International Offbeat News Obituaries Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Letters to Editor Send a Letter Sports Red Sox Patriots Celtics Bruins College High School Columnists Soccer Golf Other Entertainment Inside Track Celebrity News Arts & Culture Movies Television Music Lifestyle Food & Beverage Style & Fashion Travel Health & Fitness Gift Guide Business Automotive Real Estate Technology Blogs Photos Video Radio Classifieds NewsFeed with Zuri Berry, Joe Dwinell Listen Live Listen Now Watch Live On Demand Apple appeals European Union's $14 billion tax bill Janko Roettgers Monday, December 19, 2016 Credit: The Associated Press FILE - In this Sept. 5, 2014, file photo, the Apple logo hangs in the glass box entrance to the company's Fifth Avenue store in New York. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File) comments Apple has officially appealed a ruling by the European Union that would result in a $14 billion tax bill for the company. Apple charged Monday that it was singled out as an easy target, according to a report filed by Reuters. At the core of the conflict between Apple and European Union officials is the company's long-standing practice to keep its overseas profits in Ireland, instead of having them taxed in the U.S., or other European countries. Ireland has long been a tax haven for big corporations thanks to comparably low corporate tax rates; the country until recently also didn't require companies to pay taxes on income generated outside of its borders. As a result, European Union officials charge that Apple's Irish tax rate was just 0.005 percent in 2014. Apple paid a total of $3.8 billion in taxes for $200 billion in overseas profits during the last ten years, according to Reuters. Apple's practice has been defended by Ireland, with officials charging that other countries were to blame for their own tax loopholes. Apple for its part has said that the E.U. ignored Irish expert opinion in its ruling. The taxation of overseas profits has recently gotten more attention in the U.S. as well, with companies like Apple pushing President Elect Donald Trump for rules that allow them the repatriation of some of their foreign assets at lower tax rates. Repatriation was reportedly one of the points of discussion brought up between tech execs and Trump during a recent high-profile get-together at Trump Tower. © 2016 Variety Media, LLC, a subsidiary of Penske Business Media; Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC   More On: Tribune Content Agency Apple Inc Share this Article Join the Conversation Top Business Stories business & markets Deal dispute forces WCVB off DirecTV chris villani technology Relax: Your Amazon Echo isn't recording everything you say janko roettgers real estate paul restuccia technology AG eyes National Grid pay probe brian dowling Trending Now CNN's Don Lemon gets cut off during boozy broadcast Adriana Cohen: Latest tragedy a wake-up call against open borders | Boston Herald Deal dispute forces WCVB off DirecTV Twins delivered minutes apart have different birth years Elizabeth Warren seeks to pull pot shops out of banking limbo Shattuck: CNN Don Lemon’s live antics leave a sour taste Dog attacks family trying to dress it in sweater, 3 hurt Market Summary and Investments Tweets by @bostonherald Boston Herald News Local Coverage Local Politics Columnists National US Politics International Offbeat News Obituaries Opinion Op Ed Letters to the Editor Editorials Send a Letter Sports Red Sox Patriots Celtics Bruins Columnist College Soccer Golf High School Other Entertainment Inside Track Celebrity News Arts & Culture Movies Music Television LifeStyle Food & Beverage Style & Fashion Travel Health & Fitness Business Automotive Real Estate Technology Markets More… Classifieds Radio Horoscope Lottery Crossword Contests Weather RSS Feeds Archives Log In Advertise Purchase Back Copies Send a News Tip Contact Us Home Delivery e-Edition Mobile Apps Herald Newsletters Send a Letter to the Editor Boston Herald In Education Mass Literacy ©Copyright by the Boston Herald and Herald Media No portion of BostonHerald.com or its content may be reproduced without the owner's written permission. Privacy Commitment Terms Of Use Top
PhoneDog Android And Me TmoNews NEW Official Smartphone Rankings, Vote NOW! TodaysiPhone.com The source for news, reviews, and articles surrounding Apple. Navigation Home News / Articles App Reviews Accessory Reviews Podcast TiP Us Join the TiP team HOT TOPICS: iPhone 8 TV app AirPods MacBook Pro with Touch Bar iPad Pro You are here: Home > LG says UltraFine 5K Display delayed with no confirmed dates LG says UltraFine 5K Display delayed with no confirmed dates December 19, 2016 Peter Cao Leave a comment LG has now confirmed that its 5K UltraFine monitor, the one Apple recommends for use with the new MacBook Pro models, is being delayed. A company representative said that LG does not have a confirmed ship date yet. LG originally said that they will be available in ‘early December’ while Apple was more cautious on their website and said ‘December.’ This is important because Apple has been discounting USB-C products including this 5K display. The LG UltraFine 5K Display has an introductory price of $974 that is valid until December 31. After that initial period, the price jumps back up to $1299. Considering how long AirPods took to ship and how limited they are, we could be waiting until February or March before we can get them. Regardless, we would like to see Apple extend the introductory pricing if true. Personally, I got an order in that small window when they were available to order. But those aren’t slated to ship till the end of January, anyways. Source: 9to5Mac Tags: LG, LG UltraFine 5K Display, MacBook Pro About Peter Cao Peter has a passion for music and technology. He conceits himself by religiously rocking the Apple brand. You can find him on Twitter @iPeterCao. View all posts by Peter Cao → ← Review: Vest — Your Stock Investment Companion Some Apple Stores are receiving mid-day AirPods inventory → Select a phone: (optional) + - Any - 3G|4G U301 USB Modem Acer Aspire One Netbook Acer Liquid M220 Airave 2.5 Plus Alcatel 510A Alcatel 768 Alcatel 871A GoPhone Alcatel A392G Alcatel Fling Alcatel One Touch 991 Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel OneTouch Conquest Alcatel OneTouch Elevate Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fierce Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (4.7") Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (5.5") Alcatel OneTouch Pop 7 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon Alcatel OneTouch Pop Mega Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star LTE Alcatel OneTouch Retro ALCATEL OneTouch Sonic LTE Alcatel Pop C9 Alcatel Pop D3 Alcatel Venture Amazon Fire Phone Anna Sui Mobile by Samsung Apple iPad 2 16GB Apple iPad 2 32GB Apple iPad 2 64GB Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad Mini 3 Apple iPad mini 4 Apple iPad mini with Retina Display Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad with Retina Display Apple iPhone 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 8 GB Apple iPhone 3G S 32 GB Apple iPhone 3GS Apple iPhone 4 Apple iPhone 4S Apple iPhone 5 Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6s Plus ASUS MeMO Pad 7 LTE ASUS MeMO Pad FHD 10 LTE ASUS PadFone X mini ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenWatch 2 AT&T Avail 2 AT&T F160 AT&T Impulse 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot Elevate 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot MiFi 2372 AT&T Quickfire AT&T Radiant GoPhone AT&T Unite AT&T Unite Pro AT&T USBConnect 900 AT&T USBConnect Adrenaline AT&T USBConnect Force 4G AT&T USBConnect Mercury AT&T USBConnect Momentum 4G AT&T USBConnect Shockwave AT&T USBConnect Turbo AT&T USBConnect Velocity AT&T Z222 GoPhone AT&T Z331 AT&T Z998 GoPhone Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox PC5740 EVDO PC Card Audiovox VI600 Audiovox XV6600 Betsey Johnson Mobile by Samsung Big Button Flip Alcatel A392G BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7290 BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8820 BlackBerry Bold BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9700 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Bold 9900 BlackBerry Bold 9930 BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Curve 3G BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Curve 8320 BlackBerry Curve 8330 BlackBerry Curve 8350i BlackBerry Curve 8520 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8900 BlackBerry Curve 9310 BlackBerry Curve 9315 BlackBerry Curve 9330 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9370 BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Pearl BlackBerry Pearl 3G BlackBerry Pearl 8110 BlackBerry Pearl 8120 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8230 BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Storm BlackBerry Storm2 BlackBerry Style BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9850 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Tour BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Z30 Blackphone 2 BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Life View BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0C BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio Selfie LTE Boost MAX by ZTE Boost Warp 4G by ZTE Brigadier by Kyocera Casio EXILIM Casio G'zOne Boulder CASIO G'zONE Ravine 2 (Non-Camera) Casio GzOne Brigade Casio GzOne Commando Casio GzOne Ravine Casio GzOne Ravine 2 Casio GzOne Rock CAT B15Q CAT S40 Compaq Mini 110c-1048NR Coolpad Arise Coolpad Flo Coolpad Quattro 4G Dell Inspiron 14z Laptop Dell Inspiron Mini 10 with T-Mobile webConnect Dell Inspiron Mini 1012 Dell Streak 7 Diane Von Furstenberg Mobile by Samsung DROID 2 by Motorola DROID 2 Global by Motorola DROID 3 by Motorola DROID 4 by Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G by Motorola DROID by Motorola DROID CHARGE by Samsung Droid DNA by HTC DROID ERIS by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 by HTC DROID Incredible 4G LTE by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE by HTC DROID Pro by Motorola DROID R2 D2 by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola 16GB DROID RAZR HD by Motorola DROID RAZR M by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola DROID Turbo DROID X by Motorola DROID X2 by Motorola Enact by LG Ericsson c905a Ericsson Equinox Ericsson TM506 Ericsson Vivaz Ericsson W350 Ericsson W518a Ericsson w760a Ericsson Z750a Firefly Fivespot Global Ready Franklin Wireless U680 USB Galaxy Nexus by Samsung Garmin Garminfone Garmin nuvifone G60 Gateway LT2016u Netbook Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 5 Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 9 Google Pixel C HP iPAQ Glisten HP Mini 110 Netbook HP Mini 110-1050NR HP Mini 1151NR Netbook HP Mini 210-1076NR Netbook HP Mini 311-1037NR Netbook HP Veer 4G HTC 8XT HTC Amaze HTC Aria HTC Arrive HTC Desire HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 526 HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 612 HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 626s HTC Desire 816 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire EYE HTC Droid DNA HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 4G HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO Design 4G HTC EVO Shift 4G HTC EVO View 4G HTC First HTC Freestyle HTC FUZE HTC HD 7 HTC HD2 HTC HD7S HTC Hero HTC Imagio HTC Inspire 4G HTC Jetstream HTC Merge HTC Mogul Pocket PC 6800 HTC One HTC One (E8) HTC One (M8) HTC One (M8) For Windows HTC One A9 HTC One M9 HTC One Max HTC One mini HTC One remix HTC One S HTC One SV HTC One V HTC One X HTC One X+ HTC Ozone HTC PPC6800 HTC Pure HTC Radar HTC Rezound HTC Rhyme HTC S621 Excalibur HTC S630 Cavalier HTC Sensation HTC Snap HTC Status HTC Surround HTC Thunderbolt HTC Tilt 2 HTC Titan HTC Titan II HTC Touch HTC Touch Diamond HTC Touch Pro HTC Touch Pro 2 HTC Trophy HTC Vivid HTC Wildfire S Huawei Activa 4G Huawei Ascend HUAWEI Ascend II Huawei Ascend Mate 2 Huawei Ascend Plus Huawei Ascend W1 Huawei Ascend Y Huawei EC168 Huawei Glory Huawei H210C Huawei H215G Huawei H866C Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Inspira Huawei M735 Huawei M835 Huawei Mate S Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei P8 lite Huawei Pal Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Premia 4G Huawei SnapTo Huawei Summit Huawei U8651T Prism Huawei Union Huawei Valiant Huawei Verge Huawei Vitria Huawei Watch Jolla Tablet KIN One KIN Two Kyocera 126C Kyocera 323 Kyocera Brigadier Kyocera Brio Kyocera Coast Kyocera Contact Kyocera DuraCore Kyocera DuraForce Kyocera DuraMax Kyocera DuraPlus Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraXT Kyocera DuraXV Kyocera E1000 Kyocera E1100 Neo Kyocera E2000 Kyocera Echo Kyocera Event Kyocera Hydro Kyocera Hydro Edge Kyocera Hydro Elite Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Vibe Kyocera Hydro Wave Kyocera Hydro XTRM Kyocera K132 Kyocera Kona Kyocera Loft Kyocera Milano Kyocera Presto Kyocera Rise Kyocera SE47 Slider Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torque Kyocera TorqueXT Kyocera Verve LG 221C LG 101 LG 1500 LG 220C LG 231C LG 235C LG 236C LG 320G LG 400G LG 450 LG 500G LG 505C LG 511C LG 600G LG 620G LG 800G LG 900G LG A340 LG A380 LG Access LTE LG Accolade LG Ally LG Arena LG Aspire LG AX155 LG AX300 LG AX310 LG AX565 LG AX8600 LG Banter LG Beacon LG CF360 LG Chocolate 3 LG Chocolate Touch LG Chocolate VX8550 LG Chocolate White LG Clout LG Connect 4G LG Cosmos LG Cosmos 2 LG Cosmos 3 LG Cosmos Touch LG Dare LG Decoy LG dLite LG Doubleplay LG Enact LG Encore LG Enlighten LG enV Touch LG enV VX11000 LG enV VX9900 LG enV2 LG enV3 LG Escape LG Esteem LG Exalt LG eXpo LG Extravert LG Extravert 2 LG Fathom LG G Flex LG G Flex 2 LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad F7.0 LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G Vista 2 LG G2 LG G3 LG G3 Vigor LG G4 LG Glance LG Glimmer LG Google Nexus 4 LG GS170 LG GU295 LG INCITE LG Intuition LG Invision LG L35G SIM4 LG Lancet LG Leon LTE LG Lotus LG Lotus Elite LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 3 LG Lucky LG LX150 LG LX160 LG LX290 LG LX350 LG LX370 LG LX400 LG LX550 LG Mach LG Marquee LG Migo LG Motion 4G LG Muziq LX570 LG Neon LG Neon II LG Nexus 5X LG Nitro HD LG Octane LG Optimus Black LG Optimus Dynamic LG Optimus Dynamic II LG Optimus Elite LG Optimus Exceed LG Optimus Exceed 2 LG Optimus Extreme LG Optimus F3 LG Optimus F3Q LG Optimus F6 LG Optimus F7 LG Optimus Fuel LG Optimus G LG Optimus G Pro LG Optimus L70 LG Optimus L9 LG Optimus L90 LG Optimus Logic LG Optimus M LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus Net LG Optimus One P500 LG Optimus Q LG Optimus S LG Optimus SHOWTIME LG Optimus T LG Optimus Ultimate LG Optimus Zip LG Optimus Zone LG Optimus Zone 2 LG Phoenix LG PM-225 LG Prime LG Quantum LG Realm LG Remarq LG Revere LG Revere 2 LG Revere 3 LG Revolution LG Rhythm LG Rumor LG Rumor 2 LG Rumor Reflex LG Rumor Reflex S LG Rumor Touch LG Scoop LG Sentio LG Shine CU720 LG Shine II LG Spirit 4G LG Sunrise LG Swift LG Thrill LG Transpyre LG Tribute LG Tribute 2 LG Tritan LG Ultimate 2 LG UX145 LG UX260 LG UX280 LG UX300 LG UX380 LG UX565 LG UX830 LG V10 LG Venice LG Versa LG VI-125 LG VI-5225 LG Viper LG VL600 4G USB Modem LG Volt LG Volt 2 LG Vortex LG Vu CU915 LG Vu CU920 LG Vu Plus LG VX3100 LG VX3300 LG VX3400 LG VX3450 LG VX3450L LG VX4400 LG VX4500 LG VX5200 LG VX5400 LG VX5500 LG VX7000 LG VX8000 LG VX8300 LG VX8350 LG VX8360 LG VX8600 LG VX9800 LG Watch Urbane LG Xenon LG Xpression LG Xpression 2 LG100C LG200C LG225 LG300G LG400G LG501C LG620G LG900G Lucid 3 by LG Lucid by LG Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL MiFi 2200 Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot MiFi 500 LTE by Novatel Wireless Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm Moto 360 Sport Motorola 408 Motorola A1200 Ming Motorola A630 Motorola ACTV Motorola Admiral Motorola Adventure V750 Motorola Atrix 2 Motorola Atrix 4G Motorola Atrix HD Motorola Backflip Motorola Bali Motorola Barrage Motorola Bravo Motorola Brute i680 Motorola Brute i686 Motorola Buzz ic502 Motorola C139 Motorola C168i Motorola Charm Motorola Citrus Motorola CLIQ Motorola CLIQ 2 Motorola CLIQ XT Motorola Clutch i465 Motorola Clutch i475 Motorola Debut i856 Motorola Defy Motorola Defy XT Motorola Devour Motorola Droid Bionic Motorola DROID MAXX Motorola DROID Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Mini Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Droid XYBoard 10.1 Motorola Droid XYBoard 8.2 Motorola E815 Motorola EM326g Motorola EM330 Motorola Entice Motorola Evoke Motorola EX124G Motorola EX431G Motorola Flipout Motorola Flipside Motorola Gallo i296 Motorola Hint Motorola Hint QA30 Motorola i1 Motorola i412 Motorola i530b Motorola i530y Motorola i570 Motorola i576 Motorola i605 Motorola i710 Motorola i776 Motorola i830 Motorola i880 Motorola i886 Motorola i890 Motorola Karma QA1 Motorola Krave ZN4 Motorola KRZR K1 Motorola KRZR K1m Motorola L2 Motorola L6 Motorola Luge Motorola Moto E (1st Gen) Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2014) Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Style (Pure Edition) Motorola MOTORAZR maxx Ve Motorola MOTORAZR VE20 Motorola PEBL Motorola PHOTON 4G Motorola Photon Q Motorola Q9 Global Motorola Q9c Motorola Q9m Motorola Rambler Motorola Rapture VU30 Motorola RAZR V3 Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3i/ V3t/ V3r Motorola RAZR V3m Motorola RAZR V3xx Motorola RAZR2 V9m Motorola Renegade V950 Motorola Renew Motorola Rival Motorola RIZR Z3 Motorola RIZR Z6c Motorola ROKR Motorola ROKR E8 Motorola ROKR U9 Motorola ROKR Z6 Motorola SLVR L7c Motorola Stature i9 Motorola T722i Motorola Theory Motorola Titanium Motorola Triumph Motorola Tundra Motorola V120e Motorola V171 Motorola V180 Motorola V190 Motorola V195 Motorola V220 Motorola V235 Motorola V260 Motorola V325 Motorola V360 Motorola V551 Motorola V600 Motorola V60s Motorola V710 Motorola VE465 Motorola VU204 Motorola W315 Motorola W375g Motorola W380 Motorola W385 Motorola W408g Motorola W409G Motorola W418G Motorola W490 Motorola W755 Motorola XOOM Motorola XOOM 4G LTE Motorola XPRT Motorola Z9 Motorola Zine ZN5 myTouch 4G NEC Terrain Netgear 341U USB Modem Netgear Mingle Mobile Hotspot Netgear Zing Nexbit Robin Nexus S 4G Nexus S from Google Nokia 1208 Nokia 1600 Nokia 1616 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1680 Nokia 2320 Nokia 2330 Nokia 2600 Nokia 2605 Mirage Nokia 2610 Nokia 2630 Nokia 2660 Nokia 2680 Nokia 2720 Nokia 2760 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3555 Nokia 3588i Nokia 3660 Nokia 3711 Nokia 5130 Nokia 5230 Nuron Nokia 5310 XpressMusic Nokia 5610 Nokia 6010 Nokia 6015i Nokia 6030 Nokia 6085 Nokia 6101 Nokia 6102i Nokia 6133 Nokia 6165i Nokia 6205 Nokia 6215i Nokia 6236i Nokia 6263 Nokia 6301 Nokia 6315i Nokia 6350 Nokia 6555 Nokia 6650 Nokia 6800 Nokia 7205 Intrigue Nokia 7510 Nokia 7705 Twist Nokia Astound Nokia C3 Nokia E71 Nokia E71x Nokia E73 Mode Nokia Lumia 1020 Nokia Lumia 1520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia Lumia 521 Nokia Lumia 530 Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 635 Nokia Lumia 710 Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 820 Nokia Lumia 822 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 900 Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia Lumia 925 Nokia Lumia 928 Nokia Lumia Icon Nokia Mural Nokia N1 Nokia N73 Nokia N75 Nokia N95 8GB Nokia NGage Nokia Surge Nokia Twist 7705 Nokia VI-3155 Nokia X2 Novatel EX720 ExpressCard Novatel Merlin C777 Novatel Merlin S620 Novatel MiFi 2200 Novatel MiFi 5580 Novatel Ovation U727 Novatel Ovation U760 Novatel PC770 PCmCIA Novatel S720 Novatel U760 Novatel USB1000 Global Modem Novatel V620 EVDO PC Card Novatel V640 PC/Mac USB Broadband Card Novatel V740 PC/Mac Wireless Broadband Card OnePlus 2 OnePlus One OnePlus X Option Quicksilver USB Modem Overdrive 3G 4G Mobile Hotspot Overdrive Pro 3G/4G Hotspot Palm Centro Palm M500 Palm Pixi Palm Pixi Plus Palm Pre Palm Pre 2 Palm Pre Plus Palm Pro Palm Pro Palm Treo 650 Palm Treo 700p Palm Treo 700w Palm Treo 700wx Palm Treo 755p Palm Treo 800w Palm Treo Pro Pantech Breakout Pantech Breeze Pantech Breeze II Pantech Breeze III Pantech Burst Pantech C120 Pantech C300 Pantech C3b Pantech C610 Pantech Caper Pantech Crossover Pantech Crux Pantech Ease Pantech Hotshot Pantech Impact Pantech Jest 2 Pantech Laser Pantech Link Pantech Link II Pantech Marauder Pantech Matrix Pantech Matrix Pro Pantech Perception Pantech PN-820 Pantech Pocket Pantech Pursuit Pantech Pursuit II Pantech Renue Pantech Reveal Pantech Slate Pantech Swift Pantech UML290 4G USB Modem Pantech UML295 LTE USB Modem PCD Chaser Phone Connect 3 Plum Might Z513 Que 4.5 Que 5.0 REEF RIM BlackBerry 6710 RIM BlackBerry 7100t RIM BlackBerry 7105t RIM BlackBerry 7130e RIM BlackBerry 7230 RIM BlackBerry 8700g Rugged CAT S50 S275G Samsung 4G Mobile Hotspot LC11 Samsung A107 Samsung A117 Samsung A127 Samsung A137 Samsung A167 Samsung A187 Samsung A197 Samsung A237 Samsung A580 Samsung A630 Samsung A637 Samsung A650 Samsung A670 Samsung A777 Samsung A870 Samsung A890 Samsung A930 Samsung A950 Samsung A970 Samsung A990 Samsung Access Samsung Ace i325 Samsung Admire Samsung Alias 2 Samsung Array Samsung ATIV Odyssey Samsung ATIV S Neo Samsung ATIV SE Samsung Beat Samsung Behold Samsung Behold II Samsung BlackJack i607 Samsung BlackJack II i617 Samsung Brightside Samsung Captivate Samsung Captivate Glide Samsung Comeback Samsung Conquer 4G Samsung Continuum Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Convoy Samsung Convoy 2 Samsung Convoy 3 Samsung Craft Samsung D415 Samsung D900 Samsung Dart Samsung Delve Samsung DoubleTime Samsung E105 Samsung E315 Samsung E335 Samsung E635 Samsung E715 Samsung Entro Samsung Epic Samsung Epix Samsung Eternity Samsung Eternity II Samsung Evergreen Samsung Exclaim Samsung Exhibit 4G Samsung Exhibit II 4G Samsung Factor Samsung Fascinate Samsung Flight Samsung Flight II Samsung FlipShot SCH-U900 Samsung Focus Samsung Focus 2 Samsung Focus Flash Samsung Focus S Samsung Freeform Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform M Samsung Galaxy Ace Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace Style Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Appeal Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Avant Samsung Galaxy Centura Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Samsung Galaxy Discover Samsung Galaxy Exhibit Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy J1 LTE Samsung Galaxy Light Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Samsung Galaxy Note II Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Precedent Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Reverb Samsung Galaxy Ring Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro Samsung Galaxy Rush Samsung Galaxy S 4 zoom Samsung Galaxy S 4G Samsung Galaxy S Blaze Samsung Galaxy S II Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy S III Mini Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy Stardust Samsung Galaxy Stellar Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II Samsung Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 16GB Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 32GB Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy View Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gleam U700 Samsung Glyde Samsung GO Netbook Samsung Gravity Samsung Gravity 2 Samsung Gravity 3 Samsung Gravity Q Samsung Gravity SMART Samsung Gravity T Samsung Gravity TXT Samsung Gusto Samsung Gusto 2 Samsung Gusto 3 Samsung Haven Samsung Highlight Samsung Highnote Samsung Hue II Samsung Illusion Samsung Impression Samsung Infuse 4G Samsung Instinct Samsung Instinct HD Samsung Instinct S30 Samsung Intensity Samsung Intensity II Samsung Intensity III Samsung Intercept Samsung Intrepid Samsung IP-830 Samsung IP-A790 Samsung Jack Samsung Juke U470 Samsung Katalyst T739 Samsung Knack U310 Samsung M220 Samsung M240 Samsung M300 Samsung M320 Samsung M330 Samsung M360 Samsung M370 Samsung M400 Samsung M500 Samsung M510 Samsung M520 Samsung M610 Samsung Magnet Samsung Matrix Samsung Memoir Samsung MM-A920 Samsung Moment Samsung Muse Samsung MyShot Samsung Mysto Samsung Mythic Samsung Omnia Samsung Omnia II Samsung PM-A740 Samsung Precedent Samsung Propel Samsung Propel Pro Samsung R225m Samsung R335C Samsung R375C Samsung R451C Samsung R455C Samsung R610 Samsung Rant Samsung Reality Samsung Reclaim Samsung Renown Samsung Replenish Samsung Restore Samsung Rogue Samsung Rugby Samsung Rugby 4 Samsung Rugby II Samsung Rugby Smart Samsung S275G Samsung S380C Samsung S390G Samsung S425G Samsung Saga Samsung SCH-i600 Samsung SCH-i730 Samsung SCH-U340 Samsung SCH-U540 Samsung SCH-U620 Samsung SCH-U740 Samsung Seek Samsung SGH-T199 Samsung Smiley Samsung Smooth Samsung Solstice Samsung Solstice II Samsung SP-i600 Samsung Spex r210 Samsung SPH-i700 Samsung Stratosphere Samsung Stripe T329 Samsung Strive Samsung Sunburst Samsung Sway Samsung T109 Samsung T119 Samsung T139 Samsung T159 Samsung T201G Samsung T209 Samsung T219 Samsung T229 Samsung T239 Samsung T249 Samsung t259 Samsung T309 Samsung T319 Samsung T339 Samsung T349 Samsung T369 Samsung T401G Samsung T404G Samsung T439 Samsung T509 Samsung T519 Trace Samsung T528G Samsung T609 Samsung T619 Samsung T629 Samsung T639 Samsung t659 Samsung T719 Samsung T809 Samsung T819 Samsung Trance Samsung Transform Samsung Transform Ultra Samsung Trender Samsung U430 Samsung U450 Samsung U550 Samsung Upstage M620 Samsung VI660 Samsung Vibrant Samsung X427M Samsung X495 Samsung Z400 Samsung Z700 Samsung Zeal Sanyo 7050 Sanyo 8400 Sanyo Incognito Sanyo Innuendo Sanyo Innuendo by Kyocera Sanyo Katana Sanyo Katana DLX Sanyo Katana Eclipse Sanyo Katana Eclipse X Sanyo Katana II Sanyo Katana LX Sanyo M1 Sanyo MM-8300 Sanyo PRO-200 Sanyo PRO-700 Sanyo S1 Sanyo SCP-2400 Sanyo SCP-2700 Sanyo SCP-3100 Sanyo SCP-3200 Sanyo SCP-3810 Sanyo Taho by Kyocera Sanyo Vero by Kyocera Sanyo Zio Saygus V2 Sharp Aquos Crystal Sharp FX Sharp FX PLUS Siemens CF62T Sierra 598 USB Modem Sierra USB Lightning 305 Sierra Wireless 4G LTE Tri-Fi Hotspot Sierra Wireless AC595 PCMCIA Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595U USB PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597 ExpressCard PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AirCard 402 Sierra Wireless Compass 597 USB Modem SKY 4.0 Sky 5.0L Sonim XP STRIKE Sonim XP6 Sony C1904 Xperia M Sony Ericsson Equinox Sony Ericsson GC79 Cellular and WiFi PC Card Sony Ericsson GC89 PCMCIA PC Cell WiFi Card Sony Ericsson J220a Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson T290a Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson TM506 Sony Ericsson W580i Sony Ericsson W810i Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Sony Ericsson Z300 Sony Ericsson Z310a Sony Ericsson Z750a Sony Ericsson Z780 Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia M Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia PLAY 4G Sony Xperia T3 LTE Sony Xperia X10 Sony Xperia Z Sony Xperia Z1S Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Spectrum 2 by LG Spectrum by LG Sprint 3G 4G U600 USB Modem Sprint 3G/4G Plug-in Connect USB Sprint 3G|4G USB 250U Sprint Flash Sprint Force Sprint LivePro Sprint Phone Connect 2 Sprint Plug-in-Connect Trimode Sprint Pocket WiFi Sprint PPC 6700 Sprint Vital Sprint WeGo T-Mobile 4G LTE HotSpot Z915 T-Mobile 4G Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile 665 T-Mobile 768 T-Mobile Comet T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord II T-Mobile Dash T-Mobile Dash 3G T-Mobile G-Slate with Google T-Mobile G1 T-Mobile G2 T-Mobile G2x T-Mobile Jet 2.0 4G Stick T-Mobile MDA T-Mobile myTouch T-Mobile myTouch 3G T-Mobile myTouch 3G Slide T-Mobile myTouch 4G T-Mobile myTouch 4G Slide T-Mobile myTouch by LG T-Mobile myTouch Q T-Mobile myTouch Q by LG T-Mobile Prism T-Mobile Prism II T-Mobile Rocket 3.0 4G Laptop T-Mobile SDA T-Mobile Shadow T-Mobile Sidekick T-Mobile Sidekick 3 T-Mobile Sidekick 4G T-Mobile Sidekick iD T-Mobile Sidekick II T-Mobile Sidekick LX T-Mobile Sidekick Slide T-Mobile Sonic 4G T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Sparq II T-Mobile Tap T-Mobile webConnect Jet USB T-Mobile webConnect USB T-Mobile Wing Turing Phone UNIMAX MAXBravo Unimax MXE-675 UT Starcom PC-5740 UTStarcom Blitz UTStarcom CDM-8945 UTStarcom CDM-8975 UTStarcom Coupe UTStarcom PC5750 PCMCIA PC Broadband Card UTStarcom SMT5800 UTStarcom UM150 USB Modem UTStarcom UM175 USB UTStarcom XV6800 Pocket PC Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice Verizon 4G LTE MiFi 4510L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem UML295 Verizon AD3700 Global USB Verizon Adamant Verizon Blitz Verizon CDM8950 Verizon CDM8975 Verizon Ellipsis 8 Verizon Ellipsis Jetpack MHS800L Verizon Escapade Verizon GzOne Boulder Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 4620L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 5510L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi MHS291L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot 890L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot Verizon Jetpack MiFi 6620L Verizon Razzle Verizon SMT5800 Verizon UM175 USB Data Modem Verizon UMW190 Global USB Verizon USB760 Modem Verizon VX6900 Verizon Wireless Fivespot Global Ready 3G Mobile Hotspot Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect Verizon Wireless Salute Verizon Wireless Turbine 7.0 Verizon Wireless USB551L Virgin Mobile Awe webConnect Rocket HSPA+ Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Xperia ion by Sony YotaPhone 2 ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Aspect ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Axon Pro ZTE Boost Max+ ZTE Compel ZTE Concord II ZTE Force ZTE Fury ZTE Grand S3 ZTE Grand X Max+ ZTE Illustra ZTE Majesty ZTE Maven ZTE Merit ZTE Midnight ZTE Nubia 5S Mini ZTE Optik ZTE Overture 2 ZTE Prestige ZTE Quartz ZTE Rapido LTE ZTE Savvy ZTE Score M ZTE Solar ZTE Speed ZTE Supreme ZTE Unico LTE ZTE Valet ZTE Vital ZTE Warp ZTE Warp Elite ZTE Warp Sequent ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Whirl ZTE Z432 ZTE Z667 ZTE Zephyr ZTE Zinger ZTE ZMAX ZTE ZMAX 2 AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T Mobile Share 10GB AT&T Mobile Share 15GB AT&T Mobile Share 1GB AT&T Mobile Share 20GB AT&T Mobile Share 2GB AT&T Mobile Share 300MB AT&T Mobile Share 40GB AT&T Mobile Share 4GB AT&T Mobile Share 50GB AT&T Mobile Share 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB Boost Mobile BlackBerry Monthly Unlimited Boost Mobile Data Boost Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Plan with Shrinking Payments Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Select Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited with Growing Data CREDO Mobile 10GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 15GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 1GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 2GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 3GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 4GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 6GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 8GB Shared Data Plan FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 500MB GIV Mobile The 20 Plan GIV Mobile The 25 Plan GIV Mobile The 30 Plan GIV Mobile The 40 Plan GIV Mobile The 60 Plan MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Family (2+ Lines) Republic Refund Plan with 0.5 GB Republic Refund Plan with 1 GB Republic Refund Plan with 2 GB Republic Refund Plan with 3 GB Republic Refund Plan with 4 GB Republic Refund Plan with 5 GB Republic Wireless $10 Plan Republic Wireless $25 Plan Republic Wireless $40 Plan Republic Wireless $5 Plan (WiFi Only) Republic Wireless Base Plan ROK Mobile Ultimate Unlimited Scratch Wireless Free Plan Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $1.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $14.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $6.99 Voice Pass Solavei Prepaid Unlimited Sprint $60 Unlimited Plan Sprint All-In Wireless Smartphone + Unlimited Sprint Family Share Pack 10GB Sprint Family Share Pack 12GB Sprint Family Share Pack 16GB Sprint Family Share Pack 1GB Sprint Family Share Pack 20GB Sprint Family Share Pack 2GB Sprint Family Share Pack 32GB Sprint Family Share Pack 40GB Sprint Family Share Pack 4GB Sprint Family Share Pack 60GB Sprint Family Share Pack 8GB Sprint Prepaid $60 Unlimited Talk, Text & Data Sprint Prepaid Unlimited Voice and Texting Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Sprint Unlimited My All-In Sprint Unlimited My Way Sprint Unlimited My Way Family Straight Talk All You Need Straight Talk Unlimited T-Mobile Simple Choice T-Mobile Simple Choice Family (Includes 2+ Lines) T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan T-Mobile Simply Prepaid T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text TextNow Wireless Grande Plan TextNow Wireless Quattro Plan TextNow Wireless Tall Plan TextNow Wireless Venti Plan The Verizon Plan - 100GB The Verizon Plan - 20GB The Verizon Plan - 25GB The Verizon Plan - 30GB The Verizon Plan - 40GB The Verizon Plan - 50GB The Verizon Plan - 60GB The Verizon Plan - 80GB The Verizon Plan - L The Verizon Plan - M The Verizon Plan - S The Verizon Plan - XL The Verizon Plan - XXL Ting L Plan Ting M Plan Ting S Plan Ting XL Plan TracFone 120 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 200 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 450 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan US Mobile 100 Mins Talk US Mobile 1000 Mins Talk US Mobile 2000 Mins Talk US Mobile 250 Mins Talk US Mobile 500 Mins Talk Verizon 100GB More Everything Verizon 10GB More Everything Verizon 14GB More Everything Verizon 15GB More Everything Verizon 16GB More Everything Verizon 20GB More Everything Verizon 2GB More Everything Verizon 30GB More Everything Verizon 40GB More Everything Verizon 4GB More Everything Verizon 500MB More Everything Verizon 50GB More Everything Verizon 60GB More Everything Verizon 80GB More Everything Verizon 8GB More Everything Verizon Prepaid Smartphone Plan Verizon Wireless Smartphone Single Line Plan Virgin Mobile payLo 1500 Talk & Text Virgin Mobile payLo 400 Minutes Virgin Mobile payLo Unlimited Talk & Text Virgin Mobile Unlimited + International + Extra Virgin Mobile Unlimited + More Data Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything + International Number of Lines - Any - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Minutes Unlimited Messages: 500 Data Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below. - Any -05KB50MB30MB100MB150MB200MB250MB300MB400MB500MB600MB700MB800MB900MB1GB1.5GB2GB2.5GB3GB4GB5GB6GB7GB8GB10GB12GB14GB15GB16GB18GB20GB25GB30GB32GB35GB40GB50GB60GB80GB100GB120GBUnlimited - Plans Home Phone Savings Pay Less on Home Phone Service popular topics Review: An AirPods review from an audiophile's perspective4 Survey says the iPhone is the most popular gift on 2016 Christmas holiday wish lists1 Hands-on: First impression with AirPods1 Apple to exclusively use Samsung AMOLED panels for its 5.8-inch iPhone next year1 KGI: 2017 iPhone will likely have glass front and back, stainless steel on premium models2 Due to piracy concerns, Super Mario Run will require an internet connection at all times to play1 Apple publishes first research paper focused on AI and advanced image recognition1 Report: AirPods manufacturing to ramp up to meet strong demand1 PhoneDog Sony Xperia X receives Android 7.1.1 through Concept program ASUS ZenFone AR leaks out as new Google Tango phone with Snapdragon 821 Samsung's new Galaxy A (2017) phones have glass backs and octa-core processors ASUS teases new ZenFone with 'world's best processor' Cell Phone Deals January 2017 Digest What's in my Bag CES 2017! VR is fun, but it's not quite "there" yet Android And Me ASUS ZenFone AR leaks reveal new Google ASUS says ‘world’s best processor’ Samsung updates Galaxy A series with Top 5 most popular Android apps from OnePlus delivering Nougat to OnePlus Sprint discounting LG V20 by 50% until Top 10 Android app updates this week: TmoNews T-Mobile band 12 LTE spotted in Kentucky, T-Mobile shares end-of-year network Upcoming T-Mobile Tuesdays is focused T-Mobile will begin pushing update to OnePlus 2 getting OxygenOS 3.5.5 update Next week’s T-Mobile Tuesdays gifts T-Mobile kicks off buy one, get one PhoneDog is one of the largest and most popular interactive mobile news and reviews resource that attracts a community of more than 2.5 million unique visitors each month. The site may have a "cute" name, but it offers up serious editorial content and video reviews that users rely on to make important decisions about their next mobile purchases. PhoneDog Media Family PhoneDog - Cell phone news Android And Me - Google & Android TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog TodaysiPhone - iPhone News & Rumors Company About us In the press Advertising info Jobs & careers Terms of Use Privacy policy Popular iPad iTunes App Reviews Accessory Reviews Research & Shop Buying guide Phone finder Compare plans Phone specials Long distance © 2001-2016 PhoneDog, LLC. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All rights reserved.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists World News Home You mag Event Books Food Promos Mail Shop Bingo Blogs IPhone App Property Motoring My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad 'Star kids crave for a normal life': Sonakshi Sinha peeks into Aishwarya Dhanush's memoir Standing On An Apple Box Aishwarya Dhanush is daughter of Tamil superstar Rajinikanth Her debut novel is 'Sitting On An Apple Box' The  novel is about a person who constantly battles to fight for privacy amid fame The book launch event was attended by Sonakshi Sinha and Karan Johar See more news from India at www.dailymail.co.uk/indiahome By Mail Today Bureau Published: 19:08 EST, 17 December 2016 | Updated: 19:09 EST, 17 December 2016 e-mail View comments The occasion was the grand launch of Aishwarya Dhanush's debut book, but Sonakshi Sinha hijacked most of the limelight cutting a picture of cutesy casual chic. Tamil superstar Rajinikanth's daughter Aishwarya has authored her first book, a memoir named 'Standing On An Apple Box'. Along with Sonakshi, filmmaker Karan Johar also graced the occasion.  Sonakshi cut a cutesy picture at the launch of Aishwarya's memoir named 'Standing On An Apple Box' Looking pretty in a chequered micro mini teamed with a simple white shirt, ankle boots and minimal make-up, Sonakshi had the shutterbugs working overtime from the moment she entered the venue.  It was perhaps the mad rush that erupted around her that Sonakshi was referring to while talking to the media later, when she said that most star kids long for regular life and space.  'Star child craves for normalcy because they are always surrounded by chaos. I've had a lovely childhood except for the parts when I was thrown into the limelight unexpectedly or given more attention than I craved for,' said Sonakshi, who had the limelight glare constantly thrown on her, growing up as Shatrughan Sinha's daughter.  Aishwarya arrived at the venue looking resplendent in bright red, with minimum jewellery and beige footwear augmenting the impact of her designer ensemble.  She pointed out that her attempt as an author was to present her life story in the form of personal extracts taken from one's diary.  Karan Johar, Aishwarya and Sonakshi Sinha at the launch of the book   She wanted the overall effort to seem simplistic, a reason why she chose to publish to the first draft of her effort, she added.  Sonakshi's presence at Aishwarya's book launch would seem apt. Being Rajini's daughter meant Aishwarya, too, grew up amid the dazzle of media hype.  Aishwarya, who is married to Shamitabh actor Dhanush, is a trained Bharanatyam dancer and terms writing as a passion in her life.  The foreword of Aishwarya's book has been penned by Shweta Bachchan, another superstar kid. She was recently appointed United Nations' ambassador for gender equality and women's empowerment in India.  Aishwarya is also a Tamil filmmaker and has sung in few occasional films, too.  In 'Sitting On An Apple Box,' she has tried looking at life as a person who constantly battles to fight for privacy amid the fame that comes with donning so many hats.  Incidentally, the foreword of Aishwarya's book has been penned by Shweta Bachchan, another superstar kid.  In her note at the start of the book, Shweta has noted the good and bad personal experiences of growing up as Amitabh Bachchan's child.  After this debut stint as author, Aishwarya will co-direct a new film with sister Soundarya.  Sonakshi will next be seen essaying the title role in Sunhil Sippy's Noor while Johar spoke of how the fifth season of his talk show Koffee With Karan has been an enjoyable experience. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Will Kabali live up to the hype? Superstar Rajinikanth's... Acting legend Rajinikanth and Baywatch star Priyanka Chopra... Share this article Share   Read more: India News - Latest Headlines, Pictures and Videos | Daily Mail Online Share or comment on this article e-mail Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search     DON'T MISS Jack Branning is left devastated on EastEnders after discovering wife Ronnie has drowned... as fans are left in tears by the Mitchell sisters' death  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Angelina Jolie takes sweet twins Vivienne and Knox and daughter Shiloh for ice cream during Colorado ski trip... without Brad Susanna Reid, 46, is flooded with compliments as she bravely posts barefaced 'blemishes, lines and flaws' selfie next to filtered make-up snap Are you wheel-y sure you want to do that, Wiggo? Bradley Wiggins signs up for The Jump... days after retiring from professional cycling Hope he's insured Daisy Lowe looks scorching in a pale pink cutaway bikini as she flaunts her Strictly weight loss on Miami beach Looks stunning Daisy Lowe shows off her kooky sense of style on holiday as she pairs a skimpy white bikini with trainers She seemed in particularly high spirits 'I lost half a stone in two weeks eating M&S ready meals!' We challenged two women to try what might be the easiest diet EVER! SPONSORED Bella Thorne flaunts pert derriere in a tiny bikini on holiday in the Bahamas... and even covers herself in body glitter Absolutely stunning 'Losing a child never leaves you': Kym Marsh admits Corrie stillbirth was 'heartbreaking' eight years after losing own baby - as she poses with daughter Polly, five 'He's not bothered': Michelle Keegan insists husband Mark Wright is unfazed by steamy sex scenes... after admitting they 'talk through' her roles Can Mel and Sue keep Ant and Dec from 16th TV Presenter of the Year gong? Departing Bake Off favourites leave on a high as they lead National Television Awards nominations PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Angelina Jolie hits the slopes with her kids during Colorado ski trip... as she enjoys NYE getaway in wake of Brad Pitt split  Doutzen Kroes displays model figure in cropped top and tiny shorts while hitting beach in Miami with family Looking ssssexy! TOWIE's Kate Wright shows off her eye-popping assets in snakeskin swimsuit as she continues to wow during Dubai break 'The hard grafting has paid off'! MIC's Louise Thompson poses in a nude bikini... before being launched into the air by her burly beau Ryan in the Maldives PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Wild thing Daisy Lowe wears her leopard-print bra to the beach as she cosies up to handsome mystery man on the beach in Miami Weed belong together: Mariah Carey spotted heading into a marijuana dispensary on Christmas Eve, just one week before her Times Square meltdown  Trouble in paradise? Nicole Kidman and Keith Urban 'had a red carpet argument' at her Lion premiere in Sydney just days before dancing up a storm on stage on NYE Rich Kids of Instagram's Lana Scolaro loses her bikini top on sunshine break in St Barts... after shooting to fame with THAT Robin Thicke snap EastEnders star Samantha Womack sparks Twitter frenzy as she tweets about enjoying a swim... just hours after her character drowned  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Shirtless former Strictly pro Gleb Savchenko displays his rippling abs as he packs on the PDA with wife Elena on Miami beach 'I'm gonna smash it!' Lauren Goodger slips into lingerie for pre-weight loss selfie before filming derriere during workout... as she vows to regain her 'big butt' in 2017 Kourtney Kardashian and Scott Disick put on a united front in Aspen as they pose on their private jet They split up in summer 2015 'Need a decorator's number?' Little Mix's Jesy Nelson is inundated with interior advice from fans after they're left shocked by her Instagram snap Wat-son your screen, Dr? Sherlock viewers left scratching their heads by epic blunder... as series return draws in best audience of New Year's Day Full of 1940s intrigue and sex, Halcyon is Downton if the butler had an evil streak! As ITV unveils its wartime blockbuster, our critic CHRISTOPHER STEVENS is gripped Downton Abbey in a hotel - with jazz, Nazis, and a less handsome Night Manager who stuck to his day job... The Halcyon was not a place you'd want to stay, by JIM SHELLEY X Factor runner-up Rebecca Ferguson 'graciously accepts' invitation to sing at  inauguration of Donald Trump... if she can perform track protesting against racism The pathologist's corpses were more lifelike than this twaddle: Christopher Stevens reviews last night's TV  Always looks like she's on her way to an awards Fit couple! Mark Wahlberg shows off sculpted body while wife Rhea Durham is red hot in bikini on holiday in Barbados Super buff Still on! Jennifer Lawrence, 26, enjoys romantic New Year's Eve stroll with boyfriend Darren Aronofsky, 47 Looked like a picture-perfect couple Lizzie Cundy, 46, negotiates risqué red swimsuit while throwing herself enthusiastically into beachside ball games during Maldives getaway Star in stripes: Natalie Portman keeps it comfortable in patterned top and hoodie while on morning walk in LA Appeared quite far along as she stepped out Strictly's Janette Manrara flaunts taut physique in skimpy pink bikini as she joins co-star fiancé Alja korjanec and his ex-dance partner Daisy Lowe on Miami beach Burr-illiant! Vlogger Tanya debuts new bob and shows off enviable curves in animal print swimsuit during idyllic holiday in the Maldives Lucky woman 'It was definitely the most traumatic year of my life': Charlotte Crosby reveals she is glad 2016 is over... after ectopic pregnancy and split from Gaz Beadle Calum Best touches down in London ahead of rumoured Celebrity Big Brother stint... where he is set to reunite with former flame Bianca Gascoigne The look of love! Margot Robbie beams as she arrives back in LA with new husband Tom Ackerley... after tying the knot in secret ceremony in Australia Newly-engaged Serena Williams flashes her ring as she steps out with her Reddit co-founder fiance Alexis Ohanian in New Zealand Proposed last week All tied up! TOWIE;s Kate Wright sizzles in plunging bondage inspired khaki bikini as she soaks up the sun in Dubai  On a girls' break  Avert your eyes! Braless Lisa Appleton, 48, leaves NOTHING to the imagination in raunchy lace dress during wild night out in Manchester Nicola McLean, Spencer Pratt and Stevi Ritchie arrive at their hotel as they prepare to make their Celebrity Big Brother return for all star series Izabel Goulart flaunts her supermodel figure in TINY crochet bikini as she frolics on the beach in St Barts  Every inch the Brazilian bombshell  Bonding time! Nicola Peltz rocks a black bikini as she hugs her brother Will on family holiday together In an idyllic Instagram photo Margot Robbie stuns in a leopard print one piece as she cosies up to new husband Tom Ackerley at the beach with friends... after secretly tying the knot Newly-single Katie Waissel hits Miami beach with another male pal in Miami... weeks after splitting from second husband Brian Moote Keeping her on her toes! Chrissy Teigen shows off legs in LBD as she does impressive plié while carrying baby Luna Impressive skills Pregnant Rochelle Humes flaunts her blossoming baby bump in chic black swimsuit in the Maldives before sharing a bath with daughter Alaia-Mai 'Time to start a new year being happy, healthy and ambitious': Katie Price praises husband Keiran Hayler and kids as she vows to give up alcohol Love's young dream: Elle Fanning enjoys giggly lunch date with boyfriend Dylan Beck The 18-year-old couldn't control her laughter while in a black jumpsuit MIC's Frankie Gaff shares racy belfie as she and Jamie Laing pack on the PDA during break in Dubai... leaving their relationship woes firmly behind them 'Private pool suits me just fine!' Ashley Graham shows off her hourglass curves in racy white swimsuit as she takes a dip in the Seychelles Susan Sarandon's daughter Eva Amurri Martino reveals baby son suffered a cracked skull after a night nurse dropped him Now battling depression New year, new nails! Tobey Maguire's ex Jennifer Meyer makes manicure her priority at start of 2017 She dressed in ripped jeans Billie Lourd breaks her silence with moving tribute to mother Carrie Fisher and grandmother Debbie Reynolds The 24-year-old actress posted a picture Sara Sampaio flaunts her trim figure and pert posterior in pretty print swimsuit as she enjoys a sunbathing session on Mexican holiday Positively heaven sent  Ronnie and Roxy Mitchell suffer ANOTHER grisly fate in alternate ending for EastEnders New Year episode... after fans praise the duo's exit  Stella McCartney covers up in a floaty kaftan as she enjoys romantic beach stroll with husband Alasdhair Willis in St Barts Festive family trip  Fifi Box's ex Grant Kenny 'devastated' after the actress 'spends the night' with her Neighbours co-star and new love Damien Richardson  Reunited! Julianne Hough goes makeup free in an adorable family selfie with fiancé Brooks Laich and their fur babies Lexi and Harley Bianca Gascoigne shows off her ample assets in orange sequin bikini as she hits the water in sunny Mexico ahead of her Celebrity Big Brother debut Rebecca Romijn flaunts rock hard abs at 44 while on holiday with husband Jerry O'Connell and twin daughters Rebecca Romijn had no problems showing it off 'He said I was a lousy lay': A victim of Tony Curtis's vile gossip, in her own words, how screen legend DEBBIE REYNOLDS was abused in Hollywood   Happy New Rear! Danielle Lloyd showcases her toned curves in a red-hot swimsuit as she soaks up some winter sun in Dubai Rooney prostitute Jenny Thompson flaunts her legs in red playsuit as fellow EOTB newbie Zara Jackson gets racy in lace on a night out in Manchester She's red hot! Gwen Stefani unveiled as new face of Revlon  Her trademark bright red lipstick was in evidence as she was named brand ambassador Gemma Oaten displays her taut abs in steamy New Year's underwear selfie as she puts dramatic romance with presenter Nick Knowles behind her Two weeks to go! Sasha and Malia return from Hawaii with their parents after their last family vacation aboard Air Force One Saw his grandad's grave Taking a gamble on love? Jennifer Lopez and Drake hit high-roller tables in Vegas together after she supports him at NYE gig At MGM Grand casino Celebrity Big Brother tipped to be the 'sexiest yet' as show bosses make smaller beds to 'encourage intimacy' between housemates Starts this week Down she goes! Josie Gibson winces in pain as she takes a tumble on her skis during practice session for new series of injury-stricken show The Jump Pregnant Ciara posts cute photos of her baby bump as she rings in 2017 with her growing family Expecting her second child  Coffee date! Vanessa Hudgens rocks cropped sweater and extremely tight trousers during outing with boyfriend Austin Butler Both in Studio City  'He really wanted to be in the movie': Robin Williams was turned down for iconic Hagrid role in Harry Potter franchise because he wasn't British Unlikely pals Tallia Storm, 18, and Chris Evans, 50, enjoy beach day as they see in the New Year with their families in Barbados Firm friendship Patrick Schwarzenegger hits pool as he takes girlfriend Abby Champion on family holiday in Mexico with Maria Shriver Dick Clark Productions slams Mariah Carey's accusations of sabotage as 'frankly absurd' after diva's epic lip syncing meltdown she blamed on faulty earpiece  'The loneliness became desperate': Kate Bush describes 'cruel' bullying during her teenage years at Catholic girls' school in newly resurfaced essay Hilary Duff parades her toned pins in skimpy bikini bottoms as she tries her hand at surfing during New Year's break to Hawaii Surf's up New year, old pals! Jonah Hill and Michael Cera enjoy low-key Superbad reunion ten years on  Enjoyed a stroll in SoHo district of Manhattan Bernie Ecclestone, 86, and wife Fabiana Flosi, 38, explore Gstaad as they ring in the New Year with the family in Switzerland Winter wonderland  Frances Bean Cobain's battle to get ex to return her late father Kurt Cobain's priceless guitar is heading for a multi-million dollar court case Just another day in paradise! MIC's Louise Thompson and Ryan Libbey show off toned beach bodies as they enjoy a snorkel trip in the Maldives 'I'm heartbroken': Fans devastated by Sherlock episode as Amanda Abbington takes a bullet after her real-life split from on-screen husband Martin Freeman Conor McGregor looks sharp in suit at sister Aoife's wedding in Ireland... as the UFC superstar continues to enjoy his break from the octagon Nude ambition! Kady McDermott goes underwear-free in slinky salmon dress as she attends Love Island party with leggy Rachel Fenton Billie Piper goes incognito in oversized denim jacket during casual stroll in London... as ex-husband Laurence Fox talks first Christmas alone Newly-single Katie Waissel cosies up to a mystery man in Miami... weeks after splitting from second husband Brian Moote Marriage lasted a year 'Jumping into 2017 like': Karlie Kloss bares flat midriff in bikini as she leaps into the Caribbean In the celebrity haven on St Barths Feeling fruity! Lucy Watson shows off her Barbados tan in a mismatched bikini as she kicks back on inflatable pineapple with shirtless beau James Lauren Goodger parties with jailbird boyfriend's sister for New Year's Eve as she vows to quit booze for a month Getting close to 'in-laws' In the swim! Naomi Watts enjoys the warm waters off Cancun with sons during New Year's family getaway The actress, 48, donned a turquoise swimsuit 'Guess you f****d my missus!' Jeremy McConnell accused of sleeping with a fan's girlfriend... as pregnant ex Stephanie Davis prepares for due date That's what girlfriends are for! Katie Salmon helps new squeeze Dani avoid an embarrassing nip slip as they put on a loved-up display in Manchester Georgia May Jagger rocks wild leopard print lingerie and sparkling bling as she writhes around in bed for LOVE's Video Advent A walk on the wild side  Hilary Duff shows off her toned torso in a bikini as she larks around with son Luca in the Hawaii surf The tot held his famous mother's hand CHRISTOPHER STEVENS: Sherlock's now so clever-clever, it's stupid  The Mail's critic pans the New Year's Day special and awards it one star 'It's not a set thing': Ben Affleck won't direct his Batman standalone if it doesn't come together to his liking The 44-year-old actor is picky about his projects Glowing Holly Willoughby looks sun-kissed as she enjoys romantic beach stroll with shirtless husband Dan Baldwin in Barbados She sings! Gisele Bundchen performs sweet track while strumming the guitar by pool in new video Clearly a woman of many talents  Ex On The Beach's Jemma Lucy flashes her pert derriere in skimpy purple T-shirt... after going totally NAKED in saucy sunbed selfie Making resolutions! Rob Kardashian works up a sweat on a two-hour trek with Blac Chyna... days after health scare left him hospitalised George Michael's lover Fadi Fawaz reveals the singer died alone after he slept in his car and denies posting tweets saying star had tried to kill himself many times  Newly single Bella Thorne enjoys NYE smooch with model pal Kyra Santoro as she rings in 2017 with her girlfriends in the Bahamas Lea Michele lays her naked ambition bare as she poses for racy New Year snap Completely nude except for an animated frond pasted over her derrière Now that's one way to RING in the New Year! Ashley Greene flaunts her engagement bling as she celebrates 2017 in Sydney with new fiancé Paul Khoury Lisa Snowdon, 44, showcases her ample assets as she slips into a plunging blue bikini in saucy throwback snap from Down Under Bikini babe  'Get your happy a**es home!': Kim Zolciak misses daughter Brielle Biermann and beau Michael Kopech as they enjoy getaway in Niagara Falls Shameless actress Tina Malone calls in police after abuse from Twitter trolls body-shaming her for weight loss Shameless star 'upset' 'The best way to start 2017': Jessica Alba soaks up the sun in a bikini as she and her daughters celebrate the New Year on Hawaiian beach Meghan the budding star: Actress poses for series of publicity photos after landing a role in daytime TV show 13 years before she met Prince Harry  'Stand strong and move forward!' Nicole Scherzinger flaunts her phenomenal bikini body as she shares her New Year's resolve from Hawaii 'Men think they are there for pleasure': Alicia Douvall says her bum implants have ruined her sex life... and is undecided about ditching leaking lifts Jeremy Clarkson's VERY racy party girls: Grand Tour star is pictured with a host of society's most eligible women at New Year's Eve party  Lizzie Cundy, 46, shows off her tanned and toned figure in sizzling cut-out monokini as she hits the beach during idyllic Maldives getaway Mariah Carey kisses Bryan Tanaka in preview clip of reality show after he pops out of cake and gives lap dance Preview of her new show Ashley James flaunts her enviably toned abs in series of sizzling skimpy bikinis as she soaks up the sun during exotic break in Gambia Iconic duo Ronnie and Roxy Mitchell meet 'sad but beautiful' end on EastEnders as they drown in New Year's Day special Fans praised acting Tired of the beach? Covered up Ashley Olsen, 30, caresses shirtless beau Richard Sachs, 58, during trail hike in St. Barts This is the life 'Boy crazy!' Ellen Pompeo cradles her newborn son Eli as she dances around her kitchen Became a mum for the third time in December Steps girls Claire Richards, Faye Tozer and Lisa Scott Lee amp up the glamour in glittering ensembles as the band reunite for NYE gig at London's G-A-Y 'Happiest New Year!' Bella Hadid shares selfie blowing on party horn as she rings in 2017 with Kendall Jenner and Jordyn Woods 'Sad when bae leaves': Ariel Winter, 18, pouts over absent Levi Meaden,29... after ringing in New Year with a kiss Sulky Snapchat  Would you dare to wear a FIDDLER CAP? Bella Hadid signals that the formerly naff accessory is making an unlikely comeback for 2017  'Counting my blessings': Karlie Kloss winks as she shows off her famous figure in black bikini in St Barts Showing off her model body Rogue One takes $64M over New Year weekend to become the US's second highest grossing film of 2016... as Disney sweeps year-end top three Chip off the old block! Brooklyn Beckham theatrically dives from boat as holiday break in Maldives continues He's got skills! 'Bodies of every size': Lena Dunham bares cleavage in lingerie for New Year's Day photo-shoot Sending a message with racy shot 'Partner in life!' Rachel Zoe and Rodger Berman share NYE kiss as they celebrate 25 years together Midnight smooch They tied the knot! UnREAL cco-stars Johanna Braddy and Freddie Stroma start 2017 as newlyweds They had been dating since meeting in 2015 'Nose problems': Marco Pierre White Jr shares second horrifying nosebleed in days on Snapchat... after hinting they were caused by drug use If you've got it... Chloe Ferry flashes her derriere as she joins the scantily-clad Geordie Shore girls for raucous NYE pool party at Charlotte Crosby's lavish mansion Hard day's twerk! Bella Thorne dances on the back of a truck in the Bahamas Spent a bit of New Year's Day twerking on a stationary truck  'I love my man!' Jessica Simpson shares sultry couple shot with husband Eric Johnson New Year, same handsome beau Bod Jovi! Shirtless Jon Bon Jovi, 54, shows off his impressive physique as he goes for a dip in St Barths It seems he has looked good, always '1st selfie of the new year!' Ciara shares a picture of her growing bump as she supports her man at NFL game Nw baby on the way in 2017 Andrew Garfield cheers on the Los Angeles Lakers courtside as awards season looms for Hacksaw Ridge star Sports fan Victoria's Secret stunner Bridget Malcolm flashes underboob as she poses TOPLESS on a disco ball to celebrate 2017 in sexy Playboy shoot 'I wish everyone this kind of love!' Kelly Clarkson plants a kiss on son Remington for New Year's greeting Gave birth on April 12, 2016 'They're perky!': Cynthia Bailey takes RHOA castmates to her breast exam... and lets them squeeze her implants Could never be accused of being shy  Check out My Lean physique! Busty Myleene Klass flaunts her famed bikini body in TINY two-piece during festive family Sri Lanka trip She looked incredible Trying to impress? Ansel Elgort enjoys a shirtless workout... as girlfriend Violetta Komyshan looks on Enjoyed a productive New Year's Day Party time! Kendall Jenner steps out in black negligee while Hailey Baldwin stuns in white mini dress as the pals celebrate New Year's Eve in Hollywood Revealed: Jennifer Lopez quietly turned up to support her new beau Drake at his NYE show in Las Vegas The 47-year-old showed her support Living it up! Jamie Foxx welcomes the new year with a boy's night in Miami Hit 1 Hotel in the South Beach neighbourhood  'This isn't a baby, it's just food': Newly-slim Scarlett Moffatt says friends asked if she was PREGNANT at her heaviest... as she admits she couldn't bare to look at herself naked Jeremy McConnell kisses mystery blonde in steamy NYE clinch... days before anniversary of CBB romance with pregnant ex Stephanie Davis Norman Cook returns home from NYE gig in Italy after a lonely Christmas following split from Zoe Ball... while she celebrates six months of sobriety Louis Tomlinson's ex Briana Jungwirth coos over their giggling son Freddie in old family videos... as she reveals that their baby has taken his first steps Make-up free Chloe Khan shows off natural beauty as well as her famously enhanced assets in racy swimsuit selfie at luxurious London spa Kordell Stewart sends ex Porsha Williams a cease and desist letter after nude video of him is leaked on internet The former NFL star has threatened legal action 'It was like when we first got together': Sherlock's Amanda Abbington admits it was 'weird' revisiting parenting onscreen with now ex Martin Freeman James Corden's wife Julia Carey showcases her incredible physique in chic scalloped swimsuit as they enjoy Barbados sun on festive family jaunt Men only! Geordie Shore's Ricci has BANNED GIRLS from his Instagam account to avoid 'celeb hungry' dates Good luck stalking him! Well, one has to start somewhere! Crown star Claire Foy is seen starring in BBC soap Doctors in her first TV role Got a bit part in 2008 A dip in the (Car)pool! Doting daddy James Corden larks around with son Max on Barbados shore during idyllic New Year getaway A sweet display 'Sun always shines on the righteous': Ring-free Katie Waissel takes thinly-veiled swipe at 'second ex-husband Brian after split' as she turns to CBB co-star Renee Graziano in Miami 'I want my body back!' Vicky Pattison shares titillating swimsuit selfie as she vows to kick 10lbs and cut back on alcohol in the new year Looked smoking hot MTV bad girl Jemma Lucy continues to stun as she goes totally NAKED in sunbed selfie... after simulating sex act in shock Snapchat clip Ex On The Beach star Naomi Campbell, 46, shows off her incredibly ageless physique in barely-there bikini as she rings in 2017 with blissful beach break Still absolutely stunning  'If I'm feeling unsafe, I won't go out': Corrie's Kevin Kennedy reveals the resonating restraints of his alcoholism after 18 years sober 'Do you know what, just pee on the floor':  Rita Ora claims she 'lost thousands on investment into festival urinating device'... as probe into £2.3million fraud swindle rages on Back to cause Big Bother? Divisive Spencer Pratt appears to confirm rumoured CBB return with wife Heidi as he documents boozy arrival in UK 'How we started 2017!' Proud David Beckham shares sweet snap of his family from glamorous beach party in the Maldives... as the stars ring in 2017 'I've felt better': Louis Tomlinson welcomes 2017 with a hungover selfie as he prepares for a new year after his mother's tragic passing Looked worse for wear 'You'd have to be thick to think you'd pose with your dead nan': Geordie Shore fans leap to the defence of grieving Chloe Ferry after she deletes picture with her ailing grandmother  Spice up your NYE! Victoria Beckham joins Mel C on stage to sing their hit tune 2 Become 1 during Maldives celebrations...after snubbing recent band reunion Adam Thomas' fiancée Caroline Daly shows off endless legs beneath slashed jumpsuit as they join his Love Island star twin Scott to ring in 2017 'Mariah's meltdown: Diva botches NYE lip-sync performance and STORMS OFF Times Square stage while crying into mic: 'I wanted a holiday too. Can't I just have one?'  Millie Mackintosh and Hugo Taylor pack on the PDA during blissful break in South Africa...as the bikini-clad beauty displays some painful looking sunburn on her pert posterior Oh no, normal people! Robbie Williams is caught on camera applying hand sanitiser after singing Auld Lang Syne - and looking suitably disgusted  She's got that Super Bass! Katie Price channels rapper Nicki Minaj for NYE bash in buxom bodysuit and hot pink bikini...as she toasts to last night drinking for a year PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Holly Willoughby flashes her fabulous figure in powder blue kaftan during family beach day with husband Daniel Baldwin in Barbados Oozing star quality! Alexa Chung is the belle of the ball in intricate head piece as she toasts the New Year at NYC masquerade ball Fancy dress This is the life! Lauryn Goodman shows off her curves in racy striped bikini as she soaks up the sunshine in Mykonos Lazy sunbathing session Jake Gyllenhaal maintains his toned physique with a New Year's Eve run while on holiday in St. Barts  He surely deserved a vacation Such a cheeky boy! Usher posts photo of 'bonita' wife Grace's bottom as they welcome the New Year in a hot tub Gerard Depardieu displays his portly frame as he strips off his shirt during a hot and sweaty rehearsal for his stage show in Buenos Aires Seas the day! Lizzie Cundy, 46, flaunts her taut stomach and ample cleavage in plunging bikini as she celebrates the New Year in the Maldives Abbey Clancy displays her peachy posterior and lean limbs in a racy high-waist swimsuit as she poses for sun-soaked photoshoot Hitting the beach 'Bad and boujee!' Larsa Pippen showcases her enviable figure in revealing bikini aboard river cruise  Was the display for the benefit of Scottie? Family meal-a! Mila Kunis stocks up on food with hubby Ashton Kutcher and newborn son Dimitri ahead of NYE Rosie O'Donnell calls Trump 'mentally unstable' on Twitter and warns America that there are 'less than three weeks to stop him' Make-up free Nicole Scherzinger displays her sensational beach body in a sun-soaked Hawaiian selfie Shared a stunning bikini-clad selfie from a beach  Well that's one way to worship the sun! Lady Victoria Hervey looks radiant in a vibrant floral maxi dress as she offers her palms to the sky in Barbados Ashley Graham whips off her bikini to pose topless while enjoying sunshine holiday She marked the first day of 2017 with a topless selfie in The Seychelles  Transgender model Hari Nef sizzles in slinky purple gown as she sings sultry cover of Blue Velvet for Love's video advent Single and ready to mingle! Geordie Shore's Marnie Simpson mends broken heart with girls' NYE night out with bodysuit clad pal Chloe Ferry Daring look  Fans outraged as fake Cheryl Twitter account 'confirms' pregnancy...after the singer shares heartfelt New Year's Instagram selfie 'She made disgusting and explicit propositions to my boyfriend': Woman slams Katie Price as she claims her infamous Christmas party flirtations almost caused relationship split  'Hello 2017': Ed Sheeran promises new music in five days' time... as he appears on social media for the first time in 57 weeks Put paid to speculation  The Angels have arrived! Victoria's Secret models Jasmine Tookes, Romee Strijd and Lais Ribeiro sizzle in tiny bikinis while on holiday in Brazil Frankie Essex shows off her toned and tanned figure in racy halter-neck swimsuit and tiny denim shorts as she celebrates two stone weight loss with New Years break Twice as nice! Models Doutzen Kroes and Joan Smalls put on a bikini display as they meet up on Miami Beach Nice view 'The 4 things that I love the most': Madonna spends New Year with son Rocco Ritchie and his siblings as they ring in 2017 together with family ski trip after strained 2016 Kelly Brook flaunts her ample cleavage and toned stomach in a pink printed bikini for sizzling shoot Phenomenal figure 'My life changed forever!' Coco Austin shares snap of the moment she met Ice-T 16 years ago as they celebrate wedding anniversary at New Year's Eve bash Justin Bieber rings in 2017 with medley of hits during poolside performance at historic Fontainebleau Miami Beach He did it in styke '2017 here we go!' Joanna Krupa gets cheeky with a pretty pal as they ring in the New Year in their bikinis Beach babes Fifty Shades Darker teases more steamy sex scenes with new TV ad The 32-second clip features the film's stars in unseen footage. Chloe Khan puts on a VERY busty display as she slips into a sexy bunny costume for eye-popping selfie  Saucy Pregnant Rochelle Humes shows off her blossoming baby bump in a little black dress as she celebrates NYE in the Maldives  Seven months pregnant  Cheeky in Chelsea! Louise Thompson posts racy topless snap before flaunting her enviable abs in a sizzling red bikini from the sun-soaked Maldives Chloe Green suns herself in Miami as her dad Sir Shifty is hoping for time away from BHS pension scandal  Hasn't missed out on topping up her tan Rise and shine! Bikini girl Hilary Duff embraces the new year with surf lesson in Hawaii While many around the world were nursing a hangover A plum start to 2017! Princess Mary rings in the new year dressed in a gold gown and deep purple cape as she joins Prince Frederik for annual banquet She's still got it! Jessica Hart admits she's 'blessed' and 'lucky' to still be modelling swimwear at 30 as she returns to Seafolly after five years Beautiful front and back! Ashley Graham posts rear view topless bikini pic as she enjoys tropical getaway Spending the New Year in The Seychelles SPOILER ALERT: Is Zak Dingle next to be killed in Emmerdale? Lisa Dingle discovers Cain's caravan on fire... with her ex-husband possibly inside 'Her tongue freaks me out!' Jessica Simpson's BFF CaCee Cobb posts silly selfie while celebrating New Year's Eve Sticking it out 'No better way to end 2016': Khloe Kardashian's ex Lamar Odom poses with his kids in first Instagram post since leaving rehab Erica Packer looks glam despite shoulder injury as she enjoys family holiday in St Barts... while her 'ex' Seal hits the ski slopes with Heidi Klum Shirtless Jake Gyllenhaal flaunts hunky physique as he joins bikini-clad pal Greta Caruso in exquisite waters during St. Barths break Blake Lively enjoys low-key New Year's Eve with her Sisterhood Of The Traveling Pants BFF Amber Tamblyn Besties since co-starring in the 2005 movie 'Wonder if I will be cold?' Kate Hudson braves a snowy NYE in Aspen in nothing but lingerie as she parties hard with pal Chelsea Handler Jesy Nelson shows off her ripped abs and ample cleavage as she rings in the New Year with a gal pal... as Jade Thirlwell celebrates with boyfriend Jed Elliott Head over heels! Izabel Goulart does cartwheels on the sand in St Barts Flawless figure and athletic prowess The X Factor's Honey G forgoes her signature hat and glasses as she gives rare glimpse at her face during NYE performance...after her debut single limps into the midweek chart at 149 Blac Chyna and Rob Kardashian put on a united front as they celebrate New Year's Eve together... as she puts her engagement ring back on Jacqui Ryland flashes her underwear in a VERY daring sheer lace mini dress as she parties hard with pal on New Years Eve 'Feliz Año!' Shakira embraces her partner and sons for a festive New Year's message to her fans Out wth footballer Gerard Piqué Dish of the day! Neighbours star Olympia Valance looks to be NAKED while posing with a restaurant menu covering her body as she flashes the flesh on holiday in Bali I'm pregnant! Lauren Conrad reveals baby news with sweet sonogram picture on New Year's Day  First child Charlotte Dawson continues to flash giant diamond ring as she rings in 2017 with a passionate from boyfriend Matt Sarsfield... after sparking engagement rumours Adele and partner Simon Konecki are said to be 'planning a UK wedding after secretly becoming engaged in October' Now that's a Happy New Year! Khloe Kardashian kisses Tristan Thompson as they ring in 2017 together Pucker up Take That Gary! Simon Cowell calls in the lawyers over rival Barlow's new BBC 'X Factor imitation' talent show Let It Shine  That's one passionate midnight kiss! Miley Cyrus shares her New Year's cinch with fiancé Liam Hemsworth as they attend New Year's Eve party with his brother Chris and her mum Tish Blac Chyna shows off post-baby curves in a plunging dress as she heads out to celebrate New Year's Eve Got a lot on her plate Beach babe! Heather Graham, 46, flashes her long legs and toned midriff on trip to Miami with her boyfriend Endless legs 'All is as it should be!' Katy Perry dons surgical mask to see in the New Year with lover Orlando Bloom on Tokyo sidewalk Worried about germs? The No 1 lady detective's New Year resolutions: A truly delightful misadventure starring Precious, Botswana's top sleuth  Jasmine Lennard axed from CBB All Stars series 'for making anti-Muslim comments'... after being replaced by Jasmin Waltz before the show's debut Celebrate good times, c'mon! Amy Adams stocks up on alcohol ahead of New Year's Eve celebration  Party preparations She's smitten! Britney Spears shares cuddly snap after celebrating New Year with new love Sam Asghari The couple seem inseparable 'ISIS claims responsibility for Mariah Carey's performance': Social media mercilessly trashes diva for her epic New Year's Eve meltdown on Times Square stage Bradley Cooper heads out for healthy jog in LA while 'pregnant' girlfriend Irina Shayk spends New Year in her native Russia Settle down, ladies! Now Sheila Hancock, 83, shuns make-up: Actress reveals she didn't wear any during her latest film  She defied producers to be more 'real' on screen '2016 is almost over!' John Legend shares cute snap with Chrissy Teigen on his back as the couple spend New Year's Eve in St. Barts Photogenic couple Thatkiss Neverbeen! Jennifer Lawrence reveals she has never had a New Year's Eve kiss How can that be? 'Hey': Teen Kylie Jenner shows off her curves in green bra and panties as she takes last mirror selfie of 2016 The KUWTK star posed in her bathroom mirror Nicki Minaj shows off her ample assets in plunging silver jumpsuit as she rings in 2017 with Miami gig... after replacing Jennifer Lopez at the last minute 'One of the most eventful and exciting years of my life': Ivanka Trump pays tribute to 2016 as she celebrates New Year's Eve and Hanukkah with her husband and children  'Toddler headbutt!': Jason Biggs starts the New Year with a black eye from two-year-old son Sid He enjoyed his first day of 2017 with a shiner 'I've got so much sh*t on this girl!': Maria Fowler hits back at Danielle Lloyd in candid Snapchat video after the model retweeted a controversial message  SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Olympian Sir Matthew Pinsent's wife is drafted in to boost Kate, William and Harry's charity Paid to instil a work ethic A rumble in the jungle, baby joy and THAT Beau Ryan 'affair': A look at how far Barry Hall and Lauren Brant have come as they prepare for 2017 'Girl power!' Naomi Watts rings in the new year as a single woman... with a bikini trip to Mexico   She's starting the new year as a single woman SPOILER ALERT: Corrie's Maria Connor can barely look at lover Aidan as the jailbird comes face to face with him for the first time since he left her to fight alone in court 'Peace out 2016!' Jessica Alba ends the year exploring Hawaiian rainforests with her loved ones Katie Piper channels the eighties in wild leopard print costume as she attends New Year's Eve fancy dress party with husband Richard Sutton 'Golden New Year with the family!' Chris Hemsworth rings in 2017 with his wife Elsa Pataky, his brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Happy New Year from Hawaii... via Somerset: Peter Andre ushers in 2017 with wife Emily MacDonagh and his children at tropical themed party Bottoms up! Lady Victoria Hervey displays her enviably slender frame and peachy derriere in skimpy blue bikini as she tries her hand at paddle boarding in Barbados 'Cutest thing ever!' Nicole Kidman's surprise 'happy' dance at Keith Urban's NYE show in Nashville thrills fans... but leaves some asking if she's had a bit too much to drink Fergie and Hailee Steinfield flash the flesh in skin flaunting ensembles as they ring in 2017 in style on Dick Clark's New Year's Rockin' Eve 'Thankful': Sofia Vergara looks incredible in strapless dress while vacationing in Bora Bora for husband Joe Manganiello's birthday 'Oh Jesus, this is the best fireworks show ever!' Scott Eastwood gets VERY excited during New Year's Eve celebrations in Sydney Harbour 'So glad 2017 is finally here': Iggy Azalea hoping for 'better vibe' in the New Year after 2016 saw ex-fiancé Nick Young cheat on her, X Factor flop, and Guy Sebastian brand her a 'weirdo' Having an auld lang fine time! Gwen Stefani locks lips with Blake Shelton as they enjoy family New Year's Eve Smooch We can be heroes! Nicole Kidman dances on stage beside hubby Keith Urban as he performs amazing New Year's tribute to 2016's fallen greats  Shanina Shaik sports a racy green dress as she supports DJ Ruckus at a New Year's Eve gig in Miami No stranger to sporting racy ensembles 'Let's do this!' Mariah Carey is carried to the stage by her beau Bryan Tanaka as she preps for New Year's Eve show in Times Square It must be true love! Kylie Jenner gets a lower-case T for Tyga tattoo'd on her ankle... her SIXTH inking so far New Years goals! Doutzen Kroes showcases killer bikini body as she cosies up to husband Sunnery James on beach in Cancun What a Dream day! Blac Chyna begins new year with Rob Kardashian and daughter after dramatic split 'You will survive': MAFS' Zoe Hendrix and Alex Garner reflect on an eventful 2016 which saw them welcome first child after heartbreaking miscarriage 'What a year it's been!': Kris Jenner kicks off New Year's Eve Instagram messages by sharing collage and acknowledging 2016 was rocky William Christopher, best known for his portrayal of Father Mulcahy on the hit 70s TV show M*A*S*H, dies of cancer at age 84 GIRL ABOUT NEW YEAR: Pippa's family are trying to save the pennies as her wedding is set to cost a fortune  The family's online store has launched a sale. GIRL ABOUT NEW YEAR: Star Wars Carrie and her TV hunt for Prince Harry She once led chat show host Graham Norton on a quest to find the Prince GIRL ABOUT NEW YEAR: Heartache as sad Alice starts 2017... with divorce Alice Eve has formally separated from her husband GIRL ABOUT NEW YEAR: Lovelorn Cara's LA dash to rekindle her romance Absence has made the heart grow fonder for supermodel  SPOILER ALERT: EastEnders' Ronnie Mitchell looks grim-faced at wedding to Jack Branning... before making dramatic exit from the show with troubled sister Roxy New Year's Eve party can really begin now - Usain Bolt's arrived! Sprinter flies into UK to celebrate his beloved Manchester United's victory by partying with goalscorer Paul Pogba 'I miss LA': Chloe Lattanzi admits she's homesick after moving from California to Oregon with her fiancé to start a marijuana farm business  'My dude is HOT': Miley Cyrus admires her fiancé Liam Hemsworth as they attend a New Year's Eve party with his brother Chris and wife Elsa Pataky Ending the year on a bang! Reality star Courtney Stodden poses in white lace lingerie as she says 'bye 2016' The Price Is Right! Radio personality Steve Price 'will join Lisa Curry in the South African jungle for I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here!' Victoria's Secret model Megan Williams displays her sensational beach body in a black bikini as she frolics in the ocean in St Barts with her boyfriend  Nicki Minaj displays ample cleavage in sexy Instagram post in wake of deadly shooting outside concert of on-again, off-again beau Meek Mill Emma Forbes, 51, shows off stunning figure in chic scalloped swimsuit as she heads to the beach in Barbados with husband Graham Clempson Denim darling! Jenna Dewan shows off her fit form in a black bodysuit with jeans and leopard print booties while out in LA Next story Two weeks to go: Downbeat-looking Sasha and Malia return from Hawaii with their parents after last family vacation on Air Force One  843 comments 2 videos SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Supported by the University of Pittsburgh School of Law Home News All Legal News US Legal News World Legal News News Archive This Day at Law Commentary All Commentary Academic Commentary Professional Commentary Student Commentary Contributing Editors Features Podcasts Documents US Executive Orders US Federal Rulemaking US Presidential Memoranda Support JURIST Why Support JURIST? Donate Honor Roll Sponsorship About FAQ Staff Contact Transparency Sutin Prize Shawl Award J20 Election 2000 Famous Trials Staff Retrospective Paper Chase Serious law. Primary sources. Global perspective. advertisement Apple launches legal challenge to EU tax ruling Monday 19 December 2016 at 12:39 PM ET by Gwenyth Gamble ©  WikiMedia (en:User:Nishant12) [JURIST] Apple [corporate website] on Monday launched a legal challenge to a $14 billion tax penalty that the EU has levied against the company. The EU claimed in August that Apple took advantage of illegal state aid from Ireland, where Apple has its European Headquarters, and ordered the company to repay up to 13 billion euros. Apple claims [Reuters report] it was a convenient target for the EU because of the headlines the company generates and that the company's success caused it to be singled out. Last month the Irish government announced [JURIST report] that it would submit its appeal within the week against the European Commission's demand that Apple pay back-taxes. In September Irish lawmakers voted to appeal the ruling [JURIST report] that would entitle the country to almost $15 billion of unpaid taxes from Apple. Finance Minister Michael Noonan [official profile] said that talks between the Fine Gael party and the Independent Alliance determined that allowing the ruling to stand could hurt Ireland's ability to attract foreign investments in the future. Enda Kenny, Prime Minister of the Republic, gave an interview [transcript] detailing how he is confident that the appeal will succeed because tax issues are a matter for each sovereign to decide, not the European Commission. Apple pays from almost 0-1 percent taxes on its profits in Ireland and the European Commission is claiming that the tech giant illegally funded profits through its Ireland headquarters to avoid higher tax payments. Posted in Paper Chase Latest Commentary prevnext Safe Spaces and First Amendment Rights: Do Safe Spaces Belong on College Campuses? Fuad Rafidi Valparaiso University School of Law Thinking Beyond the ICJ's Marshall Islands Judgment Mohit Gupta South Asian University Investigating French Officials' Role In Rwanda Genocide Jean-Marie Kamatali Ohio Northern University Pettit College of Law Actually, We Can't Just All Get Along—Cooperation and Individualization under IDEA End of Life Liberty in DC Kathryn L. Tucker End of Life Liberty Project Lemon’s Latest Victim: Felix Shows Why Lemon Must Go Roger Byron First Liberty Institute More Commentary About Paper Chase Paper Chase is JURIST's real-time legal news service, powered by a team of 30 law student reporters and editors led by law professor Bernard Hibbitts at the University of Pittsburgh School of Law. As an educational service, Paper Chase is dedicated to presenting important legal news and materials rapidly, objectively and intelligibly in an accessible format. Contact Paper Chase >> advertisement Recent Legal News Tags Human Rights Watch: Some Israeli officials calling for extrajudicial killings 4:22 PM ET, 2 January 2017 Supreme Court of India outlaws seeking votes based on religion or caste 3:53 PM ET, 2 January 2017 New Year's Day protests take place in Hong Kong 11:29 AM ET, 2 January 2017 Syria warplanes bombard Wadi Barada during truce 10:57 AM ET, 2 January 2017 NY Gov. Cuomo vetoes bill requiring state to pay for indigent defense 8:52 PM ET, 1 January 2017 US Senate considering stronger sanctions against Russia 8:20 PM ET, 1 January 2017 elections India international religion advertisement About JURIST JURIST is a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization dedicated to bringing objective legal news and reasoned expert analysis to the public. E-mail inquiries, changes, news tips, URLs, corrections, etc. to JURIST@jurist.org. Legal Disclaimer JURIST cannot and does not provide legal advice. As such, nothing on this site is intended as legal advice. If you have a legal problem, please consult an attorney. We wish you the best of luck with your case, but we can't help. Questions × Your message has been sent. Thank you! © Copyright JURIST Legal News and Research Services, Inc., 2013. Home News Commentary Features Podcasts Support About © Copyright JURIST Legal News and Research Services, Inc., 2013. Legal Disclaimer Please note that JURIST cannot and does not provide legal advice. As such, nothing on this site is intended as legal advice. If you have a legal problem, please consult an attorney. We wish you the best of luck with your case, but we can't help.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Apple appeals against EU tax ruling, Brussels says no cause for low tax bill By Reuters Published: 14:28 EST, 19 December 2016 | Updated: 14:28 EST, 19 December 2016 e-mail By Julia Fioretti BRUSSELS, Dec 19 (Reuters) - Apple Inc. appealed on Monday against a $14-billion tax demand as the European Union issued details of its ruling that the iPhone maker won sweetheart tax deals from the Irish government which amounted to illegal subsidies. The tech giant's combative stand -- its lead lawyer told Reuters that Apple was a "convenient target" for an EU antitrust chief driven by "headlines" -- underlined its anger with the European Commission, which it says ignored evidence from Irish experts before the decision on Aug. 30. The Obama administration also voiced displeasure at what it said was the European Union helping itself to cash that should have ended up in the United States while many in Silicon Valley saw it as further proof that an envious Europe, having lost out on new tech markets, is trying to rig regulations against them. Competition Commissioner Margrethe Vestager has rejected those claims and on Monday, while making no new comment on a case which is also being appealed by the Dublin government, the EU executive published an edited text of her judgment. Apple's Irish tax arrangements have allowed it to pay tax at a rate of 3.8 percent on $200 billion of overseas profits over the past 10 years, according to a Reuters analysis of corporate filings. This is a fraction of the tax rate in the countries where Apple's products are designed, made and sold. The low rate is achieved by Apple telling U.S. authorities that the profits are earned by Irish units. Meanwhile, Apple and Ireland agree the profits are generated in the United States. Among elements revealed by the Commission's edited text was a record of a meeting between an Apple tax adviser and the Irish revenue service in 1990 in which they discussed setting an apparently arbitrary ceiling on the profit on which Apple's Irish unit would be taxed locally. A year after Apple's Irish branch had recorded a net profit of $270 million, its tax adviser proposed that no more than $30-40 million a year be taxed in Ireland, since the rest was attributable to technology and marketing businesses elsewhere. "[Apple's tax adviser] confessed there was no scientific basis for the figure. However the figure was of such magnitude that he hoped it would be seen to be a bona-fide proposal," the excerpt cited in the Commission judgment read. The reference is part of the Commission's case that Ireland gave Apple special treatment to induce it to base its European operations in the country and channel profits through Ireland. While independent tax experts scanned the documentation for more clues to Vestager's overall approach, another element that stood out was its concern about the way Dublin did not set time limits on its rulings on how Apple's income would be taxed. That could signal trouble for other multinationals facing Brussels' ire, not just in Ireland but in several other EU countries. U.S. TAX REFORM Apple lodged its appeal at the EU's General Court, setting up a legal battle that has strained Transatlantic relations and could remain a factor after celebrity businessman Donald Trump succeeds Obama in the White House next month. The U.S. Treasury Department said in a statement it continued to believe that "the Commission is retroactively applying a sweeping new state aid theory that is contrary to well-established legal principles, calls into question the tax rules of individual countries, and threatens to undermine the overall business climate in Europe. Moreover, it threatens to erode America's corporate tax base." The Irish government, which faces anger at home among opposition politicians that it is trying to turn down a huge tax windfall, separately published its legal arguments against the Commission's case on Monday, saying Brussels had exceeded its powers and stepped on EU states' sovereignty. Lawyers have previously said it was impossible to predict how EU courts will rule in an area that has not been tested before. Ireland's tax treatments, now amended, have allowed Apple to avoid tax on tens of billions of dollars of non-U.S. profit. The Commission says the Irish units conducted key functions for developing the Apple brand and that Dublin underestimated their importance when determining their taxable profit. Apple says all the research and development takes place in the United States, which is also where key decisions about its products are made, meaning taxes should be paid there. Under U.S. tax law, however, companies pay tax on global profits but only when they are repatriated to the United States. The incoming Trump administration could change this. (Additional reporting by Foo Yun Chee in Cupertino, California, Conor Humphries in Dublin and Tom Bergin in London; Editing by Alastair Macdonald and Adrian Croft) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Jack Branning is left devastated on EastEnders after discovering wife Ronnie has drowned... as fans are left in tears by the Mitchell sisters' death  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Angelina Jolie takes sweet twins Vivienne and Knox and daughter Shiloh for ice cream during Colorado ski trip... without Brad Susanna Reid, 46, is flooded with compliments as she bravely posts barefaced 'blemishes, lines and flaws' selfie next to filtered make-up snap Are you wheel-y sure you want to do that, Wiggo? Bradley Wiggins signs up for The Jump... days after retiring from professional cycling Hope he's insured Daisy Lowe looks scorching in a pale pink cutaway bikini as she flaunts her Strictly weight loss on Miami beach Looks stunning Daisy Lowe shows off her kooky sense of style on holiday as she pairs a skimpy white bikini with trainers She seemed in particularly high spirits 'I lost half a stone in two weeks eating M&S ready meals!' We challenged two women to try what might be the easiest diet EVER! SPONSORED Bella Thorne flaunts pert derriere in a tiny bikini on holiday in the Bahamas... and even covers herself in body glitter Absolutely stunning 'Losing a child never leaves you': Kym Marsh admits Corrie stillbirth was 'heartbreaking' eight years after losing own baby - as she poses with daughter Polly, five 'He's not bothered': Michelle Keegan insists husband Mark Wright is unfazed by steamy sex scenes... after admitting they 'talk through' her roles Can Mel and Sue keep Ant and Dec from 16th TV Presenter of the Year gong? Departing Bake Off favourites leave on a high as they lead National Television Awards nominations PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Angelina Jolie hits the slopes with her kids during Colorado ski trip... as she enjoys NYE getaway in wake of Brad Pitt split  Doutzen Kroes displays model figure in cropped top and tiny shorts while hitting beach in Miami with family Looking ssssexy! TOWIE's Kate Wright shows off her eye-popping assets in snakeskin swimsuit as she continues to wow during Dubai break 'The hard grafting has paid off'! MIC's Louise Thompson poses in a nude bikini... before being launched into the air by her burly beau Ryan in the Maldives PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Wild thing Daisy Lowe wears her leopard-print bra to the beach as she cosies up to handsome mystery man on the beach in Miami Weed belong together: Mariah Carey spotted heading into a marijuana dispensary on Christmas Eve, just one week before her Times Square meltdown  Trouble in paradise? Nicole Kidman and Keith Urban 'had a red carpet argument' at her Lion premiere in Sydney just days before dancing up a storm on stage on NYE Rich Kids of Instagram's Lana Scolaro loses her bikini top on sunshine break in St Barts... after shooting to fame with THAT Robin Thicke snap EastEnders star Samantha Womack sparks Twitter frenzy as she tweets about enjoying a swim... just hours after her character drowned  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Shirtless former Strictly pro Gleb Savchenko displays his rippling abs as he packs on the PDA with wife Elena on Miami beach 'I'm gonna smash it!' Lauren Goodger slips into lingerie for pre-weight loss selfie before filming derriere during workout... as she vows to regain her 'big butt' in 2017 Kourtney Kardashian and Scott Disick put on a united front in Aspen as they pose on their private jet They split up in summer 2015 'Need a decorator's number?' Little Mix's Jesy Nelson is inundated with interior advice from fans after they're left shocked by her Instagram snap Wat-son your screen, Dr? Sherlock viewers left scratching their heads by epic blunder... as series return draws in best audience of New Year's Day Full of 1940s intrigue and sex, Halcyon is Downton if the butler had an evil streak! As ITV unveils its wartime blockbuster, our critic CHRISTOPHER STEVENS is gripped Downton Abbey in a hotel - with jazz, Nazis, and a less handsome Night Manager who stuck to his day job... The Halcyon was not a place you'd want to stay, by JIM SHELLEY X Factor runner-up Rebecca Ferguson 'graciously accepts' invitation to sing at  inauguration of Donald Trump... if she can perform track protesting against racism The pathologist's corpses were more lifelike than this twaddle: Christopher Stevens reviews last night's TV  Always looks like she's on her way to an awards Fit couple! Mark Wahlberg shows off sculpted body while wife Rhea Durham is red hot in bikini on holiday in Barbados Super buff Still on! Jennifer Lawrence, 26, enjoys romantic New Year's Eve stroll with boyfriend Darren Aronofsky, 47 Looked like a picture-perfect couple Lizzie Cundy, 46, negotiates risqué red swimsuit while throwing herself enthusiastically into beachside ball games during Maldives getaway Star in stripes: Natalie Portman keeps it comfortable in patterned top and hoodie while on morning walk in LA Appeared quite far along as she stepped out Strictly's Janette Manrara flaunts taut physique in skimpy pink bikini as she joins co-star fiancé Alja korjanec and his ex-dance partner Daisy Lowe on Miami beach Burr-illiant! Vlogger Tanya debuts new bob and shows off enviable curves in animal print swimsuit during idyllic holiday in the Maldives Lucky woman 'It was definitely the most traumatic year of my life': Charlotte Crosby reveals she is glad 2016 is over... after ectopic pregnancy and split from Gaz Beadle Calum Best touches down in London ahead of rumoured Celebrity Big Brother stint... where he is set to reunite with former flame Bianca Gascoigne The look of love! Margot Robbie beams as she arrives back in LA with new husband Tom Ackerley... after tying the knot in secret ceremony in Australia Newly-engaged Serena Williams flashes her ring as she steps out with her Reddit co-founder fiance Alexis Ohanian in New Zealand Proposed last week All tied up! TOWIE;s Kate Wright sizzles in plunging bondage inspired khaki bikini as she soaks up the sun in Dubai  On a girls' break  Avert your eyes! Braless Lisa Appleton, 48, leaves NOTHING to the imagination in raunchy lace dress during wild night out in Manchester Nicola McLean, Spencer Pratt and Stevi Ritchie arrive at their hotel as they prepare to make their Celebrity Big Brother return for all star series Izabel Goulart flaunts her supermodel figure in TINY crochet bikini as she frolics on the beach in St Barts  Every inch the Brazilian bombshell  Bonding time! Nicola Peltz rocks a black bikini as she hugs her brother Will on family holiday together In an idyllic Instagram photo Margot Robbie stuns in a leopard print one piece as she cosies up to new husband Tom Ackerley at the beach with friends... after secretly tying the knot Newly-single Katie Waissel hits Miami beach with another male pal in Miami... weeks after splitting from second husband Brian Moote Keeping her on her toes! Chrissy Teigen shows off legs in LBD as she does impressive plié while carrying baby Luna Impressive skills Pregnant Rochelle Humes flaunts her blossoming baby bump in chic black swimsuit in the Maldives before sharing a bath with daughter Alaia-Mai 'Time to start a new year being happy, healthy and ambitious': Katie Price praises husband Keiran Hayler and kids as she vows to give up alcohol Love's young dream: Elle Fanning enjoys giggly lunch date with boyfriend Dylan Beck The 18-year-old couldn't control her laughter while in a black jumpsuit MIC's Frankie Gaff shares racy belfie as she and Jamie Laing pack on the PDA during break in Dubai... leaving their relationship woes firmly behind them 'Private pool suits me just fine!' Ashley Graham shows off her hourglass curves in racy white swimsuit as she takes a dip in the Seychelles Susan Sarandon's daughter Eva Amurri Martino reveals baby son suffered a cracked skull after a night nurse dropped him Now battling depression New year, new nails! Tobey Maguire's ex Jennifer Meyer makes manicure her priority at start of 2017 She dressed in ripped jeans Billie Lourd breaks her silence with moving tribute to mother Carrie Fisher and grandmother Debbie Reynolds The 24-year-old actress posted a picture Sara Sampaio flaunts her trim figure and pert posterior in pretty print swimsuit as she enjoys a sunbathing session on Mexican holiday Positively heaven sent  Ronnie and Roxy Mitchell suffer ANOTHER grisly fate in alternate ending for EastEnders New Year episode... after fans praise the duo's exit  Stella McCartney covers up in a floaty kaftan as she enjoys romantic beach stroll with husband Alasdhair Willis in St Barts Festive family trip  Fifi Box's ex Grant Kenny 'devastated' after the actress 'spends the night' with her Neighbours co-star and new love Damien Richardson  Reunited! Julianne Hough goes makeup free in an adorable family selfie with fiancé Brooks Laich and their fur babies Lexi and Harley Bianca Gascoigne shows off her ample assets in orange sequin bikini as she hits the water in sunny Mexico ahead of her Celebrity Big Brother debut Rebecca Romijn flaunts rock hard abs at 44 while on holiday with husband Jerry O'Connell and twin daughters Rebecca Romijn had no problems showing it off 'He said I was a lousy lay': A victim of Tony Curtis's vile gossip, in her own words, how screen legend DEBBIE REYNOLDS was abused in Hollywood   Happy New Rear! Danielle Lloyd showcases her toned curves in a red-hot swimsuit as she soaks up some winter sun in Dubai Rooney prostitute Jenny Thompson flaunts her legs in red playsuit as fellow EOTB newbie Zara Jackson gets racy in lace on a night out in Manchester She's red hot! Gwen Stefani unveiled as new face of Revlon  Her trademark bright red lipstick was in evidence as she was named brand ambassador Gemma Oaten displays her taut abs in steamy New Year's underwear selfie as she puts dramatic romance with presenter Nick Knowles behind her Two weeks to go! Sasha and Malia return from Hawaii with their parents after their last family vacation aboard Air Force One Saw his grandad's grave Taking a gamble on love? Jennifer Lopez and Drake hit high-roller tables in Vegas together after she supports him at NYE gig At MGM Grand casino Celebrity Big Brother tipped to be the 'sexiest yet' as show bosses make smaller beds to 'encourage intimacy' between housemates Starts this week Down she goes! Josie Gibson winces in pain as she takes a tumble on her skis during practice session for new series of injury-stricken show The Jump Pregnant Ciara posts cute photos of her baby bump as she rings in 2017 with her growing family Expecting her second child  Coffee date! Vanessa Hudgens rocks cropped sweater and extremely tight trousers during outing with boyfriend Austin Butler Both in Studio City  'He really wanted to be in the movie': Robin Williams was turned down for iconic Hagrid role in Harry Potter franchise because he wasn't British Unlikely pals Tallia Storm, 18, and Chris Evans, 50, enjoy beach day as they see in the New Year with their families in Barbados Firm friendship Patrick Schwarzenegger hits pool as he takes girlfriend Abby Champion on family holiday in Mexico with Maria Shriver Dick Clark Productions slams Mariah Carey's accusations of sabotage as 'frankly absurd' after diva's epic lip syncing meltdown she blamed on faulty earpiece  'The loneliness became desperate': Kate Bush describes 'cruel' bullying during her teenage years at Catholic girls' school in newly resurfaced essay Hilary Duff parades her toned pins in skimpy bikini bottoms as she tries her hand at surfing during New Year's break to Hawaii Surf's up New year, old pals! Jonah Hill and Michael Cera enjoy low-key Superbad reunion ten years on  Enjoyed a stroll in SoHo district of Manhattan Bernie Ecclestone, 86, and wife Fabiana Flosi, 38, explore Gstaad as they ring in the New Year with the family in Switzerland Winter wonderland  Frances Bean Cobain's battle to get ex to return her late father Kurt Cobain's priceless guitar is heading for a multi-million dollar court case Just another day in paradise! MIC's Louise Thompson and Ryan Libbey show off toned beach bodies as they enjoy a snorkel trip in the Maldives 'I'm heartbroken': Fans devastated by Sherlock episode as Amanda Abbington takes a bullet after her real-life split from on-screen husband Martin Freeman Conor McGregor looks sharp in suit at sister Aoife's wedding in Ireland... as the UFC superstar continues to enjoy his break from the octagon Nude ambition! Kady McDermott goes underwear-free in slinky salmon dress as she attends Love Island party with leggy Rachel Fenton Billie Piper goes incognito in oversized denim jacket during casual stroll in London... as ex-husband Laurence Fox talks first Christmas alone Newly-single Katie Waissel cosies up to a mystery man in Miami... weeks after splitting from second husband Brian Moote Marriage lasted a year 'Jumping into 2017 like': Karlie Kloss bares flat midriff in bikini as she leaps into the Caribbean In the celebrity haven on St Barths Feeling fruity! Lucy Watson shows off her Barbados tan in a mismatched bikini as she kicks back on inflatable pineapple with shirtless beau James Lauren Goodger parties with jailbird boyfriend's sister for New Year's Eve as she vows to quit booze for a month Getting close to 'in-laws' In the swim! Naomi Watts enjoys the warm waters off Cancun with sons during New Year's family getaway The actress, 48, donned a turquoise swimsuit 'Guess you f****d my missus!' Jeremy McConnell accused of sleeping with a fan's girlfriend... as pregnant ex Stephanie Davis prepares for due date That's what girlfriends are for! Katie Salmon helps new squeeze Dani avoid an embarrassing nip slip as they put on a loved-up display in Manchester Georgia May Jagger rocks wild leopard print lingerie and sparkling bling as she writhes around in bed for LOVE's Video Advent A walk on the wild side  Hilary Duff shows off her toned torso in a bikini as she larks around with son Luca in the Hawaii surf The tot held his famous mother's hand CHRISTOPHER STEVENS: Sherlock's now so clever-clever, it's stupid  The Mail's critic pans the New Year's Day special and awards it one star 'It's not a set thing': Ben Affleck won't direct his Batman standalone if it doesn't come together to his liking The 44-year-old actor is picky about his projects Glowing Holly Willoughby looks sun-kissed as she enjoys romantic beach stroll with shirtless husband Dan Baldwin in Barbados She sings! Gisele Bundchen performs sweet track while strumming the guitar by pool in new video Clearly a woman of many talents  Ex On The Beach's Jemma Lucy flashes her pert derriere in skimpy purple T-shirt... after going totally NAKED in saucy sunbed selfie Making resolutions! Rob Kardashian works up a sweat on a two-hour trek with Blac Chyna... days after health scare left him hospitalised George Michael's lover Fadi Fawaz reveals the singer died alone after he slept in his car and denies posting tweets saying star had tried to kill himself many times  Newly single Bella Thorne enjoys NYE smooch with model pal Kyra Santoro as she rings in 2017 with her girlfriends in the Bahamas Lea Michele lays her naked ambition bare as she poses for racy New Year snap Completely nude except for an animated frond pasted over her derrière Now that's one way to RING in the New Year! Ashley Greene flaunts her engagement bling as she celebrates 2017 in Sydney with new fiancé Paul Khoury Lisa Snowdon, 44, showcases her ample assets as she slips into a plunging blue bikini in saucy throwback snap from Down Under Bikini babe  'Get your happy a**es home!': Kim Zolciak misses daughter Brielle Biermann and beau Michael Kopech as they enjoy getaway in Niagara Falls Shameless actress Tina Malone calls in police after abuse from Twitter trolls body-shaming her for weight loss Shameless star 'upset' 'The best way to start 2017': Jessica Alba soaks up the sun in a bikini as she and her daughters celebrate the New Year on Hawaiian beach Meghan the budding star: Actress poses for series of publicity photos after landing a role in daytime TV show 13 years before she met Prince Harry  'Stand strong and move forward!' Nicole Scherzinger flaunts her phenomenal bikini body as she shares her New Year's resolve from Hawaii 'Men think they are there for pleasure': Alicia Douvall says her bum implants have ruined her sex life... and is undecided about ditching leaking lifts Jeremy Clarkson's VERY racy party girls: Grand Tour star is pictured with a host of society's most eligible women at New Year's Eve party  Lizzie Cundy, 46, shows off her tanned and toned figure in sizzling cut-out monokini as she hits the beach during idyllic Maldives getaway Mariah Carey kisses Bryan Tanaka in preview clip of reality show after he pops out of cake and gives lap dance Preview of her new show Ashley James flaunts her enviably toned abs in series of sizzling skimpy bikinis as she soaks up the sun during exotic break in Gambia Iconic duo Ronnie and Roxy Mitchell meet 'sad but beautiful' end on EastEnders as they drown in New Year's Day special Fans praised acting Tired of the beach? Covered up Ashley Olsen, 30, caresses shirtless beau Richard Sachs, 58, during trail hike in St. Barts This is the life 'Boy crazy!' Ellen Pompeo cradles her newborn son Eli as she dances around her kitchen Became a mum for the third time in December Steps girls Claire Richards, Faye Tozer and Lisa Scott Lee amp up the glamour in glittering ensembles as the band reunite for NYE gig at London's G-A-Y 'Happiest New Year!' Bella Hadid shares selfie blowing on party horn as she rings in 2017 with Kendall Jenner and Jordyn Woods 'Sad when bae leaves': Ariel Winter, 18, pouts over absent Levi Meaden,29... after ringing in New Year with a kiss Sulky Snapchat  Would you dare to wear a FIDDLER CAP? Bella Hadid signals that the formerly naff accessory is making an unlikely comeback for 2017  'Counting my blessings': Karlie Kloss winks as she shows off her famous figure in black bikini in St Barts Showing off her model body Rogue One takes $64M over New Year weekend to become the US's second highest grossing film of 2016... as Disney sweeps year-end top three Chip off the old block! Brooklyn Beckham theatrically dives from boat as holiday break in Maldives continues He's got skills! 'Bodies of every size': Lena Dunham bares cleavage in lingerie for New Year's Day photo-shoot Sending a message with racy shot 'Partner in life!' Rachel Zoe and Rodger Berman share NYE kiss as they celebrate 25 years together Midnight smooch They tied the knot! UnREAL cco-stars Johanna Braddy and Freddie Stroma start 2017 as newlyweds They had been dating since meeting in 2015 'Nose problems': Marco Pierre White Jr shares second horrifying nosebleed in days on Snapchat... after hinting they were caused by drug use If you've got it... Chloe Ferry flashes her derriere as she joins the scantily-clad Geordie Shore girls for raucous NYE pool party at Charlotte Crosby's lavish mansion Hard day's twerk! Bella Thorne dances on the back of a truck in the Bahamas Spent a bit of New Year's Day twerking on a stationary truck  'I love my man!' Jessica Simpson shares sultry couple shot with husband Eric Johnson New Year, same handsome beau Bod Jovi! Shirtless Jon Bon Jovi, 54, shows off his impressive physique as he goes for a dip in St Barths It seems he has looked good, always '1st selfie of the new year!' Ciara shares a picture of her growing bump as she supports her man at NFL game Nw baby on the way in 2017 Andrew Garfield cheers on the Los Angeles Lakers courtside as awards season looms for Hacksaw Ridge star Sports fan Victoria's Secret stunner Bridget Malcolm flashes underboob as she poses TOPLESS on a disco ball to celebrate 2017 in sexy Playboy shoot 'I wish everyone this kind of love!' Kelly Clarkson plants a kiss on son Remington for New Year's greeting Gave birth on April 12, 2016 'They're perky!': Cynthia Bailey takes RHOA castmates to her breast exam... and lets them squeeze her implants Could never be accused of being shy  Check out My Lean physique! Busty Myleene Klass flaunts her famed bikini body in TINY two-piece during festive family Sri Lanka trip She looked incredible Trying to impress? Ansel Elgort enjoys a shirtless workout... as girlfriend Violetta Komyshan looks on Enjoyed a productive New Year's Day Party time! Kendall Jenner steps out in black negligee while Hailey Baldwin stuns in white mini dress as the pals celebrate New Year's Eve in Hollywood Revealed: Jennifer Lopez quietly turned up to support her new beau Drake at his NYE show in Las Vegas The 47-year-old showed her support Living it up! Jamie Foxx welcomes the new year with a boy's night in Miami Hit 1 Hotel in the South Beach neighbourhood  'This isn't a baby, it's just food': Newly-slim Scarlett Moffatt says friends asked if she was PREGNANT at her heaviest... as she admits she couldn't bare to look at herself naked Jeremy McConnell kisses mystery blonde in steamy NYE clinch... days before anniversary of CBB romance with pregnant ex Stephanie Davis Norman Cook returns home from NYE gig in Italy after a lonely Christmas following split from Zoe Ball... while she celebrates six months of sobriety Louis Tomlinson's ex Briana Jungwirth coos over their giggling son Freddie in old family videos... as she reveals that their baby has taken his first steps Make-up free Chloe Khan shows off natural beauty as well as her famously enhanced assets in racy swimsuit selfie at luxurious London spa Kordell Stewart sends ex Porsha Williams a cease and desist letter after nude video of him is leaked on internet The former NFL star has threatened legal action 'It was like when we first got together': Sherlock's Amanda Abbington admits it was 'weird' revisiting parenting onscreen with now ex Martin Freeman James Corden's wife Julia Carey showcases her incredible physique in chic scalloped swimsuit as they enjoy Barbados sun on festive family jaunt Men only! Geordie Shore's Ricci has BANNED GIRLS from his Instagam account to avoid 'celeb hungry' dates Good luck stalking him! Well, one has to start somewhere! Crown star Claire Foy is seen starring in BBC soap Doctors in her first TV role Got a bit part in 2008 A dip in the (Car)pool! Doting daddy James Corden larks around with son Max on Barbados shore during idyllic New Year getaway A sweet display 'Sun always shines on the righteous': Ring-free Katie Waissel takes thinly-veiled swipe at 'second ex-husband Brian after split' as she turns to CBB co-star Renee Graziano in Miami 'I want my body back!' Vicky Pattison shares titillating swimsuit selfie as she vows to kick 10lbs and cut back on alcohol in the new year Looked smoking hot MTV bad girl Jemma Lucy continues to stun as she goes totally NAKED in sunbed selfie... after simulating sex act in shock Snapchat clip Ex On The Beach star Naomi Campbell, 46, shows off her incredibly ageless physique in barely-there bikini as she rings in 2017 with blissful beach break Still absolutely stunning  'If I'm feeling unsafe, I won't go out': Corrie's Kevin Kennedy reveals the resonating restraints of his alcoholism after 18 years sober 'Do you know what, just pee on the floor':  Rita Ora claims she 'lost thousands on investment into festival urinating device'... as probe into £2.3million fraud swindle rages on Back to cause Big Bother? Divisive Spencer Pratt appears to confirm rumoured CBB return with wife Heidi as he documents boozy arrival in UK 'How we started 2017!' Proud David Beckham shares sweet snap of his family from glamorous beach party in the Maldives... as the stars ring in 2017 'I've felt better': Louis Tomlinson welcomes 2017 with a hungover selfie as he prepares for a new year after his mother's tragic passing Looked worse for wear 'You'd have to be thick to think you'd pose with your dead nan': Geordie Shore fans leap to the defence of grieving Chloe Ferry after she deletes picture with her ailing grandmother  Spice up your NYE! Victoria Beckham joins Mel C on stage to sing their hit tune 2 Become 1 during Maldives celebrations...after snubbing recent band reunion Adam Thomas' fiancée Caroline Daly shows off endless legs beneath slashed jumpsuit as they join his Love Island star twin Scott to ring in 2017 'Mariah's meltdown: Diva botches NYE lip-sync performance and STORMS OFF Times Square stage while crying into mic: 'I wanted a holiday too. Can't I just have one?'  Millie Mackintosh and Hugo Taylor pack on the PDA during blissful break in South Africa...as the bikini-clad beauty displays some painful looking sunburn on her pert posterior Oh no, normal people! Robbie Williams is caught on camera applying hand sanitiser after singing Auld Lang Syne - and looking suitably disgusted  She's got that Super Bass! Katie Price channels rapper Nicki Minaj for NYE bash in buxom bodysuit and hot pink bikini...as she toasts to last night drinking for a year PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Holly Willoughby flashes her fabulous figure in powder blue kaftan during family beach day with husband Daniel Baldwin in Barbados Oozing star quality! Alexa Chung is the belle of the ball in intricate head piece as she toasts the New Year at NYC masquerade ball Fancy dress This is the life! Lauryn Goodman shows off her curves in racy striped bikini as she soaks up the sunshine in Mykonos Lazy sunbathing session Jake Gyllenhaal maintains his toned physique with a New Year's Eve run while on holiday in St. Barts  He surely deserved a vacation Such a cheeky boy! Usher posts photo of 'bonita' wife Grace's bottom as they welcome the New Year in a hot tub Gerard Depardieu displays his portly frame as he strips off his shirt during a hot and sweaty rehearsal for his stage show in Buenos Aires Seas the day! Lizzie Cundy, 46, flaunts her taut stomach and ample cleavage in plunging bikini as she celebrates the New Year in the Maldives Abbey Clancy displays her peachy posterior and lean limbs in a racy high-waist swimsuit as she poses for sun-soaked photoshoot Hitting the beach 'Bad and boujee!' Larsa Pippen showcases her enviable figure in revealing bikini aboard river cruise  Was the display for the benefit of Scottie? Family meal-a! Mila Kunis stocks up on food with hubby Ashton Kutcher and newborn son Dimitri ahead of NYE Rosie O'Donnell calls Trump 'mentally unstable' on Twitter and warns America that there are 'less than three weeks to stop him' Make-up free Nicole Scherzinger displays her sensational beach body in a sun-soaked Hawaiian selfie Shared a stunning bikini-clad selfie from a beach  Well that's one way to worship the sun! Lady Victoria Hervey looks radiant in a vibrant floral maxi dress as she offers her palms to the sky in Barbados Ashley Graham whips off her bikini to pose topless while enjoying sunshine holiday She marked the first day of 2017 with a topless selfie in The Seychelles  Transgender model Hari Nef sizzles in slinky purple gown as she sings sultry cover of Blue Velvet for Love's video advent Single and ready to mingle! Geordie Shore's Marnie Simpson mends broken heart with girls' NYE night out with bodysuit clad pal Chloe Ferry Daring look  Fans outraged as fake Cheryl Twitter account 'confirms' pregnancy...after the singer shares heartfelt New Year's Instagram selfie 'She made disgusting and explicit propositions to my boyfriend': Woman slams Katie Price as she claims her infamous Christmas party flirtations almost caused relationship split  'Hello 2017': Ed Sheeran promises new music in five days' time... as he appears on social media for the first time in 57 weeks Put paid to speculation  The Angels have arrived! Victoria's Secret models Jasmine Tookes, Romee Strijd and Lais Ribeiro sizzle in tiny bikinis while on holiday in Brazil Frankie Essex shows off her toned and tanned figure in racy halter-neck swimsuit and tiny denim shorts as she celebrates two stone weight loss with New Years break Twice as nice! Models Doutzen Kroes and Joan Smalls put on a bikini display as they meet up on Miami Beach Nice view 'The 4 things that I love the most': Madonna spends New Year with son Rocco Ritchie and his siblings as they ring in 2017 together with family ski trip after strained 2016 Kelly Brook flaunts her ample cleavage and toned stomach in a pink printed bikini for sizzling shoot Phenomenal figure 'My life changed forever!' Coco Austin shares snap of the moment she met Ice-T 16 years ago as they celebrate wedding anniversary at New Year's Eve bash Justin Bieber rings in 2017 with medley of hits during poolside performance at historic Fontainebleau Miami Beach He did it in styke '2017 here we go!' Joanna Krupa gets cheeky with a pretty pal as they ring in the New Year in their bikinis Beach babes Fifty Shades Darker teases more steamy sex scenes with new TV ad The 32-second clip features the film's stars in unseen footage. Chloe Khan puts on a VERY busty display as she slips into a sexy bunny costume for eye-popping selfie  Saucy Pregnant Rochelle Humes shows off her blossoming baby bump in a little black dress as she celebrates NYE in the Maldives  Seven months pregnant  Cheeky in Chelsea! Louise Thompson posts racy topless snap before flaunting her enviable abs in a sizzling red bikini from the sun-soaked Maldives Chloe Green suns herself in Miami as her dad Sir Shifty is hoping for time away from BHS pension scandal  Hasn't missed out on topping up her tan Rise and shine! Bikini girl Hilary Duff embraces the new year with surf lesson in Hawaii While many around the world were nursing a hangover A plum start to 2017! Princess Mary rings in the new year dressed in a gold gown and deep purple cape as she joins Prince Frederik for annual banquet She's still got it! Jessica Hart admits she's 'blessed' and 'lucky' to still be modelling swimwear at 30 as she returns to Seafolly after five years Beautiful front and back! Ashley Graham posts rear view topless bikini pic as she enjoys tropical getaway Spending the New Year in The Seychelles SPOILER ALERT: Is Zak Dingle next to be killed in Emmerdale? Lisa Dingle discovers Cain's caravan on fire... with her ex-husband possibly inside 'Her tongue freaks me out!' Jessica Simpson's BFF CaCee Cobb posts silly selfie while celebrating New Year's Eve Sticking it out 'No better way to end 2016': Khloe Kardashian's ex Lamar Odom poses with his kids in first Instagram post since leaving rehab Erica Packer looks glam despite shoulder injury as she enjoys family holiday in St Barts... while her 'ex' Seal hits the ski slopes with Heidi Klum Shirtless Jake Gyllenhaal flaunts hunky physique as he joins bikini-clad pal Greta Caruso in exquisite waters during St. Barths break Blake Lively enjoys low-key New Year's Eve with her Sisterhood Of The Traveling Pants BFF Amber Tamblyn Besties since co-starring in the 2005 movie 'Wonder if I will be cold?' Kate Hudson braves a snowy NYE in Aspen in nothing but lingerie as she parties hard with pal Chelsea Handler Jesy Nelson shows off her ripped abs and ample cleavage as she rings in the New Year with a gal pal... as Jade Thirlwell celebrates with boyfriend Jed Elliott Head over heels! Izabel Goulart does cartwheels on the sand in St Barts Flawless figure and athletic prowess The X Factor's Honey G forgoes her signature hat and glasses as she gives rare glimpse at her face during NYE performance...after her debut single limps into the midweek chart at 149 Blac Chyna and Rob Kardashian put on a united front as they celebrate New Year's Eve together... as she puts her engagement ring back on Jacqui Ryland flashes her underwear in a VERY daring sheer lace mini dress as she parties hard with pal on New Years Eve 'Feliz Año!' Shakira embraces her partner and sons for a festive New Year's message to her fans Out wth footballer Gerard Piqué Dish of the day! Neighbours star Olympia Valance looks to be NAKED while posing with a restaurant menu covering her body as she flashes the flesh on holiday in Bali I'm pregnant! Lauren Conrad reveals baby news with sweet sonogram picture on New Year's Day  First child Charlotte Dawson continues to flash giant diamond ring as she rings in 2017 with a passionate from boyfriend Matt Sarsfield... after sparking engagement rumours Adele and partner Simon Konecki are said to be 'planning a UK wedding after secretly becoming engaged in October' Now that's a Happy New Year! Khloe Kardashian kisses Tristan Thompson as they ring in 2017 together Pucker up Take That Gary! Simon Cowell calls in the lawyers over rival Barlow's new BBC 'X Factor imitation' talent show Let It Shine  That's one passionate midnight kiss! Miley Cyrus shares her New Year's cinch with fiancé Liam Hemsworth as they attend New Year's Eve party with his brother Chris and her mum Tish Blac Chyna shows off post-baby curves in a plunging dress as she heads out to celebrate New Year's Eve Got a lot on her plate Beach babe! Heather Graham, 46, flashes her long legs and toned midriff on trip to Miami with her boyfriend Endless legs 'All is as it should be!' Katy Perry dons surgical mask to see in the New Year with lover Orlando Bloom on Tokyo sidewalk Worried about germs? The No 1 lady detective's New Year resolutions: A truly delightful misadventure starring Precious, Botswana's top sleuth  Jasmine Lennard axed from CBB All Stars series 'for making anti-Muslim comments'... after being replaced by Jasmin Waltz before the show's debut Celebrate good times, c'mon! Amy Adams stocks up on alcohol ahead of New Year's Eve celebration  Party preparations She's smitten! Britney Spears shares cuddly snap after celebrating New Year with new love Sam Asghari The couple seem inseparable 'ISIS claims responsibility for Mariah Carey's performance': Social media mercilessly trashes diva for her epic New Year's Eve meltdown on Times Square stage Bradley Cooper heads out for healthy jog in LA while 'pregnant' girlfriend Irina Shayk spends New Year in her native Russia Settle down, ladies! Now Sheila Hancock, 83, shuns make-up: Actress reveals she didn't wear any during her latest film  She defied producers to be more 'real' on screen '2016 is almost over!' John Legend shares cute snap with Chrissy Teigen on his back as the couple spend New Year's Eve in St. Barts Photogenic couple Thatkiss Neverbeen! Jennifer Lawrence reveals she has never had a New Year's Eve kiss How can that be? 'Hey': Teen Kylie Jenner shows off her curves in green bra and panties as she takes last mirror selfie of 2016 The KUWTK star posed in her bathroom mirror Nicki Minaj shows off her ample assets in plunging silver jumpsuit as she rings in 2017 with Miami gig... after replacing Jennifer Lopez at the last minute 'One of the most eventful and exciting years of my life': Ivanka Trump pays tribute to 2016 as she celebrates New Year's Eve and Hanukkah with her husband and children  'Toddler headbutt!': Jason Biggs starts the New Year with a black eye from two-year-old son Sid He enjoyed his first day of 2017 with a shiner 'I've got so much sh*t on this girl!': Maria Fowler hits back at Danielle Lloyd in candid Snapchat video after the model retweeted a controversial message  SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Olympian Sir Matthew Pinsent's wife is drafted in to boost Kate, William and Harry's charity Paid to instil a work ethic A rumble in the jungle, baby joy and THAT Beau Ryan 'affair': A look at how far Barry Hall and Lauren Brant have come as they prepare for 2017 'Girl power!' Naomi Watts rings in the new year as a single woman... with a bikini trip to Mexico   She's starting the new year as a single woman SPOILER ALERT: Corrie's Maria Connor can barely look at lover Aidan as the jailbird comes face to face with him for the first time since he left her to fight alone in court 'Peace out 2016!' Jessica Alba ends the year exploring Hawaiian rainforests with her loved ones Katie Piper channels the eighties in wild leopard print costume as she attends New Year's Eve fancy dress party with husband Richard Sutton 'Golden New Year with the family!' Chris Hemsworth rings in 2017 with his wife Elsa Pataky, his brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Happy New Year from Hawaii... via Somerset: Peter Andre ushers in 2017 with wife Emily MacDonagh and his children at tropical themed party Bottoms up! Lady Victoria Hervey displays her enviably slender frame and peachy derriere in skimpy blue bikini as she tries her hand at paddle boarding in Barbados 'Cutest thing ever!' Nicole Kidman's surprise 'happy' dance at Keith Urban's NYE show in Nashville thrills fans... but leaves some asking if she's had a bit too much to drink Fergie and Hailee Steinfield flash the flesh in skin flaunting ensembles as they ring in 2017 in style on Dick Clark's New Year's Rockin' Eve 'Thankful': Sofia Vergara looks incredible in strapless dress while vacationing in Bora Bora for husband Joe Manganiello's birthday 'Oh Jesus, this is the best fireworks show ever!' Scott Eastwood gets VERY excited during New Year's Eve celebrations in Sydney Harbour 'So glad 2017 is finally here': Iggy Azalea hoping for 'better vibe' in the New Year after 2016 saw ex-fiancé Nick Young cheat on her, X Factor flop, and Guy Sebastian brand her a 'weirdo' Having an auld lang fine time! Gwen Stefani locks lips with Blake Shelton as they enjoy family New Year's Eve Smooch We can be heroes! Nicole Kidman dances on stage beside hubby Keith Urban as he performs amazing New Year's tribute to 2016's fallen greats  Shanina Shaik sports a racy green dress as she supports DJ Ruckus at a New Year's Eve gig in Miami No stranger to sporting racy ensembles 'Let's do this!' Mariah Carey is carried to the stage by her beau Bryan Tanaka as she preps for New Year's Eve show in Times Square It must be true love! Kylie Jenner gets a lower-case T for Tyga tattoo'd on her ankle... her SIXTH inking so far New Years goals! Doutzen Kroes showcases killer bikini body as she cosies up to husband Sunnery James on beach in Cancun What a Dream day! Blac Chyna begins new year with Rob Kardashian and daughter after dramatic split 'You will survive': MAFS' Zoe Hendrix and Alex Garner reflect on an eventful 2016 which saw them welcome first child after heartbreaking miscarriage 'What a year it's been!': Kris Jenner kicks off New Year's Eve Instagram messages by sharing collage and acknowledging 2016 was rocky William Christopher, best known for his portrayal of Father Mulcahy on the hit 70s TV show M*A*S*H, dies of cancer at age 84 GIRL ABOUT NEW YEAR: Pippa's family are trying to save the pennies as her wedding is set to cost a fortune  The family's online store has launched a sale. GIRL ABOUT NEW YEAR: Star Wars Carrie and her TV hunt for Prince Harry She once led chat show host Graham Norton on a quest to find the Prince GIRL ABOUT NEW YEAR: Heartache as sad Alice starts 2017... with divorce Alice Eve has formally separated from her husband GIRL ABOUT NEW YEAR: Lovelorn Cara's LA dash to rekindle her romance Absence has made the heart grow fonder for supermodel  SPOILER ALERT: EastEnders' Ronnie Mitchell looks grim-faced at wedding to Jack Branning... before making dramatic exit from the show with troubled sister Roxy New Year's Eve party can really begin now - Usain Bolt's arrived! Sprinter flies into UK to celebrate his beloved Manchester United's victory by partying with goalscorer Paul Pogba 'I miss LA': Chloe Lattanzi admits she's homesick after moving from California to Oregon with her fiancé to start a marijuana farm business  'My dude is HOT': Miley Cyrus admires her fiancé Liam Hemsworth as they attend a New Year's Eve party with his brother Chris and wife Elsa Pataky Ending the year on a bang! Reality star Courtney Stodden poses in white lace lingerie as she says 'bye 2016' The Price Is Right! Radio personality Steve Price 'will join Lisa Curry in the South African jungle for I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here!' Victoria's Secret model Megan Williams displays her sensational beach body in a black bikini as she frolics in the ocean in St Barts with her boyfriend  Nicki Minaj displays ample cleavage in sexy Instagram post in wake of deadly shooting outside concert of on-again, off-again beau Meek Mill Emma Forbes, 51, shows off stunning figure in chic scalloped swimsuit as she heads to the beach in Barbados with husband Graham Clempson Denim darling! Jenna Dewan shows off her fit form in a black bodysuit with jeans and leopard print booties while out in LA Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Trending: Tips for new tech devices IDG Editors on tech trends for '17 Tech luminaries we lost in 2016 Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. Face-off: Oracle vs. HPE for data warehousing Tips on shooting great video with your drone Free tools for your cyber-security efforts 5 tips for succeeding with a virtual workforce More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Home Tech Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Artificial Intelligence Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) CRM Collaboration Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Computer Hardware Computer Processors News Imagination plans new MIPS CPU, PowerVR GPU as it looks to bounce back Imagination refocuses its business and looks to diversify in IoT, automotive, and VR By Agam Shah | Follow U.S. Correspondent, IDG News Service | Dec 19, 2016 10:23 AM PT Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Imagination Technologies licenses its PowerVR graphics core designs to mobile phone manufacturers including Apple, which uses PowerVR in its iPhone 6S+ Credit: Peter Sayer/IDG News Service More like this Imagination GPU tech next year could power Apple iPhone 8 graphics Mobileye's self-driving car chip will pack a new MIPS CPU Imagination to battle ARM with MIPS server chips Video Mingis on Tech: Google rolls out the hardware It's been a rough year for Imagination Technologies. The CEO resigned in February, layoffs followed in the next month, and the cloud of being a takeover target hangs over the company. The company is best known as a provider of PowerVR GPUs for Apple's iPhone and the MIPS CPU architecture, which competes with Intel's X86 and ARM. Imagination has set its sights on a strong 2017 by taking an approach much like Intel did last year and refocusing on areas of growth, which include graphics and the internet of things. Imagination next year will release new PowerVR and MIPS chip designs, with the goal of driving growth in those areas. Imagination is following the path set by chip companies ARM and Intel, which have refocused their business around IoT. The chip designer has seen success in areas like set-top boxes, automotive tech, and networking, and it will continue to focus on those areas. But Imagination has the assets to succeed in emerging areas like virtual reality, and its technologies are already being used in VR headsets. Chip design business model Imagination has a business model similar to ARM's: It designs chips and licenses the designs to companies. Next year, Imagination will release the new Series8XT graphics processor, which will be targeted at a range of devices, including high-end phones and VR headsets. Apple, which is a minority shareholder in Imagination, could be one company licensing the Series8XT GPU. Apple tweaked the previous Series7XT used in the iPhone 7 and has used PowerVR technology in all iPhones to date. Imagination also wants to regain share in the mobile market as it expands the Series8XE graphics processor into low-end and mid-range phones, said Graham Deacon, senior director of business operations for PowerVR. That's a market Imagination has lost, with competitive GPUs from ARM and Qualcomm taking share. Imagination introduced Series8XE earlier this year, and the technology is reaching low- and mid-range devices. The goal is for Series8XT to be a harbinger of many new technologies, but all the GPUs will cram in more performance, Deacon said. New opportunities The PowerVR GPUs could find a place in infotainment systems and autonomous cars. There's a fair amount of research being done to tweak the GPUs for machine learning, Deacon said. There's also an opportunity in artificial intelligence, and Imagination is developing technologies and algorithms to tap into artificial intelligence uses, Deacon said. Imagination also plans to release new MIPS CPUs in the next year. MIPS CPUs have lost market share to ARM and Intel in the IoT market, but interest remains in the CPU architecture for cars, data centers, networking, and IoT devices. The company's strategy is to go after the massive volume opportunity in IoT and networking, rather than go after mobile application processors, said Steve Evans, vice president for business operations at MIPS. ARM has dominated the mobile device market in recent years. Intel recently quit making mobile CPUs, and MIPS hasn't found success. Only a handful of mobile handsets and tablets have used MIPS CPUs. But MIPS survives in other markets. Mobileye, which develops autonomous driving systems for cars, already uses MIPS CPUs. There are also many IoT devices, like low-speed LTE modems from Sequans and Altair, using MIPS CPUs. The company is also pitching the MIPS CPU for robots, drones, and other industrial applications. MIPS CPUs are also being used in wearables, particularly products developed in China. Imagination has targeted the MIPS CPU at servers in the past but with little success. But the fastest I6500-class CPU is comparable to the top-line ARM processor and is doing well, Evans said. While main CPUs in servers may be based on x86, there's interest for MIPS CPUs in the data-plane element, and companies like Broadcom and Cavium are making networking processors based on MIPS. Drones and robots Combining PowerVR and MIPS could provide a powerful chip combination for drones and robots. MIPS can provide the multi-core processing power, while PowerVR will provide the visual computing element, Imagination executives said. As the company looks to diversify into new markets, the cloud of getting acquired will hang over their head. But it's a public company with multiple shareholders, and it will continue focusing on what it does and won't be distracted, said David Harold, a company spokesman. To express your thoughts on Computerworld content, visit Computerworld's Facebook page, LinkedIn page and Twitter stream. Related: Computer Processors Mobile & Wireless Computer Hardware Review: Microsoft Teams tries to do Slack one better Shop Tech Products at Amazon You Might Like Notice to our Readers We're now using social media to take your comments and feedback. Learn more about this here. What Readers Like Cortana: The spy in Windows 10 Cortana, Windows 10’s built-in virtual assistant, is both really cool and really creepy. Project Fi has a powerful bonus feature hidden in plain sight Chart and image gallery: 30+ free tools for data visualization and analysis Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our daily newsletter Go Why you should start using Google Keep right away Services like Keep, Evernote and Microsoft OneNote are often called "note-taking apps." But they've... Say goodbye to the MS-DOS command prompt It had a good 36-year run, but its day is done. BrandPostsLearn more Sponsored by Sennheiser Audio Conferencing Finally Catches the Digital Transformation Wave Sponsored by VMware AirWatch A More Flexible Approach to App Containerization Popular Resources eBook Sponsored Huddle Spaces: The New Look for Corporate Workspaces White Paper Solving the Storage Dilemma for High-Performance Applications Video/Webcast Sponsored Amazon Web Services Provides Guidance on How to Take Control of Your Cloud-Based Infrastructure and Applications Video/Webcast Sponsored Case Study: How ILG Paints a Picture-Perfect View of Member Experience Video/Webcast Sponsored Customer focused Capture & Case Management in the Cloud Go Top Stories Trump offers cybersecurity warning: 'No computer is safe' President-elect Donald Trump weighed in on IT security at a New Year's Eve party, suggesting that the... Face-off: Oracle vs. HPE for data warehousing Considering a data warehouse system? Download this free report for side-by-side comparisons of rival... Making gas stations safe for fraudsters again With soaring online fraud, Mastercard and Visa have done what they can to boost in-store crime. They... 2016: The tech year in cartoons From Microsoft’s push to get users to upgrade to Windows 10 — whether they wanted to or not — to the... Sponsored Links Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
null
Variety Editions: U.S Latino Global Asia Subscribe Today! Navigation Menu Film TV Digital Contenders Video Dirt Scene More Biz Music Legit Jobs Conferences Insight Archives Directory Choose Edition: U.S Latino Global Asia Russia | My Account Sign In Subscribe Home Digital News Apple Starts Selling AirPods, Immediately Sells Out in Many Stores Janko Roettgers Senior Silicon Valley Correspondent @jank0 1 Share This Article Email LinkedIn Pin It Tumblr Print Courtesy of Apple December 19, 2016 | 10:53AM PT Apple officially started selling its AirPods earbuds Monday, but don’t expect to be able to pick up any at your local Apple store: A number of Apple’s retail locations across the country sold out of AirPods within minutes, according to reports on Twitter. Got to Apple Store 15min before open for AirPods, had about 25 people in line ahead of me, sold out in 10min, 4 people before me :( — Bearton (@sptonjohn) December 19, 2016 Apple first introduced AirPods when it unveiled the latest iPhone in September. However, the earbuds didn’t ship in time due to unspecified production issues, and only became available for pre-order last week, with the company telling consumers that it would make limited quantities available this week. Apple’s website doesn’t offer a store inventory checker, but a number of customers reported Monday on Twitter that stores just got a very limited number of the sought-after device. Update if you’re looking for AirPods in San Diego. Most stores seem to have 10 units or less and sold out this morning. — Adam Christianson (@maccast) December 19, 2016 Apple’s website currently tells customers that it will ship new orders in six weeks. Best Buy’s site states that AirPods are not available in stores, and won’t ship until February 7 next year. So if you are looking to give AirPods as a gift this holiday season, it may be time to consider alternatives. The constrained AirPods supply comes after Apple ditched the headphone jack with the iPhone 7, at the time telling consumers that wireless headphones like the AirPods were the future. To add insult to injury, Apple also had to postpone the launch of its BeatsX wireless headphones until next year. Filed Under: Apple Want to read more articles like this one? SUBSCRIBE TO VARIETY TODAY. Post A Comment 1 2016-2017 Oscar Predictions Give The Gift: Charge with Style Most Popular 1 TV 6:17PM PT ‘The New Celebrity Apprentice’: Arnold Schwarzenegger Finally Reveals Catchphrase (SPOILER) 2 Music 2:25PM PT Rebecca Ferguson Says She’ll Perform at Donald Trump’s Inauguration on One Condition 3 TV 11:55AM PT Fox News’ Sean Hannity Lands Interview With WikiLeaks Founder Julian Assange 4 TV 11:09AM PT Billie Lourd Breaks Silence on Deaths of Mom Carrie Fisher & Grandmother Debbie Reynolds 5 Film 10:28AM PT ‘La La Land’ Named Best Movie of the Year at Capri Hollywood Festival Oscars: ‘Rogue One,’ ‘Hacksaw Ridge,’ ‘13 Hours’ Mix It Up in Sound Categories Playback: Kevin Costner on ‘Hidden Figures,’ ‘Dances’ Memories and More ‘La La Land,’ ‘BFG,’ ‘Hidden Figures’ and More Tune Up Original Score Oscar Race The Top 10 Shots of 2016 Variety Jobs Creative Development Coordinator Triptyk Studios, New York, New York Account/Project Coordinator (Ad Agency) Petrol Advertising, Burbank, California Media Specialist Bridgewater Associates, Westport, Connecticut Executive Director, Aspen Film Company Confidential, Aspen, Colorado Associate Director, YouTuber & Gamer Partnerships Save the Children, Fairfield, Connecticut See More Jobs Marketplace Leave a Reply 1 Comment Cancel reply Comments are moderated. They may be edited for clarity and reprinting in whole or in part in Variety publications. Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. johninc says: December 31, 2016 at 10:19 am 12/13 Ordered mine on-line Apple Store app. Processed for 12 days, shipped in 3 days from Shanghai arriving 12/28; 15 days = awesome. Reply More Digital News from Variety The Power of Content Golden Globes, Golden Wrists: 4 Ways to Get the Latest Red… Will 'Twin Peaks' Get Sundance Sneak Before Showtime Debut? Michelle Obama's Edgy Winter Wardrobe Essential Is Jimmy Choo's… New Celebrity Apprentice Premiere: Who Were Arnold's First… You're running out of time to get unlimited free access to… Subscribe to Variety Today! All The Ways to Get Variety Online Subscription Print Subscription Mobile Apps Newsletters News Alerts Archives Slanguage Dictionary Help Other Variety Products Media: Variety 411 Research & Data: Variety Insight Archives Premium Email Alerts Real Estate Jobs Access the best entertainment industry data available View the Variety archives dating back to 1905 Get News Delivered To Your Inbox Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights Terms of Use About Us Advertise Contact Us Google+ The Power of Content Deadline india.com Hollywoodlife @hollywood TV Line BGR WWD Footwearnews © Copyright 2017 Variety Media, LLC, a subsidiary of Penske Business Media, LLC. Variety and the Flying V logos are trademarks of Variety Media, LLC. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Variety411: Your production services resource
News    Mega Man 1-6 release on iOS and Android next weekSuper Mario Run launch notifications now available on AndroidThe PlayStation Plus lineup for January has been announcedStar Wars legend, Carrie Fisher passes awayHottest Video Game-Based Slots For Your Ultimate Gaming PleasureBloodborne Official Artworks comes west on May 23VIEW ALL Reviews    The Walking Dead: A New Frontier – Episode 1: The Ties That Bind Us Part One and Two ReviewUrbanista Berlin Wireless Earphones ReviewMekazoo ReviewFinal Fantasy XV ReviewForza Horizon 3: Blizzard Mountain ReviewSurgeon Simulator: Experience Reality ReviewVIEW ALL Features    Overwatch has consumed my life and I couldn’t be happierTitanfall 2 is the unsung hero of 2016, and deserves every bit of your attentionPES 2017 was the PES that I finally got my mates to enjoyI’ll never be as disappointed as I was with No Man’s SkyModern Warfare Remastered is the swan song of the seriesUncharted 4 said goodbye to the series with wonder, emotion, and nostalgiaVIEW ALL Videos    LEGO Dimensions Year Two: Wave 6 RundownLogitech C922 Video ReviewWatch: Super Mario Maker for Nintendo 3DS previewCall of Duty: Infinite Warfare – Single Player Campaign VideoWatch: Let’s unbox a PS4 ProWatch: Titanfall 2 – We’ve played the final multiplayer buildVIEW ALL Podcasts    Podcast: Game of the Year 2016Podcast 09/12/16: Technical DifficultiesPodcast 23/11/16: Go in a room, knock one outPodcast 09/11/16: Busy, Busy, BusyPodcast 27/10/16: Wipe your arse standing upPodcast: Nose Bubbles (18/10/16)VIEW ALL Guides    10 combat tips for Final Fantasy XV7 beginner’s tips to help you in Pokémon Sun and Moon8 Tips to Conquer Deus Ex: Mankind DividedPokemon Go: Tips to be the best Poke-hunter11 Tips To Ensure Victory in Atlas Reactor6 tips to get the most out of BattlebornVIEW ALL Previews    Nier: Automata is Platinum (and Nier) at its bestFor Honor is a bloody union of intelligence and brute forceSuper Mario Run Preview: Undeniably BonkersWatch: Super Mario Maker for Nintendo 3DS previewThe Little Acre could be an adventure of a lifetimeWe Sing is uncomplicated, fun and full of great songsVIEW ALL SECTIONS News    Mega Man 1-6 release on iOS and Android next weekSuper Mario Run launch notifications now available on AndroidThe PlayStation Plus lineup for January has been announcedStar Wars legend, Carrie Fisher passes awayHottest Video Game-Based Slots For Your Ultimate Gaming PleasureBloodborne Official Artworks comes west on May 23VIEW ALL Reviews    The Walking Dead: A New Frontier – Episode 1: The Ties That Bind Us Part One and Two ReviewUrbanista Berlin Wireless Earphones ReviewMekazoo ReviewFinal Fantasy XV ReviewForza Horizon 3: Blizzard Mountain ReviewSurgeon Simulator: Experience Reality ReviewVIEW ALL Features    Overwatch has consumed my life and I couldn’t be happierTitanfall 2 is the unsung hero of 2016, and deserves every bit of your attentionPES 2017 was the PES that I finally got my mates to enjoyI’ll never be as disappointed as I was with No Man’s SkyModern Warfare Remastered is the swan song of the seriesUncharted 4 said goodbye to the series with wonder, emotion, and nostalgiaVIEW ALL Videos    LEGO Dimensions Year Two: Wave 6 RundownLogitech C922 Video ReviewWatch: Super Mario Maker for Nintendo 3DS previewCall of Duty: Infinite Warfare – Single Player Campaign VideoWatch: Let’s unbox a PS4 ProWatch: Titanfall 2 – We’ve played the final multiplayer buildVIEW ALL Podcasts    Podcast: Game of the Year 2016Podcast 09/12/16: Technical DifficultiesPodcast 23/11/16: Go in a room, knock one outPodcast 09/11/16: Busy, Busy, BusyPodcast 27/10/16: Wipe your arse standing upPodcast: Nose Bubbles (18/10/16)VIEW ALL Guides    10 combat tips for Final Fantasy XV7 beginner’s tips to help you in Pokémon Sun and Moon8 Tips to Conquer Deus Ex: Mankind DividedPokemon Go: Tips to be the best Poke-hunter11 Tips To Ensure Victory in Atlas Reactor6 tips to get the most out of BattlebornVIEW ALL Previews    Nier: Automata is Platinum (and Nier) at its bestFor Honor is a bloody union of intelligence and brute forceSuper Mario Run Preview: Undeniably BonkersWatch: Super Mario Maker for Nintendo 3DS previewThe Little Acre could be an adventure of a lifetimeWe Sing is uncomplicated, fun and full of great songsVIEW ALL   REGISTER @   LOGIN INFO Support us on Patreon Advertise Our Team Game of the Month Where do you keep your Ketchup? Contact INFO INFO Support us on Patreon Advertise Our Team Game of the Month Where do you keep your Ketchup? Contact Newsletter SUBSCRIBE   previous Orchestral Memories gets a new trailer with Dark Souls    random   next The Legend of Heroes: Trails of Cold Steel III launches in 2017 in Japan  Minecraft for Apple TV now available Updates included by Mikhail Madnani on December 19, 2016   Minecraft is now available on Apple TV. Before Apple closes down app and game approvals for the holidays, Minecraft has just been unleashed for Apple TV. It even includes lots of (seven pieces) DLC for free. These include the Holiday 2015, City Folk, and Town Folk skin packs with the Plastic, Natural, Cartoon, and Festive 2016 mash ups. It is currently rolling out across the App Store worldwide and costs £14.99 or regional equivalent. One point to note is this version does not support Minecraft Realms or Xbox Live yet. Those features are planned for the near future. Buy Minecraft for Apple TV here for £14.99. scrolling="no" frameborder="0" style="border:none; overflow:hidden; width:80px; height:62px;" allowTransparency="true"> News 4J Studiosappleapple tvbuildingiOSMinecraftMojang Mikhail MadnaniPart time writer part time JRPG and indie game enthusiast, Mikhail Madnani spends far too much time listening to video game music on Vinyl like a true hipster from India. MORE LIKE THIS     Minecraft console developer joins board of Team17  Minecraft: Console Edition gets a battle mini game this June  Horses Coming to the Console Versions of Minecraft  Minecraft will arrive on PS3 before PS4  Minecraft Xbox 360 Edition: What the Future Holds  Minecraft for Xbox 360 to be Playable at MineCon  Newly Added The Walking Dead: A New Frontier – Episode 1: The Ties That Bind Us Part One and Two Review 8.5   Overwatch has consumed my life and I couldn’t be happier  Titanfall 2 is the unsung hero of 2016, and deserves every bit of your attention  PES 2017 was the PES that I finally got my mates to enjoy  Mega Man 1-6 release on iOS and Android next week  Latest Reviews The Walking Dead: A New Frontier – Episode 1: The Ties That Bind Us Part One and Two Review 8.5   Urbanista Berlin Wireless Earphones Review  Mekazoo Review  Final Fantasy XV Review  Forza Horizon 3: Blizzard Mountain Review  Random Video Latest PODCAST Podcast: Game of the Year 2016 Full Story   8.5 The Walking Dead: A New Frontier – Episode 1: The Ties That Bind Us Part One and Two Review by Chris Whiteon January 2, 2017 Back and biting. Overwatch has consumed my life and I couldn’t be happier by Mikhail Madnanion December 31, 2016 Game of the year Titanfall 2 is the unsung hero of 2016, and deserves every bit of your attention by Mick Fraseron December 31, 2016 To BT or not to BT PES 2017 was the PES that I finally got my mates to enjoy by Dan Murphyon December 31, 2016 The evolution of greatness Mega Man 1-6 release on iOS and Android next week by Mikhail Madnanion December 31, 2016 Rock I’ll never be as disappointed as I was with No Man’s Sky by Chris Whiteon December 30, 2016 No Man's GOTY Modern Warfare Remastered is the swan song of the series by Nicola Ardronon December 30, 2016 Let's get soapy! Uncharted 4 said goodbye to the series with wonder, emotion, and nostalgia by Chris Whiteon December 30, 2016 Thanks for the memories Doom came from hell and surprised the world by Nicola Ardronon December 29, 2016 Better the devil you know 1234567 1234567 Reviews Latest Reviews PC PS4 Wii U Xbox One Community Facebook Podcast RSS Twitter YouTube Video Shows Blindfold Gaming Debatable Family Gamer For Your Amusement NewsRound Reasons to be Cheerful Score Attack The Retrocast All content copyright GodisaGeek.com Fonts by Google Fonts. GJ WP!
null
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Technology Trader Tech Infrastructure Will Rule The year ahead will be slow for consumer tech, but Internet infrastructure stocks will boom. By Tiernan Ray Biography December 17, 2016 The year ahead in tech will see a sharper-than-usual divide between personal technology and the building of what’s known as infrastructure for companies to use for data processing. In short: Consumer tech is faltering, while the realm of infrastructure shows greater and greater promise. The one topic that unites both is the prospect of a statutory tax-rate reduction, and a repatriation of overseas profits, under President Donald J.... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Where to Find Yield Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. PNC Financial: A Win-Win for Investors Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Will 2017 Be the Year of the Trump-Rooster? Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. US Foods: Cheap and Appetizing Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Defense Stocks: Raytheon, General Dynamics Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Fast Growing Companies at Value Prices 2 What to Watch for on Wall Street 3 3 ETFs for 2017: Trump and Rising Rates Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Interview Advice From Wall Street’s Go-To Tax Man Robert Willens, an expert on the U.S. tax code, discusses how to position yourself for the Trump tax plan. By Andrew Bary Biography December 17, 2016 Robert Willens is one of Wall Street’s leading tax and financial-accounting experts. When hedge funds and other investors want advice on whether companies such as Yahoo! and Liberty Media can use the complex tax code for potentially value-creating transactions, they often seek his input. Willens, 70, has been offering his brand of advice for almost 30 years, first as a tax and accounting analyst at Lehman Brothers from 1987 to 2007, and since early 2008 at his own firm, Robert Willens LLC. A Columbia Business School professor for... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Where to Find Yield Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. PNC Financial: A Win-Win for Investors Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Will 2017 Be the Year of the Trump-Rooster? Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. US Foods: Cheap and Appetizing Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Defense Stocks: Raytheon, General Dynamics Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Fast Growing Companies at Value Prices 2 What to Watch for on Wall Street 3 3 ETFs for 2017: Trump and Rising Rates Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Apple in 2017: What’s next for Mac, iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch & Apple TV this year Trending in Apple Apple Watch, New Year’s resolutions, and losing 50 pounds Trending in Reviews Hands-on: LG Apple-endorsed 5K Display – an UltraFine choice for MacBook Pro owners? [Video] Trending in Apple Review: Nanoleaf’s Aurora smart lighting panels match modular customization with HomeKit control [Video] Trending in Apple iPhone 8: Everything we currently know about Apple’s 10th anniversary flagship Trending in Apple Comment: Apple continues to explore bringing the Digital Crown to iPhones & iPads, and I still like the idea December 19, 2016 AAPL: 116.64 0.67 Minecraft ‘Apple TV Edition’ now available for tvOS with limited edition DLC Michael Potuck - 2 weeks ago @michaelpotuck Apps & Updates Apple TV Minecraft View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Back in October, Apple announced during its keynote that Minecraft would be coming to tvOS later this year. With about two weeks to spare, Minecraft Apple TV Edition has been released today for $19.99. Minecraft Apple TV Edition is likely to be a popular release with Minecraft fans having extra time away from school and work during the holidays. Included with the paid download is a variety of limited edition DLC to customize your Minecraft experience and also includes the recent Ender Update. Here are more details from the press release. If either of those are true, I bring good news! We’ve just released Minecraft for the slim black boxes. And, for a limited time, it comes with seven pieces of lovely DLC, giving you the chance to customise the fun to your liking. Minecraft: Apple TV Edition currently includes the Holiday 2015, Town Folk, and City Folk skin packs, along with the Plastic, Natural, Cartoon, and Festive 2016 mash-ups. It costs $19.99 and is rolling out in all regions as I type. Apple TV Edition also includes the Ender Update. We’ve just posted about that on this very website! For now, Minecraft Apple TV Edition will not support Realms or Xbox Live, but they are said to be coming with future updates. Guides Apple TV View THe Guide Minecraft View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
null
null
Search Newsletters Crossword Notices My Account Subscribe Sign In Menu The Irish Times Tue, Jan 3, 2017 Sign In Welcome The Irish Times News Sport Business Opinion Life & Style Culture More Video Podcasts Executive Jobs Search Subscribe My Account Sign In Business The Economy Budget 2017 Small Business All Business The Economy Budget 2017 Small Business Your Money Personal Finance Exchange Rates Markets Funds Tracker Companies Financial Services Agribusiness & Food Energy & Resources Health & Pharma Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Services Transport & Tourism Technology How to ... Data Privacy Tech Tools Work Commercial Property Construction Comment Columnists Innovation Specials Panama Papers Entrepreneur of the Year AIB Start-up Academy Podcasts Business Podcast Partner Sites Top1000 By using this website, you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy. X Apple dismisses tax bill, says Ireland ‘doesn’t do any engineering for us’ Company reveals how it will challenge EU’s ‘absurd’ €13bn bill in European court Mon, Dec 19, 2016, 08:16 Updated: Mon, Dec 19, 2016, 18:24 Apple: The global tech giant is ‘a convenient target because it generates lots of headlines’, the company’s general counsel claims. Photograph: Reuters/Mike Segar         Apple will launch a legal challenge this week to a record $14 billion EU tax demand, arguing that EU regulators ignored tax experts and corporate law and deliberately picked a method to maximise the penalty, senior executives said. Apple’s combative stand underlines its anger with the European Commission, which said on August 30th that the company’s Irish tax deal amounted to illegal state aid and ordered it to repay up to €13 billion to Ireland, where Apple has its European headquarters. European Competition commissioner Margrethe Vestager, a former Danish economy minister, said Apple’s Irish tax bill implied a tax rate of 0.005 per cent in 2014. Apple intends to lodge an appeal against the commission’s ruling at Europe’s second highest court this week, general counsel Bruce Sewell and chief financial officer Luca Maestri told Reuters in an interview at the company’s global headquarters in Cupertino, California. The iPhone and iPad maker was singled out because of its success, Mr Sewell said. “Apple is not an outlier in any sense that matters to the law. Apple is a convenient target because it generates lots of headlines. It allows the commissioner to become Dane of the year for 2016,” he said, referring to the title accorded by Danish newspaper Berlingske last month. Apple will tell judges that the commission was not diligent in its investigation because it disregarded tax experts brought in by Irish authorities. “Now the Irish have put in an expert opinion from an incredibly well-respected Irish tax lawyer,” Mr Sewell said. “The commission not only didn’t attack that – didn’t argue with it, as far as we know – they probably didn’t even read it. Because there is no reference [in the commission decision] whatsoever.” Sheltering profits In 2014, the European Commission accused Ireland of dodging international tax rules by letting Apple shelter profits worth tens of billions of dollars from tax collectors in return for maintaining jobs. Apple and Ireland denied the accusation. ADVERTISEMENT The commission’s tax demand angered the US government, which accused the EU of grabbing revenue intended for US coffers. Apple also intends to challenge the EU enforcer’s basis for its case, arguing that the “crazy notion of nonresidency” was chosen on purpose to produce a punitive amount. Other arguments the EU could have used are ones based on transfer pricing – the pricing strategy between a company’s units – or the “arm’s length” principle. This is adopted by companies to sell to and buy from affiliates as if they were unrelated firms. “Both of those other two theories at least could be fleshed out, but they produced much lower numbers,” Mr Sewell said. He said it was not possible for Apple to comply with the EU decision because it would require Ireland to violate its own past tax laws setting different rules for residents and nonresident companies. The Irish Government is also appealing against the commission’s tax demand. It believes it must protect a tax regime that has attracted many multinational employers to the country. Apple plans to tell the court that the commission erred when it ruled that the head office of Irish-registered units Apple Sales International (ASI) and Apple Operations Europe existed only on paper, with no justification for the billions of euros it posted in untaxed profits. Mr Sewell said the fact that an entity was a holding company with no employees on its books did not mean it was inactive and it could be actively managed by employees of its parent company. “So when Tim Cook, who is the CEO of our company, makes decisions that impact ASI, the commission says we don’t care because he is not an ASI employee, he is an Apple Inc employee. But to say that somehow Tim Cook can’t make decisions for ASI is a complete misstatement of corporate law, it’s a misunderstanding of how corporations operate.” Absurd theory Luca Maestri said the commission over-estimated the importance of the company’s European headquarters in Cork. Margrethe Vestager, he said, is “arguing that the base on which we should pay taxes in Ireland is essentially all the profits we generate outside the United States . . . in a place that doesn’t do any engineering, doesn’t generate any intellectual property for us.” It was, he added, an “absurd theory”. Apple hopes president-elect Donald Trump will enact reforms to tackle tax avoidance, which has led to trillions of dollars in profits being held abroad by US companies, Mr Sewell said. Europeans, he said, were operating under a localised tax system, while the United States had a global deferred system. “The difference between those two creates exactly the kind of loophole that the commission has now been able to exploit.” Currently, a law lets US companies hold foreign profits overseas without paying US corporate tax on them, unless those profits are brought into the United States. Corporations have $2.6 trillion stashed abroad under this law. Apple topped the list, with $200 billion of profits held overseas, according to March estimates by Citizens for Tax Justice, a corporate income tax watchdog group in Washington. – Reuters       Topics: Apple tax Read More Cliff Taylor: Battle lines drawn in State’s EU Apple appeal Court ruling on Spanish tax may give clues to Apple appeal Meet ‘the Maxforce’ – the EU team that fined Ireland €13bn over Apple Apple CEO invited to attend tax ruling hearing in Dublin EU Court asks Government to tweak its Apple tax appeal European Commission refuses to comment on Noonan claims EU Commission ‘exceeded its powers’ in Apple tax case Finland plans to hand out no-strings cash to unemployed Fed to remain cautious on interest rates, top economists say EY expects Irish economy to continue to grow Subscribe.   More from The Irish Times Transport & Tourism Why Ryanair is offering package holidays now Work Millennials start new year with old-school paper diaries and pens English Soccer Jermain Defoe double leaves Liverpool frustrated Irish Times After 2016, economic forecasting for 2017 has got to be perilous Sponsored Making a difficult fertility journey a lot less lonely Redbreast Lustau: an old friend with a new whiskey perspective Infertility and the workplace: one woman's experience Do you know how much you’ll save by switching health plan? ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Latest Business Irish property prices to increase by at least 8% in 2017 01:00 European shares lifted by positive manufacturing data 18:15 Michael ‘Kell’ Ryan, brother of Ryanair founder, dies in England 17:10 Dollar recovers from two-week lows in thin market trading 15:24 More than 2,000 jobs saved by examinership in 2016 14:22 ADVERTISEMENT Most Read in Business 1 Irish property prices to increase by at least 8% in 2017 2 Why Ryanair is offering package holidays now 3 AIB steps up High Court pursuit of unsecured borrowers 4 Challenging times ahead as Denis O’Brien exits tough 2016 5 Braced for Brexit – and the death of Queen Elizabeth 6 Starting out on your own: nine things NOT to do 7 Nokia’s Irish unit slips into the red as revenues down €10.6m 8 Jazz Pharma named as Barclays stock pick for 2017 9 HSBC may appoint woman as new chairperson 10 How to write the story of your start-up Never miss a story. SUBSCRIBE Subscribe About Us Policy & Terms Subscribe Subscription Bundles Gift Subscriptions Home Delivery Irish Times Products & Services ePaper eBooks Crosswords Newspaper Archive Email Alerts & Newsletters Article Archive Executive Jobs Page Sales Photo Sales About Us Advertise Contact Us The Irish Times Trust Careers Our Partners Rewarding Times MyHome.ie Irish Racing Entertainment.ie Top 1000 MyAntiques.ie The Gloss Irish Times Training Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Information Community Standards Copyright FAQs © 2015 THE IRISH TIMES For the best site experience please enable JavaScript in your browser settings Sign In Sign In Forgot Password? Don't have an account? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles The ePaper eBooks Subscriber Rewards IT Sunday Email Newsletters Breaking news app My Account Newspaper Archive Crossword Club Sign Out SUBSCRIBE Tue 3/1/2017 News Year in Review State Papers Ireland World Politics Crime & Law Social Affairs Health Education Sport Rugby Soccer Gaelic Games Golf Racing Other Sports Women in Sport Comment Business The Economy Your Money Companies Technology Work Commercial Property Comment Opinion Editorials Letters Columnists An Irishman's Diary Opinion & Analysis Martyn Turner Life & Style Food & Drink Homes & Property Health & Family People Travel Motors Fashion Abroad Culture Books Film Music Stage Art & Design TV, Radio, Web Treibh More You are what you read eBooks Offers Jobs Family Notices Competitions Video Podcasts Inside Politics World View Second Captains Business Róisín Meets Off Topic The Women's Podcast Executive Jobs Crosswords Newsletters Notices Forgot Password? Sign In Invalid email or password. Not an Irish Times subscriber? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles Specially selected and available only to our subscribers Newspaper Archive 150 years of Irish Times journalism Crossword Club Digital Simplex and Crosaire crosswords eBooks Carefully curated selections of Irish Times writing Subscriber Rewards Exclusive offers, discounts and invitations IT Sunday Your weekly email exclusively curated for subscribers Email Newsletters Sign up to get the stories you want delivered to your inbox My Account Manage your account The ePaper An exact digital replica of the printed paper Breaking news app Our Apple and Android apps to read on the go Sign Out
Close Apple appeals EU order to collect $14B in back taxes - Brownsville Herald: Business Subscribe Herald Alerts | Online Edition | Subscribe Welcome to the site! Login or Signup below. Login|Signup Login|My Dashboard|Register Logout|My Dashboard 63° Clear Brownsville Herald News Local Valley Texas US & World Business Education SpaceX LNG in the RGV Elections Weather Entertainment El Extra App for Android and iOS The Latest City improves access to exercise Whether it is tossing discs at Monte Bella Park or riding a bike on the Belden Trail, residents of Brownsville may notice that their options have been greatly expanded. Posted: January 01 rss Texas News South Texas fossil could be reptile that swam 90M years ago Storms push across South, damaging buildings, cutting power Protection sought for New Mexico park's geothermal deposits 3 released in Dakota Access pipeline stadium protest Winning numbers drawn in 'Daily 4 Evening' game Winning numbers drawn in 'Pick 3 Evening' game Sports H.S. Football H.S. Baseball H.S. Basketball H.S. Soccer H.S. Track H.S. Volleyball H.S. Sports Local Sports National Sports RGVSports.com South Texas Outdoors UTRGV Athletic Survey The Latest USC hits FG at gun, beats Penn State 52-49 in epic Rose Bowl AP New! PASADENA, Calif. (AP) — Matt Boermeester kicked a 46-yard field goal as time expired, and No. 9 Southern California rallied from a 14-point deficit in the fourth quarter for a spectacular 52-49 victory over No. 5 Penn State on Monday night in the highest-scoring Rose Bowl ever played. Posted: January 02 Sports, Rose Bowl Game, College Football More From The Latest Coming up on Calipari podcast: Louisville coach Rick Pitino Serena Williams wins opening match in Auckland Rose Parade features colorful floats, heavy police security 3 released in Dakota Access pipeline stadium protest Obituaries Life Tu Salud Autism Contests Puzzles Comics Kingdom Texas Lottery Community Community Calendar Business Directory Church Directory Health Directory NIE Opinion Letters to the Editor Editorials Customer Service Subscribe MyBrownsvilleHerald.com Activate Account Start/Stop Delivery Pay Your Bill Complaints Contact Us About Us Home Delivery Legal Notices Classifieds Jobs Autos Homes Service Directory RGV Alerts Careers Don't Miss: Hurricane Safety Guide Celebrating the Port of Brownsville Home News Business Apple appeals EU order to collect $14B in back taxes Story Comments Print Create a hardcopy of this page Font Size: Default font size Larger font size Previous Next Mark Lennihan Apple appeals EU order to collect $14B in back taxes FILE - In this Sept. 5, 2014, file photo, the Apple logo hangs in the glass box entrance to the company's Fifth Avenue store in New York. Apple is appealing a European Union order to collect a record 13 billion euros ($14 billion) in taxes, following a similar appeal by Ireland. The move comes about four months after EU competition authorities said Apple owed back taxes based on the way it reports European-wide profits through Ireland. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File) Posted: Monday, December 19, 2016 11:01 am Apple appeals EU order to collect $14B in back taxes Associated Press | CUPERTINO, Calif. (AP) — Apple is appealing a European Union order to collect a record 13 billion euros ($14 billion) in back taxes based on the way it reports European-wide profits through Ireland. The move follows a similar appeal Sunday by Ireland. Ireland charges the Cupertino, California-based company only for sales within Ireland. EU Competition Commissioner Margrethe Vestager said the arrangement let Apple use two shell companies incorporated in Ireland to report its Europe-wide profits at effective rates well under 1 percent. In a statement Monday, Apple said the EU took "unilateral action and retroactively changed the rules, disregarding decades of Irish tax law, U.S. tax law as well as global consensus on tax policy." "If their opinion is allowed to stand, Apple would pay 40 percent of all the corporate income tax collected in Ireland, which is unprecedented and, far from leveling the playing field, selectively targets Apple," Apple said. "This has no basis in fact or law and we're confident the ruling will be overturned." Apple says it has a worldwide income tax rate of around 26 percent. The Irish and Apple appeals set the stage for a titanic legal battle that has implications for more than 600 U.S. multinationals based in Ireland and thousands more using tax-avoidance vehicles globally. The EU's Department of Finance has pledged to close rules permitting shell companies, though global companies could avoid that obstacle by shifting the same accounting strategies to other countries beyond the EU's wrath. © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. More about Business The Latest: Trump expected to tap Lighthizer for trade rep The Latest: Trump expected to tap Lighthizer for trade rep ARTICLE: The Latest: Trump expected to tap Lighthizer for trade rep ARTICLE: SpaceX finds source of rocket explosion, plans new launch Protection sought for New Mexico park's geothermal deposits More about General News Storms push across South, damaging buildings, cutting power Storms push across South, damaging buildings, cutting power Storms push across South, damaging buildings, cutting power Storms push across South, damaging buildings, cutting power Storms push across South, damaging buildings, cutting power More about Technology ARTICLE: SpaceX finds source of rocket explosion, plans new launch For Trump, the 1980s still hold relevance Obama boosted White House technology; Trump sees risks ARTICLE: Obama boosted White House technology; Trump sees risks ARTICLE: Trump still not sold on Russian link to hacking Discuss Print Posted in Business on Monday, December 19, 2016 11:01 am. | Tags: Business, General News, Technology, Government Finance, Government Business And Finance, Government And Politics, National Governments, Legislation, Legislature | Location Tags: Ireland, Europe, California, United States, Western Europe, North America Custom Search Site Web Follow us on Facebook Today's Edition tab 0 tab 1 Calendar today's events browse submit Online Features Real Estate Where there is a will - and more - th... Brandpoint (BPT) 4 statement pieces to elevate your ba... Brandpoint (BPT) Beyond the front door: The benefits o... Brandpoint (BPT) New neutrals dominate the color trend... Brandpoint (BPT) Bathroom renovations even the pickies... Brandpoint (BPT) 4 tips to help keep your home warm, c... Brandpoint (BPT) DIY projects to increase the resale v... Brandpoint (BPT) How to get the most out of your lawn ... Brandpoint (BPT) 3 reasons why winter is a smart time ... Brandpoint (BPT) 6 holiday-friendly home design features Brandpoint (BPT) Pet Central Having a pet is a lot of responsibility, and we’ll help by giving you lots of tips and tricks! More >> Fitness Our fitness articles will help teach you how to work out with gym- and home-based exercises. More >> Crosswords Enjoy the crosswords challenge in our free daily puzzles, from the harder Sunday crossword to the quicker daily. More >> Sudoku Every Sudoku has a unique solution that can be reached logically. Enter numbers into the blank spaces so that each row, column and 3x3 box contains the numbers 1 to 9. More >> tab 0 tab 1 tab 2 Homes WAREHOUSES for lease Dry & Cold Storage 5,000 & 10,000 Updated: 5:00 am Storefront/Warehouse for sale in Elsa, Tx. 25,000 sq. ft. Watermill Updated: 5:00 am MGM PLATINUM RANCHES $59,900 Updated: 5:00 am More Homes Cars 2006 Holiday Rambler Savoy 5th Wheel. 28'-1 slide. Tropical Trail $6,000 Updated: 5:00 am 2007 Honda VTX 1300, pearl white, new tires, new battery $3,800 Updated: 5:00 am FOR SALE: 2005 Ford Mustang GT, Exc. Cond., 8 Cyl. Updated: 5:00 am More Cars Calendar today's events browse submit Friends2Follow Follow us on Twitter Tweets from https://twitter.com/BrownsvilleNews/herald-newsroom Today's Edition Online Features Online Features Real Estate Where there is a will - and more - th... Brandpoint (BPT) 4 statement pieces to elevate your ba... Brandpoint (BPT) Beyond the front door: The benefits o... Brandpoint (BPT) New neutrals dominate the color trend... Brandpoint (BPT) Bathroom renovations even the pickies... Brandpoint (BPT) 4 tips to help keep your home warm, c... Brandpoint (BPT) DIY projects to increase the resale v... Brandpoint (BPT) How to get the most out of your lawn ... Brandpoint (BPT) 3 reasons why winter is a smart time ... Brandpoint (BPT) 6 holiday-friendly home design features Brandpoint (BPT) Pet Central Having a pet is a lot of responsibility, and we’ll help by giving you lots of tips and tricks! More >> Fitness Our fitness articles will help teach you how to work out with gym- and home-based exercises. More >> Crosswords Enjoy the crosswords challenge in our free daily puzzles, from the harder Sunday crossword to the quicker daily. More >> Sudoku Every Sudoku has a unique solution that can be reached logically. Enter numbers into the blank spaces so that each row, column and 3x3 box contains the numbers 1 to 9. More >> Ads by Google Site Web Custom Search Advertising Advertising Place an Ad Co-op Advertising Commercial Print National Advertising Archives Archives Story Archives Obituaries Archives Subscriber Services Subscriber Services Subscribe Services Online Services Online Services RSS Feeds WebSites WebSites ElNuevoHeraldo.com RGVSports.com Copyright © 2016 The contents of this website may not be reproduced without written permission from The Brownsville Herald. All rights reserved. 1135 E. Van Buren St, Brownsville, TX 78520 | (956) 542-4301 Careers | Autos | Homes | Jobs | Classifieds AIM Media TX LLC © Copyright 2017, Brownsville Herald, Brownsville, TX. Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com. [Terms of Use | Privacy Policy] Screen Name or Email Password Forgot? Login Screen Name or Email Now I remember! Need an account? Create one now.
CNET Reviews Best Products CNET 100 Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Crave Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home CNET Smart Home CNET Smart Apartment Smart Home News Smart Home How To Best Smart Home Devices Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español CNET Home Entertainment You can now play Minecraft on your Apple TV You can now play Minecraft on your Apple TV The game costs $19.99 and is rolling out in all regions. Home Entertainment by Dan Graziano December 19, 2016 9:49 AM PST @DanGraziano Up Next The robots are coming to CES, and we can't wait to meet them Photo by Minecraft The holidays have come early for Apple TV owners. The hit game Minecraft is now available on Apple's set-top box. Minecraft: Apple TV Edition, which was first announced in October, lets players dig for resources and construct buildings out of textured cubes. You can also fight monsters, explore the never-ending world and craft various items. The game is available now for $19.99. For a limited time, it comes with seven downloadable content packs. They include the Holiday 2015, Town Folk, and City Folk skin packs, along with the Plastic, Natural, Cartoon, and Festive 2016 mashups. While the Apple TV Edition doesn't currently support Minecraft Realms or Xbox Live, both features are said to arrive "in the near future" as part of an update. 16 The art of Minecraft: Building beauty, block by block Share your voice 0 comments Tags Apple Home Entertainment Gaming TV OS Apple All the latest Apple news, featuring developments on the iPhone, iPad, Macbooks, OS X and much more. Dec 31 Parents' lawsuit claims FaceTime caused daughter's death Dec 31 10 iPad tips every new owner should know Dec 29 ​Super Mario Run for iPhone: Price, gameplay and more Dec 29 Tim Cook calls AirPods a 'runaway success' All Apple Stories Related Stories Weekend streaming: 'Iron Man' arrives on Hulu Weekend streaming: 'Captain America: Civil War' hits Netflix What's new on Amazon Prime video for January 2017 Lots of new TV shows and movies hit Hulu in January 2017 Close   Discuss: You can now play Minecraft on your Apple... Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: The robots are coming to CES, and we can't wait to meet them Iyaz's Top 5 favorite gadgets The host of "Top 5" lets you know which devices he's thrilled with. by Iyaz Akhtar 1:57 Most anticipated tech coming in 2017 Get a taste of what gadget wonders this year holds in store. by Bridget Carey Close Drag CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
BACK TO Best Right Now How Tos Award Winners How We Test Menu Laptops | Our Categories Home & Outdoors Dishwashers Refrigerators Laundry Ovens Freezers Microwaves Vacuums Robot Vacuums Smart Home Luxury Appliances Tech Televisions Cameras Lenses Headphones Smartphones Laptops Camcorders Tablets Wearables Cars Reviews Brands & Categories Reviews By Brand Reviews By Category Gaming Rugged Ultra Portable Desktop Replacement Reviews By Price $0 to $500 $500 to $1000 $1000 to $1500 $1500 to $2000 $2000 or more News Video Reviewed.com Best Right Now How Tos Award Winners How We Test Laptops Reviews News Video Our Categories Televisions Cameras Lenses Headphones Smartphones Laptops Camcorders Tablets Wearables Dishwashers Refrigerators Laundry Ovens Freezers Microwaves Vacuums Robot Vacuums Smart Home Luxury Appliances Cars Why are laptop makers ruining their own keyboards? Where have all the good keyboards gone? 0 comments Share: SMS Credit: Getty Images / peshkov Brendan Nystedt December 12, 2016 This year's been a rough one for a number of reasons. Celebrity deaths and the rancorous election season aside, 2016 will forever be known as the worst year ever for laptop keyboards. In the race to make laptops as thin as physically possible, the first thing to get the axe seems to be a halfway decent keyboard. Now, I'm not saying that there isn't room to experiment with keyboards. The backlit laptop keyboard was an experiment and it should be a standard feature on every laptop. But, if you're somebody who needs to write using a laptop, 2016 has been a complete travesty. Models from Apple, Lenovo, Asus, and others have tried too hard to fix what wasn't even remotely broken. Credit: Reviewed.com / Brendan Nystedt It sure looks like a keyboard, but it's a tragic excuse for a typing experience. Take for instance the experimental Yoga Book. This tablet-y laptoppy thing almost defies definition. It's super thin, and has a big area that can be used with an included digital pen to draw and sketch. That's awesome, but Lenovo forgot something: an actual keyboard. Instead, this touch-sensitive Halo Keyboard has light-up keys that you can use to "type" on. Of course, since the keys are just lit up squares on an otherwise hard surface you're not "typing" so much as you are blindly flailing your fingers around while silently praying, "Take the wheel, autocorrect!" Lenovo also changed its stock keyboard layout on the top-tier Yoga 900 and 910 to reemphasize the arrow keys. That's awesome for people who demanded bigger arrow keys, but terrible news for anyone who likes punctuation and proper nouns, with the right shift key shoved all the way over to the right, behind the up arrow. When setting up these new Lenovos, I constantly think I'm going nuts mistyping everything. The biggest offender of the lot? Apple's MacBook Pro. The Pro's keyboards were transformed this year, going from hands-down the best in the world to merely a love-it-or-hate-it proposition. Pioneered by the likes of Vaio, the buttery smooth chiclet-style keyboards perfected by Apple had become the norm across the industry on premium laptops. Now Apple's trying to squeeze every millimeter out of its laptops with a new "butterfly switch" keyboard much like what the ultra-thin MacBook sports. "Take the wheel, autocorrect!" The Pro's switch is better than the 12-inch MacBook, but it still feels uncomfortable when compared with older Macs. Just walk into your local Best Buy or Apple Store and use the new MacBook Pro and any older device. Alternatively, just start tapping on the nearest solid surface; it's basically the same thing. User reports also indicate that the new keyboards are also significantly louder than before, which is awkward if you've ever been self-conscious while hammering away at meetings or in a lecture hall. Credit: Reviewed.com / Brendan Nystedt Apple's vision of a modern keyboard is barely a step-up from typing on a tablet's screen. In a specialized model like the MacBook, a funky flat keyboard is fine; that laptop's whole purpose is to be as slim and light as possible. But, I don't think a lot of folks wanted thinner Pros and certainly not at the expense of a keyboard downgrade. After all, Apple didn't need to ruin the keyboard in the awesome MacBook Air, so why does the Pro have to suffer needlessly? To add insult to injury, Apple has tried its hardest to spin these compromised, shallow butterfly-switch keyboards as a positive. I mean, it's better than the original 12-inch MacBook, but you don't get extra credit for breaking something and then fixing it halfway. For instance, I'd never heard anyone mention key "stability" as a leading factor of typing feel until Apple started banging that drum. The Pro keyboards were said to have a "greater sense of travel" than the MacBook. Translation: the keys still barely move but you'll think they're moving a tiny bit more. Typists of the world—are we going to settle for lackluster and downright uncomfortable experiences? Heck, no! I'm calling on all you laptop totin' keyboard lovers out there to stand up for a good old-fashioned typing experience. Because if these weird, occasionally bad keyboards become the norm, we'll have nobody to blame but ourselves. Related Video Our editors review and recommend products to help you buy the stuff you need. If you make a purchase by clicking one of our links, we may earn a small share of the revenue. Our picks and opinions are independent from any business incentives. Corsair STRAFE Mechanical Gaming Keyboard, Red LED, Cherry MX Red Buy now for $71.99 at Amazon How does this work? Reviewed.com offers the ability to purchase products through our affiliate programs with retail partners. While we earn a small percentage of the sale, make no mistake that our ethics policy is strongly enforced here, too. You can buy products that have received both positive and negative reviews, because we realize that there's a right product for everyone. Be in the know! Get Reviewed.com news and reviews straight to your inbox. Sign Up Thanks for signing up! Share: SMS Advertisement Advertisement Copyright Copyright © 2017 Reviewed.com. All rights reserved. All trademarks and product names are the property of their respective owners. We make no guarantees regarding any of the advice offered on this web site or by its staff or users. User comments and postings are not the responsibility of Reviewed.com. Our editors review and recommend products to help you buy the stuff you need. If you make a purchase by clicking one of our links, we may earn a small share of the revenue. Our picks and opinions are independent from any business incentives. About Us About Us Advertising How We Test How We Score How We Award Ethics Science Blog Terms of Service Privacy Policy Ad Choices Sitemap Send Feedback Our Sites Home & Outdoors Dishwashers Refrigerators Laundry Ovens Freezers Microwaves Vacuums Robot Vacuums Smart Home Luxury Appliances Tech Televisions Cameras Lenses Headphones Smartphones Laptops Camcorders Tablets Wearables Cars Be in the know! Get Reviewed.com news and reviews straight to your inbox. Sign Up Thanks for signing up! Part of USA TODAY Tech Skip this ad Advertisement. The page you requested will display in seconds. × Be the first to know about News, Reviews & Deals Yes I want to be in the know! No, I don't need to know Thank you for signing up! Look for the latest news & reviews in your inbox soon. Close
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Elections 2016 Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Elections 2016 Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ TOP TRENDING x Share 14 4 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Apple appeals EU's $14B ruling on Irish taxes Union ruled Apple must pay billions in back taxes to Ireland. Post to Facebook Apple appeals EU's $14B ruling on Irish taxes Union ruled Apple must pay billions in back taxes to Ireland.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2i0n2Iy {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 6 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Apple appeals EU's $14B ruling on Irish taxes Brett Molina , USA TODAY 7:05 p.m. EST December 19, 2016 Apple is devoting time and resources to a secret project. Could investors capitalize? (Photo: Motley Fool) Apple and Ireland are appealing an August ruling by the European Union requiring the tech giant to pay $14.5 billion in back taxes. "The Commission took unilateral action and retroactively changed the rules, disregarding decades of Irish tax law, U.S. tax law, as well as global consensus on tax policy, that everyone has relied on," Apple said in a statement Monday. Apple (AAPL) shares ended up 0.6% at $116.64. In August, the European Commission concluded Apple was receiving illegal tax benefits in Ireland for two decades. A three-year investigation found Apple's effective corporate tax rate on its European profits dropped from 1% in 2003 to 0.0005% in 2014. Apple vowed to fight the ruling, and the Cupertino, Calif., tech giant did so in an appeal filed Monday. "Apple is not an outlier in any sense that matters to the law," Apple general counsel Bruce Sewell told Reuters. "Apple is a convenient target because it generates lots of headlines." In a separate statement, Ireland's Finance Ministry says the European Commission "misunderstood" the facts of the case and Irish law. USA TODAY Apple must pay up to $14.5B in back taxes to Ireland "Ireland did not give favorable tax treatment to Apple," reads the ministry's statement. "The full amount of tax was paid in this case and no State aid was provided. Ireland does not do deals with taxpayers." The European Commission referred back to its August statement. Margrethe Vestager, the EU Competition Commissioner who oversees antitrust and competition, in September told USA TODAY: "We find that due to two tax rulings, Apple has received illegal state aid from Ireland in forms of taxes not being paid. And, of course, these taxes have to be paid." The Obama Administration has also supported Apple in this case, a contrast with the criticism leveled by some U.S. lawmakers — including president-elect Donald Trump — that Apple has avoided some U.S. income tax by using offshore entities, including those in Ireland. In a statement, the U.S. Treasury Department said the ruling will threaten America's corporate tax base. "We continue to believe the Commission is retroactively applying a sweeping new State aid theory that is contrary to well-established legal principles, calls into question the tax rules of individual countries, and threatens to undermine the overall business climate in Europe‎." Follow Brett Molina on Twitter: @brettmolina23. 14 CONNECTTWEET 4 LINKEDIN 6 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2i0n2Iy NEVER MISS OUT Tech Be the earliest adopter. Know what’s in, what’s out, and what’s awesome before anyone else does, Monday-Friday. Privacy Notice THANKS FOR SIGNING UP FOR THE Tech NEWSLETTER We're sorry. something went wrong. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-872-0001Sign up for more Newsletters
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Apple in 2017: What’s next for Mac, iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch & Apple TV this year Trending in Apple Apple Watch, New Year’s resolutions, and losing 50 pounds Trending in Reviews Hands-on: LG Apple-endorsed 5K Display – an UltraFine choice for MacBook Pro owners? [Video] Trending in Apple Review: Nanoleaf’s Aurora smart lighting panels match modular customization with HomeKit control [Video] Trending in Apple iPhone 8: Everything we currently know about Apple’s 10th anniversary flagship Trending in Apple Comment: Apple continues to explore bringing the Digital Crown to iPhones & iPads, and I still like the idea December 19, 2016 AAPL: 116.64 0.67 Some Apple Stores receiving mid-day AirPods inventory after selling out at opening Zac Hall - 2 weeks ago @apollozac AirPods View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit It’s AirPods launch day for the lucky customers who purchased during the first hour of sales going live last week and even luckier walk-in customers are Apple Stores, and there may still be hope for getting AirPods before Christmas if you missed both previous opportunities… We’re hearing that Apple Stores across the country (and likely beyond) are receiving mid-day shipments of new AirPods supply. Inventory is first come, first serve as always, but you may have a second shot today and any other time this week or in the future if you just drop in and do a quick supply check. Apple promised regular AirPods shipments at Apple Stores when the wireless earphones went on sale last week, although it wasn’t clear that mid-day deliveries would occur. It’s likely that this kind of availability refresh varies from market to market. Some stores were initially stocked with as few as 10 sets at the time of store opening today with queues in front of stores similar to iPhone launches. Since selling out immediately, some stores are being re-stocked with as many as 50 additional units. Meanwhile, Best Buy briefly updated its website with AirPods stock that promised delivery as soon as December 21 (in time for Christmas) although that inventory quickly sold out. It may be worth periodically refreshing online retailer listings for AirPods if you’re still hunting stock before next year. Ship times for new orders from Apple are currently estimated to deliver in six weeks, and resellers are flipping for an average $300 compared to the $169 new price. AirPods were originally announced in September and promised for Late October before being delayed until last week. Check out our own hands-on and first impressions and stay tuned for more inventory updates. Guides Apple AirPods Apple AirPods price, availability, features View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Apple in 2017: What’s next for Mac, iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch & Apple TV this year Trending in Apple Apple Watch, New Year’s resolutions, and losing 50 pounds Trending in Reviews Hands-on: LG Apple-endorsed 5K Display – an UltraFine choice for MacBook Pro owners? [Video] Trending in Apple Review: Nanoleaf’s Aurora smart lighting panels match modular customization with HomeKit control [Video] Trending in Apple iPhone 8: Everything we currently know about Apple’s 10th anniversary flagship Trending in Apple Comment: Apple continues to explore bringing the Digital Crown to iPhones & iPads, and I still like the idea December 19, 2016 AAPL: 116.64 0.67 9to5Toys Last Call: $100 iTunes Gift Card $85, Apple Watch Series 1 from $200, iPad mini 4 $300, more Trevor Daugherty - 2 weeks ago @trevorjd14 Deals View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Keep up with the best gear and deals on the web by signing up for the 9to5Toys Newsletter. Also, be sure to check us out on: Twitter, RSS Feed, Facebook, Google+ and Safari push notifications. TODAY’S CAN’T MISS DEALS: Last Call Updates: Award-winning action RPG Bastion drops to just $1 on the App Store (Reg. $5) You’ll need this SanDisk 64GB microSDXC card for gadgets this Christmas: $15 (25% savings) This AmazonBasics Backpack for MacBooks/Laptops would make a great present at just $24 The OM Electric Scooter has a fold-flat design that brings 20 miles of range on a single charge Today only at Amazon – Last minute Holiday gifts under $50: Watches, Jewelry, more You can grab the best-selling LifeStraw Personal Water Filter for just $14 today (Reg. $20+) You can grab these 20+ FREE Berenstain Bears Kindle eBooks at Amazon right now Unleash your crafty side with the Cricut Explore Air Cutting Machine Bundle for $192 (Reg. $270) Green Deals: six-pack TaoTronics 60W A19 Soft White LED Light Bulbs $12, more FREE MONEY: Gift the Apple fan in your life (including yourself) a $100 iTunes Gift Card for $85 with email delivery Target offers Apple Watch Series 1 at Black Friday pricing just in time for last minute gifts: 38mm $200 or 42mm $230 Save $100 on iPad mini 4 Wi-Fi at Best Buy: prices start at $300 for 32GB, more Upgrade to Apple CarPlay with this Pioneer 6.2-inch In-Dash Receiver for $300 shipped (Reg. $450)9TO5TOYS PRODUCT OF THE YEAR 2016: Amazon’s Echo Dot changes your life for $40 The Mickey Mouse Castle of Illusion platformer for iOS is now matching its lowest price at $1 You clearly need more goats in your life this holiday season, so grab Goat Simulator on iOS while it’s free (Reg. $5) 9to5Toys Gift Guide: Justin’s Top 5 Picks for Gamers – accessories, vintage Nintendo, art/coffee table books and more! 9to5Toys Gift Guide: Trevor’s Top 5 Tech Picks under $50 – smart home gear, drones, and more! 9to5Toys Gift Guide: The best tech accessories for any car or truck – Bluetooth adapter, USB Jump Starter, Dash Cam & more! 9to5Toys Gift Guide: ideas for Music Makers – pocket synths, headphone accessories, DIY kits and more 9to5Toys Gift Guide: ideas for the Techie Traveler – best messenger bags, Bluetooth gear, accessories and more MORE NEW GEAR FROM TODAY: DJI Phantom 4 Quadcopter Drone is just $849 at Amazon (ships today), will go quick! Answer your door even when you’re not home with the Ring Video Doorbell Pro for $200 shipped (Reg. $250) Your choice of Jaybird Bluetooth earbuds on sale today for $100 shipped: X3 (Reg. $130), more Dive into Philips Hue with these HomeKit-enabled bundles: White A19 Starter $56, more Logitech’s popular MX Anywhere 2 Wireless Mouse drops to $50 shipped at Amazon Logitech’s Circle Wireless 1080p Security Camera has a built-in battery: $130 (Reg. $175+) Daily Deals: Logitech Harmony Ultimate One Touchscreen Remote $80, more Games/Apps: Uncharted 4 $30, Assassin’s Creed Ezio Collection $40, Battleborn $10, more Pick up a new TV at Best Buy’s last minute gift sale: Toshiba 50-inch 1080p $250, more Bring the best-selling Bose CineMate 15 Home Theater System to your TV for $320 (Reg. $450+) Smartphone Accessories: RAVPower Monster 26800mAh 3-port USB power bank $35, more The best AeroGarden w/Herb Seed Pod Kit is 62% off today ($160 shipped) 8-Pack Sprout plantable cedar pencils – basil, cilantro and more for $15 Prime shipped This Ultrasonic Cool Mist Humidifier goes anywhere and today it’s only $25 Prime shipped Don’t let your in-laws sleep on the couch, this Intex plush queen airbed w/built-in pump is $35 MORE DEALS STILL LIVE: Massive list of discounted Gift Cards up to 20% off: Petco, JCPenney, Domino’s, Airbnb, Old Navy, Sears, Southwest + many more Anki Overdrive brings race car driving to your living room with smartphone control: $100 shipped (Reg. $150) SanDisk’s iXpand Lightning Flash Drive: $50 Best Desktop Speakers ever for $110 shipped YI’s 4K Action Camera brings GoPro features for less: $200 Lowest wireless headset price ever! <$9 Prime shipped Google Express: two-day delivery, free for six months Digital downloads of Pixar’s animated classics for $13-$15 Canon reloads its refurb store: Rebel T5i DSLR $410, more Netflix Preview for January: Five Superman movies, more Tool Deals: DEWALT 45-Piece w/ Tough Case $9.50, more Green Deals: WEN 13A 18-inch Electric Snow Blaster $99 Grab a highly-rated Bentgo Lunch Box down for $7.50 Office Supplies: 132-Pack Prismacolor Pencils $54, more 2 months of Marvel Unlimited for the price of 1: $10 DEWALT 24-inch One Touch Tool Box $19 Coleman Folding Liner Lock is a knife $10 BJ’s Wholesale Club free 90-day Inner Circle Memberships JBL Yurbuds Inspire In-Ear Headphones for only $5 Discounted gift cards – up to 20% off: StubHub, more Green Deals: two-pack GRDE Solar 36 LED Wall Lamps $25 NEW PRODUCTS & MORE: Henge Docks introduces its Clique accessory for Apple’s Magic Accessories Sony looks to upgrade your gaming  with its new Platinum Wireless Headset, pre-order now Strike is the “world’s first” smart baseball that connects to your iPhone and relays key data LG is unveiling a new 32-inch 4K monitor with USB-C at CES Denon’s latest pair of reference headphones stun with an aluminum and walnut frame Felt’s Tote’m eBike takes to the streets with a slimmed down frame and Shimano components Moskito turns an analog smartwatch into a full functioning bike computer in mere seconds TP-Link introduces slimmer Wi-Fi smart plug with Alexa control, available for purchase today RokBlok plays your vinyl anywhere and will even beam it over Bluetooth NES Classic demand spawns new RetroEngine Sigma gaming console Guides Deals View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
null
Menu Home + Nation General Abu Dhabi Dubai Sharjah Ras Al Khaimah Fujairah Umm Al Quwain Ajman Government Crime UAE health Transport Education Happiness Times Weather Sponsored Content UAE FLAG DAY Yas Island - Anime KT 10 + Region Bahrain Kuwait Oman Qatar Saudi Arabia MENA + International India Pakistan Philippines Rest of Asia Europe Americas Africa Others + Business Local business Markets Economy Auto Gadgets and Electronics Banking and Finance Energy Infrastructure Real Estate Telecom Aviation Companies Demonetisation in India Dubai Airshow 2015 Gold/Forex Shipping + Sports Local sports Cricket Football Tennis Horse racing Formula 1 Golf Cricket Scorecard Other sports Dubai World Cup 2016 Euro 2016 ICC World Twenty20 Indian Premier League 2016 Mubadala Tennis Championships Olympics 2016 Omega Dubai Desert Classic 2016 Wimbledon 2016 + Technology Computers Features Game Zone Industry Mobiles Technology Videos + City Times In The City Newsmakers Hollywood Bollywood South Stars Movie reviews Music CT Musing + Lifestyle Fashion Beauty Health and Fitness Art and Culture Food Homes Travel + WKND Editor's Note Letters to WKND Editor Editor's Picks What's Hot Interviews Pursuits Bollywood Mindsport Life Coach When Hunger Strikes Beauty Basics Get her look Zapped by Apps Hard Drive On The Road Food and Dining Horoscope A Day In The Life Of It's My Life Personal Trainer People Offbeat Legal View Editorials and columns Letters to the Editor + Photos Nation (photos) International (photos) Business (photos) Sports (photos) Entertainment (photos) Lifestyle (photos) Stars at KT (Photos) + Videos Nation (videos) International (videos) Business (videos) Sports (videos) Entertainment (videos) Lifestyle (videos) CEO Insights (videos) Ramadan (videos) Rio Olympics 2016 (videos) + Gold/forex Bahrain Qatar + Prayer Timings Prayer timings International Prayer Timings UAE Cinema listings + Weather United Arab Emirates Region GCC Countries Asia Europe America + Abu Dhabi Grand Prix F1 Entertainment F1 News F1 Photos F1 Videos Battle For White House Competitions Entertainment + Flydubai Plane Crash Flydubai Plane Crash Photos Flydubai Plane Crash Videos GCC Airport Departures / Arrivals + Global Village 2016 Global Village Photos Global Village Videos + India Budget 2016-17 India Budget Photos India Budget Videos Inspired Living Listicles + Other pages Advertise with us Contact us Humour Junction Idea Graph Life Is Like That UAE Driving Licence UAE Public Holidays + UAE-India Ties UAE-India Photos UAE-India Videos Utilities Slide Menus Show/Hide Left Slide Menu Show/Hide Right Slide Menu Show/Hide Top Slide Menu Show/Hide Bottom Slide Menu Publications : Khaleej Times SUBSCRIBE COMPETITIONS E-PAPER Sign in | Logout City Times WKND Style Inspired Living KT Home Follow Us Sign in using OR Forgot Password? Register Now! Terms | Privacy Technology News Nation KT 10 Business GOLD/FOREX Sports Technology Entertainment Utilities All CITY TIMES WKND KT BUZZON Search POPULAR TOPICS Prayer Timings Cinema Listings Weather Offbeat| Live Flight Status | Style MORE Listicles IPL 2016 Parent Talk Inspired Living Dubai Airshow 2015 UAE-India Ties World T20 PRAYER TIMES Mobiles | Computers | Game Zone | Industry | Features | Gadgets & Electronics | Region | International | Dubai | Abu Dhabi | Sharjah | Government | Crime | India | Pakistan | Philippines | Global Village 2016 General | Abu Dhabi | Dubai | Sharjah | Ras Al Khaimah | Fujairah | Umm Al Quwain | Ajman | Government | Crime | UAE health | Transport | Education | Happiness Times | Weather | Global Village 2016 Local Business | Markets | Economy | Auto | Banking and Finance | Energy | Infrastructure | Real Estate | Telecom | Aviation | Gold/Forex News | Demonetisation in India Local Sports | Cricket | Football | Tennis | Horse Racing | Formula 1 | Golf | Other Sports | Abu Dhabi Grand Prix | Mobiles | Computers | Game Zone | Industry | Features | Gadgets & Electronics | Bollywood | Hollywood | Food | Travel | Lifestyle | Fashion   HOME > Technology Apple starts shipping AirPods; when will they come to Dubai? IANS/New York Filed on December 18, 2016 | Last updated on December 18, 2016 at 04.28 pm Share More > Vote Apple announced its first branded wireless headphones with iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus in September 2016. Apple customers, who pre-ordered the tech giant's wireless earphones AirPods, have started receiving a pair of the product after the sales went live recently, a media report said. Customers received a word that their orders had been shipped and were scheduled to arrive as promised on December 21, a report on AppleInsider said. Apple announced its first branded wireless headphones with iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus in September 2016 and the product went up for sale on December 13. According to the report, AirPods were regarded as a highly anticipated item and the initial supply was quickly depleted, pushing back shipment estimates to four weeks mere hours after release. Alongside pre-order shipments, AirPods are rumoured to land in Apple retail stores, as well as mobile carrier outlets and authorised Apple resellers by as early as next week. AirPods are automatically on and always connected. They can sense when they are in ears and pause when taken out. They are driven by the custom-designed Apple W1 chip for efficient wireless connection and improved sound. The W1 chip manages battery life which lets the product deliver five hours of listening time on a single charge. Just 15 minutes of charging can give three hours of listening time. To check the battery, user can hold the AirPods next to an iPhone or ask Siri "How's the battery on my AirPods?" Share More > Vote MORE FROM Technology Technology Apple starts shipping AirPods; when will they... Apple announced its first branded wireless headphones with iPhone 7... READ MORE Technology 5 ways to be safe online in UAE Here are a few ways to ensure that your personal information is safe... READ MORE Companies Over 1b hit by Yahoo hack attack Bank and payment data had not been stolen though READ MORE Technology You can now recall, edit messages on WhatsApp According to the WABetaInfo, the feature is currently available in... READ MORE MORE FROM Khaleej Times Transport Dubai Metro: 10 things that will get you fined up ... Not only will you pay, you might also have your Emirates ID card... READ MORE Technology Apple starts shipping AirPods; when will they... Apple announced its first branded wireless headphones with iPhone 7... READ MORE General Waste in Al Qudra lake puts animals at risk Pictures by Dubai resident showed a dead swan surrounded by a large... READ MORE Dubai How Dubai changed the life of these expats Expats recount their experience of Dubai and how it has transformed... READ MORE   Popular Voted Nation UAE holidays in 2017: The year of long weekends 100655 views | 12 December 2016 Crime Prostitute caught in men's accommodation in Dubai 49465 views | 16 December 2016 Auto WATCH: Dh1.3 million Lamborghini gets crushed in front of owner 45010 views | 17 December 2016 Pakistan Who was Junaid Jamshed's second wife? 44780 views | 16 December 2016 Dubai Don't do these 10 things when flying out of Dubai 44573 views | 16 December 2016 Dubai Dubai Shopping Festival: These are the biggest sales in 2017 26854 views | 17 December 2016 Bollywood Watch: Fawad Khan, Aishwarya Rai's deleted scenes from 'Ae dil hai mushkil' 25150 views | 17 December 2016 Transport Dubai Metro: 10 things that will get you on-the-spot fines of up to Dh2,000 13902 views | 18 December 2016 Gold/Forex Gold is a good buy in Dubai this holiday season 12854 views | 16 December 2016 Transport Change school timings to improve UAE traffic: Residents 12191 views | 18 December 2016 Legal View 6 UAE industries where you can change jobs any time 11456 views | 19 August 2014 MENA Delhi-Muscat flight diverted to Karachi 10084 views | 18 December 2016 Newsmakers Malayalam film actress Varghese arrested for Dh70m fraud 9720 views | 17 December 2016 MENA Osama Bin Laden's son denied entry to Egypt 8084 views | 18 December 2016 Crime Deceased Indian employee's family gets Dh200,000 in diya 7626 views | 16 December 2016 Crime Prostitute caught in men's accommodation in Dubai 305 votes | 16 December 2016 Auto WATCH: Dh1.3 million Lamborghini gets crushed in front of owner 253 votes | 17 December 2016 Pakistan Who was Junaid Jamshed's second wife? 237 votes | 16 December 2016 Gold/Forex Buy or not? Gold price falls again after Fed rate hike 217 votes | 15 December 2016 Dubai Don't do these 10 things when flying out of Dubai 181 votes | 16 December 2016 Dubai Dubai Shopping Festival: These are the biggest sales in 2017 150 votes | 17 December 2016 Dubai Watch: Tank drives through Dubai Mall 135 votes | 15 December 2016 India Hospital server hacked, secrets behind Jayalalithaa's death may be out soon 122 votes | 14 December 2016 Bollywood Watch: Fawad Khan, Aishwarya Rai's deleted scenes from 'Ae dil hai mushkil' 120 votes | 17 December 2016 Nation UAE holidays in 2017: The year of long weekends 105 votes | 12 December 2016 Crime Pakistani man accused of working as sex worker in Dubai 102 votes | 14 December 2016 Crime Asian man rapes woman in Dubai while 'teaching driving' 96 votes | 13 December 2016 Transport Dubai Metro: 10 things that will get you on-the-spot fines of up to Dh2,000 94 votes | 18 December 2016 Transport Traffic Alert: 15 Dubai roads closed today 90 votes | 15 December 2016 Bollywood I was molested when I was a child: Sonam Kapoor 88 votes | 14 December 2016   KT App Download All new KT app is available for download: Newsletter Get the latest news around the World in your inbox, so you dont missout on the action. Accept Terms & Conditions ©2016 Khaleej Times. All rights reserved.   News Nation Region World Business Markets Economy Auto Technology Gadgets & Electronics Banking & Finance Energy Infrastructure Real Estate Telecom Aviation Gold/Forex Sports Local Sports Cricket Football Tennis Horse Racing Formula 1 Golf Other Sports Lifestyle Fashion Beauty Health & Fitness Art & Culture Food Home City Times In The City Newsmakers Indian Cinema Movie Reviews Music   Travel Health Offbeat Legal View Editorials & Columns Letters to Editor Photos   Videos Gold/forex Prayer Timings Cinema listings Weather e-paper KT BUZZON Inspired Living   About Us Advertise With Us Contact Us Privacy Policy   KT App Download iPhone | iPad Android
null
Tech News Downloads Software Store Search for: BetaNews Hot Topics: Windows 10 Microsoft Apple Cloud Tablets Android Security Reviews Follow Us: Twitter Facebook Linked-in RSS iPhone should replace Chromebook in the classroom By Joe Wilcox Published 2 weeks ago 203 Comments Tweet Many educators won't agree, but perhaps students will: The PC, whether desktop or notebook, is obsolete in the classroom. This reality, if accepted for what it is, presents Apple opportunity to retake the K-12 market from Alphabet-subsidiary Google's incursion and sudden success with Chromebook among U.S. schools. If the fruit-logo company doesn't seize the moment, a competitor will—and almost certainly selling devices running Android. Chromebook's educational appeal is three-fold: low cost, manageability, and easy access to Google informational services. For buy-in price, and TCO, no Apple laptop or tablet running macOS or iOS, respectively, can compete. Think differently! Providing students any kind of computer is shortsighted, by narrowly presuming that schools, or their parents, must buy something. I suggest, in this time of budgetary constraints, that educators instead use what the kids already possess (or want to) and what they use easily and quickly: The smartphone. Think Differently The full-size keyboard and trackpad (or mouse) concept is outdated for a generation accustomed to tapping with thumbs (and a few fingers) on a screen that fits into a pocket. Think of the utility, and familiarity, to the students—and the opportunity, which I liken to going from a 2-dimensional perspective to a 3D one. The computer is flat, but the smartphone is spatial, because of how the apps, services, and relationships they present interconnect. Would smartphones be a distraction in the classroom? Of course. But I contend that they would break down many more barriers than they would create. These kids already are ultra-creative and connected across apps and services like Facebook, Instagram, Snapchat, or Tumblr, among many others that encourage interaction, collaboration, and mashing up content. Imagine if the creative energies already invested in the smartphone space could be even partially channeled to the classroom. To reiterate: This quality makes the smartphone spatial—3-dimensional—compared to Chromebooks running flat apps that are comparatively singular in utility. Same rationale applies to lower-cost Windows PCs. The app advantages and familiarity to students are potentially more expansive if allowed to be. Chatting, texting, and sharing are first nature to many young smartphone users. Apple's iOS—and likewise Google's Android—provides platform and supporting app ecosystem that encourages creative mashups and sharing. Consider the student who easily can capture and combine audio, photos, and video on a smartphone for a homework assignment—and do so much more easily than on a Chromebook. The apps and platform utility are there, and the computer in the kid's pocket is likely faster, as well as being more adaptable and productive. Who is going to learn more? The student pursuing personal interests or the one pursued by flat, curriculum computing? Learning Adventures Apple provides a robust stack of homegrown apps, such as Garage Band, iMovie, Keynote, Music Memos, Numbers, Pages, and Photos. The complete Google stack of cloud-services-supported apps also is available, which would ease the transition from Chromebook to iPhone. The creative (and revenue) opportunities for app developers could be a boon for learning. Imagine Niantic releasing an educational version of Pokemon Go that leads middle schoolers on learning adventures in controlled environs like the building's gymnasium. Why shouldn't gaming be educational and fun—or popular? Apple would need to develop educational controls, extended from their parental counterparts, for  iPhone. Imagine the supervisory advantages that managed location-servies could present, for example. Did Johnny skip school? The principal can find him. Is Jackie in the girl's room when she's supposed to be in the chem lab? The teacher knows. Is there a shooter scare? Administrators could locate students quickly during and following the crisis. The building's WiFi network would be used for accurate, pinpoint location. The educational controls could also separate home and school spaces. During the last decade, Nokia phones demarcated professional and personal home screens and apps. Apple should provide similar utility. Connected to the school's WiFi network and during the class day, students would be locked into the educational environ; they could choose which, otherwise. The 75-percent Solution Circling back to the nut graph, let's talk costs and acquisition. U.S. schools typically buy laptops—the majority of them Chromebooks in 2015-16, according to combined analyst data—for students; sixth graders upwards are often the biggest beneficiaries. Many of these same kids already own smartphones—a stunning three quarters of American teenagers, according to eMarketer and Pew. When narrowed to the total population of U.S. smartphone users (79 percent), 84 percent of 12 to 17 year-olds have the devices, eMarketer finds. Also: Forty-one percent of kids age 11 and younger. For additional perspective: Among U.S. Internet users, more 14-18 year-olds own smartphones (87 percent) than notebook (83 percent) or desktop (43 percent) PCs, according to eMarketer. Apple's problem: Not all kids will have smartphones and many may run Android. Nevertheless, there's a bumper crop to harvest. According to Piper Jaffray's "Taking Stock With Teens" twice-yearly report, which most recently released in mid-october: 74 percent of American teenage smartphone owners use an iPhone. Since one-quarter may use something else or nothing at all, there would need to be some kind of buy-in program coordinated with local school districts and Apple. Students should own the devices, and feel the responsibilities of ownership, rather than use, say, school-issued Chromebooks. Kids are more likely to take care of something that is theirs and also for which they contribute something. Meanwhile, parents and students with existing iPhones would need to be reassured and convinced that they would benefit by voluntarily opting into partial, school management of a device so personal. Purchasing a new device must be an option for those people with privacy or other concerns. Dollars and Sense  Problem: The company that once ungrammatically told people to "Think Different" needs to think differently. Perusing Apple's U.S. higher educational store, Macs and tablets are sold, but no iPhones. The comoany's U.S. Education Institution Hardware and Software Price List, current as of Nov. 9, 2016, also doesn't include iPhone—although cases are available aplenty! The point: iPhone for education isn't on Apple's radar, but it should be. The company offers several educational financing options which should make iPhones, if offered, affordable enough for many school districts. Granted, cost to own is higher than would be Chromebooks. Consider Chase County School District, in Imperial, NE, which in June 2016 approved purchase of 300 Chromebooks for $57,000—or about $190 each. The laptops will replace Apple computers. A year earlier, the school spent about $1,000 each for 65 new Macs. You do the math on which purchase reaches more students. In September 2016, Grayslake Community High School District, in Grayslake, Ill. started deploying Chromebooks, which students can buy on payments totaling $380. Based on my research, forced student purchasing is a typical scenario, with pricing between $300-$400. iPhones won't cost as little, but a larger number of students or parents might want them more than the Chrome OS laptops. Three quarters of teens say their next cellular handset will be an iPhone, according to Piper Jaffray. Desire must count for something. That's where financing can make the difference, particularly if students are offered a version of Apple's iPhone Upgrade Program. The consumer program lets someone pay $32.41 monthly for 32GB iPhone 7, including AppleCare+ repair warranty. Twelve months later, the leasee can trade in the device and get the newest available model. One-year, financed lease cost before tax would be $388.92. Surely Apple could offer lower-cost financing and/or leasing options to schools or their students, with the goal of regaining educational customers being more important than harvesting fat margins. Investing in kids' futures also invests in Apple's. I don't suggest that any of this will be easy. School districts will resist, as many did evaluating Chromebook and later piloting deployments. Fine details matter with respect to device management, educational apps, and logistical and legal boundaries between an institution and the student. But none these things is insurmountable, if my basic premise is sound: That an iPhone, or other smartphone, is a better learning/teaching tool than is Chromebook. Photo Credit: Shutterstock/Twin Design 203 Comments Tweet Got News? Contact Us Recent Headlines Netrunner Desktop 17.01 'Baryon' Debian 9 Stretch-based KDE Linux distro now available My favorite tech items of 2016 [Joe] System Ninja 3.1.6 adds Duplicate File Finder Dell unveils 27-inch Ultrathin monitor with super-slim profile How hybrid clouds and legacy apps will evolve in 2017 How to protect your company against a potential encryption backdoor policy Update side-loaded Android apps with APKUpdater Most Commented Stories Windows 10 enters 2017 not with a bang, but a whimper 452 Comments Leaked Windows 10 Creators Update Build 14997 reveals new features 118 Comments Microsoft finally lets users pause updates in Windows 10 111 Comments Unannounced ASUS C302CA-DHM4 Chromebook hits Newegg, and it looks great 88 Comments Behold the Windows 10 GSOD -- Green Screen of Death 52 Comments © 1998-2017 BetaNews, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy.
Search Newsletters Crossword Notices My Account Subscribe Sign In Menu The Irish Times Tue, Jan 3, 2017 Sign In Welcome The Irish Times News Sport Business Opinion Life & Style Culture More Video Podcasts Executive Jobs Search Subscribe My Account Sign In Business The Economy Budget 2017 Small Business All Business The Economy Budget 2017 Small Business Your Money Personal Finance Exchange Rates Markets Funds Tracker Companies Financial Services Agribusiness & Food Energy & Resources Health & Pharma Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Services Transport & Tourism Technology How to ... Data Privacy Tech Tools Work Commercial Property Construction Comment Columnists Innovation Specials Panama Papers Entrepreneur of the Year AIB Start-up Academy Podcasts Business Podcast Partner Sites Top1000 By using this website, you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy. X Meet ‘the Maxforce’ – the EU team that fined Ireland €13bn over Apple Group of 15 international civil servants led three-year inquiry into ‘sweetheart deal’ Sun, Dec 18, 2016, 14:28 The Government is appealing the European Commission’s ruling on its Irish tax position. Photograph: Reuters         “The Maxforce” is the European Union team that ordered the State to collect billions of euros in back taxes from Apple, rattled the Government, and spurred changes to international tax law. You’d think it might have earned the name by applying maximum force while investigating alleged financial shenanigans. It didn’t. It’s just led by a guy named Max. A European Commission official gave the nickname to the Task Force on Tax Planning Practices in honor of its chief, Max Lienemeyer, a lanky, laid-back German lawyer who rose to prominence vetting plans to shore up struggling banks during Europe’s debt crisis. Since its launch in 2013, the Maxforce has looked at the tax status of hundreds of companies across Europe, including a deal Starbucks had in the Netherlands, Fiat Chrysler’s agreement with Luxembourg, and – its largest case – Apple in Ireland. Lienemeyer’s team of 15 international civil servants pursued a three-year investigation stretching from the corridors of the European Commission, the EU’s executive arm, to the Department of Finance in Dublin and on to Apple’s leafy headquarters in Cupertino, California. Much of it outlined for the first time here, this story chronicles a growing clash between Europe and the US and a shift in the EU’s approach to the tax affairs of multinationals. Stateless entities The Maxforce concluded that Ireland allowed Apple to create stateless entities that effectively let it decide how much – or how little – tax it pays. The investigators say the company channelled profits from dozens of countries through two Ireland-based units. In a system found to have been at least tacitly endorsed by Irish authorities, earnings were split, with the vast majority attributed to a “head office” with no employees and no specific home base – and therefore liable to no tax on any profits from sales outside Ireland. The US, meanwhile, didn’t tax the units because they’re incorporated here. ADVERTISEMENT In August the EU said Ireland had broken European law by giving Apple a sweetheart deal. It ordered the country to bill the iPhone maker a record €13 billion in back taxes, plus interest, from 2003 to 2014. One example the commission cites: in 2011, a unit called Apple Sales International recorded profits of about €16 billion from sales across Europe. But only €50 million was considered taxable in Ireland, leaving €15.95 billion of profit untaxed, the commission says. In the coming weeks, the EU is expected to publish details of the Maxforce investigation. At about the same time, Apple will likely lodge its own appeal in the EU court. Though Apple will have to pay its tax bill within weeks, the money will be held in escrow, and the issue will probably take years to be resolved. Lienemeyer began assembling the Maxforce in late spring of 2013 with a mandate of scrutinising tax policies across Europe in search of any favoritism. Direct subsidies or tax breaks to court a specific company are illegal in the EU to prevent governments aiding national champions. His first hire – the person who would oversee the Apple investigation – was Helena Malikova, a Slovak who had worked at Credit Suisse in Zurich. He quickly added Kamila Kaukiel, a Polish financial analyst who had been at KPMG, and Saskia Hendriks, a former tax policy adviser to the Dutch government. US Senate As the four initial members began their investigations, they got a head start from a US Senate inquiry into the tax strategies of US multinationals. The Senate’s Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations said Apple shifted tens of billions of dollars in profit into stateless affiliates based in Ireland, where it secured a tax rate of less than 2 per cent. At 9:30 am on May 21st, 2013, senators gathered in Room 106 of the Dirksen Office Building in Washington DC. Included in the evidence presented that day was a 2004 letter from Tom Connor, an official at the Revenue Commissioners, to Ernst & Young, Apple’s tax adviser. Connor’s question: A unit of the tech company hadn’t filed a tax return. Was it still in business? E&Y responded two days later that the division was a non-resident holding company with no real sales. “There is nothing to return from the corporation tax standpoint,” E&Y wrote. The Senate exhibits didn’t include Connor’s response if there ever was one. At the hearing, Arizona Republican John McCain castigated Apple as “one of the biggest tax avoiders in America”. Democrat Carl Levin of Michigan peered over the glasses perched on the tip of his nose and said Apple uses “offshore tax strategies whose purpose is tax avoidance, pure and simple”. Crucially, though, Levin told the crowded room that under US law, there was little the panel could do to force Apple to pay more tax. Apple chief executive Tim Cook passionately defended the company’s actions, telling the senators: “We don’t depend on tax gimmicks.” The Senate revelations raised eyebrows at the Maxforce’s office in Madou Tower, a 1960s high-rise in the rundown Saint-Josse neighborhood of Brussels. Three weeks after the Senate hearing, Lienemeyer’s team asked Ireland for details of Apple’s tax situation. The Irish side soon dispatched a representative carrying a briefcase filled with a bundle of bound pages. Revenue could have simply sent the material via email, but officials are cautious about sharing a taxpayer’s information with the EU. They have a ground rule to avoid leaks: never send such documents electronically. Bullish While the Government remained bullish in its public statements, saying Apple hadn’t received any favours, behind the scenes tensions were rising. During the summer of 2013, the Department of Finance assured Ministers that the EU investigation would amount to nothing, according to people familiar with the discussions. But those assertions seemed less confident than earlier communications. There was a sense that Apple had worked out its Irish tax position in a vastly different era, and no one remembered many details of the negotiations decades earlier. ADVERTISEMENT In 1980, the four-year-old company – the Apple III desktop had just been released – created several Irish affiliates, each with a different function such as manufacturing or sales, according to the Senate report. Under Irish laws dating to the 1950s designed to shore up the moribund post-war economy, as a so-called export company Apple paid no taxes on overseas sales of products made in Ireland. To comply with European rules, Ireland finally ended its zero-tax policy in 1990. After that, Apple and Ireland agreed that the profit attributed to a key Ireland-based unit, the division discussed in Tom Connor’s letter, be capped using a complex formula that in 1990 would have resulted in a taxable profit of $30 million to $40 million. An Apple tax adviser “confessed there was no scientific basis” for those figures, but that the amounts would be “of such magnitude that he hoped it would be seen as a bona-fide proposal”, according to notes from a 1990 meeting with the Revenue cited by the EU. The equation didn’t change even as Apple began assembling the bulk of its products in Asia. Ireland and Apple started to make changes a few months after the Maxforce began looking into their tax relationship. In October 2013, Mr Noonan announced he would close the loophole that let stateless holding companies operate out of Ireland. And the EU says Apple changed the structure of its Irish units in 2015. As the Maxforce stepped up its probe in June 2014, Taoiseach Enda Kenny was wooing potential investors in California. At a San Francisco event to promote Irish entrepreneurs, governor Jerry Brown quipped that he had thought Apple “was a California company”, but according to tax returns, “they’re really an Irish company”. News clips show Irish officials looking on stony-faced as the governor makes his jest. With Lienemeyer’s team digging further into the issue, Apple’s concern deepened. In January 2016, Cook met Margrethe Vestager, the EU competition chief and Lienemeyer’s ultimate boss on the 10th-floor of the Berlaymont building, the institutional headquarters of the European Commission in Brussels. Vestager Vestager, a daughter of two Lutheran pastors, has a reputation for being even-handed but tough, cutting unemployment benefits while advocating strict new rules for banks when she served as Denmark’s finance minister. While she has acknowledged that her team had little experience with tax rulings – in a November interview with France’s Society magazine, she said: “We learned on the job.” Vestager says enforcement of EU rules on taxation is a matter of “fairness”. In the meeting with Cook she quizzed him on the tax Apple paid in various jurisdictions worldwide. She told the Apple executives that “someone has to tax you”, according to a person present at the meeting. In a January 25th follow-up letter, Cook thanked Vestager for a “candid and constructive exchange of views” and reasserted that Apple’s earnings are “subject to deferred taxation in the US until those profits are repatriated”. Subsequent correspondence became more heated. On March 14th, Cook wrote to Vestager that he had “concerns about the fairness of these proceedings”. The commission had failed to explain fully the basis on which Apple was being investigated, and the body’s approach was characterised by “inconsistency and ambiguity”, Cook said. Apple contended that the EU had backtracked on a 2014 decision recognising that its two Irish subsidiaries were not technically resident in Ireland, and therefore only liable for taxes on profits derived from Irish sources. Now, Cook said, it seemed the commission was intent on “imposing a massive, retroactive tax on Apple by attributing to the Irish branches all of Apple’s global profits outside the Americas”. ADVERTISEMENT “There is no inconsistency,” an EU spokesman said in a statement this week. Only a fraction of the profits of the subsidiaries were taxed in Ireland, the statement said. “As a result, the tax rulings enabled Apple to pay substantially less tax than other companies, which is illegal under EU state aid rules.” Hinting to reporters Cook’s entreaties did little to sway Vestager, and in August she phoned Noonan to tell him the results of the Maxforce investigation: the commission was going to rule against Ireland. Late in the afternoon of August 29th, Irish officials began hinting to reporters that Apple’s tax bill amounted to billions and “could be anything”. At noon the following day, Vestager told a packed press conference in Brussels that the commission had decided Apple owed Ireland €13 billion. Though that would be equivalent to 26 per cent of the 2015 national budget, we didn’t want the windfall, with the Government saying the ruling was flawed because Apple hadn’t received any special treatment. An appeal was promised. Officials from Lienemeyer’s team and other EU offices say they have gathered tax information on about 300 companies, looking for what they deem to be favorable treatment by governments across Europe. While they don’t expect all of those to yield payoffs as hefty as that from their investigation of Ireland and Apple, they say a worrying number require the kind of maximum force that the Maxforce can apply. “We focus on outliers where you’re looking at something that is off the radar screen,” Lienemeyer’s boss, 50-year-old Dutchman Gert-Jan Koopman, who is in charge of state-aid enforcement at the EU, said at a Brussels conference in November. “If you’re paying a fair amount of tax then there is absolutely nothing to worry about.” - (Bloomberg)       Topics: Apple tax Carl Levin Jerry Brown John Mccain Max Lienemeyer Tim Cook Tom Connor Department of Finance Dutch Government Eu European Commission European Union Senate Us Senate Apple Bloomberg Chrysler Credit Suisse Ernst Fiat KPMG Starbucks Read More Apple CEO invited to attend tax ruling hearing in Dublin EU Court asks Government to tweak its Apple tax appeal European Commission refuses to comment on Noonan claims EU tax harmonisation: an issue that won’t go away Apple expects to offset €13bn Irish tax bill by paying less in US Cantillon: Apple’s Irish tax woes the least of its problems UK business confidence recovers in November, survey finds Property prices rise by more than 7% despite lending rules Cheaper energy holds euro zone inflation down in November Lending to SMEs jumps by €359m as property funding rises Subscribe.   More from The Irish Times Transport & Tourism Why Ryanair is offering package holidays now Work Millennials start new year with old-school paper diaries and pens English Soccer Jermain Defoe double leaves Liverpool frustrated Irish Times After 2016, economic forecasting for 2017 has got to be perilous Sponsored Making a difficult fertility journey a lot less lonely Redbreast Lustau: an old friend with a new whiskey perspective Infertility and the workplace: one woman's experience Do you know how much you’ll save by switching health plan? ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Latest Business Irish property prices to increase by at least 8% in 2017 01:00 European shares lifted by positive manufacturing data 18:15 Michael ‘Kell’ Ryan, brother of Ryanair founder, dies in England 17:10 Dollar recovers from two-week lows in thin market trading 15:24 More than 2,000 jobs saved by examinership in 2016 14:22 ADVERTISEMENT Most Read in Business 1 Irish property prices to increase by at least 8% in 2017 2 Why Ryanair is offering package holidays now 3 AIB steps up High Court pursuit of unsecured borrowers 4 Challenging times ahead as Denis O’Brien exits tough 2016 5 Braced for Brexit – and the death of Queen Elizabeth 6 Starting out on your own: nine things NOT to do 7 Nokia’s Irish unit slips into the red as revenues down €10.6m 8 Jazz Pharma named as Barclays stock pick for 2017 9 HSBC may appoint woman as new chairperson 10 How to write the story of your start-up Never miss a story. SUBSCRIBE Subscribe About Us Policy & Terms Subscribe Subscription Bundles Gift Subscriptions Home Delivery Irish Times Products & Services ePaper eBooks Crosswords Newspaper Archive Email Alerts & Newsletters Article Archive Executive Jobs Page Sales Photo Sales About Us Advertise Contact Us The Irish Times Trust Careers Our Partners Rewarding Times MyHome.ie Irish Racing Entertainment.ie Top 1000 MyAntiques.ie The Gloss Irish Times Training Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Information Community Standards Copyright FAQs © 2015 THE IRISH TIMES For the best site experience please enable JavaScript in your browser settings Sign In Sign In Forgot Password? Don't have an account? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles The ePaper eBooks Subscriber Rewards IT Sunday Email Newsletters Breaking news app My Account Newspaper Archive Crossword Club Sign Out SUBSCRIBE Tue 3/1/2017 News Year in Review State Papers Ireland World Politics Crime & Law Social Affairs Health Education Sport Rugby Soccer Gaelic Games Golf Racing Other Sports Women in Sport Comment Business The Economy Your Money Companies Technology Work Commercial Property Comment Opinion Editorials Letters Columnists An Irishman's Diary Opinion & Analysis Martyn Turner Life & Style Food & Drink Homes & Property Health & Family People Travel Motors Fashion Abroad Culture Books Film Music Stage Art & Design TV, Radio, Web Treibh More You are what you read eBooks Offers Jobs Family Notices Competitions Video Podcasts Inside Politics World View Second Captains Business Róisín Meets Off Topic The Women's Podcast Executive Jobs Crosswords Newsletters Notices Forgot Password? Sign In Invalid email or password. Not an Irish Times subscriber? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles Specially selected and available only to our subscribers Newspaper Archive 150 years of Irish Times journalism Crossword Club Digital Simplex and Crosaire crosswords eBooks Carefully curated selections of Irish Times writing Subscriber Rewards Exclusive offers, discounts and invitations IT Sunday Your weekly email exclusively curated for subscribers Email Newsletters Sign up to get the stories you want delivered to your inbox My Account Manage your account The ePaper An exact digital replica of the printed paper Breaking news app Our Apple and Android apps to read on the go Sign Out
null
Tech News Downloads Software Store Search for: BetaNews Hot Topics: Windows 10 Microsoft Apple Cloud Tablets Android Security Reviews Follow Us: Twitter Facebook Linked-in RSS iPhone should replace Chromebook in the classroom By Joe Wilcox Published 2 weeks ago 203 Comments Tweet Many educators won't agree, but perhaps students will: The PC, whether desktop or notebook, is obsolete in the classroom. This reality, if accepted for what it is, presents Apple opportunity to retake the K-12 market from Alphabet-subsidiary Google's incursion and sudden success with Chromebook among U.S. schools. If the fruit-logo company doesn't seize the moment, a competitor will—and almost certainly selling devices running Android. Chromebook's educational appeal is three-fold: low cost, manageability, and easy access to Google informational services. For buy-in price, and TCO, no Apple laptop or tablet running macOS or iOS, respectively, can compete. Think differently! Providing students any kind of computer is shortsighted, by narrowly presuming that schools, or their parents, must buy something. I suggest, in this time of budgetary constraints, that educators instead use what the kids already possess (or want to) and what they use easily and quickly: The smartphone. Think Differently The full-size keyboard and trackpad (or mouse) concept is outdated for a generation accustomed to tapping with thumbs (and a few fingers) on a screen that fits into a pocket. Think of the utility, and familiarity, to the students—and the opportunity, which I liken to going from a 2-dimensional perspective to a 3D one. The computer is flat, but the smartphone is spatial, because of how the apps, services, and relationships they present interconnect. Would smartphones be a distraction in the classroom? Of course. But I contend that they would break down many more barriers than they would create. These kids already are ultra-creative and connected across apps and services like Facebook, Instagram, Snapchat, or Tumblr, among many others that encourage interaction, collaboration, and mashing up content. Imagine if the creative energies already invested in the smartphone space could be even partially channeled to the classroom. To reiterate: This quality makes the smartphone spatial—3-dimensional—compared to Chromebooks running flat apps that are comparatively singular in utility. Same rationale applies to lower-cost Windows PCs. The app advantages and familiarity to students are potentially more expansive if allowed to be. Chatting, texting, and sharing are first nature to many young smartphone users. Apple's iOS—and likewise Google's Android—provides platform and supporting app ecosystem that encourages creative mashups and sharing. Consider the student who easily can capture and combine audio, photos, and video on a smartphone for a homework assignment—and do so much more easily than on a Chromebook. The apps and platform utility are there, and the computer in the kid's pocket is likely faster, as well as being more adaptable and productive. Who is going to learn more? The student pursuing personal interests or the one pursued by flat, curriculum computing? Learning Adventures Apple provides a robust stack of homegrown apps, such as Garage Band, iMovie, Keynote, Music Memos, Numbers, Pages, and Photos. The complete Google stack of cloud-services-supported apps also is available, which would ease the transition from Chromebook to iPhone. The creative (and revenue) opportunities for app developers could be a boon for learning. Imagine Niantic releasing an educational version of Pokemon Go that leads middle schoolers on learning adventures in controlled environs like the building's gymnasium. Why shouldn't gaming be educational and fun—or popular? Apple would need to develop educational controls, extended from their parental counterparts, for  iPhone. Imagine the supervisory advantages that managed location-servies could present, for example. Did Johnny skip school? The principal can find him. Is Jackie in the girl's room when she's supposed to be in the chem lab? The teacher knows. Is there a shooter scare? Administrators could locate students quickly during and following the crisis. The building's WiFi network would be used for accurate, pinpoint location. The educational controls could also separate home and school spaces. During the last decade, Nokia phones demarcated professional and personal home screens and apps. Apple should provide similar utility. Connected to the school's WiFi network and during the class day, students would be locked into the educational environ; they could choose which, otherwise. The 75-percent Solution Circling back to the nut graph, let's talk costs and acquisition. U.S. schools typically buy laptops—the majority of them Chromebooks in 2015-16, according to combined analyst data—for students; sixth graders upwards are often the biggest beneficiaries. Many of these same kids already own smartphones—a stunning three quarters of American teenagers, according to eMarketer and Pew. When narrowed to the total population of U.S. smartphone users (79 percent), 84 percent of 12 to 17 year-olds have the devices, eMarketer finds. Also: Forty-one percent of kids age 11 and younger. For additional perspective: Among U.S. Internet users, more 14-18 year-olds own smartphones (87 percent) than notebook (83 percent) or desktop (43 percent) PCs, according to eMarketer. Apple's problem: Not all kids will have smartphones and many may run Android. Nevertheless, there's a bumper crop to harvest. According to Piper Jaffray's "Taking Stock With Teens" twice-yearly report, which most recently released in mid-october: 74 percent of American teenage smartphone owners use an iPhone. Since one-quarter may use something else or nothing at all, there would need to be some kind of buy-in program coordinated with local school districts and Apple. Students should own the devices, and feel the responsibilities of ownership, rather than use, say, school-issued Chromebooks. Kids are more likely to take care of something that is theirs and also for which they contribute something. Meanwhile, parents and students with existing iPhones would need to be reassured and convinced that they would benefit by voluntarily opting into partial, school management of a device so personal. Purchasing a new device must be an option for those people with privacy or other concerns. Dollars and Sense  Problem: The company that once ungrammatically told people to "Think Different" needs to think differently. Perusing Apple's U.S. higher educational store, Macs and tablets are sold, but no iPhones. The comoany's U.S. Education Institution Hardware and Software Price List, current as of Nov. 9, 2016, also doesn't include iPhone—although cases are available aplenty! The point: iPhone for education isn't on Apple's radar, but it should be. The company offers several educational financing options which should make iPhones, if offered, affordable enough for many school districts. Granted, cost to own is higher than would be Chromebooks. Consider Chase County School District, in Imperial, NE, which in June 2016 approved purchase of 300 Chromebooks for $57,000—or about $190 each. The laptops will replace Apple computers. A year earlier, the school spent about $1,000 each for 65 new Macs. You do the math on which purchase reaches more students. In September 2016, Grayslake Community High School District, in Grayslake, Ill. started deploying Chromebooks, which students can buy on payments totaling $380. Based on my research, forced student purchasing is a typical scenario, with pricing between $300-$400. iPhones won't cost as little, but a larger number of students or parents might want them more than the Chrome OS laptops. Three quarters of teens say their next cellular handset will be an iPhone, according to Piper Jaffray. Desire must count for something. That's where financing can make the difference, particularly if students are offered a version of Apple's iPhone Upgrade Program. The consumer program lets someone pay $32.41 monthly for 32GB iPhone 7, including AppleCare+ repair warranty. Twelve months later, the leasee can trade in the device and get the newest available model. One-year, financed lease cost before tax would be $388.92. Surely Apple could offer lower-cost financing and/or leasing options to schools or their students, with the goal of regaining educational customers being more important than harvesting fat margins. Investing in kids' futures also invests in Apple's. I don't suggest that any of this will be easy. School districts will resist, as many did evaluating Chromebook and later piloting deployments. Fine details matter with respect to device management, educational apps, and logistical and legal boundaries between an institution and the student. But none these things is insurmountable, if my basic premise is sound: That an iPhone, or other smartphone, is a better learning/teaching tool than is Chromebook. Photo Credit: Shutterstock/Twin Design 203 Comments Tweet Got News? Contact Us Recent Headlines Netrunner Desktop 17.01 'Baryon' Debian 9 Stretch-based KDE Linux distro now available My favorite tech items of 2016 [Joe] System Ninja 3.1.6 adds Duplicate File Finder Dell unveils 27-inch Ultrathin monitor with super-slim profile How hybrid clouds and legacy apps will evolve in 2017 How to protect your company against a potential encryption backdoor policy Update side-loaded Android apps with APKUpdater Most Commented Stories Windows 10 enters 2017 not with a bang, but a whimper 452 Comments Leaked Windows 10 Creators Update Build 14997 reveals new features 118 Comments Microsoft finally lets users pause updates in Windows 10 111 Comments Unannounced ASUS C302CA-DHM4 Chromebook hits Newegg, and it looks great 88 Comments Behold the Windows 10 GSOD -- Green Screen of Death 52 Comments © 1998-2017 BetaNews, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy.
null
Tech News Downloads Software Store Search for: BetaNews Hot Topics: Windows 10 Microsoft Apple Cloud Tablets Android Security Reviews Follow Us: Twitter Facebook Linked-in RSS iPhone should replace Chromebook in the classroom By Joe Wilcox Published 2 weeks ago 203 Comments Tweet Many educators won't agree, but perhaps students will: The PC, whether desktop or notebook, is obsolete in the classroom. This reality, if accepted for what it is, presents Apple opportunity to retake the K-12 market from Alphabet-subsidiary Google's incursion and sudden success with Chromebook among U.S. schools. If the fruit-logo company doesn't seize the moment, a competitor will—and almost certainly selling devices running Android. Chromebook's educational appeal is three-fold: low cost, manageability, and easy access to Google informational services. For buy-in price, and TCO, no Apple laptop or tablet running macOS or iOS, respectively, can compete. Think differently! Providing students any kind of computer is shortsighted, by narrowly presuming that schools, or their parents, must buy something. I suggest, in this time of budgetary constraints, that educators instead use what the kids already possess (or want to) and what they use easily and quickly: The smartphone. Think Differently The full-size keyboard and trackpad (or mouse) concept is outdated for a generation accustomed to tapping with thumbs (and a few fingers) on a screen that fits into a pocket. Think of the utility, and familiarity, to the students—and the opportunity, which I liken to going from a 2-dimensional perspective to a 3D one. The computer is flat, but the smartphone is spatial, because of how the apps, services, and relationships they present interconnect. Would smartphones be a distraction in the classroom? Of course. But I contend that they would break down many more barriers than they would create. These kids already are ultra-creative and connected across apps and services like Facebook, Instagram, Snapchat, or Tumblr, among many others that encourage interaction, collaboration, and mashing up content. Imagine if the creative energies already invested in the smartphone space could be even partially channeled to the classroom. To reiterate: This quality makes the smartphone spatial—3-dimensional—compared to Chromebooks running flat apps that are comparatively singular in utility. Same rationale applies to lower-cost Windows PCs. The app advantages and familiarity to students are potentially more expansive if allowed to be. Chatting, texting, and sharing are first nature to many young smartphone users. Apple's iOS—and likewise Google's Android—provides platform and supporting app ecosystem that encourages creative mashups and sharing. Consider the student who easily can capture and combine audio, photos, and video on a smartphone for a homework assignment—and do so much more easily than on a Chromebook. The apps and platform utility are there, and the computer in the kid's pocket is likely faster, as well as being more adaptable and productive. Who is going to learn more? The student pursuing personal interests or the one pursued by flat, curriculum computing? Learning Adventures Apple provides a robust stack of homegrown apps, such as Garage Band, iMovie, Keynote, Music Memos, Numbers, Pages, and Photos. The complete Google stack of cloud-services-supported apps also is available, which would ease the transition from Chromebook to iPhone. The creative (and revenue) opportunities for app developers could be a boon for learning. Imagine Niantic releasing an educational version of Pokemon Go that leads middle schoolers on learning adventures in controlled environs like the building's gymnasium. Why shouldn't gaming be educational and fun—or popular? Apple would need to develop educational controls, extended from their parental counterparts, for  iPhone. Imagine the supervisory advantages that managed location-servies could present, for example. Did Johnny skip school? The principal can find him. Is Jackie in the girl's room when she's supposed to be in the chem lab? The teacher knows. Is there a shooter scare? Administrators could locate students quickly during and following the crisis. The building's WiFi network would be used for accurate, pinpoint location. The educational controls could also separate home and school spaces. During the last decade, Nokia phones demarcated professional and personal home screens and apps. Apple should provide similar utility. Connected to the school's WiFi network and during the class day, students would be locked into the educational environ; they could choose which, otherwise. The 75-percent Solution Circling back to the nut graph, let's talk costs and acquisition. U.S. schools typically buy laptops—the majority of them Chromebooks in 2015-16, according to combined analyst data—for students; sixth graders upwards are often the biggest beneficiaries. Many of these same kids already own smartphones—a stunning three quarters of American teenagers, according to eMarketer and Pew. When narrowed to the total population of U.S. smartphone users (79 percent), 84 percent of 12 to 17 year-olds have the devices, eMarketer finds. Also: Forty-one percent of kids age 11 and younger. For additional perspective: Among U.S. Internet users, more 14-18 year-olds own smartphones (87 percent) than notebook (83 percent) or desktop (43 percent) PCs, according to eMarketer. Apple's problem: Not all kids will have smartphones and many may run Android. Nevertheless, there's a bumper crop to harvest. According to Piper Jaffray's "Taking Stock With Teens" twice-yearly report, which most recently released in mid-october: 74 percent of American teenage smartphone owners use an iPhone. Since one-quarter may use something else or nothing at all, there would need to be some kind of buy-in program coordinated with local school districts and Apple. Students should own the devices, and feel the responsibilities of ownership, rather than use, say, school-issued Chromebooks. Kids are more likely to take care of something that is theirs and also for which they contribute something. Meanwhile, parents and students with existing iPhones would need to be reassured and convinced that they would benefit by voluntarily opting into partial, school management of a device so personal. Purchasing a new device must be an option for those people with privacy or other concerns. Dollars and Sense  Problem: The company that once ungrammatically told people to "Think Different" needs to think differently. Perusing Apple's U.S. higher educational store, Macs and tablets are sold, but no iPhones. The comoany's U.S. Education Institution Hardware and Software Price List, current as of Nov. 9, 2016, also doesn't include iPhone—although cases are available aplenty! The point: iPhone for education isn't on Apple's radar, but it should be. The company offers several educational financing options which should make iPhones, if offered, affordable enough for many school districts. Granted, cost to own is higher than would be Chromebooks. Consider Chase County School District, in Imperial, NE, which in June 2016 approved purchase of 300 Chromebooks for $57,000—or about $190 each. The laptops will replace Apple computers. A year earlier, the school spent about $1,000 each for 65 new Macs. You do the math on which purchase reaches more students. In September 2016, Grayslake Community High School District, in Grayslake, Ill. started deploying Chromebooks, which students can buy on payments totaling $380. Based on my research, forced student purchasing is a typical scenario, with pricing between $300-$400. iPhones won't cost as little, but a larger number of students or parents might want them more than the Chrome OS laptops. Three quarters of teens say their next cellular handset will be an iPhone, according to Piper Jaffray. Desire must count for something. That's where financing can make the difference, particularly if students are offered a version of Apple's iPhone Upgrade Program. The consumer program lets someone pay $32.41 monthly for 32GB iPhone 7, including AppleCare+ repair warranty. Twelve months later, the leasee can trade in the device and get the newest available model. One-year, financed lease cost before tax would be $388.92. Surely Apple could offer lower-cost financing and/or leasing options to schools or their students, with the goal of regaining educational customers being more important than harvesting fat margins. Investing in kids' futures also invests in Apple's. I don't suggest that any of this will be easy. School districts will resist, as many did evaluating Chromebook and later piloting deployments. Fine details matter with respect to device management, educational apps, and logistical and legal boundaries between an institution and the student. But none these things is insurmountable, if my basic premise is sound: That an iPhone, or other smartphone, is a better learning/teaching tool than is Chromebook. Photo Credit: Shutterstock/Twin Design 203 Comments Tweet Got News? Contact Us Recent Headlines Netrunner Desktop 17.01 'Baryon' Debian 9 Stretch-based KDE Linux distro now available My favorite tech items of 2016 [Joe] System Ninja 3.1.6 adds Duplicate File Finder Dell unveils 27-inch Ultrathin monitor with super-slim profile How hybrid clouds and legacy apps will evolve in 2017 How to protect your company against a potential encryption backdoor policy Update side-loaded Android apps with APKUpdater Most Commented Stories Windows 10 enters 2017 not with a bang, but a whimper 452 Comments Leaked Windows 10 Creators Update Build 14997 reveals new features 118 Comments Microsoft finally lets users pause updates in Windows 10 111 Comments Unannounced ASUS C302CA-DHM4 Chromebook hits Newegg, and it looks great 88 Comments Behold the Windows 10 GSOD -- Green Screen of Death 52 Comments © 1998-2017 BetaNews, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy.
null
null
null
News Election 2016 Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Lifestyle Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news US election Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. Lifestyle Tech Apple employees break their vow of secrecy to describe the best — and worst — things about working for Apple Jim Edwards, Business Insider Sunday 18 December 2016 15:46 BST Click to follow The Independent Tech Apple chief executive Tim Cook unveils the latest Macbook Pro range during an event at the Apple Headquarters in Cupertino, California EPA Apple has a strict code of secrecy that it expects all employees to live by. Anyone who breaks it is fired.  Unsurprisingly, employees rarely speak publicly about what it is like to work there.  Luckily, there are several Quora threads written by former and current employees devoted to answering questions about life inside the Fruit Company. We put some highlights together with info we got from our own sources, and reports elsewhere.  Their comments reveal how employees are prepared to pull all-nighters at a moment's notice, how their trash is monitored by security, and how much they enjoy working with the best. ↓↓↓ New interns get a box that contains the following hardcore message: (Quora) From Christina Quan, Apple software development intern. If Apple rejects your internship application, forget about trying again. Apple has software that prevents would-be interns from applying twice. So if you're rejected, that's it. According to Mac Consultant Frank Lazar: "Apple is such a golden opportunity for interns that it can be extremely choosy about who gets to play in their circular sandbox. They look for interns with amazing talent, and in their view, if you failed to show evidence of talent the first time around, a little experience somewhere else isn’t going to change anything." "We don't waste time with the dumb." UX designer Luis Abreu had a grueling job interview process in a failed attempt to get into Apple. He described it on his blog: "3 screening calls, 5 FaceTime interviews, a trip to Cupertino for 5 two-person interviews lasting a whole day and a lunch at the newest Café Macs. In the end, I got a shallow no." During one interview he was told, “We don’t waste time with the dumb.” Once you get in, "it's a tough place to be if you're more than 20 pounds overweight." Anonymous: "There are a lot more fit and good looking people at Apple, than otherwise. It's actually pretty ridiculous. Almost everyone is really athletic: many people do triathlons, bike races, and marathon. It's a tough place to be if you're more than 20 pounds overweight, but then again, it can also be that extra push you need to get in shape. I know of people who've lost 60 pounds and are no longer pre-diabetic because they started going cycling with their coworkers over lunch." "Trash bins were monitored." Tim Su wrote this list describing secrecy at Apple:  - code names for every product - no one referred to products any other way - team members who are also on "special" teams don't tell their coworkers what they do - black curtains and frosted windows - trash bins were monitored "Guys in the developer group had to show up for meetings at 4:00am." David Graham, former writer at Apple: "I remember when bleary-eyed guys in the developer group had to show up for meetings at 4:00am to allow for time-zone differences around the world. They had to do it every day, and I’m sure it disrupted their personal lives." "Apple employees don't just use Macs — they use really buggy Macs, often with really buggy apps." Brent Royal-Gordon, code writer: "Internally, most devices are running test builds of all the software on them, often updating every couple of weeks with the very latest code from the engineering teams. So Apple employees don't just use Macs—they use really buggy Macs, often with really buggy apps. People on the iOS teams often use really buggy iPhones, iPads, and Apple Watches, too. This ensures that the company catches a lot of bugs before anyone on the outside ever sees the software." Apple products are built in factories that run on ... Microsoft Windows. In 2014, CEO Tim Cook tweeted a photo of an Apple factory in Asia he had visited. The manufacturing line was run using screens that clearly showed Microsoft's Windows operating system. That is no surprise: Certain industrial CNC milling programs only run on Windows. In the stores, there is a lot of clapping. Renee Morales, former Apple Store Specialist: "There will be a lot of clapping. As a new hire you'll get ‘clapped in.’ At the end of every shift meeting there's clapping. When someone quits, on their last day they get ‘clapped out’. Sometimes just for kicks to make a little kid feel good you'll clap. ….there's just a lot of clapping." You might get death threats from customers whose devices break down. An Apple store worker told Business Insider: "I have had death threats before. I had someone, I can’t even remember why — it may have been an out-of-warranty fix — who told me that because we wouldn’t repair it for free that they would wait outside until I finished work to run me down with their car." You will have to learn Apple's weird internal secret culture — quickly. Wei Sun, Data Science / Software Engineering: "Almost everything will be at least slightly different from your previous job. If you’re an engineer, there are custom internal tools, unusual practices, and odd office culture norms — even more so than is typical at other companies. Questions should be asked as often as possible during your first month; don’t be afraid to ask." "Furthermore, since secrecy is so important at Apple, different teams’ cultures had a chance to become incredibly different from each other. When working in cross-functional projects, take the time to learn about the other teams’ preferred communication styles and other peculiarities. This will save you a lot of time." Apple controls what you talk about with your spouse. Justin Maxwell was a user interface designer: "The measures that Apple takes to protect its creative and intellectual environment are unparalleled in the valley, and it's been a disappointing experience since leaving there. Apple's security policy extends to blogs, to speaking engagements, to what we talk about with our spouses. Most people get it and respect it. The ones who don't -- the ones who need to put Apple under their name so they can get a speaking gig at SxSW -- are kindly ushered to move on." "If I was still at Apple, I would not be responding to this question, nor would I feel wronged for not being able to." Apple makes grammar and punctuation changes in its internal documents in order to track leaks. After Business Insider obtained a couple of leaked memos from retail chief Angela Ahrendts, the company began making changes to its internal communications to help it figure out where the leaks came from. It now sends differently worded memos to different sections of the company in hopes of tracking leaks back to the source when those memos are quoted in the media. "It's not the place for children." Anonymous: "It's an older demographic working there, not the 24-year old MBAs, most seem to be late 30's to 40's, super smart but with real life experience, too. There aren't any Nerf guns or any of that crap, just people past all that and at the top of their game. It's not the place for children." "I've been in meetings at 4pm where a dozen people decide we are going to all work all night that night." Anonymous: "Apple comes first.  Not to say you can't have some personal life or even a pretty normal one, but when stuff gets crazy, work comes first ahead of all else. I've been in meetings at 4pm where a dozen people decide we are going to all work all night that night in the office on a problem.  No discussion about 'hey, I have to pick up my kids' or 'let me call home first' - everyone nods and agrees, no hesitation." "You are in the office every day unless you are sick or dead." Anonymous: "No work from home. The company culture wants everyone face to face every day and they are very up-front and clear about it. You are in the office every day unless you are sick or dead. Nobody watches what time you are in every day but telecommute is something they very vocally say is not and will not be part of the culture." They will email you in hospital. Former Apple employee Ben Farrell wrote a lengthy, detailed blog post explaining the reasons he quit the company: "In recent weeks I contracted a nasty incapacitating mosquito born virus and was hospitalised for a short time. However, rather than receiving support, I was emailed a presentation to my hospital bed with a note that it needed to be completed ‘urgently’. Even on the very morning of my wedding I was still being harassed by phone and email to send a report someone had lost." Sunday is a work day. Don Melton was the former director of internet technologies. He did a podcast in which he described Apple's insane work schedule: "Sunday is a work night for everybody at Apple because it’s the exec meeting the next day. So you had your phone out there, you were sitting in front of your computer, it didn’t matter if your favorite show was on." Some hiring managers discriminate against older employees. There is a great story about JK Scheinberg in the New York Times:  Scheinberg was "the engineer at Apple who led the effort that moved the Mac to Intel processors. A little restless after retiring in 2008, at 54, he figured he'd be a great fit for a position at an Apple store Genius Bar, despite being twice as old as anyone else at the group interview. 'On the way out, all three of the interviewers singled me out and said, "We'll be in touch,"' he said. 'I never heard back.'" "I'd scare the engineer by telling them how bad things would be if anyone inside or outside knew what I was going to ask them to do." Simon Woodside, program manager in Core OS: "Having all these secrets was difficult from my perspective. I couldn't really engage in idle banter with my colleagues for fear of slipping something out." "... I'd scare the engineer by telling them how bad things would be if anyone inside or outside knew what I was going to ask them to do. They would verify with their director, and hopefully be able to fix the relevant problem. We'd slip them some PC hardware if needed or preferably use Virtual PC or the like to be more inconspicuous. They certainly couldn't tell their co-workers about this work." "Personally, I didn't talk either ... my close friends and family knew I was working on some secret project but they didn't find out what until Steve himself made the announcement. Apple had total control of the message. The secrecy paid off big time for the company." There is a serious risk of burnout. Steve Fenwick, hardware engineer: "You don’t work at Apple unless you are seriously motivated to work there. The ones who are there for a check, or stock, are the ones who burn out first and fastest." You will meet a LOT of different people with very different backgrounds. Rodrigo Estrada Gil, former maps engineer: "In my office there is a sports photographer, a documentary filmmaker, a pole dancer, a folk musician, engineers, translators, QA testers, a nurse, a forklift driver, advertising creatives, videogame testers, a trance producer, marketing people, a screenwriter, a documentary producer, ex-housewives, a Pink Floyd cover band singer, a pole dancer, a biologist, a theoretical physicist, a costumier, etc." “On a regular basis you either get positive feedback or are told to stop doing stupid s--t.” Andrew Borovsky, a former Apple designer: Every week, the highest-level execs review every aspect of Apple's business, Fortune reported: “From a design perspective, having every junior- level designer getting direct executive-level feedback is killer,” says Andrew Borovsky, a former Apple designer who now runs 80/20, a New York design shop. “On a regular basis you either get positive feedback or are told to stop doing stupid s--t.” Borovsky now works at CADRE. Folks who work in Apple's stores are so poorly paid they often cannot afford to buy the products they sell. An anonymous store worker told Business Insider: "I had a friend who worked there who absolutely loved the products and would go into his overdraft, go into debt, to buy the latest Apple product. It is crazy. One of the managers had to leave because his landlord wouldn’t renew his lease. He had to leave the store because he couldn’t afford to even move into a new studio flat on an Apple Manager salary. I think he went back to live with his parents. He was in his late 30s. Maybe 40." Ariel Maislos: Stay paranoid and keep running. The former CEO of Flash memory company Anobit, which was acquired by Apple, told ZDNet: "They say that Intel is full of paranoids, but at Apple, 'they' really are after you."  "At Apple, you have to run ahead just to stay in place, and there are very high expectations of everyone. Apple expects everything you do to be amazing." "Paranoid management, disrespect, constant tension, and long hours." Anonymous: "Generally speaking it is a pressure cooker and all communication is one directional (guess which way that is)."  "... Paranoid management, disrespect, constant tension, and long hours sum up most of the real culture in operations ... Most of the people in SDM (supply demand management) see it as something they need to suck up for a few painful years after b-school so they can move on to a better gig with the Apple brand on their resume. Like the investment banking of tech." "... Work here at your own risk.  On the upside, cafe food is pretty good and dress is casual." Andrew Guan, Apple China: It can be like a cult. "I don't know what the internal culture is like in the States, [but] in China, it's pretty insane. Imagine, on the quarter meeting, manager stand on the table and shouting 'WHO ARE YOU!' All the employees raise their hands over the head and answer 'WE ARE APPLE!'" Austin Meyer: Working at Apple is like being at war. A fun war. Meyer told this story, as published on Macrumors: "Being at Apple is almost like what I imagine it would be like to be inside of Boeing during World-War 2: Everything is running at 100% throttle, with knowledge that we are running at 100% of our abilities, and that is enough to guarantee the best product, and guarantee success in the final outcome, but nothing less than a 100% delivery is acceptable. Apple is fighting a War against Microsoft, with a clearly FAR superior product, but with the very clear knowledge that it is a FUN war to fight, that they are clearly WINNING, but that they can NOT slip up even the slightest bit if they want to have ultimate success." Brandon Carson, contractor: "Your work is peer-vetted." "They desire and demand a collaborative atmosphere. Your work is peer-vetted -- we had to present our work to the team and take feedback." "At first I found this a bit disruptive, cause I'm used to working on my own projects in a silo, but at the end of the day, the collaboration ensured a better product. And the work didn't progress too far without checks and balances." "More companies need to operate like that internally." "All the maple surfaces in all the retail stores are harvested at one particular time of the year in Canada so they all look the same." Richard Francis, formerly of Intel, who worked on a project with Apple says on Quora: "The brand is guarded with a zeal that borders on zealous obsession. For instance - I heard (unconfirmed) that all the maple surfaces in all the retail stores are harvested at one particular time of the year in Canada so they all look the same." Back when Tim Cook was only the COO, he gave this explanation for Apple's secrecy: “Well, that is a part of the magic of Apple. And I don’t want to let anybody know our magic because I don’t want anybody copying it,” Fortune reported. Apple used to sell this T-shirt at its HQ campus store. (Christian Heilmann / Flickr, CC) Enough said. Read more: • This chart is easy to interpret: It says we're screwed • How Uber became the world's most valuable startup • These 4 things could trigger the next crisis in Europe Read the original article on Business Insider UK. © 2016. Follow Business Insider UK on Twitter. More about: Apple Tim Cook Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
Share 18 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-01-02 ‘The Affair’ Season 3 On Showtime Recap, Which Character Is The Most Messed Up? [Spoilers] Entertainment 2017-01-02 Maddie Ziegler YouTube Channel Launched: ‘Dance Moms’ Star Says ‘It’s Gonna Be Really, Really Fun’ Entertainment 2017-01-01 Netflix News: What’s Leaving In January Entertainment 2017-01-01 Whose New Year’s Eve Meltdown Was More Entertaining, Don Lemon or Mariah Carey? News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2017-01-02 Death By Selfie: Indian Student Killed In Front Of Oncoming Train, ‘Killfies’ Skyrocket Worldwide News 2017-01-02 Poll: Most Americans Don’t Think Donald Trump Can Prevent Scandal In His Administration News 2017-01-02 Oklahoma Earthquakes: Series Of Small Earthquakes Rattle Oklahoma Residents News 2017-01-02 Mugshot Model Jeremy Meeks Had An Amazing 2016 After Doing Time Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Football 2017-01-02 The Chicago Bears Should Target These Three Players In The Offseason Wrestling 2017-01-02 WWE News: Alberto Del Rio Arrested After Fight In Austria Wrestling 2017-01-02 ‘WWE Raw’ Results: Goldberg On First-Ever ‘Kevin Owens Show’ & Reigns Vs. Jericho For US Title [Live Updates] Basketball 2017-01-02 NBA Trade Rumors: Avery Bradley To Lakers, Jahlil Okafor To Celtics, Jordan Clarkson To 76ers Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-01-01 New Year’s Resolutions You Can Actually Keep Lifestyle 2017-01-01 New Year’s Resolution Tips: Experts Tell How To Pick And Stick To Your Resolutions In 2017 Lifestyle 2016-12-31 New Year’s Resolution: 7 Things You Must Add To Your List Lifestyle 2016-12-30 Anything Open New Year’s Eve & New Year’s Day? Holiday Hours For Stores, Restaurants, Banks, Post Office As We Ring In 2017 Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-01-02 Over 700 U.S. Hospitals Penalized For ‘Superbug’ Infections And Patient Injuries: Is Your Hospital On The List? Health 2017-01-01 FDA Warns Pregnant Women Of High Rate Of False Positives For Zika Test: Less Than Half Of Positive ZIKV Detect Test Samples Actually Had Zika Health 2017-01-01 New Form Of Medical Marijuana Helps Treat Kids With Epilepsy Health 2016-12-31 What Is Intersex? Inside The Medical Condition That Is As Common As Red Hair Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2017-01-02 ‘Tom Clancy’s The Division’ 1.6 Update: Review Of Last Stand Datamine Leak Reveals PvP Control Points, Dark Zone Gameplay Events, And Leaderboard Checkpoints [Rumors] Gaming 2017-01-02 ‘The Celebrity Apprentice’ 2017 Spoilers: Which Contestants Are Rumored To Go Far In The New Season With Arnold Schwarzenegger? Gaming 2017-01-02 For ‘Destiny 2,’ Bungie Focuses On Improving Storytelling Gaming 2017-01-01 ‘Marvel Vs. Capcom Infinite’: Mega Man X Huge Part Of Cinematic Story Mode, Developers Reveal BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-01-02 Hoax? Blake Messick Claimed He Hacked Neighbor’s Unsecured Wireless Printer – Printed 10 Words, Got New Free Printer BuzzWorthy 2017-01-02 IPhone Case Looks Like A Gun – Brings Warning To Public From Police [Photo] BuzzWorthy 2017-01-02 Mom Donates 18.5 Gallons Of Breastmilk Following Her Newborn’s Death, Claims Pumping Helped Her Heal BuzzWorthy 2017-01-02 Japanese Boy Band SMAP Quietly Disbands: Decision Not Unanimous, Indicates Agency Of Popular J-Pop Band That Was Together Since 1988 SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss ‘Pokémon GO’ On Apple Watch Confirmed By Niantic After Fake Email Leaks Gaming 18 0 0 December 18, 2016 ‘Pokémon GO’ On Apple Watch Confirmed By Niantic After Fake Email Leaks Jovi Figueroa Niantic thrashes rumors that Pokemon GO on the Apple Watch has been cancelled and confirms that the product will roll out soon. It’s been six months since Pokemon GO‘s phenomenal success and it seems its initial explosion is now waning into a weak flame. To keep Pokemon GO trainers from walking away from their devices, Niantic has been very active in bringing more content into the app, such as special events and rewards. Pokemon GO’s Halloween event has been particularly successful, Forbes reported, earning Niantic a huge 133 percent revenue boost throughout the event. Pokemon GO’s Halloween event, although fairly straightforward, did encourage a lot of Pokemon GO trainers who have been straying away from the game to come back. But while these events prove that it will be in Pokemon GO’s best interest to keep holding special double XP events, these alone won’t hold out the game for too long. Public events such as those included in the initial Pokemon GO teaser, featuring special mechanics and gameplay to catch Mewtwo or the Legendardy Birds, have yet to be released by Pokemon GO. And we’re only at the sixth month mark, to boot. Surely, there are more surprises Niantic has in store for all the Pokemon GO trainers out there. Pokemon GO’s Halloween event was a huge success [Image by Brendon Throne/Getty Images] This is why after the Pokemon GO Plus’ immense success in September—a release that was met by immense demand, prompting the device to become sold out—it’s natural for Niantic to introduce a similar or even an updated version of the device. Three months ago, at Apple’s iPhone reveal event in September, 9to5Mac reported that Apple announced an “unfinished” Pokemon GO port for the Apple Watch. This version of Pokemon GO for the Apple Watch will enable trainers to see how far they need to walk to hatch an egg, how much more XP you’ll need to level up, see earned medals, collect items from PokeStops, and even keep track of how much distance you’ve covered and how many calories you’ve burned. The Pokemon GO port on the Apple Watch will also let trainers see nearby Pokemon so that they will only really need to whip out their phones if they needed to capture a Pokemon. The concept of the Pokemon GO port on the Apple Watch is a pretty nifty one for serious Pokemon GO trainers who found the Pokemon GO Plus quite lacking since there’s not much interaction that could be done with the accompaniment device. In more crime-prone areas, monitoring your Pokemon GO on your Apple Watch instead of on your smartphone all the time also diminishes the risk of accidents and theft. So when Apple announced their partnership with Pokemon GO, stating a tentative release date of “later this year,” serious Pokemon GO trainers would have been ecstatic. But it’s December and 2016 is almost gone and we’ve yet to hear back from Niantic or Apple regarding the Pokemon GO port on the Apple Watch. In fact, this impatience from Pokemon GO trainers have prompted fake news such as this one fromReddit, which claims that Niantic has shelved the Apple watch development. The fake e-mail posted by hi1307 read as follows. Trainer, Thank you for your interest in Pokémon GO for the Apple Watch. Unfortunately, the game port for the Apple Watch has been shelved. The Apple Keynote represented an unfinished port. However, as a company, we have decided to stop development of the port. Although development has been shelved, if demand for an Apple Watch port increases, we will continue development of the port. We’re sincerely sorry for the inconvenience this has caused you. Please enjoy 5 free incense, in your backpack. Once again, thank you contacting Pokémon GO support and sorry for the shelved plans. -NianticOpsLuke GameSpot, however, has reached out to Niantic and has come back with good news. A spokesperson for Niantic confirmed that Pokemon GO remains in development for the Apple Watch with a comment of “We’ll have more news soon.” In fact, earlier today, Pokemon GO made the confirmation via their Twitter page that Pokemon GO on the Apple Watch is still happening. Although its prior release date of 2016 looks glum now, there’s still a couple of weeks left before the year goes away for good. We might still get some great news from Niantic before New Years. Pokémon Go for Apple Watch is coming soon. Stay tuned. — Pokémon GO (@PokemonGoApp) December 17, 2016 For the mean time, as we wait for Pokemon GO on the Apple Watch, you can still try pushing your luck to capture a Ditto, if you haven’t yet. I’m freaking out! I caught a Ratata, turns out it was a Ditto! #PokemonGO pic.twitter.com/uXiPWqgwAZ — Tim (@TimLikesCameras) December 15, 2016 [Featured image by Pablo Cuadra/Getty Images for Apple] Now Watch This: Rare Underwater Footage Captured Below Antarctic Ice Now Read This: Samsung Galaxy S8 Leak Teases Continuum Feature For Next Flagship: Android/Chrome OS Hybrid On The Way? Share 18 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Jovi Figueroa Tags: Apple watch, ditto, event, pokemon January 2, 2017 ‘Tom Clancy’s The Division’ 1.6 Update: Review Of Last Stand Datamine Leak Reveals PvP Control Points, Dark Zone Gameplay Events, And Leaderboard Checkpoints [Rumors] December 30, 2016 Celebrity Deaths: December 2016 Marks End Of Worst Year, Or Just Media Hype? Comments LATEST HEADLINES ‘The Bachelor’ 2017 Spoilers For Episode 2: Nick Viall Heads Out On His First Dates, Awkward Moments Are Ahead Hoax? Blake Messick Claimed He Hacked Neighbor’s Unsecured Wireless Printer – Printed 10 Words, Got New Free Printer Get To Know Corinne Olympios Of ‘The Bachelor’ 2017, Her Business And More Death By Selfie: Indian Student Killed In Front Of Oncoming Train, ‘Killfies’ Skyrocket Worldwide Jinger Duggar Baby Rumors Swirl, No Official Announcement Made Yet Waffle House Waitress Loses Job After Firing Warning Shot In The Air During Robbery ‘Missing Nine’ Upcoming K-Drama Premiere: MBC To Run Special Episode 6 Days Before Melodramatic Series Airs [Video] Victoria’s Secret Model Bridget Malcolm Poses Nearly Nude For ‘Playboy’ ‘Reality Steve’ Wrong About ‘Bachelor’ Nick Viall’s Final Pick? Who Really Gets Nick’s Final Rose? Jon Gosselin Spends New Year’s Eve With Half His Kids: What Did They Do? Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Julian Assange Has Confirmed That The U.S. Government Is Lying To The American People About Russia 34.3k 0 0 2NE1: YG Entertainment K-Pop Girl Group Confirmed To Disband, CL And Dara Re-Signed To Label As Soloists 37.5k 0 0 Win An iPhone 7 From ‘The Inquisitr’ 52 0 0 Theo James Not Engaged To Girlfriend Ruth Kearney, Shailene Woodley And ‘Underworld’ Actor Say Goodbye To ‘Divergent’ Movies 2.6k 0 0 Bernie Sanders Tells Trump ‘Keep Your Promises’, Don’t Cut Social Security Or Medicare 2.4k 0 0 Delayed Kindergarten Enrollment Dramatically Reduces ADHD In Children, Study Shows 374.7k 0 0 Recent Videos Automotive Uber Removes Self Driving Cars In San Francisco One Week After Launching Science Scientist Creates Artificial Human Skin From Algae Technology Google Will Not Make Autonomous Cars Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact News Partners Opposing Views Huffington Post Fark Buzz Feed Supported By DoubleClick Google Adsense Softlayer Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr News.
null
NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE TrackR Unveils New Pixel and Wallet 2.0 Trackers Dell Unveils 27-inch Ultrathin Monitor WARNING: Opening This Malicious Text Will Break Your Messages App [Video] Apple to Seed iOS 10.3 With New Theater Mode on January 10th? Apple's AirPods Rendered in Jet Black! [Images] Check Out This Huge 1.7 Gigapixel Aerial Image of Apple Campus 2 Samsung Unveils New Curved Quantum Dot Monitor Kanex Unveils Magnetic Charging Stand and Portable Keychain Battery for Apple Watch Apple to Cut iPhone Production By 10% in Q1 2017 [Report] Foxconn Aims to Fully Automate Entire Factories in Three Phases Apple Purportedly Orders All Plastic OLEDs for Curved iPhone 8 LIKE   TWEET   SHARE   PIN   SHARE   POST MAIL MORE Posted December 18, 2016 at 4:21pm by iClarified · 9882 views · Translate Apple has ordered all plastic OLED, not glass, from Samsung Display for the curved iPhone 8, according to the KoreaHerald. “The OLED version of the new iPhone will all be curved as Apple ordered all plastic OLED -- not glass -- from Samsung Display. Samsung is capable of supplying a little less than 100 million units of curved OLED displays to Apple,” a source familiar with the matter told The Korea Herald. The site says plastic OLED are used for curved panels like the one on the Galaxy S7 Edge but glass OLED is typically used for flat panels. To differentiate from Samsung's devices, Apple is said to be using new sensing technology. “The upcoming iPhone may use new sensing technology, which enables the phone to respond when users touch any side of the device. But, Apple may not adopt this technology,” the source added, without elaborating further on details. Apple is expected to rely entirely on Samsung for OLED panels next year but will add suppliers moving forward. Please follow iClarified on Twitter, Facebook, Google+, or RSS for updates. Read More Follow iClarified Comments (5) Add Comment T. Cook Sux More Than Just Weiners... - December 21, 2016 at 8:27am Plastic? SERIOUSLY? Is Tim Cook actually TRYING to destroy the greatness of Apple? Apparently so. I've already moved from iPhone to Android (Google Pixel)...and I've ALWAYS been a staunch Apple advocate...BUT...that Pixel outperforms the iPhone 7 in EVERY way and I haven't been this happy with a phone since I first used the iPhone 3G(s). The only thing keeping me using a Mac (a 2013 non-retina..so I can upgrade at my leisure and not have to worry about soldered in components, and has all the ports I need without having to buy an accessory) is OS X (macOS), but I'm sure given time, Tim Cook will find a way to destroy that as well. Someone needs to clone Steve Jobs so he can save Apple again in 20 years...if it isn't already in absolute shambles by then. Reply · Like · Mark as Spam Ifrogger - December 20, 2016 at 5:31am Plastic is better than sapphire. It's unscratchable. Reply · Like · Mark as Spam Huh? - December 21, 2016 at 8:16am I hope that was sarcasm...otherwise you are a complete idiot. Reply · Like · Mark as Spam Steve Nojobs & Tim Crook - December 19, 2016 at 4:02am Boooo All plastic is going backwards another fail from Apple Reply · Like · Mark as Spam KEK - December 18, 2016 at 4:29pm Dontcha kno! Samsheep love de curves. Bring them to us! Reply · Like · Mark as Spam Recent Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder News Tutorials Answers Wizards Search Comments Bookmarks Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified Send Us a Tip Contact Us Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder, News, Tutorials, Answers, Wizards, Search, Comments, Bookmarks, Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified, Send Us a Tip, Contact Us Copyright © iClarified. All rights reserved. Privacy. Content.
自由電子報 | 影音娛樂 | 好康報報 | 自由部落 ‧Business Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Home / Business Mon, Dec 19, 2016 - Page 16　News List Print Mail Facebook Twitter plurk funp Departing Apple analyst has some doubts BEARISH RECOMMENDATION:In a cautious final note, analyst Gene Munster has urged Apple to address investor concerns over innovation and growth, and focus on services Bloomberg In his farewell note to investors, technology analyst Gene Munster was slightly bearish on Apple Inc, a contrast to more than a decade of bullish recommendations. Munster announced his departure from brokerage firm Piper Jaffray Co earlier this month after a 21-year career. He is leaving to start a venture capital fund that will invest in virtual reality, augmented reality, artificial intelligence and robotics start-ups. Over this long career covering the iPhone maker, Munster remained bullish on Apple’s stock — he only had a “market perform” four times in the middle of 2004, and maintained an “outperform” or “overweight” recommendation from late June of that year through Thursday last week’s final research note, according to data compiled by Bloomberg. Munster also had the ear of the chief executive officer on earnings calls. And following his advice would have generated eye-popping returns. The company’s share price is almost 50 times greater now than when he recommended buying in June 2004. His final note was uncharacteristically cautious. Apple will have to grow its services business a lot if the company is going to successfully address investor concern about growth and innovation, he said. Pulling that off would require big business model changes for the Cupertino, California-based company, Munster added. “Since I started covering Apple in 2004, the two core concerns from investors have always been unit growth and innovation,” the analyst wrote. “Not much has changed since 2004 despite the evolution of the business from PC to mobile and not much will change if they are not successful in making services a bigger part of the story,” he said. Munster predicted that Apple’s services business, the division encompassing Siri, iCloud and iTunes, are likely to become a bigger part of the company’s revenue. Services revenue grew 25 percent year-over-year in the September quarter, and it accounts for 14 percent of total sales, according to data compiled by Bloomberg. For Apple to be considered a services company, that revenue needs to get to 50 percent of the company’s total, which may take radical strategic changes, Munster said. “The company may have to take unique measures to sell hardware in a different way,” Munster wrote. “It could mean accepting a lower profit margin on hardware by selling the low-end device we expected years ago, but got the iPhone 5C,” he added. Or Apple could sell bundled packages of hardware and software direct to consumers, which includes the company’s the iPhone Upgrade Program, an annual App Store budget, Apple Music and content subscriptions, the analyst said. “We don’t know what the right answer is, but feel confident the management team will figure out the best forward path to optimize the services story,” Munster said. He was more optimistic about Apple’s main product, predicting next year’s iPhone to be “compelling enough to sustain high single-digit to low double-digit unit growth.” Apple is working on a redesigned iPhone with a glass casing and an OLED display, Bloomberg News reported earlier this year. This story has been viewed 2061 times. Comments will be moderated. Remarks containing abusive and obscene language, personal attacks of any kind or promotion will be removed and the user banned. Print Mail facebook twitter plurk funp TOP Most Popular Listing from 2016-12-27 to 2017-01-03 Most read Most e-mailed 1 Committee green-lights same-sex marriage draft 2 EDITORIAL: Transitional justice must be taught 3 Obama military exchange overture sparks China ire 4 Book Review:A misunderstood crisis 5 Gold futures cap longest run of weekly losses in 12 years 金價週線跌勢十二年來最長 MORE  1 FDA announces stricter food labeling regulations 2 Tainan collector shows off money 3 Major tire makers raising prices as materials go up 4 School event row sparks debate on Taiwanese history 5 China considering strong steps to contain Taiwan MORE  Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Subscribe‧Advertise‧Employment‧About Us‧Contact Us‧ RSS Copyright © 1999-2017 The Taipei Times. All rights reserved.
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming CES 2017 GPS & Sat Nav Mobile Apps Mobile Phone Accessories Mobile Phones Tablets Wearables & Fitness Trending: Christmas Gift Guide Apple Watch 2 iPhone 7 Galaxy S7 vs iPhone 6S Google Pixel Galaxy S7 Home / News / Mobile Phone News / Report: iPhone 8 to come with curved plastic OLED screen Report: iPhone 8 to come with curved plastic OLED screen by Joe Roberts 18 December 2016 0 shares Read Comments Among the overwhelming amounts of iPhone rumours, talk of a curved OLED screen has perhaps been the most persistent. And while previous rumours suggested Apple was looking to introduce a glass OLED display – some even claimed the company was working on an all-glass design for the phone – a new report suggests the redesign could be slightly different. According to The Korea Herald (via 9to5Mac), the iPhone 8 will arrive with a plastic OLED display, built by Samsung, that curves "all over". Related: iPhone 8 A source familiar with the matter told The Korea Herald: “The OLED version of the new iPhone will all be curved as Apple ordered all plastic OLED -- not glass -- from Samsung Display. Samsung is capable of supplying a little less than 100 million units of curved OLED displays to Apple.” The report also echoes previous reports that state Apple is working on one radical redesign for its next handset, which will feature the OLED tech and be named the iPhone 8, along with two iterative updates, which could arrive in the form of the iPhone 7S and 7S Plus. Concept renderings show what the upcoming iPhone 8 could look like, alongside iterative '7S' and '7S Plus' models Along with the plastic OLED screen, the Herald also states that Apple could use 'new sensing technologies' to set its upcoming handset apart from rival devices, such as Samsung's upcoming Galaxy S8. Previous rumours have suggested the Cupertino-based company could do away with the home button on the iPhone 8, allowing for a larger, almost bezel-less display. This would mean the Touch ID fingerprint scanner, typically situated below the home button, would need to be moved or integrated into the display, which could be the new 'sensing technologies,' referenced in the report. Related: CES 2017 However, according to the Herald's source, the new sensing tech "enables the phone to respond when users touch any side of the device." The potential 7S and 7S Plus updates will, according to the Herald, use flat liquid crystal displays from LG Display and JDI. Just why Apple would use plastic OLED technology instead of glass is unclear at the moment, but as with all iPhone 8 rumours of this sort, none of the information has been confirmed, so take the report with due caution. WATCH: iPhone 7 vs iPhone 8 Head-to-Head Let us know what you think of the latest report in the comments. 0 shares Read Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2017, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple more Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Ticwatch 2 hands-on: Forget expensive Apple and Google watches, this $200 smartwatch packs it all in The wearable market continues to struggle, and it's tough to justify a smartphone companion priced at $350 to more than $1,000. Mobvoi's Ticwatch 2 offers all you need, including GPS, music storage, voice assistant, vibrant display, and heart-rate monitor. By Matthew Miller for The Mobile Gadgeteer | December 18, 2016 -- 13:47 GMT (05:47 PST) | Topic: Mobility Kickstarter campaigns sometimes never deliver, like Pebble Time 2 and Pebble Core, but we also see successfully funded products that end up providing what was promoted. The Ticwatch 2 campaign began in late July and reached its funding goal of $50,000 in just 10 minutes. While I did not back this new smartwatch, I was recently sent an evaluation Ticwatch 2 Active to test. I've used it over the past couple of weeks and think it is a watch you may want to consider if you are interested in wearables but don't want to commit $300 to $1,000 or more to see whether you really need a companion to your smartphone. Specifications of the Ticwatch 2 include: Processor: 1.2 GHz MediaTek 2601 dual-core Display: 1.4 inch 400x400-pixel resolution MOLED, 287 ppi Operating system: Android 5.1 with Ticwear OS layer on top RAM: 512MB Storage: 4GB internal storage Wireless technology: 802.11 b/g/n WiFi, Bluetooth 4.1 Sensors: Optical heart rate, accelerometer, gyroscope, GPS Other features: IP65 dust and water resistant, integrated microphone and speaker Battery: 300mAh battery with wireless charging dock Dimensions: 42 x 42 x 11.95mm and 44g Special Feature Wearables: Fit For Business? Read More The Ticwatch 2 is lighter than the Apple Watch and Samsung Gear S3. I can wear it comfortably for long periods of time and barely even notice it is on my wrist. Hardware The Ticwatch 2 is constructed primarily of polycarbonate material -- matte finish on the top and glossy on the bottom. A standard 20mm-size silicone band is included with the active version, but there are other strap options available. Quick release pins are positioned on the strap, too. The watch doesn't look particularly remarkable, but when you make a gesture to turn on the display, you see that the 1.4 inch OLED looks fantastic. There's an always-on mode, too, so you can see the time and other information without turning on the display. The OLED is bright with crisp, colorful icons and text. The display is touch-enabled with a single crown button to take you back to the watch face. On the side opposite of the physical button, you will find the "tickle strip" that lets you control the device without covering the display. With this strip, you can scroll, select, and change the volume. An optical heart-rate monitor is found on the back, and unlike some watches, it is flush with the back of the watch. Watch software The Ticwatch 2 is based on Android 5.1, with the custom Ticwear layer powering the user interface. When you first turn on the display, you are taken to the watch face. There are 35 watch faces to choose from on the smartphone app, with the ability to download more watch faces, too. I've been quite pleased with the available options. Some watch faces provide various status updates, but none of these areas of information can be tapped or are actionable. Swipe from left to right to launch the included voice control interface. Swipe from right to left to open the app launcher. Swipe down to view the status screen, and then scroll right to left to view the quick cards. You can also swipe up from the bottom of the watch face to view your notifications. Ticwatch 2 hands-on: in pictures SEE FULL GALLERY 1 - 5 of 11 NEXT PREV Apps installed on the Ticwatch 2 include a phone dialer, calendar, health, fitness, weather, stopwatch, music player, voice recorder, timer, alarm, and calculator. Settings can also be accessed from the app launcher, and there are plenty of options in there to customize your experience. The health app can be used to track your steps, remind you to stand regularly, and check your heart. You can view some details of your activity on the watch, but more info is visible on your connected smartphone. Use the fitness app to initiate a focused activity, including outdoor run, outdoor walk, indoor run, cycling, and free style weights. I used it for outdoor running with the GPS. Unfortunately, like we see on the Apple Watch and Gear S3, these smartwatches with GPS provide a very basic experience that doesn't even show you the GPS connection status when you start a run, so the beginning of your run is often not accurately tracked. The voice control system works fairly well -- with the option to use gestures or key word phrase "OK, Tico" to initiate the system. When you ask questions, it primarily brings up web search results, but it can also be used to make phone calls, check the weather, reply to messages, and more. Like other smartwatches, the Ticwatch 2 can be used to initiate or accept phone calls, so you can talk to people through the embedded mic and speaker. This provides for a very good hands-free experience, and the speaker sounds good. You can send text messages through the dialer app, with the text for the message being entered via voice transcription. Phone software The Ticwatch 2 works with both Android and iOS. Most all of the functionality is the same with both operating systems, but there are just a few limitations with iOS because of the way Apple locks down certain aspects of its operating system. These include the following: Third-party watch faces SMS reply with voice Third-party application quick cards The Ticwear smartphone app is primarily used to customize the settings on the Ticwatch 2. On an Android phone, you can optimize notifications, choose your watch face, select quick cards, view your activity data in the health center, add weather locations, select music to transfer to the Ticwatch 2, access your voice recordings, choose to sync your fitness data with Google Fit, Runkeeper, and Strava, and set up a link to your Uber account. There are fewer options on an iPhone, including notifications, watch faces, contacts, health data, and Uber. You can set up fitness sync to Apple Health within the Health app on your iPhone. The watch app also provides you with the Ticwatch 2 battery status and step count. There is a Mobvoi store that can be installed on your Android phone, but you first need to go into the settings on the watch and then initiate the store app download from the watch. The Android store app comes in the form of an .APK file, so you need to allow unknown sources to install the store app. The store primarily contains watch faces, so if you are satisfied with the available selection on the Ticwatch 2, then I wouldn't worry about installing the store app at this time. Competition The Apple Watch, Android Wear, and Samsung Tizen watches are the main competition for the Ticwatch 2. The Apple Watch is limited just to iOS devices, so if you are an Android user, then its not even an option. Android Wear watches now work with iOS and Android, similar to the Ticwatch 2. The Apple Watch Series 2 ranges in price from $369 up to more than $1,299. The Series 2 watches have integrated GPS and are water resistant, along with vibrant color displays. There has been a hiatus in the Android Wear world lately, with manufacturers looking toward 2017 and a new update to Android Wear. The best current Android Wear watch is the Polar M600, available for $329.95. Pebble is now out of the smartwatch game, so there is no reason to consider one of those devices. Thus, for $199, the Ticwatch 2 is the lowest-priced option to try out a wearable to see if you want to spend hundreds more for a smartphone companion. Daily usage experiences and conclusions The Ticwatch 2 charges wirelessly via the included proprietary charging cradle. You can but the Ticwatch 2 at Amazon in black or white for $199.99. You can also pay another $50 for a stainless steel model with a leather band or another $100 for a stainless steel black one with metal band. Mobvoi is an AI startup supported through investments from Google. I honestly did not know what to expect from the company and am very impressed by the capability and performance of the Ticwatch 2. The Ticwatch 2 is advertised to function for one to two days, depending on your usage and wireless connections. When I used the Ticwatch 2 for running with GPS enabled, heart-rate monitor tracking my heart rate, and music streaming to my headphones via Bluetooth, I found a battery consumption rate of about 1 percent discharge for each minute. Thus, I could use it for my typical 5- to 6-mile workout, but not for too much longer. When used as a smartwatch, and not for a dedicated fitness activity, I was able to easily go a full day. Since sleep tracking is not supported; simply place the Ticwatch 2 on the charger at night, and it should perform well for you. There is about a gigabyte of available space on the Ticwatch 2 for music storage, and you can only transfer music to the watch via an Android device. It took a long time to select songs and transfer them since it was carried out over a Bluetooth connection. The music player is very basic, but you can choose to listen to music over Bluetooth or the embedded speaker in the watch. The watch speaker isn't great for music, but if your headphones die, at least you can still enjoy some music. With GPS, a heart-rate monitor, IP65 dust and water resistance, and music support, the Ticwatch 2 is a good recreational runner watch available at a price less than other GPS sports watches with these capabilities. Overall, I was very pleased with the Ticwatch 2, and it's a great option for those looking for an affordable smartwatch. Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Mobility Asus ZenFone AR leaked ahead of CES with Google Tango, Daydream support Mobility Samsung to reveal Galaxy Note 7 probe findings this month: Report Smartphones Best Android smartphones for 2017 Mobility Samsung continues to add flagship specs to its Galaxy A line × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Beware of Following the Trends at Apple, Inc. iPhone sales declined last year and are on pace to show modest growth in the current fiscal year. Yet investors shouldn't overlook the possibility that sales will return to strong growth next year. Adam Levine-Weinberg (TMFGemHunter) Dec 18, 2016 at 12:10PM When trying to predict the future, most investors and Wall Street analysts like hard data. A forecast based on recent sales trends seems far more "scientific" than predictions based on rumored features of future products and guesses about what consumers really want. However, extrapolating from sales trends has been a lousy strategy for predicting Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) results. Indeed, sales of Apple's most important product, the iPhone, have been extremely volatile in recent years. The iPhone's past does not predict its future If there is one lesson that investors could learn from looking at iPhone sales trends over the past five years, it's that they don't follow any regular pattern. Fiscal Year iPhone Unit Sales Growth iPhone Revenue Growth 2012 73% 71% 2013 20% 16% 2014 13% 12% 2015 37% 52% 2016 (8%) (12%) Data source: Apple annual 10-K filings. Five years ago, the iPhone was still a relatively new product. At that time, the rising popularity of smartphones and the steady addition of new iPhone wireless carrier partners was driving explosive growth. For Apple's 2012 fiscal year, unit sales and revenue for the iPhone product line both surged more than 70%. iPhone sales growth cooled dramatically in the following two years. In fiscal 2014, iPhone unit sales rose just 13%, while revenue increased 12%. In a 2014 article for Quartz, Christopher Mims noted that "Apple has stopped growing." Mims claimed that new, larger-screened phones that were then rumored to be on the way "mean there's still potential for incremental growth in Apple's revenue. But that's it." He couldn't have been more wrong. In the following year -- Apple's fiscal 2015 -- iPhone unit sales growth accelerated to 37%. And thanks to higher prices for the new iPhone 6 Plus (and rising customer demand for higher-memory configurations), iPhone revenue surged 52%. The iPhone 6 drove incredible sales growth for Apple two years ago. Image source: Apple. In light of this strong momentum, most analysts expected further iPhone sales growth (albeit more subdued growth) in fiscal 2016. They were wrong again. Last year, iPhone unit sales slipped 8% year over year and revenue fell by double digits. Are analysts making the same mistake again? Wall Street analysts don't expect iPhone sales to continue sliding, but they aren't expecting much growth going forward, either. Not surprisingly, there is a wide range of estimates, but on average, Apple analysts expect mid-single-digit iPhone sales growth over the next two years. After overestimating Apple's potential iPhone sales for fiscal 2016, analysts may have swung too far in the other direction now. As Apple's performance a few years ago showed, last year's sharp slowdown in iPhone sales could still be followed by a return to strong growth in the future. Reasons for optimism about Apple's next-gen iPhone Most reviewers think that the iPhone 7 doesn't have any must-have features. Image source: Apple. Most reviewers agree that the iPhone 7 isn't a big upgrade over iPhone 6-series phones. There are new colors, Apple has bumped up the base storage to 32 GB, and the headphone jack is gone, but the exterior design and key components like the screen haven't changed much. Despite this relatively modest upgrade, iPhone sales seem to be on track to return to growth in the current 2017 fiscal year. The explosive growth of the iPhone user base over the last few years means that there are more iPhone owners looking to upgrade than ever before. This seems to have offset the lack of a "wow" factor for the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. Looking ahead, many industry observers expect Apple to release a "revolutionary" new iPhone design next year, to coincide with the iPhone's 10th anniversary. New features may include an all-glass casing with no bezels, wireless charging, and curved OLED screens. If these rumors prove to be accurate, iPhone sales could accelerate again as they did two years ago, due to upgrade demand shifting into fiscal 2018 from the adjacent years, along with an uptick in "Android-switching." Will iPhone sales grow 37% year over year again? Probably not, but a year-over-year growth rate of around 20% is entirely plausible. While a few analysts on Wall Street recognize this possibility, the vast majority have been scared away from making bold iPhone sales growth projections after Apple's disappointing fiscal 2016. However, the volatility of Apple's iPhone sales in the past few years shows that sales trends over the course of a year -- or even two -- offer very little guidance about what to expect in the future. Investors shouldn't ignore the past, but they shouldn't read too much into recent iPhone sales trends, either. Adam Levine-Weinberg is long January 2017 $85 calls on Apple and short January 2017 $110 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool is long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Adam Levine-Weinberg (TMFGemHunter) Adam Levine-Weinberg is a senior Industrials/Consumer Goods specialist with The Motley Fool. He is an avid stock-market watcher and a value investor at heart. He primarily covers airline, auto, retail, and tech stocks. Follow him on Twitter for the latest news and commentary on the airline industry! Follow @AdamLLW Article Info Dec 18, 2016 at 12:10PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $115.75 down $0.98 (-0.84%) Read More If You Doubt Apple, Inc.'s Interest in Cars, Think Again Apple, Inc. Had a Merry Christmas How Risky is Apple Inc. Stock? These 3 Tech Stocks Are Ridiculously Cheap What Ever Happened to Apple iBeacons? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current themotleyfool Beware of Following the Trends at Apple, Inc. #stocks $AAPL
Tech News Downloads Software Store Search for: BetaNews Hot Topics: Windows 10 Microsoft Apple Cloud Tablets Android Security Reviews Follow Us: Twitter Facebook Linked-in RSS iPhone should replace Chromebook in the classroom By Joe Wilcox Published 2 weeks ago 203 Comments Tweet Many educators won't agree, but perhaps students will: The PC, whether desktop or notebook, is obsolete in the classroom. This reality, if accepted for what it is, presents Apple opportunity to retake the K-12 market from Alphabet-subsidiary Google's incursion and sudden success with Chromebook among U.S. schools. If the fruit-logo company doesn't seize the moment, a competitor will—and almost certainly selling devices running Android. Chromebook's educational appeal is three-fold: low cost, manageability, and easy access to Google informational services. For buy-in price, and TCO, no Apple laptop or tablet running macOS or iOS, respectively, can compete. Think differently! Providing students any kind of computer is shortsighted, by narrowly presuming that schools, or their parents, must buy something. I suggest, in this time of budgetary constraints, that educators instead use what the kids already possess (or want to) and what they use easily and quickly: The smartphone. Think Differently The full-size keyboard and trackpad (or mouse) concept is outdated for a generation accustomed to tapping with thumbs (and a few fingers) on a screen that fits into a pocket. Think of the utility, and familiarity, to the students—and the opportunity, which I liken to going from a 2-dimensional perspective to a 3D one. The computer is flat, but the smartphone is spatial, because of how the apps, services, and relationships they present interconnect. Would smartphones be a distraction in the classroom? Of course. But I contend that they would break down many more barriers than they would create. These kids already are ultra-creative and connected across apps and services like Facebook, Instagram, Snapchat, or Tumblr, among many others that encourage interaction, collaboration, and mashing up content. Imagine if the creative energies already invested in the smartphone space could be even partially channeled to the classroom. To reiterate: This quality makes the smartphone spatial—3-dimensional—compared to Chromebooks running flat apps that are comparatively singular in utility. Same rationale applies to lower-cost Windows PCs. The app advantages and familiarity to students are potentially more expansive if allowed to be. Chatting, texting, and sharing are first nature to many young smartphone users. Apple's iOS—and likewise Google's Android—provides platform and supporting app ecosystem that encourages creative mashups and sharing. Consider the student who easily can capture and combine audio, photos, and video on a smartphone for a homework assignment—and do so much more easily than on a Chromebook. The apps and platform utility are there, and the computer in the kid's pocket is likely faster, as well as being more adaptable and productive. Who is going to learn more? The student pursuing personal interests or the one pursued by flat, curriculum computing? Learning Adventures Apple provides a robust stack of homegrown apps, such as Garage Band, iMovie, Keynote, Music Memos, Numbers, Pages, and Photos. The complete Google stack of cloud-services-supported apps also is available, which would ease the transition from Chromebook to iPhone. The creative (and revenue) opportunities for app developers could be a boon for learning. Imagine Niantic releasing an educational version of Pokemon Go that leads middle schoolers on learning adventures in controlled environs like the building's gymnasium. Why shouldn't gaming be educational and fun—or popular? Apple would need to develop educational controls, extended from their parental counterparts, for  iPhone. Imagine the supervisory advantages that managed location-servies could present, for example. Did Johnny skip school? The principal can find him. Is Jackie in the girl's room when she's supposed to be in the chem lab? The teacher knows. Is there a shooter scare? Administrators could locate students quickly during and following the crisis. The building's WiFi network would be used for accurate, pinpoint location. The educational controls could also separate home and school spaces. During the last decade, Nokia phones demarcated professional and personal home screens and apps. Apple should provide similar utility. Connected to the school's WiFi network and during the class day, students would be locked into the educational environ; they could choose which, otherwise. The 75-percent Solution Circling back to the nut graph, let's talk costs and acquisition. U.S. schools typically buy laptops—the majority of them Chromebooks in 2015-16, according to combined analyst data—for students; sixth graders upwards are often the biggest beneficiaries. Many of these same kids already own smartphones—a stunning three quarters of American teenagers, according to eMarketer and Pew. When narrowed to the total population of U.S. smartphone users (79 percent), 84 percent of 12 to 17 year-olds have the devices, eMarketer finds. Also: Forty-one percent of kids age 11 and younger. For additional perspective: Among U.S. Internet users, more 14-18 year-olds own smartphones (87 percent) than notebook (83 percent) or desktop (43 percent) PCs, according to eMarketer. Apple's problem: Not all kids will have smartphones and many may run Android. Nevertheless, there's a bumper crop to harvest. According to Piper Jaffray's "Taking Stock With Teens" twice-yearly report, which most recently released in mid-october: 74 percent of American teenage smartphone owners use an iPhone. Since one-quarter may use something else or nothing at all, there would need to be some kind of buy-in program coordinated with local school districts and Apple. Students should own the devices, and feel the responsibilities of ownership, rather than use, say, school-issued Chromebooks. Kids are more likely to take care of something that is theirs and also for which they contribute something. Meanwhile, parents and students with existing iPhones would need to be reassured and convinced that they would benefit by voluntarily opting into partial, school management of a device so personal. Purchasing a new device must be an option for those people with privacy or other concerns. Dollars and Sense  Problem: The company that once ungrammatically told people to "Think Different" needs to think differently. Perusing Apple's U.S. higher educational store, Macs and tablets are sold, but no iPhones. The comoany's U.S. Education Institution Hardware and Software Price List, current as of Nov. 9, 2016, also doesn't include iPhone—although cases are available aplenty! The point: iPhone for education isn't on Apple's radar, but it should be. The company offers several educational financing options which should make iPhones, if offered, affordable enough for many school districts. Granted, cost to own is higher than would be Chromebooks. Consider Chase County School District, in Imperial, NE, which in June 2016 approved purchase of 300 Chromebooks for $57,000—or about $190 each. The laptops will replace Apple computers. A year earlier, the school spent about $1,000 each for 65 new Macs. You do the math on which purchase reaches more students. In September 2016, Grayslake Community High School District, in Grayslake, Ill. started deploying Chromebooks, which students can buy on payments totaling $380. Based on my research, forced student purchasing is a typical scenario, with pricing between $300-$400. iPhones won't cost as little, but a larger number of students or parents might want them more than the Chrome OS laptops. Three quarters of teens say their next cellular handset will be an iPhone, according to Piper Jaffray. Desire must count for something. That's where financing can make the difference, particularly if students are offered a version of Apple's iPhone Upgrade Program. The consumer program lets someone pay $32.41 monthly for 32GB iPhone 7, including AppleCare+ repair warranty. Twelve months later, the leasee can trade in the device and get the newest available model. One-year, financed lease cost before tax would be $388.92. Surely Apple could offer lower-cost financing and/or leasing options to schools or their students, with the goal of regaining educational customers being more important than harvesting fat margins. Investing in kids' futures also invests in Apple's. I don't suggest that any of this will be easy. School districts will resist, as many did evaluating Chromebook and later piloting deployments. Fine details matter with respect to device management, educational apps, and logistical and legal boundaries between an institution and the student. But none these things is insurmountable, if my basic premise is sound: That an iPhone, or other smartphone, is a better learning/teaching tool than is Chromebook. Photo Credit: Shutterstock/Twin Design 203 Comments Tweet Got News? Contact Us Recent Headlines Netrunner Desktop 17.01 'Baryon' Debian 9 Stretch-based KDE Linux distro now available My favorite tech items of 2016 [Joe] System Ninja 3.1.6 adds Duplicate File Finder Dell unveils 27-inch Ultrathin monitor with super-slim profile How hybrid clouds and legacy apps will evolve in 2017 How to protect your company against a potential encryption backdoor policy Update side-loaded Android apps with APKUpdater Most Commented Stories Windows 10 enters 2017 not with a bang, but a whimper 452 Comments Leaked Windows 10 Creators Update Build 14997 reveals new features 118 Comments Microsoft finally lets users pause updates in Windows 10 111 Comments Unannounced ASUS C302CA-DHM4 Chromebook hits Newegg, and it looks great 88 Comments Behold the Windows 10 GSOD -- Green Screen of Death 52 Comments © 1998-2017 BetaNews, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy.
null
null
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Beware of Following the Trends at Apple, Inc. iPhone sales declined last year and are on pace to show modest growth in the current fiscal year. Yet investors shouldn't overlook the possibility that sales will return to strong growth next year. Adam Levine-Weinberg (TMFGemHunter) Dec 18, 2016 at 12:10PM When trying to predict the future, most investors and Wall Street analysts like hard data. A forecast based on recent sales trends seems far more "scientific" than predictions based on rumored features of future products and guesses about what consumers really want. However, extrapolating from sales trends has been a lousy strategy for predicting Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) results. Indeed, sales of Apple's most important product, the iPhone, have been extremely volatile in recent years. The iPhone's past does not predict its future If there is one lesson that investors could learn from looking at iPhone sales trends over the past five years, it's that they don't follow any regular pattern. Fiscal Year iPhone Unit Sales Growth iPhone Revenue Growth 2012 73% 71% 2013 20% 16% 2014 13% 12% 2015 37% 52% 2016 (8%) (12%) Data source: Apple annual 10-K filings. Five years ago, the iPhone was still a relatively new product. At that time, the rising popularity of smartphones and the steady addition of new iPhone wireless carrier partners was driving explosive growth. For Apple's 2012 fiscal year, unit sales and revenue for the iPhone product line both surged more than 70%. iPhone sales growth cooled dramatically in the following two years. In fiscal 2014, iPhone unit sales rose just 13%, while revenue increased 12%. In a 2014 article for Quartz, Christopher Mims noted that "Apple has stopped growing." Mims claimed that new, larger-screened phones that were then rumored to be on the way "mean there's still potential for incremental growth in Apple's revenue. But that's it." He couldn't have been more wrong. In the following year -- Apple's fiscal 2015 -- iPhone unit sales growth accelerated to 37%. And thanks to higher prices for the new iPhone 6 Plus (and rising customer demand for higher-memory configurations), iPhone revenue surged 52%. The iPhone 6 drove incredible sales growth for Apple two years ago. Image source: Apple. In light of this strong momentum, most analysts expected further iPhone sales growth (albeit more subdued growth) in fiscal 2016. They were wrong again. Last year, iPhone unit sales slipped 8% year over year and revenue fell by double digits. Are analysts making the same mistake again? Wall Street analysts don't expect iPhone sales to continue sliding, but they aren't expecting much growth going forward, either. Not surprisingly, there is a wide range of estimates, but on average, Apple analysts expect mid-single-digit iPhone sales growth over the next two years. After overestimating Apple's potential iPhone sales for fiscal 2016, analysts may have swung too far in the other direction now. As Apple's performance a few years ago showed, last year's sharp slowdown in iPhone sales could still be followed by a return to strong growth in the future. Reasons for optimism about Apple's next-gen iPhone Most reviewers think that the iPhone 7 doesn't have any must-have features. Image source: Apple. Most reviewers agree that the iPhone 7 isn't a big upgrade over iPhone 6-series phones. There are new colors, Apple has bumped up the base storage to 32 GB, and the headphone jack is gone, but the exterior design and key components like the screen haven't changed much. Despite this relatively modest upgrade, iPhone sales seem to be on track to return to growth in the current 2017 fiscal year. The explosive growth of the iPhone user base over the last few years means that there are more iPhone owners looking to upgrade than ever before. This seems to have offset the lack of a "wow" factor for the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. Looking ahead, many industry observers expect Apple to release a "revolutionary" new iPhone design next year, to coincide with the iPhone's 10th anniversary. New features may include an all-glass casing with no bezels, wireless charging, and curved OLED screens. If these rumors prove to be accurate, iPhone sales could accelerate again as they did two years ago, due to upgrade demand shifting into fiscal 2018 from the adjacent years, along with an uptick in "Android-switching." Will iPhone sales grow 37% year over year again? Probably not, but a year-over-year growth rate of around 20% is entirely plausible. While a few analysts on Wall Street recognize this possibility, the vast majority have been scared away from making bold iPhone sales growth projections after Apple's disappointing fiscal 2016. However, the volatility of Apple's iPhone sales in the past few years shows that sales trends over the course of a year -- or even two -- offer very little guidance about what to expect in the future. Investors shouldn't ignore the past, but they shouldn't read too much into recent iPhone sales trends, either. Adam Levine-Weinberg is long January 2017 $85 calls on Apple and short January 2017 $110 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool is long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Adam Levine-Weinberg (TMFGemHunter) Adam Levine-Weinberg is a senior Industrials/Consumer Goods specialist with The Motley Fool. He is an avid stock-market watcher and a value investor at heart. He primarily covers airline, auto, retail, and tech stocks. Follow him on Twitter for the latest news and commentary on the airline industry! Follow @AdamLLW Article Info Dec 18, 2016 at 12:10PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $115.75 down $0.98 (-0.84%) Read More If You Doubt Apple, Inc.'s Interest in Cars, Think Again Apple, Inc. Had a Merry Christmas How Risky is Apple Inc. Stock? These 3 Tech Stocks Are Ridiculously Cheap What Ever Happened to Apple iBeacons? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current themotleyfool Beware of Following the Trends at Apple, Inc. #stocks $AAPL
Premium News Sport Business Money Opinion Obituaries Travel Tech & Science Culture Film TV Lifestyle Fashion Luxury Cars Video Christmas Free Mobile App Jobs Financial Services Rewards Events Dating Offers Shop Garden Shop Bookshop Box Office Puzzles Fantasy Football Wine Shop Work at The Telegraph Log out My Account Subscribe Rewards Video Login Register Subscribe Rewards Video Log out Rewards My Account Video Home News Sport Business ALL SECTIONS Money Work and salary Telegraph Money Work and salary News Could you get a job at Apple? It depends on your answers to these 25 questions The dreaded interview... Adam Boult 17 December 2016 • 9:55am Many people would love to work at Apple, considered to be one of the most forward-thinking and innovative tech companies in the world today. However, would you be able to get through an Apple job interview?  People who've applied for jobs with the firm - successfully and unsuccessfully - have been sharing some of the questions they were asked during their interviews on the website Glassdoor. Here's a selection of them - how would you cope with being asked these? "Who would you most like to share a coffee with and why?" "Who is your role model and why?" "Are you creative? What's something creative that you can think of?" "How would you describe yourself?" "There are three boxes, one contains only apples, one contains only oranges, and one contains both apples and oranges. The boxes have been incorrectly labeled such that no label identifies the actual contents of the box it labels. Opening just one box, and without looking in the box, you take out one piece of fruit. By looking at the fruit, how can you immediately label all of the boxes correctly?" "What would you say to a customer who says they don't like Apple?" "Tell me about a time when you got something you didn't think you deserved." "What is the most embarrassing song you have on your phone?" “If you have 2 eggs, and you want to figure out what’s the highest floor from which you can drop the egg without breaking it, how would you do it? What’s the optimal solution?” "Name one moment in your life that defined you and why?" "What's your biggest weakness and why?" “If you’re given a jar with a mix of fair and unfair coins, and you pull one out and flip it 3 times, and get the specific sequence heads heads tails, what are the chances that you pulled out a fair or an unfair coin?” "Name a person that you would trust to make life decisions for you." "What would you say to your future self and past self now." "Who is your favourite leader?" “You have a 100 coins laying flat on a table, each with a head side and a tail side. 10 of them are heads up, 90 are tails up. You can’t feel, see or in any other way find out which side is up. Split the coins into two piles such that there are the same number of heads in each pile.” "How many children are born every day?" "Are you smart?" “You put a glass of water on a record turntable and begin slowly increasing the speed. What happens first — does the glass slide off, tip over, or does the water splash out?” “What would you want to do 5 years from now?” "How would you test a toaster?" "If you had to float an iPhone in mid-air, how would you do it?" "Explain a situation when you gave the wrong advice. What were the consequences? What did you learn from this?"   Watch | Interview howlers: The worst candidates at interview 01:56 Jobs | The top 20 places to interview in the UK   Follow The Telegraph READ MORE ABOUT: Apple Show more Money latest 02 Jan 2017, 11:01pm Chinese investment into Manchester property powers up 02 Jan 2017, 7:02am Five steps to pension perfection in 2017 02:00 02 Jan 2017, 6:00am Things to consider when applying for a student loan 01 Jan 2017, 7:21am 'Where is my £200 handbag lost on eBay? 01 Jan 2017, 7:11am 'Why did RAC put us through a nightmare to get our car repaired?' 01 Jan 2017, 7:03am Richard Whitmore: 'I made £600k on my home. You can't lose with property' Premium 01 Jan 2017, 6:00am 'No one else was crazy enough to take this property on': The brothers who turned an iconic Welsh manor into a modern masterpiece Gallery 31 Dec 2016, 12:57pm Gallery: Homes with the most spectacular views of New Year's Eve fireworks around the world 31 Dec 2016, 7:23am Andy Murray's Ferrari and the BBC iPlayer loophole: The top 10 money stories of 2016 31 Dec 2016, 7:04am From Uber to plumbers: here are the New Year's Eve ripoffs to avoid 31 Dec 2016, 6:00am Healthy homes to help you keep your fitness-related New Year's resolutions 30 Dec 2016, 7:00pm Comment: Thanks goodness for capitalism: I can now exchange my gift certificates Lucy Mangan Premium 30 Dec 2016, 11:38am Help to buy scheme ends tomorrow: these are the top deals for buyers with 5pc deposits 30 Dec 2016, 10:24am Bagging a property bargain, swapping pensions for cash and splitting wealth on divorce: how our experts solved readers' money dilemmas in 2016 Premium 30 Dec 2016, 8:32am How your pension savings will change in 2017 Premium 30 Dec 2016, 8:17am Best interest-free deals: our favourite balance transfer cards for shifting debt in the new year 30 Dec 2016, 6:00am The most sociable streets in London Premium 29 Dec 2016, 3:57pm Personal loans are now cheaper than mortgages as Sainsbury's cuts rate to 2.8pc  29 Dec 2016, 2:52pm Your 2017 bank resolution: switch accounts and earn £200 29 Dec 2016, 1:58pm Higher train fares in 2017: four tips to cut the cost of your commute 29 Dec 2016, 7:11am What will next year's 'Brexit moments' be? The key dates for investors in 2017 If you would like to add a comment, please register or log in Register Log in Contact us Rewards Archive Reader Prints Advertising Syndication Guidelines Privacy Terms and Conditions Leave your feedback © Telegraph Media Group Limited 2016 Your support makes a big difference In order to bring you award-winning content and investigative journalism from your favourite writers, we rely on revenue generated by advertising. Please consider supporting us by turning off your ad blocker. Just a couple of clicks will make a big difference. Thank you. Need help? Click here for instructions Close
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish Apple AirPods In-Store Availability Possible From December 19th By Adnan Farooqui on 12/18/2016 10:00 PST Apple introduced the wireless AirPods earbuds with the iPhone 7 in September this year. While the earbuds were supposed to be released within a few weeks of being announced, the company had to delay the release multiple times due to purported technical issues. Apple finally started selling the AirPods online last week but you still can’t walk into one of its stores and pick one up. That might be possible come December 19th. According to a new report, Apple is going to announce in-store availability of AirPods on Monday, December 19th. If that’s the case, it would mean that AirPods will become available for purchase in the company’s retail stores two days before online orders starting showing up at customers’ doors. The report adds that aside from Apple’s own brick-and-mortar stores, AirPods are also going to be available from carrier stores and Apple Authorized Resellers starting Monday, December 19th. Supplies are likely to be constrained and it’s unclear how many units will be assigned per store. When Apple started selling AirPods online on December 13th, the initial supply sold out very quickly. Shipping times have now been pushed back to over a month. All the more reason to head over to an Apple Store bright and early if the company does start selling the AirPods in its stores tomorrow. They’re likely to sell out soon. Filed in Apple. Read more about AirPods. Related Articles 2016-12-30 AirPods Maker To Expand Production To Meet Demand 2016-12-28 Some AirPods Charging Cases Are Experiencing Battery Drain 2016-12-28 Apple’s CEO Calls AirPods A ‘Runaway Success’ 2016-12-21 Fear Losing Your AirPods? This Guy Has It All Figured Out 2016-12-21 AirPods Teardown Reveals Potential Reason Why It Was Delayed LG ProBeam Home Cinema Projector Unveiled Capcom To Release Mega Man 1-6 On Mobile January, 2017 Apple To Charge For AirPods Battery Service Even Under Warranty Tesla’s Emergency Braking System Prevented A Serious Accident Original Unopened First-Gen iPod Spotted On eBay For $200,000 Tesla To Take Action Against Drivers Who Park Cars At Superchargers Google Is Apparently Moving Away From Fully Autonomous Cars Panasonic Takes Grocery Self-Checkouts To The Next Level User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
Follow Geek Tech Movies Games Television Comics Culture Deals Tesla’s Latest Autopilot May Avoid Highway Collisions Better Than Humans Technology Allows Amazon to Protect Its Drones From Your Guns Twitter Might Allow You to Edit Your Tweets in 2017 Geek deals: Dell Inspiron 15 5000 15.6-inch laptop for $549 More MovieBob Reviews: SILENCE (2016) Ryan Gosling to Star in Neil Armstrong Biopic What to Look Forward to in Entertainment in 2017 MovieBob Review: HIDDEN FIGURES More Blizzard Celebrates 20th Anniversary of Diablo With Cross-Franchise Events Windows 10 “Game Mode” Will Boost Performance of PC Games Players Honor Carrie Fisher in Star Wars Video Games You Can’t Remove the Battery From the Nintendo Switch More The 10 Best New TV Shows of 2016 Carrie Fisher, Debbie Reynolds HBO Documentary Set to Air in January Now Adventure Time Creator’s Next Project Could Be a Castlevania Cartoon 13 Things That Will Probably Make 2017 Suck Less More Trillions of Tribbles Tribute Art Aubrey Sitterson Talks G.I. Joe, Transformers, and Everything in Between Buy This Comic: Love Is Love #1 The Secret History of G.I. Joe and Transformers More What I'm Looking Forward to in 2017 There's a Total Solar Eclipse on the Way in 2017 Beware, 2016 Will Last One Second Longer The Current, Canonical Star Wars Timeline More Tech Apple Will Charge You $69 To Replace That Lost Airpod By Lee Mathews 12.18.2016 :: 11:30AM EST Stay on target Courage: Apple’s AirPods Are Still Without a Release Date After accepting $3 billion from Apple, Beats co-founder says EarPods are... It took a little longer than expected for Apple’s first wireless earbuds to arrive. Now that you can buy a pair of Airpods, you might want to know what it’ll cost if you lose one of the little buggers. The price actually seems quite reasonable. Apple will charge you $69 for a replacement, which, given that their retail price on the full package is $159 isn’t all that bad. If you happen to lose all three major components at different times, you’re going to pay a bit extra. The special charging case will run you another $69, so if you don’t learn your lesson after the misplacing that first Airpod you’ll be out a total of $207. If you’re anticipating that kind of misfortune, you might want to just buy an extra pair now and save yourself almost fifty bucks. Or, you know, commit to taking care of the tiny, incredibly lose-able wireless ‘phones you just bought yourself to use with your headphone jack-less new iPhone. Apple does try to warn you when an Airpod goes rogue — while you’re listening to your tunes with them, anyway. Should one fall out of your ear, playback will stop.  As Engadget notes, that functionality isn’t there strictly to alert you: Apple also designed them that way to make it easier to listen to someone speaking to you when you pull one out. But hey, any feature that helps you avoid spending $69 unnecessarily is cool, whether that’s the primary purpose or not. And before anyone else posts something like this on Apple’s support forums: no, “find my Airpod” is not a thing. Not yet, anyway. Share Facebook Twitter Linkedin Pinterest Reddit AirPods Apple earbuds headphones iphone Speak Your Mind More in Tech 12.30.2016 :: 3:45PM EST :: Brittany Vincent Tech Tesla’s Latest Autopilot May Avoid Highway Collisions Better Than Humans Tech 12.30.2016 :: 1:30PM EST :: Carli Velocci Tech Technology Allows Amazon to Protect Its Drones From Your Guns Tech 12.30.2016 :: 11:37AM EST :: Brittany Vincent Tech Twitter Might Allow You to Edit Your Tweets in 2017 Tech 12.30.2016 :: 8:00AM EST :: Grant Brunner Tech Geek deals: Dell Inspiron 15 5000 15.6-inch laptop for $549 Tech 12.29.2016 :: 8:30AM EST :: Brittany Vincent Tech You Can Use This Operating System and USB Drive to Revive Derelict Laptop Tech More subscribe to our newsletter: Subscribing to a newsletter indicates your consent to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. The 10 Best New TV Shows of 2016 Television 01.02.2017 :: 1:00PM EST Geek deals: Vader's dark side empirical stout t-shirt for $18 Deals 12.30.2016 :: 3:45PM EST Tesla’s Latest Autopilot May Avoid Highway Collisions Better Than Humans Tech 12.30.2016 :: 1:30PM EST Technology Allows Amazon to Protect Its Drones From Your Guns Tech More © 1996-2016 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group Privacy Policy Terms of Use About Contact Archives Glossary Advertise PCMag.com Extreme Tech Computer Shopper IGN Toolbox Accessibility Statement unused
Press Esc to close Tuesday 03 January 2017 News updated at 8:35 AM IST Archives Weather Max: 27.7°C Min : 14.6°C In Bengaluru Sunny day  Home   News   District   City   Point Blank - Bengaluru   State   National   International   New Delhi   Metrolife   Metro   Region   Business   Business Matters   DH Wheels   Supplements   Sunday   Sportscene   Sunday Herald   Travel   Articulations   Books   Art & Culture   Entertainment   Monday   Cyber Space   Family Finance   Economy & Business   Art Review   Metrolife   Tuesday   Spectrum   Science & Technology   Environment   Metrolife   Wednesday   Metrolife   Thursday   Metrolife   DH Education   Friday   Homes & Interiors   Metrolife   Saturday   Movie Review   She   Living   Metrolife   Sports   Entertainment   Videos   Opinion   Edits   First Edit   Second Edit   Main Article   In Perspective   Net mail   Right in the Middle   Columns   Oasis   Analysis   Panorama   Special Features   Sunday Spotlight   ePaper    Man who hacked Kareena's IT e-filing account arrested      At least 60 inmates killed in prison riot in northern Brazil      SP's war moves to Delhi; Mulayam approaches EC for symbol      Russia delivers advanced Sukhoi jets to China after 2-yr delay      NRIs, Indians returning home to show old notes to Customs      Service charge by hotels/restaurants not mandatory: Govt      Don't vote on caste lines,rivals busy saving blackmoney,kin: PM Modi      Women molested on New Year eve, HM Parameshwara blames 'western ways'      'He announced several UPA-era schemes', Sena mocks PM address      Outgoing CJI questions Centre over transfer of HC judges      Indian cricket will do well under retired judges: Thakur      LS deputy speaker Thambidurai appeals to Sasikala to become CM      IS claims nightclub carnage as Turkey hunts attacker      Will implement Lodha Reforms right away: Ganga Raju      India successfully test fires Agni-IV ballastic missile      I am fine with it, says Shirke on sacking after SC order      Beleaguered BCCI top honchos accept SC verdict      Cannot seek votes in name of religion, caste: SC      Delhi Police Head Constable shoots self at Supreme Court      Fight over SP's cycle symbol; ball in EC's court      Sensex trips on 1st trading day of 2017, logs loss     Next Story Seamless shopping in future Read more >> You are here: Home » Supplements » Cyber Space » Technology failures and hits of 2016 Technology failures and hits of 2016 Brian X Chen, Dec 19, 2016, INYT If you love technology, it may be time for a group hug: This year has been rough for consumer technology. From exploding smartphones and hoverboards to the proliferation of fake news on social media, many of our tech hardware, software and web products suffered embarrassing failures. Behemoths like Google, Facebook and Samsung Electronics were on the firing line as a result. Yet the year was not entirely bleak. There were major strides in several areas of consumer tech, including Wi-Fi, virtual reality and encryption. What follows is a year in review on the tech that needed the most fixing, and the tech that was actually fixed in 2016. Tech that needed fixing Batteries Lithium ion has been the go-to technology for batteries powering consumer electronics for decades. But faulty lithium-ion battery cells were blamed for two high-profile product safety hazards this year: exploding hoverboards and Samsung Galaxy Note smartphones. The defects led schools to ban the use of hoverboards on campus and Samsung to recall more than 2.5 million Note 7 smartphones. Lithium ion has stuck around for so long because it is cheap and easy to reproduce. Yet this year’s explosive episodes — combined with the persistent complaint that smartphone batteries don’t last very long — raise questions about whether the industry should shift toward advanced battery technologies that have been in development for years. Samsung’s safety record Samsung’s safety record took a black eye from more than just those combustible cellphones. The company also recalled 2.8 million defective washing machines in the United States that were prone to abnormal vibrations that could cause injury. In addition, Samsung’s Galaxy Note recall was so poorly handled that the company had to issue a second recall, then kill the product, after it failed to diagnose and fix the problem both times. The two major product defects made one thing clear: The tech giant needs to fix its quality assurance protocols to ensure that consumer safety is a priority — and not just crank out big, bright screens on phones or fast spin cycles on washers. Fake news and abuse on social media During the presidential campaign, Facebook, Twitter and Google faced mounting criticism for letting fake news propagate on their platforms, potentially influencing Americans to cast their votes based on misinformation. Twitter was also separately criticised for its taciturn approach to dealing with abusive tweets, including racist attacks and threats of violence. All the internet companies took steps toward combating fake news and hateful speech. But the polarized election underscored the costs of internet freedom: When the web resembles the Wild, Wild West, the consequences can be dire. Virtual assistants Google put artificial intelligence in the spotlight this year when it introduced Home, a smart speaker that is its response to Amazon’s Echo; Allo, a messaging service that leverages AI; and Pixel, a smartphone that heavily relies on a virtual assistant. Despite all the hype, all virtual assistants, including Google’s Assistant, Apple’s Siri and Amazon’s Alexa, continued to be subpar this year. In rigorous testing, they all failed at obvious tasks — for example, Alexa initially couldn’t say who was playing in the Super Bowl (even though she was featured in a Super Bowl commercial), Google Assistant couldn’t book a dinner table or order delivery food, and Siri was unreliable at giving map directions. Virtual assistants are poised to get smarter as we use them more. But consumers shouldn’t let virtual assistants be a major factor in what they buy just yet, because the assistants are all pretty dumb. Tech that was fixed Wi-Fi On the bright side, a ubiquitous technology that has been the source of much consumer anguish saw great improvement over the last year: Wi-Fi. Newer, well-reviewed routers, like products from TP-Link, Asus and Netgear, feature smarter and faster wireless technologies that do a better job of assembling signals and beam energy more accurately at mobile devices. In addition, Google and the startup Eero made Wi-Fi networks easier to set up for those with little technical know-how. With Eero’s Wi-Fi system and Google Wifi, the companies introduced well-designed apps that help people set up multiple Wi-Fi stations in the home. The multiple access points create a so-called mesh network that enables mobile devices to seamlessly switch to the strongest Wi-Fi signal as consumers move around their homes with smartphones, laptops and tablets. Virtual reality Virtual reality still has a long way to go before it becomes mainstream. The devices released this year by HTC, Facebook’s Oculus, Sony PlayStation and Google largely revolve around gaming, limiting their audience. In addition, most of the devices are expensive. But the technology has made significant strides. It works smoothly, and the experiences are immersive and stunning. Apps released this year — like Tilt Brush, a 3-D painting tool for HTC’s Vive, or SuperHyberCube, which is like Tetris with a virtual-reality twist for PlayStation VR — demonstrated virtual reality’s tremendous potential. Encryption Tensions between tech companies and the government reached a fever pitch during Apple’s face-off with the FBI early this year over privacy and security. The FBI had demanded that Apple weaken its iPhone encryption so that it could gain access to the contents of a phone belonging to a gunman in the San Bernardino, California, mass shooting. Apple refused, arguing that weakening its software system for a single investigation would create vulnerabilities that might put all customers at risk. The FBI eventually withdrew its demand after figuring out how to break into the iPhone without Apple’s help. Amid Apple’s feud with the FBI, many big tech companies expanded encryption in their products. Facebook, WhatsApp and Google put the encryption protocol from Signal, a widely lauded secure messaging service, in their messaging services. Though none of the encrypted messaging services are perfect, this year marked significant progress toward offering tools that strengthened consumer privacy. Streaming live video Mobile video broadcasting was once a novelty because live streams had a tendency to be spotty, unreliable and impractical to produce. But in the last year, Twitter’s Periscope and Facebook Live have made mobile live video streams simple to shoot and extremely popular. Periscope reported that as of March, 110 years’ worth of live video was consumed daily on its mobile apps, up from 40 years’ worth a day last year. Facebook said videos are viewed 8 billion times a day on the social network, up from 1 billion a year ago, and live videos get 10 times as many comments as other videos. The popularity of live video streaming is making online video a prominent medium. Just scroll down your Facebook News Feed and witness how often people are posting videos instead of photos and text. Video has become unavoidable.   Tweet Go to Top Videos Mulayam Singh avoids question on rift in... Bengaluru rings in New Year in style... SC sacks Anurag Thakur as BCCI President... Film producer Abis Rizvi killed in Istanbul... Subscribe - Deccan Herald's YouTube channel more videos Most popular stories now Commented Emailed Viewed 1.Such incidents do happen: Parameshwara on Bengaluru molestation charge 2.PM should apologise to nation after end of 50-day period: Cong 3.CM Siddaramaiah fuels job quota debate, pleads for reservation in pvt sector 4.Face punishment for note ban woes, AAP tells Modi 5.Former TN chief secretary slams centre for raids 1.NRIs, Indians returning home to show old notes to Customs 2.Manual khatas not valid for property registration: minister 3.Retail trends to watch out for in 2017 4.Equip yourself with skills for tomorrow 5.Diners can refuse to pay service charge 1. Women molested on New Year eve, HM Parameshwara blames 'western ways' 2. Kaif trolled for doing 'Surya Namskar', answers back critics 3. Beleaguered BCCI top honchos accept SC verdict 4. NRIs, Indians returning home to show old notes to Customs 5. Cannot seek votes in name of religion, caste: SC Photo Gallery Vehicles move amidst a thick blanket of fog in Bhopal on Monday... Tourists click selfies amid fresh snowfall in Kufri near Shimla on Monday... Chief of the Air Staff, Air Chief Marshal BS Dhanoa arrives to pay homage at Amar Jawan Jyoti... Shuttler PV Sindhu and coach P Gopichand walk the ramp during the Opening Ceremony of the... People enjoy boating on the Narmada river on the first day of new year 2017 in Jabalpur on... Tibetan spiritual leader the Dalai Lama with high monks and devotees on the first day of... A Sikh devotee blows fire during the Nagar Kirtan (Procession) to celebrate 350th birth... Sikh devotees perform marshal arts during the Nagar Kirtan (Procession) to celebrate 350th birth... , J&K: A man tries to climb huge icicles at Kokarnag in Anantnag District of South Kashmir on... BJP supporters at the party's Parivartan Rally in Lucknow on Monday... more Like us on Facebook About Us | News | Business | Sports | Supplements | Contact Us | Subscribe | Privacy Policy Copyright 2014, The Printers (Mysore) Private Ltd., 75, M.G Road, Post Box 5331, Bengaluru - 560001 Tel: +91 (80) 25880000 Fax No. +91 (80) 25880523
null
IE Home Nation World Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos E-Paper Apps RSS Gadgets Review Photos Videos Mobile & Tabs Science Indian Express Home Home Technology Gadgets Apple starts shipping AirPods to customers Apple starts shipping AirPods to customers Customers received a word that their orders had been shipped and were scheduled to arrive as promised on December 21. By: IANS | New York | Updated: December 18, 2016 5:32 pm Apple starts shipping airpods to customers. Apple customers, who pre-ordered the tech giant’s wireless earphones AirPods, have started receiving a pair of the product after the sales went live recently, a media report said. Customers received a word that their orders had been shipped and were scheduled to arrive as promised on December 21, a report on AppleInsider said. Apple announced its first branded wireless headphones with iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus in September 2016 and the product went up for sale on December 13. AirPods are priced at Rs 15,400 in India. According to the report, AirPods were regarded as a highly anticipated item and the initial supply was quickly depleted, pushing back shipment estimates to four weeks mere hours after release. Also Read: Apple AirPods shipments delayed, could launch only in January 2017: Reports Alongside pre-order shipments, AirPods are rumoured to land in Apple retail stores, as well as mobile carrier outlets and authorised Apple resellers by as early as next week. AirPods are automatically on and always connected. They can sense when they are in ears and pause when taken out. They are driven by the custom-designed Apple W1 chip for efficient wireless connection and improved sound. The W1 chip manages battery life which lets the product deliver five hours of listening time on a single charge. Also Read: Apple’s new AirPods are fancy, but buying them could be a risky business Just 15 minutes of charging can give three hours of listening time. To check the battery, user can hold the AirPods next to an iPhone or ask Siri “How’s the battery on my AirPods?” Tags: Airpods Apple Best of Express PM Modi frames UP fight: Growth exiled for 14 yrs, give us majority EntertainmentDangal box office collection day 11: Aamir Khan film all set to take over Sultan as biggest hit of 2016 EntertainmentRaees: Dear Shah Rukh Khan, why are you so 'Zaalim' on us? EntertainmentBollywood shocked at Abis Rizvi's death in Istanbul terror attack EntertainmentAkshay Kumar's calender break-up of his films will leave you amazed Must Read SportsSC sacks BCCI chief, secy; Anurag says ‘all the best’ SportsBCCI's top two down; cricket’s non-playing XI panics Sports'Let the new administrators amend the constitution' TechnologySamsung Galaxy A7, Galaxy A5, Galaxy A3 (2017) launched ahead of CES 2017 TechnologyBHIM app duplicates are all over Google Play Store: Here's how to avoid TechnologyWhatsApp stops working in older iPhones, Android handsets Lifestyle9th edition of India Art Fair to start February 2 Jan 03: Latest News Novak Djokovic advances at Qatar Open after slow start Asia stocks see subdued start to 2017, dollar resumes climb Huge wildfire destroys homes in Chile tourist city Oil prices rise as markets eye OPEC No North Korea missile will be capable of reaching US: Donald Trump                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « Apple's Water Resistant iPhone 7 caught the Hot European Trend that accounts for 45% of all Smartphone Sales | Main | Apple's EU Tax Appeal this Week will take a Combative Stance stating that they were a 'Convenient Target' » December 18, 2016 Apple's is Entering Indonesia in 2017, one of the Top Emerging Markets with a Massive Growing Middle Class   On Friday Patently Apple posted a report titled "Apple to Begin iPhone Sales in the Republic of Indonesia in 2017," wherein we noted that Samsung's 26% market share in Indonesia would be challenged by Apple next year. Then later on Friday a new report by IDC was published which indicated that Samsung's market share had actually climbed to 32% in Q3 with Oppo quickly gaining ground with 16.7% market share as noted below.   It's the Middle Class Stupid   In May of this year Patently Apple posted a report titled "As India's Middle Class Grows, Apple's Brand is Gaining Traction in a Country Swimming in Cheap Phones." I noted in the report that at present, the middle class in India is only about 22% - so there's a lot of growth in the middle class. It's the middle class that like to own brand names and so as their middle class grows, Apple will do better.   Days earlier Tim Cook told Jim Cramer in an interview that "the expansion of middle class occurring in China is unlike anything that has ever occurred in the history of the world, thus he remains optimistic in that region."   This is the key to Apple moving into any new market. If the middle class is on the rise, Apple will make the investment to enter that particular market.   So where is Indonesia's middle class within the top emerging markets? As noted below Indonesia ranks third behind China and India but ahead of the Philippines and Nigeria.     According to a major report published last year, Indonesia has the world's fourth largest middle class with 17.3 million households as of 2014, behind the USA at 25.3 million, India at 74 million, and China at 112 million. The report further forcasted that Indonesia's middle class would rapidly grow to 20 million by 2030.   At present, the current smartphone players in the top five chart are seemingly focused on the lower to mid-end of the market with prices in the $250-$300 and the $100-$200 tiers, none of which Apple participates in. Smartphones like the Samsung Galaxy J7 ($230), Oppo F1s ($235) and the ASUS Zenphone Selfie ($315 aprox) are the hot sellers. All three of these smartphones offer a 5.5" 1080p display at prices lower than Apple's entry 4" iPhone SE which starts at $400 with half the storage.    Whether Apple will sit and cherry pick the very high end of the market or decide to aim a little lower at the beginning when they enter these emerging markets to build good will and strengthen their brand is unknown at this time.   One thing to keep in mind is that the median income in the US is $31,000, $29,500 in Canada, with the UK at $21,000 and Russia at $11,000. By 2030 both India and Indonesia will have their median income climb to $11,300 up from $6,300 in 2014.   So even though Indonesia will have a huge middle class by 2030 that will be in that nice sweet spot for Apple's higher end models, Apple is entering this market next year and may need to deliver a smartphone that's a little more competitive than it is today to make their mark. Will Apple try to close the price and feature gap in their 2017 smartphone line-up? Only time will tell.   About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.     Posted by Jack Purcher on December 18, 2016 at 01:18 PM in 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports | Permalink Comments The comments to this entry are closed. Search Recent Posts Note7 Probe Results due this Month While Samsung Admits that Growth will lag in 2017 Due to Tough Competition Apple's Chief Israeli Officer Appointed to Run the Israeli Government's 'Innovation Authority' Apple Partnered with Photographers to Capture New Year's Celebrations from around the World on iPhone 7 Apple's Normal Order Management after Christmas seems to have Falsely Alarmed Seasoned News Sites Foxconn Reaching Full Robotic Production Automation for All-in-One PC's and Advancing to other Products every Year Production of Apple's AirPods goes into High Gear in Multiple Shanghai Plants to Meet Consumer Demand Family Sues Apple for not using a patented iOS Feature Designed to shut Off Certain Apps while Driving In Apple's Wearable Device Universe you'll one day wear a Mini iPhone, iPod or Medical Device on your Wrist Apple Advances the Concept of the Apple Watch's Digital Crown Coming to all iDevices eventually Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports 6. Patently Xtra News 7. Snap News 8. Apple-IBM MobileFirst 9. Apple Events & Financial Related Accessories Apple & Market Statistics Apple - Macs Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple iTunes / Apple Music Apple Pay, iWallet, NFC Related Apple Pencil - Smart Pen Apple Store Apple Watch + Other Wearables AppleTV Related Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible, Foldable Facial Recognition & 3D Related Future Interfaces Green Technology Haptics & Tactile iBeacon News + Inductive, Wireless Charging Liquid Metal Location Related, Indoor Mapping Maps Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Reports Projection Related Security Related Smart Bezels + Social Networking Software + OS Solar Energy Sports Related Travel Related Vehicle Related Videos Videos (Reports with) See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
TechRadar The source for Tech Buying Advice Search RSS Reviews How To Phones TVs Laptops Deals Photography More Car Tech Wearables Tablets Components Audiovisual Gaming Computing Downloads News Pro Trending Buying Guides iPhone 8 Nintendo Switch Samsung Galaxy S8 MacBook Pro CES 2017 iOS 10.2 News This Chinese phone looks like a brilliantly curved iPhone 8 concept This Chinese phone looks like a brilliantly curved iPhone 8 concept By Matt Swider Mobile phones   Huawei's Honor Magic beats Apple to market by almost a year Shares We haven't seen any plausible iPhone 8 photo leaks just yet, but Apple's long-rumored curved design could end up looking like this brand new phone out of China. The Honor Magic is the latest Android smartphone from the Huawei brand, and its curved 5.09-inch screen helps it stand out even more than the shiny Honor 8. It's a real head-turner thanks to its noticeably curved AMOLED display on the right and left sides, reminiscent of the Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge. To literally top it off, the top of the Honor Magic also appears to bend inward. This is a a lot like the distinct 2.5D glass on the LG G5. Honor's 'Magic' revealed There's a bit more to the Honor Magic than its 3D-glass good looks that are ripe for Apple's picking. We now have full specs and software details. It has the familiar Hisilicon Kirin 950 chipset, boasting an octacore processor, 4GB of RAM and 64GB or internal storage, according to the Honor website. We found all of these identical specs to be speedy enough in our Honor 8 review, but what's dramatically different are the onboard sensors. Honor Magic will automatically unlock when you look at the screen (face detect, seen it), but it'll also turn off when you look away.  Going one step further, its FaceCode detection will only display lockscreen notification details to pre-registered faces. No more potential awkwardness. Huawei promises more intelligent software features like this, and it also touts fast charging: 40% in just 10 minutes (great) and 70% in just 20 minutes (astounding) via its proprietary speed charging technology (meh). Ripe for Apple's picking? Honor Magic isn't coming to the US, UK and Australia, at least not yet. But we could see this smartphone design from the iPhone 8 for several reasons. Apple is said to be working on a curved iPhone for 2017, the 10th anniversary of its groundbreaking touchscreen handset. And it's ready for a fresh new look. What's more is that Apple has taken a liking to completely rounded off edges (see the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus) on its most recent smartphone designs, save for the boxy iPhone SE. Just don't expect that headphone jack – ever The the top, left and right curves on the Honor Magic demonstrate that exact look. It doesn't hurt that Huawei's software looks like iOS 10.2 re-imagined and the name uses a version Apple's absolute favorite work: "magical." There's no Honor Magic release date just yet for the West, but we'll keep you updated if that changes and, of course, give you the latest Apple's iPhone 8 news at the same time. How to download Super Mario Run right now Tags iPhone ABOUT THE AUTHOR Matt Swider Matt Swider is TechRadar's gadget-savvy, globe-trotting mobile editor in Los Angeles. As an expert in iOS and Android, he owns over 120 phones that someone keeps setting the alarms on – simultaneously. He received his journalism degree from Penn State University and is never seen without his TechRadar headphones. Related news Microsoft’s LinkedIn acquisition hit by subsidiary’s data breach The tech Santa would have on his wishlist The best VPN services and VPN deals of 2016/2017 Talking turkey: the tech you need to save your Christmas See more Mobile phones news Load Comments Tech deals, prizes and latest news Get the best tech deals, reviews, product advice, competitions, unmissable tech news and more! No spam, we promise. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission. Most Popular Most Shared 1 CES 2017: What to expect at the massive Las Vegas tech show 2 Best Apple Watch apps for your smartwatch in 2016 3 Samsung Galaxy S8: release date and everything you should know 4 The 10 best 4K TVs of 2016 5 10 best wireless headphones available today 1 The 10 most disappointing games of 2016 2 Apple might have a plan to keep your AirPods in your ears 3 iOS 10.3 beta already? Here are the rumored iPhone and iPad features 4 Watch Tesla Autopilot mode predict and avoid a nasty car crash 5 The first LG G6 phone leak shows it’s back on the right path TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site. Terms and conditions Privacy policy Cookies policy Advertise with us © Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury, Bath BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.
null
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Apple Inc. Now Close to Supply-Demand Balance on iPhone 7 Plus A check of the tech titan's online store suggests that supply of and demand for the iPhone 7 Plus are converging. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Dec 18, 2016 at 4:00PM On Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) quarterly earnings call back in October, CEO Tim Cook told investors that "worldwide demand for iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus has significantly outpaced supply, particularly on iPhone 7 Plus." Image source: Apple.  Later during the call, Cook further clarified that although he expected Apple to reach supply-demand balance on the iPhone 7 by the end of the current quarter, he wasn't confident that the company would be able to do so with the iPhone 7 Plus. Based on a recent check of Apple's online store, it looks as though Apple is close to achieving supply-demand balance on the iPhone 7 Plus. Want to buy an iPhone 7 Plus in Jet Black? After launch, the iPhone 7 Plus in Jet Black was extremely difficult to get ahold of, which one analyst chalked up partly to low manufacturing yields on the glossy finish of the device. Three months later, though, if you'd like to buy one, Apple can have it delivered to your doorstep in a matter of 4-6 days: Image source: Apple.com. Similar delivery dates also apply to the iPhone 7 Plus models in other colors and capacities. Reading the tea leaves The delivery dates quoted above tell us that Apple close to achieving supply-demand balance on the iPhone 7 Plus. I wouldn't say that Apple is at supply-demand balance, though, as an iPhone 7 (non-Plus) ordered today, per the Apple online store, can be expected to arrive the next day (suggesting that Apple has reached supply-demand balance on the smaller iPhone models). However, it's hard to draw many specific conclusions from this information. After all, the supply-demand equation is a function of two inputs -- supply and demand. We know that demand has been greater than supply on the iPhone 7 Plus during the quarter, but we don't know how many Apple produced. If Apple produced more iPhone 7 Plus units this year than it did iPhone 6s Plus units last year, then Apple may have enjoyed a nice tailwind to iPhone average selling prices during the quarter -- potentially a positive for revenue. Even then, though, there are a couple of scenarios that Apple might be experiencing here. If iPhone 7 Plus demand has increased year over year, that demand might be a result of share gains within the premium large-screen device market. Alternatively, increased iPhone 7 Plus demand might simply be coming at the expense of the smaller iPhone 7. In that case, Apple should still benefit from a richer product mix (if users don't move down a tier in capacity to move up to the Plus), but the unit shipment story would be less poised to benefit. Apple might be better prepared next time Based on Cook's commentary, it looks like Apple was surprised by the relatively strong demand for the iPhone 7 Plus this time around. The signal that consumers appear to be giving Apple is that they want innovative new features and they're willing to pay for them.  Indeed, the iPhone 7 Plus includes a dual-lens camera that enables some interesting capabilities (optical zoom, depth of field) and it sells for $120 more than the iPhone 7. Previous iPhone Plus models carried just a $100 premium over their standard iPhone counterparts.   I expect that Apple's future initial premium iPhone build plans, as well as its feature/pricing strategies with respect to those future premium iPhone models, will incorporate the wealth of insights gleaned from this product cycle.  Ashraf Eassa has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached at TMFChipFool@gmail.com. Follow him on Twitter: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info Dec 18, 2016 at 4:00PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $115.75 down $0.98 (-0.84%) Read More If You Doubt Apple, Inc.'s Interest in Cars, Think Again Apple, Inc. Had a Merry Christmas How Risky is Apple Inc. Stock? These 3 Tech Stocks Are Ridiculously Cheap What Ever Happened to Apple iBeacons? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current themotleyfool Apple Inc. Now Close to Supply-Demand Balance on iPhone 7 Plus #stocks $AAPL
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Apple Inc. Now Close to Supply-Demand Balance on iPhone 7 Plus A check of the tech titan's online store suggests that supply of and demand for the iPhone 7 Plus are converging. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Dec 18, 2016 at 4:00PM On Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) quarterly earnings call back in October, CEO Tim Cook told investors that "worldwide demand for iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus has significantly outpaced supply, particularly on iPhone 7 Plus." Image source: Apple.  Later during the call, Cook further clarified that although he expected Apple to reach supply-demand balance on the iPhone 7 by the end of the current quarter, he wasn't confident that the company would be able to do so with the iPhone 7 Plus. Based on a recent check of Apple's online store, it looks as though Apple is close to achieving supply-demand balance on the iPhone 7 Plus. Want to buy an iPhone 7 Plus in Jet Black? After launch, the iPhone 7 Plus in Jet Black was extremely difficult to get ahold of, which one analyst chalked up partly to low manufacturing yields on the glossy finish of the device. Three months later, though, if you'd like to buy one, Apple can have it delivered to your doorstep in a matter of 4-6 days: Image source: Apple.com. Similar delivery dates also apply to the iPhone 7 Plus models in other colors and capacities. Reading the tea leaves The delivery dates quoted above tell us that Apple close to achieving supply-demand balance on the iPhone 7 Plus. I wouldn't say that Apple is at supply-demand balance, though, as an iPhone 7 (non-Plus) ordered today, per the Apple online store, can be expected to arrive the next day (suggesting that Apple has reached supply-demand balance on the smaller iPhone models). However, it's hard to draw many specific conclusions from this information. After all, the supply-demand equation is a function of two inputs -- supply and demand. We know that demand has been greater than supply on the iPhone 7 Plus during the quarter, but we don't know how many Apple produced. If Apple produced more iPhone 7 Plus units this year than it did iPhone 6s Plus units last year, then Apple may have enjoyed a nice tailwind to iPhone average selling prices during the quarter -- potentially a positive for revenue. Even then, though, there are a couple of scenarios that Apple might be experiencing here. If iPhone 7 Plus demand has increased year over year, that demand might be a result of share gains within the premium large-screen device market. Alternatively, increased iPhone 7 Plus demand might simply be coming at the expense of the smaller iPhone 7. In that case, Apple should still benefit from a richer product mix (if users don't move down a tier in capacity to move up to the Plus), but the unit shipment story would be less poised to benefit. Apple might be better prepared next time Based on Cook's commentary, it looks like Apple was surprised by the relatively strong demand for the iPhone 7 Plus this time around. The signal that consumers appear to be giving Apple is that they want innovative new features and they're willing to pay for them.  Indeed, the iPhone 7 Plus includes a dual-lens camera that enables some interesting capabilities (optical zoom, depth of field) and it sells for $120 more than the iPhone 7. Previous iPhone Plus models carried just a $100 premium over their standard iPhone counterparts.   I expect that Apple's future initial premium iPhone build plans, as well as its feature/pricing strategies with respect to those future premium iPhone models, will incorporate the wealth of insights gleaned from this product cycle.  Ashraf Eassa has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached at TMFChipFool@gmail.com. Follow him on Twitter: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info Dec 18, 2016 at 4:00PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $115.75 down $0.98 (-0.84%) Read More If You Doubt Apple, Inc.'s Interest in Cars, Think Again Apple, Inc. Had a Merry Christmas How Risky is Apple Inc. Stock? These 3 Tech Stocks Are Ridiculously Cheap What Ever Happened to Apple iBeacons? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current themotleyfool Apple Inc. Now Close to Supply-Demand Balance on iPhone 7 Plus #stocks $AAPL
IE Home Nation World Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos E-Paper Apps RSS Gadgets Review Photos Videos Mobile & Tabs Science Indian Express Home Home Technology Gadgets Pokémon GO for Apple Watch is coming soon Pokémon GO for Apple Watch is coming soon Pokémon GO put out a tweet that reads, "Pokémon Go for Apple Watch is coming soon. Stay tuned." By: Tech Desk | Updated: December 19, 2016 12:53 pm Pokémon GO put out a tweet that reads, “Pokémon Go for Apple Watch is coming soon. Stay tuned.” No, Apple is not scrapping the launch of Pokémon GO for Apple Watch. A rumour that claimed the rollout was cancelled due to low demand was spotted on Reddit and first picked up by 9to5 Mac. The site also quoted a source with knowledge of the plans, who confirmed Pokémon GO app for ‘Apple Watch has for now been shelved’. However, 9to5 Mac updated its report when Pokémon GO tweeted from its official handle confirming the rollout. Pokémon GO put out a tweet that reads, “Pokémon Go for Apple Watch is coming soon. Stay tuned.” However, the exact date is still unknown. In a separate report, Niantic gave out a statement to Tech Crunch confirming the image on Reddit is not real. The statement reads, “Thanks for checking with us! The image in that Reddit post is not real. Development on Pokémon GO continues, as it has since before the Apple announcement. We’ll have more news on the product soon.” Apple showed off Pokemon Go on Apple Watch back in September when it launched its iPhone 7 series. Pokemon GO app allows Apple Watch users to play the game right on the watch. Apple Watch will also show you walking distance and time duration and calories burnt apart from pokémon nearby. Tap on screen near a pokéstop and you get details and swipe in the watch itself to win rewards. You can see the hatch of pokémon in the watch. Check out the tweet here: Pokémon Go for Apple Watch is coming soon. Stay tuned. — Pokémon GO (@PokemonGoApp) December 17, 2016 The game is now available in India, nearly five months after its official launch, thanks to a new Reliance Jio and Niantic partnership. The extremely popular Augmented Reality game was launched on July 7 and became available in hundreds of countries across the globe. Pokémon GO has over 500 million downloads globally. © The Indian Express Online Media Pvt Ltd Tags: Apple Pokemon GO Best of Express PM Modi frames UP fight: Growth exiled for 14 yrs, give us majority EntertainmentDangal box office collection day 11: Aamir Khan film all set to take over Sultan as biggest hit of 2016 EntertainmentRaees: Dear Shah Rukh Khan, why are you so 'Zaalim' on us? EntertainmentBollywood shocked at Abis Rizvi's death in Istanbul terror attack EntertainmentAkshay Kumar's calender break-up of his films will leave you amazed Must Read SportsSC sacks BCCI chief, secy; Anurag says ‘all the best’ SportsBCCI's top two down; cricket’s non-playing XI panics Sports'Let the new administrators amend the constitution' TechnologySamsung Galaxy A7, Galaxy A5, Galaxy A3 (2017) launched ahead of CES 2017 TechnologyBHIM app duplicates are all over Google Play Store: Here's how to avoid TechnologyWhatsApp stops working in older iPhones, Android handsets Lifestyle9th edition of India Art Fair to start February 2 Jan 03: Latest News Novak Djokovic advances at Qatar Open after slow start Asia stocks see subdued start to 2017, dollar resumes climb Huge wildfire destroys homes in Chile tourist city Oil prices rise as markets eye OPEC No North Korea missile will be capable of reaching US: Donald Trump                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
CNET Reviews Best Products CNET 100 Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Crave Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home CNET Smart Home CNET Smart Apartment Smart Home News Smart Home How To Best Smart Home Devices Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español CNET Tech Culture Apple's not very good, really quite poor 2016 Apple's not very good, really quite poor 2016 Commentary: It's not so much about the profits. It's more about how much, or how little, Apple has thought about its customers. Tech Culture by Chris Matyszczyk December 18, 2016 1:00 PM PST @ChrisMatyszczyk Up Next The robots are coming to CES, and we can't wait to meet them Technically Incorrect offers a slightly twisted take on the tech that's taken over our lives. Enlarge Image A lot to think about?Photo by Stephen Lam, Getty Images As they drift off for their one- or two-day vacations shortly, will Apple's senior executives be patting themselves on the back? Or will they be slapping themselves on the forehead? Apple's 2016 was garlanded with the usual hype, but not somehow with the usual excitement. Perhaps you're excited by profits. Most real people, however, simply want to witness, feel and enjoy something that, to them, feels both new and exciting. In this, Apple was quite woeful. It began with an iPhone SE and a smaller iPad Pro. Utilitarian? For sure. Exciting? Perhaps not. In March, respected Apple commentator Walt Massberg mused -- or perhaps pleaded: "The iPhone 7 had better be spectacular." A peek at the iPhone's potential under-glass fingerprint scanner tech The AirPods are available for preorder. Don't lose them. A full-glass screen iPhone is closer than you think and the Apple TV gets a Tinder app. We're already swiping left. by Brian Tong 5:16 Close Drag The iPhone 7 turned out to be as spectacular as Hillary Clinton's campaign, but a little more waterproof. The headphone jack was gone and some very strange-looking AirPod headphones were promised and then not delivered until very late. When you looked at Apple's Phil Schiller insisting that removing the headphone jack represented "courage," you thought that the only courage here involved offering that sort of twisted sell. In 2016, Apple was all about the business and not so much about the customer. Odd, for a company that was built on its human instincts and whose products were always intuitively simple to enjoy. Suddenly, it created a sense of wide-eyed disappointment, coupled with an enthusiasm for nickel-and-diming matched only by airlines and rental car companies. You now need dongle upon dongle to connect things to your new MacBook Pro. If you lose just one AirPod -- which is about as likely as you shed at least one strand of hair when your combing, it's $69, thank you very much. And here's how another respected, longtime Apple commentator and former Apple executive Jean-Louis Gassée described the MacBook Pro launch: "Perplexing." This is French for "Have these people lost the plot?" In essence, Apple didn't bother to communicate what possible difficulties a new product might make for the customer and allowed real people to see the product, work out its shortcomings and think anything from "dull" to "why?" to "what's the point of that?" Even the battery life indicator on the new Pro seemed amateurish and was removed. Apple then compounded the irritation by releasing an ad that claimed the MacBook Pro was somehow at the pinnacle of great ideas. Perplexing. With moves and movies such as these, Apple invites criticism because it has historically been very clever about how it launches and presents products. This year, you almost got the sense that Cupertino would have preferred to downplay some of its events, as it knew it really didn't have that much with which to excite people. You can blame a slowdown in technological development generally. You can couch it, as fans of sports teams sometimes do, as a transition year. We're going to lose a few games, but you should see our draft picks. More Technically Incorrect Elon Musk vows to start company that digs tunnels under traffic Watch a politician's musical tie interrupt his speech Trump tweets anger at China, creates new word Indeed, my colleague Shara Tibken persuasively explained that there might be a lot to look forward to from Apple in the coming year. At heart, though, the natives are restless and, perhaps unreasonably, expect far more. All this while Apple is involved in all sorts of political issues and is a company with far more tentacles than it used to have. I'm typing this on my MacBook Air. My iPhone 6 is charging next to it. The thought crosses my mind: "Why haven't I upgraded these things?" And the sad truth is that nothing new feels like much of an upgrade at all. Sometimes, when you're at your richest, you become your poorest and your dullest. Perhaps Apple should be grateful that Microsoft came up with arguably the most exciting piece of hardware this year, the Surface Studio. And what would have happened if Samsung's lovely Galaxy Note 7 had taken off, rather than exploding every time it did take off? Apple might have always had business competition -- big concerns like Microsoft that had a juggernaut quality. Not so often has it had competition for hearts. Is Cupertino up to the challenge? 2017 will offer a clue. Share your voice 0 comments Tags Technically Incorrect Apple Tech Culture Tech Industry Mobile Related Stories 'Twin Peaks' actress Sherilyn Fenn tweets a cryptic clue Facebook censors nude Neptune statue, writer says Benedict Cumberbatch related to Sherlock Holmes' creator Peter Mayhew to Star Wars fans: 'It's okay to grieve' Close   Discuss: Apple's not very good, really quite poor... Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: The robots are coming to CES, and we can't wait to meet them CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
Computerworld New Zealand Apple's macOS file encryption easily bypassed without the latest fixes News Technology News Business Cloud Computing Data Centre Gaming Dev Government Infrastructure Mobility Networking Open Source Security Servers Social Networking Software Software Development Storage Tech Planet Telecoms Tutorials Unified Comms Virtualisation Tools Blogs Editorial Contacts Events IT Media Releases Join Computerworld Newsletters NBN RSS Slideshows Vendor View Videos Zones Jobs Whitepapers All Whitepapers Business + Management Cloud Computing CRM Data Centre Data Management Disaster Recovery Network Security Storage Telecommunications Unified Communications Virtualisation Wireless Other Whitepapers Login Username Password Forgot password? Sign up now to get free exclusive access to reports, research and invitation only events. Twitter Facebook Apple's macOS file encryption easily bypassed without the latest fixes Custom-made Thunderbolt devices can be used to extract the encryption password from locked Macs Lucian Constantin (IDG News Service) 17 December, 2016 02:21 - - - - print email Comments Without the macOS update released this week, Apple's disk encryption can be easily defeated by connecting a specially crafted device to a locked Macbook. The attack is possible because devices connected over Thunderbolt can access the computer's RAM directly before the OS is started through the direct memory access (DMA) feature. The DMA mechanism is typically used by disk drive controllers, graphics cards, network cards, and sound cards because accessing the memory through the CPU would otherwise keep the processor busy and unavailable for other tasks. Apple's macOS has DMA protections, but they only kick in when the OS is running. However, the EFI (Extensible Firmware Interface) -- the modern BIOS -- initializes Thunderbolt devices at an early stage in the boot process and this enables them to use DMA before the OS is started, security researcher Ulf Frisk said in a blog post. The second problem is that the password for Apple's FileVault 2 disk encryption is stored in memory in plain text if the disk has been unlocked once. This means that when a Mac has its screen locked or returns from a sleep state, the password will still be in memory. Furthermore, the password doesn't get scrubbed from memory on reboot and is only shifted around to a different location within a fixed memory range, according to Frisk. The only time the password is removed from memory is when the Mac is shut down because that's when RAM contents are completely cleared. The researcher created a hardware device running his custom software that he dubbed PCILeech. The device is capable of extracting FileVault passwords via DMA. "This makes it easy to just plug in the DMA attack hardware and reboot the Mac," Frisk said. "Once the Mac is rebooted the DMA protections that macOS previously enabled are dropped. The memory contents, including the password, is still there, though. There is a time window of a few seconds before the memory containing the password is overwritten with new content." Frisk presented DMA-based attacks against the Linux, Windows, and OS X kernel at the DEF CON security conference in August, but he discovered the implications for Apple's disk encryption after his presentation. He kept his findings secret until now at Apple's request. The researcher confirmed that the macOS Sierra 10.12.2 update released this week fixes the security issue, at least on his MacBook Air. "The solution Apple decided upon and rolled out is a complete one," Frisk said. "At least to the extent that I have been able to confirm. It is no longer possible to access memory prior to macOS boot. The mac is now one of the most secure platforms with regards to this specific attack vector." Cloud Flexibility Freeing New Zealand Businesses From the Tyranny of Distance More from Interactive Intelligence Join the Computerworld New Zealand newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. More about AppleDMALinuxSierra Editor's Recommendations Taxpayers Union says Motu study shows UFB a waste of money New Zealand to chair digital nation group and host leaders’ summit Nokia upgrades Spark’s fibre network to 200Gbps per wavelength Hawaiki misses out: Fiji to be hooked into Southern Cross NZ Post opts for Unit4 ERP to aid digital transformation Microsoft backs computer education for schools with $343k grant Read more Veeam Resources Centre Related Whitepapers On the Radar: FinalCode addresses persistent file security challenges for the enterprise Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read next Hawaiki misses out: Fiji to be hooked into Southern Cross Arago teaches an AI to play games, the better to manage IT ... Defence spends $11m on battle management system for Network Enabled Army In pictures: The 2016 Hi-Tech Awards 'The Oscars of NZ's ICT industry' IN PICTURES: Kiwi student innovators unite as Microsoft Imagine Cup 2016 hits ... Arago teaches an AI to play games, the better to manage IT systems Editorial Contacts Advertising Information Privacy Policy RSS Newsletters Events Whitepapers News Zones IT Media Releases Slideshows Videos Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites: PC World New Zealand | CIO New Zealand | Reseller News []
null
Planning a vacation? Check out the best travel deals and destinations The Artistic Type Curtain up! Matthew J. Palm covers the Central Florida arts scene Entertainment Theater & Arts The Artistic Type | Arts & Theater 'Out of the Apple Orchard' makes Orlando debut this week Caption 'Blair Witch' family savors Enzian film festival legacy 18-year-old filmmaker Peter Cowie, debuts his film "The Sea" at the Brouhaha Film Festival this weekend. He made the film with his father Robin, who was a producer of The Blair Witch Project. 18-year-old filmmaker Peter Cowie, debuts his film "The Sea" at the Brouhaha Film Festival this weekend. He made the film with his father Robin, who was a producer of The Blair Witch Project. Caption 'Blair Witch' family savors Enzian film festival legacy 18-year-old filmmaker Peter Cowie, debuts his film "The Sea" at the Brouhaha Film Festival this weekend. He made the film with his father Robin, who was a producer of The Blair Witch Project. 18-year-old filmmaker Peter Cowie, debuts his film "The Sea" at the Brouhaha Film Festival this weekend. He made the film with his father Robin, who was a producer of The Blair Witch Project. Caption 'An American in Paris' cast talk about critically acclaimed show - Orlando News Now “An American in Paris” cast members talk about the Tony-winning Broadway show. Orlando Sentinel theater critic Matthew Palm says, “‘An American in Paris’ is a joyous, beautifully presented celebration of visual art, music and dance. Oh, and love. Don't forget love.” The show is playing at the Dr. Phillips Center for the Performing Arts through Sunday. “An American in Paris” cast members talk about the Tony-winning Broadway show. Orlando Sentinel theater critic Matthew Palm says, “‘An American in Paris’ is a joyous, beautifully presented celebration of visual art, music and dance. Oh, and love. Don't forget love.” The show is playing at the Dr. Phillips Center for the Performing Arts through Sunday. Caption Free performance Sunday of Handel's Messiah at Bob Carr Theater - Orlando News Now Elaine Pancake, Messiah Choral Society president, discusses the 44th annual free performance of Handel’s “Messiah” at 3 p.m. Sunday, Nov. 27, at Bob Carr Theater. The Society continues their support of the Second Harvest Food Bank by requesting concert attendees bring donations of nonperishable food items to the performance.   Elaine Pancake, Messiah Choral Society president, discusses the 44th annual free performance of Handel’s “Messiah” at 3 p.m. Sunday, Nov. 27, at Bob Carr Theater. The Society continues their support of the Second Harvest Food Bank by requesting concert attendees bring donations of nonperishable food items to the performance.   Caption Veterans take to the stage to share real experiences Local veterans are perfoming in a free show based on their real military experience. The show is part of the nationwide Telling Project and takes place the weekend of October 1, 2016. Local veterans are perfoming in a free show based on their real military experience. The show is part of the nationwide Telling Project and takes place the weekend of October 1, 2016. Caption Festival of Trees dedicates display to Pulse victims The 2016 Festival of Trees at the Orlando Museum of Art features many festive displays including a Lake Eola swan tree dedicated to the Pulse victims. The 2016 Festival of Trees at the Orlando Museum of Art features many festive displays including a Lake Eola swan tree dedicated to the Pulse victims. Matthew J. PalmContact ReporterOrlando Sentinel Arts Writer "Out of the Apple Orchard," a play of compassion and new beginnings, makes its Orlando debut "Out of the Apple Orchard," a new play based on the 2005 book of the same name, makes its Orlando premiere Monday, Dec. 19. Inspired by Charles Dickens' "A Christmas Carol," "Out of the Apple Orchard" is a story of forgiveness, hunger, healing and new beginnings. It follows a Jewish immigrant family that in 1910 moves from the New York City to a hamlet in the Catskills, where 12-year-old Adam steals apples from a nearby farmer. Kenny Howard directs the Orlando production, which stars Jeremy Kleckner, Sara Jones, Tommy Wooten, Doug Bowser, Jessica Hoehn, Ron Miles, Karen Ann, Coletyn Hentz, Josh Lefkowitz, Bayley Steinwher, Maggie Connor, Hendrix Varney and Jose Navarro. Yvonne David wrote the book, which was adapted for the stage by playwright Ellen W. Kaplan. It's fiscally sponsored by Fractured Atlas, a New York-based nonprofit technology company. The show will be presented at 7:30 p.m. Monday-Thursday, Dec. 19-22, with a Wednesday matinee at 2 p.m. Dec. 21. It's being staged at Orlando Repertory Theatre, 1001 E. Princeton St., Orlando. Opening-night tickets are $30 for adults, $20 for children and include a raffle and talkback with the cast. Net proceeds from opening night benefit Jewish Family Services and the St. Vincent de Paul Society, which aid those in need. For the other performances, tickets are $20 for adults, $18 for students and seniors, $14 for children. Call 407-437-4909 or go to AppleTreeSeries.com or www.artful.ly/out-of-the-apple-orchard. Copyright © 2017, Orlando Sentinel 'Out of the Apple Orchard' All Sections News Sports Business Classified Entertainment Travel Obituaries 72°
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Apple in 2017: What’s next for Mac, iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch & Apple TV this year Trending in Apple Apple Watch, New Year’s resolutions, and losing 50 pounds Trending in Reviews Hands-on: LG Apple-endorsed 5K Display – an UltraFine choice for MacBook Pro owners? [Video] Trending in Apple Review: Nanoleaf’s Aurora smart lighting panels match modular customization with HomeKit control [Video] Trending in Apple iPhone 8: Everything we currently know about Apple’s 10th anniversary flagship Trending in Apple Comment: Apple continues to explore bringing the Digital Crown to iPhones & iPads, and I still like the idea December 18, 2016 AAPL: 115.97 0.15 AirPods begin arriving to customers & hitting retail stores around the world [Gallery] Chance Miller - 2 weeks ago @ChanceHMiller AirPods View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Image via @nic_morris It’s currently Monday morning in Australia and New Zealand, and that means Apple’s completely wireless AirPods are now arriving to customers and retail stores. AirPods first went on-sale via Apple’s online store last week, but shipping times began to slip quickly. Those who got their order in early enough, however, are now receiving their shipment… According to a variety of posts on Twitter and Instagram, early buyers in Australia and New Zealand have started receiving their AirPods. December 19th was the earliest arrival date for the product and it was primarily allocated to international customers, such as those in Australia and Zealand. Additionally, customers who missed the brief online availability of AirPods have reported being able to walk into Apple Stores in Australia and New Zealand and purchase a pair. Apple stated last week that stores would start receiving “regular shipments” of AirPods beginning this week, and now we know that the Monday date that was rumored is legitimate. One user on Twitter reported that there were about 15 people waiting outside of an Apple Store in Brisbane. Notably, Apple apparently wasn’t prepared for a line and thus didn’t setup its normal line dividers like it does for iPhone launches. Another user reported that an Apple Store in Sydney had about 50 pairs of AirPods on shelves at opening, with more pairs in the back and about 6 demo pairs. “Demand was high, people ran inside,” he wrote. Early users in Australia and New Zealand are praising the pairing process between AirPods and their iPhone, while others report that sound quality is better than they expected. Personally, I plan to get to my local Apple Store ahead of its opening tomorrow and wait for AirPods. I unfortunately missed my chance to order online with a decent arrival date, but hopefully my luck improves tomorrow… Have you gotten your hands on AirPods yet? From a retail store? Let us know down in the comments. And here they are. About 50 pairs on shelves, more in the back and 6 demo pairs. Demand was high, people ran in store. Me included. pic.twitter.com/qg2c1gAqfX — Nic Morris (@nic_morris) December 18, 2016 @zcorrigan no one is forming a line. Which annoys me. About 15 people — Jeff Hawthorne (@Juiceboy_Jeff) December 18, 2016 Just got my Airpods. A+. Auto-pause when taking them out is totally magic. — hcotunes (@hcotunes) December 18, 2016 Unboxing/first impressions coming soon!! #airpods #apple #appsolutelytech #entrepreneur #ateamlv A photo posted by Adonis Lewis (@imadonisxavier) on Dec 18, 2016 at 3:04pm PST My AirPods arrived! — Mike Rogers @ 🇳🇿 (@MikeRogers0) December 18, 2016 #AirPods took no time at all to setup and great audio quality #apple pic.twitter.com/ngutZf6MDB — Richard Pascoe (@Adelaidetechguy) December 18, 2016 Just picked up my #airpods #apple A photo posted by Richard Pascoe (@adelaidetechguy) on Dec 18, 2016 at 2:30pm PST Hard to take a decent photo of the side of your head #airpods #apple A photo posted by Richard Pascoe (@adelaidetechguy) on Dec 18, 2016 at 2:53pm PST the future is ear (…already lost the other one though) #airpods A photo posted by aron (@ronnnu) on Dec 18, 2016 at 2:47pm PST Got my #airpods in #sydney #australia #apple #new #firstday #techie A photo posted by itsmrmartinez (@itsmrmartinez) on Dec 18, 2016 at 2:17pm PST Guides Apple AirPods Apple AirPods price, availability, features View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Ireland to appeal EU's record $14 billion tax order on Apple By Associated Press Published: 19:03 EST, 18 December 2016 | Updated: 19:03 EST, 18 December 2016 e-mail DUBLIN (AP) — Ireland is appealing the European Union's landmark order to collect 13 billion euros ($14 billion) in taxes from Apple. The Irish countermove comes four months after EU competition authorities hit Apple with the record bill asserting it grossly underpaid taxes on European-wide profits reported through Ireland from 2003 to 2014. The island nation charged the American company only for sales on its own territory at Europe-low rates that in turn were sharply reduced by the controversial use of shell companies at home and abroad. In Monday's formal legal submission, the Irish Department of Finance accuses EU competition authorities of launching an unfair attack on Ireland's low-tax sales pitch to foreign investors, exceeding their competence and authority, and seeking to breach Ireland's sovereignty in national tax affairs. Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Jack Branning is left devastated on EastEnders after discovering wife Ronnie has drowned... as fans are left in tears by the Mitchell sisters' death  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Angelina Jolie takes sweet twins Vivienne and Knox and daughter Shiloh for ice cream during Colorado ski trip... without Brad Susanna Reid, 46, is flooded with compliments as she bravely posts barefaced 'blemishes, lines and flaws' selfie next to filtered make-up snap Are you wheel-y sure you want to do that, Wiggo? Bradley Wiggins signs up for The Jump... days after retiring from professional cycling Hope he's insured Daisy Lowe looks scorching in a pale pink cutaway bikini as she flaunts her Strictly weight loss on Miami beach Looks stunning Daisy Lowe shows off her kooky sense of style on holiday as she pairs a skimpy white bikini with trainers She seemed in particularly high spirits 'I lost half a stone in two weeks eating M&S ready meals!' We challenged two women to try what might be the easiest diet EVER! SPONSORED Bella Thorne flaunts pert derriere in a tiny bikini on holiday in the Bahamas... and even covers herself in body glitter Absolutely stunning 'Losing a child never leaves you': Kym Marsh admits Corrie stillbirth was 'heartbreaking' eight years after losing own baby - as she poses with daughter Polly, five 'He's not bothered': Michelle Keegan insists husband Mark Wright is unfazed by steamy sex scenes... after admitting they 'talk through' her roles Can Mel and Sue keep Ant and Dec from 16th TV Presenter of the Year gong? Departing Bake Off favourites leave on a high as they lead National Television Awards nominations PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Angelina Jolie hits the slopes with her kids during Colorado ski trip... as she enjoys NYE getaway in wake of Brad Pitt split  Doutzen Kroes displays model figure in cropped top and tiny shorts while hitting beach in Miami with family Looking ssssexy! TOWIE's Kate Wright shows off her eye-popping assets in snakeskin swimsuit as she continues to wow during Dubai break 'The hard grafting has paid off'! MIC's Louise Thompson poses in a nude bikini... before being launched into the air by her burly beau Ryan in the Maldives PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Wild thing Daisy Lowe wears her leopard-print bra to the beach as she cosies up to handsome mystery man on the beach in Miami Weed belong together: Mariah Carey spotted heading into a marijuana dispensary on Christmas Eve, just one week before her Times Square meltdown  Trouble in paradise? Nicole Kidman and Keith Urban 'had a red carpet argument' at her Lion premiere in Sydney just days before dancing up a storm on stage on NYE Rich Kids of Instagram's Lana Scolaro loses her bikini top on sunshine break in St Barts... after shooting to fame with THAT Robin Thicke snap EastEnders star Samantha Womack sparks Twitter frenzy as she tweets about enjoying a swim... just hours after her character drowned  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Shirtless former Strictly pro Gleb Savchenko displays his rippling abs as he packs on the PDA with wife Elena on Miami beach 'I'm gonna smash it!' Lauren Goodger slips into lingerie for pre-weight loss selfie before filming derriere during workout... as she vows to regain her 'big butt' in 2017 Kourtney Kardashian and Scott Disick put on a united front in Aspen as they pose on their private jet They split up in summer 2015 'Need a decorator's number?' Little Mix's Jesy Nelson is inundated with interior advice from fans after they're left shocked by her Instagram snap Wat-son your screen, Dr? Sherlock viewers left scratching their heads by epic blunder... as series return draws in best audience of New Year's Day Full of 1940s intrigue and sex, Halcyon is Downton if the butler had an evil streak! As ITV unveils its wartime blockbuster, our critic CHRISTOPHER STEVENS is gripped Downton Abbey in a hotel - with jazz, Nazis, and a less handsome Night Manager who stuck to his day job... The Halcyon was not a place you'd want to stay, by JIM SHELLEY X Factor runner-up Rebecca Ferguson 'graciously accepts' invitation to sing at  inauguration of Donald Trump... if she can perform track protesting against racism The pathologist's corpses were more lifelike than this twaddle: Christopher Stevens reviews last night's TV  Always looks like she's on her way to an awards Fit couple! Mark Wahlberg shows off sculpted body while wife Rhea Durham is red hot in bikini on holiday in Barbados Super buff Still on! Jennifer Lawrence, 26, enjoys romantic New Year's Eve stroll with boyfriend Darren Aronofsky, 47 Looked like a picture-perfect couple Lizzie Cundy, 46, negotiates risqué red swimsuit while throwing herself enthusiastically into beachside ball games during Maldives getaway Star in stripes: Natalie Portman keeps it comfortable in patterned top and hoodie while on morning walk in LA Appeared quite far along as she stepped out Strictly's Janette Manrara flaunts taut physique in skimpy pink bikini as she joins co-star fiancé Alja korjanec and his ex-dance partner Daisy Lowe on Miami beach Burr-illiant! Vlogger Tanya debuts new bob and shows off enviable curves in animal print swimsuit during idyllic holiday in the Maldives Lucky woman 'It was definitely the most traumatic year of my life': Charlotte Crosby reveals she is glad 2016 is over... after ectopic pregnancy and split from Gaz Beadle Calum Best touches down in London ahead of rumoured Celebrity Big Brother stint... where he is set to reunite with former flame Bianca Gascoigne The look of love! Margot Robbie beams as she arrives back in LA with new husband Tom Ackerley... after tying the knot in secret ceremony in Australia Newly-engaged Serena Williams flashes her ring as she steps out with her Reddit co-founder fiance Alexis Ohanian in New Zealand Proposed last week All tied up! TOWIE;s Kate Wright sizzles in plunging bondage inspired khaki bikini as she soaks up the sun in Dubai  On a girls' break  Avert your eyes! Braless Lisa Appleton, 48, leaves NOTHING to the imagination in raunchy lace dress during wild night out in Manchester Nicola McLean, Spencer Pratt and Stevi Ritchie arrive at their hotel as they prepare to make their Celebrity Big Brother return for all star series Izabel Goulart flaunts her supermodel figure in TINY crochet bikini as she frolics on the beach in St Barts  Every inch the Brazilian bombshell  Bonding time! Nicola Peltz rocks a black bikini as she hugs her brother Will on family holiday together In an idyllic Instagram photo Margot Robbie stuns in a leopard print one piece as she cosies up to new husband Tom Ackerley at the beach with friends... after secretly tying the knot Newly-single Katie Waissel hits Miami beach with another male pal in Miami... weeks after splitting from second husband Brian Moote Keeping her on her toes! Chrissy Teigen shows off legs in LBD as she does impressive plié while carrying baby Luna Impressive skills Pregnant Rochelle Humes flaunts her blossoming baby bump in chic black swimsuit in the Maldives before sharing a bath with daughter Alaia-Mai 'Time to start a new year being happy, healthy and ambitious': Katie Price praises husband Keiran Hayler and kids as she vows to give up alcohol Love's young dream: Elle Fanning enjoys giggly lunch date with boyfriend Dylan Beck The 18-year-old couldn't control her laughter while in a black jumpsuit MIC's Frankie Gaff shares racy belfie as she and Jamie Laing pack on the PDA during break in Dubai... leaving their relationship woes firmly behind them 'Private pool suits me just fine!' Ashley Graham shows off her hourglass curves in racy white swimsuit as she takes a dip in the Seychelles Susan Sarandon's daughter Eva Amurri Martino reveals baby son suffered a cracked skull after a night nurse dropped him Now battling depression New year, new nails! Tobey Maguire's ex Jennifer Meyer makes manicure her priority at start of 2017 She dressed in ripped jeans Billie Lourd breaks her silence with moving tribute to mother Carrie Fisher and grandmother Debbie Reynolds The 24-year-old actress posted a picture Sara Sampaio flaunts her trim figure and pert posterior in pretty print swimsuit as she enjoys a sunbathing session on Mexican holiday Positively heaven sent  Ronnie and Roxy Mitchell suffer ANOTHER grisly fate in alternate ending for EastEnders New Year episode... after fans praise the duo's exit  Stella McCartney covers up in a floaty kaftan as she enjoys romantic beach stroll with husband Alasdhair Willis in St Barts Festive family trip  Fifi Box's ex Grant Kenny 'devastated' after the actress 'spends the night' with her Neighbours co-star and new love Damien Richardson  Reunited! Julianne Hough goes makeup free in an adorable family selfie with fiancé Brooks Laich and their fur babies Lexi and Harley Bianca Gascoigne shows off her ample assets in orange sequin bikini as she hits the water in sunny Mexico ahead of her Celebrity Big Brother debut Rebecca Romijn flaunts rock hard abs at 44 while on holiday with husband Jerry O'Connell and twin daughters Rebecca Romijn had no problems showing it off 'He said I was a lousy lay': A victim of Tony Curtis's vile gossip, in her own words, how screen legend DEBBIE REYNOLDS was abused in Hollywood   Happy New Rear! Danielle Lloyd showcases her toned curves in a red-hot swimsuit as she soaks up some winter sun in Dubai Rooney prostitute Jenny Thompson flaunts her legs in red playsuit as fellow EOTB newbie Zara Jackson gets racy in lace on a night out in Manchester She's red hot! Gwen Stefani unveiled as new face of Revlon  Her trademark bright red lipstick was in evidence as she was named brand ambassador Gemma Oaten displays her taut abs in steamy New Year's underwear selfie as she puts dramatic romance with presenter Nick Knowles behind her Two weeks to go! Sasha and Malia return from Hawaii with their parents after their last family vacation aboard Air Force One Saw his grandad's grave Taking a gamble on love? Jennifer Lopez and Drake hit high-roller tables in Vegas together after she supports him at NYE gig At MGM Grand casino Celebrity Big Brother tipped to be the 'sexiest yet' as show bosses make smaller beds to 'encourage intimacy' between housemates Starts this week Down she goes! Josie Gibson winces in pain as she takes a tumble on her skis during practice session for new series of injury-stricken show The Jump Pregnant Ciara posts cute photos of her baby bump as she rings in 2017 with her growing family Expecting her second child  Coffee date! Vanessa Hudgens rocks cropped sweater and extremely tight trousers during outing with boyfriend Austin Butler Both in Studio City  'He really wanted to be in the movie': Robin Williams was turned down for iconic Hagrid role in Harry Potter franchise because he wasn't British Unlikely pals Tallia Storm, 18, and Chris Evans, 50, enjoy beach day as they see in the New Year with their families in Barbados Firm friendship Patrick Schwarzenegger hits pool as he takes girlfriend Abby Champion on family holiday in Mexico with Maria Shriver Dick Clark Productions slams Mariah Carey's accusations of sabotage as 'frankly absurd' after diva's epic lip syncing meltdown she blamed on faulty earpiece  'The loneliness became desperate': Kate Bush describes 'cruel' bullying during her teenage years at Catholic girls' school in newly resurfaced essay Hilary Duff parades her toned pins in skimpy bikini bottoms as she tries her hand at surfing during New Year's break to Hawaii Surf's up New year, old pals! Jonah Hill and Michael Cera enjoy low-key Superbad reunion ten years on  Enjoyed a stroll in SoHo district of Manhattan Bernie Ecclestone, 86, and wife Fabiana Flosi, 38, explore Gstaad as they ring in the New Year with the family in Switzerland Winter wonderland  Frances Bean Cobain's battle to get ex to return her late father Kurt Cobain's priceless guitar is heading for a multi-million dollar court case Just another day in paradise! MIC's Louise Thompson and Ryan Libbey show off toned beach bodies as they enjoy a snorkel trip in the Maldives 'I'm heartbroken': Fans devastated by Sherlock episode as Amanda Abbington takes a bullet after her real-life split from on-screen husband Martin Freeman Conor McGregor looks sharp in suit at sister Aoife's wedding in Ireland... as the UFC superstar continues to enjoy his break from the octagon Nude ambition! Kady McDermott goes underwear-free in slinky salmon dress as she attends Love Island party with leggy Rachel Fenton Billie Piper goes incognito in oversized denim jacket during casual stroll in London... as ex-husband Laurence Fox talks first Christmas alone Newly-single Katie Waissel cosies up to a mystery man in Miami... weeks after splitting from second husband Brian Moote Marriage lasted a year 'Jumping into 2017 like': Karlie Kloss bares flat midriff in bikini as she leaps into the Caribbean In the celebrity haven on St Barths Feeling fruity! Lucy Watson shows off her Barbados tan in a mismatched bikini as she kicks back on inflatable pineapple with shirtless beau James Lauren Goodger parties with jailbird boyfriend's sister for New Year's Eve as she vows to quit booze for a month Getting close to 'in-laws' In the swim! Naomi Watts enjoys the warm waters off Cancun with sons during New Year's family getaway The actress, 48, donned a turquoise swimsuit 'Guess you f****d my missus!' Jeremy McConnell accused of sleeping with a fan's girlfriend... as pregnant ex Stephanie Davis prepares for due date That's what girlfriends are for! Katie Salmon helps new squeeze Dani avoid an embarrassing nip slip as they put on a loved-up display in Manchester Georgia May Jagger rocks wild leopard print lingerie and sparkling bling as she writhes around in bed for LOVE's Video Advent A walk on the wild side  Hilary Duff shows off her toned torso in a bikini as she larks around with son Luca in the Hawaii surf The tot held his famous mother's hand CHRISTOPHER STEVENS: Sherlock's now so clever-clever, it's stupid  The Mail's critic pans the New Year's Day special and awards it one star 'It's not a set thing': Ben Affleck won't direct his Batman standalone if it doesn't come together to his liking The 44-year-old actor is picky about his projects Glowing Holly Willoughby looks sun-kissed as she enjoys romantic beach stroll with shirtless husband Dan Baldwin in Barbados She sings! Gisele Bundchen performs sweet track while strumming the guitar by pool in new video Clearly a woman of many talents  Ex On The Beach's Jemma Lucy flashes her pert derriere in skimpy purple T-shirt... after going totally NAKED in saucy sunbed selfie Making resolutions! Rob Kardashian works up a sweat on a two-hour trek with Blac Chyna... days after health scare left him hospitalised George Michael's lover Fadi Fawaz reveals the singer died alone after he slept in his car and denies posting tweets saying star had tried to kill himself many times  Newly single Bella Thorne enjoys NYE smooch with model pal Kyra Santoro as she rings in 2017 with her girlfriends in the Bahamas Lea Michele lays her naked ambition bare as she poses for racy New Year snap Completely nude except for an animated frond pasted over her derrière Now that's one way to RING in the New Year! Ashley Greene flaunts her engagement bling as she celebrates 2017 in Sydney with new fiancé Paul Khoury Lisa Snowdon, 44, showcases her ample assets as she slips into a plunging blue bikini in saucy throwback snap from Down Under Bikini babe  'Get your happy a**es home!': Kim Zolciak misses daughter Brielle Biermann and beau Michael Kopech as they enjoy getaway in Niagara Falls Shameless actress Tina Malone calls in police after abuse from Twitter trolls body-shaming her for weight loss Shameless star 'upset' 'The best way to start 2017': Jessica Alba soaks up the sun in a bikini as she and her daughters celebrate the New Year on Hawaiian beach Meghan the budding star: Actress poses for series of publicity photos after landing a role in daytime TV show 13 years before she met Prince Harry  'Stand strong and move forward!' Nicole Scherzinger flaunts her phenomenal bikini body as she shares her New Year's resolve from Hawaii 'Men think they are there for pleasure': Alicia Douvall says her bum implants have ruined her sex life... and is undecided about ditching leaking lifts Jeremy Clarkson's VERY racy party girls: Grand Tour star is pictured with a host of society's most eligible women at New Year's Eve party  Lizzie Cundy, 46, shows off her tanned and toned figure in sizzling cut-out monokini as she hits the beach during idyllic Maldives getaway Mariah Carey kisses Bryan Tanaka in preview clip of reality show after he pops out of cake and gives lap dance Preview of her new show Ashley James flaunts her enviably toned abs in series of sizzling skimpy bikinis as she soaks up the sun during exotic break in Gambia Iconic duo Ronnie and Roxy Mitchell meet 'sad but beautiful' end on EastEnders as they drown in New Year's Day special Fans praised acting Tired of the beach? Covered up Ashley Olsen, 30, caresses shirtless beau Richard Sachs, 58, during trail hike in St. Barts This is the life 'Boy crazy!' Ellen Pompeo cradles her newborn son Eli as she dances around her kitchen Became a mum for the third time in December Steps girls Claire Richards, Faye Tozer and Lisa Scott Lee amp up the glamour in glittering ensembles as the band reunite for NYE gig at London's G-A-Y 'Happiest New Year!' Bella Hadid shares selfie blowing on party horn as she rings in 2017 with Kendall Jenner and Jordyn Woods 'Sad when bae leaves': Ariel Winter, 18, pouts over absent Levi Meaden,29... after ringing in New Year with a kiss Sulky Snapchat  Would you dare to wear a FIDDLER CAP? Bella Hadid signals that the formerly naff accessory is making an unlikely comeback for 2017  'Counting my blessings': Karlie Kloss winks as she shows off her famous figure in black bikini in St Barts Showing off her model body Rogue One takes $64M over New Year weekend to become the US's second highest grossing film of 2016... as Disney sweeps year-end top three Chip off the old block! Brooklyn Beckham theatrically dives from boat as holiday break in Maldives continues He's got skills! 'Bodies of every size': Lena Dunham bares cleavage in lingerie for New Year's Day photo-shoot Sending a message with racy shot 'Partner in life!' Rachel Zoe and Rodger Berman share NYE kiss as they celebrate 25 years together Midnight smooch They tied the knot! UnREAL cco-stars Johanna Braddy and Freddie Stroma start 2017 as newlyweds They had been dating since meeting in 2015 'Nose problems': Marco Pierre White Jr shares second horrifying nosebleed in days on Snapchat... after hinting they were caused by drug use If you've got it... Chloe Ferry flashes her derriere as she joins the scantily-clad Geordie Shore girls for raucous NYE pool party at Charlotte Crosby's lavish mansion Hard day's twerk! Bella Thorne dances on the back of a truck in the Bahamas Spent a bit of New Year's Day twerking on a stationary truck  'I love my man!' Jessica Simpson shares sultry couple shot with husband Eric Johnson New Year, same handsome beau Bod Jovi! Shirtless Jon Bon Jovi, 54, shows off his impressive physique as he goes for a dip in St Barths It seems he has looked good, always '1st selfie of the new year!' Ciara shares a picture of her growing bump as she supports her man at NFL game Nw baby on the way in 2017 Andrew Garfield cheers on the Los Angeles Lakers courtside as awards season looms for Hacksaw Ridge star Sports fan Victoria's Secret stunner Bridget Malcolm flashes underboob as she poses TOPLESS on a disco ball to celebrate 2017 in sexy Playboy shoot 'I wish everyone this kind of love!' Kelly Clarkson plants a kiss on son Remington for New Year's greeting Gave birth on April 12, 2016 'They're perky!': Cynthia Bailey takes RHOA castmates to her breast exam... and lets them squeeze her implants Could never be accused of being shy  Check out My Lean physique! Busty Myleene Klass flaunts her famed bikini body in TINY two-piece during festive family Sri Lanka trip She looked incredible Trying to impress? Ansel Elgort enjoys a shirtless workout... as girlfriend Violetta Komyshan looks on Enjoyed a productive New Year's Day Party time! Kendall Jenner steps out in black negligee while Hailey Baldwin stuns in white mini dress as the pals celebrate New Year's Eve in Hollywood Revealed: Jennifer Lopez quietly turned up to support her new beau Drake at his NYE show in Las Vegas The 47-year-old showed her support Living it up! Jamie Foxx welcomes the new year with a boy's night in Miami Hit 1 Hotel in the South Beach neighbourhood  'This isn't a baby, it's just food': Newly-slim Scarlett Moffatt says friends asked if she was PREGNANT at her heaviest... as she admits she couldn't bare to look at herself naked Jeremy McConnell kisses mystery blonde in steamy NYE clinch... days before anniversary of CBB romance with pregnant ex Stephanie Davis Norman Cook returns home from NYE gig in Italy after a lonely Christmas following split from Zoe Ball... while she celebrates six months of sobriety Louis Tomlinson's ex Briana Jungwirth coos over their giggling son Freddie in old family videos... as she reveals that their baby has taken his first steps Make-up free Chloe Khan shows off natural beauty as well as her famously enhanced assets in racy swimsuit selfie at luxurious London spa Kordell Stewart sends ex Porsha Williams a cease and desist letter after nude video of him is leaked on internet The former NFL star has threatened legal action 'It was like when we first got together': Sherlock's Amanda Abbington admits it was 'weird' revisiting parenting onscreen with now ex Martin Freeman James Corden's wife Julia Carey showcases her incredible physique in chic scalloped swimsuit as they enjoy Barbados sun on festive family jaunt Men only! Geordie Shore's Ricci has BANNED GIRLS from his Instagam account to avoid 'celeb hungry' dates Good luck stalking him! Well, one has to start somewhere! Crown star Claire Foy is seen starring in BBC soap Doctors in her first TV role Got a bit part in 2008 A dip in the (Car)pool! Doting daddy James Corden larks around with son Max on Barbados shore during idyllic New Year getaway A sweet display 'Sun always shines on the righteous': Ring-free Katie Waissel takes thinly-veiled swipe at 'second ex-husband Brian after split' as she turns to CBB co-star Renee Graziano in Miami 'I want my body back!' Vicky Pattison shares titillating swimsuit selfie as she vows to kick 10lbs and cut back on alcohol in the new year Looked smoking hot MTV bad girl Jemma Lucy continues to stun as she goes totally NAKED in sunbed selfie... after simulating sex act in shock Snapchat clip Ex On The Beach star Naomi Campbell, 46, shows off her incredibly ageless physique in barely-there bikini as she rings in 2017 with blissful beach break Still absolutely stunning  'If I'm feeling unsafe, I won't go out': Corrie's Kevin Kennedy reveals the resonating restraints of his alcoholism after 18 years sober 'Do you know what, just pee on the floor':  Rita Ora claims she 'lost thousands on investment into festival urinating device'... as probe into £2.3million fraud swindle rages on Back to cause Big Bother? Divisive Spencer Pratt appears to confirm rumoured CBB return with wife Heidi as he documents boozy arrival in UK 'How we started 2017!' Proud David Beckham shares sweet snap of his family from glamorous beach party in the Maldives... as the stars ring in 2017 'I've felt better': Louis Tomlinson welcomes 2017 with a hungover selfie as he prepares for a new year after his mother's tragic passing Looked worse for wear 'You'd have to be thick to think you'd pose with your dead nan': Geordie Shore fans leap to the defence of grieving Chloe Ferry after she deletes picture with her ailing grandmother  Spice up your NYE! Victoria Beckham joins Mel C on stage to sing their hit tune 2 Become 1 during Maldives celebrations...after snubbing recent band reunion Adam Thomas' fiancée Caroline Daly shows off endless legs beneath slashed jumpsuit as they join his Love Island star twin Scott to ring in 2017 'Mariah's meltdown: Diva botches NYE lip-sync performance and STORMS OFF Times Square stage while crying into mic: 'I wanted a holiday too. Can't I just have one?'  Millie Mackintosh and Hugo Taylor pack on the PDA during blissful break in South Africa...as the bikini-clad beauty displays some painful looking sunburn on her pert posterior Oh no, normal people! Robbie Williams is caught on camera applying hand sanitiser after singing Auld Lang Syne - and looking suitably disgusted  She's got that Super Bass! Katie Price channels rapper Nicki Minaj for NYE bash in buxom bodysuit and hot pink bikini...as she toasts to last night drinking for a year PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Holly Willoughby flashes her fabulous figure in powder blue kaftan during family beach day with husband Daniel Baldwin in Barbados Oozing star quality! Alexa Chung is the belle of the ball in intricate head piece as she toasts the New Year at NYC masquerade ball Fancy dress This is the life! Lauryn Goodman shows off her curves in racy striped bikini as she soaks up the sunshine in Mykonos Lazy sunbathing session Jake Gyllenhaal maintains his toned physique with a New Year's Eve run while on holiday in St. Barts  He surely deserved a vacation Such a cheeky boy! Usher posts photo of 'bonita' wife Grace's bottom as they welcome the New Year in a hot tub Gerard Depardieu displays his portly frame as he strips off his shirt during a hot and sweaty rehearsal for his stage show in Buenos Aires Seas the day! Lizzie Cundy, 46, flaunts her taut stomach and ample cleavage in plunging bikini as she celebrates the New Year in the Maldives Abbey Clancy displays her peachy posterior and lean limbs in a racy high-waist swimsuit as she poses for sun-soaked photoshoot Hitting the beach 'Bad and boujee!' Larsa Pippen showcases her enviable figure in revealing bikini aboard river cruise  Was the display for the benefit of Scottie? Family meal-a! Mila Kunis stocks up on food with hubby Ashton Kutcher and newborn son Dimitri ahead of NYE Rosie O'Donnell calls Trump 'mentally unstable' on Twitter and warns America that there are 'less than three weeks to stop him' Make-up free Nicole Scherzinger displays her sensational beach body in a sun-soaked Hawaiian selfie Shared a stunning bikini-clad selfie from a beach  Well that's one way to worship the sun! Lady Victoria Hervey looks radiant in a vibrant floral maxi dress as she offers her palms to the sky in Barbados Ashley Graham whips off her bikini to pose topless while enjoying sunshine holiday She marked the first day of 2017 with a topless selfie in The Seychelles  Transgender model Hari Nef sizzles in slinky purple gown as she sings sultry cover of Blue Velvet for Love's video advent Single and ready to mingle! Geordie Shore's Marnie Simpson mends broken heart with girls' NYE night out with bodysuit clad pal Chloe Ferry Daring look  Fans outraged as fake Cheryl Twitter account 'confirms' pregnancy...after the singer shares heartfelt New Year's Instagram selfie 'She made disgusting and explicit propositions to my boyfriend': Woman slams Katie Price as she claims her infamous Christmas party flirtations almost caused relationship split  'Hello 2017': Ed Sheeran promises new music in five days' time... as he appears on social media for the first time in 57 weeks Put paid to speculation  The Angels have arrived! Victoria's Secret models Jasmine Tookes, Romee Strijd and Lais Ribeiro sizzle in tiny bikinis while on holiday in Brazil Frankie Essex shows off her toned and tanned figure in racy halter-neck swimsuit and tiny denim shorts as she celebrates two stone weight loss with New Years break Twice as nice! Models Doutzen Kroes and Joan Smalls put on a bikini display as they meet up on Miami Beach Nice view 'The 4 things that I love the most': Madonna spends New Year with son Rocco Ritchie and his siblings as they ring in 2017 together with family ski trip after strained 2016 Kelly Brook flaunts her ample cleavage and toned stomach in a pink printed bikini for sizzling shoot Phenomenal figure 'My life changed forever!' Coco Austin shares snap of the moment she met Ice-T 16 years ago as they celebrate wedding anniversary at New Year's Eve bash Justin Bieber rings in 2017 with medley of hits during poolside performance at historic Fontainebleau Miami Beach He did it in styke '2017 here we go!' Joanna Krupa gets cheeky with a pretty pal as they ring in the New Year in their bikinis Beach babes Fifty Shades Darker teases more steamy sex scenes with new TV ad The 32-second clip features the film's stars in unseen footage. Chloe Khan puts on a VERY busty display as she slips into a sexy bunny costume for eye-popping selfie  Saucy Pregnant Rochelle Humes shows off her blossoming baby bump in a little black dress as she celebrates NYE in the Maldives  Seven months pregnant  Cheeky in Chelsea! Louise Thompson posts racy topless snap before flaunting her enviable abs in a sizzling red bikini from the sun-soaked Maldives Chloe Green suns herself in Miami as her dad Sir Shifty is hoping for time away from BHS pension scandal  Hasn't missed out on topping up her tan Rise and shine! Bikini girl Hilary Duff embraces the new year with surf lesson in Hawaii While many around the world were nursing a hangover A plum start to 2017! Princess Mary rings in the new year dressed in a gold gown and deep purple cape as she joins Prince Frederik for annual banquet She's still got it! Jessica Hart admits she's 'blessed' and 'lucky' to still be modelling swimwear at 30 as she returns to Seafolly after five years Beautiful front and back! Ashley Graham posts rear view topless bikini pic as she enjoys tropical getaway Spending the New Year in The Seychelles SPOILER ALERT: Is Zak Dingle next to be killed in Emmerdale? Lisa Dingle discovers Cain's caravan on fire... with her ex-husband possibly inside 'Her tongue freaks me out!' Jessica Simpson's BFF CaCee Cobb posts silly selfie while celebrating New Year's Eve Sticking it out 'No better way to end 2016': Khloe Kardashian's ex Lamar Odom poses with his kids in first Instagram post since leaving rehab Erica Packer looks glam despite shoulder injury as she enjoys family holiday in St Barts... while her 'ex' Seal hits the ski slopes with Heidi Klum Shirtless Jake Gyllenhaal flaunts hunky physique as he joins bikini-clad pal Greta Caruso in exquisite waters during St. Barths break Blake Lively enjoys low-key New Year's Eve with her Sisterhood Of The Traveling Pants BFF Amber Tamblyn Besties since co-starring in the 2005 movie 'Wonder if I will be cold?' Kate Hudson braves a snowy NYE in Aspen in nothing but lingerie as she parties hard with pal Chelsea Handler Jesy Nelson shows off her ripped abs and ample cleavage as she rings in the New Year with a gal pal... as Jade Thirlwell celebrates with boyfriend Jed Elliott Head over heels! Izabel Goulart does cartwheels on the sand in St Barts Flawless figure and athletic prowess The X Factor's Honey G forgoes her signature hat and glasses as she gives rare glimpse at her face during NYE performance...after her debut single limps into the midweek chart at 149 Blac Chyna and Rob Kardashian put on a united front as they celebrate New Year's Eve together... as she puts her engagement ring back on Jacqui Ryland flashes her underwear in a VERY daring sheer lace mini dress as she parties hard with pal on New Years Eve 'Feliz Año!' Shakira embraces her partner and sons for a festive New Year's message to her fans Out wth footballer Gerard Piqué Dish of the day! Neighbours star Olympia Valance looks to be NAKED while posing with a restaurant menu covering her body as she flashes the flesh on holiday in Bali I'm pregnant! Lauren Conrad reveals baby news with sweet sonogram picture on New Year's Day  First child Charlotte Dawson continues to flash giant diamond ring as she rings in 2017 with a passionate from boyfriend Matt Sarsfield... after sparking engagement rumours Adele and partner Simon Konecki are said to be 'planning a UK wedding after secretly becoming engaged in October' Now that's a Happy New Year! Khloe Kardashian kisses Tristan Thompson as they ring in 2017 together Pucker up Take That Gary! Simon Cowell calls in the lawyers over rival Barlow's new BBC 'X Factor imitation' talent show Let It Shine  That's one passionate midnight kiss! Miley Cyrus shares her New Year's cinch with fiancé Liam Hemsworth as they attend New Year's Eve party with his brother Chris and her mum Tish Blac Chyna shows off post-baby curves in a plunging dress as she heads out to celebrate New Year's Eve Got a lot on her plate Beach babe! Heather Graham, 46, flashes her long legs and toned midriff on trip to Miami with her boyfriend Endless legs 'All is as it should be!' Katy Perry dons surgical mask to see in the New Year with lover Orlando Bloom on Tokyo sidewalk Worried about germs? The No 1 lady detective's New Year resolutions: A truly delightful misadventure starring Precious, Botswana's top sleuth  Jasmine Lennard axed from CBB All Stars series 'for making anti-Muslim comments'... after being replaced by Jasmin Waltz before the show's debut Celebrate good times, c'mon! Amy Adams stocks up on alcohol ahead of New Year's Eve celebration  Party preparations She's smitten! Britney Spears shares cuddly snap after celebrating New Year with new love Sam Asghari The couple seem inseparable 'ISIS claims responsibility for Mariah Carey's performance': Social media mercilessly trashes diva for her epic New Year's Eve meltdown on Times Square stage Bradley Cooper heads out for healthy jog in LA while 'pregnant' girlfriend Irina Shayk spends New Year in her native Russia Settle down, ladies! Now Sheila Hancock, 83, shuns make-up: Actress reveals she didn't wear any during her latest film  She defied producers to be more 'real' on screen '2016 is almost over!' John Legend shares cute snap with Chrissy Teigen on his back as the couple spend New Year's Eve in St. Barts Photogenic couple Thatkiss Neverbeen! Jennifer Lawrence reveals she has never had a New Year's Eve kiss How can that be? 'Hey': Teen Kylie Jenner shows off her curves in green bra and panties as she takes last mirror selfie of 2016 The KUWTK star posed in her bathroom mirror Nicki Minaj shows off her ample assets in plunging silver jumpsuit as she rings in 2017 with Miami gig... after replacing Jennifer Lopez at the last minute 'One of the most eventful and exciting years of my life': Ivanka Trump pays tribute to 2016 as she celebrates New Year's Eve and Hanukkah with her husband and children  'Toddler headbutt!': Jason Biggs starts the New Year with a black eye from two-year-old son Sid He enjoyed his first day of 2017 with a shiner 'I've got so much sh*t on this girl!': Maria Fowler hits back at Danielle Lloyd in candid Snapchat video after the model retweeted a controversial message  SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Olympian Sir Matthew Pinsent's wife is drafted in to boost Kate, William and Harry's charity Paid to instil a work ethic A rumble in the jungle, baby joy and THAT Beau Ryan 'affair': A look at how far Barry Hall and Lauren Brant have come as they prepare for 2017 'Girl power!' Naomi Watts rings in the new year as a single woman... with a bikini trip to Mexico   She's starting the new year as a single woman SPOILER ALERT: Corrie's Maria Connor can barely look at lover Aidan as the jailbird comes face to face with him for the first time since he left her to fight alone in court 'Peace out 2016!' Jessica Alba ends the year exploring Hawaiian rainforests with her loved ones Katie Piper channels the eighties in wild leopard print costume as she attends New Year's Eve fancy dress party with husband Richard Sutton 'Golden New Year with the family!' Chris Hemsworth rings in 2017 with his wife Elsa Pataky, his brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Happy New Year from Hawaii... via Somerset: Peter Andre ushers in 2017 with wife Emily MacDonagh and his children at tropical themed party Bottoms up! Lady Victoria Hervey displays her enviably slender frame and peachy derriere in skimpy blue bikini as she tries her hand at paddle boarding in Barbados 'Cutest thing ever!' Nicole Kidman's surprise 'happy' dance at Keith Urban's NYE show in Nashville thrills fans... but leaves some asking if she's had a bit too much to drink Fergie and Hailee Steinfield flash the flesh in skin flaunting ensembles as they ring in 2017 in style on Dick Clark's New Year's Rockin' Eve 'Thankful': Sofia Vergara looks incredible in strapless dress while vacationing in Bora Bora for husband Joe Manganiello's birthday 'Oh Jesus, this is the best fireworks show ever!' Scott Eastwood gets VERY excited during New Year's Eve celebrations in Sydney Harbour 'So glad 2017 is finally here': Iggy Azalea hoping for 'better vibe' in the New Year after 2016 saw ex-fiancé Nick Young cheat on her, X Factor flop, and Guy Sebastian brand her a 'weirdo' Having an auld lang fine time! Gwen Stefani locks lips with Blake Shelton as they enjoy family New Year's Eve Smooch We can be heroes! Nicole Kidman dances on stage beside hubby Keith Urban as he performs amazing New Year's tribute to 2016's fallen greats  Shanina Shaik sports a racy green dress as she supports DJ Ruckus at a New Year's Eve gig in Miami No stranger to sporting racy ensembles 'Let's do this!' Mariah Carey is carried to the stage by her beau Bryan Tanaka as she preps for New Year's Eve show in Times Square It must be true love! Kylie Jenner gets a lower-case T for Tyga tattoo'd on her ankle... her SIXTH inking so far New Years goals! Doutzen Kroes showcases killer bikini body as she cosies up to husband Sunnery James on beach in Cancun What a Dream day! Blac Chyna begins new year with Rob Kardashian and daughter after dramatic split 'You will survive': MAFS' Zoe Hendrix and Alex Garner reflect on an eventful 2016 which saw them welcome first child after heartbreaking miscarriage 'What a year it's been!': Kris Jenner kicks off New Year's Eve Instagram messages by sharing collage and acknowledging 2016 was rocky William Christopher, best known for his portrayal of Father Mulcahy on the hit 70s TV show M*A*S*H, dies of cancer at age 84 GIRL ABOUT NEW YEAR: Pippa's family are trying to save the pennies as her wedding is set to cost a fortune  The family's online store has launched a sale. GIRL ABOUT NEW YEAR: Star Wars Carrie and her TV hunt for Prince Harry She once led chat show host Graham Norton on a quest to find the Prince GIRL ABOUT NEW YEAR: Heartache as sad Alice starts 2017... with divorce Alice Eve has formally separated from her husband GIRL ABOUT NEW YEAR: Lovelorn Cara's LA dash to rekindle her romance Absence has made the heart grow fonder for supermodel  SPOILER ALERT: EastEnders' Ronnie Mitchell looks grim-faced at wedding to Jack Branning... before making dramatic exit from the show with troubled sister Roxy New Year's Eve party can really begin now - Usain Bolt's arrived! Sprinter flies into UK to celebrate his beloved Manchester United's victory by partying with goalscorer Paul Pogba 'I miss LA': Chloe Lattanzi admits she's homesick after moving from California to Oregon with her fiancé to start a marijuana farm business  'My dude is HOT': Miley Cyrus admires her fiancé Liam Hemsworth as they attend a New Year's Eve party with his brother Chris and wife Elsa Pataky Ending the year on a bang! Reality star Courtney Stodden poses in white lace lingerie as she says 'bye 2016' The Price Is Right! Radio personality Steve Price 'will join Lisa Curry in the South African jungle for I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here!' Victoria's Secret model Megan Williams displays her sensational beach body in a black bikini as she frolics in the ocean in St Barts with her boyfriend  Nicki Minaj displays ample cleavage in sexy Instagram post in wake of deadly shooting outside concert of on-again, off-again beau Meek Mill Emma Forbes, 51, shows off stunning figure in chic scalloped swimsuit as she heads to the beach in Barbados with husband Graham Clempson Denim darling! Jenna Dewan shows off her fit form in a black bodysuit with jeans and leopard print booties while out in LA Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Premium News Sport Business Money Opinion Obituaries Travel Tech & Science Culture Film TV Lifestyle Fashion Luxury Cars Video Christmas Free Mobile App Jobs Financial Services Rewards Events Dating Offers Shop Garden Shop Bookshop Box Office Puzzles Fantasy Football Wine Shop Work at The Telegraph Log out My Account Subscribe Rewards Video Login Register Subscribe Rewards Video Log out Rewards My Account Video Home News Sport Business ALL SECTIONS Business Economy Companies Opinion Markets A-Z Alex Telegraph Connect Events More Telegraph Business European Commission 'exceeded its powers' over Ireland Apple tax ruling Ireland said that the Commission exceeded its powers over Apple tax ruling Credit: AP Isabelle Fraser 19 December 2016 • 12:01am Ireland has accused the European Commission of exceeding its powers in a legal challenge to the ruling that Apple must return billions in unpaid taxes. The Ministry of Finance said that the competition watchdog, which ordered Apple to pay back €13bn, had interfered with its sovereignty. Ireland is appealing the Commission’s ruling which found that the tech giant enjoyed a special deal allowing it to pay 0.0005pc tax in 2014 - 50 euros for every one million of profit. The Irish Department of Finance submission said: "The Commission has exceeded its powers and interfered with national tax sovereignty. Apple tax avoidance graphic "The Commission has no competence, under State aid rules, unilaterally to substitute its own view of the geographic scope and extent of the member state's tax jurisdiction for those of the member state itself. "The purpose of the State aid rules is to tackle State interventions which confer a selective advantage. The State aid rules by their nature cannot remedy mismatches between tax systems on a global level." The Commission's inquiry found that Ireland's treatment of Apple allowed the global brand to avoid taxation on almost all profits generated by sales in the entire European single market. Apple's HQ in Cork Credit: PAUL FAITH/AFP/Getty Images It said this was because Apple recorded all its sales in Ireland rather than in the countries where the products were sold. Ireland argues the important decisions within the Irish branch offices were made in the US so profits deriving from those decisions could not be attributed to Ireland. Apple has had a base in Ireland since 1980 and employs 6,000 people. Apple has also issued a formal appeal against the ruling which it said had “no basis in law”, and said the Commission had failed to prove that Irish-registered Apple Sales International had received special treatment from Ireland. Ireland has decided to appeal against the order that the iPhone maker pay back taxes. The country has structured its economy around attracting multinationals with its low corporate tax rate but left-wing critics have argued accepting the windfall could bring dramatic changes to national coffers during recovery from a recession. The Department of Finance in Dublin added: "The Commission never clearly explained its State aid theory during the investigation, and the decision contains factual findings on which Ireland never had the chance to comment. "The Commission breached the duty of good administration by failing to act impartially and in accordance with its duty of care." A Commission spokesperson said it "will defend its decision in court." Apple tax row Follow Telegraph Business READ MORE ABOUT: Euro European Commission Ireland Apple Show more Business latest 02 Jan 2017, 10:15pm Welsh pension pool starts hunt for outside managers 02 Jan 2017, 10:14pm Comment: Ask John: My business resolution for 2017? Show kindness John Timpson Premium 02 Jan 2017, 10:09pm Meet the brains at Uber, Spotify and Microsoft changing the world 02 Jan 2017, 10:00pm British businesses 'lack export ambitions' in wake of Brexit vote 02 Jan 2017, 10:00pm Business rates hike will put up prices in shops, experts warn 02 Jan 2017, 9:32pm Comment: Businesses should resolve to shape up for 2017 too Matthew Lynn Premium 02 Jan 2017, 8:59pm Landlords fear another crackdown on buy-to-let property investment 02 Jan 2017, 8:00pm WH Smith boss opens up about mental health, coming out and the retailer's 225 year anniversary in first ever interview 02 Jan 2017, 5:24pm Engie chief sets out UK expansion plans 02 Jan 2017, 4:40pm Comment: Article 50 is the prism through which this year must be seen Jeremy Warner Premium 02 Jan 2017, 3:23pm Fears of a 'massive' global property price fall amid 'dangerous' conditions and market slow-down 02 Jan 2017, 1:40pm Eurozone growth picks up pace to end 2016 on a high 02 Jan 2017, 10:46am Comment: Trump, interest rates and Chinese panic: Why euphoria could turn to a credit crunch in 2017 Ambrose Evans-Pritchard Premium 02 Jan 2017, 7:00am Singapore and Hong Kong gain ground as rising currency trading rivals to London 02 Jan 2017, 6:00am Wage growth set to return in 2017 02 Jan 2017, 6:00am Luxury vodka market grows with the spirit of authenticity 02 Jan 2017, 6:00am Court rejects Russian extradition bid 01 Jan 2017, 8:00pm Fine wine index raises a toast to Brexit after biggest gains in six years 01 Jan 2017, 7:00pm Comment: I fervently hope UK exports aren’t put at risk by the eurozone  Roger Bootle Premium 01 Jan 2017, 7:00pm Blown over: QinetiQ baffles radar with 'stealth' wind turbines   01 Jan 2017, 6:59am The political earthquakes which could shake Europe's economy this year Premium If you would like to add a comment, please register or log in Register Log in Contact us Rewards Archive Reader Prints Advertising Syndication Guidelines Privacy Terms and Conditions Leave your feedback © Telegraph Media Group Limited 2017 Your support makes a big difference In order to bring you award-winning content and investigative journalism from your favourite writers, we rely on revenue generated by advertising. Please consider supporting us by turning off your ad blocker. Just a couple of clicks will make a big difference. Thank you. Need help? Click here for instructions Close
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Tuesday, January 03, 2017 11:06 am GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 27°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money Ireland accuses EU of exceeding power in Apple tax case Monday December 19, 2016 08:04 AM GMT+8 ICYMI The Edit: Startups take aim at drones The Edit: SKYACTIV ‘Jinba Ittai’ — being at one with your Mazda The Edit: ‘Sherlock’ opener pulls 8.1 million The Edit: Volvo overtaken in Sweden Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article An Apple logo is seen in the window of an authorised apple reseller store in Galway, Ireland August 30, 2016. ― Reuters picDUBLIN, Dec 19 — Ireland accused the European Commission today of exceeding its powers and interfering with the EU member’s national sovereignty over tax affairs in ruling that Apple owes Dublin billions of euros in taxes, saying it had failed to give proper reasons for its decision. In September the Irish government agreed to join with Apple in appealing against the Commission’s order that the US company must pay Dublin up to €13 billion (RM60.8 billion) after ruling the firm had received illegal state aid in avoiding paying such taxes. Today both Ireland and Apple laid out the legal arguments that would form the basis of their appeals. “The Commission has manifestly breached its duty to provide a clear and unequivocal statement of reasons in its decision, in relying simultaneously on grossly divergent factual scenarios, in contradicting itself as to the source of the rule that Ireland is said to have breached, and in suggesting that Ireland granted aid in relation to profits taxable in other jurisdictions,” the Irish government said in a statement. Dublin, which is seeking to protect a tax regime that has helped attract multinational companies that employ around 10 per cent of the country’s workforce, listed a number of areas where it believed the commission had misapplied tax rules. Firstly, it said Apple’s subsidiaries did not receive special treatment in the 1991 and 2007 tax opinions at the centre of the case, and that the company’s treatment did not depart from normal taxation, the statement said. It then said the commission had overstated the level of profits attributable to Apple subsidiaries Apple Sales International and Apple Operations Europe. It said important decisions within the companies were made in the United States and the profits derived from these decisions were not properly attributable to them. “The Commission’s attribution of Apple’s intellectual property licences to the Irish branches of Apple Operations Europe and Apple Sales International is not consistent with Irish law,” it said. The Irish government said the Commission had incorrectly applied the “arm’s length” principle, according to which individual group members of a multinational enterprise must be taxed on the basis that they act at arm’s length in their dealings with each other. And it said the Commission “failed to act impartially and in accordance with its duty of care” because it did not “clearly explain” its state aid theory during the investigation. The European Commission is expected to shortly publish a more detailed version of its ruling against Apple. — Reuters                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Singapore Q4 GDP beats forecasts as manufacturing rebounds ANZ to sell stake in Shanghai Rural Commercial Bank for A$1.8b Twitter China head Kathy Chen leaves company Oil prices rise as markets eye production cuts Brazil logs record trade surplus despite troubles Bank Negara takes action against firm over ringgit trade World’s highest-paid expats toil in land of fondue and watches Ringgit to stay under pressure on US interest rate rise Chinese firms ordered to pay Disney, Pixar US$194,000 for copying ‘Cars’ Bursa Malaysia ends higher Most Watched Now Week MMOTV: SKYACTIV Technologies — reason for renewed Mazda popularity Reuters Video: Israel's Netanyahu dismisses media reports of gifts investigation Reuters Video: Around 60 killed in Brazil prison riot HD video of earth from space will make your heart ache Reuters Video: Carrie Fisher, Debbie Reynolds remembered in LA Reuters Video: Nunes stuns challenger Rousey with first-round title win Related Articles Nokia sues Apple for infringing patents, industry back on war footing Apple appeals landmark EU tax ruling EU pivots away from distorted energy markets toward gas Apple thief finally nabbed Apple AirPod headphones available for sale after 2-month delay Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Ireland accuses EU of exceeding power in Apple tax case By Reuters Published: 19:01 EST, 18 December 2016 | Updated: 19:01 EST, 18 December 2016 e-mail DUBLIN, Dec 19 (Reuters) - Ireland accused the European Commission on Monday of exceeding its powers and interfering with the EU member's national sovereignty over tax affairs in ruling that Apple owes Dublin billions of euros in taxes, saying it had failed to give proper reasons for its decision. In September the Irish government agreed to join with Apple in appealing against the Commission's order that the U.S. company must pay Dublin up to 13 billion euros ($14 billion) after ruling the firm had received illegal state aid in avoiding paying such taxes. On Monday both Ireland and Apple laid out the legal arguments that would form the basis of their appeals. "The Commission has manifestly breached its duty to provide a clear and unequivocal statement of reasons in its decision, in relying simultaneously on grossly divergent factual scenarios, in contradicting itself as to the source of the rule that Ireland is said to have breached, and in suggesting that Ireland granted aid in relation to profits taxable in other jurisdictions," the Irish government said in a statement. Dublin, which is seeking to protect a tax regime that has helped attract multinational companies that employ around 10 percent of the country's workforce, listed a number of areas where it believed the commission had misapplied tax rules. Firstly, it said Apple's subsidiaries did not receive special treatment in the 1991 and 2007 tax opinions at the centre of the case, and that the company's treatment did not depart from normal taxation, the statement said. It then said the commission had overstated the level of profits attributable to Apple subsidiaries Apple Sales International and Apple Operations Europe. It said important decisions within the companies were made in the United States and the profits derived from these decisions were not properly attributable to them. "The Commission's attribution of Apple's intellectual property licences to the Irish branches of Apple Operations Europe and Apple Sales International is not consistent with Irish law," it said. The Irish government said the Commission had incorrectly applied the "arm's length" principle, according to which individual group members of a multinational enterprise must be taxed on the basis that they act at arm's length in their dealings with each other. And it said the Commission "failed to act impartially and in accordance with its duty of care" because it did not "clearly explain" its state aid theory during the investigation. The European Commission is expected to shortly publish a more detailed version of its ruling against Apple. ($1 = 0.9574 euros) (Reporting by Conor Humphries; Editing by Greg Mahlich) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Jack Branning is left devastated on EastEnders after discovering wife Ronnie has drowned... as fans are left in tears by the Mitchell sisters' death  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Angelina Jolie takes sweet twins Vivienne and Knox and daughter Shiloh for ice cream during Colorado ski trip... without Brad Susanna Reid, 46, is flooded with compliments as she bravely posts barefaced 'blemishes, lines and flaws' selfie next to filtered make-up snap Are you wheel-y sure you want to do that, Wiggo? Bradley Wiggins signs up for The Jump... days after retiring from professional cycling Hope he's insured Daisy Lowe looks scorching in a pale pink cutaway bikini as she flaunts her Strictly weight loss on Miami beach Looks stunning Daisy Lowe shows off her kooky sense of style on holiday as she pairs a skimpy white bikini with trainers She seemed in particularly high spirits 'I lost half a stone in two weeks eating M&S ready meals!' We challenged two women to try what might be the easiest diet EVER! SPONSORED Bella Thorne flaunts pert derriere in a tiny bikini on holiday in the Bahamas... and even covers herself in body glitter Absolutely stunning 'Losing a child never leaves you': Kym Marsh admits Corrie stillbirth was 'heartbreaking' eight years after losing own baby - as she poses with daughter Polly, five 'He's not bothered': Michelle Keegan insists husband Mark Wright is unfazed by steamy sex scenes... after admitting they 'talk through' her roles Can Mel and Sue keep Ant and Dec from 16th TV Presenter of the Year gong? Departing Bake Off favourites leave on a high as they lead National Television Awards nominations PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Angelina Jolie hits the slopes with her kids during Colorado ski trip... as she enjoys NYE getaway in wake of Brad Pitt split  Doutzen Kroes displays model figure in cropped top and tiny shorts while hitting beach in Miami with family Looking ssssexy! TOWIE's Kate Wright shows off her eye-popping assets in snakeskin swimsuit as she continues to wow during Dubai break 'The hard grafting has paid off'! MIC's Louise Thompson poses in a nude bikini... before being launched into the air by her burly beau Ryan in the Maldives PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Wild thing Daisy Lowe wears her leopard-print bra to the beach as she cosies up to handsome mystery man on the beach in Miami Weed belong together: Mariah Carey spotted heading into a marijuana dispensary on Christmas Eve, just one week before her Times Square meltdown  Trouble in paradise? Nicole Kidman and Keith Urban 'had a red carpet argument' at her Lion premiere in Sydney just days before dancing up a storm on stage on NYE Rich Kids of Instagram's Lana Scolaro loses her bikini top on sunshine break in St Barts... after shooting to fame with THAT Robin Thicke snap EastEnders star Samantha Womack sparks Twitter frenzy as she tweets about enjoying a swim... just hours after her character drowned  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Shirtless former Strictly pro Gleb Savchenko displays his rippling abs as he packs on the PDA with wife Elena on Miami beach 'I'm gonna smash it!' Lauren Goodger slips into lingerie for pre-weight loss selfie before filming derriere during workout... as she vows to regain her 'big butt' in 2017 Kourtney Kardashian and Scott Disick put on a united front in Aspen as they pose on their private jet They split up in summer 2015 'Need a decorator's number?' Little Mix's Jesy Nelson is inundated with interior advice from fans after they're left shocked by her Instagram snap Wat-son your screen, Dr? Sherlock viewers left scratching their heads by epic blunder... as series return draws in best audience of New Year's Day Full of 1940s intrigue and sex, Halcyon is Downton if the butler had an evil streak! As ITV unveils its wartime blockbuster, our critic CHRISTOPHER STEVENS is gripped Downton Abbey in a hotel - with jazz, Nazis, and a less handsome Night Manager who stuck to his day job... The Halcyon was not a place you'd want to stay, by JIM SHELLEY X Factor runner-up Rebecca Ferguson 'graciously accepts' invitation to sing at  inauguration of Donald Trump... if she can perform track protesting against racism The pathologist's corpses were more lifelike than this twaddle: Christopher Stevens reviews last night's TV  Always looks like she's on her way to an awards Fit couple! Mark Wahlberg shows off sculpted body while wife Rhea Durham is red hot in bikini on holiday in Barbados Super buff Still on! Jennifer Lawrence, 26, enjoys romantic New Year's Eve stroll with boyfriend Darren Aronofsky, 47 Looked like a picture-perfect couple Lizzie Cundy, 46, negotiates risqué red swimsuit while throwing herself enthusiastically into beachside ball games during Maldives getaway Star in stripes: Natalie Portman keeps it comfortable in patterned top and hoodie while on morning walk in LA Appeared quite far along as she stepped out Strictly's Janette Manrara flaunts taut physique in skimpy pink bikini as she joins co-star fiancé Alja korjanec and his ex-dance partner Daisy Lowe on Miami beach Burr-illiant! Vlogger Tanya debuts new bob and shows off enviable curves in animal print swimsuit during idyllic holiday in the Maldives Lucky woman 'It was definitely the most traumatic year of my life': Charlotte Crosby reveals she is glad 2016 is over... after ectopic pregnancy and split from Gaz Beadle Calum Best touches down in London ahead of rumoured Celebrity Big Brother stint... where he is set to reunite with former flame Bianca Gascoigne The look of love! Margot Robbie beams as she arrives back in LA with new husband Tom Ackerley... after tying the knot in secret ceremony in Australia Newly-engaged Serena Williams flashes her ring as she steps out with her Reddit co-founder fiance Alexis Ohanian in New Zealand Proposed last week All tied up! TOWIE;s Kate Wright sizzles in plunging bondage inspired khaki bikini as she soaks up the sun in Dubai  On a girls' break  Avert your eyes! Braless Lisa Appleton, 48, leaves NOTHING to the imagination in raunchy lace dress during wild night out in Manchester Nicola McLean, Spencer Pratt and Stevi Ritchie arrive at their hotel as they prepare to make their Celebrity Big Brother return for all star series Izabel Goulart flaunts her supermodel figure in TINY crochet bikini as she frolics on the beach in St Barts  Every inch the Brazilian bombshell  Bonding time! Nicola Peltz rocks a black bikini as she hugs her brother Will on family holiday together In an idyllic Instagram photo Margot Robbie stuns in a leopard print one piece as she cosies up to new husband Tom Ackerley at the beach with friends... after secretly tying the knot Newly-single Katie Waissel hits Miami beach with another male pal in Miami... weeks after splitting from second husband Brian Moote Keeping her on her toes! Chrissy Teigen shows off legs in LBD as she does impressive plié while carrying baby Luna Impressive skills Pregnant Rochelle Humes flaunts her blossoming baby bump in chic black swimsuit in the Maldives before sharing a bath with daughter Alaia-Mai 'Time to start a new year being happy, healthy and ambitious': Katie Price praises husband Keiran Hayler and kids as she vows to give up alcohol Love's young dream: Elle Fanning enjoys giggly lunch date with boyfriend Dylan Beck The 18-year-old couldn't control her laughter while in a black jumpsuit MIC's Frankie Gaff shares racy belfie as she and Jamie Laing pack on the PDA during break in Dubai... leaving their relationship woes firmly behind them 'Private pool suits me just fine!' Ashley Graham shows off her hourglass curves in racy white swimsuit as she takes a dip in the Seychelles Susan Sarandon's daughter Eva Amurri Martino reveals baby son suffered a cracked skull after a night nurse dropped him Now battling depression New year, new nails! Tobey Maguire's ex Jennifer Meyer makes manicure her priority at start of 2017 She dressed in ripped jeans Billie Lourd breaks her silence with moving tribute to mother Carrie Fisher and grandmother Debbie Reynolds The 24-year-old actress posted a picture Sara Sampaio flaunts her trim figure and pert posterior in pretty print swimsuit as she enjoys a sunbathing session on Mexican holiday Positively heaven sent  Ronnie and Roxy Mitchell suffer ANOTHER grisly fate in alternate ending for EastEnders New Year episode... after fans praise the duo's exit  Stella McCartney covers up in a floaty kaftan as she enjoys romantic beach stroll with husband Alasdhair Willis in St Barts Festive family trip  Fifi Box's ex Grant Kenny 'devastated' after the actress 'spends the night' with her Neighbours co-star and new love Damien Richardson  Reunited! Julianne Hough goes makeup free in an adorable family selfie with fiancé Brooks Laich and their fur babies Lexi and Harley Bianca Gascoigne shows off her ample assets in orange sequin bikini as she hits the water in sunny Mexico ahead of her Celebrity Big Brother debut Rebecca Romijn flaunts rock hard abs at 44 while on holiday with husband Jerry O'Connell and twin daughters Rebecca Romijn had no problems showing it off 'He said I was a lousy lay': A victim of Tony Curtis's vile gossip, in her own words, how screen legend DEBBIE REYNOLDS was abused in Hollywood   Happy New Rear! Danielle Lloyd showcases her toned curves in a red-hot swimsuit as she soaks up some winter sun in Dubai Rooney prostitute Jenny Thompson flaunts her legs in red playsuit as fellow EOTB newbie Zara Jackson gets racy in lace on a night out in Manchester She's red hot! Gwen Stefani unveiled as new face of Revlon  Her trademark bright red lipstick was in evidence as she was named brand ambassador Gemma Oaten displays her taut abs in steamy New Year's underwear selfie as she puts dramatic romance with presenter Nick Knowles behind her Two weeks to go! Sasha and Malia return from Hawaii with their parents after their last family vacation aboard Air Force One Saw his grandad's grave Taking a gamble on love? Jennifer Lopez and Drake hit high-roller tables in Vegas together after she supports him at NYE gig At MGM Grand casino Celebrity Big Brother tipped to be the 'sexiest yet' as show bosses make smaller beds to 'encourage intimacy' between housemates Starts this week Down she goes! Josie Gibson winces in pain as she takes a tumble on her skis during practice session for new series of injury-stricken show The Jump Pregnant Ciara posts cute photos of her baby bump as she rings in 2017 with her growing family Expecting her second child  Coffee date! Vanessa Hudgens rocks cropped sweater and extremely tight trousers during outing with boyfriend Austin Butler Both in Studio City  'He really wanted to be in the movie': Robin Williams was turned down for iconic Hagrid role in Harry Potter franchise because he wasn't British Unlikely pals Tallia Storm, 18, and Chris Evans, 50, enjoy beach day as they see in the New Year with their families in Barbados Firm friendship Patrick Schwarzenegger hits pool as he takes girlfriend Abby Champion on family holiday in Mexico with Maria Shriver Dick Clark Productions slams Mariah Carey's accusations of sabotage as 'frankly absurd' after diva's epic lip syncing meltdown she blamed on faulty earpiece  'The loneliness became desperate': Kate Bush describes 'cruel' bullying during her teenage years at Catholic girls' school in newly resurfaced essay Hilary Duff parades her toned pins in skimpy bikini bottoms as she tries her hand at surfing during New Year's break to Hawaii Surf's up New year, old pals! Jonah Hill and Michael Cera enjoy low-key Superbad reunion ten years on  Enjoyed a stroll in SoHo district of Manhattan Bernie Ecclestone, 86, and wife Fabiana Flosi, 38, explore Gstaad as they ring in the New Year with the family in Switzerland Winter wonderland  Frances Bean Cobain's battle to get ex to return her late father Kurt Cobain's priceless guitar is heading for a multi-million dollar court case Just another day in paradise! MIC's Louise Thompson and Ryan Libbey show off toned beach bodies as they enjoy a snorkel trip in the Maldives 'I'm heartbroken': Fans devastated by Sherlock episode as Amanda Abbington takes a bullet after her real-life split from on-screen husband Martin Freeman Conor McGregor looks sharp in suit at sister Aoife's wedding in Ireland... as the UFC superstar continues to enjoy his break from the octagon Nude ambition! Kady McDermott goes underwear-free in slinky salmon dress as she attends Love Island party with leggy Rachel Fenton Billie Piper goes incognito in oversized denim jacket during casual stroll in London... as ex-husband Laurence Fox talks first Christmas alone Newly-single Katie Waissel cosies up to a mystery man in Miami... weeks after splitting from second husband Brian Moote Marriage lasted a year 'Jumping into 2017 like': Karlie Kloss bares flat midriff in bikini as she leaps into the Caribbean In the celebrity haven on St Barths Feeling fruity! Lucy Watson shows off her Barbados tan in a mismatched bikini as she kicks back on inflatable pineapple with shirtless beau James Lauren Goodger parties with jailbird boyfriend's sister for New Year's Eve as she vows to quit booze for a month Getting close to 'in-laws' In the swim! Naomi Watts enjoys the warm waters off Cancun with sons during New Year's family getaway The actress, 48, donned a turquoise swimsuit 'Guess you f****d my missus!' Jeremy McConnell accused of sleeping with a fan's girlfriend... as pregnant ex Stephanie Davis prepares for due date That's what girlfriends are for! Katie Salmon helps new squeeze Dani avoid an embarrassing nip slip as they put on a loved-up display in Manchester Georgia May Jagger rocks wild leopard print lingerie and sparkling bling as she writhes around in bed for LOVE's Video Advent A walk on the wild side  Hilary Duff shows off her toned torso in a bikini as she larks around with son Luca in the Hawaii surf The tot held his famous mother's hand CHRISTOPHER STEVENS: Sherlock's now so clever-clever, it's stupid  The Mail's critic pans the New Year's Day special and awards it one star 'It's not a set thing': Ben Affleck won't direct his Batman standalone if it doesn't come together to his liking The 44-year-old actor is picky about his projects Glowing Holly Willoughby looks sun-kissed as she enjoys romantic beach stroll with shirtless husband Dan Baldwin in Barbados She sings! Gisele Bundchen performs sweet track while strumming the guitar by pool in new video Clearly a woman of many talents  Ex On The Beach's Jemma Lucy flashes her pert derriere in skimpy purple T-shirt... after going totally NAKED in saucy sunbed selfie Making resolutions! Rob Kardashian works up a sweat on a two-hour trek with Blac Chyna... days after health scare left him hospitalised George Michael's lover Fadi Fawaz reveals the singer died alone after he slept in his car and denies posting tweets saying star had tried to kill himself many times  Newly single Bella Thorne enjoys NYE smooch with model pal Kyra Santoro as she rings in 2017 with her girlfriends in the Bahamas Lea Michele lays her naked ambition bare as she poses for racy New Year snap Completely nude except for an animated frond pasted over her derrière Now that's one way to RING in the New Year! Ashley Greene flaunts her engagement bling as she celebrates 2017 in Sydney with new fiancé Paul Khoury Lisa Snowdon, 44, showcases her ample assets as she slips into a plunging blue bikini in saucy throwback snap from Down Under Bikini babe  'Get your happy a**es home!': Kim Zolciak misses daughter Brielle Biermann and beau Michael Kopech as they enjoy getaway in Niagara Falls Shameless actress Tina Malone calls in police after abuse from Twitter trolls body-shaming her for weight loss Shameless star 'upset' 'The best way to start 2017': Jessica Alba soaks up the sun in a bikini as she and her daughters celebrate the New Year on Hawaiian beach Meghan the budding star: Actress poses for series of publicity photos after landing a role in daytime TV show 13 years before she met Prince Harry  'Stand strong and move forward!' Nicole Scherzinger flaunts her phenomenal bikini body as she shares her New Year's resolve from Hawaii 'Men think they are there for pleasure': Alicia Douvall says her bum implants have ruined her sex life... and is undecided about ditching leaking lifts Jeremy Clarkson's VERY racy party girls: Grand Tour star is pictured with a host of society's most eligible women at New Year's Eve party  Lizzie Cundy, 46, shows off her tanned and toned figure in sizzling cut-out monokini as she hits the beach during idyllic Maldives getaway Mariah Carey kisses Bryan Tanaka in preview clip of reality show after he pops out of cake and gives lap dance Preview of her new show Ashley James flaunts her enviably toned abs in series of sizzling skimpy bikinis as she soaks up the sun during exotic break in Gambia Iconic duo Ronnie and Roxy Mitchell meet 'sad but beautiful' end on EastEnders as they drown in New Year's Day special Fans praised acting Tired of the beach? Covered up Ashley Olsen, 30, caresses shirtless beau Richard Sachs, 58, during trail hike in St. Barts This is the life 'Boy crazy!' Ellen Pompeo cradles her newborn son Eli as she dances around her kitchen Became a mum for the third time in December Steps girls Claire Richards, Faye Tozer and Lisa Scott Lee amp up the glamour in glittering ensembles as the band reunite for NYE gig at London's G-A-Y 'Happiest New Year!' Bella Hadid shares selfie blowing on party horn as she rings in 2017 with Kendall Jenner and Jordyn Woods 'Sad when bae leaves': Ariel Winter, 18, pouts over absent Levi Meaden,29... after ringing in New Year with a kiss Sulky Snapchat  Would you dare to wear a FIDDLER CAP? Bella Hadid signals that the formerly naff accessory is making an unlikely comeback for 2017  'Counting my blessings': Karlie Kloss winks as she shows off her famous figure in black bikini in St Barts Showing off her model body Rogue One takes $64M over New Year weekend to become the US's second highest grossing film of 2016... as Disney sweeps year-end top three Chip off the old block! Brooklyn Beckham theatrically dives from boat as holiday break in Maldives continues He's got skills! 'Bodies of every size': Lena Dunham bares cleavage in lingerie for New Year's Day photo-shoot Sending a message with racy shot 'Partner in life!' Rachel Zoe and Rodger Berman share NYE kiss as they celebrate 25 years together Midnight smooch They tied the knot! UnREAL cco-stars Johanna Braddy and Freddie Stroma start 2017 as newlyweds They had been dating since meeting in 2015 'Nose problems': Marco Pierre White Jr shares second horrifying nosebleed in days on Snapchat... after hinting they were caused by drug use If you've got it... Chloe Ferry flashes her derriere as she joins the scantily-clad Geordie Shore girls for raucous NYE pool party at Charlotte Crosby's lavish mansion Hard day's twerk! Bella Thorne dances on the back of a truck in the Bahamas Spent a bit of New Year's Day twerking on a stationary truck  'I love my man!' Jessica Simpson shares sultry couple shot with husband Eric Johnson New Year, same handsome beau Bod Jovi! Shirtless Jon Bon Jovi, 54, shows off his impressive physique as he goes for a dip in St Barths It seems he has looked good, always '1st selfie of the new year!' Ciara shares a picture of her growing bump as she supports her man at NFL game Nw baby on the way in 2017 Andrew Garfield cheers on the Los Angeles Lakers courtside as awards season looms for Hacksaw Ridge star Sports fan Victoria's Secret stunner Bridget Malcolm flashes underboob as she poses TOPLESS on a disco ball to celebrate 2017 in sexy Playboy shoot 'I wish everyone this kind of love!' Kelly Clarkson plants a kiss on son Remington for New Year's greeting Gave birth on April 12, 2016 'They're perky!': Cynthia Bailey takes RHOA castmates to her breast exam... and lets them squeeze her implants Could never be accused of being shy  Check out My Lean physique! Busty Myleene Klass flaunts her famed bikini body in TINY two-piece during festive family Sri Lanka trip She looked incredible Trying to impress? Ansel Elgort enjoys a shirtless workout... as girlfriend Violetta Komyshan looks on Enjoyed a productive New Year's Day Party time! Kendall Jenner steps out in black negligee while Hailey Baldwin stuns in white mini dress as the pals celebrate New Year's Eve in Hollywood Revealed: Jennifer Lopez quietly turned up to support her new beau Drake at his NYE show in Las Vegas The 47-year-old showed her support Living it up! Jamie Foxx welcomes the new year with a boy's night in Miami Hit 1 Hotel in the South Beach neighbourhood  'This isn't a baby, it's just food': Newly-slim Scarlett Moffatt says friends asked if she was PREGNANT at her heaviest... as she admits she couldn't bare to look at herself naked Jeremy McConnell kisses mystery blonde in steamy NYE clinch... days before anniversary of CBB romance with pregnant ex Stephanie Davis Norman Cook returns home from NYE gig in Italy after a lonely Christmas following split from Zoe Ball... while she celebrates six months of sobriety Louis Tomlinson's ex Briana Jungwirth coos over their giggling son Freddie in old family videos... as she reveals that their baby has taken his first steps Make-up free Chloe Khan shows off natural beauty as well as her famously enhanced assets in racy swimsuit selfie at luxurious London spa Kordell Stewart sends ex Porsha Williams a cease and desist letter after nude video of him is leaked on internet The former NFL star has threatened legal action 'It was like when we first got together': Sherlock's Amanda Abbington admits it was 'weird' revisiting parenting onscreen with now ex Martin Freeman James Corden's wife Julia Carey showcases her incredible physique in chic scalloped swimsuit as they enjoy Barbados sun on festive family jaunt Men only! Geordie Shore's Ricci has BANNED GIRLS from his Instagam account to avoid 'celeb hungry' dates Good luck stalking him! Well, one has to start somewhere! Crown star Claire Foy is seen starring in BBC soap Doctors in her first TV role Got a bit part in 2008 A dip in the (Car)pool! Doting daddy James Corden larks around with son Max on Barbados shore during idyllic New Year getaway A sweet display 'Sun always shines on the righteous': Ring-free Katie Waissel takes thinly-veiled swipe at 'second ex-husband Brian after split' as she turns to CBB co-star Renee Graziano in Miami 'I want my body back!' Vicky Pattison shares titillating swimsuit selfie as she vows to kick 10lbs and cut back on alcohol in the new year Looked smoking hot MTV bad girl Jemma Lucy continues to stun as she goes totally NAKED in sunbed selfie... after simulating sex act in shock Snapchat clip Ex On The Beach star Naomi Campbell, 46, shows off her incredibly ageless physique in barely-there bikini as she rings in 2017 with blissful beach break Still absolutely stunning  'If I'm feeling unsafe, I won't go out': Corrie's Kevin Kennedy reveals the resonating restraints of his alcoholism after 18 years sober 'Do you know what, just pee on the floor':  Rita Ora claims she 'lost thousands on investment into festival urinating device'... as probe into £2.3million fraud swindle rages on Back to cause Big Bother? Divisive Spencer Pratt appears to confirm rumoured CBB return with wife Heidi as he documents boozy arrival in UK 'How we started 2017!' Proud David Beckham shares sweet snap of his family from glamorous beach party in the Maldives... as the stars ring in 2017 'I've felt better': Louis Tomlinson welcomes 2017 with a hungover selfie as he prepares for a new year after his mother's tragic passing Looked worse for wear 'You'd have to be thick to think you'd pose with your dead nan': Geordie Shore fans leap to the defence of grieving Chloe Ferry after she deletes picture with her ailing grandmother  Spice up your NYE! Victoria Beckham joins Mel C on stage to sing their hit tune 2 Become 1 during Maldives celebrations...after snubbing recent band reunion Adam Thomas' fiancée Caroline Daly shows off endless legs beneath slashed jumpsuit as they join his Love Island star twin Scott to ring in 2017 'Mariah's meltdown: Diva botches NYE lip-sync performance and STORMS OFF Times Square stage while crying into mic: 'I wanted a holiday too. Can't I just have one?'  Millie Mackintosh and Hugo Taylor pack on the PDA during blissful break in South Africa...as the bikini-clad beauty displays some painful looking sunburn on her pert posterior Oh no, normal people! Robbie Williams is caught on camera applying hand sanitiser after singing Auld Lang Syne - and looking suitably disgusted  She's got that Super Bass! Katie Price channels rapper Nicki Minaj for NYE bash in buxom bodysuit and hot pink bikini...as she toasts to last night drinking for a year PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Holly Willoughby flashes her fabulous figure in powder blue kaftan during family beach day with husband Daniel Baldwin in Barbados Oozing star quality! Alexa Chung is the belle of the ball in intricate head piece as she toasts the New Year at NYC masquerade ball Fancy dress This is the life! Lauryn Goodman shows off her curves in racy striped bikini as she soaks up the sunshine in Mykonos Lazy sunbathing session Jake Gyllenhaal maintains his toned physique with a New Year's Eve run while on holiday in St. Barts  He surely deserved a vacation Such a cheeky boy! Usher posts photo of 'bonita' wife Grace's bottom as they welcome the New Year in a hot tub Gerard Depardieu displays his portly frame as he strips off his shirt during a hot and sweaty rehearsal for his stage show in Buenos Aires Seas the day! Lizzie Cundy, 46, flaunts her taut stomach and ample cleavage in plunging bikini as she celebrates the New Year in the Maldives Abbey Clancy displays her peachy posterior and lean limbs in a racy high-waist swimsuit as she poses for sun-soaked photoshoot Hitting the beach 'Bad and boujee!' Larsa Pippen showcases her enviable figure in revealing bikini aboard river cruise  Was the display for the benefit of Scottie? Family meal-a! Mila Kunis stocks up on food with hubby Ashton Kutcher and newborn son Dimitri ahead of NYE Rosie O'Donnell calls Trump 'mentally unstable' on Twitter and warns America that there are 'less than three weeks to stop him' Make-up free Nicole Scherzinger displays her sensational beach body in a sun-soaked Hawaiian selfie Shared a stunning bikini-clad selfie from a beach  Well that's one way to worship the sun! Lady Victoria Hervey looks radiant in a vibrant floral maxi dress as she offers her palms to the sky in Barbados Ashley Graham whips off her bikini to pose topless while enjoying sunshine holiday She marked the first day of 2017 with a topless selfie in The Seychelles  Transgender model Hari Nef sizzles in slinky purple gown as she sings sultry cover of Blue Velvet for Love's video advent Single and ready to mingle! Geordie Shore's Marnie Simpson mends broken heart with girls' NYE night out with bodysuit clad pal Chloe Ferry Daring look  Fans outraged as fake Cheryl Twitter account 'confirms' pregnancy...after the singer shares heartfelt New Year's Instagram selfie 'She made disgusting and explicit propositions to my boyfriend': Woman slams Katie Price as she claims her infamous Christmas party flirtations almost caused relationship split  'Hello 2017': Ed Sheeran promises new music in five days' time... as he appears on social media for the first time in 57 weeks Put paid to speculation  The Angels have arrived! Victoria's Secret models Jasmine Tookes, Romee Strijd and Lais Ribeiro sizzle in tiny bikinis while on holiday in Brazil Frankie Essex shows off her toned and tanned figure in racy halter-neck swimsuit and tiny denim shorts as she celebrates two stone weight loss with New Years break Twice as nice! Models Doutzen Kroes and Joan Smalls put on a bikini display as they meet up on Miami Beach Nice view 'The 4 things that I love the most': Madonna spends New Year with son Rocco Ritchie and his siblings as they ring in 2017 together with family ski trip after strained 2016 Kelly Brook flaunts her ample cleavage and toned stomach in a pink printed bikini for sizzling shoot Phenomenal figure 'My life changed forever!' Coco Austin shares snap of the moment she met Ice-T 16 years ago as they celebrate wedding anniversary at New Year's Eve bash Justin Bieber rings in 2017 with medley of hits during poolside performance at historic Fontainebleau Miami Beach He did it in styke '2017 here we go!' Joanna Krupa gets cheeky with a pretty pal as they ring in the New Year in their bikinis Beach babes Fifty Shades Darker teases more steamy sex scenes with new TV ad The 32-second clip features the film's stars in unseen footage. Chloe Khan puts on a VERY busty display as she slips into a sexy bunny costume for eye-popping selfie  Saucy Pregnant Rochelle Humes shows off her blossoming baby bump in a little black dress as she celebrates NYE in the Maldives  Seven months pregnant  Cheeky in Chelsea! Louise Thompson posts racy topless snap before flaunting her enviable abs in a sizzling red bikini from the sun-soaked Maldives Chloe Green suns herself in Miami as her dad Sir Shifty is hoping for time away from BHS pension scandal  Hasn't missed out on topping up her tan Rise and shine! Bikini girl Hilary Duff embraces the new year with surf lesson in Hawaii While many around the world were nursing a hangover A plum start to 2017! Princess Mary rings in the new year dressed in a gold gown and deep purple cape as she joins Prince Frederik for annual banquet She's still got it! Jessica Hart admits she's 'blessed' and 'lucky' to still be modelling swimwear at 30 as she returns to Seafolly after five years Beautiful front and back! Ashley Graham posts rear view topless bikini pic as she enjoys tropical getaway Spending the New Year in The Seychelles SPOILER ALERT: Is Zak Dingle next to be killed in Emmerdale? Lisa Dingle discovers Cain's caravan on fire... with her ex-husband possibly inside 'Her tongue freaks me out!' Jessica Simpson's BFF CaCee Cobb posts silly selfie while celebrating New Year's Eve Sticking it out 'No better way to end 2016': Khloe Kardashian's ex Lamar Odom poses with his kids in first Instagram post since leaving rehab Erica Packer looks glam despite shoulder injury as she enjoys family holiday in St Barts... while her 'ex' Seal hits the ski slopes with Heidi Klum Shirtless Jake Gyllenhaal flaunts hunky physique as he joins bikini-clad pal Greta Caruso in exquisite waters during St. Barths break Blake Lively enjoys low-key New Year's Eve with her Sisterhood Of The Traveling Pants BFF Amber Tamblyn Besties since co-starring in the 2005 movie 'Wonder if I will be cold?' Kate Hudson braves a snowy NYE in Aspen in nothing but lingerie as she parties hard with pal Chelsea Handler Jesy Nelson shows off her ripped abs and ample cleavage as she rings in the New Year with a gal pal... as Jade Thirlwell celebrates with boyfriend Jed Elliott Head over heels! Izabel Goulart does cartwheels on the sand in St Barts Flawless figure and athletic prowess The X Factor's Honey G forgoes her signature hat and glasses as she gives rare glimpse at her face during NYE performance...after her debut single limps into the midweek chart at 149 Blac Chyna and Rob Kardashian put on a united front as they celebrate New Year's Eve together... as she puts her engagement ring back on Jacqui Ryland flashes her underwear in a VERY daring sheer lace mini dress as she parties hard with pal on New Years Eve 'Feliz Año!' Shakira embraces her partner and sons for a festive New Year's message to her fans Out wth footballer Gerard Piqué Dish of the day! Neighbours star Olympia Valance looks to be NAKED while posing with a restaurant menu covering her body as she flashes the flesh on holiday in Bali I'm pregnant! Lauren Conrad reveals baby news with sweet sonogram picture on New Year's Day  First child Charlotte Dawson continues to flash giant diamond ring as she rings in 2017 with a passionate from boyfriend Matt Sarsfield... after sparking engagement rumours Adele and partner Simon Konecki are said to be 'planning a UK wedding after secretly becoming engaged in October' Now that's a Happy New Year! Khloe Kardashian kisses Tristan Thompson as they ring in 2017 together Pucker up Take That Gary! Simon Cowell calls in the lawyers over rival Barlow's new BBC 'X Factor imitation' talent show Let It Shine  That's one passionate midnight kiss! Miley Cyrus shares her New Year's cinch with fiancé Liam Hemsworth as they attend New Year's Eve party with his brother Chris and her mum Tish Blac Chyna shows off post-baby curves in a plunging dress as she heads out to celebrate New Year's Eve Got a lot on her plate Beach babe! Heather Graham, 46, flashes her long legs and toned midriff on trip to Miami with her boyfriend Endless legs 'All is as it should be!' Katy Perry dons surgical mask to see in the New Year with lover Orlando Bloom on Tokyo sidewalk Worried about germs? The No 1 lady detective's New Year resolutions: A truly delightful misadventure starring Precious, Botswana's top sleuth  Jasmine Lennard axed from CBB All Stars series 'for making anti-Muslim comments'... after being replaced by Jasmin Waltz before the show's debut Celebrate good times, c'mon! Amy Adams stocks up on alcohol ahead of New Year's Eve celebration  Party preparations She's smitten! Britney Spears shares cuddly snap after celebrating New Year with new love Sam Asghari The couple seem inseparable 'ISIS claims responsibility for Mariah Carey's performance': Social media mercilessly trashes diva for her epic New Year's Eve meltdown on Times Square stage Bradley Cooper heads out for healthy jog in LA while 'pregnant' girlfriend Irina Shayk spends New Year in her native Russia Settle down, ladies! Now Sheila Hancock, 83, shuns make-up: Actress reveals she didn't wear any during her latest film  She defied producers to be more 'real' on screen '2016 is almost over!' John Legend shares cute snap with Chrissy Teigen on his back as the couple spend New Year's Eve in St. Barts Photogenic couple Thatkiss Neverbeen! Jennifer Lawrence reveals she has never had a New Year's Eve kiss How can that be? 'Hey': Teen Kylie Jenner shows off her curves in green bra and panties as she takes last mirror selfie of 2016 The KUWTK star posed in her bathroom mirror Nicki Minaj shows off her ample assets in plunging silver jumpsuit as she rings in 2017 with Miami gig... after replacing Jennifer Lopez at the last minute 'One of the most eventful and exciting years of my life': Ivanka Trump pays tribute to 2016 as she celebrates New Year's Eve and Hanukkah with her husband and children  'Toddler headbutt!': Jason Biggs starts the New Year with a black eye from two-year-old son Sid He enjoyed his first day of 2017 with a shiner 'I've got so much sh*t on this girl!': Maria Fowler hits back at Danielle Lloyd in candid Snapchat video after the model retweeted a controversial message  SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Olympian Sir Matthew Pinsent's wife is drafted in to boost Kate, William and Harry's charity Paid to instil a work ethic A rumble in the jungle, baby joy and THAT Beau Ryan 'affair': A look at how far Barry Hall and Lauren Brant have come as they prepare for 2017 'Girl power!' Naomi Watts rings in the new year as a single woman... with a bikini trip to Mexico   She's starting the new year as a single woman SPOILER ALERT: Corrie's Maria Connor can barely look at lover Aidan as the jailbird comes face to face with him for the first time since he left her to fight alone in court 'Peace out 2016!' Jessica Alba ends the year exploring Hawaiian rainforests with her loved ones Katie Piper channels the eighties in wild leopard print costume as she attends New Year's Eve fancy dress party with husband Richard Sutton 'Golden New Year with the family!' Chris Hemsworth rings in 2017 with his wife Elsa Pataky, his brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Happy New Year from Hawaii... via Somerset: Peter Andre ushers in 2017 with wife Emily MacDonagh and his children at tropical themed party Bottoms up! Lady Victoria Hervey displays her enviably slender frame and peachy derriere in skimpy blue bikini as she tries her hand at paddle boarding in Barbados 'Cutest thing ever!' Nicole Kidman's surprise 'happy' dance at Keith Urban's NYE show in Nashville thrills fans... but leaves some asking if she's had a bit too much to drink Fergie and Hailee Steinfield flash the flesh in skin flaunting ensembles as they ring in 2017 in style on Dick Clark's New Year's Rockin' Eve 'Thankful': Sofia Vergara looks incredible in strapless dress while vacationing in Bora Bora for husband Joe Manganiello's birthday 'Oh Jesus, this is the best fireworks show ever!' Scott Eastwood gets VERY excited during New Year's Eve celebrations in Sydney Harbour 'So glad 2017 is finally here': Iggy Azalea hoping for 'better vibe' in the New Year after 2016 saw ex-fiancé Nick Young cheat on her, X Factor flop, and Guy Sebastian brand her a 'weirdo' Having an auld lang fine time! Gwen Stefani locks lips with Blake Shelton as they enjoy family New Year's Eve Smooch We can be heroes! Nicole Kidman dances on stage beside hubby Keith Urban as he performs amazing New Year's tribute to 2016's fallen greats  Shanina Shaik sports a racy green dress as she supports DJ Ruckus at a New Year's Eve gig in Miami No stranger to sporting racy ensembles 'Let's do this!' Mariah Carey is carried to the stage by her beau Bryan Tanaka as she preps for New Year's Eve show in Times Square It must be true love! Kylie Jenner gets a lower-case T for Tyga tattoo'd on her ankle... her SIXTH inking so far New Years goals! Doutzen Kroes showcases killer bikini body as she cosies up to husband Sunnery James on beach in Cancun What a Dream day! Blac Chyna begins new year with Rob Kardashian and daughter after dramatic split 'You will survive': MAFS' Zoe Hendrix and Alex Garner reflect on an eventful 2016 which saw them welcome first child after heartbreaking miscarriage 'What a year it's been!': Kris Jenner kicks off New Year's Eve Instagram messages by sharing collage and acknowledging 2016 was rocky William Christopher, best known for his portrayal of Father Mulcahy on the hit 70s TV show M*A*S*H, dies of cancer at age 84 GIRL ABOUT NEW YEAR: Pippa's family are trying to save the pennies as her wedding is set to cost a fortune  The family's online store has launched a sale. GIRL ABOUT NEW YEAR: Star Wars Carrie and her TV hunt for Prince Harry She once led chat show host Graham Norton on a quest to find the Prince GIRL ABOUT NEW YEAR: Heartache as sad Alice starts 2017... with divorce Alice Eve has formally separated from her husband GIRL ABOUT NEW YEAR: Lovelorn Cara's LA dash to rekindle her romance Absence has made the heart grow fonder for supermodel  SPOILER ALERT: EastEnders' Ronnie Mitchell looks grim-faced at wedding to Jack Branning... before making dramatic exit from the show with troubled sister Roxy New Year's Eve party can really begin now - Usain Bolt's arrived! Sprinter flies into UK to celebrate his beloved Manchester United's victory by partying with goalscorer Paul Pogba 'I miss LA': Chloe Lattanzi admits she's homesick after moving from California to Oregon with her fiancé to start a marijuana farm business  'My dude is HOT': Miley Cyrus admires her fiancé Liam Hemsworth as they attend a New Year's Eve party with his brother Chris and wife Elsa Pataky Ending the year on a bang! Reality star Courtney Stodden poses in white lace lingerie as she says 'bye 2016' The Price Is Right! Radio personality Steve Price 'will join Lisa Curry in the South African jungle for I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here!' Victoria's Secret model Megan Williams displays her sensational beach body in a black bikini as she frolics in the ocean in St Barts with her boyfriend  Nicki Minaj displays ample cleavage in sexy Instagram post in wake of deadly shooting outside concert of on-again, off-again beau Meek Mill Emma Forbes, 51, shows off stunning figure in chic scalloped swimsuit as she heads to the beach in Barbados with husband Graham Clempson Denim darling! Jenna Dewan shows off her fit form in a black bodysuit with jeans and leopard print booties while out in LA Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Apple appeals against EU tax ruling, Brussels says no cause for low tax bill By Julia Fioretti ReutersDecember 19, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Share By Julia Fioretti BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Apple Inc. appealed on Monday against a $14-billion tax demand as the European Union issued details of its ruling that the iPhone maker won sweetheart tax deals from the Irish government which amounted to illegal subsidies. The tech giant's combative stand -- its lead lawyer told Reuters that Apple was a "convenient target" for an EU antitrust chief driven by "headlines" -- underlined its anger with the European Commission, which it says ignored evidence from Irish experts before the decision on Aug. 30. The Obama administration also voiced displeasure at what it said was the European Union helping itself to cash that should have ended up in the United States while many in Silicon Valley saw it as further proof that an envious Europe, having lost out on new tech markets, is trying to rig regulations against them. Competition Commissioner Margrethe Vestager has rejected those claims and on Monday, while making no new comment on a case which is also being appealed by the Dublin government, the EU executive published an edited text of her judgment. Apple's Irish tax arrangements have allowed it to pay tax at a rate of 3.8 percent on $200 billion of overseas profits over the past 10 years, according to a Reuters analysis of corporate filings. This is a fraction of the tax rate in the countries where Apple’s products are designed, made and sold. The low rate is achieved by Apple telling U.S. authorities that the profits are earned by Irish units. Meanwhile, Apple and Ireland agree the profits are generated in the United States. Among elements revealed by the Commission's edited text was a record of a meeting between an Apple tax adviser and the Irish revenue service in 1990 in which they discussed setting an apparently arbitrary ceiling on the profit on which Apple's Irish unit would be taxed locally. A year after Apple's Irish branch had recorded a net profit of $270 million, its tax adviser proposed that no more than $30-40 million a year be taxed in Ireland, since the rest was attributable to technology and marketing businesses elsewhere. "[Apple’s tax adviser] confessed there was no scientific basis for the figure. However the figure was of such magnitude that he hoped it would be seen to be a bona-fide proposal," the excerpt cited in the Commission judgment read. The reference is part of the Commission's case that Ireland gave Apple special treatment to induce it to base its European operations in the country and channel profits through Ireland. While independent tax experts scanned the documentation for more clues to Vestager's overall approach, another element that stood out was its concern about the way Dublin did not set time limits on its rulings on how Apple's income would be taxed. That could signal trouble for other multinationals facing Brussels' ire, not just in Ireland but in several other EU countries. U.S. TAX REFORM Apple lodged its appeal at the EU's General Court, setting up a legal battle that has strained Transatlantic relations and could remain a factor after celebrity businessman Donald Trump succeeds Obama in the White House next month. The U.S. Treasury Department said in a statement it continued to believe‎ that "the Commission is retroactively applying a sweeping new state aid theory that is contrary to well-established legal principles, calls into question the tax rules of individual countries, and threatens to undermine the overall business climate in Europe‎. Moreover, it threatens to erode America's corporate tax base." The Irish government, which faces anger at home among opposition politicians that it is trying to turn down a huge tax windfall, separately published its legal arguments against the Commission's case on Monday, saying Brussels had exceeded its powers and stepped on EU states' sovereignty. Lawyers have previously said it was impossible to predict how EU courts will rule in an area that has not been tested before. Ireland’s tax treatments, now amended, have allowed Apple to avoid tax on tens of billions of dollars of non-U.S. profit. The Commission says the Irish units conducted key functions for developing the Apple brand and that Dublin underestimated their importance when determining their taxable profit. Apple says all the research and development takes place in the United States, which is also where key decisions about its products are made, meaning taxes should be paid there. Under U.S. tax law, however, companies pay tax on global profits but only when they are repatriated to the United States. The incoming Trump administration could change this. (Additional reporting by Foo Yun Chee in Cupertino, California, Conor Humphries in Dublin and Tom Bergin in London; Editing by Alastair Macdonald and Adrian Croft) Reblog Share Tweet Share What to Read Next 9 tech-friendly gifts for people obsessed with travel Yahoo Tech CNN uses screenshot from ‘Fallout 4’ to show how Russians hack things BGR News Facebook launches live 360-degree video feature Yahoo Tech The battle between SSD and HDD is over, and the winner is clear Digital Trends Celebrity sues Tesla, claims Model X drove itself through a wall and into his house BGR News A theory that challenges Newton’s and Einstein’s gravity and nixes dark matter passed its first test Quartz Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo Finance
DOW JONES, A NEWS CORP COMPANY News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. DOW JONES Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Newsmart NewsPlus Private Markets Risk & Compliance WSJ.com WSJ Pro WSJ Conference WSJ Video NEWS CORP Big Decisions Business Spectator Checkout51 Harper Collins New York Post PropTiger REA realtor.com Storyful The Australian The Sun The Times Nikkei ▲ 19114.37 -0.16%   Hang Seng ▲ 22110.96 0.50%   U.S. 10 Yr ▲ 0/32 yield 2.445%   Crude Oil ▲ 54.06 0.63%   Yen ▲ 117.39 -0.18%   DJIA ▲ 19762.60 -0.29%   Subscribe Now Sign In The Wall Street Journal Sections My Journal Home World U.S. Politics Economy Business Tech Markets Opinion Arts Life Real Estate Today's Paper SHOW ALL SECTIONS HIDE ALL SECTIONS World Home Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Economy World Video U.S. Home Economy Law New York Politics Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Home Think Tank Washington Wire Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Home Real Time Economics Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Home Management Tech/WSJ.D Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Home CIO Journal Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Home Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Home Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Home Arts in Review Books Speakeasy Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Home Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Home Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion Real Estate Video HIDE ALL SECTIONS Aim higher, reach further. Get the Wall Street Journal $12 for 12 weeks. Subscribe Now Sign In Reveal Navigation Options Home World Regions Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Blogs Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Sections Economy More World Video U.S. Sections Economy Law New York Politics Columns & Blogs Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire More Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Blogs Think Tank Washington Wire More Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Blogs Real Time Economics More Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Sections Management Tech/WSJ.D Industries Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail C-Suite CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Columns & Blogs Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street More Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Sections CIO Journal Columns & Blogs Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan More Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Sections Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Columns & Blogs Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape More CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Sections Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns & Blogs Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary More Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Sections Arts in Review Books Blogs Speakeasy More Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Sections Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Blogs Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix More Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Sections Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion More Real Estate Video Search SEARCH → Subscribe Sign In Twitter China Chief Kathy Chen Departs SpaceX Launches Set to Resume Keywords Think Like a Futurist to Be Prepared for the Totally Unexpected States Wire Up Roads as Cars Get Smarter Chinese Access to U.S. Semiconductor Industry May Be Curbed SoftBank Hopes Trump Connection Reopens Doors for Sprint Foxconn Deepens Investment in China With $8.8 Billion Factory Gates Foundation Helps Fund HIV-Prevention Drug Pump Chinese Nuclear Plant Delays Illustrate Toshiba’s Challenges Qualcomm Settles Patent Dispute With China’s Meizu Snap’s IPO Pitch to Tout Service as the Next Facebook Salesforce Banks on Rapid Revenue Growth Old-Line Companies Show Appetite for Tech Deals Not Everyone Wants to Shop on Amazon Twitter Reaches Out to Users for Ideas Christopher Mims Why 2016 Was a Watershed Year for Tech Personal Technology Tech That Will Change Your Life in 2017 Consumer Technology The Smart Way to Trade In Old Gadgets for Cash Gear & Gadgets The Best Podcasts for Self-Improvement Save Article Sign In to Save Subscribe to WSJ Text Size Regular Medium Large Google+ Print Tech Ireland Says EU Overstepped in Apple Tax Decision Claims EU misinterpreted Irish law in August tax clawback decision By Sam Schechner Sam Schechner The Wall Street Journal CANCEL BiographySam Schechner @samschech samschechner Google+ Sam.Schechner@wsj.com Updated Dec. 19, 2016 4:06 p.m. ET Ireland said the European Union overstepped its authority and misinterpreted Irish law when it ordered the country in August to recoup €13 billion ($13.59 billion) in allegedly unpaid taxes from Apple Inc. The arguments, published Monday in a three-page summary paper, offer new details on Ireland’s appeal to overturn the blockbuster decision by the European Commission, the EU’s executive arm. The Commission is expected to publish a... To Read the Full Story, Subscribe or Sign In Popular on WSJ Most Popular Videos Opinion Journal: Edward Snowden’s Lies The Next Generation of Roads That Talk to Cars Deadly New Year's Eve Plane Collision WSJ Opinion Picks of the Week Millions Have Never Ordered From Amazon. Here's Why Most Popular Articles Opinion: The Fable of Edward Snowden The Champions of the 401(k) Lament the Revolution They Started Re-Energized Dollar Looms Over the Rest of the World GOP Agenda Is Ambitious but Faces Complicated Path Luxury Apartment Boom Looks Set to Fizzle Wall Street Journal U.S. Edition U.S. Asia Europe India América Latina Brasil 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Edition: U.S. Asia Europe India América Latina Brasil 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Text Size: Small Medium Large Subscribe NowSign In WSJ Membership Benefits Download WSJ Apps Customer Center Legal Policies Subscribe Sign In TOP« WSJ Membership WSJ+ Membership Benefits Digital Subscription Print Subscription Print and Digital Subscription Why Subscribe? Download WSJ Apps for iOS and Android Corporate Subscriptions Professor Journal Student Journal Customer Service Customer Center Live Help Redesign Guided Tour Notice to Subscribers Tools & Features Emails & Alerts Guides My News RSS Feeds Topics Video Center Watchlist Podcasts Ads Advertise Advertise Locally Commercial Real Estate Ads Place a Classified Ad Sell Your Business Sell Your Home Recruitment & Career Ads More Content Partnerships Corrections Jobs at WSJ News Archive Register for Free Reprints Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube Podcasts Snapchat GooglePlay AppStore Windows10 Dow Jones Products Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Private Markets realtor.com Risk & Compliance WSJ Conference WSJ Pro Central Banking WSJ Video WSJ Wine Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
My News Personalise your news feed by choosing your favourite topics of interest Get Started No Thanks Create your own newsfeed Choose 3 or more topics that you want to see. Irish News Politics International Opinion Living Family Technology Business GAA Soccer Rugby MMA Watercooler Going Out Screens Quizzes Change Generation Create my newsfeed   TheJournal.ie uses cookies. By continuing to browse this site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Click here to find out more » Business ETC The42 The Daily Edge Search site Search Dublin: 0 °C Tuesday 3 January, 2017 Advertisement Homepage Irish Politics International Voices Family Culture Tech Business My Feed RSS Tags apple tax row See other tags Tags Monday 19 Dec, 2016 http://jrnl.ie/3146872 'The Commission has exceeded its powers': Government sets out 8 ways it will fight Apple ruling A strongly-worded statement released by the Department of Finance sets out eight ways the State will fight the decision. Dec 19th 2016, 12:01 AM 12,657 Views 74 Comments Share Tweet Email1 Finance Minister Michael Noonan Image: Niall Carson GOVERNMENT OFFICIALS HAVE set out how they will take on the European Commission over August’s bombshell ruling ordering the State to collect billions of euros of unpaid taxes from tech giant Apple. The formal appeal was lodged last month. This morning, the Department of Finance has published an outline of the main arguments it will make in the case on its website. The appeal  The State’s action is a response to the Commission’s ruling that Apple must pay €13 billion in back-taxes, and its finding that Ireland broke EU state aid rules. The EU’s competition commissioner, Margrethe Vestager, has argued that the deal Ireland offered Apple allowed the tech firm to pay a corporate tax rate of 1 percent on its European profits in 2003 – down to 0.005 percent in 2014. Immediately after the Commission ruling the government said it would appeal the decision, on the basis that Apple had paid its taxes to the Irish state in full. Ministers also cited the potential impact retrospective penalties could have on the country’s future ability to attract foreign direct investment. Eight arguments  A strongly worded statement released by the Department of Finance sets out eight ways the State will fight the decision. The Department will argue that the Commission has misapplied State Aid law, that it “misunderstands Irish law”, that it failed to follow required procedures, that it has exceeded its powers “and interfered with national tax sovereignty”, and that it has failed to provide proper reasons for its decision. The opening paragraph of the Department’s statement asserts that the Commission has “misunderstood the relevant facts and Irish law”: The Commission Decision of 30 August 2016 (the Decision) wrongly asserts that two Opinions given in 1991 and 2007 by the Irish Revenue Commissioners “renounced” tax revenue that Ireland would have otherwise been entitled to collect from the Irish branches of Apple Sales International (ASI) and Apple Operations Europe (AOE). The Opinions involved no departure from Irish law. The ordinary tax rules applicable to branches in Ireland of non-resident companies are in Section 25 of the Taxes Consolidation Act 1997. The Opinions simply applied Section 25, which in accordance with the territoriality principle, taxes only the profits attributable to the branch, not the non-Irish profits of the company. Strong statements  Point five in the Department statement asserts that the Commission “never clearly explained its State aid theory during the Investigation, and the Decision contains factual findings on which Ireland never had the chance to comment. The Commission breached the duty of good administration by failing to act impartially and in accordance with its duty of care.” Point seven argues that: The Commission has no competence, under State aid rules, unilaterally to substitute its own view of the geographic scope and extent of the Member State’s tax jurisdiction for those of the Member State itself. The Department’s final point contends that the Commission “has manifestly breached its duty to provide a clear and unequivocal statement of reasons in its Decision, in relying simultaneously on grossly divergent factual scenarios, in contradicting itself as to the source of the rule that Ireland is said to have breached, and in suggesting that Ireland granted aid in relation to profits taxable in other jurisdictions”. Source: Department of Finance Full details of the Department’s statement will be available on its website today. Speaking on the day the State’s appeal against the Apple ruling was lodged in the General Court of the EU, Finance Minister Michael Noonan reiterated that Ireland’s reputation had been damaged unfairly by the commission’s stance. “We don’t believe that Apple owed this money in Ireland at all,” Noonan said. We share the OECD view that whatever they owe they owe to the United States and they paid everything that was due to be paid in Ireland. Noonan added that Apple is the biggest corporate taxpayer in Ireland on profits generated in the country, where it employs 6,000 people in its Cork campus. - With reporting from AFP  Read: Margrethe Vestager, scourge of Apple, is going after more multinationals > Read: MEPs laugh at Jean-Claude Juncker when he says Europe is fighting tax evasion > Get breaking news from TheJournal.ie via Facebook. Just click Like. Short URL Tweet this Share on Facebook Email this article   About the author: Daragh Brophy daragh@thejournal.ie See more articles by Daragh Brophy Contribute to this story: Leave a Comment Send a Photo / Video Send a Tip Send a Correction Read next: Embed this post To embed this post, copy the code below on your site 600px wide <iframe width="600" height="460" frameborder="0" style="border:0px;" src="http://www.thejournal.ie/http://www.thejournal.ie/apple-tax-arguments-3146872-Dec2016/?embedpost=3146872&width=600&height=460" ></iframe> 400px wide <iframe width="600" height="460" frameborder="0" style="border:0px;" src="http://www.thejournal.ie/http://www.thejournal.ie/apple-tax-arguments-3146872-Dec2016/?embedpost=3146872&width=400&height=460" ></iframe> 300px wide <iframe width="600" height="460" frameborder="0" style="border:0px;" src="http://www.thejournal.ie/http://www.thejournal.ie/apple-tax-arguments-3146872-Dec2016/?embedpost=3146872&width=300&height=460" ></iframe> Email “'The Commission has exceeded its powers': Government sets out 8 ways it will fight Apple ruling”. Your Email Recipient's Email Submit Feedback on “'The Commission has exceeded its powers': Government sets out 8 ways it will fight Apple ruling”. Your Feedback Your Email (optional) Submit Report a Comment Please select the reason for reporting this comment. Please select your reason for reporting... You don't like this comment, or you disagree with this commenter It contains offensive language, is hateful or incites violence It contains a libelous/defamatory statement Some other reason... Please give full details of the problem with the comment... Your Email Submit Comments (74 Comments) Ordered By: Popularity Popularity Date Leave a comment Add New Comment Log in to comment: Logged in as You are connected with your account. Log out Share This Comment on Facebook or Twitter Notify me of followup comments via e-mail Submit Comment Read Next: Download our app Trending Opinions Fitness truths: 'Exercise might be uncomfortable, overwhelming. It's supposed to be' Carl Cautley Change your attitude – and even the goals themselves – to achieve real results. Here’s some advice from fitness expert Carl Cautley. Life Coach: 2017 is the year for you. Ditch your old-but-comfy habits Derval Chambers Petit 2017 could be the year you make a new start, develop new habits, plan something new or just start thinking about options for the future, writes Derval Chambers Petit. New Year's Resolutions: 'Forever chasing a whole new us isn’t self-help, it’s self-harm' Lorraine Courtney Forget unrealistic goals and just be nicer to yourself and others in 2017, writes Lorraine Courtney. Most Popular Today 1 Man dies after emergency landing at Shannon Airport 42,278  8 2 Production company denies 'absurd' claim it sabotaged Mariah Carey's disastrous NYE performance 34,588  54 3 'It's bird, dog, horse, cow, and people poo': Swimmers warned to stay out of the water near Melbourne 31,577  8 1 Why 2017 could be a make-or-break year for the bloodstock industry 172  0 2 Plot twist - Book sales are up, but they're worth less and less to retailers 101  0 1 As It Happened: Sunderland v Liverpool, Premier League 41,936  54 2 As it happened: West Ham v Man Utd 35,568  63 3 'This decision will have a lot of influence on my career one way or another but I'm happy with it' 30,237  8 1 This photo of a girl trying to sneak her dog into a Monaghan nightclub is class 23,183  14 2 Everyone's talking about the sex club scene in RTÉ's Striking Out last night 14,701  2 3 People spotted a morto little filming mistake on Sherlock last night 8,876  2 Trending Tags PLANNING Opinion: People living in rural Ireland cannot blame Dublin for the empty towns and villages Dealz planning violations: Dublin council refuses to issue enforcement notice 7 essential tips from Electric Picnic veterans PLOUGHING This little Tipp lad's hurling rap was the highlight of the Ploughing yesterday This little Tipp lad's hurling rap was the highlight of the Ploughing yesterday How Marty Morrissey and his cardboard cut-out own the Ploughing GARDAí A 14-year-old girl is missing from her home in Cork city Gardaí recover three cars stolen from Kildare in December Two men die in separate accidents at quarry and farm DUBLIN Missing 16-year-old girl found safe and well You've heard of rescuing cats from trees but firefighters yesterday got a dog from a bush Woman in her 70s remains in critical condition after Ballyfermot stabbing IRELAND 13 rather excellent reasons to visit Ireland in 2017 Doctors needed to represent Ireland at Medical World Cup this summer The story of the origins of Argentine football and Irish people's place in it PREMIER LEAGUE Player ratings: How Ireland’s footballers got on at club level in 2016 Neville leads pundits' criticism of referee Dean after Feghouli red card Guardiola: I am nearing the end of my coaching career ∞ About Us About Us We're Hiring! Contact Us Advertise With Us Tech Blog Follow Us Twitter Facebook Corrections Report Content Policies Terms of Use Privacy Cookies Advertising Comments Copyright Competition Content copyright © Journal Media Ltd. 2017 Registered in Dublin, registration number: 483623. Registered office: 3rd floor, Latin Hall, Golden Lane, Dublin 8. TheJournal.ie is a full participating member of the Press Council of Ireland and supports the Office of the Press Ombudsman. This scheme in addition to defending the freedom of the press, offers readers a quick, fair and free method of dealing with complaints that they may have in relation to articles that appear on our pages. To contact the Office of the Press Ombudsman Lo-Call 1890 208 080 or go to www.pressombudsman.ie or www.presscouncil.ie Please note that TheJournal.ie uses cookies to improve your experience and to provide services and advertising. For more information on cookies please refer to our cookies policy. News images provided by Press Association and Photocall Ireland unless otherwise stated. Irish sport images provided by Inpho Photography unless otherwise stated. Wire service provided by Associated Press. Journal Media does not control and is not responsible for user created content, posts, comments, submissions or preferences. Users are reminded that they are fully responsible for their own created content and their own posts, comments and submissions and fully and effectively warrant and indemnify Journal Media in relation to such content and their ability to make such content, posts, comments and submissions available. Journal Media does not control and is not responsible for the content of external websites. Switch to Mobile Site | Night mode Sites: TheJournal.ie | BusinessETC.ie | The42 | DailyEdge.ie | Boards.ie | Adverts.ie | Daft.ie Blow the whistle or share a story Upload an image Upload an image cancel Add an image URL cancel Upload a video | Add YouTube video Upload a video cancel YouTube Address (URL): cancel Your email (optional) Submit Alternatively, you can email us at: tips@thejournal.ie Please log in to comment Please log in with facebook to become a fan Please log in RSS feeds available here: TheJournal.ie Latest News Feed 'The Commission has exceeded its powers': Government sets out 8 ways it will fight Apple ruling Comments Report an error, omission or problem: Message: Your Email (optional) Submit Create Email Alert Create an email alert based on the current article Email Address One email every morning As soon as new articles come online Submit TheJournal.ie Facebook Edition Share stories with your friends and family easily Comment without having to login More features coming soon...
Our site uses cookies. By continuing to use our site you are agreeing to our cookies policy.Accept and close Accessibility LinksSkip to content Tuesday January 3 2017 Join nowLog in Read the full article Just register a few details. Get access now EU breached sovereignty over Apple, says state Peter O’Dwyer | Alexandra Frean December 19 2016, 12:01am, The Times Enda Kenny, with Apple’s chief executive Tim Cook, has rejected the EU ruling The government has accused the European Commission of overstepping the mark in attempting to rewrite Ireland’s corporation tax rules as part of its investigation into Apple’s Irish operations. The Department of Finance made the accusation as part of a scathing set of legal arguments, published this morning, which underline its rejection of the commission’s decision that the Revenue Commissioners afforded Apple preferential tax treatment. It also claimed that the commission interfered with national tax strategy, failed to act impartially, contradicted itself and mistakenly applied tax law in making its decision. The state’s arguments follow a ruling by the commission in August that Ireland had granted Apple undue tax benefits and ordered the tech giant to pay the country €13 billion. The commission’s inquiry found that… Want to read more? Register with a few details to continue reading this article. Get access now Already a subscriber? Login You are now logged out Your choice of two articles a week Unlock quality journalism on the topics that you decide matter mostRegister now Or enjoy full access Subscribe and catch up with all the stories behind the headlinesSubscribe today Already a member? Log in Back to top Get in touch Contact us Help The Times Editorial Complaints The Sunday Times Editorial Complaints Place an announcement Classified advertising Display advertising The Times corrections The Sunday Times corrections More from The Times and The Sunday Times The Times e-paper The Sunday Times e-paper Times Currency Services The Sunday Times Wine Club Encounters Dating Red Box Times Print Gallery The Times Archive Times Crossword Club Sunday Times Driving Times+ The Sunday Times Rich List Insider City Guides Good University Guide Parent Power © Times Newspapers Limited 2016.  Registered in England No. 894646.  Registered office: 1 London Bridge Street, SE1 9GF. Privacy & cookie policy Syndication Terms and conditions Stay well-informed Receive complimentary access to two articles from The Times and The Sunday Times every weekGet access now No credit card requiredI'm ok thanks
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Election 2016 Polling Explorer Just In: Election 2016 What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Apple appeals against EU tax ruling, Brussels says no cause for low tax bi... Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Technology News | Mon Dec 19, 2016 | 2:25pm EST Apple appeals against EU tax ruling, Brussels says no cause for low tax bill By Julia Fioretti | BRUSSELS BRUSSELS Apple Inc. (AAPL.O) appealed on Monday against a $14-billion tax demand as the European Union issued details of its ruling that the iPhone maker won sweetheart tax deals from the Irish government which amounted to illegal subsidies. The tech giant's combative stand -- its lead lawyer told Reuters that Apple was a "convenient target" for an EU antitrust chief driven by "headlines" -- underlined its anger with the European Commission, which it says ignored evidence from Irish experts before the decision on Aug. 30. The Obama administration also voiced displeasure at what it said was the European Union helping itself to cash that should have ended up in the United States while many in Silicon Valley saw it as further proof that an envious Europe, having lost out on new tech markets, is trying to rig regulations against them. Competition Commissioner Margrethe Vestager has rejected those claims and on Monday, while making no new comment on a case which is also being appealed by the Dublin government, the EU executive published an edited text of her judgment. Apple's Irish tax arrangements have allowed it to pay tax at a rate of 3.8 percent on $200 billion of overseas profits over the past 10 years, according to a Reuters analysis of corporate filings. This is a fraction of the tax rate in the countries where Apple’s products are designed, made and sold. The low rate is achieved by Apple telling U.S. authorities that the profits are earned by Irish units. Meanwhile, Apple and Ireland agree the profits are generated in the United States. Among elements revealed by the Commission's edited text was a record of a meeting between an Apple tax adviser and the Irish revenue service in 1990 in which they discussed setting an apparently arbitrary ceiling on the profit on which Apple's Irish unit would be taxed locally. A year after Apple's Irish branch had recorded a net profit of $270 million, its tax adviser proposed that no more than $30-40 million a year be taxed in Ireland, since the rest was attributable to technology and marketing businesses elsewhere. "[Apple’s tax adviser] confessed there was no scientific basis for the figure. However the figure was of such magnitude that he hoped it would be seen to be a bona-fide proposal," the excerpt cited in the Commission judgment read. The reference is part of the Commission's case that Ireland gave Apple special treatment to induce it to base its European operations in the country and channel profits through Ireland. While independent tax experts scanned the documentation for more clues to Vestager's overall approach, another element that stood out was its concern about the way Dublin did not set time limits on its rulings on how Apple's income would be taxed. That could signal trouble for other multinationals facing Brussels' ire, not just in Ireland but in several other EU countries. U.S. TAX REFORM Apple lodged its appeal at the EU's General Court, setting up a legal battle that has strained Transatlantic relations and could remain a factor after celebrity businessman Donald Trump succeeds Obama in the White House next month. The U.S. Treasury Department said in a statement it continued to believe‎ that "the Commission is retroactively applying a sweeping new state aid theory that is contrary to well-established legal principles, calls into question the tax rules of individual countries, and threatens to undermine the overall business climate in Europe‎. Moreover, it threatens to erode America's corporate tax base." The Irish government, which faces anger at home among opposition politicians that it is trying to turn down a huge tax windfall, separately published its legal arguments against the Commission's case on Monday, saying Brussels had exceeded its powers and stepped on EU states' sovereignty. Lawyers have previously said it was impossible to predict how EU courts will rule in an area that has not been tested before. Ireland’s tax treatments, now amended, have allowed Apple to avoid tax on tens of billions of dollars of non-U.S. profit. The Commission says the Irish units conducted key functions for developing the Apple brand and that Dublin underestimated their importance when determining their taxable profit. Apple says all the research and development takes place in the United States, which is also where key decisions about its products are made, meaning taxes should be paid there. Under U.S. tax law, however, companies pay tax on global profits but only when they are repatriated to the United States. The incoming Trump administration could change this. (Additional reporting by Foo Yun Chee in Cupertino, California, Conor Humphries in Dublin and Tom Bergin in London; Editing by Alastair Macdonald and Adrian Croft) A 3D printed Apple logo is seen in front of a displayed European Union flag in this illustration taken September 2, 2016. REUTERS/Dado Ruvic/Illustration Next In Technology News Dog fight: Start-ups take aim at errant drones A boom in consumer drone sales has spawned a counter-industry of start-ups aiming to stop drones flying where they shouldn't, by disabling them or knocking them out of the sky. Apple partner Wistron seeks to expand India smartphone parts plant: government official MUMBAI Smartphone component maker Wistron Corp, which counts Apple Inc among its customers, has applied for permission to expand its plant in the Indian city of Bengaluru, a high-ranking regional government official said on Monday. Samsung Electronics to reveal Galaxy Note 7 probe results this month: JoongAng Ilbo SEOUL Samsung Electronics Co Ltd will announce this month the results of an investigation into what caused some of its Galaxy Note 7 smartphones to catch fire, the JoongAng Ilbo newspaper reported on Monday citing unnamed sources. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories FOCUS 360 Gardens glow in California light exhibit Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Home World news Ireland accuses EU of exceeding power in Apple tax case Ireland accuses EU of exceeding power in Apple tax case Ireland accused the European Commission on Monday of exceeding its powers and interfering with the EU member's national sovereignty over tax affairs in ruling that Apple owes Dublin billions of euros in taxes, saying it had failed to give proper reasons for its decision. By: Reuters | Dublin | Published: December 19, 2016 5:48 AM Ireland accused the European Commission on Monday of exceeding its powers and interfering with the EU member’s national sovereignty over tax affairs in ruling that Apple owes Dublin billions of euros in taxes, saying it had failed to give proper reasons for its decision. (Reuters) Ireland accused the European Commission on Monday of exceeding its powers and interfering with the EU member’s national sovereignty over tax affairs in ruling that Apple owes Dublin billions of euros in taxes, saying it had failed to give proper reasons for its decision. In September the Irish government agreed to join with Apple in appealing against the Commission’s order that the U.S. company must pay Dublin up to 13 billion euros ($14 billion) after ruling the firm had received illegal state aid in avoiding paying such taxes. On Monday both Ireland and Apple laid out the legal arguments that would form the basis of their appeals.”The Commission has manifestly breached its duty to provide a clear and unequivocal statement of reasons in its decision, in relying simultaneously on grossly divergent factual scenarios, in contradicting itself as to the source of the rule that Ireland is said to have breached, and in suggesting that Ireland granted aid in relation to profits taxable in other jurisdictions,” the Irish government said in a statement. Dublin, which is seeking to protect a tax regime that has helped attract multinational companies that employ around 10 percent of the country’s workforce, listed a number of areas where it believed the commission had misapplied tax rules.Firstly, it said Apple’s subsidiaries did not receive special treatment in the 1991 and 2007 tax opinions at the centre of the case, and that the company’s treatment did not depart from normal taxation, the statement said. You May Also Like This: It then said the commission had overstated the level of profits attributable to Apple subsidiaries Apple Sales International and Apple Operations Europe. It said important decisions within the companies were made in the United States and the profits derived from these decisions were not properly attributable to them. “The Commission’s attribution of Apple’s intellectual property licences to the Irish branches of Apple Operations Europe and Apple Sales International is not consistent with Irish law,” it said. The Irish government said the Commission had incorrectly applied the “arm’s length” principle, according to which individual group members of a multinational enterprise must be taxed on the basis that they act at arm’s length in their dealings with each other. And it said the Commission “failed to act impartially and in accordance with its duty of care” because it did not “clearly explain” its state aid theory during the investigation. The European Commission is expected to shortly publish a more detailed version of its ruling against Apple. Please Wait while comments are loading... Trending Now No North Korea missile will be capable of reaching US: President-elect Donald Trump Brazil drug gangs spark prison riot, 56 dead Oil prices rise as markets eye OPEC, non-OPEC production cuts Why Pema Khandu in Arunachal Pradesh is worthy inheritor of Gaya Ram legacy To treble capacity to 300 mn tonnes, provide global heft, Steel Ministry to hire expert ICICI Bank, others take SBI cue, slash MCLRs Steel Industry in India to face cheap import threat in near future; govt support critical Supreme Court cracks whip against BCCI, sacks Anurag Thakur, Ajay Shirke Myntra's sporty ad speaks to everyone, goes beyond vanilla variety e-commerce script Syrian rebels say they froze talks on Russian-backed peace conference due to ceasefire violations Unemployment allowance- Himachal Pradesh CM, PCC chief differ on the issue  EDITOR’S PICKS Sterling heads for strongest month in 8 years, hits nine-week high Demonetisation: Delhiites throng to petrol pumps, cooperative stores to use old notes Militants attack police station in Kupwara district Mumbai among world's top trending tourist spots for 2017 Spot pothole on Maharashtra highways and get Rs 1,000: PWD Minister Chandrakant Patil Hurricane Otto hits Nicaragua coast as quake shakes region Videos Netflix launches new horror series in LA Free wifi: a wolf in sheeps clothing? Delhi woman, teenager blame each other of rape in a hotel room 2016 Range Rover Discovery Sport Startech Exterior Interior Walk around 2016 Geneva Motor Show Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved. SECTIONS Home Markets Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Election 2016 Polling Explorer Just In: Election 2016 What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Ireland accuses EU of exceeding power in Apple tax case Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Technology News | Sun Dec 18, 2016 | 7:35pm EST Ireland accuses EU of exceeding power in Apple tax case The logo of Apple is seen at a store in Zurich, Switzerland November 22, 2016. REUTERS/Arnd Wiegmann DUBLIN Ireland accused the European Commission on Monday of exceeding its powers and interfering with the EU member's national sovereignty over tax affairs in ruling that Apple (AAPL.O) owes Dublin billions of euros in taxes, saying it had failed to give proper reasons for its decision. In September the Irish government agreed to join with Apple in appealing against the Commission's order that the U.S. company must pay Dublin up to 13 billion euros ($14 billion) after ruling the firm had received illegal state aid in avoiding paying such taxes. On Monday both Ireland and Apple laid out the legal arguments that would form the basis of their appeals. "The Commission has manifestly breached its duty to provide a clear and unequivocal statement of reasons in its decision, in relying simultaneously on grossly divergent factual scenarios, in contradicting itself as to the source of the rule that Ireland is said to have breached, and in suggesting that Ireland granted aid in relation to profits taxable in other jurisdictions," the Irish government said in a statement. Dublin, which is seeking to protect a tax regime that has helped attract multinational companies that employ around 10 percent of the country's workforce, listed a number of areas where it believed the commission had misapplied tax rules. Firstly, it said Apple's subsidiaries did not receive special treatment in the 1991 and 2007 tax opinions at the center of the case, and that the company's treatment did not depart from normal taxation, the statement said. It then said the commission had overstated the level of profits attributable to Apple subsidiaries Apple Sales International and Apple Operations Europe. It said important decisions within the companies were made in the United States and the profits derived from these decisions were not properly attributable to them. "The Commission’s attribution of Apple’s intellectual property licenses to the Irish branches of Apple Operations Europe and Apple Sales International is not consistent with Irish law," it said. The Irish government said the Commission had incorrectly applied the "arm's length" principle, according to which individual group members of a multinational enterprise must be taxed on the basis that they act at arm's length in their dealings with each other. And it said the Commission "failed to act impartially and in accordance with its duty of care" because it did not "clearly explain" its state aid theory during the investigation. The European Commission is expected to shortly publish a more detailed version of its ruling against Apple. (Reporting by Conor Humphries; Editing by Greg Mahlich) Next In Technology News Samsung Electronics to reveal Galaxy Note 7 probe results this month: JoongAng Ilbo SEOUL Samsung Electronics Co Ltd will announce this month the results of an investigation into what caused some of its Galaxy Note 7 smartphones to catch fire, the JoongAng Ilbo newspaper reported on Monday citing unnamed sources. Bitcoin jumps above $1,000 for first time in three years LONDON Digital currency bitcoin kicked off the new year by jumping above $1,000 for the first time in three years late on Sunday, having outperformed all central-bank-issued currencies with a 125 percent climb in 2016. Apple to cut iPhone production in first quarter of 2017: report Apple Inc will trim production of iPhones by about 10 percent in the January-March quarter of 2017, the Nikkei financial daily reported on Thursday, citing calculations based on data from suppliers. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories FOCUS 360 Gardens glow in California light exhibit Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Columnists Law and order Education Databases Obits Political Fix National politics Nation Illinois Metro St. Charles Weather 100 Neediest Cases Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou SLU NFL Soccer Golf Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces Press releases Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel Columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print Ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 48° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Thunderstorms likely this morning. Then the chance of scattered thunderstorms this afternoon. High 49F. Winds light and variable. Chance of rain 80%.. Tonight Foggy. Low around 45F. Winds light and variable. Updated: January 2, 2017 @ 12:53 pm Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell Technology AP Ireland to appeal EU's record $14 billion tax order on Apple By SHAWN POGATCHNIK Associated Press Dec 18, 2016 (…) DUBLIN (AP) — Ireland will appeal the European Union's landmark order to collect a record 13 billion euros ($14 billion) in taxes from Apple, the Irish Department of Finance announced Monday. The Irish countermove comes nearly four months after EU competition authorities hit Apple with the back-tax bill based on its longtime reporting of European-wide profits through Ireland, which charges the American company only for sales on its own territory at Europe-low rates that in turn have been greatly reduced by the controversial use of shell companies at home and abroad. In its formal legal submission, the Department of Finance declares that's the whole point of Ireland's sales pitch to foreign investors — and asserts it's perfectly legal to levy far less tax on profits than imposed by competitors. It accuses EU competition authorities of unfairness, exceeding their competence and authority, and seeking to breach Ireland's sovereignty in national tax affairs. The ruling unveiled Aug. 30 by EU Competition Commissioner Margrethe Vestager called on Apple to pay Ireland the 13 billion euros for gross underpayment of tax on profits across the European bloc from 2003 to 2014. Her report concluded that Cupertino, California-based Apple used two shell companies incorporated in Ireland to permit Apple to report its Europe-wide profits at effective rates well under 1 percent. The EU judgment could have been even huger, because EU time limits meant the judgment could include potential tax infringements dating only from 2003, not all the way back to Apple's original 1991 tax deal with Ireland. Still, Irish specialists in corporate tax estimate that the EU's order, if enforced, actually would total 19 billion euros ($20 billion) because of compounding interest from delayed payment. The centerpiece of Ireland's argument is that Vestager should have confined herself to policing illegal state aid that gives an unfair advantage to a particular company, whereas the EU has launched an assault on a policy that Ireland has offered to all foreign companies locating on its soil. The benefits are obvious in Ireland, which has the fastest-growing economy in Europe driven by the exports of about 1,000 multinationals that employ 5 percent of the workforce and generate nearly a quarter of economic output. Apple today is the biggest private employer in the Irish Republic's second-largest city, Cork, with a workforce exceeding 5,500. Economists estimate Apple's Cork operation pumps around 16 billion euros ($17 billion) annually in salaries, tax and investment into the Irish economy. "The purpose of the state aid rules is to tackle state interventions which confer a selective advantage. The state aid rules by their nature cannot remedy mismatches between tax systems on a global level," the Department of Finance brief argued as it contested the EU's contention that Apple got benefits denied to other companies based here. Company headquarters that have moved from St. Louis Here are the best large places to work in St. Louis Meet the best small businesses to work at in St. Louis See how St. Louis stocks are faring The Irish reply sets the stage for a titanic legal battle from Brussels to California and beyond that has implications for more than 600 U.S. multinationals based in Ireland and thousands more using tax-avoidance vehicles globally. Apple Inc. chief executive Tim Cook already has denounced the EU judgment, disputes its calculations, and says the company will pursue its own legal challenges expected to last years. Ireland, an EU member since 1973, for decades has charged a headline rate on corporate taxes of 12.5 percent —less than half the European norm and nearly a third the U.S. rate of 35 percent — and has facilitated the complex use of shell companies that help Apple and scores of other high-tech global enterprises, including social media and pharmaceutical leaders, to pay far less on non-U.S. sales of goods and services. The Department of Finance has pledged to close its shell company-focused rules, but that move is expected to create no obstacle to global companies, which can shift the same accounting strategies to other countries beyond the EU's wrath. Business Briefing from St. Louis Post-Dispatch Make it your business. Get twice-daily updates on what the St. Louis business community is talking about. This field is required. Sign Up! leave this blank I understand that registration constitutes agreement to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Tags Business General News Technology Economy Corporate Taxes Government Finance Government Business And Finance Government And Politics National Governments State Governments Corporate News Locations Ireland Europe United States Western Europe North America View (…) comments Most popular Missouri among 19 states where the minimum wage will increase on Jan. 1 Tesla's license to sell cars in Missouri expiring Washington University study raises questions about current welding safety standards Shri Thanedar succeeds in St. Louis, fails, then rises again in Michigan Those jobs Trump brags about are just a fraction of Sprint's huge layoffs Follow us Business columnists Jim Gallagher - Finance David Nicklaus - Economy Building Blocks Employer News Turn Seasonal Hires into All-Season Brand Ambassadors Latest in section Meet Val, the robot that could one day rule Mars Verdict reached for Apple in Samsung case Microsoft, NBC dissolve MSNBC.com Ellisville Best Buy one of 50 stores to be shuttered McDonnell heir slaps Boeing with $160 million infringement suit Donate to 100 Neediest Cases Vote now for your favorite photos! See ads from today's newspaper Manage your services Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Online Features Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2017 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Home News Local News Crime Mug Shots Call 4 Action Photo Galleries National News International Politics Trump Transition Holiday Season Religion Featured Stories New York Business Health Entertainment Hollywood Today Live What’s Trending Traffic Wake Up! Weather Today’s Forecast 7-Day Forecast Radar Current Conditions Satellite Weather Blog Fall Foliage Free Weather App Alerts Closings Marine Forecast Canada News 4 Investigates Investigations Inside The Epidemic Your Food Dicey Dining Sports Buffalo Bills News 4 in London Buffalo Sabres UB Bulls Buffalo Bandits Buffalo Bisons High School Scholar Athletes Super Bowl 50 Report It Watch Live Watch News 4 Now The CW23 TV Listings More Free Mobile Apps Text Alerts Email Newsletters Healthy Living Company Listings Events Calendar Contests Community Fun 4 Families Staff Bios Careers Broadcast Scholarship Fall Festivals Company Listings 40° F Overcast Hi: 40° F Lo: 37° F Today’s Forecast Radar 7-Day 1 Weather Alert Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local News Crime Mug Shots Call 4 Action Photo Galleries National News International Politics Trump Transition Holiday Season Religion Featured Stories New York Business Health Entertainment Hollywood Today Live What’s Trending Traffic Wake Up! Latest Headlines Phoenix police: Suspect arrested in highway carjacking case Updated: 15 mins ago PHOENIX (AP) — Phoenix police say a suspect has been arrested in connection with attempted carjackings on Interstate 17 last week. The Dec. … Forest fire destroys homes in hills above Chilean port city Updated: 15 mins ago SANTIAGO, Chile (AP) — Fire driven by strong winds swept through forest land in the hills outside the Chilean port of Valparaiso on Monday, … Trump expected to name lawyer Lighthizer as top trade rep Updated: 15 mins ago Dungeness crabbers continue strike from California to Canada Updated: 45 mins ago House GOP votes to gut independent ethics office Updated: 15 mins ago Weather Weather Today’s Forecast 7-Day Forecast Radar Current Conditions Satellite Weather Blog Fall Foliage Free Weather App Alerts Closings Marine Forecast Canada Current Conditions 40° F Overcast Feels Like: 33° F Wind: SE 12 Humidity: 83% Dewpoint: 35° F Sunrise: 7:46 AM Sunset: 4:52 PM Buffalo Weather Forecast 7-Day Currently Buffalo Radar Sponsored by: News 4 Investigates News 4 Investigates Investigations Inside The Epidemic Your Food Dicey Dining Latest Headlines Agents in the air help protect the border November 15, 2016 Special Report Look up the next you visit one of Western New York’s landmarks, and there’s a chance you’ll see federal agents in the air. U.S. Customs and … Love Canal lawsuits continue 40 years later October 31, 2016 The fight over one of America’s worst hazardous waste sites may be far from over. Nearly forty years after tons of toxic waste poisoned part… WNY Family fighting for domestic violence registry October 5, 2016 EPA plans next phase of creek clean-up September 7, 2016 State audit critical of nursing home enforcement procedures August 10, 2016 Sports Sports Buffalo Bills News 4 in London Buffalo Sabres UB Bulls Buffalo Bandits Buffalo Bisons High School Scholar Athletes Super Bowl 50 Latest Headlines Foulland has 20 and 12, Bucknell holds off Army Updated: 12 mins ago LEWISBURG, Pa. (AP) — Nana Foulland had 20 points and 12 rebounds, Zach Thomas added 19 points and Bucknell held off Army 84-76 on Monday ni… Denzel-Dyson leads Samford to 70-65 win over W Carolina Updated: 12 mins ago CULLOWHEE, N.C. (AP) — Demetrius Denzel-Dyson scored 15 points, Wyatt Walker added 11 and grabbed 12 rebounds, and Samford beat Western Caro… North Florida romps in 102-67 rout of Palm Beach Atlantic Updated: 12 mins ago Sibley scores 23, Furman holds off Mercer 71-67 in SoCon Updated: 12 mins ago Evans scores 25, Rice puts Charlotte away in second half Updated: 21 mins ago Report It Watch Live Watch News 4 Now The CW23 TV Listings More Free Mobile Apps Text Alerts Email Newsletters Healthy Living Company Listings Events Calendar Contests Community Fun 4 Families Staff Bios Careers Broadcast Scholarship Fall Festivals Company Listings Search for: Search the site 40° F Overcast Hi: 40° F Lo: 37° F Ireland to appeal EU’s record $14 billion tax order on Apple SHAWN POGATCHNIK, The Associated Press Published: December 18, 2016, 7:06 pm Updated: December 18, 2016, 7:46 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) DUBLIN (AP) — Ireland will appeal the European Union’s landmark order to collect a record 13 billion euros ($14 billion) in taxes from Apple, the Irish Department of Finance announced Monday. The Irish countermove comes nearly four months after EU competition authorities hit Apple with the back-tax bill based on its longtime reporting of European-wide profits through Ireland, which charges the American company only for sales on its own territory at Europe-low rates that in turn have been greatly reduced by the use of shell companies at home and abroad. In its formal legal summary , the Department of Finance declares that is the whole point of Ireland’s sales pitch to foreign investors — and asserts it is perfectly legal to levy far less tax on profits than imposed by competitors. It accuses EU competition authorities of unfairness, exceeding their competence and authority, and seeking to breach Ireland’s sovereignty in national tax affairs. The ruling unveiled Aug. 30 by EU Competition Commissioner Margrethe Vestager called on Apple to pay Ireland the 13 billion euros for gross underpayment of tax on profits across the European bloc from 2003 to 2014. Her report concluded that Cupertino, California-based Apple used two shell companies incorporated in Ireland to permit Apple to report its Europe-wide profits at effective rates well under 1 percent. The EU judgment could have been even huger, because EU time limits meant the judgment could include potential tax infringements dating only from 2003, not all the way back to Apple’s original 1991 tax deal with Ireland. Still, Irish specialists in corporate tax estimate that the EU’s order, if enforced, actually would total 19 billion euros ($20 billion) because of compounding interest from delayed payment. The centerpiece of Ireland’s argument is that Vestager should have confined herself to policing illegal state aid that gives an unfair advantage to a particular company, whereas the EU has launched an assault on a policy that Ireland has offered to all foreign companies locating on its soil. The benefits are obvious in Ireland, which has the fastest-growing economy in Europe driven by the exports of about 1,000 multinationals that employ 5 percent of the workforce and generate nearly a quarter of economic output. Apple today is the biggest private employer in the Irish Republic’s second-largest city, Cork, with a workforce exceeding 5,500. Economists estimate Apple’s Cork operation pumps around 16 billion euros ($17 billion) annually in salaries, tax and investment into the Irish economy. “The purpose of the state aid rules is to tackle state interventions which confer a selective advantage. The state aid rules by their nature cannot remedy mismatches between tax systems on a global level,” the Department of Finance brief argued as it contested the EU’s contention that Apple got benefits denied to other companies based here. The Irish reply sets the stage for a titanic legal battle from Brussels to California and beyond that has implications for more than 600 U.S. multinationals based in Ireland and thousands more using tax-avoidance vehicles globally. Apple Inc. chief executive Tim Cook already has denounced the EU judgment, disputes its calculations, and says the company will pursue its own legal challenges expected to last years. Ireland, an EU member since 1973, for decades has charged a headline rate on corporate taxes of 12.5 percent —less than half the European norm and nearly a third the U.S. rate of 35 percent — and has facilitated the complex use of shell companies that help Apple and scores of other high-tech global enterprises, including social media and pharmaceutical leaders, to pay far less on non-U.S. sales of goods and services. The Department of Finance has pledged to close its shell company-focused rules, but that move is expected to create no obstacle to global companies, which can shift the same accounting strategies to other countries beyond the EU’s wrath. Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » WIVB.com provides commenting to allow for constructive discussion on the stories we cover. In order to comment here, you acknowledge you have read and agreed to our Terms of Service. Commenters who violate these terms, including use of vulgar language or racial slurs, will be banned. Please be respectful of the opinions of others. If you see an inappropriate comment, please flag it for our moderators to review. Note: Comments containing links are not allowed. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Special Report Fighting fake news December 26, 2016 Special Report Studies show almost a quarter of American adults have shared a fake news story. Here are some tips to make sure you’re sharing the real deal… Latest Stories Trending Stories Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WIVB News 4 Buffalo, NY © 2000-2016 LIN Television Corporation, a Media General company. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections Local News Weather Investigative Sports Report It Watch News 4 Live Station Contact Us Send a Birthday Photo Advertise Careers Internship Application Broadcast Scholarship Privacy Policy Terms of Use FCC Public File EEO Report Children’s TV Programming Report More Free Mobile Apps Text Alerts Email Newsletters Calendar Contests Community Staff Bios Our Partners CW23 WNLO Media General CBS CNN Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Instagram Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 25° | Max. 32° Air Quality: PSI 29-51 We set you thinking Tuesday 3 January 2017 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream World Peru demands cash upfront from Odebrecht in plea deal talks 1483395535 World Investigators question Israel's Netanyahu over alleged receipt of gifts 1483396140 Singapore All eyes on payouts as ElderShield review gets under way 1483387260 World Syrian rebels say they froze talks on Russian-backed peace conference due to ceasefire violations 1483395009 World Factbox: Brazil's history of violent prison uprisings 1483394606 World Around 60 killed as drug gangs clash in Brazil prison massacre 1483388005 World U.S. general sees Islamic State's capability waning in east Mosul 1483380162 World Islamic State kills 24 with Baghdad car bomb, attack police stations in Samarra 1483393911 World Murders in notoriously violent El Salvador drop 20 percent in 2016: police 1483390651 World No proof Russian hacking influenced U.S. election: Trump spokesman 1483387038 World Christmas message leads to death threats, police case in Pakistan 1483387902 World Suicide bombers attack two police stations in Iraq's Samarra: sources 1483386178 World Deputy leader of Libya's U.N.-backed government resigns 1483385945 World Italy's 5-Star Movement unveils ethics code; critics cry hypocrisy 1483385622 World Migrants in U.S., Mexico fret about Trump threat to halt remittances 1483388316 World In Iraq, Hollande vows to tackle foreign fighters and their children 1483357612 China&India China expects ivory trade ban to enhance its image 1483387321 Sports Scorpion King Giroud gets 2017 off to a flying start 1483387320 Voices Rein in private sector charges to revive S’pore as medical tourism hub 1483387320 Business Intelligent-tech arms race looming at CES 1483387320 Entertainment Korean ban sees Japanese works make it big in China 1483387319 Lifestyle The dark (and often dubious) art of forecasting food trends 1483387319 China&India Modi cash ban brings pain, but corruption-weary India grits teeth in support 1483387319 China More economic uncertainty hanging over China 1483387318 Singapore Outgoing director proud ITE no longer plagued by negative stereotypes 1483387318 Singapore Onwards to a new fare formula for public transport 1483387318 Singapore Complex dynamics at play ahead of presidential poll 1483387317 Business China should set flexible 2017 growth target: Adviser 1483387317 Sports Shanghai Sipg supporters welcome oscar, their S$96m man 1483387317 Commentary Tricky, but necessary, to build resilience against security threats 1483387316 World How Japan resists the populist tide 1483387316 Singapore Ride-sharing service for schoolchildren kicks off today 1483387315 Voices Raising age limit for driving instructors could pose safety risk 1483387315 Voices ICA should shed more light on why SingPost is assigned iris scan collector 1483387315 Sports Singapore silat aiming high for 2017 SEA Games 1483387314 Sports Guru-Guru masters his rivals for New Year win 1483387314 World Massacre at upscale nightclub exposes Turkey’s fault lines 1483387314 Sports Amri goes from Young Lion to third-time Stag 1483387313 Sports New Hougang head coach Philippe Aw to focus on youth 1483387313 World US condemns North Korea’s ‘provocative’ missile plan 1483387313 Voices Have a space for former Rochor residents to gather 1483387312 Voices Republic could carve niche for itself in advanced manufacturing 1483387312 Singapore New chief aims to continue making technical education fulfilling 1483387312 Voices Criminal Legal Aid Scheme plays vital role in access to justice 1483387311 World Trump’s Indonesia projects proceed despite potential conflicts of interest 1483387306 Business Want a bold 2017 prediction? Nothing will change 1483387305 World Pope tells bishops to have zero tolerance for sexual abuse 1483374001 World Member of anti-IS coalition killed in Iraq in non-combat incident 1483380129 World Daughter of South Korean leader's friend arrested in Denmark amid graft probe 1483377511 World France tries Equatorial Guinea leader's son in absentia in corruption case 1483376232 Business Apple appeals against EU tax ruling, Brussels says no cause for low tax bill mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 8:20 AM, December 19, 2016 Updated: 5:30 AM, December 20, 2016 BRUSSELS - Apple Inc. <AAPL.O> appealed on Monday against a $14-billion tax demand as the European Union issued details of its ruling that the iPhone maker won sweetheart tax deals from the Irish government which amounted to illegal subsidies. The tech giant's combative stand -- its lead lawyer told Reuters that Apple was a "convenient target" for an EU antitrust chief driven by "headlines" -- underlined its anger with the European Commission, which it says ignored evidence from Irish experts before the decision on Aug. 30. The Obama administration also voiced displeasure at what it said was the European Union helping itself to cash that should have ended up in the United States while many in Silicon Valley saw it as further proof that an envious Europe, having lost out on new tech markets, is trying to rig regulations against them. Competition Commissioner Margrethe Vestager has rejected those claims and on Monday, while making no new comment on a case which is also being appealed by the Dublin government, the EU executive published an edited text of her judgment. Apple's Irish tax arrangements have allowed it to pay tax at a rate of 3.8 percent on $200 billion of overseas profits over the past 10 years, according to a Reuters analysis of corporate filings. This is a fraction of the tax rate in the countries where Apple’s products are designed, made and sold. The low rate is achieved by Apple telling U.S. authorities that the profits are earned by Irish units. Meanwhile, Apple and Ireland agree the profits are generated in the United States. Among elements revealed by the Commission's edited text was a record of a meeting between an Apple tax adviser and the Irish revenue service in 1990 in which they discussed setting an apparently arbitrary ceiling on the profit on which Apple's Irish unit would be taxed locally. A year after Apple's Irish branch had recorded a net profit of $270 million, its tax adviser proposed that no more than $30-40 million a year be taxed in Ireland, since the rest was attributable to technology and marketing businesses elsewhere. "[Apple’s tax adviser] confessed there was no scientific basis for the figure. However the figure was of such magnitude that he hoped it would be seen to be a bona-fide proposal," the excerpt cited in the Commission judgment read. The reference is part of the Commission's case that Ireland gave Apple special treatment to induce it to base its European operations in the country and channel profits through Ireland. While independent tax experts scanned the documentation for more clues to Vestager's overall approach, another element that stood out was its concern about the way Dublin did not set time limits on its rulings on how Apple's income would be taxed. That could signal trouble for other multinationals facing Brussels' ire, not just in Ireland but in several other EU countries. U.S. TAX REFORM Apple lodged its appeal at the EU's General Court, setting up a legal battle that has strained Transatlantic relations and could remain a factor after celebrity businessman Donald Trump succeeds Obama in the White House next month. The U.S. Treasury Department said in a statement it continued to believe‎ that "the Commission is retroactively applying a sweeping new state aid theory that is contrary to well-established legal principles, calls into question the tax rules of individual countries, and threatens to undermine the overall business climate in Europe‎. Moreover, it threatens to erode America's corporate tax base." The Irish government, which faces anger at home among opposition politicians that it is trying to turn down a huge tax windfall, separately published its legal arguments against the Commission's case on Monday, saying Brussels had exceeded its powers and stepped on EU states' sovereignty. Lawyers have previously said it was impossible to predict how EU courts will rule in an area that has not been tested before. Ireland’s tax treatments, now amended, have allowed Apple to avoid tax on tens of billions of dollars of non-U.S. profit. The Commission says the Irish units conducted key functions for developing the Apple brand and that Dublin underestimated their importance when determining their taxable profit. Apple says all the research and development takes place in the United States, which is also where key decisions about its products are made, meaning taxes should be paid there. Under U.S. tax law, however, companies pay tax on global profits but only when they are repatriated to the United States. The incoming Trump administration could change this. REUTERS mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble ‘Tweaks' to property cooling measures worth exploring, say industry players Writedown fears wipe $5 billion off Toshiba's value as it weighs options World markets end volatile year mostly in the black What Singapore needs to face challenges in 2017: NTUC asst secretary-general Want a bold 2017 prediction? Nothing will change Wall St. thinks stocks will rise in 2017 - What could go wrong? Wall St. set to end 2016 with a whimper Wall St. edges up in low volume, boosted by tech shares Wall St. edges lower as bank shares fall Volkswagen recalls 4,481 cars in Russia: standards watchdog Vestas' strong 2016 finish offsets worry over Trump energy policy Inside Today World Investigators question Israel's Netanyahu over alleged receipt of gifts Peru demands cash upfront from Odebrecht in plea deal talks Syrian rebels say they froze talks on Russian-backed peace conference due to ceasefire violations Factbox: Brazil's history of violent prison uprisings Islamic State kills 24 with Baghdad car bomb, attack police stations in Samarra Business Intelligent-tech arms race looming at CES China should set flexible 2017 growth target: Adviser Want a bold 2017 prediction? Nothing will change Bitcoin jumps above $1,000 for first time in three years South Korea bans sales of some Nissan, BMW and Porsche models Sports Scorpion King Giroud gets 2017 off to a flying start Shanghai Sipg supporters welcome oscar, their S$96m man Singapore silat aiming high for 2017 SEA Games Guru-Guru masters his rivals for New Year win New Hougang head coach Philippe Aw to focus on youth Entertainment Korean ban sees Japanese works make it big in China Proud mom Pink shares first sibling photo with new baby ‘Absurd’: Dick Clark Productions rejects Mariah Carey’s sabotage claim Benedict Cumberbatch and Sherlock Holmes: A match made in history Mariah Carey’s New Year’s Eve nightmare in Times Square About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions About MediaCorp Copyright 2017 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Apple to appeal EU tax ruling this week, says it was a "convenient target" By Reuters Published: 19:00 EST, 18 December 2016 | Updated: 19:00 EST, 18 December 2016 e-mail By Foo Yun Chee CUPERTINO, Calif., Dec 19 (Reuters) - Apple will launch a legal challenge this week to a record $14 billion EU tax demand, arguing that EU regulators ignored tax experts and corporate law and deliberately picked a method to maximise the penalty, senior executives said. Apple's combative stand underlines its anger with the European Commission, which said on Aug. 30 the company's Irish tax deal was illegal state aid and ordered it to repay up to 13 billion euros ($13.8 billion) to Ireland, where Apple has its European headquarters. European Competition Commissioner Margrethe Vestager, a former Danish economy minister, said Apple's Irish tax bill implied a tax rate of 0.005 percent in 2014. Apple intends to lodge an appeal against the Commission's ruling at Europe's second highest court this week, its General Counsel Bruce Sewell and Chief Financial Officer Luca Maestri told Reuters in an interview at the company's global headquarters in Cupertino. The iPhone and iPad maker was singled out because of its success, Sewell said. "Apple is not an outlier in any sense that matters to the law. Apple is a convenient target because it generates lots of headlines. It allows the commissioner to become Dane of the year for 2016," he said, referring to the title accorded by Danish newspaper Berlingske last month. Apple will tell judges the Commission was not diligent in its investigation because it disregarded tax experts brought in by Irish authorities. "Now the Irish have put in an expert opinion from an incredibly well-respected Irish tax lawyer. The Commission not only didn't attack that - didn't argue with it, as far as we know - they probably didn't even read it. Because there is no reference (in the EU decision) whatsoever," Sewell said. SHELTERING PROFITS The European Commission accused Ireland in 2014 of dodging international tax rules by letting Apple shelter profits worth tens of billions of dollars from tax collectors in return for maintaining jobs. Apple and Ireland denied the accusation. The Commission's tax demand angered the U.S. government, which accused the EU of grabbing revenue intended for U.S. coffers. Apple also intends to challenge the EU enforcer's basis for its case, arguing that the "crazy notion of non-residency" was chosen on purpose to produce a punitive amount. Other arguments the EU could have used could have been based on transfer pricing - the pricing strategy between a company's units - or the "arm's length" principle adopted by companies to sell and buy from affiliates as if they were unrelated firms. "Both of those other two theories at least could be fleshed out, but they produced much lower numbers," Sewell said. He added it was not possible for Apple to comply with the EU decision because it would mean Ireland violating its own past tax laws setting different rules for residents and non-resident companies. The Irish government is also appealing against the European Commission's tax demand. It believes it must protect a tax regime that has attracted many multinational employers to the country. Apple plans to tell the court that the Commission erred when it ruled that the head office of Irish-registered units Apple Sales International (ASI) and Apple Operations Europe existed only on paper, with no justification for the billions of euros it posted in untaxed profits. Sewell said the fact that an entity was a holding company with no employees on its books did not mean it was inactive and it could be actively managed by employees of its parent company. "So when Tim Cook, who is the CEO of our company, makes decisions that impact ASI, the Commission says we don't care because he is not an ASI employee, he is an Apple Inc employee. But to say that somehow Tim Cook can't make decisions for ASI is a complete mis-statement of corporate law, it's a misunderstanding of how corporations operate," he said. "ABSURD THEORY" Maestri said the Commission over-estimated the importance of the company's European headquarters in Cork in the south of Ireland. "(Vestager) is arguing that the base on which we should pay taxes in Ireland is essentially all the profits we generate outside the United States ... in a place that doesn't do any engineering, doesn't generate any intellectual property for us," he said, adding it was an "absurd theory." The company hopes U.S. president-elect Donald Trump will enact reforms to tackle tax avoidance which have led to trillions of dollars in profits being held abroad by U.S. companies, Sewell said. Europeans, he said, were operating under a localised tax system, while the United States had a global deferred system. "The difference between those two creates exactly the kind of loophole that the Commission has now been able to exploit," he said. Trump's White House victory moves Apple and other big U.S. corporations closer to winning a big tax break on $2.6 trillion in foreign profits, experts say. Currently, a law lets U.S. companies hold foreign profits overseas without paying U.S. corporate tax on them, unless those profits are brought into the United States. Corporations have $2.6 trillion stashed abroad under this law. Apple topped the list with $200 billion of profits held overseas, according to March estimates by Citizens for Tax Justice, a corporate income tax watchdog group in Washington. (Graphic: http://tmsnrt.rs/2eBx2BO). ($1 = 0.9422 euros) (Reporting by Foo Yun Chee; editing by Philip Blenkinsop and Adrian Croft) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Jack Branning is left devastated on EastEnders after discovering wife Ronnie has drowned... as fans are left in tears by the Mitchell sisters' death  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Angelina Jolie takes sweet twins Vivienne and Knox and daughter Shiloh for ice cream during Colorado ski trip... without Brad Susanna Reid, 46, is flooded with compliments as she bravely posts barefaced 'blemishes, lines and flaws' selfie next to filtered make-up snap Are you wheel-y sure you want to do that, Wiggo? Bradley Wiggins signs up for The Jump... days after retiring from professional cycling Hope he's insured Daisy Lowe looks scorching in a pale pink cutaway bikini as she flaunts her Strictly weight loss on Miami beach Looks stunning Daisy Lowe shows off her kooky sense of style on holiday as she pairs a skimpy white bikini with trainers She seemed in particularly high spirits 'I lost half a stone in two weeks eating M&S ready meals!' We challenged two women to try what might be the easiest diet EVER! SPONSORED Bella Thorne flaunts pert derriere in a tiny bikini on holiday in the Bahamas... and even covers herself in body glitter Absolutely stunning 'Losing a child never leaves you': Kym Marsh admits Corrie stillbirth was 'heartbreaking' eight years after losing own baby - as she poses with daughter Polly, five 'He's not bothered': Michelle Keegan insists husband Mark Wright is unfazed by steamy sex scenes... after admitting they 'talk through' her roles Can Mel and Sue keep Ant and Dec from 16th TV Presenter of the Year gong? Departing Bake Off favourites leave on a high as they lead National Television Awards nominations PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Angelina Jolie hits the slopes with her kids during Colorado ski trip... as she enjoys NYE getaway in wake of Brad Pitt split  Doutzen Kroes displays model figure in cropped top and tiny shorts while hitting beach in Miami with family Looking ssssexy! TOWIE's Kate Wright shows off her eye-popping assets in snakeskin swimsuit as she continues to wow during Dubai break 'The hard grafting has paid off'! MIC's Louise Thompson poses in a nude bikini... before being launched into the air by her burly beau Ryan in the Maldives PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Wild thing Daisy Lowe wears her leopard-print bra to the beach as she cosies up to handsome mystery man on the beach in Miami Weed belong together: Mariah Carey spotted heading into a marijuana dispensary on Christmas Eve, just one week before her Times Square meltdown  Trouble in paradise? Nicole Kidman and Keith Urban 'had a red carpet argument' at her Lion premiere in Sydney just days before dancing up a storm on stage on NYE Rich Kids of Instagram's Lana Scolaro loses her bikini top on sunshine break in St Barts... after shooting to fame with THAT Robin Thicke snap EastEnders star Samantha Womack sparks Twitter frenzy as she tweets about enjoying a swim... just hours after her character drowned  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Shirtless former Strictly pro Gleb Savchenko displays his rippling abs as he packs on the PDA with wife Elena on Miami beach 'I'm gonna smash it!' Lauren Goodger slips into lingerie for pre-weight loss selfie before filming derriere during workout... as she vows to regain her 'big butt' in 2017 Kourtney Kardashian and Scott Disick put on a united front in Aspen as they pose on their private jet They split up in summer 2015 'Need a decorator's number?' Little Mix's Jesy Nelson is inundated with interior advice from fans after they're left shocked by her Instagram snap Wat-son your screen, Dr? Sherlock viewers left scratching their heads by epic blunder... as series return draws in best audience of New Year's Day Full of 1940s intrigue and sex, Halcyon is Downton if the butler had an evil streak! As ITV unveils its wartime blockbuster, our critic CHRISTOPHER STEVENS is gripped Downton Abbey in a hotel - with jazz, Nazis, and a less handsome Night Manager who stuck to his day job... The Halcyon was not a place you'd want to stay, by JIM SHELLEY X Factor runner-up Rebecca Ferguson 'graciously accepts' invitation to sing at  inauguration of Donald Trump... if she can perform track protesting against racism The pathologist's corpses were more lifelike than this twaddle: Christopher Stevens reviews last night's TV  Always looks like she's on her way to an awards Fit couple! Mark Wahlberg shows off sculpted body while wife Rhea Durham is red hot in bikini on holiday in Barbados Super buff Still on! Jennifer Lawrence, 26, enjoys romantic New Year's Eve stroll with boyfriend Darren Aronofsky, 47 Looked like a picture-perfect couple Lizzie Cundy, 46, negotiates risqué red swimsuit while throwing herself enthusiastically into beachside ball games during Maldives getaway Star in stripes: Natalie Portman keeps it comfortable in patterned top and hoodie while on morning walk in LA Appeared quite far along as she stepped out Strictly's Janette Manrara flaunts taut physique in skimpy pink bikini as she joins co-star fiancé Alja korjanec and his ex-dance partner Daisy Lowe on Miami beach Burr-illiant! Vlogger Tanya debuts new bob and shows off enviable curves in animal print swimsuit during idyllic holiday in the Maldives Lucky woman 'It was definitely the most traumatic year of my life': Charlotte Crosby reveals she is glad 2016 is over... after ectopic pregnancy and split from Gaz Beadle Calum Best touches down in London ahead of rumoured Celebrity Big Brother stint... where he is set to reunite with former flame Bianca Gascoigne The look of love! Margot Robbie beams as she arrives back in LA with new husband Tom Ackerley... after tying the knot in secret ceremony in Australia Newly-engaged Serena Williams flashes her ring as she steps out with her Reddit co-founder fiance Alexis Ohanian in New Zealand Proposed last week All tied up! TOWIE;s Kate Wright sizzles in plunging bondage inspired khaki bikini as she soaks up the sun in Dubai  On a girls' break  Avert your eyes! Braless Lisa Appleton, 48, leaves NOTHING to the imagination in raunchy lace dress during wild night out in Manchester Nicola McLean, Spencer Pratt and Stevi Ritchie arrive at their hotel as they prepare to make their Celebrity Big Brother return for all star series Izabel Goulart flaunts her supermodel figure in TINY crochet bikini as she frolics on the beach in St Barts  Every inch the Brazilian bombshell  Bonding time! Nicola Peltz rocks a black bikini as she hugs her brother Will on family holiday together In an idyllic Instagram photo Margot Robbie stuns in a leopard print one piece as she cosies up to new husband Tom Ackerley at the beach with friends... after secretly tying the knot Newly-single Katie Waissel hits Miami beach with another male pal in Miami... weeks after splitting from second husband Brian Moote Keeping her on her toes! Chrissy Teigen shows off legs in LBD as she does impressive plié while carrying baby Luna Impressive skills Pregnant Rochelle Humes flaunts her blossoming baby bump in chic black swimsuit in the Maldives before sharing a bath with daughter Alaia-Mai 'Time to start a new year being happy, healthy and ambitious': Katie Price praises husband Keiran Hayler and kids as she vows to give up alcohol Love's young dream: Elle Fanning enjoys giggly lunch date with boyfriend Dylan Beck The 18-year-old couldn't control her laughter while in a black jumpsuit MIC's Frankie Gaff shares racy belfie as she and Jamie Laing pack on the PDA during break in Dubai... leaving their relationship woes firmly behind them 'Private pool suits me just fine!' Ashley Graham shows off her hourglass curves in racy white swimsuit as she takes a dip in the Seychelles Susan Sarandon's daughter Eva Amurri Martino reveals baby son suffered a cracked skull after a night nurse dropped him Now battling depression New year, new nails! Tobey Maguire's ex Jennifer Meyer makes manicure her priority at start of 2017 She dressed in ripped jeans Billie Lourd breaks her silence with moving tribute to mother Carrie Fisher and grandmother Debbie Reynolds The 24-year-old actress posted a picture Sara Sampaio flaunts her trim figure and pert posterior in pretty print swimsuit as she enjoys a sunbathing session on Mexican holiday Positively heaven sent  Ronnie and Roxy Mitchell suffer ANOTHER grisly fate in alternate ending for EastEnders New Year episode... after fans praise the duo's exit  Stella McCartney covers up in a floaty kaftan as she enjoys romantic beach stroll with husband Alasdhair Willis in St Barts Festive family trip  Fifi Box's ex Grant Kenny 'devastated' after the actress 'spends the night' with her Neighbours co-star and new love Damien Richardson  Reunited! Julianne Hough goes makeup free in an adorable family selfie with fiancé Brooks Laich and their fur babies Lexi and Harley Bianca Gascoigne shows off her ample assets in orange sequin bikini as she hits the water in sunny Mexico ahead of her Celebrity Big Brother debut Rebecca Romijn flaunts rock hard abs at 44 while on holiday with husband Jerry O'Connell and twin daughters Rebecca Romijn had no problems showing it off 'He said I was a lousy lay': A victim of Tony Curtis's vile gossip, in her own words, how screen legend DEBBIE REYNOLDS was abused in Hollywood   Happy New Rear! Danielle Lloyd showcases her toned curves in a red-hot swimsuit as she soaks up some winter sun in Dubai Rooney prostitute Jenny Thompson flaunts her legs in red playsuit as fellow EOTB newbie Zara Jackson gets racy in lace on a night out in Manchester She's red hot! Gwen Stefani unveiled as new face of Revlon  Her trademark bright red lipstick was in evidence as she was named brand ambassador Gemma Oaten displays her taut abs in steamy New Year's underwear selfie as she puts dramatic romance with presenter Nick Knowles behind her Two weeks to go! Sasha and Malia return from Hawaii with their parents after their last family vacation aboard Air Force One Saw his grandad's grave Taking a gamble on love? Jennifer Lopez and Drake hit high-roller tables in Vegas together after she supports him at NYE gig At MGM Grand casino Celebrity Big Brother tipped to be the 'sexiest yet' as show bosses make smaller beds to 'encourage intimacy' between housemates Starts this week Down she goes! Josie Gibson winces in pain as she takes a tumble on her skis during practice session for new series of injury-stricken show The Jump Pregnant Ciara posts cute photos of her baby bump as she rings in 2017 with her growing family Expecting her second child  Coffee date! Vanessa Hudgens rocks cropped sweater and extremely tight trousers during outing with boyfriend Austin Butler Both in Studio City  'He really wanted to be in the movie': Robin Williams was turned down for iconic Hagrid role in Harry Potter franchise because he wasn't British Unlikely pals Tallia Storm, 18, and Chris Evans, 50, enjoy beach day as they see in the New Year with their families in Barbados Firm friendship Patrick Schwarzenegger hits pool as he takes girlfriend Abby Champion on family holiday in Mexico with Maria Shriver Dick Clark Productions slams Mariah Carey's accusations of sabotage as 'frankly absurd' after diva's epic lip syncing meltdown she blamed on faulty earpiece  'The loneliness became desperate': Kate Bush describes 'cruel' bullying during her teenage years at Catholic girls' school in newly resurfaced essay Hilary Duff parades her toned pins in skimpy bikini bottoms as she tries her hand at surfing during New Year's break to Hawaii Surf's up New year, old pals! Jonah Hill and Michael Cera enjoy low-key Superbad reunion ten years on  Enjoyed a stroll in SoHo district of Manhattan Bernie Ecclestone, 86, and wife Fabiana Flosi, 38, explore Gstaad as they ring in the New Year with the family in Switzerland Winter wonderland  Frances Bean Cobain's battle to get ex to return her late father Kurt Cobain's priceless guitar is heading for a multi-million dollar court case Just another day in paradise! MIC's Louise Thompson and Ryan Libbey show off toned beach bodies as they enjoy a snorkel trip in the Maldives 'I'm heartbroken': Fans devastated by Sherlock episode as Amanda Abbington takes a bullet after her real-life split from on-screen husband Martin Freeman Conor McGregor looks sharp in suit at sister Aoife's wedding in Ireland... as the UFC superstar continues to enjoy his break from the octagon Nude ambition! Kady McDermott goes underwear-free in slinky salmon dress as she attends Love Island party with leggy Rachel Fenton Billie Piper goes incognito in oversized denim jacket during casual stroll in London... as ex-husband Laurence Fox talks first Christmas alone Newly-single Katie Waissel cosies up to a mystery man in Miami... weeks after splitting from second husband Brian Moote Marriage lasted a year 'Jumping into 2017 like': Karlie Kloss bares flat midriff in bikini as she leaps into the Caribbean In the celebrity haven on St Barths Feeling fruity! Lucy Watson shows off her Barbados tan in a mismatched bikini as she kicks back on inflatable pineapple with shirtless beau James Lauren Goodger parties with jailbird boyfriend's sister for New Year's Eve as she vows to quit booze for a month Getting close to 'in-laws' In the swim! Naomi Watts enjoys the warm waters off Cancun with sons during New Year's family getaway The actress, 48, donned a turquoise swimsuit 'Guess you f****d my missus!' Jeremy McConnell accused of sleeping with a fan's girlfriend... as pregnant ex Stephanie Davis prepares for due date That's what girlfriends are for! Katie Salmon helps new squeeze Dani avoid an embarrassing nip slip as they put on a loved-up display in Manchester Georgia May Jagger rocks wild leopard print lingerie and sparkling bling as she writhes around in bed for LOVE's Video Advent A walk on the wild side  Hilary Duff shows off her toned torso in a bikini as she larks around with son Luca in the Hawaii surf The tot held his famous mother's hand CHRISTOPHER STEVENS: Sherlock's now so clever-clever, it's stupid  The Mail's critic pans the New Year's Day special and awards it one star 'It's not a set thing': Ben Affleck won't direct his Batman standalone if it doesn't come together to his liking The 44-year-old actor is picky about his projects Glowing Holly Willoughby looks sun-kissed as she enjoys romantic beach stroll with shirtless husband Dan Baldwin in Barbados She sings! Gisele Bundchen performs sweet track while strumming the guitar by pool in new video Clearly a woman of many talents  Ex On The Beach's Jemma Lucy flashes her pert derriere in skimpy purple T-shirt... after going totally NAKED in saucy sunbed selfie Making resolutions! Rob Kardashian works up a sweat on a two-hour trek with Blac Chyna... days after health scare left him hospitalised George Michael's lover Fadi Fawaz reveals the singer died alone after he slept in his car and denies posting tweets saying star had tried to kill himself many times  Newly single Bella Thorne enjoys NYE smooch with model pal Kyra Santoro as she rings in 2017 with her girlfriends in the Bahamas Lea Michele lays her naked ambition bare as she poses for racy New Year snap Completely nude except for an animated frond pasted over her derrière Now that's one way to RING in the New Year! Ashley Greene flaunts her engagement bling as she celebrates 2017 in Sydney with new fiancé Paul Khoury Lisa Snowdon, 44, showcases her ample assets as she slips into a plunging blue bikini in saucy throwback snap from Down Under Bikini babe  'Get your happy a**es home!': Kim Zolciak misses daughter Brielle Biermann and beau Michael Kopech as they enjoy getaway in Niagara Falls Shameless actress Tina Malone calls in police after abuse from Twitter trolls body-shaming her for weight loss Shameless star 'upset' 'The best way to start 2017': Jessica Alba soaks up the sun in a bikini as she and her daughters celebrate the New Year on Hawaiian beach Meghan the budding star: Actress poses for series of publicity photos after landing a role in daytime TV show 13 years before she met Prince Harry  'Stand strong and move forward!' Nicole Scherzinger flaunts her phenomenal bikini body as she shares her New Year's resolve from Hawaii 'Men think they are there for pleasure': Alicia Douvall says her bum implants have ruined her sex life... and is undecided about ditching leaking lifts Jeremy Clarkson's VERY racy party girls: Grand Tour star is pictured with a host of society's most eligible women at New Year's Eve party  Lizzie Cundy, 46, shows off her tanned and toned figure in sizzling cut-out monokini as she hits the beach during idyllic Maldives getaway Mariah Carey kisses Bryan Tanaka in preview clip of reality show after he pops out of cake and gives lap dance Preview of her new show Ashley James flaunts her enviably toned abs in series of sizzling skimpy bikinis as she soaks up the sun during exotic break in Gambia Iconic duo Ronnie and Roxy Mitchell meet 'sad but beautiful' end on EastEnders as they drown in New Year's Day special Fans praised acting Tired of the beach? Covered up Ashley Olsen, 30, caresses shirtless beau Richard Sachs, 58, during trail hike in St. Barts This is the life 'Boy crazy!' Ellen Pompeo cradles her newborn son Eli as she dances around her kitchen Became a mum for the third time in December Steps girls Claire Richards, Faye Tozer and Lisa Scott Lee amp up the glamour in glittering ensembles as the band reunite for NYE gig at London's G-A-Y 'Happiest New Year!' Bella Hadid shares selfie blowing on party horn as she rings in 2017 with Kendall Jenner and Jordyn Woods 'Sad when bae leaves': Ariel Winter, 18, pouts over absent Levi Meaden,29... after ringing in New Year with a kiss Sulky Snapchat  Would you dare to wear a FIDDLER CAP? Bella Hadid signals that the formerly naff accessory is making an unlikely comeback for 2017  'Counting my blessings': Karlie Kloss winks as she shows off her famous figure in black bikini in St Barts Showing off her model body Rogue One takes $64M over New Year weekend to become the US's second highest grossing film of 2016... as Disney sweeps year-end top three Chip off the old block! Brooklyn Beckham theatrically dives from boat as holiday break in Maldives continues He's got skills! 'Bodies of every size': Lena Dunham bares cleavage in lingerie for New Year's Day photo-shoot Sending a message with racy shot 'Partner in life!' Rachel Zoe and Rodger Berman share NYE kiss as they celebrate 25 years together Midnight smooch They tied the knot! UnREAL cco-stars Johanna Braddy and Freddie Stroma start 2017 as newlyweds They had been dating since meeting in 2015 'Nose problems': Marco Pierre White Jr shares second horrifying nosebleed in days on Snapchat... after hinting they were caused by drug use If you've got it... Chloe Ferry flashes her derriere as she joins the scantily-clad Geordie Shore girls for raucous NYE pool party at Charlotte Crosby's lavish mansion Hard day's twerk! Bella Thorne dances on the back of a truck in the Bahamas Spent a bit of New Year's Day twerking on a stationary truck  'I love my man!' Jessica Simpson shares sultry couple shot with husband Eric Johnson New Year, same handsome beau Bod Jovi! Shirtless Jon Bon Jovi, 54, shows off his impressive physique as he goes for a dip in St Barths It seems he has looked good, always '1st selfie of the new year!' Ciara shares a picture of her growing bump as she supports her man at NFL game Nw baby on the way in 2017 Andrew Garfield cheers on the Los Angeles Lakers courtside as awards season looms for Hacksaw Ridge star Sports fan Victoria's Secret stunner Bridget Malcolm flashes underboob as she poses TOPLESS on a disco ball to celebrate 2017 in sexy Playboy shoot 'I wish everyone this kind of love!' Kelly Clarkson plants a kiss on son Remington for New Year's greeting Gave birth on April 12, 2016 'They're perky!': Cynthia Bailey takes RHOA castmates to her breast exam... and lets them squeeze her implants Could never be accused of being shy  Check out My Lean physique! Busty Myleene Klass flaunts her famed bikini body in TINY two-piece during festive family Sri Lanka trip She looked incredible Trying to impress? Ansel Elgort enjoys a shirtless workout... as girlfriend Violetta Komyshan looks on Enjoyed a productive New Year's Day Party time! Kendall Jenner steps out in black negligee while Hailey Baldwin stuns in white mini dress as the pals celebrate New Year's Eve in Hollywood Revealed: Jennifer Lopez quietly turned up to support her new beau Drake at his NYE show in Las Vegas The 47-year-old showed her support Living it up! Jamie Foxx welcomes the new year with a boy's night in Miami Hit 1 Hotel in the South Beach neighbourhood  'This isn't a baby, it's just food': Newly-slim Scarlett Moffatt says friends asked if she was PREGNANT at her heaviest... as she admits she couldn't bare to look at herself naked Jeremy McConnell kisses mystery blonde in steamy NYE clinch... days before anniversary of CBB romance with pregnant ex Stephanie Davis Norman Cook returns home from NYE gig in Italy after a lonely Christmas following split from Zoe Ball... while she celebrates six months of sobriety Louis Tomlinson's ex Briana Jungwirth coos over their giggling son Freddie in old family videos... as she reveals that their baby has taken his first steps Make-up free Chloe Khan shows off natural beauty as well as her famously enhanced assets in racy swimsuit selfie at luxurious London spa Kordell Stewart sends ex Porsha Williams a cease and desist letter after nude video of him is leaked on internet The former NFL star has threatened legal action 'It was like when we first got together': Sherlock's Amanda Abbington admits it was 'weird' revisiting parenting onscreen with now ex Martin Freeman James Corden's wife Julia Carey showcases her incredible physique in chic scalloped swimsuit as they enjoy Barbados sun on festive family jaunt Men only! Geordie Shore's Ricci has BANNED GIRLS from his Instagam account to avoid 'celeb hungry' dates Good luck stalking him! Well, one has to start somewhere! Crown star Claire Foy is seen starring in BBC soap Doctors in her first TV role Got a bit part in 2008 A dip in the (Car)pool! Doting daddy James Corden larks around with son Max on Barbados shore during idyllic New Year getaway A sweet display 'Sun always shines on the righteous': Ring-free Katie Waissel takes thinly-veiled swipe at 'second ex-husband Brian after split' as she turns to CBB co-star Renee Graziano in Miami 'I want my body back!' Vicky Pattison shares titillating swimsuit selfie as she vows to kick 10lbs and cut back on alcohol in the new year Looked smoking hot MTV bad girl Jemma Lucy continues to stun as she goes totally NAKED in sunbed selfie... after simulating sex act in shock Snapchat clip Ex On The Beach star Naomi Campbell, 46, shows off her incredibly ageless physique in barely-there bikini as she rings in 2017 with blissful beach break Still absolutely stunning  'If I'm feeling unsafe, I won't go out': Corrie's Kevin Kennedy reveals the resonating restraints of his alcoholism after 18 years sober 'Do you know what, just pee on the floor':  Rita Ora claims she 'lost thousands on investment into festival urinating device'... as probe into £2.3million fraud swindle rages on Back to cause Big Bother? Divisive Spencer Pratt appears to confirm rumoured CBB return with wife Heidi as he documents boozy arrival in UK 'How we started 2017!' Proud David Beckham shares sweet snap of his family from glamorous beach party in the Maldives... as the stars ring in 2017 'I've felt better': Louis Tomlinson welcomes 2017 with a hungover selfie as he prepares for a new year after his mother's tragic passing Looked worse for wear 'You'd have to be thick to think you'd pose with your dead nan': Geordie Shore fans leap to the defence of grieving Chloe Ferry after she deletes picture with her ailing grandmother  Spice up your NYE! Victoria Beckham joins Mel C on stage to sing their hit tune 2 Become 1 during Maldives celebrations...after snubbing recent band reunion Adam Thomas' fiancée Caroline Daly shows off endless legs beneath slashed jumpsuit as they join his Love Island star twin Scott to ring in 2017 'Mariah's meltdown: Diva botches NYE lip-sync performance and STORMS OFF Times Square stage while crying into mic: 'I wanted a holiday too. Can't I just have one?'  Millie Mackintosh and Hugo Taylor pack on the PDA during blissful break in South Africa...as the bikini-clad beauty displays some painful looking sunburn on her pert posterior Oh no, normal people! Robbie Williams is caught on camera applying hand sanitiser after singing Auld Lang Syne - and looking suitably disgusted  She's got that Super Bass! Katie Price channels rapper Nicki Minaj for NYE bash in buxom bodysuit and hot pink bikini...as she toasts to last night drinking for a year PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Holly Willoughby flashes her fabulous figure in powder blue kaftan during family beach day with husband Daniel Baldwin in Barbados Oozing star quality! Alexa Chung is the belle of the ball in intricate head piece as she toasts the New Year at NYC masquerade ball Fancy dress This is the life! Lauryn Goodman shows off her curves in racy striped bikini as she soaks up the sunshine in Mykonos Lazy sunbathing session Jake Gyllenhaal maintains his toned physique with a New Year's Eve run while on holiday in St. Barts  He surely deserved a vacation Such a cheeky boy! Usher posts photo of 'bonita' wife Grace's bottom as they welcome the New Year in a hot tub Gerard Depardieu displays his portly frame as he strips off his shirt during a hot and sweaty rehearsal for his stage show in Buenos Aires Seas the day! Lizzie Cundy, 46, flaunts her taut stomach and ample cleavage in plunging bikini as she celebrates the New Year in the Maldives Abbey Clancy displays her peachy posterior and lean limbs in a racy high-waist swimsuit as she poses for sun-soaked photoshoot Hitting the beach 'Bad and boujee!' Larsa Pippen showcases her enviable figure in revealing bikini aboard river cruise  Was the display for the benefit of Scottie? Family meal-a! Mila Kunis stocks up on food with hubby Ashton Kutcher and newborn son Dimitri ahead of NYE Rosie O'Donnell calls Trump 'mentally unstable' on Twitter and warns America that there are 'less than three weeks to stop him' Make-up free Nicole Scherzinger displays her sensational beach body in a sun-soaked Hawaiian selfie Shared a stunning bikini-clad selfie from a beach  Well that's one way to worship the sun! Lady Victoria Hervey looks radiant in a vibrant floral maxi dress as she offers her palms to the sky in Barbados Ashley Graham whips off her bikini to pose topless while enjoying sunshine holiday She marked the first day of 2017 with a topless selfie in The Seychelles  Transgender model Hari Nef sizzles in slinky purple gown as she sings sultry cover of Blue Velvet for Love's video advent Single and ready to mingle! Geordie Shore's Marnie Simpson mends broken heart with girls' NYE night out with bodysuit clad pal Chloe Ferry Daring look  Fans outraged as fake Cheryl Twitter account 'confirms' pregnancy...after the singer shares heartfelt New Year's Instagram selfie 'She made disgusting and explicit propositions to my boyfriend': Woman slams Katie Price as she claims her infamous Christmas party flirtations almost caused relationship split  'Hello 2017': Ed Sheeran promises new music in five days' time... as he appears on social media for the first time in 57 weeks Put paid to speculation  The Angels have arrived! Victoria's Secret models Jasmine Tookes, Romee Strijd and Lais Ribeiro sizzle in tiny bikinis while on holiday in Brazil Frankie Essex shows off her toned and tanned figure in racy halter-neck swimsuit and tiny denim shorts as she celebrates two stone weight loss with New Years break Twice as nice! Models Doutzen Kroes and Joan Smalls put on a bikini display as they meet up on Miami Beach Nice view 'The 4 things that I love the most': Madonna spends New Year with son Rocco Ritchie and his siblings as they ring in 2017 together with family ski trip after strained 2016 Kelly Brook flaunts her ample cleavage and toned stomach in a pink printed bikini for sizzling shoot Phenomenal figure 'My life changed forever!' Coco Austin shares snap of the moment she met Ice-T 16 years ago as they celebrate wedding anniversary at New Year's Eve bash Justin Bieber rings in 2017 with medley of hits during poolside performance at historic Fontainebleau Miami Beach He did it in styke '2017 here we go!' Joanna Krupa gets cheeky with a pretty pal as they ring in the New Year in their bikinis Beach babes Fifty Shades Darker teases more steamy sex scenes with new TV ad The 32-second clip features the film's stars in unseen footage. Chloe Khan puts on a VERY busty display as she slips into a sexy bunny costume for eye-popping selfie  Saucy Pregnant Rochelle Humes shows off her blossoming baby bump in a little black dress as she celebrates NYE in the Maldives  Seven months pregnant  Cheeky in Chelsea! Louise Thompson posts racy topless snap before flaunting her enviable abs in a sizzling red bikini from the sun-soaked Maldives Chloe Green suns herself in Miami as her dad Sir Shifty is hoping for time away from BHS pension scandal  Hasn't missed out on topping up her tan Rise and shine! Bikini girl Hilary Duff embraces the new year with surf lesson in Hawaii While many around the world were nursing a hangover A plum start to 2017! Princess Mary rings in the new year dressed in a gold gown and deep purple cape as she joins Prince Frederik for annual banquet She's still got it! Jessica Hart admits she's 'blessed' and 'lucky' to still be modelling swimwear at 30 as she returns to Seafolly after five years Beautiful front and back! Ashley Graham posts rear view topless bikini pic as she enjoys tropical getaway Spending the New Year in The Seychelles SPOILER ALERT: Is Zak Dingle next to be killed in Emmerdale? Lisa Dingle discovers Cain's caravan on fire... with her ex-husband possibly inside 'Her tongue freaks me out!' Jessica Simpson's BFF CaCee Cobb posts silly selfie while celebrating New Year's Eve Sticking it out 'No better way to end 2016': Khloe Kardashian's ex Lamar Odom poses with his kids in first Instagram post since leaving rehab Erica Packer looks glam despite shoulder injury as she enjoys family holiday in St Barts... while her 'ex' Seal hits the ski slopes with Heidi Klum Shirtless Jake Gyllenhaal flaunts hunky physique as he joins bikini-clad pal Greta Caruso in exquisite waters during St. Barths break Blake Lively enjoys low-key New Year's Eve with her Sisterhood Of The Traveling Pants BFF Amber Tamblyn Besties since co-starring in the 2005 movie 'Wonder if I will be cold?' Kate Hudson braves a snowy NYE in Aspen in nothing but lingerie as she parties hard with pal Chelsea Handler Jesy Nelson shows off her ripped abs and ample cleavage as she rings in the New Year with a gal pal... as Jade Thirlwell celebrates with boyfriend Jed Elliott Head over heels! Izabel Goulart does cartwheels on the sand in St Barts Flawless figure and athletic prowess The X Factor's Honey G forgoes her signature hat and glasses as she gives rare glimpse at her face during NYE performance...after her debut single limps into the midweek chart at 149 Blac Chyna and Rob Kardashian put on a united front as they celebrate New Year's Eve together... as she puts her engagement ring back on Jacqui Ryland flashes her underwear in a VERY daring sheer lace mini dress as she parties hard with pal on New Years Eve 'Feliz Año!' Shakira embraces her partner and sons for a festive New Year's message to her fans Out wth footballer Gerard Piqué Dish of the day! Neighbours star Olympia Valance looks to be NAKED while posing with a restaurant menu covering her body as she flashes the flesh on holiday in Bali I'm pregnant! Lauren Conrad reveals baby news with sweet sonogram picture on New Year's Day  First child Charlotte Dawson continues to flash giant diamond ring as she rings in 2017 with a passionate from boyfriend Matt Sarsfield... after sparking engagement rumours Adele and partner Simon Konecki are said to be 'planning a UK wedding after secretly becoming engaged in October' Now that's a Happy New Year! Khloe Kardashian kisses Tristan Thompson as they ring in 2017 together Pucker up Take That Gary! Simon Cowell calls in the lawyers over rival Barlow's new BBC 'X Factor imitation' talent show Let It Shine  That's one passionate midnight kiss! Miley Cyrus shares her New Year's cinch with fiancé Liam Hemsworth as they attend New Year's Eve party with his brother Chris and her mum Tish Blac Chyna shows off post-baby curves in a plunging dress as she heads out to celebrate New Year's Eve Got a lot on her plate Beach babe! Heather Graham, 46, flashes her long legs and toned midriff on trip to Miami with her boyfriend Endless legs 'All is as it should be!' Katy Perry dons surgical mask to see in the New Year with lover Orlando Bloom on Tokyo sidewalk Worried about germs? The No 1 lady detective's New Year resolutions: A truly delightful misadventure starring Precious, Botswana's top sleuth  Jasmine Lennard axed from CBB All Stars series 'for making anti-Muslim comments'... after being replaced by Jasmin Waltz before the show's debut Celebrate good times, c'mon! Amy Adams stocks up on alcohol ahead of New Year's Eve celebration  Party preparations She's smitten! Britney Spears shares cuddly snap after celebrating New Year with new love Sam Asghari The couple seem inseparable 'ISIS claims responsibility for Mariah Carey's performance': Social media mercilessly trashes diva for her epic New Year's Eve meltdown on Times Square stage Bradley Cooper heads out for healthy jog in LA while 'pregnant' girlfriend Irina Shayk spends New Year in her native Russia Settle down, ladies! Now Sheila Hancock, 83, shuns make-up: Actress reveals she didn't wear any during her latest film  She defied producers to be more 'real' on screen '2016 is almost over!' John Legend shares cute snap with Chrissy Teigen on his back as the couple spend New Year's Eve in St. Barts Photogenic couple Thatkiss Neverbeen! Jennifer Lawrence reveals she has never had a New Year's Eve kiss How can that be? 'Hey': Teen Kylie Jenner shows off her curves in green bra and panties as she takes last mirror selfie of 2016 The KUWTK star posed in her bathroom mirror Nicki Minaj shows off her ample assets in plunging silver jumpsuit as she rings in 2017 with Miami gig... after replacing Jennifer Lopez at the last minute 'One of the most eventful and exciting years of my life': Ivanka Trump pays tribute to 2016 as she celebrates New Year's Eve and Hanukkah with her husband and children  'Toddler headbutt!': Jason Biggs starts the New Year with a black eye from two-year-old son Sid He enjoyed his first day of 2017 with a shiner 'I've got so much sh*t on this girl!': Maria Fowler hits back at Danielle Lloyd in candid Snapchat video after the model retweeted a controversial message  SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Olympian Sir Matthew Pinsent's wife is drafted in to boost Kate, William and Harry's charity Paid to instil a work ethic A rumble in the jungle, baby joy and THAT Beau Ryan 'affair': A look at how far Barry Hall and Lauren Brant have come as they prepare for 2017 'Girl power!' Naomi Watts rings in the new year as a single woman... with a bikini trip to Mexico   She's starting the new year as a single woman SPOILER ALERT: Corrie's Maria Connor can barely look at lover Aidan as the jailbird comes face to face with him for the first time since he left her to fight alone in court 'Peace out 2016!' Jessica Alba ends the year exploring Hawaiian rainforests with her loved ones Katie Piper channels the eighties in wild leopard print costume as she attends New Year's Eve fancy dress party with husband Richard Sutton 'Golden New Year with the family!' Chris Hemsworth rings in 2017 with his wife Elsa Pataky, his brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Happy New Year from Hawaii... via Somerset: Peter Andre ushers in 2017 with wife Emily MacDonagh and his children at tropical themed party Bottoms up! Lady Victoria Hervey displays her enviably slender frame and peachy derriere in skimpy blue bikini as she tries her hand at paddle boarding in Barbados 'Cutest thing ever!' Nicole Kidman's surprise 'happy' dance at Keith Urban's NYE show in Nashville thrills fans... but leaves some asking if she's had a bit too much to drink Fergie and Hailee Steinfield flash the flesh in skin flaunting ensembles as they ring in 2017 in style on Dick Clark's New Year's Rockin' Eve 'Thankful': Sofia Vergara looks incredible in strapless dress while vacationing in Bora Bora for husband Joe Manganiello's birthday 'Oh Jesus, this is the best fireworks show ever!' Scott Eastwood gets VERY excited during New Year's Eve celebrations in Sydney Harbour 'So glad 2017 is finally here': Iggy Azalea hoping for 'better vibe' in the New Year after 2016 saw ex-fiancé Nick Young cheat on her, X Factor flop, and Guy Sebastian brand her a 'weirdo' Having an auld lang fine time! Gwen Stefani locks lips with Blake Shelton as they enjoy family New Year's Eve Smooch We can be heroes! Nicole Kidman dances on stage beside hubby Keith Urban as he performs amazing New Year's tribute to 2016's fallen greats  Shanina Shaik sports a racy green dress as she supports DJ Ruckus at a New Year's Eve gig in Miami No stranger to sporting racy ensembles 'Let's do this!' Mariah Carey is carried to the stage by her beau Bryan Tanaka as she preps for New Year's Eve show in Times Square It must be true love! Kylie Jenner gets a lower-case T for Tyga tattoo'd on her ankle... her SIXTH inking so far New Years goals! Doutzen Kroes showcases killer bikini body as she cosies up to husband Sunnery James on beach in Cancun What a Dream day! Blac Chyna begins new year with Rob Kardashian and daughter after dramatic split 'You will survive': MAFS' Zoe Hendrix and Alex Garner reflect on an eventful 2016 which saw them welcome first child after heartbreaking miscarriage 'What a year it's been!': Kris Jenner kicks off New Year's Eve Instagram messages by sharing collage and acknowledging 2016 was rocky William Christopher, best known for his portrayal of Father Mulcahy on the hit 70s TV show M*A*S*H, dies of cancer at age 84 GIRL ABOUT NEW YEAR: Pippa's family are trying to save the pennies as her wedding is set to cost a fortune  The family's online store has launched a sale. GIRL ABOUT NEW YEAR: Star Wars Carrie and her TV hunt for Prince Harry She once led chat show host Graham Norton on a quest to find the Prince GIRL ABOUT NEW YEAR: Heartache as sad Alice starts 2017... with divorce Alice Eve has formally separated from her husband GIRL ABOUT NEW YEAR: Lovelorn Cara's LA dash to rekindle her romance Absence has made the heart grow fonder for supermodel  SPOILER ALERT: EastEnders' Ronnie Mitchell looks grim-faced at wedding to Jack Branning... before making dramatic exit from the show with troubled sister Roxy New Year's Eve party can really begin now - Usain Bolt's arrived! Sprinter flies into UK to celebrate his beloved Manchester United's victory by partying with goalscorer Paul Pogba 'I miss LA': Chloe Lattanzi admits she's homesick after moving from California to Oregon with her fiancé to start a marijuana farm business  'My dude is HOT': Miley Cyrus admires her fiancé Liam Hemsworth as they attend a New Year's Eve party with his brother Chris and wife Elsa Pataky Ending the year on a bang! Reality star Courtney Stodden poses in white lace lingerie as she says 'bye 2016' The Price Is Right! Radio personality Steve Price 'will join Lisa Curry in the South African jungle for I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here!' Victoria's Secret model Megan Williams displays her sensational beach body in a black bikini as she frolics in the ocean in St Barts with her boyfriend  Nicki Minaj displays ample cleavage in sexy Instagram post in wake of deadly shooting outside concert of on-again, off-again beau Meek Mill Emma Forbes, 51, shows off stunning figure in chic scalloped swimsuit as she heads to the beach in Barbados with husband Graham Clempson Denim darling! Jenna Dewan shows off her fit form in a black bodysuit with jeans and leopard print booties while out in LA Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
null
Signout RegisterSign in Long Reads Life Indigenous Sexuality Test your 'Lingo' SBS HOME On Demand Guide By Day By Channel By Genre By Language Programs Radio Radio Podcasts Radio Schedule SBS Chill SBS PopAraby SBS PopAsia SBS PopDesi World News radio Your Language Shop SBS Shop News SBS World News Dateline Insight Living Black The Feed NITV News Census Explorer Power of 1 Small Business Secrets Cycling Football Movies Food Comedy News News Home Latest News US Election Featured Topics First Day Stories Paris 2015 Syria Conflict Europe's Refugee Crisis True Stories Podcast Comment & Analysis Video Galleries Audio National World Asia-Pacific Middle-East Europe Africa North America South America Business Sport 19 Dec 2016 - 11:47am Apple to appeal EU tax ruling this week, says it was a 'convenient target' "Apple is a convenient target because it generates lots of headlines." (AP) Previous Next Show Grid Previous Next Hide Grid Image 1/ Video Audio Apple will launch a legal challenge this week to a record $14 billion EU tax demand, arguing that EU regulators ignored tax experts and corporate law and deliberately picked a method to maximize the penalty, senior executives said. By Foo Yun Chee Source: Reuters 19 Dec 2016 - 11:44 AM  UPDATED 19 Dec 2016 - 11:47 AM Tweet Apple's combative stand underlines its anger with the European Commission, which said on Aug. 30 the company's Irish tax deal was illegal state aid and ordered it to repay up to 13 billion euros ($13.8 billion) to Ireland, where Apple has its European headquarters. European Competition Commissioner Margrethe Vestager, a former Danish economy minister, said Apple's Irish tax bill implied a tax rate of 0.005 percent in 2014. Apple intends to lodge an appeal against the Commission's ruling at Europe's second highest court this week, its General Counsel Bruce Sewell and Chief Financial Officer Luca Maestri told Reuters in an interview at the company's global headquarters in Cupertino. The iPhone and iPad maker was singled out because of its success, Sewell said. "Apple is not an outlier in any sense that matters to the law. Apple is a convenient target because it generates lots of headlines. It allows the commissioner to become Dane of the year for 2016," he said, referring to the title accorded by Danish newspaper Berlingske last month. Apple will tell judges the Commission was not diligent in its investigation because it disregarded tax experts brought in by Irish authorities. "Now the Irish have put in an expert opinion from an incredibly well-respected Irish tax lawyer. The Commission not only didn't attack that - didn't argue with it, as far as we know - they probably didn't even read it. Because there is no reference (in the EU decision) whatsoever," Sewell said. Apple to appeal against order to pay huge Irish tax bill SBS World News Radio: Apple to appeal against an order to pay huge Irish tax bill   Apple ordered to pay record $14.3 billion over 'illegal' Irish tax deal The US tech and software giant has vowed it will appeal the ruling, saying the move will compromise investment and job creation in Europe. Sheltering profits The European Commission accused Ireland in 2014 of dodging international tax rules by letting Apple shelter profits worth tens of billions of dollars from tax collectors in return for maintaining jobs. Apple and Ireland denied the accusation. The Commission's tax demand angered the U.S. government, which accused the EU of grabbing revenue intended for U.S. coffers. Apple also intends to challenge the EU enforcer's basis for its case, arguing that the "crazy notion of non-residency" was chosen on purpose to produce a punitive amount. Other arguments the EU could have used could have been based on transfer pricing - the pricing strategy between a company's units - or the "arm's length" principle adopted by companies to sell and buy from affiliates as if they were unrelated firms. "Both of those other two theories at least could be fleshed out, but they produced much lower numbers," Sewell said. He added it was not possible for Apple to comply with the EU decision because it would mean Ireland violating its own past tax laws setting different rules for residents and non-resident companies. The Irish government is also appealing against the European Commission's tax demand. It believes it must protect a tax regime that has attracted many multinational employers to the country. Apple plans to tell the court that the Commission erred when it ruled that the head office of Irish-registered units Apple Sales International (ASI) and Apple Operations Europe existed only on paper, with no justification for the billions of euros it posted in untaxed profits. Sewell said the fact that an entity was a holding company with no employees on its books did not mean it was inactive and it could be actively managed by employees of its parent company. "So when Tim Cook, who is the CEO of our company, makes decisions that impact ASI, the Commission says we don't care because he is not an ASI employee, he is an Apple Inc employee. But to say that somehow Tim Cook can't make decisions for ASI is a complete mis-statement of corporate law, it's a misunderstanding of how corporations operate," he said. 'Absurd theory' Maestri said the Commission over-estimated the importance of the company's European headquarters in Cork in the south of Ireland. "(Vestager) is arguing that the base on which we should pay taxes in Ireland is essentially all the profits we generate outside the United States ... in a place that doesn't do any engineering, doesn't generate any intellectual property for us," he said, adding it was an "absurd theory." The company hopes U.S. president-elect Donald Trump will enact reforms to tackle tax avoidance which have led to trillions of dollars in profits being held abroad by U.S. companies, Sewell said. Europeans, he said, were operating under a localized tax system, while the United States had a global deferred system. "The difference between those two creates exactly the kind of loophole that the Commission has now been able to exploit," he said. Trump's White House victory moves Apple and other big U.S. corporations closer to winning a big tax break on $2.6 trillion in foreign profits, experts say. Currently, a law lets U.S. companies hold foreign profits overseas without paying U.S. corporate tax on them, unless those profits are brought into the United States. Corporations have $2.6 trillion stashed abroad under this law. Apple topped the list with $200 billion of profits held overseas, according to March estimates by Citizens for Tax Justice, a corporate income tax watchdog group in Washington. Advertisement Advertisement Trending SBS Your hatred for coriander could have a scientific explanation BREAKING: John van't Schip resigns as Melbourne City coach Here is the most awkward New Year's countdown in the history of the world Manchester United's Mata and Ibrahimovic sink 10-man West Ham 澳洲擬全面收緊公民入籍試 Trending News Things you were taught at school that are wrong Dutton opens debate on citizenship test Restrict pension to the poorest: Leyonhjelm 60 killed, many beheaded, in Brazil prison riot: officials Bernardi, Christensen to attend fundraiser for anti-Islam group In Social Stay Connected with SBS News Stay Connected with SBS News Vertical Tabs Newsletter Newsletter Subscribe now Podcast Podcasts Listen now RSS RSS Subscribe now txinfo Watch on SBS ONE 6.30pm nightly and 10.30pm Mon-Fri, listen at 6am & 6pm Mon-Fri. Stay Connected with SBS News Newsletter Subscribe now Podcasts Listen now RSS Subscribe now Watch on SBS ONE 6.30pm nightly and 10.30pm Mon-Fri, listen at 6am &amp; 6pm Mon-Fri. In Social Subscribe Facebook 816.5K Follow Twitter 265.1K Watch YouTube 8.2K Follow Google+ 0.9K Advertisement Back to top Copyright Terms & Conditions Privacy Disclaimer Your online preferences Audience Technical Support Complaints Contact Media Releases The SBS Charter Codes of Practice Policies & Publications Freedom of Information Public Interest Disclosure Freeview Using this Website FAQs Our Story Commissioned Content Translations & Subtitling Sales & Advertising Tenders & Purchasing Opportunities SBS International Publicity Media Centre Careers How to receive SBS TV & Radio How to get my Program on SBS What SBS tells me about Australia Why SBS introduced commercials The SBS Board of Directors SBS Shop NITV Podcasts CQ Cultural Intelligence Newsletters
null
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish iPhone 8 Rumored To Feature Plastic Curved OLED Display From Samsung By Tyler Lee on 12/18/2016 16:52 PST There is no love lost between Apple and Samsung, but despite their differences, both companies seem to understand that business is business and still have dealings with each other despite their ongoing legal battles. That being said, that relationship is expected to continue into 2017 with the iPhone 8. According to a report from the Korea Herald (via 9to5Mac), Apple’s iPhone 8 is expected to feature a plastic, curved OLED display that will be supplied by Samsung. We’re not sure if it is going be curved to the point where we’re looking at a Galaxy S7 Edge-like device, or if we’re simply looking at more rounded edges like the Apple Watch. Also what’s interesting is the decision to go with plastic. As it stands the current-gen iPhone and Apple Watch feature curved glass displays at the edges of the phone, so unless Apple is opting for a more prominent curve, we’re not sure why they would have switched from glass to plastic. Not to mention this also goes against earlier rumors of an all-glass iPhone  if the display is going to be made from plastic. Of course you should take this with a grain of salt for now, but so far the rumors regarding the iPhone 8 are a bit mixed. At one point in time it was even suggested that iPhone 8 could simply be a refresh of the iPhone 7, which we’re really hoping is not the case. Filed in Apple >Cellphones >Rumors. Read more about iPhone, iphone 8 and Samsung. Related Articles 2016-12-30 Android 7.1.1 Coming To Samsung Galaxy S7/S7 Edge In January 2016-12-29 Samsung Rumored To Debut 2 Windows 10 Tablets At CES 2017 2016-12-29 What To Expect At CES 2017 2016-12-29 Analysts Say iPhone 7 Not Good Enough To Benefit From Galaxy Note 7 Failure 2016-12-29 Galaxy A (2017) Series Prices Rumored 2016-12-29 Samsung Will Reportedly Supply AMOLED Panels For 2017’s iPhone 2016-12-27 iPhone Activations Double That Of Samsung’s During The Holidays 2016-12-06 US Supreme Court Rules In Samsung’s Favor In Apple Patent Battle 2016-11-27 iPhone 8 To Feature 3D Camera By LG Innotek [Rumor] Apple To Charge For AirPods Battery Service Even Under Warranty Original Unopened First-Gen iPod Spotted On eBay For $200,000 Technical Issues Could Be The Reason Behind Apple’s AirPods Delay iPhone 7 Plus VS $50,000 RED Weapon Camera User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
_ Macworld Australia MAC iPad iPhone iSnap App Guide Gadget Guide mResell HOME NEWS FEATURES REVIEWS HELP/TIPS BLOGS Mac In Business Communications Productivity Security Workflow FORUM MAGAZINE Digital Subscription Current Issue Back Issues Apple’s macOS file encryption easily bypassed without the latest fixes Lucian Constantin 19 December, 2016 View more articles fromthe author AAA Comments Security Without the macOS update released last week, Apple’s disk encryption can be easily defeated by connecting a specially crafted device to a locked MacBook. The attack is possible because devices connected over Thunderbolt can access the computer’s RAM directly before the OS is started through the direct memory access (DMA) feature. The DMA mechanism is typically used by disk drive controllers, graphics cards, network cards and sound cards because accessing the memory through the CPU would otherwise keep the processor busy and unavailable for other tasks. Apple’s macOS has DMA protections, but they only kick in when the OS is running. However, the EFI (Extensible Firmware Interface) – the modern BIOS – initialises Thunderbolt devices at an early stage in the boot process and this enables them to use DMA before the OS is started, security researcher, Ulf Frisk said in a blog post. The second problem is that the password for Apple’s FileVault 2 disk encryption is stored in memory in plain text if the disk has been unlocked once. This means that when a Mac has its screen locked or returns from a sleep state, the password will still be in memory. Furthermore, the password doesn’t get scrubbed from memory on reboot and is only shifted around to a different location within a fixed memory range, according to Frisk. The only time the password is removed from memory is when the Mac is shut down because that’s when RAM contents are completely cleared. The researcher created a hardware device running his custom software that he dubbed PCILeech. The device is capable of extracting FileVault passwords via DMA. “This makes it easy to just plug in the DMA attack hardware and reboot the Mac,” Frisk said. “Once the Mac is rebooted, the DMA protections that macOS previously enabled are dropped. The memory contents, including the password, is still there, though. There is a time window of a few seconds before the memory containing the password is overwritten with new content.” Frisk presented DMA-based attacks against the Linux, Windows and OS X kernel at the DEF CON security conference in August, but he discovered the implications for Apple’s disk encryption after his presentation. He kept his findings secret until now at Apple’s request. The researcher confirmed that the macOS Sierra 10.12.2 update released this week fixes the security issue, at least on his MacBook Air. “The solution Apple decided upon and rolled out is a complete one,” Frisk said. “At least to the extent that I have been able to confirm. It is no longer possible to access memory prior to macOS boot. The Mac is now one of the most secure platforms with regards to this specific attack vector.” To comment on this article and other Macworld content, visit our Facebook page or our Twitter feed. Related Tags:  Share: Comments Related Posts Random Posts iDevices iGrill Microsoft kicks off iPad buyback deal in latest effort to juice Surface sales Foursquare launches major redesign Telstra brings Foxtel to the iPhone News: Adobe rolls out LiveCycle app for iPhone Leave a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Please keep your comments friendly on the topic. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Comment Advertise with us Related Posts Apple issues macOS Sierra 10.12.1 update Apple has released an update to macOS Sierra. Version 10.12.1 is now available for Mac users for download through the App Store app. (It’s a good... macOS 10.1.2 released Apple has been busy this week. Along with the iOS 10.2 release, macOS has been bumped up to 10.12.2 with a slew of fixes. The full list of fixes and... App Guide Nisi Paragon Hard Disk Manager for Mac Anchor Pointer Gadget Guide Dali KATCH Advertise with us Advertise with us Mobile Phone Plans Prev Next Loading... Compare Mobile Phones & Plans Mobile phone plans & deals iPhone plans & deals Apple iPhone models Tablet plans & deals The New iPad plans & deals Guides and Articles Samsung Galaxy Mobile Phone Deals National Broadband Network NBN 12Mbps Plans Broadband Usage Guide Mobile Phone Plans Under $80 iPhone 5, iPhone 4S Deals - Compare Prices Deals powered by WhistleOut Advertise with us Advertise with us Subscribe to eNews Subscribe to RSS Receive our eNews Macworld AU Twitter Macworld AU Facebook Macworld AU Pinterest Macworld AU Fancy Macworld AU Youtube News Features Reviews Help Blogs News FORUM MAC iPad iPhone Play App Guide Gadget Guide MACWORLD AU Australian Macworld Copyright © 2017 Niche Media Pty Ltd. ABN 13 064 613 529 Terms Disclaimer Privacy Contact Sitemap All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of Niche Media Pty Ltd is prohibited. Contact us
This website requires Javascript to run correctly. Click here for help enabling it The New Zealand Herald 2:09pm Tue 3 January Network   ° 0 / ° 0   Loading… Help & Support The New Zealand Herald Bay of Plenty Times Hawke's Bay Today The Rotorua Daily Post The Northern Advocate Wanganui Chronicle Manawatu Guardian Kapiti News Hamilton News The Aucklander The Northland Age Stratford Press Herald Rugby Viva Dream Team Bite True Commercial Newspix Driven The Country Chinese NZ Herald nzherald.co.nz submit Navigation Home National National Insights NZ Herald Focus Education Crime Environment Politics Weather Opinion Maori Employment Quizzes Health Local Focus Opinion Opinion Financial Your Views Media Blogs Cartoons Living in NZ Editorial Travel Political Business Business Personal Finance Small Business Work Life Around NZ Our Experts Economy Deloitte 200 Industries Toolbox Property Tech Tech ICT News Internet Science Computers Wired Mobile Space Gadgets Innovation World World South America Videos Europe Climate Middle East Australia Africa Pacific Disasters Asia Strange but True USA Photos Sport Sport Golf Rugby Boxing Cricket Motorsport League Racing Football More Sport Basketball Live Scores Tennis Dream Team Entertainment Entertainment Music Spy Games Celebrity Culture Reviews What's on Video Sideswipe TV Puzzles Movies Horoscope Lifestyle Lifestyle Parenting Health & Wellbeing Design & Garden Food & Drink Viva Fashion & Beauty Canvas Relationships Pets & Animals Travel Travel International New Zealand Cruises NZ Walks Tips Australia Accommodation Pacific Discover America Rural Motoring Motoring Driven Property Property Residential Property Herald Homes True Commercial Classifieds Classifieds Public Notices True Commercial Businesses for Sale Motoring Sub Navigation Business Small Business Around NZ Economy Global Trade Retail Trade Industries Property Property News Businesses for Sale Herald Commercial Property Personal Finance Work Life Our Experts Deloitte 200 Toolbox Want to work at Apple? Try answering these questions By Adam Boult 1:20 PM Monday Dec 19, 2016 SHARE: Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Not saved Email Print Apple Inc Employment Technology "Are you creative? What's something creative that you can think of?" is among the unorthodox interview questions. Photo / Getty Many people would love to work at Apple, considered to be one of the most forward-thinking and innovative tech companies in the world today. However, would you be able to get through an Apple job interview? People who've applied for jobs with the firm - successfully and unsuccessfully - have been sharing some of the questions they were asked during their interviews on the website Glassdoor. Here's a selection of them - how would you cope with being asked these? 1. "Who would you most like to share a coffee with and why?" 2. "Who is your role model and why?" 3. "Are you creative? What's something creative that you can think of?" 4. "How would you describe yourself?" 5. "There are three boxes, one contains only apples, one contains only oranges, and one contains both apples and oranges. The boxes have been incorrectly labeled such that no label identifies the actual contents of the box it labels. Opening just one box, and without looking in the box, you take out one piece of fruit. By looking at the fruit, how can you immediately label all of the boxes correctly?" 6. "What would you say to a customer who says they don't like Apple?" 7. "Tell me about a time when you got something you didn't think you deserved." Continued below. Related Content The $400,000 smalltown job that no one wants Another twist in Pike River Mine row with Parliament agreeing to hear submissions Cartoon: It's a mad, mad world 8. "What is the most embarrassing song you have on your phone?" 9. "If you have 2 eggs, and you want to figure out what's the highest floor from which you can drop the egg without breaking it, how would you do it? What's the optimal solution?" 10. "Name one moment in your life that defined you and why?" 11. "What's your biggest weakness and why?" 12. "If you're given a jar with a mix of fair and unfair coins, and you pull one out and flip it 3 times, and get the specific sequence heads heads tails, what are the chances that you pulled out a fair or an unfair coin?" 13. "Name a person that you would trust to make life decisions for you." 14. "What would you say to your future self and past self now." 15. "Who is your favourite leader?" 16. "You have a 100 coins laying flat on a table, each with a head side and a tail side. 10 of them are heads up, 90 are tails up. You can't feel, see or in any other way find out which side is up. Split the coins into two piles such that there are the same number of heads in each pile." 17. "How many children are born every day?" 18. "Are you smart?" 19. "You put a glass of water on a record turntable and begin slowly increasing the speed. What happens first - does the glass slide off, tip over, or does the water splash out?" 20. "What would you want to do 5 years from now?" 21. "How would you test a toaster?" 22. "If you had to float an iPhone in mid-air, how would you do it?" 23. "Explain a situation when you gave the wrong advice. What were the consequences? What did you learn from this?" - Daily Telegraph UK By Adam Boult Email Print Get the news delivered straight to your inbox Receive the day’s news, sport and entertainment in our daily email newsletter SIGN UP NOW Loading Currency Compare and convert world currencies. Discover more Loading Loading Herald Services Book your ad Driven Photos for sale True Commercial Death Notices Public Notices Our Regional News Stories The Northern Advocate Two die walking on Northland roads The man who died while walking home from a New Year's eve party at Kerikeri has been… Hawke's Bay Today Scholarships will broaden students' horizons Two tertiary students hailing from the Hawke's Bay region have been granted Prime Minister's… Bay of Plenty Times Port of Tauranga Half attracts top fields The third edition of the Mount Festival of Multisport is set to captivate the huge post-New… Our Features' Top Stories Driven R35 GT-R pilot eyes D1NZ title as round two approaches Former national drifting champion in search of second title with new machine... Viva New year, new you! Tips for starting 2017 right Dr Libby Weaver, Kirsty Godso, Art Green and more share their easy wellbeing tips for… True Commercial Immigration boosts commercial property demand The commercial property market continues its strong performance More from us Social and Platforms Facebook Twitter Google+ Youtube Instagram RSS Email Mobile Contact the site Contact the newsroom - newspaper Contact the newsroom - digital Send pics, video and tips Help & Support Feedback Advertising Advertise with NZME. Print advertising Online Classified advertising Other Photo sales Subscriber services Promotions Sponsorship About us Our publications Search Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Competition Terms & Conditions View on our: Mobile Site © Copyright 2017, NZME. Publishing Limited Assembled by: (static) on production apcf04 at 03 Jan 2017 16:09:20 Processing Time: 155ms
null
Skip to content Menu Local News Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Eastside Health Data Northwest Times Watchdog Business & Tech Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Nation & World Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars Mariners Sounders Storm High School Sports Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics & Games Horoscopes Life Food & Drink Travel & Outdoors Wellness Pets Rant & Rave Pacific NW Magazine Homes & Real Estate Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Video Photography Obituaries News Obituaries Paid Obituaries Jobs Shop Autos Log In Subscribe Search Business Local Biz/Tech Sports Entertainment Life Travel Homes Opinion | Jobs Autos Shop Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics & Games Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Business Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics & Games Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Business Login Subscribe Business Nation & World Technology Ireland to appeal EU’s record $14 billion tax order on Apple Originally published December 18, 2016 at 4:05 pm Updated December 19, 2016 at 7:02 am FILE – In this Sept. 5, 2014, file photo, the Apple logo hangs in the glass box entrance to the company’s Fifth Avenue store in New York. Ireland is appealing the European Union’s landmark order to collect 13 billion euros ($14 billion) in taxes from Apple. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File) Share story By SHAWN POGATCHNIK The Associated Press DUBLIN (AP) — Ireland will appeal the European Union’s landmark order to collect a record 13 billion euros ($14 billion) in taxes from Apple, the Irish Department of Finance announced Monday. The Irish countermove comes nearly four months after EU competition authorities hit Apple with the back-tax bill based on its longtime reporting of European-wide profits through Ireland, which charges the American company only for sales on its own territory at Europe-low rates that in turn have been greatly reduced by the use of shell companies at home and abroad. In its formal legal summary , the Department of Finance declares that is the whole point of Ireland’s sales pitch to foreign investors — and asserts it is perfectly legal to levy far less tax on profits than imposed by competitors. It accuses EU competition authorities of unfairness, exceeding their competence and authority, and seeking to breach Ireland’s sovereignty in national tax affairs. The ruling unveiled Aug. 30 by EU Competition Commissioner Margrethe Vestager called on Apple to pay Ireland the 13 billion euros for gross underpayment of tax on profits across the European bloc from 2003 to 2014. Her report concluded that Cupertino, California-based Apple used two shell companies incorporated in Ireland to permit Apple to report its Europe-wide profits at effective rates well under 1 percent. Most Read Stories 2 firetrucks collide, sending 8 firefighters to hospital, damaging Seattle storefront  VIEW Huskies expected to be hit hard by early departures for NFL draft Eddie Fisher dies; 5 marriages included Debbie Reynolds, Liz Taylor Amazon deploys many more orange robots at warehouses | Sunday Buzz Seahawks to face sixth-seeded Detroit Lions in opening round of NFL playoffs. Here's why that's a good thingUnlimited Digital Access. $1 for 4 weeks. The EU judgment could have been even huger, because EU time limits meant the judgment could include potential tax infringements dating only from 2003, not all the way back to Apple’s original 1991 tax deal with Ireland. Still, Irish specialists in corporate tax estimate that the EU’s order, if enforced, actually would total 19 billion euros ($20 billion) because of compounding interest from delayed payment. The centerpiece of Ireland’s argument is that Vestager should have confined herself to policing illegal state aid that gives an unfair advantage to a particular company, whereas the EU has launched an assault on a policy that Ireland has offered to all foreign companies locating on its soil. The benefits are obvious in Ireland, which has the fastest-growing economy in Europe driven by the exports of about 1,000 multinationals that employ 5 percent of the workforce and generate nearly a quarter of economic output. Apple today is the biggest private employer in the Irish Republic’s second-largest city, Cork, with a workforce exceeding 5,500. Economists estimate Apple’s Cork operation pumps around 16 billion euros ($17 billion) annually in salaries, tax and investment into the Irish economy. “The purpose of the state aid rules is to tackle state interventions which confer a selective advantage. The state aid rules by their nature cannot remedy mismatches between tax systems on a global level,” the Department of Finance brief argued as it contested the EU’s contention that Apple got benefits denied to other companies based here. The Irish reply sets the stage for a titanic legal battle from Brussels to California and beyond that has implications for more than 600 U.S. multinationals based in Ireland and thousands more using tax-avoidance vehicles globally. Apple Inc. chief executive Tim Cook already has denounced the EU judgment, disputes its calculations, and says the company will pursue its own legal challenges expected to last years. Ireland, an EU member since 1973, for decades has charged a headline rate on corporate taxes of 12.5 percent —less than half the European norm and nearly a third the U.S. rate of 35 percent — and has facilitated the complex use of shell companies that help Apple and scores of other high-tech global enterprises, including social media and pharmaceutical leaders, to pay far less on non-U.S. sales of goods and services. The Department of Finance has pledged to close its shell company-focused rules, but that move is expected to create no obstacle to global companies, which can shift the same accounting strategies to other countries beyond the EU’s wrath. SHAWN POGATCHNIK Email Newsletter Sign-up Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! View Comments No personal attacks or insults, no hate speech, no profanity. Please keep the conversation civil and help us moderate this thread by reporting any abuse. See our Commenting FAQ. Powered by Livefyre The opinions expressed in reader comments are those of the author only, and do not reflect the opinions of The Seattle Times. Next Story Seattle startup Usermind turns data into better customer experience Previous Story Ireland to appeal EU’s record $14 billion tax order on Apple Contact Newsroom staff list FAQ Contact form About the company Seattle Restaurant Week Newspapers in Education Fund for the Needy Employment Historical Archives Pulitzers Company information Permissions Seattle Times Store Advertise Classifieds Autos Homes Obituary Jobs Media Kit Advertise with Us Subscriber Services Subscribe Activate Account Manage Subscription Place Temporary Hold Report Delivery Issue Make a Payment Print Replica Today’s Front Page Facebook Twitter RSS Feeds Newsletters Mobile Apps Subscribe Copyright © 2017 The Seattle Times Company | Privacy statement | Terms of service Get our Morning Brief delivered to your inbox. Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! Back to the story
This website requires Javascript to run correctly. Click here for help enabling it The New Zealand Herald 4:09pm Tue 3 January Network   ° 0 / ° 0   Loading… Help & Support The New Zealand Herald Bay of Plenty Times Hawke's Bay Today The Rotorua Daily Post The Northern Advocate Wanganui Chronicle Manawatu Guardian Kapiti News Hamilton News The Aucklander The Northland Age Stratford Press Herald Rugby Viva Dream Team Bite True Commercial Newspix Driven The Country Chinese NZ Herald nzherald.co.nz submit Navigation Home National National Insights NZ Herald Focus Education Crime Environment Politics Weather Opinion Maori Employment Quizzes Health Local Focus Opinion Opinion Financial Your Views Media Blogs Cartoons Living in NZ Editorial Travel Political Business Business Personal Finance Small Business Work Life Around NZ Our Experts Economy Deloitte 200 Industries Toolbox Property Tech Tech ICT News Internet Science Computers Wired Mobile Space Gadgets Innovation World World South America Videos Europe Climate Middle East Australia Africa Pacific Disasters Asia Strange but True USA Photos Sport Sport Golf Rugby Boxing Cricket Motorsport League Racing Football More Sport Basketball Live Scores Tennis Dream Team Entertainment Entertainment Music Spy Games Celebrity Culture Reviews What's on Video Sideswipe TV Puzzles Movies Horoscope Lifestyle Lifestyle Parenting Health & Wellbeing Design & Garden Food & Drink Viva Fashion & Beauty Canvas Relationships Pets & Animals Travel Travel International New Zealand Cruises NZ Walks Tips Australia Accommodation Pacific Discover America Rural Motoring Motoring Driven Property Property Residential Property Herald Homes True Commercial Classifieds Classifieds Public Notices True Commercial Businesses for Sale Motoring Sub Navigation Business Small Business Around NZ Economy Global Trade Retail Trade Industries Property Property News Businesses for Sale Herald Commercial Property Personal Finance Work Life Our Experts Deloitte 200 Toolbox Biggest tech blunders of 2016 By Matthew Dunn 12:44 PM Monday Dec 19, 2016 SHARE: Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Not saved Email Print Computers Mobile Phones Technology This might go down as one of the worst tech blunders of all time. Innovation doesn't always go to plan, which is exactly what some of the biggest tech companies learnt this year. We decided to take a look back at some of the biggest blunders the tech world gave us in 2016. 1. SAMSUNG GALAXY NOTE 7 Forget 2016, Samsung's Galaxy Note 7 exploding battery saga will likely go down in the hall of fame as one of the worst product launches in history. When the smartphone was first released, it was met with overwhelming praise for its design, water resistance, iris scanner and improved S Pen features. All things pointed to the South Korean manufacturer creating the device of the year, but then disaster struck with reports of Samsung Galaxy Note 7s having issues with exploding batteries. The tech giant was forced to recall the devices and issues replacements. This didn't work as planned because the replacement devices were having the same issues. Samsung had no choice but to halt sales of the Galaxy Note 7 smartphone entirely. Following the unprecedented worldwide product recall, Samsung announced the "direct cost" of the incident would reach A$3.9 billion (NZ$4.08b) over the next two quarters. The news came just days after Samsung announced the second recall of the smartphone saw the company's stock price fall more than A$22 billion in one day. MacBook Pro's "donglegate" caused outrage among consumers. Photo / Getty Continued below. Related Content The $400,000 smalltown job that no one wants Cartoon: It's a mad, mad world Barry Soper: Bill English and the highest-backed chair 2. DONGLEGATE Apple released its MacBook Pro line-up, with the products being the thinnest and fastest ever released by the tech giant. The laptops were also designed with a customisable OLED touch bar at the top of the keyboard, with hopes to make touchscreen displays obsolete. As part of its innovative approach, Apple removed all of its MacBook Pro legacy ports except for the 3.5mm headphone jack, which was worthy of its own story. This meant there were no longer ports for USB 3, HDMI, SD Card or even Apple's MagSafe connector, with the tech company opting for four USB Type-C ports. So in order to effectively use their new MacBook Pro, consumers needed to buy a number of dongles - A$370 of them to be precise. As the latest iPhone 7 charging cable was USB 3 to Lightning, a dongle was needed to charge Apple's latest smartphone on its most recent MacBook Pro. With no HDMI port on the new laptops, another dongle was required to hook the new MacBook up to a television screen. While the full list is much more extensive than those mentioned above, the overall backlash caused Apple to reduce the price of its dongles. The GoPro Karma backfired when the drones began to drop out of the sky. Photo / Getty 3. GOPRO KARMA It was only a matter of time before GoPro released its own drone device and in September this became a reality. GoPro founder and chief executive Nick Woodman showed off the much anticipated product during an event in California. "We transformed GoPro into an end-to-end storytelling solution," he said. The folding drone shipped in a backpack and featured a removable stabiliser, which fitted any GoPro model. Impressively, the drone boasted a maximum speed of 54km/h and offered 20 minutes of flight time per charge. Retailing for A$1195.95 without a camera or A$1649.95 with a new GoPro attached meant the device didn't come cheap, but it seemed worth the money at the time. Well, at least it did until the product started losing its power midflight, which caused it to literally plummet from the sky. Just two weeks into the market, GoPro recalled its Karma Drone and give out free Hero 5 cameras as compensation. The iPhone 7 launch wasn't on the scale of Samsung Galaxy Note 7, but it wasn't great either. Photo / Getty 4. APPLE'S IPHONE 7 Apple's September launch of the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus generated hype, but a number of delays left customers upset. It started with the diehard Aussie fans waiting outside Apple's flagship for three days. only to find out there would be no iPhone 7 Plus or jet black iPhone 7 units available. Apple said it had already sold out of its limited stock, with the jet black model of the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus became increasingly rare - people ordering the phone had to wait until November. According to a research note from KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo, the global shortage was due to the new high-gloss finish being too challenging for the Apple's manufacturers. "[The jet black iPhone 7] suffers from a low casing production yield rate of 60-70 per cent," the research note read, reported MacRumours. And who can forget the removal of the headphone jack and the controversy that move caused. While a move to wireless isn't the worst, Apple failed to deliver on its own solution. The company had showcased its AirPod wireless earbuds, which took until this week to be launched in stores. - news.com.au By Matthew Dunn Email Print Get the news delivered straight to your inbox Receive the day’s news, sport and entertainment in our daily email newsletter SIGN UP NOW Loading Currency Compare and convert world currencies. Discover more Loading Loading Herald Services Book your ad Driven Photos for sale True Commercial Death Notices Public Notices Our Regional News Stories The Northern Advocate Two die walking on Northland roads The man who died while walking home from a New Year's eve party at Kerikeri has been… Hawke's Bay Today Music makes me happy ... and hungry I think (and I hope) there is one common factor in all of our lives that has, at some… Bay of Plenty Times Keeping popular in politics - or trying to Most of us are aware, if only vaguely, of public opinion polls. They pop up on the television… Our Features' Top Stories Driven R35 GT-R pilot eyes D1NZ title as round two approaches Former national drifting champion in search of second title with new machine... Viva New year, new you! Tips for starting 2017 right Dr Libby Weaver, Kirsty Godso, Art Green and more share their easy wellbeing tips for… True Commercial Immigration boosts commercial property demand The commercial property market continues its strong performance More from us Social and Platforms Facebook Twitter Google+ Youtube Instagram RSS Email Mobile Contact the site Contact the newsroom - newspaper Contact the newsroom - digital Send pics, video and tips Help & Support Feedback Advertising Advertise with NZME. Print advertising Online Classified advertising Other Photo sales Subscriber services Promotions Sponsorship About us Our publications Search Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Competition Terms & Conditions View on our: Mobile Site © Copyright 2017, NZME. Publishing Limited Assembled by: (static) on production apcf03 at 03 Jan 2017 16:09:25 Processing Time: 583ms
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: 3 Reasons InvenSense, Inc. Stock Could Rise A few near-term tailwinds might lift InvenSense, but do the risks outweigh the rewards? Leo Sun (TMFSunLion) Dec 18, 2016 at 7:04PM InvenSense (NYSE:INVN), the chipmaker best known for supplying motion sensors for Apple's (NASDAQ: AAPL) iPhones and other devices, has had a wild year. The stock had fallen about 30% for the year at the beginning of December due to its slowing sales growth and competition from bigger rivals like STMicroelectronics (NYSE:STM) and Bosch Sensortech. But then InvenSense abruptly rallied nearly 30% on Dec. 9 after Reuters reported that Japanese electronics maker TDK had offered to acquire it for $12 per share. Following that pop, InvenSense stock is now up 6% for the year, but remains almost 60% below its peak of $26 in 2014. Should investors hold on and expect the stock to rise further, or has the TDK report given long-suffering investors the best chance to cut their losses? Let's take a look at three tailwinds for InvenSense and whether they're actually good reasons to buy the stock. Image source: InvenSense. 1. A potential bidding war InvenSense posted double-digit year-over-year revenue declines over the past two quarters, and analysts expect its sales to fall 30% for the full year. Most of that decline was caused by a global slowdown in smartphone and tablet sales, its overwhelming dependence on Apple's orders (53% of its revenue in the first half of fiscal 2017), and competition from rival sensor makers like STMicro. Its bottom line also dipped into the red over the past three quarters due to rising operating expenses. Faced with those bleak numbers, the best-case scenario for InvenSense would be to sell itself before its market value declines even further. Back in October, Reuters reported that InvenSense was exploring strategic initiatives "including a possible sale," although no potential suitors were named.Then on Dec. 9 came the Reuters report that "people familiar with the matter" were saying TDK was in talks to acquire Invensense. In a previous article, I noted that STMicro, Sony (NYSE: SNE), and Intel (NASDAQ: INTC) could all benefit from buying InvenSense, which has a pretty low enterprise value of $900 million. If any of those companies step up to challenge TDK's rumored bid, a bidding war could give InvenSense's stock price a big boost. Though it isn't smart to invest in a stock based on the possibility of a bidding war. 2. Virtual and augmented reality Sixty-eight percent of InvenSense's revenue came from smartphones and tablets in the first half of the year. Revenues from that segment fell 35% annually during that period. To diversify away from that saturated market, InvenSense is expanding into virtual reality and augmented reality devices. Its motion sensors already power HTC's Vive VR headset, which could encourage other new headset vendors to use its gyroscopes and accelerometers. Piper Jaffray claims that 500 million VR headsets could be sold by 2025 -- indicating that it could become a growing adjacent market for InvenSense. CEO Behrooz Abdi has also claimed that a new generation of AR games like Pokemon Go could broaden its total addressable market for high-performance motion sensors in "mid-tier and low-tier smartphone markets." HTC's Vive. Image source: HTC. Those new growth markets sound promising, but investors should note that InvenSense isn't the only motion sensor maker targeting these markets. Bosch already provides motion sensors in the Oculus Rift, and STMicro's motion sensors are found in plenty of smartphones and tablets. 3. The Internet of Things In my opinion, a better growth opportunity for InvenSense would be the growing Internet of Things (IoT) market, which consists of wearables, home automation devices, connected cars, drones, and other gadgets. Intel estimates that the number of connected devices worldwide could surge from 15 billion in 2015 to 200 billion by 2020. InvenSense has been expanding into the IoT market with motion sensors for drones and connected cars via dash cams, smart mirrors, and collision avoidance systems. Revenue from InvenSense's "IoT and other" unit fell 6% annually and accounted for 23% of its top line during the first half of the year. That growth looks poor, but it's faring much better than its core smartphone and tablets business. Therefore, if InvenSense invests more heavily in its IoT business, the unit could grow again and offset its weaknesses in the mobile market. But do those potential tailwinds make InvenSense stock worth buying? Buyout buzz and expansion into new markets might boost investor interest in InvenSense, but I still don't think the stock is a worthy investment. The stock could quickly collapse if TDK walks away from the rumored talks, Apple splits its motion sensor orders with a rival chipmaker, or STMicro and Bosch leverage their scale to undercut InvenSense's prices. I believe that those risks still make InvenSense a poor investment for long-term investors. Leo Sun has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple and Facebook. The Motley Fool owns shares of InvenSense and has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Leo Sun (TMFSunLion) Leo is a Tech and Consumer Goods Specialist who has covered the crossroads of Wall Street and Silicon Valley since 2012. His wheelhouse includes cloud, IoT, analytics, telecom, and gaming related businesses. Follow him on Twitter for more updates! Follow @TMFSunLion Article Info Dec 18, 2016 at 7:04PM Technology and Telecom Stocks STMicroelectronics NYSE:STM $11.35 up $0.13 (1.16%) InvenSense NYSE:INVN $12.79 down $0.02 (-0.16%) Read More Which of These Companies Could Buy InvenSense? 3 Stocks to Watch in Virtual Reality 3 Signs InvenSense Inc. Needs New Management The 2 Most Wildly Overvalued Stocks in Virtual Reality 3 Beaten-Up Virtual-Reality Stocks: Are They Bargains? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current themotleyfool 3 Reasons InvenSense, Inc. Stock Could Rise #stocks $STM, $INVN
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: muscatinejournal.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $10.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Customer Service Subscribe Sections e-Edition Customer Service Contact Us Subscriptions Place an ad News Crime Opinion Sports Submit news Calendar Hometown Sports High school College Games & Puzzles Weekly Ads Classifieds Business Directory Jobs Cars Real Estate Place an ad Newspaper Ads Special sections Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 37° Muscatine, IA (52761) Today Chance of showers. Tonight Cloudy with occasional rain showers. Areas of patchy fog. Low 34F. Winds N at 10 to 15 mph. Chance of rain 50%. Updated: January 2, 2017 @ 8:55 pm Full Forecast Obits Opinion Local Crime & Courts Classifieds Sports Close Mark Lennihan FILE - In this Sept. 5, 2014, file photo, the Apple logo hangs in the glass box entrance to the company's Fifth Avenue store in New York. Ireland is appealing the European Union's landmark order to collect 13 billion euros ($14 billion) in taxes from Apple. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File) AP Ireland to appeal EU's record $14 billion tax order on Apple By SHAWN POGATCHNIK Associated Press Dec 18, 2016 0 Mark Lennihan FILE - In this Sept. 5, 2014, file photo, the Apple logo hangs in the glass box entrance to the company's Fifth Avenue store in New York. Ireland is appealing the European Union's landmark order to collect 13 billion euros ($14 billion) in taxes from Apple. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File) DUBLIN (AP) — Ireland will appeal the European Union's landmark order to collect a record 13 billion euros ($14 billion) in taxes from Apple, the Irish Department of Finance announced Monday. The Irish countermove comes nearly four months after EU competition authorities hit Apple with the back-tax bill based on its longtime reporting of European-wide profits through Ireland, which charges the American company only for sales on its own territory at Europe-low rates that in turn have been greatly reduced by the use of shell companies at home and abroad. In its formal legal summary , the Department of Finance declares that is the whole point of Ireland's sales pitch to foreign investors — and asserts it is perfectly legal to levy far less tax on profits than imposed by competitors. It accuses EU competition authorities of unfairness, exceeding their competence and authority, and seeking to breach Ireland's sovereignty in national tax affairs. The ruling unveiled Aug. 30 by EU Competition Commissioner Margrethe Vestager called on Apple to pay Ireland the 13 billion euros for gross underpayment of tax on profits across the European bloc from 2003 to 2014. Her report concluded that Cupertino, California-based Apple used two shell companies incorporated in Ireland to permit Apple to report its Europe-wide profits at effective rates well under 1 percent. The EU judgment could have been even huger, because EU time limits meant the judgment could include potential tax infringements dating only from 2003, not all the way back to Apple's original 1991 tax deal with Ireland. Still, Irish specialists in corporate tax estimate that the EU's order, if enforced, actually would total 19 billion euros ($20 billion) because of compounding interest from delayed payment. The centerpiece of Ireland's argument is that Vestager should have confined herself to policing illegal state aid that gives an unfair advantage to a particular company, whereas the EU has launched an assault on a policy that Ireland has offered to all foreign companies locating on its soil. The benefits are obvious in Ireland, which has the fastest-growing economy in Europe driven by the exports of about 1,000 multinationals that employ 5 percent of the workforce and generate nearly a quarter of economic output. Apple today is the biggest private employer in the Irish Republic's second-largest city, Cork, with a workforce exceeding 5,500. Economists estimate Apple's Cork operation pumps around 16 billion euros ($17 billion) annually in salaries, tax and investment into the Irish economy. "The purpose of the state aid rules is to tackle state interventions which confer a selective advantage. The state aid rules by their nature cannot remedy mismatches between tax systems on a global level," the Department of Finance brief argued as it contested the EU's contention that Apple got benefits denied to other companies based here. Get news headlines sent daily to your inbox Sign Up! MuscatineJournal.com Daily Headlines Obituaries I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. The Irish reply sets the stage for a titanic legal battle from Brussels to California and beyond that has implications for more than 600 U.S. multinationals based in Ireland and thousands more using tax-avoidance vehicles globally. Apple Inc. chief executive Tim Cook already has denounced the EU judgment, disputes its calculations, and says the company will pursue its own legal challenges expected to last years. Ireland, an EU member since 1973, for decades has charged a headline rate on corporate taxes of 12.5 percent —less than half the European norm and nearly a third the U.S. rate of 35 percent — and has facilitated the complex use of shell companies that help Apple and scores of other high-tech global enterprises, including social media and pharmaceutical leaders, to pay far less on non-U.S. sales of goods and services. The Department of Finance has pledged to close its shell company-focused rules, but that move is expected to create no obstacle to global companies, which can shift the same accounting strategies to other countries beyond the EU's wrath. Tags Wire Business General News Technology Economy Corporate Taxes Government Finance Government Business And Finance Government And Politics National Governments State Governments Corporate News × Post a comment Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Trending now Wilton man to face neglect charge Grandma Cindy's Kitchen a family affair for local couple Robert Bruce Gault DaBeet's offers great food at affordable prices "A tavern for women": Past and present downtown come together Business Directory Latest Local Offers Amanda Buenemann State Farm Do you have questions about your coverage? State Farm Agent Amanda Buenemann and her team are here to help! Call now to schedule your free insurance and financial consultation! 563-263-2744 Updated Dec 29, 2016 Amanda Buenemann State Farm Don't wait until you have an accident to find out if you're properly insured. Let State Farm Agent Amanda Buenemann and her team help find the blindspots in your coverage now! Call now to schedule your free insurance and financial consultation! 563-263-2744 Updated Dec 29, 2016 Latest e-Edition The Muscatine Journal 21 hours ago Related Related Page A1 Page A2 Page A3 Page A4 Page A5 Page A6 Page A7 Page A8 (0) Currents Television The behind-the-scenes chaos that TV viewers don't see on SNL Entertainment 47 celebrities who found stardom later in life Food The most caffeinated places in America Today's Birthdays, Jan. 2: Cuba Gooding Jr. Today In History, Jan. 2: Malheur National Wildlife Refuge Today’s top pics: College bowl excitement and more Today's Birthdays, Dec. 30: Tiger Woods Saints' Payton plans to return next season US beats Switzerland to advance to world junior semifinals Broncos LB Zaire Anderson was temporarily paralyzed Raiders head into playoffs with uncertainty at quarterback Latest Local Offers Do you think there may be blindpots in your coverage? State Farm Agent Amanda Buenemann and her team are here to help! Call now to schedule your free insurance and financial consultation! 563-263-2744 State Farm Agent Amanda Buenemann is here to provide insurance protection to help each and e… Amanda Buenemann State Farm 2711 University Dr., Muscatine , IA 52761 563-263-2744 Ads Non-emergency transportation for individuals in wheelchairs, medical patients and others in need. Call Non-Emergency Transport today! 563-299-3513 Visit us online! Non-Emergency Transport Serving Muscatine & Surrounding Areas, Muscatine, IA 52761 563-299-3513 Currently Open Ads Do you have questions about your coverage? State Farm Agent Amanda Buenemann and her team are here to help! Call now to schedule your free insurance and financial consultation! 563-263-2744 State Farm Agent Amanda Buenemann is here to provide insurance protection to help each and e… Amanda Buenemann State Farm 2711 University Dr., Muscatine , IA 52761 563-263-2744 Ads TODAY'S TOP VIDEO Video: NASA has big plans for 2017 Video: More than 60 die in prison riot in Brazil Video: Salt Lake City twins born in different years Video: Mormon Tabernacle Choir member quits, won't sing for Donald Trump Sites & Partners muscatinejournal.com qctimes.com Hawkmania Topics & Features Obituaries E-Edition Weather Contact Us River Levels Online Features Tools & Services Buy Photos © Copyright 2017 The Muscatine Journal, 301 E. 3rd St Muscatine, IA | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
ePaper Apps Postal Delivery Photos Competitions Newspaper Archive Advertise With Us Shop Death Notices Find a... Home Job IrishExaminer Menu Home mobile Hot Topics News - Breaking News - Today's Stories - Special Reports - World - Farming - Weather - Web Archive - Newspaper Archive Sport - Breaking News - GAA - Football - Hurling - Rugby - Soccer - Racing - Golf - Others - Columns Lifestyle - Culture - Fashion/Beauty - Features - Food/Drink - Health/Life - Outdoors/Garden - Damien Enright - Donal Hickey - Richard Collins - Dick Warner - Showbiz - Travel - Home Viewpoints - Columns - Analysis - Our View - Your View - Send your views Video - Video News - Video Sport - Video Lifestyle - Video Viral - Video You May Have Missed Business - Business News - Technology - Small Business ExamViral - Real Life - Fun Times - Science World - Animal Life - Celeb Life - Tech Times TechNow - Movies - Technology - Gaming Property - Property Search Motoring - News - Reviews - Motors & Me Showbiz Horoscopes Death Notices Help - Advertise With Us - Apps - Competitions - ePaper - Photos - Postal Delivery - Shop Find a - Home - Job News Sport Business Views Life ExamViral Property Motors Tech Video Showbiz Login go Latest Ireland World Sport Business Showbiz Lotto Ireland Today Business Farming World Deaths Weather National Weather Connacht Leinster Munster Ulster World More Web Archive Horoscopes Special Reports HOT TOPICS: State papers 2016 review Terror attacks Rent crisis 8th Amendment Mental Health Home»Today's Stories ‘Europe trying to rewrite Irish tax rules’ Monday, December 19, 2016   Follow @Junomaco By Juno McEnroe Political Correspondent The European Commission has been accused of trying to rewrite Irish tax rules and of wrongly interpreting laws in a strongly worded defence by the Government on whether Apple received €13bn in state aid. The rebuke, published last night by the Government, was released ahead of the expected publication today from Brussels of its ruling on why it claims the tech-giant owes Ireland €13bn in back-tax. Brussels argues Ireland did not collect enough tax due from Apple over a ten-year period and that the company’s tax burden was reduced in what was an alleged breach of EU state aid rules. The damning ruling against Ireland, originally made in August, threw the Government into disarray and it was forced to quickly reject the decision and defend its decision to appeal the ruling. Government sources say they expect that ruling, a 150-page document, to be published today. Finance Minister Michael Noonan’s department last night released its defence, in anticipation of the EU release. This strongly refutes the claims that Ireland did a special deal with Apple. “Ireland did not give favourable tax treatment to Apple — the full amount of tax was paid in this case and no state aid was provided. Ireland does not do deals with taxpayers,” the department said. READ NEXT Apartment owners in Longboat Quay must accept safety deal or face €1m bill Its document outlined eight reasons why it says the EU ruling was wrong. These arguments include: The commission misunderstood relevant facts and Irish law regarding two decisions made by Revenue in 1991 and 2007 on taxation. Its decision mischaracterises the activities of the Irish branches of Apple. Profits were wrongly attributed to these branches; The commission has misapplied state aid law. Its assertion Apple was granted an “advantage” was incorrect. The commission attempts to rewrite Irish corporation tax rules and its claims are inconsistent with state sovereignty; The commission wrongly applied the ‘arm’s length principle’ regarding Apple’s transfer pricing arrangements in Ireland; The alternative line of reasoning by the commission misunderstands Irish law and no such discretion was given to Revenue in relation to taxation decisions; The commission failed to follow required procedures and never clearly explained its state aid theory and the ruling contains findings which Ireland never had a chance to comment on; The commission infringed the principles of legal certainty and legitimate expectations by invoking alleged rules of EU law never previously identified; The commission exceeded its powers and interfered with national tax sovereignty. It has no competence to substitute its view of the geographic scope and extent of a state’s tax jurisdiction; The commission has manifestly breached its duty to provide a clear and unequivocal statement of reasons for its decision The defence reflects the Government’s decision to appeal and fight the EU’s Apple ruling. While the original ruling, set to be published as early as today, was given to the Government back in August, the document was never made public at the time and was only shared with Apple. Its release is likely to throw the spotlight back onto Ireland’s tax arrangements with multinationals as well as how Apple’s relationship with Ireland will continue. Mr Kenny met Apple CEO Tim Cook in the US earlier this month. The two discussed the EU case as well as the lodgement of some of the disputed €13bn into a holding account. Mr Kenny said the two men had then discussed the expansion of operations in Cork and that he had no concerns about Apple’s future in Ireland. The appeal by the Government is expected to take a number of years. READ MORE Visit the section home page here KEYWORDS Apple, tax © Irish Examiner Ltd. All rights reserved Email UpdatesReceive our lunchtime briefing straight to your inbox Related Articles Apple highlights a very taxing year for Ireland Senior Govt minister disagrees with Dept statement on Apple tax ruling More in this Section State Papers 1986: Dick Spring gas plan ‘illogical’ Ford to mark centenary of Cork plant Breaking Stories 14-year-old girl missing from Cork Power sharing institutions risk losing all value, warns leading Sinn Féin figure Lifestyle Savouring success: Producers who found a winning recipe Amy Huberman wants more schools to take part in student theatre awards More From The Irish Examiner Buy framed pages & newspaper books: Visit Shop Photo Sales: View Gallery ePaper: Find out more Irish Examiner Digital Archive: View every printed page from the Irish Examiner from 1841 Lotto Results Saturday, December 31, 2016 2 8 10 23 27 29 5 Full Lotto draw results » Follow the Irish Examiner    
Login Learn more about Thomson Reuters Foundation Home Women's Rights Climate Trafficking Property Rights Humanitarian Food Videos Search INTERVIEW-Apple to appeal EU tax ruling this week, says it was a "convenient target" by Reuters Monday, 19 December 2016 00:00 GMT Share: Newsletter sign up: Most Popular Syrian child refugees taught to release stress, resist recruitment With crises set to worsen, what are aid priorities for 2017? Mexico's Maya point way to slow species loss, climate change The faces of slavery in 2016 driving change Women's rights face a daunting new year worldwide * Apple to appeal against record EU back tax order this week * Apple says it is convenient target which generates headlines * Hopeful about tax reforms under new U.S. president By Foo Yun Chee CUPERTINO, Calif., Dec 19 (Reuters) - Apple will launch a legal challenge this week to a record $14 billion EU tax demand, arguing that EU regulators ignored tax experts and corporate law and deliberately picked a method to maximise the penalty, senior executives said. Apple's combative stand underlines its anger with the European Commission, which said on Aug. 30 the company's Irish tax deal was illegal state aid and ordered it to repay up to 13 billion euros ($13.8 billion) to Ireland, where Apple has its European headquarters. European Competition Commissioner Margrethe Vestager, a former Danish economy minister, said Apple's Irish tax bill implied a tax rate of 0.005 percent in 2014. Apple intends to lodge an appeal against the Commission's ruling at Europe's second highest court this week, its General Counsel Bruce Sewell and Chief Financial Officer Luca Maestri told Reuters in an interview at the company's global headquarters in Cupertino. The iPhone and iPad maker was singled out because of its success, Sewell said. "Apple is not an outlier in any sense that matters to the law. Apple is a convenient target because it generates lots of headlines. It allows the commissioner to become Dane of the year for 2016," he said, referring to the title accorded by Danish newspaper Berlingske last month. Apple will tell judges the Commission was not diligent in its investigation because it disregarded tax experts brought in by Irish authorities. "Now the Irish have put in an expert opinion from an incredibly well-respected Irish tax lawyer. The Commission not only didn't attack that - didn't argue with it, as far as we know - they probably didn't even read it. Because there is no reference (in the EU decision) whatsoever," Sewell said. SHELTERING PROFITS The European Commission accused Ireland in 2014 of dodging international tax rules by letting Apple shelter profits worth tens of billions of dollars from tax collectors in return for maintaining jobs. Apple and Ireland denied the accusation. The Commission's tax demand angered the U.S. government, which accused the EU of grabbing revenue intended for U.S. coffers. Apple also intends to challenge the EU enforcer's basis for its case, arguing that the "crazy notion of non-residency" was chosen on purpose to produce a punitive amount. Other arguments the EU could have used could have been based on transfer pricing - the pricing strategy between a company's units - or the "arm's length" principle adopted by companies to sell and buy from affiliates as if they were unrelated firms. "Both of those other two theories at least could be fleshed out, but they produced much lower numbers," Sewell said. He added it was not possible for Apple to comply with the EU decision because it would mean Ireland violating its own past tax laws setting different rules for residents and non-resident companies. The Irish government is also appealing against the European Commission's tax demand. It believes it must protect a tax regime that has attracted many multinational employers to the country. Apple plans to tell the court that the Commission erred when it ruled that the head office of Irish-registered units Apple Sales International (ASI) and Apple Operations Europe existed only on paper, with no justification for the billions of euros it posted in untaxed profits. Sewell said the fact that an entity was a holding company with no employees on its books did not mean it was inactive and it could be actively managed by employees of its parent company. "So when Tim Cook, who is the CEO of our company, makes decisions that impact ASI, the Commission says we don't care because he is not an ASI employee, he is an Apple Inc employee. But to say that somehow Tim Cook can't make decisions for ASI is a complete mis-statement of corporate law, it's a misunderstanding of how corporations operate," he said. "ABSURD THEORY" Maestri said the Commission over-estimated the importance of the company's European headquarters in Cork in the south of Ireland. "(Vestager) is arguing that the base on which we should pay taxes in Ireland is essentially all the profits we generate outside the United States ... in a place that doesn't do any engineering, doesn't generate any intellectual property for us," he said, adding it was an "absurd theory." The company hopes U.S. president-elect Donald Trump will enact reforms to tackle tax avoidance which have led to trillions of dollars in profits being held abroad by U.S. companies, Sewell said. Europeans, he said, were operating under a localised tax system, while the United States had a global deferred system. "The difference between those two creates exactly the kind of loophole that the Commission has now been able to exploit," he said. Trump's White House victory moves Apple and other big U.S. corporations closer to winning a big tax break on $2.6 trillion in foreign profits, experts say. Currently, a law lets U.S. companies hold foreign profits overseas without paying U.S. corporate tax on them, unless those profits are brought into the United States. Corporations have $2.6 trillion stashed abroad under this law. Apple topped the list with $200 billion of profits held overseas, according to March estimates by Citizens for Tax Justice, a corporate income tax watchdog group in Washington. (Graphic: http://tmsnrt.rs/2eBx2BO). ($1 = 0.9422 euros) (Reporting by Foo Yun Chee; editing by Philip Blenkinsop and Adrian Croft) Share Tweet Share Email Comment EXPLORE MORE NEWS Syrian rebels say they froze talks on Russian-backed peace conference due to ceasefire violations Islamic State kills 24 with Baghdad car bomb, attack police stations in Samarra Murders in notoriously violent El Salvador drop 20 pct in 2016 -police Pakistani city launches new polio campaign after rare strain found About Thomson Reuters Foundation News news.trust.org Our global editorial team of almost 40 journalists and 100 freelancers covers the world’s under-reported stories at the heart of aid, development, women’s rights, human trafficking, property rights, and climate change. Find out more Find out more Newsletter sign up: Terms and Conditions Privacy and Cookies Acceptable Use Policy Contact Us Trust Principles Copyright © 2016 Thomson Reuters Foundation. Thomson Reuters Foundation is a charity registered in England and Wales (registration number: 1082139) Latest News U.S. Customs computer outage causes delays at some airports FACTBOX-China's poultry and human bird flu cases this winter Brazil drug gangs spark prison riot, 56 dead U.S. House Republicans weaken ethics body as they return to Congress Peru demands cash from Odebrecht ahead of plea deal talks Join Us Comments Close INTERVIEW-Apple to appeal EU tax ruling this week, says it was a "convenient target" We welcome comments that advance the story through relevant opinion, anecdotes, links and data. If you see a comment that you believe is irrelevant or inappropriate, you can flag it to our editors by using the report abuse links. Views expressed in the comments do not represent those of the Thomson Reuters Foundation. For more information see our Acceptable Use Policy. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide POPULAR TOPICS Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Popular Topics  Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search Apple AirPods now in Australia, New Zealand, Monday for US JC Torres - Dec 18, 2016 2 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit The long awaited, and delayed day for Apple fans and iPhone 7 owners has finally arrived. At least for the very, very early birds in Australia and New Zealand. The Apple AirPods have finally landed in stores as well as on doorsteps as Apple officially starts rolling out its odd-looking completely wireless Bluetooth earbuds. That does mean that a 19th December roll out for the US will be right on schedule for people to grab before Christmas. That is, however, if they don’t run out of supplies immediately. Apple didn’t launch the AirPods at the same time as the iPhone 7 because the technology wasn’t completely ready yet. Or so the reasoning goes. Thus, new iPhone 7 owners were left with juggling other Bluetooth headsets or with adapters. Either way, there were definitely many disappointed Apple fans who weren’t shy about making their thoughts known over the Internet. The wait, however might have been well worth it, as one proud new owner from New Zealand explains. Audio quality was good and the range was even better, two rare qualities for Bluetooth earbuds. They also work as advertised when it comes to connecting with an iPhone. Just pop them out of the charging case and they’re good to go. Taking them off your ear will automatically stop playback. There are a few things that might feel strange for new users, Redditor Portatort explains. Double tapping to activate Siri is a bit flaky and there is some juggling to do if you want to use only one of the pair. To have a mono experience, one has to put one pod back into the case and then resume playback (since it automatically pauses). Simply holding one piece in the hand and then resuming playback makes the audio play through the iPhone instead. Unless you already pre-ordered online, getting the AirPods will be an even bigger quest than getting a new iPhone. Judging by reports of lines and extremely limited stocks per store, they are very likely to run out before the day ends. VIA: Reddit (1), (2) Story Timeline Apple AirPods coming next week: here’s exactly when Best AirPod alternatives when Apple is late Lost Apple AirPods earbud? This is what a replacement will cost Tags AccessoriesAirPodsAppleBluetoothbluetooth headsetiPhone 7iPhone 7 Plus Must Read Bits & Bytes It’s time this car safety tech was standard Tesla Autopilot update makes 2016 deadline; Price increase pushed back iPhone manufacturer Foxconn reveals plans to fully automate factories The Google Pixel shipping nightmare (and Verizon’s XL role) Nintendo Switch needs retro games to succeed Latest Headlines Rare dinosaur egg embryo hints at 6-month incubation times Jan 2, 2017 Galaxy S8 leaked to get Continuum-like experience Jan 2, 2017 NASA wraps up the year with a catchy tune and 2016 highlights Jan 2, 2017 Bitcoin is back over $1,000 as value climbs Jan 2, 2017 Topps, maker of sports cards, discloses data breach Jan 2, 2017 Latest Reviews The McLaren 570S is my favorite car of 2016 Dec 30, 2016 2017 Hyundai Santa Fe Review: Affordable SUV more than matches its 7 passenger peers Dec 28, 2016 2016 BMW 330e Review: The secret plug-in hybrid Dec 26, 2016 2017 Infiniti Q60 Red Sport 400 Review Dec 26, 2016 Lenovo Phab 2 Pro review: Google Tango has landed Dec 21, 2016 Search © 2005-2016 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Columnists Law and order Education Databases Obits Political Fix National politics Nation Illinois Metro St. Charles Weather 100 Neediest Cases Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou SLU NFL Soccer Golf Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces Press releases Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel Columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print Ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 48° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Thunderstorms likely this morning. Then the chance of scattered thunderstorms this afternoon. High 49F. Winds light and variable. Chance of rain 80%.. Tonight Foggy. Low around 45F. Winds light and variable. Updated: January 2, 2017 @ 12:53 pm Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell Business Close The Associated Press In this Sept. 5, 2014, file photo, the Apple logo hangs in the glass box entrance to the company's Fifth Avenue store in New York. Ireland is appealing the European Union's landmark order to collect 13 billion euros ($14 billion) in taxes from Apple. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File) Apple appeals EU order to collect $14 billion in back taxes Associated Press Dec 18, 2016 (…) The Associated Press In this Sept. 5, 2014, file photo, the Apple logo hangs in the glass box entrance to the company's Fifth Avenue store in New York. Ireland is appealing the European Union's landmark order to collect 13 billion euros ($14 billion) in taxes from Apple. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File) Updated at 2 p.m. CUPERTINO, Calif. • Apple is appealing a European Union order to collect a record 13 billion euros ($14 billion) in back taxes based on the way it reports European-wide profits through Ireland. The move follows a similar appeal Sunday by Ireland. Ireland charges the Cupertino, Calif.-based company only for sales within Ireland. EU Competition Commissioner Margrethe Vestager said the arrangement let Apple use two shell companies incorporated in Ireland to report its Europe-wide profits at effective rates well under 1 percent. In a statement Monday, Apple said the EU took "unilateral action and retroactively changed the rules, disregarding decades of Irish tax law, U.S. tax law as well as global consensus on tax policy." "If their opinion is allowed to stand, Apple would pay 40 percent of all the corporate income tax collected in Ireland, which is unprecedented and, far from leveling the playing field, selectively targets Apple," Apple said. "This has no basis in fact or law and we're confident the ruling will be overturned." See how St. Louis stocks are faring What's going up: Read the Building Blocks blog Company headquarters that have moved from St. Louis See how much St. Louis CEOs were paid Apple says it has a worldwide income tax rate of around 26 percent. The Irish and Apple appeals set the stage for a titanic legal battle that has implications for more than 600 U.S. multinationals based in Ireland and thousands more using tax-avoidance vehicles globally. The EU's Department of Finance has pledged to close rules permitting shell companies, though global companies could avoid that obstacle by shifting the same accounting strategies to other countries beyond the EU's wrath. Business Briefing from St. Louis Post-Dispatch Make it your business. Get twice-daily updates on what the St. Louis business community is talking about. This field is required. Sign Up! leave this blank I understand that registration constitutes agreement to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Tags Business General News Technology Economy Corporate Taxes Government Finance Government Business And Finance Government And Politics National Governments State Governments Corporate News Apple Company Revenue Commerce European Union Ireland Economics View (…) comments Most popular Missouri among 19 states where the minimum wage will increase on Jan. 1 Tesla's license to sell cars in Missouri expiring Washington University study raises questions about current welding safety standards Shri Thanedar succeeds in St. Louis, fails, then rises again in Michigan Those jobs Trump brags about are just a fraction of Sprint's huge layoffs Follow us Business columnists Jim Gallagher - Finance David Nicklaus - Economy Building Blocks Employer News Turn Seasonal Hires into All-Season Brand Ambassadors Latest in section Stocks start 2017 with gains, but many markets stay shut The new year is the time to ask: Do I have the job I really want? Saving a little extra makes a big difference to retirement Illinois starts 2017 with no state budget At age 87, the pink slip catches up to Boeing engineer Quick links David Nicklaus Gas prices Press releases St. Louis CEO pay Stock markets Top workplaces Donate to 100 Neediest Cases Vote now for your favorite photos! See ads from today's newspaper Manage your services Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Online Features Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2017 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Close Skip to main content sign in Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International The Guardian home › tech home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech selected arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Apple Ireland to fight EU order to collect €13bn in back taxes from Apple Dublin government argues it should be allowed to choose how much it levies on foreign companies EU competition commissioner Margrethe Vestager’s decision that Apple must pay back taxes to Ireland is being challenged by the Dubli government. Photograph: Eric Vidal/Reuters Associated Press Monday 19 December 2016 02.54 EST Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Ireland will appeal the European Union’s order to force it to collect a record €13bn in taxes from Apple, the Irish government has said. The Irish finance department’s announcement on Monday comes nearly four months after EU competition authorities hit Apple with the back-tax bill based on its longtime reporting of European-wide profits through Ireland. The country charges the American company only for sales on its own territory at Europe-low rates that in turn have been greatly reduced by the controversial use of shell companies at home and abroad. The Apple tax ruling – what this means for Ireland, tax and multinationals Read more In its formal legal submission, the Dublin says its low taxes are the whole point of its sales pitch to foreign investors — and said it is perfectly legal to levy far less tax on profits than imposed by competitors. It accuses EU competition authorities of unfairness, exceeding their competence and authority, and seeking to breach Ireland’s sovereignty in national tax affairs. The ruling unveiled 30 August by the European competition commissioner Margrethe Vestager called on Apple to pay Ireland the €13bn for gross underpayment of tax on profits across the bloc from 2003 to 2014. Her report concluded that the California-based Apple used two shell companies incorporated in Ireland to permit Apple to report its Europe-wide profits at effective rates well under 1%. The scope of the order could have been even greater because EU time limits meant the judgment could include potential tax infringements dating only from 2003, not all the way back to Apple’s original 1991 tax deal with Ireland. But Irish specialists in corporate tax estimate that the EU’s order, if enforced, actually would total €19bn because of compounding interest from delayed payment. tax The centerpiece of Ireland’s argument is that Vestager should have confined herself to policing illegal state aid that gives an unfair advantage to a particular company, whereas the EU has launched an assault on a policy that Ireland has offered to all foreign companies locating on its soil. The benefits are obvious in Ireland, which has the fastest-growing economy in Europe driven by the exports of about 1,000 multinationals that employ 5% of the workforce and generate nearly a quarter of economic output. Apple is the biggest private employer in the Irish Republic’s second-largest city, Cork, with a workforce exceeding 5,500. Economists estimate Apple’s Cork operation pumps around €19bn annually in salaries, tax and investment into the Irish economy. “The purpose of the state aid rules is to tackle state interventions which confer a selective advantage. The state aid rules by their nature cannot remedy mismatches between tax systems on a global level,” the finance department brief argued as it contested the EU’s contention that Apple got benefits denied to other companies based here. The Irish reply sets the stage for a titanic legal battle from Brussels to California and beyond that has implications for more than 600 US multinationals based in Ireland and thousands more using tax-avoidance vehicles globally. Apple chief executive Tim Cook already has denounced the EU judgment, disputes its calculations and says the company will pursue its own legal challenges expected to last years. Ireland, an EU member since 1973, has for decades charged a headline rate on corporate taxes of 12.5% —less than half the European norm and nearly a third the US rate of 35% — and has facilitated the complex use of shell companies that help Apple and scores of other hi-tech global enterprises, including social media and pharmaceutical leaders, to pay far less on non-US sales of goods and services. The finance department has pledged to close its shell company-focused rules, but that move is expected to create no obstacle to global companies, which can shift the same accounting strategies to other countries beyond the EU’s wrath. More news Topics Apple Ireland Tax avoidance European Union Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Reuse this content View all comments > Order by newest oldest recommendations Show 25 25 50 100 All Threads collapsed expanded unthreaded Loading comments… Trouble loading? View more comments more on this story HMRC empowered to name and shame tax evasion 'enablers' Treasury says individuals or corporates who take deliberate action to help others evade paying tax face steep fines Published: 1 Jan 2017 HMRC empowered to name and shame tax evasion 'enablers' Labour 'finds £2.6bn black hole in Treasury's tax avoidance measures' Shadow chancellor John McDonnell identifies three schemes that he claims will raise significantly less than had been announced by the government Published: 23 Dec 2016 Labour 'finds £2.6bn black hole in Treasury's tax avoidance measures' MPs poised to investigate VAT fraud on Amazon and eBay Public accounts committee expected to examine overseas traders evading hundreds of millions in tax on online sales Published: 20 Dec 2016 MPs poised to investigate VAT fraud on Amazon and eBay Fears that EU measures against financial crime will be weakened European council proposals on company information would lead to ‘business as usual’ in wake of Panama Papers, critics say Published: 20 Dec 2016 Fears that EU measures against financial crime will be weakened UK MPs unite to push for greater transparency from tax havens Published: 19 Dec 2016 UK MPs unite to push for greater transparency from tax havens Labour plans radical overhaul of HMRC Published: 8 Sep 2016 Labour plans radical overhaul of HMRC Tax avoidance: Philip Hammond pledges to retrieve £2bn Published: 23 Nov 2016 Tax avoidance: Philip Hammond pledges to retrieve £2bn Chancellor to close tax avoidance loophole exposed by Guardian Published: 23 Nov 2016 Chancellor to close tax avoidance loophole exposed by Guardian More more on this story most viewed The Guardian back to top home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech selected arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home US politics world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech selected arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Technology › Apple Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2017 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
null
