Click to Skip Ad Closing in... Tech Entertainment Business Deals Science Politics About Business Image Source: Essential Andy Rubin’s new company already got screwed by Apple Chris Mills @chrisfmills May 31st, 2017 at 5:31 PM Share Tweet Andy Rubin, the former Googler who founded Android, is no stranger to fighting with Apple. After all, he and his mobile platform have been locked in an unending battle with the iPhone for the last ten years. But even though his new company doesn’t have much to do with mobile operating systems, it’s already lost out because of Apple. During a talk yesterday evening, Rubin confirmed that Essential, his new company, lost out on a $100 million investment because of a perceived conflict with Apple. For a company that’s technically a startup, a $100 million investment is nothing to laugh at. Don't Miss: T-Mobile is having one of its biggest ever giveaways Rubin basically confirmed a story first reported by the WSJ in March: Essential was close to a deal with SoftBank’s Vision Fund for a $100 million investment, which would have valued Rubin’s startup at $1 billion. The paperwork was reportedly in the final stages when SoftBank decided to pass, thanks to SoftBank’s ties to Apple. The Vision Fund is a $100 billion fund that invests in new technology, and Apple has previously put $1 billion into the fund. If the deal between Essential and SoftBank had gone through, that would’ve meant that Apple would have a (tiny) stake in a rival smartphone maker. Although Apple didn’t object to the investment, SoftBank didn’t want the conflict to happen. The deal mattered less for the money, and more for the platform that SoftBank could have provided. Essential found investment cash elsewhere, but SoftBank had promised a major marketing push for the new Essential smartphone in Japan. As is, Essential is launching worldwide with zero support for major carriers. It’s difficult to overstate how hard it is for a luxury smartphone manufacturer to crack the market in the US. Apple and Samsung have near-total control over the luxury smartphone market, thanks to the long-established recognition the two brands have. The only hope a competitor has is to sell through carriers: virtually no-one buys a smartphone up-front off the internet, so sales through carrier-owned retail stores are often the only physical push a new phone has. A deal with SoftBank could have given Essential an in. SoftBank is the second-largest carrier in Japan, and also owns Sprint. A deal might have pushed Essential as the new kid on the block through SoftBank’s retail stores, giving the phone at least a chance to take on Apple and Samsung. As is, it looks like the Essential smartphone — which appears to be technologically stunning — is an expensive, splashy way of launching Essential Home, the company’s smart home play. Internet-connected gadgets are all good, but the big money is still in smartphones, and I’m not sure Essential would have spent all the money to develop a new flagship and not bother working with any carriers. Reading between the lines, it seems like Apple’s mere reputation might have killed a new competitor before it launched one single product. Tags: Apple, Essential View Comments Trending 1 Tech People are going to pay $880 for this ‘Pirates of the Caribbean’ Galaxy S8, sadly 2 Tech Rumor claims Apple’s MacBook Air line is dead 3 Tech Foxconn insider drops avalanche of information about the iPhone 8, new MacBooks, Apple’s smart glasses and more 4 Tech New leak sheds light on Apple’s secretive ‘smart glasses’ project 5 Entertainment NBA Finals 2017 live stream: How to watch Warriors vs. Cavaliers Game 2 online Picked For You Foxconn insider drops avalanche of information about the iPhone 8, new MacBooks, Apple’s smart glasses and more By Yoni Heisler 1 day ago People are going to pay $880 for this ‘Pirates of the Caribbean’ Galaxy S8, sadly By Chris Smith 15 hours ago Samsung’s about to launch a new version of the Galaxy S8 By Chris Smith 3 days ago Advertise About Contact Copyright 2017 BGR Media, LLC Powered by WordPress.com VIP | Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Rights | Terms Of Use ad
TechRadar The source for Tech Buying Advice Search RSS US Edition Reviews How To Phones TVs Laptops Deals Photography More Car Tech Wearables Tablets Components Audiovisual Gaming Computing Downloads News Pro Trending Buying Guides Computex 2017 iPhone 8 Samsung Galaxy S8 Project Scorpio Samsung Galaxy Note 8 News WWDC 2017: what to expect from Apple's big developer conference WWDC 2017: what to expect from Apple's big developer conference By James Rogerson Tablets   iOS 11, iPad Pro 2 and more Shares Apple’s WWDC (Worldwide Developers Conference) 2017 is just days away, and as well as the announcement of iOS 11, we’re likely to hear about a variety of other new software – such as watchOS 4 – and even potentially some hardware. Could the long-rumored iPad Pro 2 or Siri Speaker be in attendance? It’s very possible. Read on for a full guide to everything that we might see when WWDC 2017 kicks off on June 5 at the McEnery Convention Center in San Jose. Cut to the chase What is it? Apple's software-focused conference When is it? June 5 - June 9 2017 iOS 11 While many things are rumored for WWDC 2017, iOS 11 will almost certainly be shown off. Rumored highlights of the new version include lots of upgrades to Siri, focused on making it learn your habits and respond to questions faster. We’re also hearing that Apple Pay could get an upgrade, allowing for peer-to-peer payments, while FaceTime audio calls could become the default when calling someone else who uses an iPhone, so you don’t eat into your minutes. Apple might also launch a sleep tracking app with iOS 11, plus, Apple Clips could get more features, low-power mode could get better by learning your habits and location, a Dark Mode could be added, and communications may even be consolidated into a single menu – so you can see emails, SMS messages and social network communications with a given person all in one place. Not only will iOS 11 probably be announced at WWDC, but you’ll even likely be able to grab a beta version of it – though the final, finished version probably won’t arrive until mid-September. Here's everything we expect to see on iOS 11 watchOS 4 As well as a new version of iOS, Apple might also launch a new watchOS, specifically watchOS 4. Not much is known about what this will bring yet, but given that Apple has bought a company that makes sleep trackers there’s a good chance a sleep tracking feature will be added to watchOS. We also might see the ability to track more activities, with skiing and snowboarding being tested according to Gizmodo. iPad Pro 2 While software is usually the focus of WWDC, we do sometimes get major hardware announcements too, and this year the iPad Pro 2 could be the headline announcement. There’s not a huge amount of evidence that we’ll see it at WWDC 2017, but it’s clearly in the works, and respected analyst Ming-Chi Kuo reckons there’s around a 70% chance of a 10.5-inch iPad Pro 2 showing up. That’s one of two or three iPad Pro 2 models that we’re ultimately expecting to see, and along with the new screen size it’s rumored to have a powerful new A10X chipset, a bigger battery and a new and improved Apple Pencil. Here's what we know so far about the iPad Pro 2 iPhone SE 2 Although the iPhone 8 probably won’t land until September, the iPhone SE 2 might arrive at WWDC. If and when it does launch, it’s likely to replace the original iPhone SE as Apple’s most affordable handset but with a very different design, complete with an all-glass back. Not much else has been rumored about the iPhone SE 2 yet though, which makes us doubt a WWDC unveiling is actually on the cards. Here's everything we know about the iPhone SE 2 MacBooks Not one but three new MacBook models are rumored to be arriving at WWDC 2017, with the MacBook Pro, MacBook Air and 12-inch MacBook all potentially getting refreshed. But refresh is the key word, as sources suggest that while the specs will be getting a bump, there won’t be much change to the design or features. Apparently, the new MacBook Pro will house the latest Intel Core i processor series, with the 12-inch MacBook being similarly spec’d. Siri Speaker Apple is heavily rumored to be working on a Siri-powered smart speaker, designed to compete with the Amazon Echo and Google Home, and one analyst reckons there’s a 50% chance we’ll see it at WWDC 2017. The Siri Speaker (which probably won’t launch under that name), is rumored to have some kind of touch panel, and potentially even a built-in camera, perhaps so that it can recognize users. It may even be able to sense emotions – though we’re not yet sure what it would do with that ability. Apple TV and tvOS We wouldn’t count on seeing a new Apple TV at WWDC 2017, but it’s possible and could well come with support for 4K and HDR content. Whether or not a 5th gen Apple TV lands we might see a new version of tvOS. This might sport better Siri integration and come with more and better content. macOS Finally on the software front, a new version of macOS is likely to be announced at WWDC 2017. It hasn’t been officially named yet, but it will probably be version 10.13. Nothing is really known about it yet, and while it might well be previewed at WWDC, a final release probably won’t land until later in the year. We're already counting the days until MWC 2018 Related news The best business productivity gadgets There’s a fix in the works for a frustrating new Microsoft Office bug Motorola may announce the Moto Z2 Play tomorrow Best drones 2017: DJI, Parrot and more for pros and beginners See more Tablets news Tech deals, prizes and latest news Get the best tech deals, reviews, product advice, competitions, unmissable tech news and more! No spam, we promise. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission. Most Popular Most Shared 1 Samsung Galaxy Note 8 release date, news and rumors 2 The best free VPN 2017 3 New Nokia 3310 (2017) review 4 The Samsung Galaxy Note 8 has to have a 4K screen 5 OnePlus 5 leak tips it to be faster than the Samsung Galaxy S8 1 Samsung Galaxy Note 8 release date, news and rumors 2 It doesn’t matter if you hate the new Nokia 3310, it’s already done its job 3 Kodi, VLC and other media players are open to malware attack via subtitles 4 Yes, Samsung Galaxy S8's iris scanner can be hacked – here's how 5 Huawei MateBook X review TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site. About Us Terms and conditions Privacy policy Cookies policy Advertise with us © Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury, Bath BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 1 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Here’s Why Apple Stock Has Been Crushing the S&amp;P 500 This Year Shutterstock photo While it never seems to leave the spotlight for too long, Apple AAPL is currently hogging the attention of investors around the world as we prepare for the company’s annual Worldwide Developers Conference next week. Speculation about what Apple might announce at the latest WWDC is abound, but it seems likely that we will see some form of Siri-based home assistant device, as well as the debut of iOS 11. And as the anticipation of these announcements continues to ramp up, now seems like a good time to reflect on Apple’s insane stock performance so far this year. It wasn’t long ago that were talking about Apple „losing its magic” after the company posted its first annual sales decline since 2001, but the stock has significantly outpaced the S&P 500 recently, leaving many investors to wonder how exactly Apple got its groove back. Of course, we all know that AAPL has been one of the most incredible stocks to own over the years. Thanks in no small part to the genius of co-founder and longtime CEO Steve Jobs, the company was able to consistently deliver value to shareholders-at the same time that it was revolutionizing consumer electronics. But things start changing after the passing of Jobs, and the story took a major turn last year when sales of Apple’s marquee product, the iPhone, started slipping for the first time. For much of 2016, the stock barely kept pace with the S&P 500, a benchmark that Apple investors had grown accustom to crushing. Apple shares ended the year up about 12.15%, meagerly ahead of the S&P’s 11.96% gain. Nevertheless, things have changed quickly yet again. So far this year, AAPL has soared more than 33%, while the S&P 500 has gained just less than 9%. So what happened? Well, Apple’s rebound really started earlier this year when the company reported the results of its holiday quarter. iPhone sales are always the key to Apple’s reports, as the product accounts for roughly 60% of its total revenue, and the December quarter-which saw Apple post 5% growth in this segment-broke a streak of three-straight periods of iPhone sales declines. Another encouraging aspect of this report was the growth of Apple’s Services unit, which includes things like Apple Care, Apple Pay, Apple Music, and the App Store. The company marked Services growth of 18% in the first fiscal quarter, and it was able to maintain that growth rate in its latest quarterly report as well. Interestingly, Apple’s second-quarter report marked a return to iPhone sales declines. Unit sales slipped 1% year-over-year to 50.8 million, which missed our consensus estimate of 51.2 million and continued the sharp decline from 2015’s peak of 61.2 million. But none of this really gets to the root of why Apple has been on such a roll. No, in my view, Apple’s recent performance has nothing to do with its results; instead, it has everything to do with anticipation. As mentioned, this year’s WWDC is garnering a lot of buzz, and it seems like it will be a monumental moment for the company to display some of the work it has been doing in the worlds of AI and IoT. Some analysts have also murmured about a possible MacBook upgrade. What’s more, this year is the ten-year anniversary of the iPhone. Whether it be the iPhone 8, a combination of the 7s models + the iPhone 8 later in the year, or even a special iPhone X edition, we can rest assured that a monumental new phone is coming soon. This effect is two-fold. First of all, it lightens the relevancy of the 1% drop in iPhone sales in the most recent quarter. We can easily blame that slump on people holding out for the next announcement. Also, we can see that investors think the iPhone 8 is going to be huge, as the stock has been moving with every rumor and leak that spills out. So far, it seems like the next iPhone will have an all-glass body, an edge-to-edge display, no home button, wireless charging, and new OLED technologies. Tack this anticipation onto the overall strength of the technology sector, as well as Wall Street’s hopes for corporate tax reform, and it’s easy to see why Apple shares are soaring. Let’s just hope Apple can live up to the expectations. Want more stock market analysis from this author? Make sure to follow @ Ryan_McQueeney on Twitter! More Stock News: 8 Companies Verge on Apple-Like Run Did you miss Apple’s 9X stock explosion after they launched their iPhone in 2007? Now 2017 looks to be a pivotal year to get in on another emerging technology expected to rock the market. Demand could soar from almost nothing to $42 billion by 2025. Reports suggest it could save 10 million lives per decade, which could in turn save $200 billion in U.S. healthcare costs. A bonus Zacks Special Report names this breakthrough and the 8 best stocks to exploit it. Like Apple in 2007, these companies are already strong and coiling for potential mega-gains. Click to see them right now >> Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report Apple Inc. (AAPL): Free Stock Analysis Report To read this article on Zacks.com click here. Zacks Investment Research The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Severe Thunderstorms for Portions of the Northeast and Central Plains Next PostNext Finance & Development: „Millennials and the Future of Work” Search Recent Posts RF Amplifier Chips Market: Dynamics, Segments, Size and Demand, 2017-2022 Global Volumetric Soil Moisture Sensor Industry 2017 Market Research Report Global Oil Mist Separator Industry Continues Explosive Growth by 2022 Samenvatting: Murata verwerft ID-Solutions in Italië Samenvatting: Murata verwerft ID-Solutions in Italië Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Tech giants warn Texas over anti-trans bathroom law · PinkNews Enter your email address to receive our daily LGBT news roundup Sign up No thanks You're free to unsubscribe at any time. Follow @pinknews News News Home UK US World Trans Politics Education Law Religion Business Entertainment Trans Opinion Travel Life Life Home Health Sport About Advertise Contact Privacy RSS Search Home UK US World Current Affairs Entertainment Opinion Travel Features Trans US Tech giants warn Texas over anti-trans bathroom law Elena Cherubini, PinkNews 31st May 2017, 2:48 PM Mark Zuckerberg, Facebook CEO, also signed the letter against the "bathroom bill" (David Ramos/Getty Images) Google, Microsoft, Apple, Amazon and others urged Texas to not adopt a “discriminatory” anti-trans “bathroom bill”. If approved by the Governor, anti-LGBT legislation in Texas would require transgender people to only use public bathrooms corresponding with their sex at birth. The tech companies have lobbied against the proposal and have wrote a letter to Texas Governor Greg Abbot demanding him to stop pursuing the bill. Governor Greg Abbott may to call for a special legislative session to pass the bathroom bill The letter was signed by the CEOs of Amazon, Facebook, IBM, Apple, Microsoft, Gearbox Software, Google, Celanese Corporation, Salesforce, Cisco, GSD&M, Silicon Labs, Dell Technologies and Hewlett Packard Enterprise (HP). The CEOs wrote: “We are writing to express our steadfast opposition to the introduction and passage of any discriminatory legislation in Texas. “Such laws are bad for our employees and bad for business.” Since Texas has a unique political system, the state legislature only meets every two years for a period of maximum 140 days. The state legislature ended this Monday and a partial version of the bill, limited to students in public schools, was passed by lawmakers. However, now that the session has been adjourned there’s talk that the Gvoernor may call for a special legislative session to pass a broader anti-trans bill. Abbott has insisted that passing the bathroom bill was his “top priority”. “As large employers in the state, we are gravely concerned that any such legislation would deeply tarnish Texas’ reputation as open and friendly to businesses and families,” the letter continues. “Discrimination is wrong and it has no place in Texas or anywhere in our country.” The ending of the letter clearly states the opposition of the tech companies for the bill. “We strongly urge you and the Texas legislature not to further pursue legislation of this kind.” North Carolina,the only state in the US that had a “bathroom bill” in place, repealed it earlier this year, but the decision sparked controversy as the partial-repeal left some discriminatory policies in place. Governors in Arkansas, Kentucky, and South Dakota have rejected this type of law. Earlier this month Texas passed a bill that allows adoption agencies to discriminate against LGBT people. The same legislature also passed a bill banning ban transgender athletes from competing. 2 reader comments Share on Facebook Share on Twitter More like this What is a gender-neutral bathroom? Texas Governor still hopeful that state will pass anti-trans bathroom bill Texas Senate revives full anti-trans bathroom bill in late-night vote Texas Senate gives final approval to bill to let adoption agencies discriminate against gay couples Female politicians in Texas protest anti-LGBT bathroom law by occupying the men’s toilets North Carolina governor prompts anger by promising LGBT protections after ‘fake’ HB2 repeal Governor of Texas says passing anti-LGBT bathroom bill is ‘top priority’ Texas Senate passes bill to let officials ban trans wrestler from competing More: LGBT Trans Transgender Texas bathroom bill Trending Trending Now Trump ditches White House LGBT Pride Month celebrations Ivanka Trump tweeted her support for pride month and got destroyed That viral ‘gay silence’ meme comes from a hilariously awkward Jodie Foster interview Kathy Griffin fired by CNN for images of 'beheading' Donald Trump Trending Trump ditches White House LGBT Pride Month celebrations Ivanka Trump tweeted her support for LGBT pride month and people did not buy it That viral ‘gay silence’ meme comes from a hilariously awkward Jodie Foster interview Kathy Griffin fired by CNN, loses endorsements and tour date after vile Donald Trump ‘beheading’ stunt Latest stories 9 of the most stunning images from Poland’s Equality Parade Liam Gallagher has opened up about his kid’s sexuality Ruth Bader Ginsburg’s workout routine is now a book and we’re obsessed This charity is telling teenagers to send pictures of naked mole rats instead of nudes Lesbian couple attacked in NYC subway left unconscious Nigerian writer Chibuihe Obi reportedly kidnapped for writing about queerphobia © 2017 PinkNews Terms Contact Advertise
Pocket-lint search News Reviews Features Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR Pocket-lint News Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR All News Reviews Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR All Reviews Features YouTube Instagram Facebook Twitter Google+ search Phones Best Phone Cameras Fitness trackers Parent hub Smart home search Apple has begun production of its Siri speaker, should release this year Elyse Betters31 May 2017Speakers Pocket-lint Facebook Twitter Pintrest LinkedIn Google+ Mail Comment Amazon is supposedly working on a Siri-powered speaker, and according to a new report, it's now in production. Apple plans to go after both Amazon Echo and Google Home with its own assistant-enabled speaker. There have been several leaks and reports about this unconfirmed device, which you can read all about here in Pocket-lint's round-up, but strangely, we've yet to see any images of it leak out through the press. Nevertheless, Bloomberg said it is still coming and that Apple has started manufacturing it. Most people think it could be announced at WWDC 2017, Apple's annual developers conference that kicks off in June. But if it's only now entering production, don't expect to buy one right off. Apparently, the speaker "will not be ready" to ship until later in the year, but it'll be louder and better-sounding than the existing competition, as it will offer up a "virtual surround sound" - whatever that means. We're thinking it can just fill a room with sound, like 360-degree speakers do. Apple reportedly has also mulled the idea of including sensors that auto-adjust sound levels based on room noise, which means it might be able to lower music if you're talking, but that's not confirmed. It would also integrate with Apple's ecosystem, so you should be able to control HomeKit-capable smart home devices. Curved OLED iPhone 8 confirmed by Samsung? Apple will officially test its self-driving tech on this car in California Apple and Nike made a new Apple Watch called NikeLab and it's limited If it does work with third-party services as well, then we should definitely hear something about it at WWDC, because that would give developers time to offer support before the speaker launches. Although WWDC doesn't usually include hardware, there are other reports claiming that Apple may use the show to update its Mac and iPad lineups. Check out our WWDC guide for more details on that. Pocket-lint will bring you the latest from WWDC as it happens. Sections Apple Speakers Source: Bloomberg Sonos PlayBase review: Super-slim soundbase makes TV sound sublime Which Sonos speaker is best for you? Play:1, Play:3, Play:5, PlayBar or PlayBase Speaker placement tips and tricks: Things to look out for when setting up a... Amazon Echo gets cool new features, check out what Alexa can do now Popular In Speakers On Pocket-lint Denon Envaya Bluetooth speakers are back with a new model and complete redesign Apple's Siri speaker: What's the story so far? Apple has begun production of its Siri speaker, should release this year Google Home calling: How does it work and when will it be ready? Microsoft Cortana skills: Which are available now and how do they work? "Alexa, how many times has the UK won nil points?": Alexa knows everything about Eurovision Move over, Alexa: More Cortana devices and skills are on the way Samsung Bixby voice-controlled speaker incoming? Patents would suggest so Harman Kardon Invoke speaker has Microsoft Cortana for brains Apple's Echo-like smart speaker with Siri could debut at WWDC 2017 Apple WWDC 2017: When is it, where to watch, and what to expect? Alphabet’s Waymo moves on from cars, now testing self-driving trucks Samsung made a Pirates of the Caribbean-themed Galaxy S8 Snapchat Spectacles tips and tricks: Get creative with your new specs MSI GT83VR Titan preview: Gaming monster with a roar HP Spectre x360 (2017) preview: 15-incher with supermodel looks Toshiba X97 Series OLED TV preview: High-end TV tech, but at what price? Eve V preview: What makes the crowd-funded Surface Pro rival so special? Nintendo Switch online subscription service delayed until 2018 V-Moda Forza Metallo Wireless review: Jaw-dropping sound from new neckband earphones Comments search News All news Reviews Hands-on All reviews Features Buyer's guides Vs All features Sections Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR Popular Brands Apple Samsung HTC Microsoft Google Facebook Lego Panasonic LG Amazon Extras & Social Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Google+ YouTube Events Pocket-lint Gadget Awards Regulars Comps Copyright Pocket-lint ltd 2003 - 2017 Site map Contact us About us Reviews policy Site policy Advertise on Pocket-lint
Subscribe Sign In Home Contact SFGate Classifieds About SFGate About SFGate FAQ SFGate Newsletters SFGate Staff Careers Site Index Hearst About The Chronicle About The Chronicle The Chronicle Staff Become a Subscriber Manage Your Subscription Customer Service Careers e-edition Back Copies Chronicle in Education Corrections Advertise with Us More on Advertising More on Advertising Place a Classified Ad About Our Ads Public Notices Local Business Directory Place an Obituary Gate List Store Privacy policy Privacy policy Ad Choices Chronicle Archives Terms of Use Newsletters Get news alerts SFGate Customer support Get VIP access with SF Chronicle Membership Get SFGate newsletters for the latest from the Bay Check out the Top 100 Bay Area restaurants Local Bay Area & State News Traffic Weather Precipitation Data Crime Earthquakes Obituaries Arrest Records Video State high court ruling on death penalty could restart executions High Times Cannabis Cup gives Wine Country different weekend buzz Trump may not try to block Comey testimony California's 'green rush' draws Hmong immigrants News Education Nation World Politics Sponsored: Clean Energy CA 4 nations cut diplomatic ties to Qatar as Gulf rift deepens UN chief announces new talks on Cyprus reunification in June US energy chief reassures Japan of commitment to environment Day of Portland demonstrations marked by arrests, clashes Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Quakes Golf Sports Calendar NFL MLB NBA College Preps Outdoors Warriors’ Attles wins lifetime achievement award Names & Faces: Evel Knievel, Novak Djokovic With Kerr back on bench, Warriors cruise to Game 2 win SF’s Chris Mocko wins marathon in Ireland Business Technology The Tech Chronicles Jobs Public Notices Sponsored Content VisionSF Airbnb hosts more likely to reject the disabled, a study finds Move hat making into a US factory? Easier said than done Job growth stumbles in May Blue Apron meal kit delivery service files for IPO A&E The Daily Dish Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Events Books TV Horoscope Comics Crosswords & Puzzles Things To Do Rhino’s ‘Priscilla’ keeps Bay Area chintz alive The latest from Dear Abby Reno-Tahoe Nightlife Tia Carrere reprises ‘Wayne’s World’ role for Clusterfest Food Restaurants Wine Top 100 Restaurants Chronicle Wine Competition Reservations Beer News Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating Food critic Michael Bauer 5 amazing food adventures Our favorite places for doughnuts in the Bay Area Where to find free doughnuts in the Bay Area Here's a photo of Lebron James ordering a bunch of food at The Living Home & Garden Style Parties Lust Summer Camp Guide Cannabis LGBT Mommy Files Houzz Parenting Outdoors Health Education Sponsored Schools, Camps & Activities Our favorite Bay Area Instagram photos from May Stunning floral decor for your next outdoor party Town debates whether teens who mow lawns should pay $110 for Yosemite's newest thrill: Running through a 'dangerous' waterfall Travel Monterey-Carmel Weekend Getaways Wine Country Napa Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Chris McGinnis' Travel Tips Suite Spot: The Hideaway, Carmel One Day, One Place: Covering the waterfront, Monterey style SFO getting more flights to New Orleans Cold rush: Larger fleet sails for Alaskan waters Real Estate The Walk-Through New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Place an ad Home Guides Home Sales On the Block Blog Hot Property: Home in the heart of the city Small cottage on huge lot for $1.195 million in Corona Heights Sweet Orinda home goes pending in 8 days Berkeley’s Oaks Theatre hits the market at $4.25 million Cars Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Al's Road to the Big Game Sell Your Car Short-lived marque lets broker fulfill college dream 1977 MGB Roadster made to travel Highway 1 Flagship model serves up elite international Grand Touring Coupes Carpooling mom rediscovers speed in Honda S2000 Jobs Job Events Hearst, SFGATE Jobs Advertise Salary Wizard Get To Work Live life after graduation debt free Be aware of the five most common interview areas Multiple careers, one resume? Follow quick tips for making your first job successful Classifieds Chronicle Latest columns Michael Bauer Leah Garchik Bruce Jenkins Esther Mobley Ann Killion Otis R. Taylor Jr. Thomas Lee Matier & Ross Heather Knight Kathleen Pender Scott Ostler Special Report: Forgotten Survivors of AIDS Rising reality: Managing rising sea levels Beyond Homelessness: Tackling SF's epidemic Michael Bauer's Top 100 Restaurants MenuSections http://www.sfgate.com/business/article/Business-News-Roundup-June-1-11186580.php Business News Roundup, June 1 Chronicle News Services Updated 3:50 pm, Wednesday, May 31, 2017 Is Apple ready to echo Echo? Apple has started manufacturing a long-in-the-works Siri-controlled smart speaker, according to people familiar with the matter. The Cupertino company could debut the speaker as soon as its annual developer conference in June, but the device will not be ready to ship until later in the year, the people said. The device will differ from Amazon.com’s Echo and Google’s Home speakers by offering virtual surround sound technology and deep integration with Apple’s product lineup, said the people, who requested anonymity to discuss products that aren’t yet public. Latest business videos Introducing a speaker would provide a hub to automate appliances and lights via Apple’s HomeKit system, and establish a bulwark inside the home to lock customers more tightly into Apple’s network of services. The Home and Echo mostly don’t support services from Apple, which can lead their users to stream music from such services as Spotify, Amazon Prime Music or Google Play rather than Apple Music. Insider trading Dublin man gets indicted Dublin resident Saleem Mohammad Khan was arrested Wednesday in connection with an insider trading scheme that involves an unnamed co-conspirator, authorities said. Khan, 53, was indicted on charges of conspiracy and seven counts of securities fraud, U.S. Attorney Brian Stretch and FBI Special Agent in Charge John Bennett said in a news release. The San Francisco grand jury indictment alleges that Khan received inside information about the financial performance of Ross Stores Inc., which then had its headquarters in Pleasanton. Khan allegedly bought and sold shares of the stock, sometimes using the brokerage accounts of other people. The indictment says that from 2009 through 2012, Khan and others generated illegal profits of more than $8.2 million from the scheme. New York Group wants Lyft probe A New York labor organization is calling for an investigation of Lyft and other ride-hailing services for allegedly cheating drivers. The Independent Drivers Guild said Wednesday that Lyft has been engaged in “large-scale deception” by improperly deducting more than 11 percent from drivers’ fares on interstate trips. In effect, the San Francisco company is stealing wages by collecting taxes and surcharges on trips out of state that should apply only to in-state trips, and then disguising those charges as administrative fees, the labor group says. Drivers have also accused Uber, Juno and other ride-hailing services of being less than up-front in their dealings with their citizen drivers. “There is no merit to this allegation,” Lyft spokesman Adrian Durbin said Wednesday afternoon. “Our driver agreement lays out what commissions and fees apply to driving on the Lyft platform, and we’ve consistently abided by the agreement since entering the New York market in 2014.” New York drivers found that Lyft appears to be deducting a state sales tax on out-of-state trips that should be applied only to rides that begin and end in New York, the drivers guild says. The service also appears to be improperly collecting a surcharge for the Black Car Fund on out-of-state trips. Chronicle News Services Latest from the SFGATE homepage: Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. NBA FINALS GAME 2: WARRIORS VS. CAVS With Kerr back on bench, Warriors cruise to Game 2 win Warriors practice becomes A-List event for celebrities 4-year-old Warriors fan is a dead ringer for Steph Curry Guy Fieri brings Flavortown to Game 2, poses with E-40 Killion: Kerr's return has risk, but he completes Warriors Scenes from Game 2 include Santana's anthem, other celebs LATEST NEWS Putin, Megyn Kelly have heated exchange over Trump-Russia Man dies after being knifed following fight on bus Photo shows man casually mowing lawn with tornado nearby Unusual June rain could soak Bay Area this week Doug the Pug is the real big dog at SF Clusterfest CNN host rebuked for comment to spelling-bee champion Internet hunts man who allegedly hit people at Berkeley rally California's 'green rush' draws Hmong immigrants Nobody wants this $29 million mansion near SF's 'Billionaire Row' SF's most expensive house: This $40M modern masterpiece Zillow predicts price decreases in these SF neighborhoods $2.895 million flat in Telegraph Hill Climber makes chilling, unroped ascent of El Capitan Yosemite's newest thrill: Running through a 'dangerous' waterfall 50 'old' movies every young person needs to watch The worst film each year since 1967 Mother paralyzed by tree branch in SF struggles after accident Family of woman badly hurt by branch awaits SF’s help TODAY'S TOP PICKS Famous Bay Area authors' must-read books and lesser-known gems Fun times during the first two days of Clusterfest Alec Baldwin’s advice to Kathy Griffin on Trump brouhaha Most Popular 1 Photo shows man casually mowing the lawn with massive tornado... 2 Unusual June rain could soak Bay Area this week 3 Nobody wants this mansion near San Francisco's 'Billionaire... 4 Climber, without rope, conquers Yosemite’s El Capitan 5 CNN host assumed an Indian-American spelling-bee champion... 6 Opinion: With his London tweets, Trump embarrasses himself -... 7 Man dies after being knifed following fight on bus in Oakley 8 Celebrities want to see the Golden State Warriors any way they... 9 Steve Kerr returns to Warriors’ bench for Game 2 10 Man clobbers protesters with a bike lock at a Berkeley rally,... View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Sign up for Email Alerts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe SFChronicle.com App e-edition The Chronicle Archives Subscription Offers Store Subscriber Services Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Communications, Inc.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Hello Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 251% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 117% 59% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 65% 56% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 50% 32% Returns as of 6/4/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 251% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 117% 59% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 65% 56% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 50% 32% Returns as of 6/4/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: 3 Value Stocks for the 2nd Quarter Looking for value stocks to add to your portfolio this quarter? We have some great suggestions. Kristine Harjes, Rich Duprey, and Brian Feroldi (TMFAnchor) May 31, 2017 at 5:02PM Value investing is one of the surest strategies for building wealth: Find companies that are being priced below their true worth in the market, buy shares, wait for sentiment to change, and reap the rewards. In addition to trading at below-average multiples, these companies often pay dividends, so you're rewarded for your patience. This quarter, follow in the footsteps of famous investors such as Benjamin Graham and Warren Buffett and scoop up shares of the best value stocks. To help identify them, we've asked three Foolish contributors to highlight their favorite value stock to buy right now. Read on to learn why Nike (NYSE:NKE), Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL), and Rush Enterprises (NASDAQ:RUSHA) are three great value stocks for the second quarter. Image source: Getty Images. This powerhouse brand is on sale Brian Feroldi (Nike): North American retail sales have been in a funk lately. Many big-box retailers have reported weak results and have decided to close down hundreds of stores. That weakness has caused investors to sell off shares of many companies that have North American retail exposure, which includes apparel giant Nike. Given the pullback, I think value investors should give this megabrand a closer look. Nike's recent results show that the company is still firmly in growth mode. Total sales rose 7% on a currency-neutral basis, thanks to strong growth in international markets. While Nike's margin took a dip, the company's bottom line soared 24% higher from the year-ago period. Those are numbers that any retailer would kill for. However, the market appears to be laser-focused on the company's futures orders. This figure declined 1% on a currency-neutral basis last quarter, which hints that future results won't be so rosy. While that may be the case for the next few quarters, I think the decline in understandable given the wave of store closings. After all, those big-box retailers have to right-size their inventory levels before they place reorders. Despite the near-term headwinds, the company's results show that Nike's brand remains as strong as ever and that its international opportunity continues to be huge. With its shares trading around 21 times next year's earnings estimates, I think it's a fine time for potential shareholders to step up to the plate. Most valuable value stock in the world Kristine Harjes (Apple): Earlier this month, Forbes named Apple the most valuable brand in the world for the seventh consecutive year. With that kind of strength, it's no wonder the company has been able to sell its smartphones for an average price of $695, giving it a mighty 92% dollar share of this market. Some analysts have been criticizing Apple for a lack of innovation, but there's no denying that Apple is a cash-flow machine. The iPhone, Apple's bread and butter, is responsible for roughly two-thirds of Apple's total revenue and raked in $33 billion last quarter alone. Despite having other well-known products such as the iPad and the MacBook, the second most important revenue driver is the services segment (think App Store), which has been seeing double-digit growth rates. I have a hard time believing the bears who say that Apple's glory days of innovation are behind it, and I'm optimistic that future revenue growth will be bolstered by any one of several innovative moonshots. Apple has an absolutely monstrous amount of cash on its balance sheet -- in fact, its $67 billion of cash and short-term investments is larger than the GDP of two-thirds of the countries in the world. Jaw not on the ground yet? Consider that $67 billion is enough for a cash purchase of a company the size of Tesla. While that comparison is just for perspective, there is a great deal of speculation about whether Apple might use all that cash to make a splashy acquisition. At the very least, it's a huge asset to have the flexibility to go out and buy growth if management spots an enticing opportunity. Looking for more proof that Apple's a buy? The company led by the world's best-known value investor, Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway, has built a massive stake in Apple, making it one of Berkshire's largest holdings. Apple is currently trading at under 16 times free cash flow, making the second quarter a great time to buy shares of what could very well be the first trillion-dollar market cap company. Trucking's Monster Jam Rich Duprey (Rush Enterprises): Texas trucker Rush Enterprises continues to be pressured by a sluggish energy sector, a choppy freight environment, an excess of tractor-trailer capacity, and low used-truck values that are hurting truck and parts sales, as well as service revenue. That all makes it a great pick for value-oriented investors. RUSHA data by YCharts The truck market has been especially hurt by oil prices that remain at less than half their peak of $107 a barrel in June 2014, though they also recovered a lot of ground from their lows. But trucking fleets expanded during the oil boom years, as tractor-trailers were in high demand to transport oil and equipment. Today, not so much. Those spasms hit heavy truck makers such as Rush hard, which led it to close numerous dealerships last year. Still, it operates the largest network of commercial vehicle dealerships in North America, and with the energy and construction sectors beginning to tick up, Rush Enterprises is looking for a better-than-expected year this year, which will help in its parts and service business that accounts for 67% of total revenue. Where it has been seeing some strength is in medium-duty trucks, particularly in the vocational area and small fleets, though they've been lower-margin ones. Because the business looks like it's coming back in a healthy manner, if not overtly robust, Rush Enterprises stock looks particularly attractive even though its stock is up 70% over the past year. Shares trade at 28 times earnings and 19 times next year's estimates, making it look fairly valued, but it also trades at a minuscule fraction of its sales and just five times the free cash flow it produces, making it exceedingly discounted. With analysts predicting Rush Enterprises can grow earnings at 18% annually for the next five years, it would the pullback its stock has experienced after hitting its 52-week high makes it a good candidate to watch this quarter.  Brian Feroldi owns shares of Apple and Nike. Kristine Harjes owns shares of Apple. Rich Duprey has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple, Berkshire Hathaway (B shares), and Nike. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Kristine Harjes, Rich Duprey, and Brian Feroldi (TMFAnchor) None Article Info May 31, 2017 at 5:02PM Consumer Goods Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $155.45 up $2.27 (1.48%) Berkshire Hathaway (A shares) NYSE:BRK-A $249,660.00 down $-340.00 (-0.14%) Berkshire Hathaway (B shares) NYSE:BRK-B $166.29 down $0.37 (-0.22%) Nike NYSE:NKE $52.98 up $0.68 (1.30%) Rush Enterprises NASDAQ:RUSHA $36.58 down $0.05 (-0.14%) Read More These 3 Stocks Just Raised Their Dividends 3 Things to Watch in the Stock Market This Week The 3 Stocks on the MFM Team's Radar This Week Better Buy: Nike Inc. vs. Under Armour Inc. There Are Still Plenty of Reasons to Love Nike Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current 3 Value Stocks for the 2nd Quarter @themotleyfool #stocks $AAPL, $BRK-A, $BRK-B, $NKE, $RUSHA
Topics Bayh-Dole Biotechnology Capitol Hill Copyright Educational Information for Inventors Federal Circuit Federal Trade Commission Guest Contributions Interviews & Conversations Patents Patent Bar Exam Patent Eligibility Patent Litigation Patent Reform Patent Trolls Pharmaceutical Software Patents Technology & Innovation Trade Secrets Trademarks Universities US Economy USPTO US Supreme Court Inventors Applying for a Patent Basic Patent Law Confidentiality Agreements Cost of Obtaining a Patent Design Patents Do It Yourself Patents Invention to Patent 101 Patent Drafting Patent Search FAQs Patent Searching 101 Provisional Patents Patent Trolls Sample Confidentiality Agreements Software Patents When Should You do a Patent Search? Worldwide Patent Rights Events Politics & People Key Political Leaders President Donald J. Trump Vice President Mike Pence Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross Senate Republicans on the Judiciary Committee House Republicans on the Judiciary IP Subcommittee Congressman Bob Goodlatte (R-VA) Senator Chris Coons (D-DE) Michelle Lee Issues Net Neutrality Patent Reform Patent Venue Reform Jobs Job Submissions Job Openings About Contact Sponsors Article Submission Topics Bayh-Dole Biotechnology Capitol Hill Copyright Educational Information for Inventors Federal Circuit Federal Trade Commission Guest Contributions Interviews & Conversations Patents Patent Bar Exam Patent Eligibility Patent Litigation Patent Reform Patent Trolls Pharmaceutical Software Patents Technology & Innovation Trade Secrets Trademarks Universities US Economy USPTO US Supreme Court Inventors Applying for a Patent Basic Patent Law Confidentiality Agreements Cost of Obtaining a Patent Design Patents Do It Yourself Patents Invention to Patent 101 Patent Drafting Patent Search FAQs Patent Searching 101 Provisional Patents Patent Trolls Sample Confidentiality Agreements Software Patents When Should You do a Patent Search? Worldwide Patent Rights Events Politics & People Key Political Leaders President Donald J. Trump Vice President Mike Pence Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross Senate Republicans on the Judiciary Committee House Republicans on the Judiciary IP Subcommittee Congressman Bob Goodlatte (R-VA) Senator Chris Coons (D-DE) Michelle Lee Issues Net Neutrality Patent Reform Patent Venue Reform Jobs Job Submissions Job Openings Topics Bayh-Dole Biotechnology Capitol Hill Copyright Educational Information for Inventors Federal Circuit Federal Trade Commission Guest Contributions Interviews & Conversations Patents Patent Bar Exam Patent Eligibility Patent Litigation Patent Reform Patent Trolls Pharmaceutical Software Patents Technology & Innovation Trade Secrets Trademarks Universities US Economy USPTO US Supreme Court Inventors Applying for a Patent Basic Patent Law Confidentiality Agreements Cost of Obtaining a Patent Design Patents Do It Yourself Patents Invention to Patent 101 Patent Drafting Patent Search FAQs Patent Searching 101 Provisional Patents Patent Trolls Sample Confidentiality Agreements Software Patents When Should You do a Patent Search? Worldwide Patent Rights Events Politics & People Key Political Leaders President Donald J. Trump Vice President Mike Pence Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross Senate Republicans on the Judiciary Committee House Republicans on the Judiciary IP Subcommittee Congressman Bob Goodlatte (R-VA) Senator Chris Coons (D-DE) Michelle Lee Issues Net Neutrality Patent Reform Patent Venue Reform Jobs Job Submissions Job Openings Subscribe to our Blog via email USPTO response to FOIA confirms there are no Rules of Judicial Conduct for PTAB Judges By Gene Quinn May 31, 2017 11 Print Article On Thursday, May 11, 2017, I submitted a Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) request to the United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO). My FOIA request sought a copy of any and all rules of judicial conduct, ethical policies and/or codes of professional or judicial conduct that apply to Administrative Patent Judges (APJs) of the Patent Trial and Appeal Board (PTAB). Earlier today I received a response from the USPTO informing me that the information I requested is indexed and publicly available at the USPTO website link: https://www.uspto.gov/patents-application-process/patent-trial-and-appeal-board/ethics-guidance The website link provided by the USPTO contains no rules of judicial conduct or codes of judicial conduct, which means that the USPTO has indirectly confirmed that there are no rules or codes of judicial conduct that apply to Administrative Patent Judges (APJs) of the Patent Trial and Appeal Board (PTAB). All that appears at the webpage provided, which the USPTO characterized as containing the information responsive to my FOIA inquiry, are general ethics rules that apply to all employees of the USPTO. None of the documents specifically mention the Board, the PTAB, judges, Administrative Patent Judges, or APJs. To call this revelation by the USPTO shocking is an understatement. 37 CFR 11.803 clearly contemplates the existence of rules of judicial conduct applicable to APJs, which obviously do not exist. According to §11.803, a practitioner commits an breach of the rules of ethics applicable to the practitioner if the practitioner becomes aware that an APJ has violated the “applicable rules of judicial conduct” and does not report such violation to the appropriate authority. How a practitioner could inform the USPTO of a breach of applicable rules of judicial conduct violated by an APJ when no such rules exist is a mystery. The lack of any judicial rules of conduct or ethical rules specifically tailored for judges on the PTAB is highly informative, and explains why it was possible for at least two PTAB judges to decide post grant challenges filed by former patent defense clients. Over the last month we have written several times (here, here, here and here) about a Patent Trial and Appeal Board (PTAB) situation that, in my opinion, symbolizes everything that is wrong with a tribunal that is out of touch with reality. Prior to being hired in March 2013 by the U.S. Department of Commerce to become an Administrative Patent Judge (APJ) on the PTAB, Matthew R. Clements represented Apple as patent infringement defense counsel while working for Ropes & Gray. Since September 2014, APJ Clements has been assigned to numerous petitions, mostly CBMs but some IPRs, filed by Apple, his former client. Clements’ record in deciding cases, perhaps predictably, is tilted overwhelmingly in Apple’s favor. Similarly, APJ Stacy Beth Margolies has served as an APJ on at least two IPRs petitioned by Apple, both of which challenge patents owned by Voip-Pal.com, a developer of Internet telecommunications technologies. According to information from PACER, Margolies represented Apple as counsel in Fast Memory Erase LLC v. Spansion Inc. et. al. (ND Tex 3:08-cv-00977)(see screenshot). It is practically unbelievable that the USPTO allows for a PTAB judge to decide petitions filed by their former patent infringement defense clients after a 1-year recusal period. See Disqualification and Recusal.  These rules absolutely must be changed. They are wholly and completely inconsistent with any sensible notion of what it means to have a conflict of interest. PTAB vs. Practitioner Ethics The rule adopted by the USPTO to deal with ethical obligations to former clients is found at 37 C.F.R. 11.109, which reads in part: “(a) A practitioner who has formerly represented a client in a matter shall not thereafter represent another person in the same or a substantially related matter in which that person’s interests are materially adverse to the interests of the former client unless the former client gives informed consent, confirmed in writing.” The comments to ABA Model Rule 1.9 are instructive, because in 2013 the USPTO adopted the ABA Model Rules to govern patent practitioners. The comments to Rule 1.9 read: “Matters are ‘substantially related’ for purposes of this Rule if they involve the same transaction or legal dispute or if there otherwise is a substantial risk that confidential factual information as would normally have been obtained in the prior representation would materially advance the client’s position in the subsequent matter.” It also says: “knowledge of specific facts gained in a prior representation that are relevant to the matter in question ordinarily will preclude such a representation.” Clearly, in defending Apple for patent infringement the attorneys would learn all kinds of confidential and sensitive information about Apple, their business and legal philosophies, how they treat patent owners, litigation strategies, whether they intend to settle or take licenses ever, whether they will engage in a war of attrition, etc. etc. There is no way that any attorney could represent a party adverse to Apple in a patent infringement matter after having represented Apple. First, Apple would never allow it. Second, there is no way you could competently represent the new client without using knowledge of confidential and sensitive information learned, period. Had either Clements or Margolies not been a member of the PTAB and one of the patent owners in the cases they were deciding had come to seek representation in a PTAB proceeding against Apple, the conflict of interest question would have been a much easier question. Having represented Apple previously as defense counsel the duty to a former client under 37 CFR 11.109 would prevent them from representing the patent owner adverse to Apple and now charging Apple with patent infringement, which is a prerequisite to the filing of a CBM petition. Had representation been accepted on behalf of a patent owner in proceedings brought by Apple there would be a direct and irreconcilable violation of the ethics rules applicable to patent attorneys and patent agents. Importantly, there is no time limit on a duty to a former client, at least if you are a patent practitioner. So the 1-year recusal period is wholly without precedent and inappropriate for PTAB judges. Thus, it seems clear that the ethical bar the USPTO sets for its own Administrative Patent Judges is lower than the ethical bar set for patent practitioners, which is pathetically sad. In what universe does it make any sense to have a lower ethical bar for judges deciding cases than for patent practitioners? PTAB vs. Ethics for Federal Judges Canon 2A of the Code of Conduct for Article III Judges, under the title “Respect for Law,” says: “A judge should respect and comply with the law and should act at all times in a manner that promotes confidence in the integrity and impartiality of the judiciary.” The commentary that goes along with Canon 2A begins by tackling the issue of an appearance of impropriety. The comment, in relevant part, reads: An appearance of impropriety occurs when reasonable minds, with knowledge of all the relevant circumstances disclosed by a reasonable inquiry, would conclude that the judge’s honesty, integrity, impartiality, temperament, or fitness to serve as a judge is impaired. Public confidence in the judiciary is eroded by irresponsible or improper conduct by judges. A judge must avoid all impropriety and appearance of impropriety. This prohibition applies to both professional and personal conduct. A judge must expect to be the subject of constant public scrutiny and accept freely and willingly restrictions that might be viewed as burdensome by the ordinary citizen. Canon 3C of the Code of Conduct for Article III Judges, under the title “Disqualification,” reads in relevant part: “A judge shall disqualify himself or herself in a proceeding in which the judge’s impartiality might reasonably be questioned…” In the situation where there is not a per se disqualification under Canon 3C, such as for personal bias, the judge served as a lawyer in the same controversy, or the judge or a family member has a financial interest, the judge may disclose the reason disqualification would seem appropriate under Canon 3C and leave it up to the parties to decide. In this situation, however, the rules are very specific. The judge may participate in the proceeding if, after that disclosure, the parties and their lawyers have an opportunity to confer outside the presence of the judge, all agree in writing or on the record that the judge should not be disqualified, and the judge is then willing to participate. The agreement should be incorporated in the record of the proceeding. Of course, a federal judge could (and perhaps should) conclude that adjudicating a matter involving a former client creates a personal bias, which creates a per se disqualification. If that is not the case, then the parties would have to be notified and given the opportunity to discuss outside the presence of the judge. If and only if all parties agree in writing can the judge continue on the case. Thus, the rules of conduct applicable to a Article III Federal Judge are dramatically more strict than the measly 1-year recusal period the USPTO places upon PTAB judges. Conclusion PTAB judge are appointed by the Secretary of Commerce, which makes them far more than mere employees of the USPTO. They should be held to a higher standard than a generic all employees ethics policy. It is also unacceptable and completely nonsensical for APJs to have less stringent conflict standards than for the attorneys appearing before them. President Trump campaigned on draining the swamp that is Washington, DC. Many on the left and the right have tried to do so in the past, so many are understandably very skeptical. If President Trump is at all serious about draining the swamp and preventing insiders from accessing influence, how can the Department of Commerce justify allowing hand-picked PTAB judges to hear and decide cases dealing with the interests of a former defense client? The post grant challenges ushered in by the America Invents Act (AIA) were intended to be an alternative to district court litigation. As we have learned over the last 4+ years, many of the procedural protections Americans are used to in federal district court do not apply at the PTAB, which can for example simply decide not to consider evidence timely submitted. But a lack of a code of judicial ethics applicable to PTAB judges is a bridge too far and simply cannot be the type of district court alternative that Congress meant to create, is it?   The Author Gene Quinn is a Patent Attorney and Editor and founder of IPWatchdog.com. Gene is also a principal lecturer in the PLI Patent Bar Review Course and an attorney with Widerman Malek. Gene’s specialty is in the area of strategic patent consulting, patent application drafting and patent prosecution. He consults with attorneys facing peculiar procedural issues at the Patent Office, advises investors and executives on patent law changes and pending litigation matters, and works with start-up businesses throughout the United States and around the world, primarily dealing with software and computer related innovations. Gene is admitted to practice law in New Hampshire, is a Registered Patent Attorney and is also admitted to practice before the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit. CLICK HERE to send Gene a message. Tags:Apple, CBM, ethics, IPR, Judge Matt Clements, Judge Stacy Margolies, judicial ethics, patent, patent office, Patent Trial and Appeal Board, patents, post grant procedures, post grant proceedings, PTAB, USPTO Posted In:Department of Commerce, Government, IP News, IPWatchdog Articles, IPWatchdog.com Articles, Patent Trial and Appeal Board, Patents, USPTO Warning & Disclaimer: The pages, articles and comments on IPWatchdog.com do not constitute legal advice, nor do they create any attorney-client relationship. The articles published express the personal opinion and views of the author and should not be attributed to the author’s employer, clients or the sponsors of IPWatchdog.com. Read more. Discuss this There are currently 11 Comments comments. Join the discussion. Name withheld to protect the innocent May 31, 2017 6:18 pm To call this revelation by the USPTO shocking is an understatement To one unfamiliar with the USPTO, this should be shocking. However, for those of us that have dealt with the government behemoth named the United States Patent & Trademark Office (USPTO) and, the Board of Patent Trials and Appeal (PTAB or “Board”) in particular, this is not surprising. Playing fast and loose with the rules/law appears to be part of the culture at the USPTO. The Board has been characterized as a group of attorneys that finds way to invalidate (hold unpatentable) patent claims. Many of them have a cavalier approach to the law and wanton misrepresentation of case law is the norm. The Board’s approach to their “precedential” decisions is very illustrative. The USPTO (and hence the Board) is not permitted to make substantive law. However, the Board has promulgated many precedential decisions that involve more than Board procedure (i.e., what should be the proper scope of the Board’s precedential decision). Recent decisions such as this include Ex parte Schulhauser (claim construction) and Ex parte Mewherter (statutory subject matter). These decisions are substantive law making, which is out-of-bounds for the USPTO. The antipathy that the Board has towards Patent Owners is well-documented. For example, the Board’s implementation of the AIA’s inter-parte reexaminations is heavily slanted against the Patent Owners. Almost all of this happened during the reign of Michelle Lee, who worked for Google for nearly 10 years and was head of the Patents and Patent Strategy. As is extremely well known in the patent circles, Google would like nothing more than to eviscerate the patent system, and Michelle Lee’s actions at the USPTO reflect that strategy. Bluejay May 31, 2017 6:26 pm I hope this fact makes it into the merits brief when Oil States is heard by SCOTUS. This is another reason why SCOTUS needs to put PTAB out of business. EG June 1, 2017 7:43 am “Thus, it seems clear that the ethical bar the USPTO sets for its own Administrative Patent Judges is lower than the ethical bar set for judges of the PTAB, which is pathetically sad.” Hey Gene, It is not only sad that APJs that sit on PTAB have no corresponding ethical canons as do Article III judges, but how, pray tell, does that comply with “due process” or the APA? Bemused June 1, 2017 8:38 am You’d like to think that APJs like Clements and Margolies – as attorneys with at least some understanding of ethical canons and as purported officers of the court – would have had the good graces and common sense (not to mention some sense of integrity) – to have recused themselves when the cases were assigned to them. WTF is wrong with these people? To paraphrase a long-ago French economist and philosopher: “When law and morality contradict each other, one has the alternative of either losing his moral sense or losing his respect for the law.” ‘Enuff said. Anon June 1, 2017 10:03 am A question that comes to mind as I read the (purposefully) all-inclusive nature of the ethics guidelines presented is whether or not any other executive branch administrative agency with “judicial” powers ALSO be constrained to only this set of ethical rules, or if any of these other other executive federal employees have additional ethical rules more in line with Article III judges. The problem may not be a “patent” problem… Todd June 1, 2017 10:13 am Can you post the judicial code ethics and how does this compare with the USPTO’s all employee standard. Let’s see a side by side table and particularly relating to conflicts of interest code. It appears the USPTO has a pretty stringent code for all employees relating to conflicts of interest. Gene Quinn June 1, 2017 10:59 am Todd- The Code of Conduct for Article III Judges is discussed here and in other articles. It is available at: http://www.uscourts.gov/judges-judgeships/code-conduct-united-states-judges There cannot be any side by side comparison as you suggest because no such code exists for PTAB judges. You are entitled to your opinion that the USPTO holds employees to a high standard, but the standard they hold all employees to pales in comparison to what is expected of practitioners and judges. That is simply not open to discussion. For the code of conduct applicable to practitioners see: https://www.gpo.gov/fdsys/pkg/FR-2013-04-03/pdf/2013-07382.pdf Mark June 1, 2017 2:49 pm As a shaereholder of Voip-Pal, I can not thank you enough for calling attention to these appauling circumstances. One can only hope that people in power, with integrity, will put an end to the blatent smothering of inventors rights!!!! Puzzled June 2, 2017 11:27 am “Thus, it seems clear that the ethical bar the USPTO sets for its own Administrative Patent Judges is lower than the ethical bar set for judges of the PTAB, which is pathetically sad.” Please explain. Are not the Administrative Patent Judges the judges of the PTAB? Gene Quinn June 2, 2017 2:04 pm Puzzled- That was supposed to say that the USPTO has a lower ethical bar for judges than they do for patent practitioners. -Gene Night Writer June 4, 2017 12:35 pm @1 very well stated. And one wonders as an attorney how Michelle Lee can represent the patent system which is her job after spending ten years working to burn it down in anyway that was legal. I think it is a clear conflict of interest for Lee to lead the USPTO after 10 years of working to weaken it. Additionally, a little bird told me that patent judges are discouraged from deciding cases where they hold stock in the companies of one of the parties. So, there must be something in writing about this. Can your FOI go to emails by the PTAB? I interviewed for a patent judge job. I got the distinct impression that I was not wanted because I was pro-patent. It felt like I was invited to talk about reining in the patent system, but instead I spoke of respecting the rule of law. I was booted out by CJ Smith. Post a Comment Respectfully add to the discussion. Cancel reply Name * Email * Website Notify me of followup comments via e-mail. You can also subscribe without commenting. Varsity Sponsors Advertise Here Post Your Event → Upcoming Events Wed 07 Free Online CLE-Best Practices in Patent Illustration June 7 @ 12:00 pm - 1:00 pm EDT Wed 14 IP Lecture Series: Dina Kallay June 14 @ 4:00 pm - 5:15 pm CDT Sun 18 IPBC Global 2017 June 18 @ 5:30 pm - June 20 @ 7:30 am EDT Ottawa, Canada Mon 19 IP Law Europe Summit June 19 @ 8:00 am - June 20 @ 8:00 pm EDT Mon 19 IIPLA 3rd Global IP Summit 2017 Europe June 19 @ 8:00 am - June 20 @ 5:00 pm EDT View More… Junior Varsity Sponsors Advertise Here Federal Circuit TC Heartland: An Alternate Opinion – Not As Bad As It Seems How patent troll rhetoric has wrecked the U.S. patent system TTAB Must Consider ‘Fame’ of Trademark Using Totality of Circumstances Halo v. Pulse: CAFC Dismisses Premature Appeal of Pending Judgment Interest Award TiVo stock pops 17 percent in trading after ITC judge issues Section 337 final initial determination against Comcast The Extraterritorial Reach of U.S. Trade Secret Law Mylan’s Preliminary Injunction Against Aurobindo Affirmed Federal Circuit Ends Ping-Pong with District Court, Affirming Summary Judgment Supreme Court Reverses Federal Circuit on Venue for Patent Infringement Suits Alice Who? Over Half the U.S. Utility Patents Issued Annually are Software Related! Intramural Sponsors Advertise Here Patent Drafting Basics Invention to Patent 101 – Everything You Need to Know to Get Started Defining the Full Glory of Your Invention in a Patent Application Patent Application Drafting: Using the Specification for more than the ordinary plain meaning Patent Strategy: Advanced Patent Claim Drafting for Inventors Patent Drafting 101: The Basics of Describing Your Invention in a Patent Application Patent Drafting for Beginners: The anatomy of a patent claim Patent Drafting for Beginners: A prelude to patent claim drafting The Inventors’ Dilemma: Drafting your own patent application when you lack funds Patent Drafting: Describing What is Unique Without Puffing 5 things inventors and startups need to know about patents Patent & Invention Basics Patentability Overview: When can an Invention be Patented? Invention to Patent 101 – Everything You Need to Know to Get Started The Benefits of a Provisional Patent Application What is a Utility Patent? Do You Need a Patent? Inventing Strategy 101: Laying the Foundation for Business Success Patent Prosecution 101: Understanding Patent Examiner Rejections Patent Drafting for Beginners: The anatomy of a patent claim The Patent Process on a Tight but Realistic Budget Patent Drafting for Beginners: A prelude to patent claim drafting Tags Apple Authors CAFC Capitol Hill Copyright copyrights David Kappos famous inventors Federal Circuit Federal Circuit Review Gene Quinn Guest Contributor independent inventor independent inventors innovation intellectual property Internet inter partes review inventor IPR patent Patentability patentability requirements patentable subject matter patent eligibility patent eligible patent infringement Patent Litigation patent office patent prosecution Patent Reform patents Patent Trial and Appeal Board patent troll Patent Trolls PTAB SCOTUS software patent software patents technology trademark trademarks US Economy USPTO US Supreme Court Archives Archives Select Month June 2017  (13) May 2017  (103) April 2017  (104) March 2017  (105) February 2017  (101) January 2017  (121) December 2016  (96) November 2016  (80) October 2016  (99) September 2016  (84) August 2016  (87) July 2016  (82) June 2016  (94) May 2016  (83) April 2016  (81) March 2016  (88) February 2016  (73) January 2016  (83) December 2015  (73) November 2015  (71) October 2015  (66) September 2015  (67) August 2015  (74) July 2015  (58) June 2015  (56) May 2015  (51) April 2015  (64) March 2015  (73) February 2015  (63) January 2015  (61) December 2014  (63) November 2014  (46) October 2014  (53) September 2014  (48) August 2014  (42) July 2014  (46) June 2014  (46) May 2014  (52) April 2014  (52) March 2014  (55) February 2014  (41) January 2014  (48) December 2013  (45) November 2013  (39) October 2013  (40) September 2013  (40) August 2013  (34) July 2013  (46) June 2013  (62) May 2013  (46) April 2013  (52) March 2013  (60) February 2013  (58) January 2013  (76) December 2012  (57) November 2012  (53) October 2012  (56) September 2012  (36) August 2012  (42) July 2012  (49) June 2012  (44) May 2012  (36) April 2012  (38) March 2012  (44) February 2012  (33) January 2012  (34) December 2011  (28) November 2011  (33) October 2011  (36) September 2011  (39) August 2011  (30) July 2011  (33) June 2011  (36) May 2011  (41) April 2011  (45) March 2011  (40) February 2011  (40) January 2011  (42) December 2010  (31) November 2010  (41) October 2010  (35) September 2010  (33) August 2010  (34) July 2010  (34) June 2010  (38) May 2010  (31) April 2010  (31) March 2010  (40) February 2010  (34) January 2010  (30) December 2009  (43) November 2009  (33) October 2009  (44) September 2009  (37) August 2009  (35) July 2009  (37) June 2009  (36) May 2009  (35) April 2009  (34) March 2009  (32) February 2009  (22) January 2009  (34) December 2008  (26) November 2008  (25) October 2008  (8) September 2008  (14) August 2008  (6) July 2008  (3) June 2008  (5) May 2008  (5) April 2008  (12) March 2008  (4) February 2008  (14) January 2008  (11) December 2007  (4) Popular Posts What happens when lifestyle drugs like Viagra and Cialis lose patent protections? Patent Office finally confirms Michelle Lee is Director of the USPTO Supreme Court says laches is no defense to patent infringement How tech’s ruling class stifles innovation with efficient infringement The coupling of § 101 and § 112, and what it means for patent practitioners Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross interviews candidates for USPTO Director Supreme Court Decides SCA Hygiene Products v. First Quality Baby Products Google open innovation powered by efficient infringement European Patent Office grants more patents to US companies than ever before Evolution of the Transistor: Shockley, Bardeen and Brattain discover foundation of modern electronics in 1947 Supreme Court hears oral arguments in Impression Products v. Lexmark International A Changing Patent Landscape: U.S. no longer the most patent friendly jurisdiction in the world Are conflicts of interest at the PTAB leading to preferential decisions for Apple? How ‘The Donald’ Does Intellectual Property Examining USPTO Business Method Patent Eligibility Examples At IPWatchdog.com our focus is on the business, policy and substance of patents and other forms of intellectual property, such as copyrights and trademarks. Today IPWatchdog is recognized as one of the leading sources for news and information in the patent and innovation industries. In January 2014 we were honored to be inducted into the ABA Blawg Hall of Fame after being recognized for 3 years as the top IP blog on the Internet. © 1999 - 2017 IPWatchdog, Inc. Terms & Conditions of Use | Privacy Policy Recent Posts TC Heartland: An Alternate Opinion – Not As Bad As It Seems Japan Patent Office Reverses Initial Refusal of ‘Gotham City’ Trademark How patent troll rhetoric has wrecked the U.S. patent system Patentability Overview: When can an Invention be Patented? Live streaming sports on social media platforms points out further issues with Obama-era net neutrality regime Subscribe to our Blog via email Connect with IPWatchdog  
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets open in 9 hrs 23 mins S&P 500 2,439.07 +9.01 (+0.37%) Dow 30 21,206.29 +62.11 (+0.29%) UBS: Apple could be worth a lot more than people think Seth Archer Business Insider May 31, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share View photos Tim CookMore (Apple) The much anticipated iPhone 8 might lead to as much as a 24% increase in Apple's stock price, according to research from UBS. Shares closed at $153.67 Tuesday, and according to UBS analyst Steven Milunovich, they could climb as high as $190. The average analyst 12-month price target for Apple's stock is $163.80, according to Bloomberg data. In a note sent out to clients on Wednesday, Milunovich wrote he expects an iPhone "supercycle" to drive higher revenues for Apple. The iPhone 8 is rumored to be more of an upgrade than the previously released iPhone 7, which could lead to more consumers upgrading when the device is released later this year. The iPhone 8 is expected to be sold at a higher price than previous versions, leading to higher revenues, according to Milunovich. His analysis is based on sales growth of 15%, at an average selling price of $730 per phone. The analyst consensus estimate for gross margin in 2018 is 38.2%, while UBS estimates it will be higher at 39-40%. UBS raised its price target to $170, with an upside of $190.  View photos aapl MI screenshotMore (Markets Insider) NOW WATCH: Yale history professor: Trump's path to tyranny is unfolding More From Business Insider These undershirts solve one of the biggest problems guys have with them 50 must-have tech accessories under $50 The CEO of a massive Christian-owned craft store had a surprising response when asked about maternity leave Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next Massive iPhone 8 Leak 'Confirms' 15 New Features Forbes Cleans Better with Fewer Sheets* CharminSponsored Here's What Happened When Apple's Steve Jobs' Widow Met With Trump After the Immigration Ban The Street Rumor claims Apple’s MacBook Air line is dead BGR News Alleged Foxconn insiders leaked details about Apple’s forthcoming devices in Reddit thread The Verge The Best Of Australia Is Now On Offer Australia.comSponsored Apple will face 4 challenges this week that could fundamentally alter its future CNBC.com In San Francisco, $160,000 gets you a storage locker Yahoo Finance CNN host calls Trump a 'piece of s---' over response to London attack Business Insider Top 8 Credit Cards If You Have Excellent Credit CompareCards.comSponsored Married couples have 81 ways to claim Social Security. Here's how to maximize your benefits CNBC Toyota-supported flying car hopes to light the Tokyo 2020 Olympic flame Reuters What to watch in the markets in the week ahead Yahoo Finance Video This Technology Will Be Bigger Than the Internet The Sovereign InvestorSponsored Gmail 'Smart Reply' feature is a reminder Google scans your email Yahoo Finance 'I sit back and wait for them to fire me': A former Googler explains the secret to success over 15 years at the company Business Insider Trump Plays Golf With Peyton Manning, Twitter Loses Its Mind Billy: Mannings a great talent and Trump's a great president so what's the problem with the people who should be minding there own business get a life Join the Conversation 1 / 5 14
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City Name Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives News tips Photo galleries Newsletters Newsstand Scores Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting VRtually There More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives News tips Photo galleries Newsletters Newsstand Scores Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting Lightpost VRtually There Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 1906 41 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Apple is next up to strut its artificial intelligence ambitions Microsoft, Google and Facebook have already laid out their plans for the tech that will push our devices into the background. Post to Facebook Apple is next up to strut its artificial intelligence ambitions Microsoft, Google and Facebook have already laid out their plans for the tech that will push our devices into the background.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: https://usat.ly/2roqn80 {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 2 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Apple is next up to strut its artificial intelligence ambitions Bob O'Donnell, Special for USA Today 10:08 a.m. ET May 31, 2017 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE Apple is reportedly working on a processor that is devoted to AI-related tasks to improve how its devices handle tasks that require human intelligence. Newslook A man takes a selfie while waiting for the start of an Apple event at the Worldwide Developer's Conference on June 13, 2016 in San Francisco, California. (Photo: Andrew Burton/Getty Images) 1906 CONNECTTWEET 41 LINKEDIN 2 COMMENTEMAILMORE FOSTER CITY, Calif. — We’re in the heart of the tech conference season, in which giant players including Microsoft, Google, Facebook and next, Apple, lay out their visions for where their company futures—as well as the tech industry as a whole—are headed. Looking at what’s been discussed to this point (and speculating on what Apple will announce at its Worldwide Developer Conference Monday), it’s safe to say that all of these organizations are keenly focused on different types of artificial intelligence, or AI. What this means is that each wants to create unique experiences that leverage both new types of computing components and software algorithms to automatically generate useful information about the world around us. In other words, they want to use real-world data in clever ways to enable cool stuff. You may hear scary-sounding terms like convolutional neural networks, machine learning, analytics, and deep learning associated with AI, but fundamentally, the concept behind all of them is to organize large amounts of data into various structures and patterns. From there, work is done to learn from the combined data, and then actions of various types—such as being able to better interpret the importance of new incoming data—can be applied. While some of these computing principles have been around for a long time, what’s fundamentally new about the modern type of AI being pursued by these companies is its extensive use of real-world data generated by sensors—such as still and moving images, audio, location, motion, etc.—and the speed at which the calculations on the data are occurring. When done properly, the net result of these computing efforts is a nearly magical experience where we can have a smarter, more informed view of the world around us. At Google’s recent I/O event, for example, the company debuted its new Lens capability for Google Assistant, which can provide information about the objects and places within your view. In practical terms, Lens allows you to point your smartphone camera at something and have information about the objects in view appear overlaid on the phone screen. Essentially, it’s a form of augmented reality that I expect we will see other major platform vendors provide soon (hint: Apple). Related: Inside Mark Zuckerberg's vision for your Facebook augmented reality Google I/O: Here are the big changes coming to Google Siri vs. Google Assistant on the iPhone: here's who's talking Microsoft to sell mixed-reality headset and controllers for $399, undercutting Oculus Behind the scenes, however, the effort to make something like Lens work involves an enormous amount of technology, including reading the live video input from the camera (a type of sensor, by the way), applying AI-enabled computer vision algorithms to both recognize the objects and their relative location, combining that with location details from the phone’s GPS and/or WiFi signals, looking up relevant information on the objects, and then combining all of that onto the phone’s display. Of course, there are thousands of other examples of potential AI-driven experiences, each of which requires different combinations of computing components and software. In fact, in this new computing era, we’re starting to see a remarkably diverse set of technologies being developed and used to enable these new activities. Here are some of the companies involved. On the chip side, for example, instead of just thinking about CPUs in the devices that are driving these experiences, we’ve seen companies like Nvidia successfully demonstrate how GPUs, which are traditionally only used for doing computer graphics, can be powerful new AI computing tools. Other GPU providers, such as AMD and chip intellectual property-licensing firm ARM have also started to introduce new offerings that are focused on artificial intelligence-based applications. Not all artificial intelligence-based applications are primarily suited for GPUs, however. Companies like Qualcomm are also starting to demonstrate how components like DSPs (digital signal processors) can be very power-efficient tools for doing AI. Not be outdone, chip powerhouse Intel now offers an entire range of different chip architectures, including dedicated AI chips from recently purchased Nervana, to FPGAs (field programmable gate arrays) and, yes, CPUs for doing different types of AI work. FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn Google I/O 2017 highlights latest innovations  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Google CEO Sundar Pichai talks about Google Lens and updates to the Google Assistant during the keynote address of the Google I/O conference on May 17, 2017, in Mountain View, Calif. Google provided the latest peek at the digital services and gadgets that it has assembled in the high-tech tussle to become an even more influential force in people's lives.  Eric Risberg, AP Fullscreen Google CEO Sundar Pichai delivers the keynote address of the Google I/O 2017 conference.  Eric Risberg, AP Fullscreen Google CEO Sundar Pichai talks about Google Lens, which lets you point your phone's camera at places and objects to get information about them.  Eric Risberg, AP Fullscreen Anil Sabharwal demonstrates updates to Google Photos during the keynote address of the Google I/O conference.  Eric Risberg, AP Fullscreen Stephanie Saad Cuthbertson talks about Google Play Protect during the keynote address.  Eric Risberg, AP Fullscreen Scott Huffman talks about the Google Assistant now being available on the Apple iPhone during the keynote address.  Eric Risberg, AP Fullscreen Attendees wait in line to enter the opening keynote address at the Google I/O 2017 Conference at the Shoreline Amphitheater on May 17, 2017, in Mountain View, Calif.  Justin Sullivan, Getty Images Fullscreen Attendees wait for the start of the opening keynote address at the Google I/O 2017 Conference.  Justin Sullivan, Getty Images Fullscreen A general view of the stage at the Google I/O 2017 conference being held at the Shoreline Amphitheatre in Mountain View, Calif., on May 17, 2017.  Laura Mandaro, USA TODAY Fullscreen For the second straight year, Google is expected to use its annual conference for software developers to push its latest hardware. Google I/O 2017, the company's developers conference starts with a keynote address at 1 p.m. ET, during which Google is likely to reveal lots of news about both its latest wave of gadgets and its software. The Googleplex is the corporate headquarters complex of Google, at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway in Mountain View, Calif.  Marco Della Cava, USA TODAY Fullscreen Updates to the next version of Google's Android software for mobile devices and its voice-controlled digital assistant are among the items expected to be on the agenda.  Matt Rourke, AP Fullscreen Google CEO Sundar Pichai spoke during last year's Google I/O 2016 at Shoreline Amphitheatre on May 19, 2016, in Mountain View, Calif. Sundar Pichai will deliver the keynote for the Google I/O 2017 conference May 17, 2017.  Justin Sullivan, Getty Images Fullscreen During the 2016 Google I/O conference Google Vice President of Product Management Mario Queiroz introduced the new Google Home. Google is expected to announce news about developments for both its latest devices and its software.  Justin Sullivan, Getty Images Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 13 2 of 13 3 of 13 4 of 13 5 of 13 6 of 13 7 of 13 8 of 13 9 of 13 10 of 13 11 of 13 12 of 13 13 of 13 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide On top of that, Google has introduced the second generation of their own TPU (Tensor Processing Unit), a chip specifically designed to speed up AI work. And Apple is  working on a Neural Engine chip specifically for doing AI on future generation iPhones and other devices, according to Bloomberg. Ironically, in the midst of all this new technology, one of the other intriguing aspects of AI-driven applications is that they’re pushing our traditional computing devices into the background. Sure, we’re still often using things like smartphones to enable some of these experiences, but the ultimate goal of these advanced AI computing architectures is to make our technology become invisible. Voice-based computing and digital assistants are a step in this direction, but we’ll eventually see (hopefully!) small, discrete head-mounted displays and other new methods of interacting with a computing-enhanced and more contextually aware view of the real-world around us. Though some have voiced concerns about the rapid encroachment of computer-driven artificial intelligence, it’s actually leading us to a very different type of computing future that promises to be less intrusive and more useful than what we’re currently experiencing. And that’s something to be excited about. USA TODAY columnist Bob O'Donnell is the president and chief analyst of TECHnalysis Research, a market research and consulting firm that provides strategic consulting and market research services to the technology industry and professional financial community. His clients are major technology firms including Microsoft, HP, Dell, and Qualcomm. You can follow him on Twitter @bobodtech. 1906 CONNECTTWEET 41 LINKEDIN 2 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: https://usat.ly/2roqn80
Subscribe ▲ Learn more about Macworld's Digital Edition    🔎 Home News Reviews How-To Video Macs iPhone/iPad OS X iOS Apps Accessories Business Entertainment Subscribe Resources Macs MacBooks Mac Desktops iPhones Blogs iPads Accessories Apps Audio Business Cameras Components Development Software Displays E-readers Home Theater iOS iPhone Accessories iPad Accessories iPods OS X Printers Networking Productivity Software Smartwatches Storage Styluses Home Home Tech News Report: Apple's screen-less Siri Speaker is now in production and could debut at WWDC New report claims Apple has started manufacturing its Amazon Echo/Google Home rival to include virtual surround sound but no screen. Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. By Oscar Raymundo Staff Writer, Macworld | May 31, 2017 2:46 PM PT More like this WWDC wish list: What we’d like from the Siri Speaker Apple could finally launch a Siri speaker at WWDC Home is where the HomeKit wants to be Video WWDC 2017: Our Top 3 Predictions By the end of the year, Apple will have a Siri Speaker to compete against Amazon Echo and Google Home. According to a new report from Bloomberg, Apple has started overseas production of its Siri-enabled smart speaker. Apple could unveil this highly-anticipated Siri Speaker onstage during the WWDC keynote taking place on Monday, June 5, but the all-new device won’t be ready to ship until later this year. The Siri Speaker has been designed to compete against the Amazon Echo and Google Home. To differentiate itself from those other products, the Apple smart speaker will boast virtual surround sound and will be more seamlessly integrated with Apple products and services, like Apple Music. In addition, the Siri Speaker will give Apple users a new hub for controlling HomeKit-enabled devices around their home. [ Further reading: The best home water leak detectors ] Bloomberg also revealed that Apple won’t integrate a screen in its first iteration of the Siri Speaker. Earlier this month, Apple’s senior V.P. of Marketing Phil Schiller said that he wasn’t a fan of Amazon Echo or Google Home because they lacked screens. Days later, Amazon introduced Echo Show, a version of its flagship smart speaker with a touchscreen. The Siri Speaker is being produced by Inventec, the Taipei-based manufacturer already responsible for making the wireless AirPods. According to Bloomberg, the Siri Speaker has been in development for a long time, reaching the advanced prototype stage late last year. For several months now, Apple employees have been secretly testing the device in their own homes. Why this matters: Apple is banking on a smart speaker with superior sound quality and deeper ties to the Apple ecosystem. Those two features seem certain, given the Beats ownership and the new W1 chip that can pair devices seamlessly. In addition, the Siri Speaker could include sensors to measure indoor acoustics and automatically adjust audio levels.  But will that be enough to make the Siri Speaker a must-have? Amazon is already ahead in bringing third-party apps to its Alexa-powered Echo devices, even Apple services like iCloud calendar are being brought to the fold. Meanwhile, Google has recently made its AI assistant available on iOS, pointing out some serious Siri fails. And HomeKit devices can already be operated using an iPhone, iPad, or Apple TV.  To comment on this article and other Macworld content, visit our Facebook page or our Twitter feed. Related: Home Tech Connected Home Internet of Things Hardware Speakers WWDC Siri Oscar Raymundo is a staff writer covering iOS and the host of 'The iPhone Show.' Follow You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon Macworld Macworld is your best source for all things Apple. We give you the scoop on what's new, what's best and how to make the most out of the products you love. About Us Contact Us Mac OS X Hints Ad Choices Digital Magazines Newsletters Privacy Policy RSS Terms of Service Agreement E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Macworld CATEGORIES Business Creative Entertainment iOS Apps Mac Apps MacCentral iPhone/iPad OS X Podcasts Video IDG Network Sites Advertise Careers at IDG Creative Lab IDG IDG Consumer & SMB Knowledge Hub Macworld|iWorld PCWorld TechHive Permissions Try Macworld Risk-Free Subscribe Now Follow us    Visit other IDG sites: Select One CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDG Connect IDG TechNetwork IDG.tv InfoWorld IT News ITworld JavaWorld Network World PC World TechHive The Industry Standard Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc.
Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions Investing Ideas Picks and Pans Mutual Funds/ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Barron's Take Advisor Center Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Penta Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Next sign out Customer Center Newsletters & Alerts What are you searching for? Search Join NowAll Sections Sign InSearch Home Magazine Investing Ideas Advisor Center Market Data Penta Next VIEW ALL SEARCH RESULTS Have feedback on the new design? Reach out to online.editors@barrons.com This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies for distribution to your colleagues, clients or customers visit http://www.djreprints.com. http://www.barrons.com/articles/analog-devices-ceo-we-are-much-more-than-just-an-apple-supplier-1496265354 Tech Trader Daily Analog Devices CEO: We Are Much More Than Just an Apple Supplier Vincent Roche, the chief of analog chip giant Analog Devices, tells Tech Trader Daily his company is a lot more important than just its role in Apple products; it also has a leading role in hundreds of applications, including many at the forefront of innovation, such as self-driving cars. By Tiernan Ray May 31, 2017 5:15 p.m. ET Text Size Regular Medium Large Shares of analog chip giant Analog Devices (ADI) today closed up 96 cents, or 1%, at $85.72, hanging onto a little bit of what started as a 7% gains in the morning, following a report of better-than-expected fiscal Q2 profit, and an outlook for this quarter comfortably ahead of consensus. Chief executive Vincent Roche was kind enough to take a few minutes to talk with me by phone, to set the record straight about his company. While he was not at odds with the general direction that I gave in that earlier post, he had an important point to make about Apple (AAPL), a prominent customer. And it’s a point that may address some of the concerns that Wall Street analysts had on the company’s conference call at 10 am. The “consumer” business at ADI, which includes parts that go into smartphones, including, Apple’s iPhone, is expected to be "sub-seasonal” this quarter, prompting another round of speculation the company is losing some share at Apple. This focus on Apple is a bit much, Roche implied in his remarks to me. “You wrote that we are a key supplier to Apple, and that is true,” Roche told me. “But we are much more, we are much greater than the sum of the parts." “We are largely a B2B [business to business] company, and we focus our substantial engineering engineering talent on mission-critical applications in areas such as automation control, healthcare, the most advanced automotive systems, including electrification of the powertrain, increased driver safety, and so on." Continued Roche, "Every packet of data that’s sent wirelessly around the globe passes through ADI chips." “Our story is one of a powerhouse analog company, with tremendous diversity, that’s been kind of living in the background, but supplying many technologies for every conceivable application, and we playing at the high end of that." Point taken. As for the consumer division, Roche reiterated what he said on the call: “That’s just based upon the facts as we know them; we said specifically our third quarter won’t be as strong as it was seasonally, and that’s just based on demand at this point in time." Among other things that Roche emphasized are that the company is built on three “pillars,” as he puts it. ADI has “the best analog innovation”; a greater “diversity of the business,” with “tens of thousands of products, and tens of thousands of customers, and hundreds of applications”; and a great degree of "quality and responsiveness” across all that. Why is ADI better in analog than, say, Texas Instruments (TXN)? “Number one is breadth of innovation,” he says. “The two big areas of analog are signal processing, which we’ve been doing for 52 years, and Hittite [Microwave, acquired in 2014] for 32 years with microwave, and Linear [Technology, acquired last quarter] on the power management side." “There’s nobody with the depth of talent and experience and insight we have in the applications domain,” he went on. "We’ve got more breadth” than TI and others, he said, "more breadth overall, and a more intense focus on being first to market." I asked Roche why there’s been so much consolidation in the industry. “It’s a very good question,” he replied. One reason, he said, is that "there has been a cheap debt structure for many many years, and as the industry in semiconductors has found it harder to grow, people have turned to leveraging their balance sheets to add value." "Companies been able to leverage cheap debt to create value rather than innovate.” In contrast, he said, Analog’s "primary reason" for buying, as in the case of Linear, “is to react, or to get ahead of, what you think customers’s needs are going to be in future." I asked Roche whether it’s fair for people to be skeptical about things that have lots of buzz, such as self-driving cars, or robotics, both areas where Analog is playing an increasing role. “It’s a terrific observation,” Roche said of the skepticism. Then he added, "One thing I’ve learned through the years is that legacy always  lasts longer than you think, and the future never arrives as fast as we think." With autonomous driving in particular, says Roche, “there are local technology problems, local being the car. We are making enormous strides in making it electric, and safer, and more prescient, but we have to solve some enormous systemic problems." Such as? “We’ve got to build infrastructure, we’ve got to adjust regulation, e’ve got to have smarter machines, before the car becomes fully autonomous." Roche thinks society is "underestimating the power of legacy,” and the  speed at which things move. “We might be 15 years to two decades away” from true autonomous driving, he says. “We are making interim steps,” he says, “putting in place the building blocks like Lidar and Radar,” both of which are areas his company supplies with parts. How does Roche see his company in comparison to other chip firms that get all the attention in autonomous driving, such as Nvidia (NVDA)? "I think there are some very important problems to be solved through use of A.I. [artificial intelligence] and machine learning,” he concedes. “But I think of it this way: those functions I view as the cerebellum of the IT world. But what does ADI build? The nervous system. We help you see, feel, hear, smell, touch." "To make that brain function properly, you need good data, very good signals, very good representations of the real world." "We are doing the optimization of the real world before the A.I. engine even gets to operate. The analog world sets the performance envelope for the world of digital; our job is to get the right data to represent the digital world." I also asked Roche what he sees as the future of “actuators,” which are sort-of the inverse to the many sensors that Analog makes. He waxed eloquent on the topic: We think about sensing as the source of the data, but you know that when you go from sensing to processing, you’ve got useful information that leads to an action. We build a lot of microwave systems — for example, these new digital radar systems replacing those old analog systems — that are both a sensing and an actuation problem. We talk always about sensing, but part of the sensing is actuation, and every system that is a sensor has to have a part that’s an actuator. You have to have a way to do something useful with the data, as it  goes back into the analog world as an action through a transducer. There are many examples of that in cars. In industrial systems, every sensor input requires an action, whether it’s in a factory robot, or in a process control environment.  Text Size Regular Medium Large automotive chips earnings iPhone mobile semiconductor sensors smartphone wireless Global PREVIOUS Palo Alto Surges 12% as FYQ3 Easily Beats, Q4 View Higher NEXT Box CEO Levie: A.I. Will Create Commensurate Job Growth to Those it Replaces Most Popular The Surprising Threat to the American Economy 6 Dividend Stocks That Hedge Against Inflation The Winners: Alphabet, Apple, and Amazon.com AI Opens New Doors for Chip Makers, Investors Join NowSign In Customer Center Membership Tools Also From Barron's Customer CenterCustomer CenterContact UsLive Help MembershipSubscribe to Barron'sActivate Your Digital AccessCollege Program ToolsEmail NewslettersVideo CenterWatchlist Also From Barron'sAdvertisingConferencesReprints Follow Us Download Barron’s Apps Apple iOSAndroid Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Your Ad Choices Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. Distribution and use of this material are governed by our Subscriber Agreement and by copyright law. For non-personal use or to order multiple copies, please contact Dow Jones Reprints at 1-800-843-0008 or visit www.djreprints.com.
Skip to main content Menu Order MacBook Pro | iPhone 7 | Mac Pro | Shop: Cheap Wireless Plans Forums Skip to navigation Skip to content iMore Rumors Analysis How To The Best Reviews Deals Newsletter Forums Ask a Question New Posts Trending Discussions iPhone 7 iPhone 7 Plus iPhone 6s iPhone 6s Plus MacBook Pro Apple Watch Series 2 iOS 10 macOS Sierra iPad Pro (12.9-inch) iPad Pro (9.7-inch) Apps & Games Shop HOT ACCESSORY DEAL$ Digital Offers Best sellers New releases Cases and covers Chargers and cables Battery packs Screen Protectors Toggle Search Vector If — big if — Apple wants to show off ARKit at WWDC 2017, here's how they could do it! By Rene Ritchie Wednesday, May 31, 2017 at 12:30 pm EDT 5 Comments Come Monday, the WWDC 2017 Keynote will be set in stone. Now, though, I can speculate about anything — including the potential for an augmented reality framework. "And to show it off, I'd like to welcome onto the stage John Hanke, CEO of Niantic." "Thanks, Craig. Hello, everyone! Now, remember what it used to look like when you were playing Pokémon Go and you caught a Tyranitar in AR mode? Well, with Apple's new augmented reality framework, ARKit, now it looks like THIS!" No one outside a very small group of people at Apple know for certain what we'll see at the WWDC 2017 keynote taking place this coming Monday. Even then, plans can and do change up until the last possible moment. So why speculate now? Because it's the best possible time. Come Monday afternoon, the myriad lines of dream and expectation will have been canceled out into a few hard facts. Everything will be known. Until then, though, I get to wonder out loud about anything and everything — including augmented reality (AR). Many of the other tech giants already have AR technology in the field. Google had Glass and Android has a variety of headgear and built-in apps. Microsoft has HoloLens. HTC has Vive. Snapchat has Snapticles — er, Spectacles. Facebook has Oculus and is rolling out more. And the list goes on. Apple, as usual, has been quiet about future plans and projects. But not completely quiet. AR is big Apple's CEO, Tim Cook, has been more willing to discuss AR than any other special project currently underway at Apple. Talking to The Independant on February 10, 2017: I'm excited about Augmented Reality because unlike Virtual Reality which closes the world out, AR allows individuals to be present in the world but hopefully allows an improvement on what's happening presently. Most people don't want to lock themselves out from the world for a long period of time and today you can't do that because you get sick from it. With AR you can, not be engrossed in something, but have it be a part of your world, of your conversation. That has resonance. I regard it as a big idea like the smartphone. The smartphone is for everyone, we don't have to think the iPhone is about a certain demographic, or country or vertical market: it's for everyone. I think AR is that big, it's huge. I get excited because of the things that could be done that could improve a lot of lives. And be entertaining. I view AR like I view the silicon here in my iPhone, it's not a product per se, it's a core technology. But there are things to discover before that technology is good enough for the mainstream. I do think there can be a lot of things that really help people out in daily life, real-life things, that's why I get so excited about it. On October 13, 2016, while speaking to BuzzFeed: "There's no substitute for human contact," Cook told BuzzFeed News. "And so you want the technology to encourage that." It's not the first time Cook has indicated that Apple might favor AR. "We are high on AR for the long run," Cook said during an earnings call this past summer. "I think AR can be huge." "VR has some interesting applications, but I don't think it's a broad-based technology like AR," Cook explained. "Augmented reality will take some time to get right, but I do think that it's profound. We might … have a more productive conversation, if both of us have an AR experience standing here, right? And so I think that things like these are better when they're incorporated without becoming a barrier to our talking. … You want the technology to amplify it, not to be a barrier." During Apple's Q2 2016 conference call on July 26, 2016: In terms of AR and the Pokémon phenomenon, it's incredible what has happened there. I think it's a testament to what happens with innovative apps and the whole ecosystem and the power of a developer being able to press a button, so to speak, and offer their product around the world. This certain developer has elected not to go worldwide yet, because of the pressure on their servers, etc. because of the demand, but I'm sure that they will over time. It also does show, as you point out, that AR can be really great and we're— we have been and continue to invest a lot in this. We are high on AR for the long run. We think there's great things for customers and a great commercial opportunity. So we're investing, and the number one thing is to make sure our products work well with other developers kind of products like Pokémon. And that's the reason you see so many iPhones out in the wild right now chasing Pokémon. You know, I know there's people that want to call it a new computer platform, and we'll see. I think there's a tendency to call everything new the next computer platform, however, that said, I think AR can be huge. So, we'll see whether it's the next platform. Regardless, it will be huge. Bits before atoms There have also been rumors of iPhone 8 being AR-capable and even of Apple making its own AR glasses. But those are products and if there's on thing we've seen with Apple, it's that products are made great not just through gorgeous atoms but through highly integrated bits. So if Apple is working on AR, the company is no doubt also working on "ARKit", or whatever the name will be for the frameworks that drive it and the apps that will, eventually, bring it to life. The way SpriteKit addresses 2D objects and SceneKit, 3D. That's the way WWDC works, after all. Sometimes, before we ever see hardware, we see frameworks. Look no further than size classes, released at WWDC 2015, just a few short months before iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus. Apple doesn't have to show off AR hardware at WWDC. Not if they have some killer software ready to show. How could Apple demonstrate AR frameworks without demonstrating AR gear, though? Through existing gear and AR apps. Tim Cook has name-dropped Pokémon Go a couple of times over the last year. Sundar Pichai as recently as last month's Google I/O credited that game, rather than his own company's Glass, as starting them down the path of AR. Not the Pokémon point It doesn't have to be Pokémon Go specifically, of course. Maybe it's some similar game based on Harry Potter's Fantastic Beasts or another compatible franchise. It just has to be a great demo on stage. John Hanke, or someone like him, just has to get up and talk about how ARKit (or whatever it's called) allows Pikachu (or some other character) to better and more easily track motion and integrate with real-world environments than anything that's come before. If the company simultaneously announces the new Gym system or, even better, a brief window of player vs. player exclusivity on iOS, then the sizzle is so hot people won't even pay attention to the steak. And Apple gets AR bits going without having to reveal a single atom before its time. That's a really bad example, of course, because Pokémon Go uses Unity and so likely couldn't adopt Apple-specific technologies (regardless of how much better it would make the experience); so much of its player-base is on Android, even a brief window of exclusivity likely wouldn't go over well. But I picked on Pokémon Go because I'm still sore Ninatic took the stage at WWDC 2016, showed off a Snorlax, and yet didn't make one spawn for all the grizzled reporters and seasoned analysts who'd suddenly grasped for their phones, eyes lit up in anticipation. And, of course, Niantic was on stage at the iPhone 7 event in Sepetmber as well, showing off the Pokémon Go app for Apple Watch. Again, it could be any game that demos great. That is, if AR is a game Apple wants to get into this summer. iPhone 7 iPhone 8 Roundup iPhone 7 Review iPhone 7 Buyers Guide iPhone 7 Users Guide iPhone 7 News Hub iPhone 7 Discussion Pokemon Go Pokémon Go Ultimate Guide Pokémon Go tips and tricks Pokémon Go cheats Where to find rare Pokémon How to catch rare Pokémon How to hatch Pokémon Eggs faster Best Pokémon to evolve and power up Best Pokémon movesets Fix Pokémon Go problems Pokemon Go help and discussion forum Reader comments If — big if — Apple wants to show off ARKit at WWDC 2017, here's how they could do it! 5 Comments View All Comments Log In to Comment Register Sort by Date Sort by Rating gpdawson My biggest problem with AR is that current generation device compasses (magnetometers) are prone to jumping and jitter. Whilst the use of gyroscopes (by combining it with the magnetometer data) has helped this to some degree, by smoothing out the short-term changes, never-the-less the heading accuracy reported by iOS (and Android devices) from their sensors is typically at best only within a few degrees (i.e. when recently calibrated and not subject to external magnetic influences), but more typically can have errors of 10 degrees or more. This may be of little consequence for certain AR applications such as games, but is a substantial issue for AR applications that require high directional precision, such as apps like "Sun Seeker" that show the solar path in AR view. In fact I would go so far as to say that this issue is the single biggest "pain" point of users of AR apps. I personally would be delighted to see more accurate sensors becoming available to phone manufacturers, although I'm not aware of anything new along these lines at this point. Any chance Apple might have a big new reveal along these lines? :-) 0 4 days ago Reply PoisonMaps Good point on the sensors. And the Apple Watch is even worse with no compass at all (and little prospect of it with magnetic bands in close proximity). If they do provide some sort of ARKit then hopefully it will include some sort of image recognition functionality. Face detection has been around for years and the Photos app can now recognise lots of objects, so real-time identification of what the camera is looking at is getting more and more possible. Especially with Apple's rumoured new AI chip. This could help to overcome some of the compass inaccuracy. For example if you wanted to overlay a sign on a road then the compass would tell you roughly where the road is and then the software could detect it exactly on the screen. It could then track the road object regardless of how the camera moves (just as cameras have done with faces for years), and the app could then superimpose whatever it wants on top of the road (in this case a sign). This is probably very optimistic for this year, but I imagine that it is on Apple's radar for the future. 0 3 days ago Reply Valan Chan Apple has spent a lot of effort in image recognition for Photos. So AR could use some sort of image recognition. The recognition of straight lines and their relationship would also help. The need to move the device vertically would help. Kinda like a bird of prey gauging distance. Actually there has been plenty of studies into the use of vision in nature that may help. For instance a fly has very crude vision but this helps with movement - a pixelated image changes dramatically with a small change in movement. If it is announced it will probably be a Beta or 'hobby', but still very exciting. 0 3 days ago Reply Fred Stein With image recognition, the iPhone can see and tell me about it sees such as art, buildings, people, products, etc. It can help blind people, translate signage. The iPhone can add pop-ups in the screen or voice overs. More capabilities may come out next year though, after Lattice is integrated. June 5, we should see something from the Metaio acquisition, May 2015. 0 3 days ago Reply Valan Chan Other aspects are small things like telling people if an object is in the way or whether a door says 'Push' or 'Pull', the number of steps leading to a door or if there are barriers separating escalators from stairways. It seems this aspect of AR may be of more use, and more widely used than any other. 0 2 days ago Reply Menu Log in or Sign up Search Apple Apps & Games Accessories & Toys Photo & Video Health & Fitness Movies & Music Transport Security Rumors Analysis How To The Best Reviews Deals Newsletter Forums Podcasts Android Central WindowsCentral iMore CrackBerry Connectedly TeslaCentral VRHeads MrMobile Modern Dad About Contact Us Jobs Privacy & Terms Mobile Nations 500M Consumers Reached Yearly Copyright 2017 Mobile Nations Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Careers: Writer | Dev Licensing External Links Disclosure Advertising Partner
Navigation Menu Social Media News Social Media News Social Media Help Facebook Help Twitter Help Google+ Help LinkedIn Help Instagram Help Pinterest Help Youtube Help Technology Technology News Tech Tips Apps & Software Gadgets Tablets Apple Kindle Samsung Internet Search Engine News Web Bing Google Yahoo Business Advertising Blogging Development Start Ups Mobile Android Blackberry iPhone Reviews Windows Phone Infographics Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Subscribe To Rss Feed Follow Us On Google+ Home » Apple Siri Speaker To Take On Google And Amazon Apple Siri Speaker To Take On Google And Amazon Home » Apple » Apple Siri Speaker To Take On Google And Amazon Posted By Jane Danes on May 31, 2017 | 0 comments Share the joy                 Source: https://cdn.macrumors.com/article-new/2017/05/siri-smart-speaker.jpg Apple is reportedly manufacturing Siri-controlled speaker. It could debut in June during the annual developer conference. Despite that, it won’t be ready to ship. This speaker will have a virtual surround sound technology. It’s also integrated with the product lineup of the company. When it launches, it serves several purposes. But the main thing is to provide a connection to automate appliances and lights through the HomeKit system. It can also lock customers tightly to Apple’s ecosystem. With those things in mind, it could compete effectively with the connected speakers of Google and Amazon. Currently, the Home and Echo aren’t compatible with Apple services. But without compatibility, users are more likely to choose Echo or Home and use other streaming services than Apple Music. As iPhone sales slowed down, Tim Cook focused on the company’s services businesses. He states that the service revenue might double three years from now. With the Siri-controlled speaker, it may help in keeping their customers to be loyal to the service products. For months now, Apple employees are testing the device in their homes. Late last year, the speaker has reached an advanced prototype stage. The annual developer’s conference this year will introduce new hardware. It’ll be the first since 2013. The company might also announce its updated tablets. The last updated iPad Pro was seen in March 2016. It also hasn’t refreshed its 12.9-inch model since 2015. During the conference, the company will introduce latest versions of its MacBook and Pro. These versions will use faster Intel processors. Virtual Surround Sound Apple will add a more advanced sound technology to give its speaker an edge over its competitors. It’ll be louder, and the sound is crisper than its rivals. It may also include sensors that can measure the acoustics of the room and adjust the sound level automatically. The company may also allow third-party companies to build products for it. Uber and Facebook are the first two companies that developed products for Siri enabling users to request a ride or send a WhatsApp message using a voice command. With this speaker, users can control its devices, such as windows blinds and door locks, through HomeKit automation system. Currently, iPad is needed to control them when users are outside their home. But Google and Amazon are already upgrading their speakers ahead of Apple’s launch. Google Home offers support so users can make voice calls. Amazon’s speaker, on the other hand, has a touchscreen. But Siri-controlled speaker won’t have this type of screen, unfortunately. It’s not the first time that Apple offered its customers speakers with excellent sound quality. In 2006, it introduced iPod Hi-Fi. However, the company discontinued it because of its high price and huge size. With this new speaker, Apple may do better. Apple’s WWDC keynote will happen this Monday. Every person who loves Apple products would like to know what the company has in store for its loyal users. Will it introduce its long-rumored speaker or it could be something else? Share the joy                 Share this: Reddit Email Facebook Skype Twitter Tumblr Google LinkedIn More Pinterest Author: Jane Danes Jane has a lifelong passion for writing. As a blogger, she loves writing breaking technology news and top headlines about gadgets, content marketing and online entrepreneurship and all things about social media. She also has a slight addiction to pizza and coffee. Share This Post On Google Facebook Twitter Search SocialBarrel.com Search for: Subscribe! Our Sponsor Create your online store with WixStores! Our Sponsor Recent From Social Media News Facebook Instant Articles Is Now Compatible With Apple News and Google AMP Jun 4, 2017 Reddit users will now be able to add location to any mobile post Jun 1, 2017 Twitter rolls out filters to help keep strangers off your DM May 31, 2017 Essential Phone is official and brought by the Android creator May 30, 2017 Snapchat now requires you to activate location services when using basic features May 29, 2017 Advertisement Home About us Our Team Privacy Contact Write for us Advertise With Us! A Venture Geeks project Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
CNET Reviews Best Products Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Monitors Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Software Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Forums News Apple Computers Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte CNET Top 5 How To Googlicious Smart Home Tech Today News Next Big Thing Special Features CNET Podcasts Laptops Phones Tablets TVs How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Best smart home devices How To News Tour our smart apartment Tour our smart house Product Compatibility Amazon Alexa Apple HomeKit Belkin WeMo Google Home Lutron Nest Philips Hue Samsung SmartThings Wink Cars Best Cars News Reviews Recalls Pictures AutoComplete Carfection Cooley On Cars Concept Cars Electric Cars How to buy the best Coupe Crossover Electric Vehicle Family Car Hybrid Minivan Sedan Truck Games Download Search Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET Signed in as My Profile My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español Roundup Here's everything we know about Apple's rumored Siri speaker We're counting down the days to WWDC. Will Apple announce an Amazon Echo rival? Tyler Lizenby/CNET Smart Home by Megan Wollerton 30 May 2017 11:41 pm BST @meganwollerton Top 5 features a Siri-powered speaker needs Apple is reportedly working on an Amazon Echo competitor. Here's what it would need to be a success. by Iyaz Akhtar 2:09 Close Drag Autoplay: ON Autoplay: OFF Apple holds its annual Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) confab on Monday, June 5. Will the company use the stage to show off its rumored rival to the Amazon Echo and Google Home? For Apple, a smart speaker would be a long time coming. Its smart home platform, HomeKit, was announced at WWDC 2014 -- months before the surprise unveiling of the first Amazon Echo. Three years later, we're still waiting for Apple to introduce a voice-control speaker that isn't tied to its mobile software iOS. Related stories Apple exec mocks Google Home and Amazon Echo Apple's Siri speaker could debut at WWDC Apple's Echo rival could see you with built-in camera Apple building Amazon Echo competitor, says report Voice-control speakers like the Amazon Echo and the Google Home have gone a long way to help unify our connected devices. Not only is voice control an easy entry point to device control for most family members, standalone speakers also help bring the functionality to the center of the home in a way that Apple's iOS-based HomeKit has not yet managed to do. You can ask Amazon's Alexa to set a 15-minute kitchen timer, to remind you to give your dog his heart worm pill -- and even to adjust the thermostat. You can use Google's Home to follow along with a recipe or to turn on your favorite Netflix show (with help from Chromecast). Apple's HomeKit can do a lot of the same things through its iOS 10 Home app and Siri, but input is limited to mobile devices, including the Apple Watch. (As of last year's MacOS Sierra update, Siri is on the Mac, too -- but it's far more limited.) Adding a standalone speaker to compete with Amazon and Google could go a long way to making Apple more competitive in the smart home space. If anything, the delay has helped fuel speculation about Apple's plans. Here's an overview of all of the rumors we've heard in the months leading up to WWDC 2017. (Note that Apple did not immediately respond to our request for comment.) 15 Look inside this $1 million Apple smart home Is it really happening? May 31, 2017: Apple has begun production on a smart speaker, according to a Bloomberg report published Wednesday. The article cites "people familiar with the matter," who said the device could be unveiled as early WWDC, but that it won't be available to customers until later this year. The Amazon Echo and Google Home rival will supposedly have surround sound and work with Apple HomeKit products.  An integrated touchscreen? May 6, 2017: Apple SVP of worldwide marketing Phil Schiller suggested he wasn't impressed with the Amazon or Google speakers in an interview with India's Gadgets 360. "Well, I won't talk to either one specifically, [I] don't want to. My mother used to have a saying that if you don't have something nice to say, say nothing at all," Schiller said. He went on to address the importance of interacting with a screen. "There's many moments where a voice assistant is really beneficial," he said, "but that doesn't mean you'd never want a screen. So the idea of not having a screen, I don't think suits many situations." Amazon unveiled the $230 Echo Show on May 9, a touchscreen-equipped Alexa device that you can use for video calls or to view live security camera feeds. Google's Home speaker doesn't come with an integrated touchscreen. I personally don't like the idea of having a screen sitting on my coffee table or kitchen counter 24/7. I imagine the next step will be a Alexa-enabled control panel you'd hardwire like the Wink Relay or the Lucis NuBryte Touchpoint. Apple's speaker likely to debut at WWDC May 1, 2017: Apple analyst Ming-Chi Kuo said, "We believe there is an over 50 [percent] chance that Apple will announce its first home AI product at WWDC in June," in a MacRumors report. The story also claimed Apple's speaker will cost more than the Amazon Echo and work with AirPlay. If that price point is correct, Apple's speaker could cost more than any of the models sold today. Here's an overview of the current smart speaker lineup: Amazon Echo Show: $230 (available for preorder) Enlarge Image The $50 Amazon Echo Dot is the most affordable voice assistant available today. James Martin/CNET Amazon Echo Look: $200 (available by invitation) Amazon Echo: $180 Amazon Echo Dot: $50 Amazon Tap: $130 Google Home: $130 Read CNET's post on this news. A built-in camera? May 27, 2016: CNET reported that Apple's smart speaker might have an integrated camera. According to sources familiar with Apple's plans, the product would be able to recognize who's in a room via facial detection tech. Imagine walking near the device, having it recognize you and then automatically adjust the lights -- or the music to suit your preferences. Amazon introduced its camera-equipped $200 Echo Look back in April. Rather than being marketed as a security camera, the Echo Look is supposed to act as your very own style consultant. Google's Home doesn't currently have an integrated camera. The beginning May 24, 2016: Talk of a standalone Apple speaker, powered by Siri, was first reported by The Information. The story claims Apple had been discussing a developer-friendly version of Siri for years, before deciding to go ahead with the device. In addition, The Information reported that Apple's upcoming Echo and Home competitor would have a speaker and a microphone that you could use to play music, listen to news headlines -- and even control HomeKit-enabled devices. Read CNET's post on this news. Want to know more about Apple's WWDC 2017 event? Follow along with our coverage, starting June 5. Share your voice 0 comments Tags WWDC 2017 CNET Smart Home Smart Home Nest Alexa Amazon Google Siri Apple HomeKit WWDC 2017 All the latest coverage from Apple's annual developer conference. Jun 4 Apple WWDC 2017: How to watch and what to expect Jun 3 How iOS 11 could change the iPhone Jun 3 Our 9 favorite Apple ad campaigns, ranked Jun 2 Hey Apple, can you top Google and Facebook at AR and AI? All WWDC 2017 Stories More stories High tech on the high seas: Carnival cruises' smart makeover 30 Google Home services for a better home with more pizza Google Home smart speaker coming to Canada within weeks Best Smart Home Devices of 2017 Close   Discuss: Here's everything we know about Apple's rumored... Conversation powered by Livefyre Next Article: Hey Apple, can you top Google and Facebook at AR and AI? CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. Follow The Sun Your Sun Sign in Editions Scottish Sun Irish Sun Sun Bets Sun Bingo Dream Team The Sun The Scottish Sun The Irish Sun Dream Team Sun Bets Fabulous Sun Favourite Sun Bingo Sun Gifts £9.50 Hols Superdays News Corp WSJ.com New York Post The Australian News.com.au Storyful Harper Collins Realtor.com Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Commissioning Terms Help Hub Topic A-Z Sell Your Story The Sun, A News UK Company TOP London Set your weather Now 0°C 9pm 0°C Sign in UK Edition Scottish Sun Irish Sun Sun Bets Sun Bingo Dream Team Search Home Election 2017 Football Sport TV & Showbiz News Living Money Motors Travel Tech Sun Bets Sun Bingo All TV & Showbiz All TV & Showbiz Bizarre TV Celebrity Popcorn Music TV Magazine SHAVEN NOT STIRRED Sean Connery, 86, spotted on rare occasion as he takes a stroll after leaving a barber shop in New York The first ever James Bond is seen enjoying the sunshine in the Big Apple By Joanne Kavanagh 31st May 2017, 10:01 pm Updated: 31st May 2017, 11:06 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments SIR Sean Connery made a rare trip out today as he took a stroll in the Big Apple. The first ever James Bond star, 86, was joined by his wife as he made a trip to a barber shop in New York. Goff Photos 8 Sir Sean Connery was spotted on a rare occasion out The Scottish actor was dressed down in a tan jacket, green shirt and brown trousers. It’s not often the star is spotted out since he retired from the world of showbiz in 2003. Goff Photos 8 The retired actor isn’t often seen out and about Sean was spotted after it was revealed today that one of his former Bond Girls, Molly Peters, has died at the age of 75. His fellow Bond actor Roger Moore also passed away last week. Goff Photos 8 He was seen in the Big Apple as he left a local barber shop Goff Photos 8 Sean was seen doing some shopping with his wife MOST READ TV & SHOWBIZ GRANDE GESTURE Ariana Grande changed whole Manchester One Love set list for fan who passed away body makeover Alex Reid drops ten per cent of his body fat to take part in a bodybuilding competition this gnawing Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield furious after plagues of mice and moths invade This Morning set final say Simon Cowell vows to STOP the public voting for who goes through to the Britain's Got Talent final 'Fabulous show' Piers Morgan backtracks on his previous Ariana Grande remarks as he praises One Love gig TAY'S NEW SQUEEZE Taylor Swift spotted sharing breakfast with her new Brit boyfriend Joe Alwyn Getty Images 8 Sean was famously the first ever James Bond Molly, who starred as nurse Patricia Fearing opposite Sean’s 007 in Thunderball, was famously the first Bond girl to take her clothes off on screen, sparking controversy and nearly earning the film an X rating. Getty Images 8 Molly Peters who played nurse Patricia Fearing opposite Sean in Thunderball has died Her death was announced  on the James Bond Twitter account in a post reading: “We are sad to hear that Molly Peters has passed away at the age of 75. Our thoughts are with her family.” Several scenes from Thunderball had to be cut at the request of the British Board of Film Classification (BBFC) because they were deemed to risqué. Rex Features 8 She was the first Bond girl to take her clothes off on screen Her death comes a week after Roger passed away in Switzerland after losing a short battle with cancer. Posting on his official Twitter account his family said: “With the heaviest of hearts, we must share the awful news that our father, Sir Roger Moore, passed away today. We are all devastated.” In a statement from his family, they added: “It is with a heavy heart that we must announce our loving father, Sir Roger Moore, has passed away today in Switzerland after a short but brave battle with cancer. “The love which he was surrounded in his final days was so great it cannot be quantified in words alone. PA:Press Association 8 His fellow James Bond star Roger Moore passed away last week “We know our own love and admiration will be magnified many times over, across the world, by people who knew him for his films, his television shows, and his passionate work for UNICEF which he considered to be his greatest achievement. “The affection our father felt whenever he walked on to a stage or in front of a camera buoyed him hugely and kept him busy working into his 90th year, through to his last appearance in November 2016 on stage at London’s Royal Festival Hall. See Sir Sean Connery in some of his most iconic James Bond scenes "The capacity crowd cheered him on and off stage, shaking the very foundations of the building just a short distance from where he was born. "Thank you Pops for being you, and for being so very special to so many people. "Our thoughts must now turn to supporting Kristina at this difficult time, and in accordance with our father's wishes there will be a private funeral in Monaco." Got a story? email digishowbiz@the-sun.co.uk or call us direct on 02077824220   The Sun Topics Sean Connery Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments Comments Most Popular TRAGIC TOT Newborn baby girl dies after trainee midwife mistakenly monitors MUM'S heart rate instead of the child's News seconds from slaughter ISIS claims responsibility for London Bridge terror attack as chilling video shows jihadi killers stalking pubs looking for revellers to slaughter in deadly rampage News DODGING DEATH Tourist reveals he survived London Bridge terror attack by 'ducking and weaving' after being stabbed in the neck News 'OLIVIA WOULDN'T WANT US TO CRY' Ariana Grande pays tribute to Manchester terror victim Olivia Campbell, 15, in front of 50,000 defiant fans before emotional performance with schoolgirl, 12 News GRANDE GESTURE Ariana Grande changed whole Manchester One Love set list for fan who passed away TV & Showbiz body makeover Alex Reid drops ten per cent of his body fat to take part in a bodybuilding competition TV & Showbiz Revealed BRAINWASHED ON YOUTUBE? Ex-Tube worker and Arsenal-supporting family man 'Abz' who tried to radicalise young kids in park 'watched extremist YouTube videos' before London Bridge rampage News Pictured 'SHE HAD ROOM IN HER HEART FOR EVERYONE' First picture of 'beautiful and loving' Canadian charity worker killed in London Bridge terror attack after moving to Europe to be with her fiancé News ‘THE WOLVES HAVE AWAKENED’ Sick ISIS thugs celebrate London Bridge terror rampage and call for more attacks News Comment DOUGLAS MURRAY Never mind singing John Lennon songs... if we want peace then we need one thing - less Islam News Exclusive holiday reading Antonio Conte is spending summer break poring over Chelsea player data... to avoid repeat of Jose Mourinho's disastrous title defence Football Exclusive this gnawing Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield furious after plagues of mice and moths invade This Morning set TV & Showbiz BOUNCER'S BRAVE CHARGE Doorman 'saved countless lives' by pelting jihadis with bottles, glasses and bar stools and driving them into gun cops' sights News DEAD MEN WALKING London Bridge attack killers filmed striding calmly through market ‘like outlaws from a Western’ News Gossip In the Vic of time Manchester United to confirm £30million signing of Benfica youngster Victor Lindelof next week Football Just Published WE AR ONE Stars come out in force to perform for 50,000 crowd at Ariana Grande's One Love Manchester concert TV & Showbiz Rod's resort ramble Rod Stewart steps out with wife Penny Lancaster as pair keep their cool in stylish St Tropez TV & Showbiz PUSS IN LOOT Former EastEnder Samantha Womack spends thousands rescuing five kittens from Spain TV & Showbiz JAMIE JOKE IS ORL WRONG Jack Whitehall pranked by A League of Their Own co-star Jamie Redknapp over Orlando Bloom texts TV & Showbiz HEN PARTY Animal trainer teaches chicken to perform card trick and hopes to enter pets into Britain's Got Talent TV & Showbiz welcoming party Beyonce & Jay Z plan to let Blue Ivy wear a £780 nurse uniform & 'WATCH the birth of her twin siblings' TV & Showbiz Exclusive TAY'S NEW SQUEEZE Taylor Swift spotted sharing breakfast with her new Brit boyfriend Joe Alwyn TV & Showbiz TV PICKS What's on TV tonight? Shows to watch on Monday 5 June from 24 Hours in Police Custody to Big Brother TV & Showbiz Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. You can change this and find out more by following this link Close Follow The Sun Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Commissioning Terms Help Hub Topic A-Z Sell Your Story ©News Group Newspapers Limited in England No. 679215 Registered office: 1 London Bridge Street, London, SE1 9GF. "The Sun", "Sun", "Sun Online" are registered trademarks or trade names of News Group Newspapers Limited. This service is provided on News Group Newspapers' Limited's Standard Terms and Conditions in accordance with our Privacy & Cookie Policy. To inquire about a licence to reproduce material, visit our Syndication site. View our online Press Pack. For other inquiries, Contact Us. To see all content on The Sun, please use the Site Map. The Sun website is regulated by the Independent Press Standards Organisation (IPSO) Our journalists strive for accuracy but on occasion we make mistakes. For further details of our complaints policy and to make a complaint please click here.
Whoops! It looks like portions of our site are being blocked! Check your browser settings or contact your network administrator. Report: Apple’s Version Of A Connected Speaker To Debut Later This Year Share on Facebook Share on Twitter RSS Feed Tweet Share Report: Apple’s Version Of A Connected Speaker To Debut Later This Year Image courtesy of Håkan Dahlström May 31, 2017 5:08 pm EDT By Laura Northrup@lnorthrup apple speakers ispeaker HomeKit Smart Homes hubs apple speaker apple Apple makes phones, tablets, computers, headphones, and even easy-to-lose wireless earbuds, but there’s one thing missing. Unlike Google and Amazon, Apple doesn’t sell a smart speaker that also serves as a smart home hub. That’s reportedly about to change, and factories are starting to crank out Apple’s take on the hot products. Those ever-wise “people with knowledge of the matter” told Bloomberg News that the speaker is coming, and is made by Inventec, which also makes AirPods. While the speakers wouldn’t go on sale until later this year, they could be announced in June at Apple’s developers’ conference. According to the sources, the speakers are powered by the Siri virtual assistant that’s available on Apple’s phones, tablets, and computers. Apple hopes to differentiate its version of a common product with better sound quality, and features like virtual surround sound and sensors that are able to measure a room and adjust the acoustics accordingly. It would also help make Apple’s HomeKit smart home software more useful, since users now have to coordinate their devices with an AppleTV or an iPad. In addition to controlling HomeKit-compatible third-party smart devices, Apple will reportedly also let third-party developers create voice functions for the speaker. Last year, Apple began preparing for this by letting developers in to use Siri and make iOS voice commands do something useful. If the unnamed speaker does launch in June, it would be the first new piece of hardware announced at Apple’s WWDC since 2013, when the cylindrical Mac Pro was introduced. May 31, 2017 By Laura Northrup@lnorthrup apple speakers ispeaker HomeKit Smart Homes hubs apple speaker apple Tell a friend: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Related siri v. alexa Apple Reportedly Looking To Create Competitor To Amazon Echo very complicated things It Takes Dozens Of Companies To Make Your iPhone how much does it cost and when is it available? Apple Unveils iPhone 6S, iPad Pro, Apple Pen, New Apple TV hot beats Apple Recalls Beats Pill XL Speakers Due To Fire Hazard apple Some Macbook Owners Say Their Computers Are Making “Popping” Sounds Previous United Facing $435K Fine For Allegedly Flying A Plane That Wasn’t In Airworthy Condition Next HHS: Taxpayers May Have Overpaid $1.27 Billion For EpiPens Part of  Founded in 2005, Consumerist is an independent source of consumer news and information published by Consumer Media LLC, a not-for-profit subsidiary of Consumer Reports. Donate About Us Connect With Us No Commercial Use Policy Privacy Policy User Agreement Work With Us Want Consumerist in your inbox? We will not sell or rent your email Feed Google+ Twitter Facebook Next Up: HHS: Taxpayers May Have Overpaid $1.27 Billion For EpiPens Return to Top Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Cell Phones & Plans Business Phone Home Phone Internet Television Deals Find the Best Cell Phone and Plan for You PhoneDog's innovative comparison tool can help you save on cell phones and plans. Find the best phone and plan for you today with PhoneDog! Compare Phones and Plans Compare Cell Phones Compare Cell Plans CREDO Mobile Tello Ting T-Mobile Sprint Pix Wireless The People's Operator Republic Wireless Boost Mobile Straight Talk AT&T Virgin Mobile Verizon Wireless Net10 No Contract Plans See all carriers Phone Categories Smartphone Basic Phones Waterproof/Rugged Phablets Free Phones Phone Manufacturers Apple HTC Motorola LG Samsung See All Manufacturers Cell Phone Reviews Cell Phone News Phone vs Phone Cell Phone Videos App Reviews Official Smartphone Rankings VoIP Long Distance Residential VoIP Holiday Deals Trending: iPhone 7 Google Pixel Official Smartphone Rankings Login Register Search Enter your keywords f g+ t Follow @phonedog yt         Apple may announce Siri smart speaker at WWDC next week iOS Alex Wagner Editorial Director of News and Content | May 31, 2017 0 shares 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0               The smart speaker space is heating up, with Amazon and Google already on the market and Essential coming soon. And according to a new report, Apple will be joining the competition soon, too. Apple has started production on a smart speaker powered by Siri and it could announce the device as soon as WWDC next week, say sources speaking to Bloomberg. However, the speaker may not be ready to ship to consumers until later in 2017. Apple will reportedly focus on the speaker’s sound quality as a way to help it stand out from competition like Amazon’s Echo and Google’s Home. Apple’s device will reportedly offer virtual surround sound and advanced acoustics technologies, and the speakers that Apple is currently testing are said to be louder and crisper than competing products. Other rumored features of this Apple smart speaker include integration with smart home devices that support Apple’s HomeKit, giving users control over lights, door locks and more. Apple may also let third-party services build products for its speaker. If Apple is indeed planning to introduce its smart speaker at WWDC, it’s possible that the company hopes to launch the device at its annual fall iPhone event and give developers a few months’ time to build apps for it. As for the speaker itself, a focus on high-quality audio could be a good way to help it stand out. While the Amazon Echo and Google Home can play music, they aren’t considered to be high-quality speakers, so Apple could use improved sound quality as a differentiator since many folks use these speakers in places like the kitchen. Does the Apple smart speaker described in today’s report interest you? Source:  Bloomberg iOS Rumors and Leaks Apple Previous ArticleVerizon offering free Google Home with Pixel purchase, discounts on smartphones with trade-in Next ArticleTwitter now lets you review Direct Messages from people you don't know Don't forget to VOTE! Each week, PhoneDog Fans vote for their #1 smartphone in the Official Smartphone Rankings. Vote now and contribute to the industry's most relevant weekly ranking charts. Related Posts I hope Nokia brings a little bit of Lumia to its next smartphone Microsoft's canceled Lumia 950 successor shown off in leaked photos Unlocked BlackBerry KEYone launches in the US today Moto Z2 Play official with thinner body, Verizon and unlocked models planned View the discussion thread. Select a phone: (optional) + - Any - Acer Liquid M220 Airave 2.5 Plus Alcatel 510A Alcatel 768 Alcatel 871A GoPhone Alcatel A206G Alcatel A30 Alcatel A382G Big Easy Alcatel A392G Alcatel A394C Alcatel Authority Alcatel Big Easy Flip Black Alcatel Cinch Alcatel Dawn Alcatel Fling Black Alcatel GO FLIP Alcatel Ideal Alcatel Idol 4 Alcatel Idol 4S Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 Alcatel One Touch 991 Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel One Touch Idol Alcatel One Touch Scribe HD Alcatel One Touch Shockwave Alcatel One Touch Ultra Alcatel One Touch Yaris Black Alcatel OneTouch B3G Alcatel OneTouch Conquest Alcatel OneTouch Elevate Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fierce Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel OneTouch Fierce XL Alcatel ONETOUCH Fling Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (4.7") Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (5.5") Alcatel ONETOUCH Pixi Avion Alcatel Onetouch Pixi Bond Alcatel onetouch Pixi Charm Alcatel onetouch Pixi ECLIPSE Alcatel onetouch Pixi GLITZ Alcatel onetouch Pixi Glory LTE Alcatel onetouch Pixi PULSAR Alcatel OneTouch Pop 7 Alcatel ONETOUCH POP Astro Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon 2 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Mega Alcatel OneTouch Pop Nova Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star 2 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star LTE Alcatel OneTouch Retro Alcatel OneTouch Retro ALCATEL OneTouch Sonic LTE Alcatel ONETOUCH Speakeasy Alcatel Pixi Unite Alcatel Pop C9 Alcatel Pop D3 Alcatel Sparq II Alcatel Sparq II Alcatel Venture Amazon Fire HD Kids Edition 6 inch Blue Amazon Fire Phone Amazon Kindle Fire 7 inch Black Amazon Kindle Fire HD 6 (2014) Amazon Kindle Fire HD 7 Amazon Kindle Fire HDX 7 inch Black 16GB Amazon Kindle Fire HDX 8.9 Black 16GB Amoi CS6 Silver Anna Sui Mobile by Samsung ANS H450R Apple iPad Apple iPad 2 Apple iPad 2 16GB Apple iPad 2 WiFi and 3G 16GB Black Apple iPad 4th Gen Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Air 2 16GB Space Gray Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad mini 3 Apple iPad Mini 3 Apple iPad mini 3 16GB Space Gray Apple iPad mini 4 Apple iPad mini with Retina Display Apple iPad mini with Retina display 16GB Silver Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad Pro 9.7 Apple iPad with Retina Display Apple iPhone Apple iPhone 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 16 GB Apple iPhone 3GS Apple iPhone 4 Apple iPhone 4 32GB Black Apple iPhone 4S Apple iPhone 4S 64GB White Apple iPhone 5 Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6s Plus Apple iPhone 7 Apple iPhone 7 Plus Apple iPhone SE Apple iPod Touch - 8GB Apple new iPad Apple new iPad WiFi and 4G 16GB Black Apple Watch Asus Eee Pad Memo ME370T Asus Eee Slate Asus Google Nexus 7 Asus Memo Pad 10 inch Black ASUS MeMO Pad 7 LTE ASUS MeMO Pad FHD 10 LTE Asus PadFone Black Asus Padfone mini Asus PadFone X ASUS PadFone X mini Asus Transformer Asus Transformer Prime TF700T ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenFone 2E Asus ZenFone 4 Asus ZenFone 5 Asus ZenFone 6 ASUS ZenFone Zoom Asus ZenWatch ASUS ZenWatch 2 AT&T Cingular Flip AT&T Mobile Hotspot Elevate 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot MiFi 2372 AT&T Radiant GoPhone AT&T Unite AT&T Unite Pro AT&T USBConnect Adrenaline AT&T USBConnect Momentum 4G AT&T USBConnect Turbo AT&T USBConnect Velocity AT&T Z222 GoPhone AT&T Z223 GoPhone AT&T Z998 GoPhone Audiovox 8425 Audiovox 9200 Audiovox CDM-105 / CDM-7000 Audiovox CDM-120 Audiovox CDM-8100 Audiovox CDM-8150X Audiovox CDM-8200 Audiovox CDM-8300 Audiovox CDM-8400 / CDM-8410 Audiovox CDM-8450 / CDM-8455 / VI600 Audiovox CDM-8500 Audiovox CDM-8600 Audiovox CDM-8615 Audiovox CDM-8900 Audiovox CDM-8910 / FLASHER V7/PM-8912 Audiovox CDM-8915 / Snapper Audiovox CDM-8930 Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox CDM-9100 Audiovox CDM-9150X Audiovox CDM-9155GPX Audiovox CDM-9200X Audiovox CDM-9500 Audiovox CDM-9600 Audiovox CDM-9900 Audiovox CDM-9950 Audiovox HTC-Apache / PPC-6700 Audiovox PC-3320 Audiovox PC-5220 Audiovox PC5740 EVDO PC Card Audiovox PM-8920 Audiovox PPC 4100 Audiovox PPC-5050-Falcon Audiovox PPC-6600/6601 Audiovox SMT-5600 Audiovox THERA / 2032 Audiovox VI600 Audiovox VOX-8610 Audiovox XV6600 B-Mobile B1+ B-Mobile C240 3G Flip Barnes & Noble Nook 16GB Silver BenQ P50 BenQ T60 Betsey Johnson Mobile by Samsung Big Button Flip Alcatel A392G BlackBerry 6210 / 6230 BlackBerry 6280 BlackBerry 6510 BlackBerry 6710 BlackBerry 6750 BlackBerry 7100g BlackBerry 7100i BlackBerry 7100r BlackBerry 7100t BlackBerry 7100v BlackBerry 7100x BlackBerry 7105t BlackBerry 7130c BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7230 / 7210 BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7270 BlackBerry 7280 BlackBerry 7290 BlackBerry 7510 BlackBerry 7520 BlackBerry 7750 BlackBerry 7780 / 7730 BlackBerry 8700c BlackBerry 8700g BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8800 BlackBerry 8820 BlackBerry 8830 BlackBerry 9000-Bold BlackBerry 9330 Titanium BlackBerry 9720 White BlackBerry Apollo BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9700 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Bold 9900 BlackBerry Bold 9930 BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330 Charcoal BlackBerry Curve 8320 BlackBerry Curve 8330 BlackBerry Curve 8350i BlackBerry Curve 8520 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8530 Black BlackBerry Curve 8900 BlackBerry Curve 9300 Black BlackBerry Curve 9310 BlackBerry Curve 9315 BlackBerry Curve 9320 BlackBerry Curve 9330 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9370 BlackBerry Curve-8300 BlackBerry Curve-8310 Red BlackBerry DTEK50 BlackBerry Javelin BlackBerry KEYone BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Pearl 3G 9100 Black BlackBerry Pearl 3G 9105 Black BlackBerry Pearl 8110 BlackBerry Pearl 8120 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 White BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8230 BlackBerry Pearl-8100 Blue BlackBerry PlayBook BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Q5 White BlackBerry Storm BlackBerry Storm2 BlackBerry Style BlackBerry Thunder-9500 BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Tour BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Z30 Blackphone 2 BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Dash X BLU Life One M Blu Life One X BLU Life One X BLU Life One X2 BLU Life One X2 Mini BLU Life Play S BLU Life Play X BLU LIFE PRO BLU Life Pure BLU Life View BLU Life View Tab BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Pure XR BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 C HD Black BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0C BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio C 8+8 BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio J5 BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio Selfie LTE BLU Vivo 4.8 HD BLU Vivo IV BLU Vivo XL BLU Win HD Neon Green BLU Win JR White Boost MAX by ZTE Boost Warp 4G by ZTE Brigadier by Kyocera Casio EXILIM Casio G'zOne Boulder - Black & Silver CASIO G'zONE Ravine 2 (Non-Camera) Casio GzOne Brigade Casio GzOne Commando Casio GzOne Ravine Casio GzOne Ravine 2 Casio GzOne Rock CAT B15Q CAT S40 Compal AR-11 Red E SC1100 Coolpad Arise Coolpad Avail Coolpad Catalyst Coolpad Flo Coolpad Flo Black Coolpad Rogue Curitel Identity Curitel TX-110C Curitel TX-115C Curitel TX-120C Curitel TX-30B Curitel TX-50C Curitel TX-55C Curitel TX-60B/TX-61B Curitel TX-65B Curitel TX-95C Danger HIPTOP / SIDEKICK Color Danger HIPTOP / T-MOBILE SIDEKICK Danger HIPTOP 2 / SIDEKICK II Danger Sidekick-3 Danger Sidekick-iD Grey Dell Aero Dell Inspiron 14z Laptop Dell Inspiron Mini 10 with T-Mobile webConnect Dell Inspiron Mini 1012 Dell Streak 7 Dell Venue Dell Venue Pro Digital Chocolate Inc. Crazy Penguin Catapult Digix Tab 730 Double Power Nobis 7 Inch 8GB White DROID 2 by Motorola DROID 3 by Motorola DROID 4 by Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G by Motorola DROID by Motorola DROID CHARGE by Samsung Droid DNA by HTC DROID ERIS by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 by HTC DROID Incredible 4G LTE by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE by HTC DROID Pro by Motorola DROID R2 D2 by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola DROID RAZR HD by Motorola DROID RAZR M by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola DROID Turbo DROID X by Motorola DROID X2 by Motorola Ematic 7 Inch HD quad-core Ematic EGD 170 Black Enact by LG Ericsson A1228C Ericsson A1228D / A1228LX Ericsson A2218Z Ericsson c905a Ericsson Equinox Ericsson R278D Ericsson R280 / R289 Ericsson R300D / R300LX Ericsson R300Z Ericsson R380 WORLD Ericsson R520 Ericsson T28-World Ericsson T39 Ericsson T60D / T60LX Ericsson T66 Ericsson T68 Ericsson TM506 Ericsson Vivaz Ericsson W350 Ericsson W518a Ericsson Z750a Essential Phone Eten Glofiish-X500 Firefly FireFly Franklin 3G-4G USB U600 Franklin CDU-550AL Franklin Ellipsis Jetpack Black Franklin U300 Aircard Franklin U301 USB Device Franklin U600 4G USB Stick Black Galaxy Nexus by Samsung Garmin Garminfone Garmin nuvifone G60 Garmin-Asus nuvifone M20 Generic Manufacturer Sample Giveaway Item Generic Manufacturer VK-530 Google Nexus 10 16GB Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 5 Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 7 Google Nexus 9 Google Nexus One Google Pixel Google Pixel C Google Pixel XL Hitachi G1000 Hitachi SH-P300 Honor 6X HP H6315 / H6310 HP iPAQ Glisten HP iPAQ hw6510 / hw6515 HP iPAQ-510-Voice-Messenger HP iPAQ-610-Business-Navigator HP IPAQ-6320 HP iPAQ-6325 HP iPAQ-6945 HP iPAQ-910c-Business-Messenger HP iPAQ-hw6915 HP iPAQ-hw6940 HP Mini 210-1076NR Netbook HP Mini 311-1037NR Netbook HP Netbook 9.7 inch Black HP Palm Pre 2 HP Pre 3 HP Slate 7 HP Slate10 HD HP Slate7 Extreme HP Slate7 Plus HP Slate8 Pro HP TouchPad HP Veer 4G HTC 10 HTC 3125 HTC 5800 HTC 7 Pro HTC 8125 HTC 8525 HTC 8925-Tilt HTC 8XT HTC A11 White HTC A5 Max Gray HTC Accord Black HTC All New One HTC Amaze HTC Aria HTC Arrive HTC BLUE ANGEL / MDA III / XDA IIS HTC Bolt HTC CANARY / SPV HTC Cedar HTC Dash HTC Dash 3G HTC Desire HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 526 HTC Desire 530 HTC Desire 601 Black HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 612 HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 626s HTC Desire 816 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire C Black HTC Desire EYE HTC Desire Eye HTC Dream HTC Droid DNA HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 4G HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO Design 4G HTC EVO Shift 4G HTC EVO V 4G Black HTC EVO View 4G HTC Excalibur HTC Faraday / 2100 / 2125 HTC First HTC Flyer HTC Freestyle HTC FUZE HTC G1 HTC HD 7 HTC HD Mini HTC HD2 HTC HD7S HTC Hero HTC Hero S HTC HIMALAYAS / XDA II / MDA II HTC Imagio HTC Inspire 4G HTC Jetstream HTC Lancaster HTC Legend HTC M7 (Beta) HTC Magic HTC Magician / MDA Compact HTC Max 4G HTC MDA HTC MDA Basic HTC Merge HTC Merge HTC Mogul HTC Mogul Pocket PC 6800 HTC myTouch 3G 3.5mm Jack White HTC myTouch 3G Slide Black HTC myTouch 3G White HTC Nexus 9 HTC One (E8) HTC One (M8) HTC One (M8) For Windows HTC One A9 HTC One Google Play edition HTC One M7 HTC One M9 HTC One Max HTC One mini HTC One mini 2 HTC One remix HTC One S HTC One SV HTC One V HTC One VX White HTC One X HTC One X global HTC One X+ HTC Ozone HTC P3300 HTC P4300 HTC P4350 HTC P6500 HTC PPC6800 HTC Prophet/i-mate JAMin HTC Pure HTC Radar HTC Rezound HTC Rhodium HTC Rhyme HTC S621 Excalibur HTC S630 Cavalier HTC S710 HTC S720 HTC S730 HTC S740 HTC S743 HTC Salsa HTC SDA HTC Sensation HTC Shadow HTC Shift HTC SMT5800 HTC Snap HTC Space Needle/Pocket PC Phone HTC Star Trek/8500 HTC Status HTC Surround HTC TANAGER / SPV E100 / QTEK 7070 HTC Tattoo HTC Thunderbolt HTC Tilt 2 HTC Titan HTC Titan II HTC Tornado/SDA HTC Touch HTC Touch Cruise HTC Touch Diamond HTC Touch Diamond2 HTC Touch HD HTC Touch Pro HTC Touch Pro 2 HTC Touch Pro 6850 HTC Touch Viva HTC Touch-Cruise HTC Touch-DUAL HTC Touch-XV6900 HTC Trophy HTC TyTN HTC TyTN-II-Kaiser HTC U Play HTC U Ultra HTC U11 HTC Vivid HTC VOYAGER / SPV E200 / XPHONE HTC Warhawk HTC Wildfire S HTC Wing HTC X7500 HTC XV6800 Huawei Activa 4G Huawei Ascend Huawei Ascend 5W HUAWEI Ascend II Huawei Ascend Mate 2 Huawei Ascend Mate2 Huawei Ascend P1 S Huawei Ascend Plus Huawei Ascend Q Huawei Ascend W1 Huawei Ascend Y Huawei EC-3360 Huawei EC228 Huawei Express Huawei Express Mobile Hotspot Huawei Fusion 2 Black Huawei Fusion U8652 Blue Huawei Glory Huawei GX8 Huawei H110C Huawei H110C Huawei H210C Huawei H215G Huawei H866C Huawei H881 Black Huawei Honor 5X Huawei Honor 6 Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Honor 8 Huawei Impulse 4G Huawei Inspira Huawei M318 Huawei M328 Huawei M735 Huawei M750 Huawei M835 Huawei M865 Huawei Magna Huawei Mate 8 Huawei Mate 9 Huawei Mate S Huawei Mercury Huawei Mercury Ice Huawei NET10 Home Phone Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei P10 Huawei P10 Plus Huawei P8 lite Huawei P9 Huawei P9 Plus Huawei Pal Huawei Pillar Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Pinnacle 2 Huawei Premia 4G Huawei Premia 4G Huawei Pronto Huawei Raven Huawei SENSA Huawei SnapTo Huawei Summit Huawei Summit Huawei Tap Berry Huawei Tap Midnight Blue Huawei U2800A Pal Black Huawei U3900 Black Huawei U8651T Prism Huawei UMG181 Huawei Union Huawei USBConnect Force 4G Huawei Valiant Huawei Valiant Huawei Verge Huawei Verge Huawei Vitria Huawei W1 Huawei Watch Huawei Watch 2 i-mate JAM i-mate JAQ i-mate JAQ3 i-mate JASJAR 3G PDA i-mate K-JAM i-mate PDAL i-mate Smartflip i-mate SP3i i-mate SPL i-mate Ultimate 6150 i-mate Ultimate 8150 i-mate Ultimate-8502 i-mate Ultimate-9502 innostream INNO A11 innostream INNO-30 innostream INNO-55 innostream INNO-89 innostream INNO-90 innostream INNO-98 / 99 Jolla Tablet KIN One Kyocera 1135 Kyocera 1155 Kyocera 126C Kyocera 2119 Kyocera 2135 Kyocera 2235 Kyocera 2255 Kyocera 2325 Kyocera 2345 Kyocera 3225 Kyocera 323 Kyocera 3245 Kyocera 3250 Kyocera 5135 Kyocera 7135 Kyocera Adreno-S240 Black Kyocera AKTIV-K480 Kyocera Brigadier Kyocera Brio Kyocera Coast Kyocera Contact Kyocera Cyclops-K312 Kyocera Cyclops-K325 Kyocera Deco-E1000 Kyocera Domino Kyocera Dorado-KX13 Kyocera DuraCore Kyocera DuraForce Kyocera DuraForce Pro Kyocera DuraForce XD Kyocera DuraMax Kyocera DuraPlus Kyocera DuraPro Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraXE Kyocera DuraXT Kyocera DuraXTP Kyocera DuraXV Kyocera Echo Kyocera ENERGI-K490 Kyocera ENERGI-K493 Kyocera Event Kyocera Hydro Kyocera Hydro Air Kyocera Hydro Edge Kyocera Hydro Elite Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Life Kyocera Hydro REACH Kyocera Hydro Vibe Kyocera Hydro View Kyocera Hydro Wave Kyocera Hydro XTRM Kyocera K10 Royale Kyocera K132 Kyocera K322 Kyocera K323 Kyocera K342 Kyocera K404 Kyocera K822 Kyocera K9 Kyocera KE413 / KE414 Phantom Kyocera KE424C / KX424 Blade Kyocera KE433 / K7 Rave Kyocera Kona Kyocera KPC-650 Kyocera KPC650 EVDO PC Card Kyocera KPC680-ExpressCard Kyocera KX1-SOHO Kyocera KX12 Kyocera KX16-Candid Kyocera KX18-ANGEL Kyocera KX18-JET Kyocera KX2 Kyocera KX2-KOI Kyocera KX414 Phantom Kyocera KX433 / KX434 Rave Kyocera KX440 / KX444 Kyocera KX9A Kyocera Laylo M1400 Kyocera Lingo-M1000 Kyocera Loft S2300 Black Kyocera Luno Kyocera Mako-S4000 Black Kyocera Melo S1300 Kyocera Milan-KX9B / KX9C Kyocera Milano Kyocera Neo E1100 Kyocera Oystr-KX9d Kyocera Presto Kyocera Presto Kyocera QCP-2035 Kyocera QCP-3035 Kyocera QCP-6035 Kyocera Rally Kyocera Rio Kyocera Rise Kyocera S14-Opal Kyocera S2100 Black Kyocera SE47 / SE44 / V5 Slider Kyocera SE47 Slider Kyocera Slider-Remix-KX5 Kyocera Slider-Sonic Kyocera Strobe-K612B Kyocera Switch-Back Kyocera Tempo-E2000 Kyocera TNT Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torque Kyocera TorqueXT Kyocera Verve Kyocera Wild-Card Kyocera X-tc M2000 Kyocera Xcursion-KX160 LeapFrog Tic-Talk LeEco Le Pro3 LeEco Le S3 Lenovo Phab 2 Pro LG 221C LG 101 LG 1010 LG 108C LG 109C LG 1500 LG 200 LG 220C LG 231C LG 235C LG 236C LG 237C LG 238C LG 290c LG 305C LG 306G LG 306G LG 320G LG 329G LG 400G LG 4015 LG 4050 LG 410G LG 420G Black LG 440G Black LG 441G LG 442BG LG 450 LG 4NE1 LG 500G LG 505C LG 511C LG 5450 LG 600G LG 6190 LG 620G LG 800G LG 840G LG 900G LG A340 LG A380 LG A7110 LG Access LTE LG Accolade LG Ally LG Apex LG Arena LG Aristo LG Aspire LG Attune LG AX-145 LG AX-245 LG AX-275 Silver LG AX-355 LG AX-390 LG AX-4270 LG AX-490 LG AX-8600 Silver LG AX155 LG AX300 LG AX4750 LG AX5000 / UX5000 LG AX565 LG AX8600 LG B470 LG Banter LG Banter Touch LG Beacon LG Beacon LG Bliss LG C1300i LG C2000 LG C900 LG CE110 LG CE500 LG CF360 LG CG180 LG CG225 LG CG300 LG Chocolate 3 LG Chocolate Touch LG Chocolate VX8550 LG Chocolate White LG Classic LG Clout LG Connect 4G LG Connect 4G LG Converse LG Cosmos LG Cosmos 2 LG Cosmos 2 Black LG Cosmos 3 LG Cosmos Touch LG CP150 LG CU320 LG CU400 LG CU500 LG CU500v LG CU515 LG Dare LG Decoy LG Destiny LG dLite LG Doubleplay LG Enact LG Encore LG Enlighten LG enV Touch LG enV VX11000 LG enV VX9900 LG enV-VX-9900 LG enV2 LG enV3 LG Envoy LG Envoy II LG Escape LG Escape 2 LG Esteem LG Esteem LG Exalt LG Exceed Black LG Exchange LG eXpo LG Extravert LG Extravert 2 LG F7200 LG F9100 LG F9200 LG Fathom LG Flare LG Freedom LG Fusic-LX550 LG G Flex LG G Flex 2 LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad 8.3 Google Play edition LG G Pad F7.0 LG G Pad X 8.0 LG G Pro 2 LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G Vista 2 LG G Watch LG G Watch R LG G2 LG G3 LG G3 Vigor LG G4 LG G4010 / G4011 LG G4020 LG G5 LG G6 LG Genesis LG Glance LG Glimmer LG GM730 LG GS170 LG GU295 LG Harmony LG HB620T LG Helix UX310 Orange LG Ignite LG Imprint LG INCITE LG Intuition LG Intuition LG Invision LG K10 LG K20 plus LG K3 LG K4 LG K7 LG K8 V LG KE850-Prada LG KE970-Shine LG KF900-Prada LG KP265 LG KP500 Cookie LG KU990-Viewty LG L1150 / L1100 LG L1200 LG L1400 LG L1400i LG L34C LG L35G SIM4 LG L39C LG Lancet LG Leon LTE LG LG 530G LG LG-AX-140 LG Lotus LG Lotus Elite LG Lucid LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 3 LG Lucky LG LX-150 LG LX-5550 / VX-5550 LG LX1200 LG LX150 LG LX160 LG LX290 LG LX350 LG LX350 LG LX370 LG LX400 LG LX400 LG LX535 LG LX5350 LG LX550 LG Lyric LG M4410 LG Mach LG Marquee LG Migo LG Migo (sm) LG MM-535 LG Motion 4G LG Motion 4G LG Muziq LX570 LG Muziq-LX-570 Black LG Mystique LG Neon LG Neon II LG Nexus 5X LG Nitro HD LG Octane LG Optimus 2X LG Optimus 4X HD LG Optimus Black LG Optimus C LG Optimus Dynamic LG Optimus Dynamic II LG Optimus Elite LG Optimus Exceed 2 LG Optimus Extreme LG Optimus F3 LG Optimus F3Q LG Optimus F5 LG Optimus F6 LG Optimus F7 LG Optimus Fuel LG Optimus G LG Optimus G Pro LG Optimus L70 LG Optimus L9 LG Optimus L90 LG Optimus Logic LG Optimus M LG Optimus M LG Optimus M Plus LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus Net LG Optimus Plus LG Optimus Q LG Optimus Regard LG Optimus S LG Optimus S Purple LG Optimus SHOWTIME LG Optimus Slider LG Optimus U LG Optimus Ultimate LG Optimus V LG Optimus V LG Optimus Zip LG Optimus Zone LG Optimus Zone 2 LG Optimus Zone 3 LG Phoenix LG Phoenix 2 LG Phoenix 3 LG PM-225 LG PM-225 LG PM-325 LG Power L22C LG Premier LG Prestige LG Prime LG Quantum LG Realm LG Realm Black LG Rebel LG Remarq LG Renoir-KC910 LG Revere LG Revere LG Revere 2 LG Revere 3 LG Revolution LG Rhythm LG Risio LG Rumor LG Rumor 2 LG Rumor Black LG Rumor Reflex LG Rumor Reflex S LG Rumor Touch LG Saber LG Scoop LG Select LG Sentio LG Shine CU720 LG Shine II LG Shine-CU720 LG Spirit LG Spirit 4G LG Splendor LG Spree LG Spyder 830 LG Star Black LG Stylo 2 LG Stylo 2 PLUS LG Stylo 2 V LG Stylo 3 LG Sunrise LG Sunset LG Swift LG Thrive LG TM-220 LG TM-510 LG TP-1100 LG TP-5200 LG TP-5250 LG Transpyre LG Trax-CU575 LG Treasure LTE LG Tribute LG Tribute 2 LG Tribute 5 LG Tribute HD LG Tritan LG U8150 LG Ultimate 2 LG UX-210 LG UX-245 LG UX-355 LG UX-390 LG UX220 LG UX4750 LG V10 LG V20 LG Venice LG Venus LG Versa LG VI-125 LG VI-125 LG VI-5225 LG VI5225 / 5400A LG Viper LG VL600 4G USB Modem LG Volt LG Volt 2 LG Vortex LG Voyager LG Vu CU915 LG Vu CU920 LG Vu Plus LG VX-1 / TM-520 LG VX-10 LG VX-2000 LG VX-3100 / 3100A / TM250 LG VX-3200 LG VX-3450 LG VX-4100 LG VX-4270 LG VX-4400 LG VX-4500 LG VX-4600 LG VX-4700 LG VX-5200 LG VX-5200 LG VX-5400 LG VX-6000 LG VX-6100 LG VX-7000 LG VX-8000 LG VX-8100 LG VX-8300 LG VX-8350 LG VX-8500-Chocolate LG VX-8550-Chocolate Black LG VX-8600 LG VX-8700 LG VX-9000 LG VX-9400 LG VX-9800 LG VX3100 LG VX3300 LG VX3300 LG VX3400 LG VX3400 LG VX3450 LG VX3450L LG VX4400 LG VX4500 LG VX4650 LG VX5200 LG VX5300 LG VX5400 LG VX5500 LG VX7000 LG VX8000 LG VX8300 LG VX8350 LG VX8350 Red LG VX8360 LG VX8600 LG VX9800 LG Watch Urbane LG Wave-AX380 LG Wine II UN430 Titanium Gray LG X Power LG X Style LG Xenon LG Xpression LG Xpression 2 LG Xpression 2 Blue LG100C LG200C LG225 LG300G LG400G LG501C LG620G LG900G Linksys Hi Port Router Lucid 3 by LG Mach Speed Trio Stealth G4 Mach Speed Trio Stealth Pro Mach Speed Trio Stealth Pro G2 MEEP Children's Android Tablet Meizu M2 Note Meta M1 MW4003 Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 650 Microsoft Lumia 735 Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL MiFi 2200 Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot by Novatel Wireless MiFi 500 LTE by Novatel Wireless MiTAC MIO-8380 MiTAC MIO-8390 Mitsubishi G310 Mitsubishi G360 Mitsubishi G410 Mitsubishi M900/M430i Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm Moto 360 Sport Moto C Plus Moto E3 Moto G4 Moto G4 Play Moto G4 Plus Moto G5 Moto G5 Plus Moto Z Force Moto Z Play Motorola HOLLYWOOD/ E815 Motorola 2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Dale-Jarrett Motorola 388C Motorola 408 Motorola A009 Motorola A1200 Ming Motorola A1200/MING Black Motorola A388 Motorola A6288 Motorola A630 Motorola A630 Motorola A668 Motorola A780 Motorola A810 Motorola A830 Motorola A835 Motorola A840 Motorola A845 Motorola A855 Motorola A920 Motorola Admiral Motorola Adventure V750 Motorola Atrix 2 Motorola Atrix 4G Motorola Atrix HD Motorola AURA Motorola Backflip Motorola Barrage Motorola Bravo Motorola Brute i680 Motorola Buzz ic502 Motorola Buzz-ic502 Black Motorola C139 Motorola C155 Motorola C168i Motorola C186i Motorola C250 / C256 Motorola C261 Motorola C290 Motorola C331T Motorola C332 / C331G / C333 Motorola C343 / C343A / C341 Motorola C350G / C353 / C359 GSM Motorola C353T Motorola C370 / C450 Motorola C380 Motorola C381p Motorola C650 Motorola Charm Motorola Citrus Motorola CLIQ Motorola CLIQ 2 Motorola CLIQ XT Motorola Clutch i465 Motorola Clutch Plus i475 Motorola Crush Motorola Debut i856 Motorola Defy Motorola Defy XT Motorola Devour Motorola DROID MAXX Motorola DROID Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Mini Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Motorola DROID TURBO Black Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Droid Xyboard 10.1 Motorola Droid Xyboard 8.2 Motorola e1000 Motorola E310 Motorola E380 Motorola E398 Motorola E680 Motorola E815 Motorola Electrify Motorola Electrify 2 Motorola Electrify M Motorola EM326g Motorola EM330 Motorola Entice Motorola Evoke Motorola EX124G Motorola EX431G Motorola Flipout Motorola Flipside Motorola Grasp Motorola Heron Motorola Hint QA30 Motorola Hollywood-E816 Black Motorola i1 Motorola I2000PLUS Motorola i205 Motorola i215 Motorola i265 Motorola i275 Motorola i285 Motorola i290 Motorola i296 Black Motorola i305 Motorola I30SX Motorola i315 Motorola i325 Motorola i335 Motorola i355 Motorola I35S Motorola i365 Motorola i415 Motorola i425 Motorola i450 Motorola I50SX Motorola i530 Motorola i530b Motorola i530y Motorola i530y Motorola I55SR / I58SR Motorola i560 Motorola i570 Motorola i576 Motorola i580 Motorola i605 Motorola i605 Motorola I60C Motorola i670 Motorola i710 Motorola i710 Motorola i720 Motorola i730 / i733 Motorola i736-2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Jeff-Gordon Motorola i736-2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Tony-Stewart Motorola i760 Motorola i776 Motorola i776W Motorola I80S Motorola i830 Motorola i830 Silver Motorola i835 Motorola i836 Motorola i850 Motorola i855 Motorola I85S / I88S Motorola i860 Motorola i870 Motorola i880 Motorola i880 Motorola i885 Motorola i886 Motorola i890 Motorola I90C Motorola i920 Motorola i930 Motorola I95CL / I99CL Motorola ic402-Blend Motorola ic602-Buzz Motorola ic902 Motorola Karma QA1 Motorola Krave ZN4 Motorola KRZR-K1 Cosmic Blue Motorola KRZR-K1m Motorola L2 Motorola L6 Motorola Luge Motorola Luge Black Motorola Milestone 3 Motorola Milestone Plus Motorola Moto 360 Motorola Moto E (1st Gen) Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto E Black Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (2nd Gen.) Black Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Motorola Moto G 4G LTE Motorola Moto G Play Motorola MOTO VE66 Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2014) Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen.) Black Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Pure Motorola Moto Z Motorola MOTO Z10 Motorola MOTO ZN200 Motorola MOTO-ACTV-W450 Yellow Motorola MOTOMING-A1600 Motorola MOTOMING-A1800 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM25 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM28 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM30 Motorola MPx Motorola MPX100 Motorola MPX200 Motorola MPX220 Motorola PEBL Motorola PEBL Motorola PHOTON 4G Motorola Photon Q Motorola Q Motorola Q-11 Motorola Q9 Motorola Q9c Motorola Q9h-Global Motorola Q9m Motorola Quantico W845 Motorola Rapture VU30 Motorola Razr V3 Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana Motorola RAZR V3m Motorola RAZR VE20 Motorola RAZR-maxx-Ve Motorola RAZR-V3 Silver Motorola RAZR-V3a Motorola RAZR-V3c Motorola RAZR-V3i Motorola RAZR-V3m Motorola RAZR-V3r Fire Red Motorola RAZR-V3s Motorola RAZR-V3t Black Motorola RAZR-V3x Dark Blue Motorola RAZR-V3xx Grey Motorola RAZR2 V9m Motorola RAZR2-V8 Motorola RAZR2-V9 Motorola RAZR2-V9x Black Motorola Renegade V950 Motorola Renew Motorola Rival Motorola RIZR Z3 Motorola RIZR-Z3 Black Motorola RIZR-Z6c Motorola RIZR-Z6tv Motorola RIZR-Z8 Motorola ROKR E8 Motorola ROKR EM35 Motorola ROKR U9 Motorola ROKR Z6 Motorola ROKR-E1 Motorola ROKR-E2 Motorola ROKR-E6 Motorola ROKR-Z6 Black Motorola ROKR-Z6m Motorola Roxy-i830 Motorola Sidekick-Slide Motorola SLVR-L7 Motorola SLVR-L7c Black Motorola SLVR-L7e Motorola SLVR-L7i Motorola SLVR-L9 Motorola Stature i9 Motorola Surf A3100 Motorola T191 Motorola T280I Motorola T300P Motorola T720 / T721 Motorola T720I / T722I GSM Motorola T722i Motorola T725E Motorola T730 / T731C Motorola TALKABOUT-T193 / T193M Motorola Theory Motorola TIMEPORT P7382I Motorola TIMEPORT-270C Motorola TIMEPORT-P280 Motorola Titanium Motorola Triumph Motorola Tundra Motorola U9 Black Motorola v100 Motorola v120C Motorola v120e Motorola v120T Motorola v120X Motorola V171 Motorola V173 Motorola V176 Motorola V177 Motorola v180 Motorola V188 Motorola V190 Motorola V195 Motorola V195 Motorola v200 Motorola v220 Motorola V226 Motorola V235 Motorola V260 Motorola V260 / V262 Motorola v265 Motorola V266 Motorola V276 Motorola v300 Motorola v323 Motorola V325 Motorola V330 Motorola V360 Motorola V365 Motorola V3a Fire red Motorola v400 Motorola V400p Motorola v500 / v525 / v505 Motorola v535 / v545 / v550 / e550 Motorola V540 Motorola V551 Motorola V555 Motorola V557 Motorola v600 Motorola V600 Motorola v60C Motorola v60G Motorola v60I-TDMA / v60TI Motorola v60P / v60S Motorola v60T Motorola v60V Motorola V60X Motorola v620 Motorola v635 Motorola V65p Motorola v66 Motorola v66I Motorola v690 Motorola v70 Motorola v710 Motorola v80 Motorola v810 Motorola V872 Motorola v878 Motorola V980 Motorola VE240 Motorola VE465 Motorola VE75 Black Motorola VU204 Motorola W160 Motorola W175 Motorola W180 Motorola W206 Motorola W213 Motorola W230 Motorola W270 Motorola W315 Black Motorola W370 Motorola W375 Motorola W375g Motorola W376g Motorola W380 Motorola W385 Motorola W395 Motorola W408g Motorola W409G Motorola W418G Motorola W419G Black Motorola W490 Motorola W490 Motorola W510 Motorola W510 Motorola W755 Motorola XOOM Motorola XPRT Motorola Z6w Motorola Z9 Motorola Zine ZN5 myTouch 4G NEC 232E NEC 515 NEC 525 NEC 535 NEC Terrain Neonode Freerunner Neonode N1 Neonode N2 Netgear 341U USB Modem Netgear Mingle Mobile Hotspot NETGEAR Unite Netgear Zing NETGEAR Zing Netgear Zing Mobile Hotspot Nextbit Robin NextBook NEXT 10P12 9.7 inch Nexus S 4G Nexus S from Google Nixxo NXG-7300 Nixxo NXG-9230 Nokia 1006 Nokia 1100 Nokia 1101 Nokia 1108 Apple Silver Nokia 1110 Nokia 1208 Nokia 1208 Nokia 1221 Nokia 1260 / 1261 Nokia 1600 Nokia 1606 Nokia 1616 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1680 Nokia 2115i/2116i Nokia 2125i/2126i/2128i Nokia 2128 Nokia 2135 Nokia 216 Nokia 2260 Nokia 2270 Nokia 2285 / 2275 Nokia 2330 Nokia 2365i Nokia 2366i Nokia 2600 Nokia 2608 Nokia 2610 Nokia 2630 Nokia 2650 Nokia 2651 Nokia 2680 Nokia 2700 Classic Nokia 2855 Nokia 2865 Nokia 3100 Nokia 3108 Nokia 3120 Blue Nokia 3128 Nokia 3155i / VI3155 Nokia 3200 Nokia 3205 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3230 Nokia 3250 Black Nokia 3285 Nokia 3300 Nokia 3360 / 3361 Nokia 3390 Nokia 3395 Nokia 3500-classic Nokia 3555 Nokia 3560 Nokia 3570 Nokia 3585 / 3585I Nokia 3586I / 3588I Nokia 3588i Nokia 3589I / 3587I Nokia 3590 Nokia 3595 Nokia 3600 Nokia 3600-Slide Wine Nokia 3606 Nokia 3610 Nokia 3620 Nokia 3650 Nokia 3660 Nokia 3660 Nokia 3711 Nokia 5100 Nokia 5130 Nokia 5140 Nokia 5165 Nokia 5185I Nokia 5220-XpressMusic Nokia 5300 Red Nokia 5310 XpressMusic Nokia 5320-XpressMusic Nokia 5500-Sport Nokia 5530 XpressMusic Black Nokia 5610 Nokia 5630 XpressMusic Red Nokia 5700-XpressMusic Nokia 5800-XpressMusic Blue Nokia 6010 Nokia 6015i Nokia 6015i Nokia 6016i Nokia 6020 Nokia 6021 Nokia 6030 Nokia 6030 Nokia 6060 Nokia 6061 Nokia 6085 Nokia 6086 Nokia 6100 Nokia 6101 Nokia 6101/6102 Nokia 6102i Nokia 6103 Nokia 6108 Nokia 6110 Nokia 6111 Nokia 6120-classic Nokia 6121-classic Nokia 6125 Nokia 6126 Nokia 6131 Nokia 6133 Nokia 6133 Nokia 6136 Nokia 6155i Nokia 6165i Nokia 6165i Nokia 6170 Nokia 6200 Nokia 6205 Nokia 6215i Nokia 6215i Nokia 6220 Nokia 6225 / PM6225 Nokia 6230 Nokia 6230i Nokia 6233 Black Nokia 6235i/6236i Nokia 6255i Nokia 6256i Nokia 6260 Nokia 6260 slide Black Nokia 6263 Nokia 6265 Nokia 6267 Nokia 6270 Mist Blue Nokia 6275i Nokia 6280 Grey Nokia 6282 Nokia 6290 Nokia 6300 Nokia 6301 Nokia 6303 Classic Silver Nokia 6305i Nokia 6310I Nokia 6315i Nokia 6340 Nokia 6340I Nokia 6350 Nokia 6360 Nokia 6370 Nokia 6385 Nokia 6500-Slide Nokia 6555 Nokia 6560 Nokia 6585 Nokia 6590 / 6590I Nokia 6600 Nokia 6600-fold Nokia 6600-Slide Nokia 6610 Nokia 6610I Nokia 6620 Nokia 6630 Nokia 6650 Nokia 6651 Nokia 6670 Nokia 6680 Nokia 6682/6681 Nokia 6700 Classic Sliver Nokia 6708 Nokia 6800 Nokia 6800 Nokia 6810 Nokia 6820/6820i Nokia 6822 Nokia 7160 Nokia 7190 Nokia 7200 Nokia 7210 Nokia 7250 / 7250I Nokia 7260 Nokia 7270 Nokia 7280 Nokia 7360 White Amber Nokia 7370 Brown Nokia 7380 Nokia 7510 Nokia 7600 Nokia 7610 Nokia 7610 Supernova Nokia 7700 Nokia 7710 Nokia 7900-Prism Nokia 8260 Nokia 8265 / 8265I Nokia 8270 Nokia 8290 Nokia 8390 Nokia 8600-Luna Nokia 8800 / 8801 Nokia 8800 Arte Nokia 8890 Nokia 9290 Nokia 9300 Nokia 9300i Nokia 9500 Nokia Astound Nokia C6 White Nokia E50 Nokia E51 Nokia E55 Black Aluminium Nokia E61 Nokia E61i Nokia E62 Nokia E63 Ruby Red Nokia E65 Mocca Silver Nokia E66 Nokia E70 Nokia E71 Nokia E71x Nokia E72 Nokia E73 Mode Nokia E75 Red Nokia E90 Nokia Intrigue 7205 Silver Keypad Nokia Lumia 1020 Nokia Lumia 1320 Nokia Lumia 1520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Red Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia Lumia 520 Black Nokia Lumia 521 Nokia Lumia 530 Nokia Lumia 620 Cyan Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 635 Nokia Lumia 710 Nokia Lumia 800 Magenta Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 820 Nokia Lumia 822 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 900 Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia Lumia 925 Nokia Lumia 928 Nokia Lumia Icon Nokia Mirage 2605 Nokia Mural Nokia N-Gage Nokia N-GAGE QD Nokia N1 Nokia N70 Nokia n71 Nokia N72 Nokia N73 Nokia N73 Deep Plum Silver Nokia N75 Nokia N76 Red Nokia N78 Nokia N79 Nokia N8 Black Nokia N80 Nokia N81-8GB Nokia N810 Silver Nokia N810 WiMax edition Nokia N82 Nokia N85 Nokia N86 Black Nokia N90 Nokia N900 Nokia N91 Light Chrome Nokia N93 Nokia N95 Nokia N95 8GB Nokia N96 Nokia N97 Nokia N97 Mini Nokia NGage Nokia Nuron 5230 Nokia Nuron 5230 Nokia Shade 2705 Nokia Shorty Nokia Supernova-7210 Nokia Supernova-7310 Nokia Supernova-7510 Nokia Surge Nokia Tiger White Nokia Twist 7705 Nokia VI-3155 Nokia X2 Nokia X2 Novatel Broadband2Go Novatel EX720 Express PC Card Novatel EX720 ExpressCard Novatel Merlin C777 Novatel Merlin S620 Novatel MiFi 5580 Novatel MiFi Liberate Novatel Ovation U727 Novatel Ovation U760 Novatel Ovation-U727 Novatel S720 Novatel S720-Wireless-PC-Card Novatel U720 PC/Mac Card Novatel U760 Novatel USB1000 Global Modem Novatel USB720 Novatel USB727-Modem Novatel V620 EVDO PC Card Novatel V620-EV-DO-PC-card Novatel V640 PC/Mac USB Broadband Card Novatel V640-PC-Card Novatel V740 Express Card Novatel V740 PC/Mac Wireless Broadband Card o2 XDA Ignito o2 XDA-Stealth OnePlus 2 OnePlus 3 OnePlus 3T OnePlus One OnePlus One OnePlus X Oppo N1 Option GT-Max-3.6-Express Option GT-Max-Wireless-Card Option GT-Ultra Option GT-Ultra-Express Overdrive 3G 4G Mobile Hotspot Palm 680 Palm 700p Palm 700w-CDMA Palm 700wx Palm 750 Palm 755p Blue Palm Centro Palm M500 Palm Pixi Palm Pixi Plus Palm Pre Palm Pre Plus Palm Pro Palm Treo 650 Palm Treo 700wx Palm Treo 800w Palm Treo Pro Palm TREO-180 Palm Treo-270 Palm TREO-300 Palm TREO-600-GSM Palm TREO-650 Panasonic ALLURE-EB-TX310 Panasonic DURAMAX-EB-TX220 Panasonic G50 / G51 Panasonic G51U Panasonic G60U Panasonic G70 Panasonic GD55 / A100 Panasonic GD87 / GU87 Panasonic VERSIO-EB-TX320 Panasonic VS7 Panasonic X11 Panasonic X300 Panasonic X500 Panasonic X70 Panasonic X700 Panasonic X800 Pantech Breakout Pantech Breeze II Pantech Breeze III Pantech Breeze IV Black Pantech Breeze-C520 Pantech Burst Pantech C150 Pantech C3b Pantech C610 Pantech C630 Pantech Caper Pantech CDM-180 Pantech CDM8635 Pantech Crossover Pantech Crux Pantech Discover Pantech Duo-C810 Pantech Ease Pantech Element Pantech Flex Pantech Hero/PN-8300 Pantech Hotshot Pantech Impact Pantech Jest Pantech Jest 2 Pantech Laser Pantech Link Pantech Link II Pantech Marauder Pantech Matrix Pantech Matrix Pro Pantech Ocean Pantech Ocean 2 Pantech P7040p Pantech Perception Pantech Perception Pantech PG-8000 Pantech PG-C120 Pantech PG-C300 Pantech PN-215 Pantech PN-218 Pantech PN-320 Pantech PN-3200 Pantech PN-820 Pantech Pocket Pantech Pursuit Pantech Pursuit II Pantech PX-500 Pantech Renue Pantech Renue Pantech Reveal Pantech Slate Pantech Snapper Pantech Swift Pantech UML290 4G USB Modem Pantech UML295 LTE USB Modem Pantech UMW190 Global USB Modem Pantech Vybe PCD CDM 8950 PCD CDM-8975 PCD Chaser PCD Escapade PCD Razzle PCD Sprint Phone Connect Black PCD TXTM8 PCD Venture Black Pebble Steel Black Phone Connect 3 Plum Might Z513 Polaroid A4 Polaroid A5 Polaroid A6 Que 4.5 Que 5.0 REEF RIM BlackBerry 6710 RIM BlackBerry 7100t RIM BlackBerry 7105t RIM BlackBerry 7130e RIM BlackBerry 7230 RIM BlackBerry 8700g Rugged CAT S50 S275G Sagem MY-X-5P Sagem my301L Samsung 4G Mobile Hotspot LC11 Samsung A157 Gray Samsung A177 Samsung A580 Samsung Access Samsung Acclaim SCH-r880 Samsung Admire Samsung Admire Samsung Alias 2 Samsung Array Samsung ATIV Odyssey Samsung ATIV S Neo Samsung ATIV SE Samsung Axle Samsung Beam Samsung Beat Samsung Beat DJ M7600 Samsung Beat-SGH-T539 Samsung Behold Samsung Behold II Samsung BlackJack II i617 Samsung Blackjack-2-SGH-617 Black Samsung BlackJack-SGH-i607 Samsung Blast-SGH-T729 Samsung Brightside Samsung Byline R310 Samsung Caliber SCH-r850 Samsung Captivate Samsung Captivate Glide Samsung Character Gray Samsung Chianti Samsung Chrono Samsung Chrono 2 Samsung Cobra M320-Burgundy Samsung Code Samsung Comeback Samsung Comment Samsung Comment 2 Samsung Conquer 4G Samsung Continuum Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Convoy Samsung Convoy 2 Samsung Convoy 3 Samsung Craft Samsung Craft SCH-r900 Samsung D415 Samsung D510 Samsung D900 Samsung Dart Samsung Dart Samsung Delve Samsung Diane-Von-Furstenberg-Mobile Samsung DoubleTime Samsung Drift Samsung E105 Samsung E315 Samsung E335 Samsung E350 Samsung E635 Samsung E715 Samsung Emporio-Armani-M7500 Samsung Entro Samsung Epic Samsung Epic 4G Touch Samsung Epix Samsung Eternity Samsung Eternity II Samsung Evergreen Samsung Exclaim Samsung Exec SCH-i225 Samsung Exhibit 4G Samsung Exhibit II 4G Samsung F110-Adidas-miCoach Samsung F700 Samsung Factor Samsung Fascinate Samsung Fin Samsung Finesse r810 Samsung Flight Samsung Flight II Samsung FlipShot-U900 Black Samsung Focus Samsung Focus 2 Samsung Focus Flash Samsung Focus S Samsung Freeform Samsung Freeform 4 Samsung Freeform 5 Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform M Samsung G800 Samsung Galaxy 4 mini White Samsung Galaxy A3 (2017) Samsung Galaxy A5 Samsung Galaxy A5 (2017) Samsung Galaxy A7 (2017) Samsung Galaxy Ace Samsung Galaxy Ace 3 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace Style Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Amp Samsung Galaxy Appeal Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Avant Samsung Galaxy Axiom Samsung Galaxy Centura Samsung Galaxy Core Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Samsung Galaxy Discover Samsung Galaxy E5 Samsung Galaxy Exhibit Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate Samsung Galaxy Express 3 Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone Samsung Galaxy Express Prime Samsung Galaxy Gear Samsung Galaxy Go Prime Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy i7500 Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy J1 Ace Samsung Galaxy J1 LTE Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Samsung Galaxy J2 Samsung Galaxy J2 Prime Samsung Galaxy J3 (2016) Samsung Galaxy J3 Emerge Samsung Galaxy J3 V Samsung Galaxy J5 Samsung Galaxy J7 Samsung Galaxy J7 Perx Samsung Galaxy K zoom Samsung Galaxy Legend Samsung Galaxy Light Samsung Galaxy Luna Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 5.8 Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Samsung Galaxy Metrix 4G Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Samsung Galaxy Note 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Samsung Galaxy Note II Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Note5 Samsung Galaxy Note7 Samsung Galaxy On5 Samsung Galaxy Precedent Samsung Galaxy Premier Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 White Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Reverb Samsung Galaxy Ring Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro Samsung Galaxy Rush Samsung Galaxy S 4 zoom Samsung Galaxy S 4G Samsung Galaxy S Aviator Samsung Galaxy S Blaze Samsung Galaxy S II Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket HD Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy S III Mini Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Samsung Galaxy S WiFi 4.2 White Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung Galaxy S7 Active Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Samsung Galaxy S8 Samsung Galaxy S8 Active Samsung Galaxy S8+ Samsung Galaxy Sky Samsung Galaxy Stardust Samsung Galaxy Stellar Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II Samsung Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 7.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S White Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Tab4 7.0 White Samsung Galaxy TabPRO Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy View Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear Live Samsung Gear S Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gear S3 Classic Samsung Gear S3 Frontier Samsung Gem Samsung Gleam-U700 Samsung Glint Pink Samsung Gloss SCH-U440 Samsung Glyde Samsung Gravity 2 Samsung Gravity 3 Samsung Gravity Q Samsung Gravity SMART Samsung Gravity T Samsung Gravity TXT Samsung GT2 Samsung Gusto Samsung Gusto 2 Samsung Gusto 3 Samsung Gusto 3 Blue Samsung Haven Samsung Heat Samsung Highlight Samsung Highlight T749 Ice Samsung Highnote Samsung Hue II Samsung i400 Samsung i740 Samsung i8510 Samsung i900-Omnia Samsung Illusion Samsung Impact Samsung Impression Samsung Indulge Samsung Infinity Samsung Infuse 4G Samsung Instinct Samsung Instinct HD Samsung Instinct S30 Samsung Instinct s30 Touch of Copper Samsung Intensity Samsung Intensity II Samsung Intensity III Samsung Intercept Samsung Intrepid Samsung IP-830w Samsung IP-A790 Samsung Jack Samsung JetSet-R550 Samsung Jitterbug-SPH-A110 Samsung Katalyst T739 Samsung Katalyst-SGH-T739 Samsung Knack U310 Samsung LTE MiFi Samsung LTE Mobile HotSpot Pro Samsung Lucello Samsung M140 Samsung M220 Samsung M240 Samsung M300 Samsung M3200-Beat-S Samsung M330 Samsung M370 Samsung M400 Samsung M500 Samsung M510 Samsung M510 Pink Samsung M520 Samsung M575 Samsung M610 Samsung Magnet Samsung Mantra M340 Samsung Memoir Samsung Mesmerize Samsung Messager II R560 Samsung Messager III Samsung Messager R450 Samsung Messager Touch SCH-r630 Blue Samsung Mirage-i907 Samsung MM-A700 Samsung MM-A800 Samsung MM-A880 Samsung MM-A900 Samsung MM-A920 Samsung MM-A920 Samsung MM-A940 Samsung Moment Samsung Mondi WiMAX SWD-M100 Samsung Montage Samsung Muse Samsung MyShot Samsung MyShot II R460 Samsung Mysto Samsung Mythic Samsung Omnia Samsung Omnia HD i8910 Samsung Omnia II Samsung P300 Samsung Pivot Samsung Pixon-M8800 Samsung PM-A740 Samsung PM-A840 Samsung Precedent Samsung Profile Samsung Propel Samsung Propel Pro Samsung R225m Samsung R335C Samsung R375C Samsung R451C Samsung R455C Samsung Rant Samsung Reality Samsung Reclaim Samsung Renown Samsung Replenish Samsung Repp Samsung Restore Samsung Rogue Samsung Rugby Samsung Rugby 4 Samsung Rugby II Samsung Rugby III Samsung Rugby Smart Samsung S125 Black Samsung S150G Black Samsung S275G Samsung S336C Samsung S380C Samsung S390G Samsung S425G Samsung Saga Samsung SCH r451c Samsung SCH-A220 Samsung SCH-A310 Samsung SCH-A530 Samsung SCH-A570 Samsung SCH-A610 Samsung SCH-A630 Samsung SCH-a645 Samsung SCH-A650 Samsung SCH-A670 Samsung SCH-A690 Samsung SCH-A770 Samsung SCH-A790 Samsung SCH-A850 Samsung SCH-A870 Samsung SCH-A890 Samsung SCH-A930 Samsung SCH-A950 Samsung SCH-A970 Samsung SCH-A990 Samsung SCH-I600 / SP-I600 Samsung SCH-i730 Samsung SCH-i760 Samsung SCH-i830 Samsung SCH-N150 Samsung SCH-N330 Samsung SCH-N370 Samsung SCH-R200 Samsung SCH-R300 Samsung SCH-R400 Samsung SCH-R410 Samsung SCH-r470 Red Samsung SCH-r500 Hue Samsung SCH-R610 Samsung SCH-T300 Samsung SCH-U340 Samsung SCH-U340-Snap Samsung SCH-U410 Samsung SCH-U420 Samsung SCH-u430 Black Samsung SCH-U470-Juke Navy Samsung SCH-U520 Samsung SCH-U540 Samsung SCH-U550 Samsung SCH-U620 Samsung SCH-U740 Samsung SCH-U740 Alias Samsung Seek Samsung SGH A237-Blue Samsung SGH A777 Blue Samsung SGH T429 Samsung SGH-A107 Samsung SGH-a127 Samsung SGH-A137 Samsung SGH-A167 Samsung SGH-A187 Blue Samsung SGH-A197 Black Samsung SGH-A226 Samsung SGH-A227 Samsung SGH-A437 Red Samsung SGH-A517 Samsung SGH-A637 Samsung SGH-a657 Samsung SGH-A717 Samsung SGH-A727 Samsung SGH-A736 Samsung SGH-A737 Blue Samsung SGH-C207 Samsung SGH-C225 Samsung SGH-C416 Black Samsung SGH-C417 Grey Samsung SGH-D100 Samsung SGH-D307 Samsung SGH-D357 Samsung SGH-D407 Samsung SGH-D415 / SGH-D410 Samsung SGH-D500 Samsung SGH-D520 Samsung SGH-D600 Samsung SGH-D700 Samsung SGH-D720 Samsung SGH-d800 Samsung SGH-D806 Black Samsung SGH-D807 Grey Samsung SGH-D820 Samsung SGH-D840 Samsung SGH-D900 Samsung SGH-E105 Samsung SGH-E315 Samsung SGH-E316 / SGH-E317 Samsung SGH-E335 Samsung SGH-E360 Samsung SGH-E400 Samsung SGH-E600 Samsung SGH-E610 Samsung SGH-E630 Samsung SGH-E635 Samsung SGH-E640 Samsung SGH-E715 Samsung SGH-E720 Samsung SGH-E730 Samsung SGH-E760 Samsung SGH-E770 Samsung SGH-E840 Samsung SGH-E870 Samsung SGH-E880 Samsung SGH-E900 Samsung SGH-i250 Samsung SGH-i300 Samsung SGH-i320 Samsung SGH-I505 / SGH-I500 Samsung SGH-I700 Samsung SGH-N105 Samsung SGH-N625 Samsung SGH-P100 Samsung SGH-P107 Samsung SGH-P207 Samsung SGH-P400 / SGH-P408 Samsung SGH-P500 Samsung SGH-P705 Samsung SGH-P716 / SGH-P710 Samsung SGH-P735 / SGH-P730 Samsung SGH-P777 Samsung SGH-P850 Samsung SGH-Q105 Samsung SGH-R225 / SGH-R225M Samsung SGH-S105 / SGH-S100 Samsung SGH-S200 Samsung SGH-S300 / SGH-S300M Samsung SGH-S307 Samsung SGH-T101G Samsung SGH-T139 Samsung SGH-T199 Samsung SGH-T201G Samsung SGH-T209 Red Samsung SGH-T219 Chocolate Samsung SGH-T229 Samsung SGH-T239 Maroon Samsung SGH-T249 Blue Samsung SGH-T259 Samsung SGH-T301G Samsung SGH-t309 Samsung SGH-t319 Samsung SGH-t349 Samsung SGH-T369 Samsung SGH-T409 Samsung SGH-T439 Samsung SGH-T509 Silver Samsung SGH-T509s Plum Samsung SGH-T519 Trace Samsung SGH-T609 Samsung SGH-T619 Samsung SGH-T629 Samsung SGH-T639 Samsung SGH-t659 Samsung SGH-T709 Samsung SGH-T719 Samsung SGH-T809 Samsung SGH-t819 Samsung SGH-V100 Samsung SGH-V205 / V200 / V206 Samsung SGH-X105 Samsung SGH-X400 Samsung SGH-X426 / SGH-X427 Samsung SGH-X450 Samsung SGH-X475 Samsung SGH-X480 Samsung SGH-X495 Samsung SGH-X496 Samsung SGH-X497 Samsung SGH-X506 Samsung SGH-X507 Samsung SGH-X640 Grey Samsung SGH-X660 Samsung SGH-X820 Samsung SGH-X830 Black Samsung SGH-ZX10 Samsung SGH-ZX20 Samsung Showcase Samsung Sidekick 4G Samsung Slash Samsung SLM-SGH-A747 Blue Samsung Smiley Samsung Smooth Samsung Socializer B3310 Pink Samsung Solstice Samsung Solstice II Samsung SP-i600 Samsung SPH-A250 Samsung SPH-A400 Samsung SPH-A420 Samsung SPH-A460 Samsung SPH-A500 Samsung SPH-A520 Samsung SPH-A540 Samsung SPH-A560 Samsung SPH-A580 Samsung SPH-A600 Samsung SPH-A620 / VGA1000 Samsung SPH-A640 Samsung SPH-A660 / VI660 Samsung SPH-A680 / VM-A680 Samsung SPH-A740 Samsung SPH-A760 Samsung SPH-A820 Samsung SPH-A860 Samsung SPH-A960 Samsung SPH-I300 Samsung SPH-i325-Ace Samsung SPH-I330 Samsung SPH-I500 Samsung SPH-I550 Samsung SPH-I700 Samsung SPH-M300 Silver Samsung SPH-M500 Red Samsung SPH-M610 Samsung SPH-N200 Samsung SPH-N240 Samsung SPH-N270 Matrix Samsung SPH-N290 Samsung SPH-N400 Samsung SPH-P9000 Samsung SPH-S100 Samsung SPH-Z400 Samsung SPH/SCH-N300 Samsung Stratosphere Samsung Stratosphere II Black Samsung Stride R335 Samsung Strike T459 Lime Samsung Stripe T329 Samsung Stripe-SGH-T329 Black Samsung Strive Samsung Stunt Samsung Suede Samsung Sunburst Samsung Sway Samsung SYNC-SGH-A707 Samsung T105G Black Samsung T109 Samsung T119 Samsung T139 Samsung T159 Samsung T201G Samsung T209 Samsung T219 Samsung T245G Gray Samsung T309 Samsung T319 Samsung T339 Samsung T369 Samsung T401G Samsung T404G Samsung T439 Samsung T509 Samsung T519 Trace Samsung T528G Samsung T609 Samsung T619 Samsung T629 Samsung T719 Samsung T809 Samsung Tocco T919 Samsung Trance Samsung Transfix SCH-R730 Samsung Transform Samsung Transform Ultra Samsung Trender Samsung Trill SCH-r520 Samsung Trinity Samsung U370 Black Samsung U430 Samsung Ultra Touch S8300 Samsung Upstage M620 Samsung UpStage-M620 Samsung VI660 Samsung Vibrant Samsung Vitality Samsung Wafer-R510 Samsung Wave S8500 Samsung X495 Samsung Z500 Samsung Z510 Samsung Z540 Samsung Z700 Samsung Zeal Sanyo 7050 Sanyo 8400 Sanyo Incognito Sanyo Innuendo Sanyo Innuendo by Kyocera Sanyo Juno SCP2700 Deep Blue Sanyo Katana Sanyo Katana Blue Sanyo Katana DLX Sanyo Katana Eclipse Sanyo Katana Eclipse X Sanyo Katana II Sanyo Katana LX Sanyo Katana-DLX Champagne Sanyo Katana-II Cosmic Black Sanyo M1 Sanyo M1 Sanyo Mirro SCP3810 Sanyo MM-5600 Sanyo MM-7500 Sanyo MM-8300 Sanyo MM-8300 Red Sanyo MM-9000 Sanyo MM7400 Sanyo MVP Sanyo PM8200 / SCP-8200 Sanyo PRO-200 Sanyo RL-4930 Sanyo RL4920 Sanyo S1 Sanyo SCP-200 Pink Sanyo SCP-2400 Sanyo SCP-2400 Misty Rose Sanyo SCP-2700 Sanyo SCP-3100 Sanyo SCP-3100 Pure Silver Sanyo SCP-3200 Sanyo SCP-3200 Black Sanyo SCP-3810 Sanyo SCP-4700 Sanyo SCP-4900 Sanyo SCP-5150 Sanyo SCP-5300 Sanyo SCP-5400 / RL2500 Sanyo SCP-5500 / VM4500 Sanyo SCP-6000 Sanyo SCP-6200 Sanyo SCP-6400 Sanyo SCP-7000 Black Sanyo SCP-7050 Sanyo SCP-7200 / RL2000 Sanyo SCP-7300 / RL7300 Sanyo SCP-8100 Sanyo SCP-8400 Midnight Black Sanyo Taho by Kyocera Sanyo Vero by Kyocera Sanyo VI-2300 Pink Sanyo Zio Saygus V2 Sendo M551 Sendo S-251 Sendo X Sendo Z100 Sharp 903 Sharp Aquos Crystal Sharp Aquos Crystal White Sharp FX Sharp FX PLUS Sharp GX-10 / GX-10I Sharp GX-15 / GZ100 Sharp GX-20 / GX-22 Sharp GX-25 Sharp GX-30 / GX-32 Sharp Sidekick 3 Sharp Sidekick-LX Blue Sharp T-Mobile Sidekick - Tony Hawk Edition Sharp TM-100 Sharp TM-150 Sharp TM-200 Sharp Z-800-Audiovox-7900 Siemens A56 / A56I Siemens A60 Siemens A65 Siemens C56 Siemens C60 Siemens C61 Siemens C62 Siemens CF62T Siemens CF63 / CF62/CF62t Siemens CT56 Siemens CT66 / C66 / C65 Siemens CX66 / CX65 Siemens M46 Siemens M55 Siemens M56 Siemens M65 Siemens MC60 Siemens S40 Siemens S46 Siemens S55 Siemens S56 Siemens S66 Siemens SK65 Siemens SL55 Siemens SL56 Siemens SL65 Siemens SX1 Siemens SX56 Siemens SX66 Siemens U10 Siemens U15 Sierra 598 USB Modem Sierra USB Lightning 305 Sierra Wireless 250U Aircard Silver Sierra Wireless 4G LTE Tri-Fi Hotspot Sierra Wireless AC595 PC Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595 PC/Mac Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595 PCMCIA Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595U Sierra Wireless AC595U USB PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597 ExpressCard PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597E-PC-Card Sierra Wireless Air-Card-875 Sierra Wireless AirCard 402 Sierra Wireless Aircard-860 Sierra Wireless Aircard-875u Sierra Wireless AirCard-881 Sierra Wireless Mercury USB Modem Sierra Wireless Overdrive Pro Sierra Wireless Overdrive Pro Mobile Hotspot Sierra Wireless U597 Aircard Sierra Wireless Unite Sierra Wireless USBConnect Shockwave Sierra Wireless USBConnect-881 Sierra Wireless VOQ-A11 SKY 4.0 Sky 5.0L Sonim XP STRIKE Sonim XP5 Sonim XP6 Sony C1904 Xperia M Sony Ericsson C510 Silver Sony Ericsson C702a Sony Ericsson C901 Noble Black Sony Ericsson C902 Red Sony Ericsson C903 Red Sony Ericsson C905 Sony Ericsson D750 Sony Ericsson Equinox Sony Ericsson G700 Business Edition Sony Ericsson GC79 Sony Ericsson GC79 Cellular and WiFi PC Card Sony Ericsson GC82 Sony Ericsson GC83 Sony Ericsson GC89 Sony Ericsson GC89 PCMCIA PC Cell WiFi Card Sony Ericsson GC99 Sony Ericsson Idou Sony Ericsson J220 Sony Ericsson J300a Sony Ericsson K500 Sony Ericsson K510a Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson K600i Sony Ericsson K660i Red Sony Ericsson K700I Sony Ericsson K750i Sony Ericsson K770 Truffle Brown Sony Ericsson K790 Sony Ericsson K790a Sony Ericsson K800-Euro Sony Ericsson K850i Sony Ericsson M600i Sony Ericsson Mix Walkman Sony Ericsson P800 Sony Ericsson P900 Sony Ericsson P910 Sony Ericsson P990i Sony Ericsson R300 Antique Copper Sony Ericsson R306a Sony Ericsson S312 Dawn Blue Sony Ericsson S500 Sony Ericsson S700I Sony Ericsson S710A Sony Ericsson T106 Sony Ericsson T200 Sony Ericsson T206 Sony Ericsson T226 Sony Ericsson T237 Sony Ericsson T280a Sony Ericsson T290 Sony Ericsson T300 Sony Ericsson T306 Sony Ericsson T310 Sony Ericsson T316 Sony Ericsson T600 Sony Ericsson T606 Sony Ericsson T608 Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson T616 Sony Ericsson T61C Sony Ericsson T61D / T61LX Sony Ericsson T61Z Sony Ericsson T62U Sony Ericsson T630 Sony Ericsson T637 Sony Ericsson T68I Sony Ericsson T700 Sony Ericsson T707 Mysterious Black Sony Ericsson TM506 Sony Ericsson txt pro Sony Ericsson V800 Sony Ericsson W200 Sony Ericsson W300i Sony Ericsson W302 White Sony Ericsson W380a electric purple Sony Ericsson W395 Blush Titanium Sony Ericsson W508 Sony Ericsson W580i White Sony Ericsson W595 Sony Ericsson W600i Sony Ericsson W610 Sony Ericsson W705 Sony Ericsson W710i Sony Ericsson W715 Sony Ericsson W760 Black Sony Ericsson W800i Sony Ericsson W810 Sony Ericsson W850 Sony Ericsson w850i Sony Ericsson W890i Black Sony Ericsson W900i White Sony Ericsson W902 Sony Ericsson W910 Black Sony Ericsson W950 Sony Ericsson W980 Sony Ericsson W995 Progressive Black Sony Ericsson Xperia Arc Misty Silver Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Sony Ericsson Xperia X10 Mini Sony Ericsson Xperia X10 Mini Pro Sony Ericsson Xperia X2 Sony Ericsson XPERIA-X1 Sony Ericsson Z200 Sony Ericsson Z300a Sony Ericsson Z310a Jet Black Sony Ericsson Z500 / Z500a Sony Ericsson Z520a Sony Ericsson Z525a Sony Ericsson Z550a Sterling Sony Ericsson Z555a Black Sony Ericsson Z600 Sony Ericsson Z610 Airy Blue Sony Ericsson Z780 Sony Ericsson Z780 Grand Onyx Sony SmartWatch 3 Sony Xperia acro S Black Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia L Red Sony Xperia M Yellow Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia P Sony Xperia PLAY 4G Sony Xperia S Sony Xperia SP Sony Xperia SP White Sony Xperia T3 LTE Sony Xperia Tablet Z Sony Xperia tipo dual Classic Black Sony Xperia tipo Serene Black Sony Xperia TL Sony Xperia U Sony Xperia X Sony Xperia X Performance Sony Xperia X10 Sony Xperia XA Sony Xperia XA Ultra Sony Xperia XT Sony Xperia XZ Sony Xperia Z Sony Xperia Z Ultra Sony Xperia Z1 Sony Xperia Z1 Compact Sony Xperia Z1S Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z2 tablet Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z3v White Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Sony Z Ultra Google Play edition SpareOne Emergency Phone Spectrum 2 by LG Spectrum by LG Sprint 3G/4G Plug-in Connect USB Sprint Flash Sprint Force Sprint LivePro Sprint Phone Connect 2 Sprint Plug-in-Connect Trimode Sprint Pocket WiFi Sprint PPC 6700 Sprint Vital Sprint WeGo T-Mobile 4G LTE HotSpot Z915 T-Mobile 4G Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile 665 T-Mobile 665 Navy Blue T-Mobile 768 T-Mobile Comet T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord II T-Mobile Dash T-Mobile G-Slate with Google T-Mobile G2 T-Mobile G2x T-Mobile Jet 2.0 4G Stick T-Mobile MDA T-Mobile myTouch T-Mobile myTouch 4G T-Mobile myTouch 4G Slide T-Mobile myTouch Q T-Mobile Prism T-Mobile Prism II T-Mobile Rocket 3.0 4G Laptop T-Mobile SDA T-Mobile Sidekick 3 T-Mobile Sidekick iD T-Mobile Sidekick II T-Mobile Sonic 2.0 Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile Sonic 4G T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Wing Telson TDC-8100 Toshiba CDM-9950 / VM4050 Toshiba Excite 10 LE Toshiba Excite Pro Toshiba Excite Pure Toshiba Excite Write Toshiba TG01 Toshiba Thrive 16GB Toshiba VM-4050 Turing Phone UNIMAX MAXBravo UNIMAX MAXPatriot Unimax MXE-675 Unimax U671C Black UT Starcom PC-5740 UTStarcom 5740-PC-Card UTStarcom Arc-CDM-8074 UTStarcom Blitz UTStarcom Casio-G'zOne-Type-S UTStarcom CDM-220 UTStarcom CDM-7025 UTStarcom CDM-7026 UTStarcom CDM-7075 UTStarcom CDM-7126 UTStarcom CDM-8945 UTStarcom Coupe UTStarcom G'zOne UTStarcom Knick UTStarcom PC5750 PCMCIA PC Broadband Card UTStarcom PC5750-PC-Card UTStarcom PCS-1450 / CDM-1450 UTStarcom Quickfire Gray UTStarcom Shuttle UTStarcom Slice-PCS-1400 UTStarcom UM150-USB-Modem UTStarcom UM175 USB Velocity Micro Cruz 10 inch 4GB Black Velocity Micro Cruz 7 inch 4GB Black Velocity Micro Cruz T510 10 inch Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice Verizon 4G LTE MiFi 4510L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem UML295 Verizon Adamant Verizon Ellipsis 8 Verizon Ellipsis Jetpack MHS800L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi MHS291L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot Verizon Jetpack MiFi 6620L Verizon Wireless 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon Wireless Ellipsis Black 7 Inch Verizon Wireless Fivespot Global Ready 3G Mobile Hotspot Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect Verizon Wireless Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MiFi 5510L Verizon Wireless Turbine 7.0 Verizon Wireless USB551L Virgin Mobile Awe Visual Land Prestige 7Q Black Vizio VIA Phone Vizio VIA Tablet VK Mobile Kickflip vtech A700 Wikipad 7 inch tablet Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Xiaomi Mi 3 Xiaomi Mi 4i Xiaomi Redmi 2 Xperia ion by Sony YotaPhone 2 Zenum International Mobile Hotspot ZTE 4G LTE Router with Voice ZTE Agent ZTE Allstar ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Aspect ZTE AT&T Home Phone Connect ZTE Atrium ZTE Avail ZTE Avail 2 ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Avid Plus ZTE Avid Trio ZTE AWE ZTE Axon 7 ZTE Axon Pro ZTE Boost Max+ ZTE C78 ZTE C79 ZTE Chorus ZTE Citrine ZTE Compel ZTE Compel Black ZTE Concord ZTE Concord II ZTE Cymbal Z-320 ZTE Cymbal-T ZTE Director ZTE Engage ZTE Engage LT ZTE Flash ZTE Force ZTE Fury ZTE Grand S ZTE Grand S II ZTE Grand S Pro ZTE Grand S3 ZTE Grand X 3 ZTE Grand X Max+ ZTE Groove Black ZTE Illustra ZTE Imperial ZTE Jetpack ZTE Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot EuFi890 ZTE Lever ZTE LivePro ZTE Majesty ZTE Maven ZTE Maven 2 ZTE Max Duo ZTE MAX XL ZTE Memo ZTE Merit ZTE Midnight ZTE MSGM8 II ZTE Mustang ZTE Mustang ZTE Nubia 5S Mini ZTE Nubia Z11 ZTE Nubia Z5 ZTE Obsidian ZTE Optik ZTE Optik ZTE Overture ZTE Overture 2 ZTE Paragon ZTE Prelude ZTE Prestige ZTE Prestige 2 ZTE Quartz ZTE Rapido LTE ZTE Reef ZTE Salute ZTE Savvy ZTE Scend ZTE Score ZTE Score M ZTE Solar ZTE Sonata 4G White ZTE Source Black ZTE Speed ZTE Stratos ZTE Supreme ZTE Supreme ZTE Tempo ZTE Unico LTE ZTE Unite ZTE Valet ZTE Velocity ZTE Vital ZTE Warp ZTE Warp 7 ZTE Warp Elite ZTE Warp Sequent ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Whirl ZTE Whirl 2 ZTE Whirl 2 Black ZTE Z221 Black ZTE Z222 ZTE Z331 Black ZTE Z431 Black ZTE Z432 ZTE Z432 Black ZTE Z667 ZTE Z768 Midnight Blue ZTE Z990 ZTE Z992 Black ZTE Zephyr ZTE Zinger ZTE ZMAX ZTE ZMAX 2 ZTE ZMax Pro ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-day cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-minute cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid pay-per-month 200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid pay-per-month 400 cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-month 700 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Family Choice Plan cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1600 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 2200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 4500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 6500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 700 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless My Circle Family Choice Plus 1000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless My Circle Family Choice Plus 2000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless MyCircle Family Choice Premier 2200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless MyCircle Smart Choice 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 1400 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 2100 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 4000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 6000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 750 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 900 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom Unlimited cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 1200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 2000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 5500 cell phone plan details amp'd $100 National 3000 cell phone plan details amp'd $150 National Unlimited cell phone plan details amp'd $30 National 500 cell phone plan details amp'd $70 National 1500 cell phone plan details amp'd End The Boredom cell phone plan details amp'd Unlimited Forever Overdose cell phone plan details amp'd Unlimited Forever Overload cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 200 MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 250MB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 250MB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB for Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G LTE cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for 3GB for Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 250MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 3GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 250MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 3GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for BlackBerry cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for BlackBerry for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for iPhone 4S cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for iPhone cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for Smartphones 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for Smartphones cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for BlackBerry cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for BlackBerry for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for iPhone 4S cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for iPhone cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for Smartphones 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for Smartphones cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for BlackBerry for 4G Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for BlackBerry Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for iPhone 4S Personal Hotspot cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for iPhone Personal Hotspot cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for Smartphones 4G Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for Smartphones Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $2 Daily Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $25 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $35 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $45 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone 10¢ per Minute cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 250MB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 3GB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 5GB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 6GB AT&T GoPhone Smartphone $2 day Unlimited Talk and Text cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone Smartphone 10¢ per minute cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone Unlimited AT&T Mobile Share 10GB AT&T Mobile Share 15GB AT&T Mobile Share 2GB AT&T Mobile Share 300MB AT&T Mobile Share 50GB AT&T Mobile Share 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (10GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (15GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (1GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (20GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (2GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (300MB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (30GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (40GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (4GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (50GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (6GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 100GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 16GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 80GB AT&T Mobile Share Data 20GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Data 40GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Data 4GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Basic or Messaging 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Basic or Messaging 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Broadband cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone No annual service contract 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone No annual service contract 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone Two-year agreement 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone Two-year agreement 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Tablet cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Wireless Home Phone cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share with Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share with Unlimited Talk & Text 8GB cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 1350 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 2000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 4000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 450 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 450 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 6000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 900 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 900 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 1400 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 2100 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 3000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 4000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 6000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 700 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family Talk Additional Line $49.99 cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family Talk Additional Line $9.99 cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 1400 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 2100 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 550 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 700 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 1400 - NWCFT1400 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 2100 - NWCFT2100 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 3000 - NWCFT3000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 4000 - NWCFT4000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 6000 - NWCFT6000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 700 - NWCFT700 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Senior Nation 200 cell phone plan details AT&T Unlimited AT&T Unlimited Choice AT&T Unlimited Data with DIRECTV AT&T Unlimited Home Phone Calling cell phone plan details AT&T Unlimited Plus AT&T Viva Mexico 1350 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 1400 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 2000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 2100 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 3000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 4000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 4000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 450 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 6000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 6000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 700 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 900 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico Additional Line cell phone plan details | PhoneDog BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 250MB BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 5GB Boost Mobile $35 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $45 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $50 Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $55 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $55 Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile BlackBerry Daily Unlimited $3 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile BlackBerry Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Daily Unlimited $2 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Daily Unlimited $3 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Data Boost Boost Mobile Family Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Plan with Shrinking Payments Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Select Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited with Growing Data Boost Mobile Pay As You Go Phone 20¢ per minute cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Unlimited Starter Boost Mobile Unlimited Unhook'd Cellular One Local 3000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1500 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1600 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 2200 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 4000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 500 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 6000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 9000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National Workday cell phone plan details Cellular One Regional 2600 cell phone plan details Cellular One Statewide 400 cell phone plan details Cellular One Stop Counting Minutes - National Anytime cell phone plan details Cellular One Stop Counting Minutes - Statewide cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 1400 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 1800 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 400 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 800 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 1000 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 1500 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 600 cell phone plan details CREDO Mobile 10GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 15GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 1GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 2GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 3GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 4GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 6GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 8GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile Unlimited Cricket $25 Talk & Text cell phone plan details Cricket $40 Basic Plan or $35 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Cricket $50 Smart plan or $45 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Cricket $60 Pro plan or $55 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Alpha $30 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Battalion $160 4 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Bravo $35 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Brigade $240 6 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Charlie $45 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Delta $60 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Platoon $145 3 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Regiment $195 5 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Squad $110 2 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Xray $80 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Yankee $100 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Zulu $110 monthly cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1200 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 10000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 1100 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 1500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 2000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 3000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 3500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 6000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 1000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 1250 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 600 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 1300 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 2000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 3000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 450 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 750 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 900 cell phone plan details Einstein Basic cell phone plan details Einstein Extreme cell phone plan details Einstein Plus cell phone plan details Einstein Value cell phone plan details Einstein Wisconsin 1000 cell phone plan details Einstein Wisconsin 500 cell phone plan details FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 500MB GIV Mobile The 20 Plan GIV Mobile The 25 Plan GIV Mobile The 30 Plan GIV Mobile The 40 Plan GIV Mobile The 60 Plan Liberty Wireless 10 Cents A Minute Flat Rate cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Anytime 2000 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Anytime 800 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless My TopTwo Anytime 800 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless My TopTwo Unlimited N&W 350 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 200 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 350 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 650 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless True Liberty cell phone plan details MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Data, Talk and Text cell phone plan details MetroPCS $45 Unlimited cell phone plan details MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Data, Talk and Text cell phone plan details MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $40 plan cell phone plan details MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $50 plan cell phone plan details MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $60 plan cell phone plan details Net10 $35 Unlimited Talk and Text cell phone plan details Net10 $40 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $60 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $65 Unlimited International Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $75 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 1000 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 200 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 500 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Four People cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Three People cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Two People cell phone plan details Net10 Unlimited International Talk, Text, Data 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Family (2+ Lines) Net10 Wireless Home Phone Unlimited Nationwide calling cell phone plan details Net10 Wireless Home Phone Unlimited Nationwide plus International calling cell phone plan details NTelos $39.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $49.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $59.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $69.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $99.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $29.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $39.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $49.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $59.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $79.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $99.99 cell phone plan details NTelos NTELOS HomeFree Region - $55.99 cell phone plan details NTelos NTELOS HomeFree Region - $75.99 cell phone plan details Opex Wireless Nationwide 100 cell phone plan details Opex Wireless On-The-Fly cell phone plan details Pix Wireless $10 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $10 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $100 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $100 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $11 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $11 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $12 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $12 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $125 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $125 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $13 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $15 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $15 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $15 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $15 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $150 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $175 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $20 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $20 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $20 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $20 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $200 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $25 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $25 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $30 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $30 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $30 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $30 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $35 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $40 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $40 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $50 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $50 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $50 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $50 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $55 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $65 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $65 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $7 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $75 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $75 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $9 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $9 GSM Weekly Qwest Wireless Cross Country 1000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 1500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 200 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 2000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 2500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 3000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 750 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 1000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 1500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 200 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 2000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 2500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 3000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 750 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Unlimited cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $55 Mexico Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $55 Smartphone Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $65 Global Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Feature Plan $25 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Feature Plan $35 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Muve Music Plan $50 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Muve Music Plan $60 cell phone plan details Republic Refund Plan with 0.5 GB Republic Refund Plan with 1 GB Republic Refund Plan with 2 GB Republic Refund Plan with 3 GB Republic Refund Plan with 4 GB Republic Refund Plan with 5 GB Republic Wireless $10 Plan Republic Wireless $25 Plan Republic Wireless $40 Plan Republic Wireless $5 Plan (WiFi Only) Republic Wireless Base Plan Republic Wireless Clear Choice Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 10GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 4GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 6GB Data ROK Mobile Ultimate Unlimited Scratch Wireless Free Plan Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $1.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $14.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $6.99 Voice Pass Solavei Prepaid Unlimited SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $10 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $100 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $25 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $5 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $50 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $15 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $18 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $5 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $80 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $9 Sprint 100MB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 12GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 1GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 2GB Single Line Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Broadband Connection 12GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Broadband Connection 6GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Hotspot Connection 3GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 6GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint All-In Wireless Smartphone + Unlimited Sprint Basic Plan cell phone plan details Sprint Better Choice L Sprint Better Choice M Sprint Better Choice S Sprint Better Choice XL Sprint Better Choice XS Sprint Better Choice XXL Sprint Family Share Pack 10GB Sprint Family Share Pack 12GB Sprint Family Share Pack 16GB Sprint Family Share Pack 1GB Sprint Family Share Pack 20GB Sprint Family Share Pack 2GB Sprint Family Share Pack 32GB Sprint Family Share Pack 40GB Sprint Family Share Pack 4GB Sprint Family Share Pack 60GB Sprint Family Share Pack 8GB Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $15 per non-discounted phone 20BB-60GB options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $25 per non-discounted phone 600MB-16GB options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $40 per discounted phone all data options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Mobile Broadband $20 per non-discounted all data options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Tablet $10 per non-discounted all data options cell phone plan details Sprint My All-in cell phone plan details Sprint Phone Connect cell phone plan details Sprint Premium Data add-on cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $35 unlimited talk & text with 1GB data cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $45 unlimited talk & text with 3GB data cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $55 unlimited talk & text with 6GB data cell phone plan details Sprint Prepaid $60 Unlimited Talk, Text & Data Sprint Prepaid Unlimited Data, Talk & Text Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Sprint Unlimited Freedom Sprint Unlimited Freedom Premium Sprint Unlimited My Way cell phone plan details Sprint Unlimited My Way Family cell phone plan details Sprint Unlimited Single Line Sprint Unlimited Talk, Text & High Speed Data Straight Talk All You Need Straight Talk Unlimited Straight Talk Unlimited Plus International SunCom now T-Mobile America 1200 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 1800 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 2300 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 300 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 800 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America Unlimited cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 1250 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 2500 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 500 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional UnPlan cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile SunCom NEW cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile UnPlan Tri-Cities 2000 cell phone plan details SureWest Local Value - 2yr. - $29.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited - 2yr. - $33.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited California - 1yr. - $45.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited California - 2yr. - $39.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited USA - 1yr. - $49.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited USA - 2yr. - $44.00 cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice 2.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice Unlimited cell phone plan details T-Mobile Old Family plan cell phone plan details T-Mobile ONE T-Mobile ONE No Credit Check T-Mobile ONE Plus T-Mobile ONE Plus International T-Mobile ONE Plus International No Credit Check T-Mobile ONE Plus No Credit Check T-Mobile ONE Prepaid T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 10.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 12GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 2.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 4.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 6.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 8.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Pay As You Go T-Mobile PrePaid 1000 Whenever minutes $100 cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid 1500 Talk & Text (with 30MB of data) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Talk, Text and High Speed Internet (first 5GB at up to 4G speeds) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Talk, Text and Web (first 100 MB up to 4G speeds) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Text and 10¢/minute cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Text and 10¢/minute cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice T-Mobile Simple Choice 1GB 4G LTE Data plan cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 2.5GB Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 500MB Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice No Credit Check T-Mobile Simple Choice Prepaid T-Mobile Simple Choice Unlimited Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan T-Mobile Simply Prepaid T-Mobile Unlimited Family T-Mobile Unlimited Family T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text Telcel America 30 Days Basic International $29 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Plus Plan Unlimited $60 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Unlimited International Service $40 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Unlimited International Service $50 cell phone plan details Telcel America 7 Days Unlimited Plus Plan $20 cell phone plan details Tello $10 Pay As You Go Tello $10 Talk & Text Tello $10 Talk Only Tello $10 Talk-Text-Data Tello $11 Data Only Tello $12 Talk-Text-Data Tello $13 Talk-Text-Data Tello $14 Talk-Text-Data Tello $16 Talk-Text-500MB Tello $16 Talk-Text-Data Tello $17 Talk-Text-Data Tello $18 Talk-Text-1GB Tello $18 Talk-Text-Data Tello $19 Talk-Text-Data Tello $20 Pay As You Go Tello $20 Talk-Text-Data Tello $21 Data Only Tello $21 Talk-Text-1GB Tello $21 Talk-Text-Data Tello $24 Talk-Text-Data Tello $27 Talk-Text-Data Tello $45 Data Only Tello $5 Pay As You Go Tello $5 Talk & Text Tello $5 Talk Only Tello $50 Pay As You Go Tello $6 Talk & Text Tello $7 Talk Only Tello $8 Talk & Text Tello $9 Talk-Text-Data Tello Unlimited Talk & Text Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 200MB Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB Tello Unlimited Talk Only Teltik Business Unlimited Talk, Text, 2GB Data Teltik Business Unlimited Talk, Text, 6GB Data Teltik Business Unlimited Talk, Text, Data $50 TeltikOne Business Unlimited Talk, Text, Data TeltikOne Plus Business Unlimited Talk, Text, Data TeltikOne Plus International Business Unlimited Talk, Text, Data TextNow Wireless Grande Plan TextNow Wireless Quattro Plan TextNow Wireless Tall Plan TextNow Wireless Venti Plan The Verizon Plan - 100GB The Verizon Plan - 12GB The Verizon Plan - 20GB The Verizon Plan - 25GB The Verizon Plan - 30GB The Verizon Plan - 40GB The Verizon Plan - 50GB The Verizon Plan - 60GB The Verizon Plan - 80GB The Verizon Plan - L The Verizon Plan - M The Verizon Plan - S The Verizon Plan - XL The Verizon Plan - XXL Ting L Plan Ting M Plan Ting S Plan Ting XL Plan TPO Goodness to Go Big TPO Goodness to Go Low TPO Goodness to Go Mega TPO Goodness to Go More TPO Goodness to Go Plus TPO Goodness to Go Pro TPO Mobile Caring TPO Mobile Gentle TPO Mobile Hero TPO Mobile Infinity TPO Mobile Kind TPO Mobile Noble TPO Mobile North America TPO Mobile People's TPO Unlimited Goodness Global TPO Unlimited Goodness Gracious TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 30 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 40 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 50 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 65 Tracfone $19.99 plan - 60 units cell phone plan details Tracfone $29.99 plan - 120 units cell phone plan details TracFone 120 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 125 Value Plan cell phone plan details TracFone 200 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 200 Value Plan cell phone plan details TracFone 450 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 50 Family Value Plan cell phone plan details Tracfone 50 Value Plan cell phone plan details Twigby 1000 Minutes and Unlimited Texts Twigby 200 Minutes and Unlimited Texts Twigby 500 Minutes and Unlimited Texts Twigby Unlimited Talk and Text U.S. Cellular 10GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 10GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 12GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 12GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 14GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 14GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 16GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 16GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 18GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 18GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 1GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 1GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 20GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 20GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 2GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 2GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 300MB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 300MB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 30GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 30GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 3GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 40GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 40GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 4GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 4GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 50GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 50GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 6GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 6GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 75GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 8GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 8GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Family Talk & Text Additional Line cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Family Talk 1000 & Unlimited Text Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect 2GB Data, Unlimited Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect 500MB Data, Unlimited Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect Unlimited Data for Basic Phones cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Talk Only Pay-As-You-Go-Minutes cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Unlimited Data, Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Basic Phone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Home Phone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Mobile Hotspot cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Smartphone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Tablet cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Vehicle Monitoring cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Wireless Modem cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Talk 450 & Unlimited Text Plan cell phone plan details US Mobile 100 Mins Talk US Mobile 1000 Mins Talk US Mobile 1500 Mins Talk US Mobile 2000 Mins Talk US Mobile 250 Mins Talk US Mobile 300 Mins Talk US Mobile 500 Mins Talk US Mobile 5000 Mins Talk US Mobile 750 Mins Talk Verizon 100GB More Everything Verizon 10GB More Everything Verizon 14GB More Everything Verizon 15GB More Everything Verizon 16GB More Everything Verizon 20GB More Everything Verizon 2GB More Everything Verizon 30GB More Everything Verizon 40GB More Everything Verizon 4GB More Everything Verizon 500MB More Everything Verizon 50GB More Everything Verizon 5GB Verizon 60GB More Everything Verizon 80GB More Everything Verizon 8GB More Everything Verizon Prepaid Smartphone Plan Verizon Unlimited Verizon Unlimited Prepaid Verizon Wireless $60 Single Line Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 150 MB Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 150 MB Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 25 MB Data & Web with Mobile Email cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Basic 700 Minutes cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Basic cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Broadband cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Camera cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line plus Canada Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Smartphone cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Tablets cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk and Text Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk and Text Unlimited Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk Unlimited Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Data Only 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Data Only 8GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband 10 GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband 5 GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 5GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 5GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Basic 700 Minutes cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Basic Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Tablet Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything USB Modem or Jetpack Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide 65 Plus cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide 65 Plus Two-Line SharePlan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Messaging Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 1350 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 4000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 450 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 3000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 4000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Premium Family SharePlan 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text 450 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Unlimited Push-To-Talk cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $0.00 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $0.99 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $1.99 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $15 for 250 MB of data weekly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $35 ALLSET Plan (Basic Phones) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $45 ALLSET Plan (Basic Phones) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $60 for 3 GB of data monthly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $60 Monthly Unlimited Talk, Text, and 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $70 Monthly Unlimited Talk, Text, and 4GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $90 for 10 GB of data monthly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly 450 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly 900 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text 450 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text 900 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text Unlimited (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Unlimited (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid Verizon Prepaid cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid Verizon PrePaid cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Smartphone Single Line Plan Verizon Wireless Smartphone Unlimited Corporate Email & Web cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Corporate Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Corporate Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Data & Web with Mobile Email cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk BlackBerry $50 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk for BlackBerry $35 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk for BlackBerry $70 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go $25 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go $55 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go 100 MB for 10 days cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Data Love Virgin Mobile payLo 1500 Talk & Text Virgin Mobile payLo 400 Minutes Virgin Mobile payLo Basic Rate cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile payLo Unlimited Talk & Text Virgin Mobile Unlimited + International + Extra Virgin Mobile Unlimited + More Data Virgin Mobile Unlimited Data & Text Plus 300 minutes cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited Data, Talk, & Text cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything + International Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything plus International cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited plus International plus Extra cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Virgin mobile #5 cell phone plan details Number of Lines: - Any - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Minutes 500 Messages Data Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below. - Any -05KB50MB30MB100MB125MB150MB200MB250MB300MB334MB375MB400MB500MB600MB625MB700MB800MB834MB900MB938MB2083MB1250MB1667MB3750MB6250MB7500MB8750MB1GB1.5GB2GB2.5GB3GB4GB5GB6GB7GB8GB10GB12GB14GB15GB16GB18GB20GB24GB25GB30GB32GB35GB40GB50GB60GB80GB100GB120GBUnlimited - Plans Featured Farewell from Marco! Marco Hanna 4 days 10 hours ago Xiaomi Mi Pad 3 Tablet Review Beau Hamilton 1 week 4 days ago 4 shares 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 3 1 Alcatel A30 vs BLU R1 HD: Best Budget Smartphones Under $100 Beau Hamilton 2 weeks 3 days ago 8 shares 2 3 0 1 0 0 0 1 1 Samsung Galaxy S8+ Review: Bigger Is Not Necessarily Better Beau Hamilton 2 weeks 6 days ago 42 shares 38 0 0 0 0 0 1 2 1 More Featured Articles Official Smartphone Rankings People's Choice Expert's Choice Apple iPhone 7 2 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × LG Stylo 2 V 1 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Google Pixel XL 1 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × More People's Choice Latest Videos Samsung Galaxy S7 edge: One Year Later 10 shares 2 5 0 0 0 0 1 1 1 Android 7.0 Nougat on OnePlus 3T 12 shares 2 3 0 0 0 0 4 2 1 Best Tech of January 2017! 14 shares 10 1 0 0 0 0 0 2 1 More Videos This Week's "People's Choice Rankings" Best Smartphone   Apple iPhone 7 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   LG Stylo 2 V Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Google Pixel XL Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   LG X Style Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Google Pixel Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Recent news from our top carriers: AT&T News AT&T offering $10 DirecTV Now LG X venture is a rugged Android AT&T Galaxy S6, S6 edge, S6 AT&T to begin deprioritizing I’m not angry that apps to prevent AT&T 5G Evolution service now Samsung Galaxy S8 hardware won Sprint News Sprint planning for 5G rollout in Have you switched carriers to get Sprint Magic Box is an indoor Cell Phone Deals May 2017 Digest Sprint launches fifth Unlimited ZTE MAX XL packs 6-inch display Samsung Galaxy S8 hardware won T-Mobile News T-Mobile launching two iPhone T-Mobile Tuesdays celebrating one- Kyocera DuraForce Pro lands at T- T-Mobile Digits launching next T-Mobile tempting Verizon LG Stylo 3 Plus launches at T- T-Mobile LG G6 BOGO deal now Verizon Wireless Verizon launching new prepaid Verizon offering free Google Home Moto Z2 Play official with thinner ASUS ZenFone AR will launch at Verizon LG Watch Sport has been Cell Phone Deals May 2017 Digest T-Mobile CEO says Verizon network PHONEDOG PhoneDog Media is home to PhoneDog, Android & Me, TmoNews, and TodaysiPhone. The network receives 2.5 million unique visitors and 10 million pageviews each month, along with a combined three million video views on YouTube. While the name is jovial, the PhoneDog Media network offers up a wealth of written and video content to help readers make important decisions about mobile technology. Established in 2001, PhoneDog Media is a privately owned and operated company. PHONEDOG MEDIA FAMILY Phonedog - Cell Phone News TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog AndroidAndMe - Everything Android TodaysiPhone - iPhone News & Rumors Company Home Privacy Policy Term of Use Contact About Us Sitemap In-Depth Reviews Phone vs Phone Video Unboxings Apps & Games New Phones Phone Finder Compare Plans Phone Specials Long Distance © 2001-2017 PhoneDog, LLC. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved.
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Jun 04, 11:41 PM EDT Subscribe Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology Siri Speaker To Be Unveiled At WWDC, Apple Already Manufacturing Device Overseas — Report By Denisse Moreno On 05/31/17 AT 4:44 PM Close Apple has started manufacturing the Siri speaker overseas, Bloomberg reported Wednesday, citing sources close to the matter. The report comes after KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo said in May there’s a more than 50 percent chance Apple will unveil its Siri speaker at the Worldwide Developers Conference. Tuesday’s report said the device will debut as soon as WWDC next week, but the gadget will not be ready to ship until later this year. Read: James Corden Carpool Karaoke Apple Music Spinoff Debuts In August It was reported earlier this month that Apple employees were testing the Siri speaker in their homes for several months. The device reportedly entered an advanced prototype stage last fall.   Apple’s Siri Speaker Rumors, Features Bloomberg’s recent report said the device will have an engraving that will say: “Designed by Apple in California.” Here are more features that could be included in the Siri speaker: Read: Apple Will Introduce New MacBook Lineup At WWDC, Could Debut Revamped MacBook Air Better Sound Apple is looking to differentiate the Siri speaker from its competitors, including Amazon’s Echo devices and Google Home gadgets. The iPhone maker’s new device will offer “virtual surround sound technology and deep integration with Apple’s product lineup,” the report said. The company hopes advanced acoustics technology will propel the gadget above its competitors. Apple is testing speakers that generate virtual surround sound, greater volume and crisper sound than rival products. The iPhone seller also reportedly has considered including sensors that measure the environment’s acoustics and automatically adjust audio levels. Controlling Home Appliances Apple also wants Siri speaker owners to use the device for their homes by allowing customers to control appliances and lights through the company’s HomeKit system. The use of HomeKit potentially could lock in customers to Apple’s network and keep them from using Amazon Echo or Google Home devices for those tasks. Apple Music The speaker could also be a way to boost Apple Music subscriptions and steer consumers away from rivals, including Spotify and Amazon Prime’s streaming service. Apple has been pushing original content on Apple Music lately. The company is expected to release as many as 10 original shows and documentaries by the end of this year, including will.i.am’s "Planet of the Apps" and documentaries about hip-hop label Cash Money Records and music impresario Clive Davis. Apple might also let third-party services develop products for the Siri device, the report said. Apple Siri Speaker Price, More Rumors Kuo said earlier this month the Siri speaker will cost more than the Amazon Echo. He added the gadget will support AirPlay and will have a performance similar to the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6S. As of now, it’s not clear whether Apple’s speaker will come with a built-in display, like Amazon’s Echo Show, which was unveiled this month. Apple marketing chief Phil Schiller said recently he thinks voice assistant devices are beneficial, but that doesn't mean you'd never want a screen. If the Siri speaker is revealed at WWDC, it will follow Amazon’s Echo Show and the Echo Look, which were unveiled late last month. Join the Discussion Most Read The Newsletter Exclusive articles delivered to your inbox daily. Subscribe Related Stories 5 Expected Features Of Apple's Rumored Siri Speaker Google Assistant To Be Installed On 1 Billion Devices By 2021: Report Recommended Business Chevy's Bolt Is Being Beaten To A Pulp By Tesla's Model 3 The Chevy Bolt is the little engine that couldn't live up to anticipation from GM. Elon Musk's Tesla Model 3 is beating it into oblivion. Technology How Can We Stop Cancer Cells From Spreading? Researchers studying events that promote metastasis found it may be attributed to a new biochemical signaling process. World ISIS Claims Responsibility For London Bridge Attack London Mayor Sadiq Khan says he's too busy to respond to President Donald Trump's tweets about the incident that left seven dead and dozens injured. National Democrats Tired Of Clinton Blame Tour The former secretary of state has been speaking her mind about the Trump administration, but fellow Democrats say she should step aside. © Copyright 2017 Newsweek Media Group All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming Huawei Competitions Blenders Coffee Machines Cookers Dishwashers Fans Freezers More Fridge Freezers Fridges Garden Tools Irons Kettles Kitchen Gadgets Microwaves Mixers Ovens Personal Care Smart Home Steam Cleaners Toasters Tumble Dryers Vacuum Cleaners Washer Dryers Washing Machines Trending: Nintendo Switch OnePlus 5 iPhone 7 deals Galaxy S8 LG G6 iPhone 8 Home / News / Smart Home News / Here's how Apple's Siri speaker could defeat Amazon Echo and Google Home Here's how Apple's Siri speaker could defeat Amazon Echo and Google Home by Chris Smith 31 May 2017 0 shares Read Comments Apple has commenced manufacturing of its rumoured Siri-controlled smart speaker, according to reports on Wednesday, which also outlined how the device could better those currently on the market. Bloomberg sources say the Cupertino giant could, as previously rumored, choose to introduce the Amazon Echo rival less than a week from now during its Worldwide Developers’ Conference on June 5. According to the people ‘familiar with the matter’ Apple will be able to differentiate itself from the Echo and Google Home by offering ‘virtual surround sound tech’ and ‘deep integration’ with other Apple products. That last part appears to be crucial. As well as a home hub for HomeKit-enabled devices, Apple is also hoping this device will help keep customers ‘locked in’ to its wider ecosystem, according to the report. For example, the Google Home and Amazon Echo don’t support Apple Music, which may lead consumers to stream from Spotify, rather than sign up for Apple’s platform. This hardware could ward off that threat. Related: Amazon Echo vs Google Home The sources say the speaker will be louder and ‘reproduce sound more crisply’ than the Echo and Google Home, neither of which are too hot as standalone speakers. The company is also looking to tailor the audio to users’ living environments by adding sensors to measure room acoustics, according to today’s piece. If today's report proves accurate. Apple will also embrace third-party services through the Siri-controlled speaker, as it did within iOS 10 last year. Users will be able to book an Uber or send WhatsApp messages, the report suggests. In another interesting note, according to the report, Inventec, the company behind the recent release of AirPods is said to be in charge of the production. Has the delay in entering the market allowed Apple to get this release just right? Share your thoughts in the comments below. 0 shares Read Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2017, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE Foxconn Insider Leaks Details About iPhone 8, Apple Glasses, E-Ink Keyboard, Siri Speaker, More What We Expect Apple to Announce at WWDC 2017 Live Blog of Apple's 2017 WWDC Keynote Sonos Sale: $100 Off Sonos SUB, $50 Off Two PLAY:1 Speakers [Deal] The Robot Factory is Apple's Free 'App of the Week' [Download] iOS 11 Concept Features Updates to Siri, Control Center, Camera, Phone, More [Video] Google Hangouts Now Integrated With the Built-In Phone App on the iPhone Check Out This Gorgeous iPhone Pro Concept [Images] Adobe Releases Free 'Adobe Scan' OCR App for iOS [Download] Microsoft Introduces the Next Generation of Skype [Video] Drone Footage Shows Trees Inside Apple Park Cafe [Video] Apple Begins Decorating the McEnery Convention Center for WWDC 2017 [Photos] Apple Announces Swift Playgrounds Update With Support for Robots, Drones, and Musical Instruments Google Sheets for iOS Now Lets You Insert, Edit, and Change Chart Types Sony Prioritizes Apple CMOS Image Sensor Orders Plex Announces Support for Live TV [Video] Apple Announces Developer Earnings From the App Store Have Topped $70 Billion Apple to Debut Siri Speaker Next Week [Report] LIKE   TWEET   SHARE   PIN   SHARE   POST MAIL MORE Posted May 31, 2017 at 7:35pm by iClarified · 4606 views · Translate Apple is planning to debut a Siri Speaker at its Worldwide Developers Conference next week, reports Bloomberg. The iPhone-maker has started manufacturing a long-in-the-works Siri-controlled smart speaker, according to people familiar with the matter. Apple could debut the speaker as soon as its annual developer conference in June, but the device will not be ready to ship until later in the year, the people said. The Siri speaker will allegedly differentiate itself from the Amazon Echo and Google Home devices by offering virtual surround sound technology and deep integration with the Apple ecosystem. It will of course be able to control devices via Apple HomeKit and allow users to access Apple services such as Apple Music. As we previously reported, Inventec is said to have landed orders for the new speaker which reached an advanced prototype stage late last year. Sources say Apple employees have been testing the speaker in their homes for several months. In addition to generating virtual surround sound, the speakers are purportedly louder and more crisp than rival offerings. The company also considered including sensors that would measure a room's acoustics and automatically adjust audio levels. Notably, while Apple has questioned the utility of such a device without a screen and rival Amazon has just launched its Echo Show, Apple's speaker will not have a display, according to people who have seen it. Apple is also expected to unveil new MacBooks, new iPads, and a new Magic Keyboard at WWDC. Please follow iClarified on Twitter, Facebook, Google+, or RSS for more details on Apple's upcoming announcements. Read More Follow iClarified Comments (3) Add Comment Johan Otterström - June 1, 2017 at 7:39am As poorly as Siri works today they need to make major improvements on voice recognition.. Reply · Like · Mark as Spam Camfella62 - May 31, 2017 at 10:18pm "Notably, while Apple has questioned the utility of such a device without a screen.........Apple's speaker will not have a display, according to people who have seen it." Clear sign of a lack of vision! Reply · Like · Mark as Spam /) o.o (\ - May 31, 2017 at 8:26pm I'm looking forward to this! Reply · Like · Mark as Spam Recent Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder News Tutorials Answers Wizards Search Comments Bookmarks Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified Send Us a Tip Contact Us Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder, News, Tutorials, Answers, Wizards, Search, Comments, Bookmarks, Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified, Send Us a Tip, Contact Us Copyright © iClarified. All rights reserved. Privacy. Content.
Click to Skip Ad Closing in... Tech Entertainment Business Deals Science Politics About Hardware Image Source: Niels Epting It sounds like Apple’s Siri speaker will be worth the wait Yoni Heisler @edibleapple May 31st, 2017 at 4:17 PM Share Tweet With WWDC just around the corner, we’re just a few days away from Apple unveiling iOS 11 along with new versions of macOS, tvOS, and watchOS. While WWDC is typically a software-only affair, rumor has it that Apple at WWDC this year will have a slew of hardware announcements. In addition to a brand new edgeless 10.5-inch iPad and a refreshed MacBook line, there are rumblings that Apple will introduce a Siri-based speaker next week at WWDC. Don't Miss: Aerospace exec says aliens not only exist, they’re living on Earth right now According to reports which surfaced over the past few weeks, Apple’s Siri-based speaker will compete with Google Home and Amazon’s Echo. Feature wise, the product will reportedly incorporate Beats audio technology and will offer users a premium acoustic experience. As for how Apple’s offering might differ from existing smart speakers already on the market, there are rumblings that the device will feature a touchscreen, a design that Apple executive Phil Schiller arguably confirmed just earlier this month during an interview. “So there’s many moments where a voice assistant is really beneficial, but that doesn’t mean you’d never want a screen,” Schiller said a few weeks back. “So the idea of not having a screen, I don’t think suits many situations.” Additionally, a new Bloomberg report sheds some more light on how Apple may carve out space for itself in a market currently dominated by Google and Amazon. Specifically, the report relays that Apple’s Siri speaker will feature virtual surround sound technology and will be tightly integrated with the entirety of Apple’s ecosystem. Apple hopes that more advanced acoustics technology will give the speaker an edge over competitors, according to people with knowledge of the product’s development. Along with generating virtual surround sound, the speakers being tested are louder and reproduce sound more crisply than rival offerings, the people said. Apple has also considered including sensors that measure a room’s acoustics and automatically adjust audio levels during use, one of the people said. This is all very intriguing, but it remains to be seen if the acoustic features Apple might deliver will prove to be enough of a draw for users who might reasonably prioritize functionality over premium acoustics. In other words, a top of the line acoustic experience might be an altogether moot point if Siri performance can’t keep pace with what Amazon and Google are able to deliver. The upside, though, is that a Siri speaker will be able to incorporate larger and more advanced microphones which should help processing. What’s more, there are rumors that Apple at WWDC this year will introduce an enhanced version of Siri. On a related note, Apple is supposedly working on its own neural network that will reportedly help bolster Siri’s artificial intelligence capabilities significantly. With WWDC set to kick off this coming Monday, we won’t have to wait too much longer to find out. Tags: Apple, Siri View Comments Trending 1 Tech People are going to pay $880 for this ‘Pirates of the Caribbean’ Galaxy S8, sadly 2 Tech Rumor claims Apple’s MacBook Air line is dead 3 Tech Foxconn insider drops avalanche of information about the iPhone 8, new MacBooks, Apple’s smart glasses and more 4 Tech New leak sheds light on Apple’s secretive ‘smart glasses’ project 5 Entertainment NBA Finals 2017 live stream: How to watch Warriors vs. Cavaliers Game 2 online Picked For You NBA Finals 2017 live stream: How to watch Warriors vs. Cavaliers Game 2 online By Jacob Siegal 5 hours ago Rumor claims Apple’s MacBook Air line is dead By Yoni Heisler 7 hours ago The Galaxy Note 8 might launch sooner than we thought By Chris Smith 2 days ago Advertise About Contact Copyright 2017 BGR Media, LLC Powered by WordPress.com VIP | Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Rights | Terms Of Use ad
Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions Investing Ideas Picks and Pans Mutual Funds/ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Barron's Take Advisor Center Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Penta Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Next sign out Customer Center Newsletters & Alerts What are you searching for? Search Join NowAll Sections Sign InSearch Home Magazine Investing Ideas Advisor Center Market Data Penta Next VIEW ALL SEARCH RESULTS This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies for distribution to your colleagues, clients or customers visit http://www.djreprints.com. http://www.barrons.com/articles/android-vs-ios-are-iphones-really-safer-1496254475 Technology Android vs. iOS: Are iPhones Really Safer? In a new Apple ad, a thief breaks into “your phone” but struggles to get into an iPhone. Here’s how it plays out in the real world. By Emily Bary May 31, 2017 2:14 p.m. ET Text Size Regular Medium Large Apple wants to give you a new reason for buying the iPhone. The company’s latest ad campaign features a thief who’s able to break in and steal things from “your phone,” but the line gets drawn -- quite literally -- at an iPhone. In the ad, a thief tries to enter an iPhone space but gets rebuffed and quickly gives up. The iOS versus Android security debate has been playing out for years, but Apple thinks it has enough of an edge now to make it part of the iPhone’s marketing campaign -- a reason for consumers to switch, presumably from an Android device to an iPhone. We wondered how the iOS/Android security question plays out in the real world and dialed up an expert to find out. There are several reasons why iPhones are more secure than the various phones running Android software, according to Mike Johnson, who runs the security technologies graduate program at the University of Minnesota. Johnson has used both Android and iOS devices, but he has an iPhone because of its security edge. For one, the old rule about PC viruses seems to be holding true with mobile phones, as well. Android phones make up more than 80% of the global smartphone market, and hackers are more likely to succeed if they write programs for these devices, just because of sheer numbers. “Criminals are going to target the thing that provides them the most return,” Johnson says. Plus, he says, the process of “patching” security holes is easier on iOS devices. Apple’s iOS operating system only runs on iPhones, while Alphabet’s Android software runs on phones made by numerous manufacturers. It’s more complicated to deliver patches, or bug fixes, that work across so many device makers and carriers. Android can release a patch, but it won’t necessarily be available on all devices right away. “Fragmentation is the enemy of security,” Johnson says. There’s a financial way to measure vulnerability, as well. So-called “zero days” are exploits discovered by hackers and security researchers that remain unknown to the software developer. When developers don’t know about them, they can’t issue a patch. That makes the exploits valuable to the intelligence community, and government agencies will sometimes buy those zero days to monitor suspected criminal behavior. Last year, Wired magazine reported that one security firm was offering up to $1.5 million for the most serious iOS exploits and up to $200,000 for an Android one, a sign that iOS vulnerabilities are rarer. Every device is at risk, Johnson notes, and there will be malicious apps in the App Store in addition to, say, the Google Play store. But, he says, Apple “has the right and edge to say we are more secure,” because its users are ultimately less vulnerable to hacks. Whether the security angle will draw in more users remains to be seen. Ordinary users tend to pay attention to other factors -- like cameras and screens -- when they choose new phones. Both of which are likely to get big upgrades in the next iPhone -- and surely their own ad campaign. More from Barron’s Next Here Comes The iPhone ‘Supercycle’ China’s Waning Loyalty to the iPhone The iPhone 8: Does Price Even Matter? iPad or Surface? Consumers Make Surprising Choice Text Size Regular Medium Large Emily Bary emily.bary@Barrons.com • @emilybary Most Popular The Best Day to Buy Airline Tickets Wall Street Can’t Stop Asking About Fidget Spinners You Won’t Have to Wait for That iPhone 8 Canada Goose Scores A Direct Hit Join NowSign In Customer Center Membership Tools Also From Barron's Customer CenterCustomer CenterContact UsLive Help MembershipSubscribe to Barron'sActivate Your Digital AccessCollege Program ToolsEmail NewslettersVideo CenterWatchlist Also From Barron'sAdvertisingConferencesReprints Follow Us Download Barron’s Apps Apple iOSAndroid Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Your Ad Choices Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. Distribution and use of this material are governed by our Subscriber Agreement and by copyright law. For non-personal use or to order multiple copies, please contact Dow Jones Reprints at 1-800-843-0008 or visit www.djreprints.com.
Subscribe ▲ Learn more about Macworld's Digital Edition    🔎 Home News Reviews How-To Video Macs iPhone/iPad OS X iOS Apps Accessories Business Security Printers Network Storage Cloud & Services Hardware Business Software Entertainment Subscribe Resources Macs MacBooks Mac Desktops iPhones Blogs iPads Accessories Apps Audio Business Cameras Components Development Software Displays E-readers Home Theater iOS iPhone Accessories iPad Accessories iPods OS X Printers Networking Productivity Software Smartwatches Storage Styluses Security Printers Network Storage Cloud & Services Hardware Business Software Home Hardware News Apple registers new Mac and iPad model numbers abroad just days before WWDC More evidence has surfaced pointing to new hardware being announced during WWDC next week. Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. By Oscar Raymundo Staff Writer, Macworld | May 31, 2017 12:49 PM PT Credit: Adam Patrick Murray More like this WWDC 2017: Here's everything Apple is expected to announce on Monday New iPad rumors: Planned Apple Store outage on Tuesday—could it be new iPads? New 10.5-inch iPad may debut alongside Siri Speaker at WWDC Video WWDC 2017: Our Top 3 Predictions WWDC is typically a software show, but there’s now more evidence that Apple is planning to announce new hardware as well. According to information obtained by French website, Consomac, Apple has registered new model numbers with the Eurasian Economic Commission. The assumption is that these numbers coincide with new Macs and new iPads being announced at WWDC next week. Russia requires companies to register all new products that utilize encryption tools. Five model numbers (A1289, A1347, A1418, A1419, and A1481) belong to products running macOS 10.12, possibly a 13- and 15-inch MacBook Pro, a 12-inch MacBook, and perhaps a refreshed MacBook Air. However, MacRumors pointed out that these numbers don’t have the same AXX prefixes for current MacBook models. In addition, Apple registered four model numbers (A1671, A1709, A1670, and A1701) that corresponded to iOS 10 devices. This seems to corroborate the rumored launch of the new 10.5-inch iPad Pro next week. Consomac also discovered a model number (A1843) belonging to a spare part for the Mac, which could possibly be a new wireless keyboard.  The story behind the story: This is not the first time that we’ve heard evidence of potential new hardware coming out of WWDC. Bloomberg originally suggested that Apple was gearing up to launch three new laptops: A MacBook Pro sporting Intel’s Kaby Lake processor, a 12-inch MacBook with a faster CPU, and a 13-inch MacBook Air. We’ve heard reliable information about new iOS devices, as well. KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo told his clients to expect a new 10.5-inch iPad Pro model to complement the current 9.7-inch and the 12.9-inch models. To comment on this article and other Macworld content, visit our Facebook page or our Twitter feed. Related: Hardware Macs MacBooks iPad WWDC iOS Tablets Oscar Raymundo is a staff writer covering iOS and the host of 'The iPhone Show.' Follow You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon Macworld Macworld is your best source for all things Apple. We give you the scoop on what's new, what's best and how to make the most out of the products you love. About Us Contact Us Mac OS X Hints Ad Choices Digital Magazines Newsletters Privacy Policy RSS Terms of Service Agreement E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Macworld CATEGORIES Business Creative Entertainment iOS Apps Mac Apps MacCentral iPhone/iPad OS X Podcasts Video IDG Network Sites Advertise Careers at IDG Creative Lab IDG IDG Consumer & SMB Knowledge Hub Macworld|iWorld PCWorld TechHive Permissions Try Macworld Risk-Free Subscribe Now Follow us    Visit other IDG sites: Select One CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDG Connect IDG TechNetwork IDG.tv InfoWorld IT News ITworld JavaWorld Network World PC World TechHive The Industry Standard Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc.
Review: Elgato Eve Degree HomeKit Temperature & Humidity Monitor | iLounge iLounge Search NEW NEWS Sort by Category Recent Comments RSS Feed Submit News/Tip Archives Tim Cook speaks out on Trump’s decision… Apple expanding Swift Playgrounds to teach… Plex adds Live TV support Nuvyyo adds new Tablo Dual to its over-the-air… Apple’s ‘Carpool Karaoke: The… Regulatory filings hint at four new iPads,… REVIEWS + ACCESSORIES Recent Reviews Browse by Category iPhone Accessories iPad Accessories Apple Watch Accessories Speakers Headphones HomeKit Accessories Forum iLounge Books & Guides Submit a Product BlueLounge Quick Peek Smart Organizing Label… Elgato Eve Degree HomeKit Temperature &… 808 Audio Ear Canz Sport Marshall Monitor Black Bluetooth Headphones Mytek Brooklyn Digital-to-Analog Converter iWalk Watchman Backup Battery for Apple Watch,… FEATURES Ask iLounge Best of the Year Awards Editorials Features Interviews Tutorials Reports Backstage Top Five: The Best Products for Building… Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of… Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of… Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of… Inside the betas: iOS 10 Photos gets Advanced… Inside the betas: iOS 10 Music app delivers… GEAR Apple Watch Bands Bags Batteries Car Mounts Fitness Screen Protectors Joby GripTight Pro Video Mount Native Union Cosmos Edition Lightning Cables Twelve South RelaxedLeather for iPhone 7… Just Mobile Xtand Vent Twelve South Journal for iPhone 7 and iPhone… DODOcase Leather Card Case for iPhone 7 and… MAC Macs Apps Cases Speakers Cameras Furniture Decor Mounts Extras Kensington Laptop Locking Station 2.0 IK Multimedia Syntronik Aspyr Media Mafia III Satechi Type-C Pro Hub for MacBook Pro Bloop Airmail 3.2.5 Blizzard Entertainment StarCraft HELP! Help! Links Forums Ask iLounge Tips Tutorials Apple Support Links FAQs iLounge Books & Guides Company Directory Viewing and Managing all of your Apple devices… Capturing iOS and tvOS screenshots using… Checking the Weather in the Maps app in iOS… Sharing HomeKit Access Correcting your iPhone’s Pronunciation Opening a Playlist in a separate window in… DEALS iLounge Deals brings our readers exclusive deals on gadgets, iOS accessories, consumer tech software, e-learning, and more, with a wide range of products and new deals added daily. Daily Deal: Adonit Switch 2-in-1 Stylus &… Daily Deal: Pagico 8.7 Daily Deal: Moskito Smartphone App Controlled… Daily Deal: Sinji Panoramic Smart WiFi Camera Daily Deal: Glowbar Speaker Daily Deal: iKlips miReader 4K GALLERIES FORUMS iPod, iPhone & iPad Problems & Solutions Accessories iTunes & other software Filling Your Device Community Search Forums SHOP ABOUT US The Team Advertise Contact Us Submit App News Submit News Review Review: Elgato Eve Degree HomeKit Temperature & Humidity Monitor A- Highly Recommended Learn How We Rate Products Company: Elgato Model: Eve Degree Price: $70 Compatibility: iOS 10.3 or later Share This Article: By Jesse Hollington @jhollington ● 4 days ago Jesse Hollington Elgato was one of the first companies out of the gate with a lineup of sensors for the HomeKit ecosystem back in 2015; the company's Eve Weather and Eve Room sensors are still significant parts of our own HomeKit system, and have become even more useful as Apple has improved the automation capabilities of HomeKit. While Elgato has diversified into other Bluetooth HomeKit accessories such as light switches and outlets, the company returns to its roots with Eve Degree, essentially a redesigned and more elegant version of Eve Weather that not only reports temperature, humidity, and air pressure data to HomeKit, but provides an LCD display for viewing this information, and looks good while doing it. The first thing we noticed about Eve Degree is that it’s significantly smaller than we expected. While Eve Weather certainly wasn’t huge, Elgato has managed to shrink the size down of Eve Degree to about a quarter of that of its predecessor — 2.1” on each side and 0.6” deep — while still fitting an LCD display inside. This is probably also helped somewhat by the switch from AA batteries to a CR2450 coin battery, which Elgato promises offers about a year of battery life. There’s not much to the Eve Degree hardware; the face is dominated by a non-backlit LCD display surrounded on the sides by an anodized aluminum frame. On the rear you’ll find the battery cover, a button for switching modes or resetting the device, and a hole for mounting Eve Degree on a wall or other surface. Eve Degree also has the same IPX3 waterproof rating as Eve Weather, so you can mount it outside. The HomeKit pairing code is located on a sticker on the bottom edge, as well as in the accompanying quick start guide; the sticker can be easily peeled off once you’ve paired the device with HomeKit. Eve Degree works right out of the box as a simple digital thermometer/hygrometer thanks to the integrated LCD display; even without pairing it with HomeKit, the button on the back will toggle between displaying temperature in celsius, temperature in fahrenheit, and relative humidity. The device however also becomes immediately discoverable over Bluetooth for the usual HomeKit pairing process. While this can be accomplished through Apple’s iOS 10 Home app or any other third-party HomeKit app, this is a situation where it’s really best to use Elgato’s own Eve app as it provides the ability to set the elevation for accurate air pressure measurements — this can be dialed in manually or set automatically based on your current location. As a HomeKit device, Eve Degree works in exactly the same manner as Eve Weather, providing temperature and humidity information that can be viewed in Apple’s Home app or many third-party HomeKit apps, queried via Siri, or used as conditions or triggers in automation rules (so you could, for instance, adjust a HomeKit thermostat or turn on a fan outlet based on temperature). Unfortunately, HomeKit still leaves out support for air pressure data, so as with Eve Weather you’ll still need to go into the Eve app to see this information. That said, you’ll probably want to use Elgato’s Eve app anyway, as it also provides the ability to track environmental conditions over time in visual graphs by hour, day, week, or month, compare data from different time periods, and even export data so you can pull it into a spreadsheet or use it elsewhere. It’s worth noting that as with all of Elgato’s other Eve devices, Eve Degree uses a Bluetooth Low Energy connection, rather than Wi-Fi. This has the advantage of allowing it to be battery-operated, but it does come with some range limitations. That said, Bluetooth LE generally has a much longer range than traditional Bluetooth speakers or headsets, and we couldn’t find anywhere in our medium-sized house or even our back deck where Eve Degree couldn’t reach the Apple TV home hub in our living room; on the other hand, if you’re looking to use it farther out in your back yard, or you have a larger house, you may want to wait until some of the recently announced HomeKit Bluetooth range extenders become available. Taken purely as a sensor, Eve Degree doesn’t bring anything new to the table compared to Eve Weather — both devices can provide the same temperature, humidity, and air pressure information, and looking at the data or your iPhone you’d be hard pressed to tell the difference between the two. However, a major advantage of Eve Degree is the built-in LCD display that allows you to see temperature or humidity information at a glance without having to resort to pulling out your iPhone, and we also can’t understate how much more attractive the design of is either — it’s a significant improvement over Eve Weather’s more utilitarian look. Eve Weather remains a solid solution for anybody who just wants to collect weather data into HomeKit, but Eve Degree builds on that feature set with a more elegant device that lets you also see current conditions at a glance, eliminating the need for a separate digital thermometer/hygrometer. Further, now that Apple’s HomeKit technology has caught up with actually being able to use the information these sensors can provide to automatically control other HomeKit accessories, Elgato’s entire Eve sensor lineup has become eminently more useful. Comments Yes, I surmised the rule engine was just querying a value to compare against. I think part of the issue is that the Homekit rules engine on has an = and not an >=, or <= function as well. If I set a rule to turn on a fan when the temperature gets to 80 degrees, but when the rule is executed, the temperature is 81 degrees, then the rule would not be executed. After a lot of testing, I think this is why using distinct values in rules are not reliable. To get things to work I needed to created multiple rules. For Example, set a temperature rule at 80, 83, 86, and 87 and hope one of them will be executed. Posted by James B on 2017-06-02 10:27:18 I have run into this before, and I suspect you're right that it's a HomeKit issue, not anything specific to Elgato. Apple seems to have fixed these issues somewhere along the iOS 10 point release cycle, as it's definitely more stable and reliable now. That said, however, I think it also comes down to how the rules work which causes some of the problems. Elgato's Eve app takes care of the details, but what's actually happening under the hood is not a trigger for a specific temperature, per se, but a trigger for any change, paired with a condition that queries the actual temperature before running the rule. So it's easy to see how this can complicate things a bit. Posted by Jesse Hollington on 2017-06-02 09:55:39 Have you actually tested using temperature as a trigger in a homekit rule ? My testing, with the previous generation of this device, was using temperature, humidity, etc. as a triggers in homekit rules was a bit unreliable. Sometimes, it would work, and sometimes it just would not work. Using the same type of data in the iHome smart monitor was similarly unreliable. However, using motion as trigger in the Homekit rules, like Eve Door open motion, etc. was 100% reliable in homekit rules. So, I was assuming that the reliability issue was with homekit and not the actually devices. Posted by James B on 2017-06-02 07:42:04 Editors' Note: iLounge only reviews products in "final" form, but many companies now change their offerings - sometimes several times - after our reviews have been published. This iLounge article provides more information on this practice, known as revving. Related First Looks + Reviews iDevices Wall Switch iDevices Wall Outlet Koogeek Wi-Fi SmartSocket for Apple HomeKit PureGear PureSwitch HomeKit-enabled Wireless… Revogi Smart Lightbulb, Smart Lightstrip,… Elgato Eve Motion Recent Accessory News Report provides new insights into Apple’s upcoming Siri smart speaker Apple extends repair coverage on iPad Pro Smart Keyboards to three years for ‘functional issues’ Logitech reveals Slim Folio Bluetooth keyboard case for fifth-generation iPad Urbanears launches new lineup of Wi-Fi Connected Speakers Fabricate announces Nearbuds for AirPods Apple patent points to possible new Smart Keyboard with dedicated ‘Share’ and ‘Emoji’ keys Delayed BeatsX headphones to hit stores Feb. 10 Apple releases firmware 3.5.1 update for AirPods Rumor: Apple working on second-generation Apple Pencil Spigen AirPods Stand coming in mid-February Energous CEO says long-range wireless charging coming by end of 2017 New Griffin Home lineup includes app-enabled Connected Mirror, Coffee Maker, Toaster Kanex reveals GoPlay Sidekick wireless game controller for iOS devices, Apple TV Incipio’s OX case adds headphone jack to iPhone 7, 7 Plus Apple giving away Beats Solo3 headphones with some purchases for Chinese New Year Win Subscribe Buy ADVERTISE | CONTACT US Search Sign up for the iLounge Weekly Newsletter iLounge is an independent resource for all things iPod, iPhone, iPad, and beyond. iPod, iPhone, iPad, iTunes, Apple TV, Mac, and the Apple logo are trademarks of Apple Inc. iLounge is © 2001 - 2017 iLounge, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
Variety Continue to Variety () SKIP AD Variety Editions: U.S Global Asia Subscribe Today! Navigation Menu Film TV Digital Music Contenders Video Dirt Scene More Biz Legit Jobs Conferences Insight Archives Directory Choose Edition: U.S Global Asia Russia | My Account Sign In Subscribe Home Digital News Apple Started Manufacturing Amazon Echo Competitor (Report) Janko Roettgers Senior Silicon Valley Correspondent @jank0 Share This Article LinkedIn Email Print Talk Shutterstock May 31, 2017 | 01:01PM PT Apple has started to manufacture a smart, internet-connected speaker with the aim to take on Amazon’s Echo and Google Home, Bloomberg reported Wednesday. The speaker could be unveiled as early as next week at the company’s WWDC conference, but may not ship until later this year. Apple didn’t immediately respond to a request for comment. Apple’s speaker is going to use the company’s Siri assistant, and will be capable of controlling internet-connected appliances through Apple’s HomeKit platform, according to the report. The device will reportedly also offer simulated surround sound. There have been reports for some time that Apple may be ready to enter the smart speaker space, a market that has thus far been dominated by Amazon and its Alexa assistant. The company has been dabbling more actively in the audio space ever since it acquired Beats in 2014. In fact, Beats was already working on an internet-connected speaker when the company got acquired by Apple. That product was designed to more closely resemble a Sonos-like Wifi-connected device without a smart assistant, and was killed by Apple following the acquisition. Variety was first to report about that project in 2015. Apple has invited developers to its annual WWDC conference next week, where it is expected to also introduce new versions of iOS and OS X. However, industry sources have told Variety that the company likely won’t show off a new version of its Apple TV device until later this year. Filed Under: Amazon Echo Apple Siri Want to read more articles like this one? SUBSCRIBE TO VARIETY TODAY. Post A Comment 0 Music Katy Perry’s Manchester Outfit Made with Victims’ Photos TV Bill Maher Should Be Fired (Opinion) Film ‘Wonder Woman’ Makes History at the Box Office Dirt Angelina Jolie Buys Cecil B. DeMille’s Estate at Record Price Whoopi Goldberg, Morgan Spurlock, Jason Blum Among Academy Candidates for Board of Governors Election Emmy Contenders: Time to Shake Up Lead Actor Races Emmy Preview: Stephen Colbert Will Bring Political Heat to Hosting Gig Could a Perfect Storm Help Push Elisabeth Moss to Her First Emmy Win? Variety Jobs Creative Development Coordinator Triptyk Studios, New York, New York Account/Project Coordinator (Ad Agency) Petrol Advertising, Burbank, California Media Specialist Bridgewater Associates, Westport, Connecticut Executive Director, Aspen Film Company Confidential, Aspen, Colorado Associate Director, YouTuber & Gamer Partnerships Save the Children, Fairfield, Connecticut See More Jobs Marketplace Leave a Reply No Comments Cancel reply Comments are moderated. They may be edited for clarity and reprinting in whole or in part in Variety publications. Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. More Digital News from Variety The Power of Content Get That Red Carpet Glow With These Plant-Based Beauty… 'The Leftovers' Finale: Damon Lindelof & Justin Theroux On What… Pippa Middleton's Chic Australian Honeymoon Sandals Are Now On… Fear TWD Showrunner Breaks Down [Spoiler]'s 'Inevitable' Demise… 'Silicon Valley' Review: Richard and Jared Tap Into Their Darker… Subscribe to Variety Today! All The Ways to Get Variety Online Subscription Print Subscription Mobile Apps Newsletters News Alerts Archives Slanguage Dictionary Help Other Variety Products Media: Variety 411 Research & Data: Variety Insight Archives Premium Email Alerts Real Estate Jobs Access the best entertainment industry data available View the Variety archives dating back to 1905 Get News Delivered To Your Inbox Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights Terms of Use About Us Advertise Contact Us Google+ The Power of Content Deadline india.com Hollywoodlife TV Line GOLDDERBY WWD Footwearnews © Copyright 2017 Variety Media, LLC, a subsidiary of Penske Business Media, LLC. Variety and the Flying V logos are trademarks of Variety Media, LLC. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Variety411: Your production services resource ad
Apps iPhone Apps iPad Apps Mac Apps Apple TV Apps Apple Watch Apps The Best Apps Tutorials Jailbreak Jailbreak Tweaks Jailbreak Guide Unlock Guide Deals Latest Deals Devices iPhone iPad Mac Apple Watch Apple TV More Download Wallpapers iPhone Photography Expert Tips Podcasts Apple’s begun manufacturing its Siri speaker ahead of WWDC Christian Zibreg on May 31, 2017 7 Apple has started manufacturing its Siri speaker ahead of the WWDC keynote next week. Bloomberg’s Mark Gurman has learned from people familiar with the matter that the new smart home appliance won’t be ready to ship until later in the year. However, Apple could debut the gadget during next Monday’s keynote presentation at WWDC. People who have seen it told Bloomberg that the product won’t have a touchscreen, unlike what KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo speculated. Taipei-based AirPods manufacturer Inventec has been tapped as the sole manufacturer of the Siri speaker. Bloomberg previously reported that Apple employees have been secretly testing the device in their homes for several months. The forthcoming Siri gadget reached an advanced prototype stage late last year. Apple is reportedly seeking to differentiate the Siri speaker from Amazon Echo and Google Home by offering virtual surround sound technology, Apple Music and other integrations. The Siri speaker would also act as a HomeKit hub to let users remotely control smart home appliances such as lights, door locks and window blinds, a feature that currently requires either a fourth-generation Apple TV or an iPad. Here’s an excerpt form the article: Along with generating virtual surround sound, the speakers being tested are louder and reproduce sound more crisply than rival offerings, sources in the know said. Apple has also considered including sensors that measure a room’s acoustics and automatically adjust audio levels during use, one of the people said. “This will be a platform for developing Apple’s services,” says Gene Munster of Loup Ventures. Gurman speculated the Siri device could be tucked into Apple’s $11 billion “Other Products” category along with other devices like Apple Watch, Apple TV, AirPods and Beats accessories. Apple declined to comment. Siri speaker mockup via iFunnyVlogger on Twitter. Tagged: Accessories AI Apple Bloomberg Manufacturing News Production Siri Speakers WWDC WWDC 2017 MORE FROM iDB Bloomberg: Apple employees are testing rumored Siri smart speaker at home Bloomberg: upgraded MacBook lineup coming at WWDC next month AirPods manufacturer Inventec reportedly lands orders for Apple’s rumored Echo rival Dennis Von Dutch Starting to get very curious. Kurt I believe you guys have stated it before but Siri is definitely going to have to be improved for it to beat Alexa. In my opinion Alexa is more advance and more witty and playful whereas siri can tend to me dull and boring at times, I do like that you would be able to use Apple Music. I guess we will have to wait and see how it turns out! Rowan09 According the another article Siri and Alexa are pretty much the same. Google Assistant and Cortana both beat them. Mark S Don’t care about alexa or this thing. People are way too obsessed with the latest new technology and having to have everything that comes out because they can’t find something better to do with their disposable cash. Joshua Ventura If you can’t afford it, stop complaining. Kurt Then why are you on a tech blog? haha Giving you a hard time but I do find it funny Iskren Donev My Apple Home (or whatever they call it) wishlist: – Siri functionality internationally – right now I cannot use Siri on my Apple TV 4 in Bulgaria. – AirTunes functionality (pretty much a given) – AirPort functionality – basically I want to be able to use Apple Home as my wireless router. Some more pie-in-the-sky hopes: – Have Apple Home actually be the next Apple TV, maybe just rebranded. Meaning it could be plugged into a TV, run 4K content and run tvOS. Featured Latest Jailbreak tweaks of the week: Charge, TouchBar, & more… Halide, Clarity, Adobe Scan, and other apps to check out this weekend How to live stream WWDC 2017 on iPhone, iPad, Apple TV, Mac, Windows, and Android Daily Deals: 20% off PlayStation Plus membership, 10% off Uber gift card, and more Mad Max, Pulp Fiction and other iTunes movies on sale right now How to track your sleep using your iPhone and Apple Watch WWDC 2017 wallpapers and logo pack Jailbreak tweaks of the week: Charge, TouchBar, & more… WWDC 2017, rumors of Siri speaker, new Macs, and other top stories this week on iDB Apple to announce Siri support for larger variety of apps at WWDC Jailbreak News Jailbreak tweaks of the week: Charge, TouchBar, & more… New jailbreak tweak brings a MacBook Pro-style Touch Bar to your iPhone Hide stuff from your Lock screen with LSHiddenTools10 JailbreakersUnite: a new conference that aims to bring jailbreak community members together SaveBot lets you save videos from your timeline in Tweetbot Apps How to track your sleep using your iPhone and Apple Watch Apple to announce Siri support for larger variety of apps at WWDC Halide, Clarity, Adobe Scan, and other apps to check out this weekend Can Facebook win over the Snapchat audience with purported teen-centric Talk app? Apple’s free app of the week: The Robot Factory Accessories 10.5″ iPad Pro screen protector surfaces ahead of rumored WWDC announcement Nike’s new sneaker-matching Apple Watch bands now available for purchase Twelve South’s BookArc stand for Apple notebooks now available in Space Gray Apple’s begun manufacturing its Siri speaker ahead of WWDC Elgato debuts Eve Degree HomeKit sensor [video review] Deals Instant Snap-On Smart Wall Outlets for $16 Daily Burn: Premium Membership for $99 10-Ft MFi-Certified Lightning Cable: 3-Pack for $16 Newsletter Get updates directly into your inbox. Subscribe Download the iDB app About | Contact | Advertise | Disclosure | Privacy Policy 2017 © iDownloadBlog.com - This website is not affiliated with Apple. Home Apps Tutorials Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Downloads Wallpapers Accessories Deals Podcasts Write for iDB Contact Us
Apps iPhone Apps iPad Apps Mac Apps Apple TV Apps Apple Watch Apps The Best Apps Tutorials Jailbreak Jailbreak Tweaks Jailbreak Guide Unlock Guide Deals Latest Deals Devices iPhone iPad Mac Apple Watch Apple TV More Download Wallpapers iPhone Photography Expert Tips Podcasts Apple is giving away popular platformer Chameleon Run via Apple Store app Christian Zibreg on May 31, 2017 3 Chameleon Run, the popular auto runner by developer Noodlecake Studios, is now available at no charge for the next two weeks but only through the official Apple Store app. On App Store, the game currently sells for $0.99. If you haven’t had a chance to grab Chameleon Run back in February when Apple featured it on App Store as part of its weekly Free App of the Week promotion, download the official Apple Store app now to claim your free copy of this awesome platformer with a colorful twist. This promotion will expire on June 15, 2017. Featuring smooth execution, this fast-paced auto runner requires you to switch your character’s color to match the ground as you run and jump from platform to platform. The game’s expertly crafted levels “will have you running back for more”. Chameleon Run features pixel-perfect physics, simple two-button controls, fun jumping mechanics with special moves (i.e. “double jump”, “head jump” and so forth), non-linear levels with three special objectives in each one and other perks. It plays especially well on the fourth-generation Apple TV. To claim your free copy of Chameleon Run, first download the official Apple Store app. Next, launch the Apple Store app and tap the Discover tab at the bottom. Scroll halfway down until you spot the Chameleon Run offer, then tap “Download now for free”. You should see an overlay offering basic information about the game. Tap the blue Download Now For Free button at the bottom to continue. You’ll be asked if you’d like to finish redeeming your gift in App Store. Hit Continue to bring up the game’s App Store page, then hit Redeem to claim your free copy of Chameleon Run. Once you’ve successfully redeemed the promo code, hit Done. The game should begin downloading to your device. Chameleon Run supports iPhone, iPad, iPod touch and Apple TV. As always, you can use the App Store’s Purchased section to re-download the game to your Apple TV and other iOS devices using the same Apple ID. Keep in mind that you must use the Apple Store app in order to grab this freebie. On App Store, Chameleon Run is currently 99 cents after a fifty percent discount, valid for one week only. Tagged: Apple Apple Store Free Games iPad iPhone iPod Touch News Promotion MORE FROM iDB Download Panols free via Apple Store app to create stunning panoramas for Instagram Apple’s free app of the week: Toca Hair Salon 2 Apple gives away Brushstroke painting effects app roy leibov Thank you! Kurt I wish I would have saw this earlier, I paid for it a couple hours ago! Bummer! :D This was the app of the week a few months the ago It’s a really fun game but it needs more levels Featured Latest Jailbreak tweaks of the week: Charge, TouchBar, & more… Halide, Clarity, Adobe Scan, and other apps to check out this weekend How to live stream WWDC 2017 on iPhone, iPad, Apple TV, Mac, Windows, and Android Daily Deals: 20% off PlayStation Plus membership, 10% off Uber gift card, and more Mad Max, Pulp Fiction and other iTunes movies on sale right now How to track your sleep using your iPhone and Apple Watch WWDC 2017 wallpapers and logo pack Jailbreak tweaks of the week: Charge, TouchBar, & more… WWDC 2017, rumors of Siri speaker, new Macs, and other top stories this week on iDB Apple to announce Siri support for larger variety of apps at WWDC Jailbreak News Jailbreak tweaks of the week: Charge, TouchBar, & more… New jailbreak tweak brings a MacBook Pro-style Touch Bar to your iPhone Hide stuff from your Lock screen with LSHiddenTools10 JailbreakersUnite: a new conference that aims to bring jailbreak community members together SaveBot lets you save videos from your timeline in Tweetbot Apps How to track your sleep using your iPhone and Apple Watch Apple to announce Siri support for larger variety of apps at WWDC Halide, Clarity, Adobe Scan, and other apps to check out this weekend Can Facebook win over the Snapchat audience with purported teen-centric Talk app? Apple’s free app of the week: The Robot Factory Accessories 10.5″ iPad Pro screen protector surfaces ahead of rumored WWDC announcement Nike’s new sneaker-matching Apple Watch bands now available for purchase Twelve South’s BookArc stand for Apple notebooks now available in Space Gray Apple’s begun manufacturing its Siri speaker ahead of WWDC Elgato debuts Eve Degree HomeKit sensor [video review] Deals Instant Snap-On Smart Wall Outlets for $16 Daily Burn: Premium Membership for $99 10-Ft MFi-Certified Lightning Cable: 3-Pack for $16 Newsletter Get updates directly into your inbox. Subscribe Download the iDB app About | Contact | Advertise | Disclosure | Privacy Policy 2017 © iDownloadBlog.com - This website is not affiliated with Apple. Home Apps Tutorials Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Downloads Wallpapers Accessories Deals Podcasts Write for iDB Contact Us
Wednesday, May 31, 2017 [Tweets] [Favorites] A Year of Google Maps & Apple Maps Justin O’Beirne (Hacker News): According to Google Analytics, that essay has received more than 1,000 hits from computers on Apple’s corporate network, mainly Apple’s Sunnyvale and Cupertino campuses. Yet nearly a year later, Patricia’s Green still isn’t green. […] Google has distinct locations for each. But Apple plots them at the same location... […] ...and as the months pass by, Apple cycles through all three – padding our addition/removal counts[…] […] Speaking of place labels, did you notice that halfway through the year, Google’s changed in appearance? […] And in addition to the color changes, Google also flattened the map – eliminating the coastline dropshadows it had added just a couple years ago and removing most of the road casings[…] […] And speaking of places, Google has also been increasing the variety of places it shows. Nick Heer: I hope Apple’s on-the-ground data collection indicates that they’re pushing for a big improvement soon. But, while they may be working really hard, Google’s designers and engineers aren’t twiddling their thumbs either, and Google is starting with a much stronger base. This article is so good that Apple could almost use it as a todo list. And they probably should. O’Beirne was apparently the “Head of Cartography” at Apple, but given this essay and the one last year, it sounds like he no longer works there. Apple Maps Design Google Maps iOS iOS 10 Mac macOS 10.12 Sierra Maps Comments Stay up-to-date by subscribing to the Comments RSS Feed for this post. Leave a Comment Name E-mail (will not be published) Web site ←   Blog Archives Tag Cloud RSS RSS Comments Trackback Try my apps: DropDMG EagleFiler SpamSieve Copyright © 2000–2017 Michael Tsai.
Edition: India     HOME NATIONAL WORLD SPORTS POLITICS BUSINESS PEOPLE SCITECH Science  • Technology •  Computer Industry Internet newsR > Technology > Apple Music to stream Carpool Karaoke: The Series every Tuesday from August 8 Apple Music to stream Carpool Karaoke: The Series every Tuesday from August 8 Wednesday, 31 May 2017 (5 days ago) Carpool Karaoke: The Series is all set to stream on Apple Music from Tuesday, August 8 onwards. Apple today announced that Carpool Karaoke: The Series will come with some of the biggest names from the entertainment industry singing songs and chatting while taking a trip around streets will be available to all the Apple Music subscribers in more than 100 countries. If you have a knack for watching viral videos online, then you must have seen the Carpool Karaoke with James Corden videos where a Hollywood celebrity joins him to sing songs and have a candid conversation while riding in a car. Carpool Karaoke: The Series is a new entertainment show based on Emmy-winning The Late Late Show with James Corden, produced for » View on web 0 shares Share on FacebookShare on TwitterPost on  RedditShare by Email   Source: Wochit Headline News - 5 days ago< > Embed When Is "Carpool Karaoke" Coming To Apple Music? 00:41 Apple announced that its streaming service will release its adaptation of James Corden's "Carpool Karaoke" on August 8. This is the company's first move into orginal video for Apple Music. The series will be available to subscribers who pay $9.99 a month for the streaming service. Apple first... You Might Like Recent related news Apple Music to release 'Carpool Karaoke' on August 8Apple Inc's Apple Music streaming service will release its adaptation of comedian James Corden's "Carpool Karaoke" to subscribers beginning on Aug. 8, the... DNA 5 days ago - Front PageAlso reported by •Reuters India Other recent news in Technology UK Prime Minister Theresa May calls for internet regulations following LONDON attacks News24.com | AFTER LONDON attack, Theresa May says Britain must contain extremism SOUTH KOREA turns its back on coal and nuclear power This $600 device will give your MACBOOK PRO the power boost you need to play the latest video games Nobody wants this mansion near SAN FRANCISCO's 'Billionaire Row' that's on sale for $29 million Police ask people not to share London Bridge and BOROUGH MARKET attack footage on social media FACEBOOK wants to be 'hostile' to terrorists Twitter newsR Apple Music to stream Carpool Karaoke: The Series every Tuesday from August 8: Carpool Karaoke: The Series is all.. https://t.co/VvPIUY2VVD 2 days ago BGR India .@AppleMusic to stream Carpool Karaoke: The Series every Tuesday from August 8 https://t.co/JDiDrgD88t… https://t.co/rk3MF9Hta6 2 days ago Facebook Page People Donald Trump Current Topics Saudi Arabia Bareilly Susan Rice Bandipora London Attacks Spotlight 📺 Live TV Movie Reviews Staff Stories Google Are Moving Home - And Its Design Is A Bit Of A Stretch How Long Has Trump Been Vocal About Global Warming? Check His Twitter History Bad News For Shyamalan Fans - His TV Reboot's Been Canned Which Classic TV Show Is Heading Back To The Big Screen..? Again? What Is 'COVFEFE', And What Does It Have To Do With Trump? Kathy Griffin's Trump Photo Causes A Stir - And Severs Her Ties With CNN Corbyn Bites Back - Was His Debate Decision The Killer Move Labour Need? MOVIE REVIEW: Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales Environmentally friendly: newsR is hosted on servers powered solely by renewable energy © 2017 newsR / One News Page Ltd. All Rights Reserved.  |  About us  |  Disclaimer  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Privacy Policy  |  Content Accreditation  RSS  |  News for my Website  |  Free news search widget  |  Help  |  Contact us  |  DMCA / Content Removal How are we doing? Send us your feedback  |   LIKE us on Facebook   FOLLOW us on Twitter
By using this service and related content, you agree to the use of cookies for analytics, personalised content and ads. Learn more msn back to msn home entertainment search entertainment search entertainment web search Sign in Change language and content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Feedback Home Celebrity Movies TV Soaps Games Music Bollywood Quizzes Video Home News Weather Entertainment Sport Money Lifestyle Horoscopes Health & Fitness Food & Drink Cars Travel More Entertainment Celebrity Movies TV Soaps Games Music Bollywood AdChoices Swift ‘happily’ partners with Apple Cover Media covermg.com 29/06/2015 SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Celebs who never made it to the altar Alex Jones shares cute photo of baby Teddy Taylor Swift is “happily” allowing Apple Music to stream her album 1989. © Provided by Cover Media The 25-year-old singer penned an open letter on her Tumblr account to the music giant last week in which she slammed its decision not to pay musicians for songs streamed during the free three-month trial period the service offers to customers. After reading her note Apple Music changed their policy and in light of the company deciding to pay artists during the trial period, Taylor has allowed her LP 1989 to stream with them. “After the events of this week, I've decided to put 1989 on Apple Music...and happily so,” she wrote on Twitter Thursday. “In case you're wondering if this is some exclusive deal like you've seen Apple do with other artists, it's not. “This is simply the first time it's felt right in my gut to stream my album. Thank you, Apple, for your change of heart.” In her Tumblr letter, Taylor explained she was fighting more for up-and-coming artists than herself. Within 24 hours of the blog entry going viral, Apple’s senior vice president of internet services and software Eddy Cue announced a change in policy. "When I woke up and read Taylor's note, it solidified quickly that we needed a change," Eddy told Rolling Stone. "Music is a big part of our DNA and we always strive to make sure artists are paid for their work." Taylor was thrilled by the confirmation and immediately took to her own page on the social media site to express her joy. "I am elated and relieved. Thank you for your words of support today. They listened to us," she wrote last weekend. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Entertainment Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behaviour that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy & Cookies Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide MSN Entertainment Did you find the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues with searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « The Day after the Essential 'Phone' Unveiling we take a Peek at their Patents and a Possible Future Project | Main | A Major Roundup of the Latest Samsung Smartphone Designs from the U.S Patent Office » May 31, 2017 HP Chooses Microsoft's Cortana for their new Smart Home Speaker Device as Revealed at Computex   Earlier this month Patently Apple posted a report titled "AI Wars are almost reaching Fever Pitch with new Home Devices and Apple Fans look to WWDC 2017 for Apple's Response" Apple fans are hoping that they'll see a new home device from Apple that will compete directly with Amazon's Echo-Show, Google Home and a barrage of new devices headed for the market this fall. Today we're learning that Microsoft's Cortana was chosen by HP for their new home speaker device launching later this year.   According to C/NET, "HP first announced earlier this month that it would be building a Cortana speaker just days after the Harmon Kardon Invoke was shown off. At the time, the concept was very under wraps, but at today's keynote address at the Computex conference, Microsoft unveiled some artist renders of the device.   The speaker will serve as an input device for Microsoft's Cortana virtual assistant, which looks to be making yet another play for the smart home -- territory firmly held by Amazon's Alexa and Google Home."   Last Friday I noted in a report that even Samsung has a home device on the drawing board that they won a design patent for that will be backed by their digital assistant 'Bixby.'   With Apple being caught off-guard with the introduction of the original Echo device that took digital assistants to a new level, they'll be one of the last to get onboard this device trend. Will Apple join this wave or buck it? We may very well get the answer to that question as early as Apple's WWDC keynote scheduled for June 5.   About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.       Posted by Jack Purcher on May 31, 2017 at 12:53 PM in 5. Apple News | Permalink Comments Verify your Comment Previewing your Comment Posted by:  |  This is only a preview. Your comment has not yet been posted. Your comment could not be posted. Error type: Your comment has been saved. Comments are moderated and will not appear until approved by the author. Post another comment The letters and numbers you entered did not match the image. Please try again. As a final step before posting your comment, enter the letters and numbers you see in the image below. This prevents automated programs from posting comments. Having trouble reading this image? View an alternate. Post a comment Comments are moderated, and will not appear until the author has approved them. Comment below or sign in with Typepad Facebook TwitterGoogle+and more... You are currently signed in as (nobody). Sign Out (You can use HTML tags like <b> <i> and <ul> to style your text. URLs automatically linked.) Your Information (Name is required. Email address will not be displayed with the comment.) Name is required to post a comment Please enter a valid email address Invalid URL Please enable JavaScript if you would like to comment on this blog. Search Recent Posts Samsung Patent Reveals Next-Gen Gear VR Headset with Multiple new Features, Major Accessories & Applications Apple wins Design Patents for Siri Icons in China and EU Confirming that Siri will Work with Future Smart Glasses AI-Industry Insiders: Apple's new Siri Device will take a Different Path to Market than Amazon's Alexa In an Effort to hurt iPhone 8 Sales in Korea, Samsung Plans to Flood the Local market with Refurbished Note 7s The Tech World will be glued to Apple's WWDC Keynote looking for their Response to the Smart Home Speaker Device Craze Micro-LED Displays and new Flexible Fuel Cells on the Horizon may see Portable Devices go Days without Charging Apple Announces that Swift Playgrounds Expands Coding Education to Robots, Drones and Musical Instruments HP and Others announce new Mobile 2-in-1 Devices with ARM Processors, Windows 10 & Always-On Connectivity Sony Limits their Image Sensor Capacity to Give Apple and Three Chinese OEMs Priority for Image Sensors Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. Apple News 6A - Rumors, Supply Chain + 6B. Non-Apple Reports, Editorials, Opinons 7. Apple / Market Statistics 8. Apple Events & Financial News 9. 3D, Siri, Facial/Audio Biometrics Apple Accessories Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple Macs Apple Pay Apple Pencil + Apple Store Apple Watch AppleTV Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible, Foldable Haptics, Sensors & Tactile Maps/Indoor Mapping + Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Reports Projection Related Software + OS Wireless Charging See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iOS 11 iPad (2017) iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS 10.13 macOS Sierra Siri Smart Speaker tvOS 10 watchOS 3 WWDC 2017 Buyer's Guide Forums Siri Smart Speaker iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra WWDC 2017 MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air iOS 11 macOS 10.13 Apple VR Project iMac iPad (2017) Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > Apple Releases Safari Technology Preview 31 With Bug Fixes and Feature Improvements Wednesday May 31, 2017 11:41 AM PDT by Juli Clover Apple today released a new update for Safari Technology Preview, the experimental browser Apple first introduced one year ago in March of 2016. Apple designed the Safari Technology Preview to test features that may be introduced into future release versions of Safari. Safari Technology Preview release 31 includes fixes and improvements for Web API, Javascript, Layout and Rendering, CSS Grid, Font Variations, Web Inspector, Media, Web Driver, WebCrypto, and Security. The Safari Technology Preview update is available through the Software Update mechanism in the Mac App Store to anyone who has downloaded the browser. Full release notes for the update are available on the Safari Technology Preview website. Apple's aim with Safari Technology Preview is to gather feedback from developers and users on its browser development process. Safari Technology Preview can run side-by-side with the existing Safari browser and while designed for developers, it does not require a developer account to download. Tag: Safari Technology Preview 20 comments Top Rated Comments (View all) isomorphic 4 days ago at 12:37 pm 416. Blah, blah, blah, "Chrome is superior, I don't care if it sends my shoe size to Google," blah. Rating: 3 Votes dannys1 4 days ago at 11:44 am Hopefully it fixes the HTML5 bug where videos won't play when Javascript is disabled I filed a Radar for. Edit: It doesn't. Sigh. Rating: 1 Votes isomorphic 3 days ago at 03:07 pm Ungoogled-Chromium ('https://github.com/Eloston/ungoogled-chromium') shares none of your information with Google. Unfortunately I still find myself forced to use Chromium occasionally, because Safari often sucks at implementing web standards, and lacks codec support. I actually use Ungoogled Chromium regularly. But make no mistake: Google is first and foremost an advertising company, and to support that they need as much data about consumer behavior as possible. Therefore projects like Ungoogle Chromium will always have an uphill battle--in fact they are starting from below ground, having to remove spyware integrated at a fundamental level. For example, have you tried to install an extension in Ungoogled Chromium? Yeah, not so much; you can't use the Google Play store. Even if you get one manually installed, it won't necessarily work well. Google is evil. I'd recommend Firefox but Mozilla seems dead-set on repeatedly making hostile decisions toward their users. That really does leave Safari as the only reasonable mainstream production browser, WebRTC support or not. Rating: 1 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming MacBook Pro June 2017 Minor update to latest Kaby Lake processors expected at WWDC. MacBook June 2017 Faster Kaby Lake processors and up to 16 GB of RAM expected at WWDC. iPad Pro Mid 2017 New ~10.5-inch model with nearly bezel-free design rumored. Siri Smart Speaker June Unveil? WWDC 2017 June 5–9 iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 MacBook Air June 2017? iMac Late 2017? Front Page Stories What to Expect at WWDC 2017: Software Updates, Mac Notebook Refresh, New iPad Pro, Siri Speaker Possible 2 days ago on Front Page Apple's annual Worldwide Developers Conference kicks off on Monday morning, with a keynote event that starts at 10:00 a.m. This year's event promises to be exciting, because alongside new... 333 comments Apple to Expand Siri to Work With More Types of Third-Party Apps 2 days ago on Front Page At its Worldwide Developers Conference next week, Apple is expected to expand Siri's functionality, allowing the voice assistant built into the iPhone and iPad to work with a wider variety of... 59 comments Apple Paying Freelancers to Improve the Accuracy of Apple Maps 2 days ago on Front Page In an effort to improve Apple Maps, which many iPhone users still consider to be inferior to Google Maps, Apple has enlisted the help of contracted freelancers to validate the accuracy of points of... 130 comments Apple CEO Tim Cook: Trump's Decision to Withdraw From Paris Accord 'Was Wrong for Our Planet' 3 days ago on Front Page Apple CEO Tim Cook this afternoon sent an email to Apple employees expressing his disappointment with U.S. President Donald Trump's decision to pull out of the Paris climate deal. In the... 864 comments First WWDC 2017 Decorations Start Going Up at McEnery Convention Center 3 days ago on Front Page With just four days to go until the 2017 Worldwide Developers Conference, Apple has started decorating the McEnery Convention Center in San Jose, where the event will be held. Based on images... 143 comments New Nike Apple Watch Bands Now Available for Purchase [Updated] 3 days ago on Front Page Last week, Nike announced plans to release four new Nike+ Apple Watch bands in colors that match its line of Nike Air VaporMax Flyknit "Day to Night" shoes, and those watch bands are... 99 comments Swift Playgrounds Will Soon Be Able to Program and Control Robots, Drones, and Toys 4 days ago on Front Page Apple today announced that Swift Playgrounds, its iPad app aimed at making learning how to code interactive and fun, will be able to program and control robots, drones, musical instruments, and other... 76 comments Apple Says Developers Have Earned Over $70 Billion From App Store Since It Launched 4 days ago on Front Page Apple today announced that its global developer community has earned over $70 billion since the App Store launched in 2008."People everywhere love apps and our customers are downloading them... 111 comments • Rumored Siri Speaker in Production Ahead of Possible WWDC Debut (301) • Apple CEO Tim Cook Urges U.S. President to Stay in Paris Climate Pact (460) • 'iPhone 8' Renders Offer Direct Size Comparisons With iPhone 7 and Galaxy S8 (192) • Apple Registers New Macs and iPads in Eurasia Ahead of WWDC on June 5 (302) • Apple's 'Carpool Karaoke' TV Series to Debut on August 8 (125) • Apple Updates Official WWDC App Ahead of 2017 Event (53) • Apple Seeds Second Beta of iOS 10.3.3 to Developers [Update: Public Beta Available] (54)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade 32-bit Apps No Longer Appear in App Store Search Results: The 32-bit App-pocalypse Begins [Update: Maybe Not?] WWDC Preparations - The TouchArcade Show #209 TouchArcade Needs Your Help to Survive: Here's All the Ways You Can Support Us (Some for Free!) TouchArcade Game of the Week: 'Yankai's Peak' 'Beholder' Review - Oppressing People and Taking Names Was Never This Fun New 'Thor's Hammer' Expansion Arrives for 'The Quest HD' YouTube What to Expect at WWDC 2017! Is the 10.5-inch iPad coming at WWDC? Apple’s Self-Driving Car Spotted on 101 in Palo Alto Is Sleep Tracking Coming to Apple Watch? Is a Siri speaker coming at WWDC 2017? Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
NEWS l l CHANNELS GamesBeat AI AR/VR Big Data Bots Business Cloud Dev Entrepreneur Esports Heartland Tech Marketing Media Mobile PC Gaming Security Social Transportation Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise EVENTS l l VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Speaker Media Partner Volunteer Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise RESEARCH l l CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Mobile Gaming Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise ‹ NEWS › CHANNELS GamesBeat Esports AI Heartland Tech AR/VR Marketing Big Data Media Bots Mobile Business PC Gaming Cloud Security Dev Social Entrepreneur Transportation ‹ EVENTS › VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Media Partner Speaker Volunteer ‹ RESEARCH › CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Gaming Mobile Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription ‹ VENTUREBEAT › About Advertise Careers Contact Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars TRANSPORTATION How Apple CarPlay radically improves this small sport utility vehicle John Brandon@jmbrandonbb May 31, 2017 12:10 PM Image Credit: Chevy Simplicity in design. That’s what has made Apple the powerhouse it is today. Things just work. Not every product lives up to this lofty ideal (don’t get me started on the Apple Watch), but many of them do, including the iPhone, the MacBook, and the iPad. One of the somewhat overlooked product segments where Apple has played a big role recently is with CarPlay, the syncing technology it provides to automakers like Ford and GM. When you connect your iPhone using a USB cable, you see a series of icons on the car display. You can quickly select from your music library, activate Siri, and check your text messages by voice. Recently, I tested CarPlay in a small sport utility vehicle, the redesigned 2017 Chevy Trax. This nimble compact SUV, similar to the Honda CR-V, has a base price of $21,000. It’s designed to fit into small spaces, like the parking spot I found at Barnes and Noble and in my own garage. I’ve tested CarPlay before, but not with quite so many passengers. I took three people on a spin around the Twin Cities, demonstrating all of the features so they could give me their impressions. None of them knew anything about CarPlay, but they are all iPhone users. They didn’t realize you could talk to Siri and play an artist by speaking the name. In many cars over the past 10 years or so, that doesn’t always work. You say “Coldplay” and the car hears something completely different. What makes CarPlay and Siri so effective in this particular vehicle is that it’s more of an entry-level vehicle — Chevy makes no bones about that. At $21,000, it’s not supposed to be a luxury SUV. That means you do hear road noise. Yet, in multiple tests all day, Siri never missed a command. I asked about destinations several times, and the car understood me perfectly every time. I also asked about a place to eat for lunch (Green Mill’s pizza is the best) and had no problems. When I had a passenger in the backseat try it, asking about directions back to an office, it also worked. In many ways, accuracy is a safety issue. When a car can’t understand you, it get frustrating and you get distracted. When you know it will work, you keep your eyes facing forward, hands on the wheel. You punch a button on the steering wheel (long press to activate Siri) and it works without any complications. Everyone liked the easy nav as well. During one trip, we were able to play music off my iPhone 7 Plus and could still hear the turn prompts easily. One tap on the 7-inch screen, new for this model year, and the voice guidance stopped so we could use visual cues. I had no trouble browsing my music (including recently additions), listening to my text messages, replying to them by voice, and even streaming Pandora from my phone. CarPlay worked so well it made the Trax more enjoyable to drive and even safer during my day trip. For a lower-priced vehicle, it made an even bigger impact in terms of making technology easier to use. Above: VB Profiles Connected Cars Landscape. (Disclosure: VB Profiles is a cooperative effort between VentureBeat and Spoke Intelligence.) This article is part of our connected cars series. You can download a high-resolution version of the landscape featuring 250 companies by clicking the image. VB Recommendations Why shortcuts for Google Home are a total waste of time Are chatbots just another fad? Massless lets you write with a pen in virtual reality
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Cars TECH Android Apple Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable MORE Entertainment Science Health Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Cars Tech   Android Apple Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable More   Entertainment Science Health Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search iPhone 8 vs Galaxy Note 8 vs Essential Phone (leading the way) Chris Burns - May 31, 2017 3 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Rumors and insider tips have given us a generally good idea of what’s to come with regard to Apple and Samsung’s next hero devices. The Galaxy Note 8 and the iPhone 8 – or iPhone Pro, if you prefer – are rumored to come with displays that cover nearly their entire frontside. As for the Essential Phone – we found out earlier this week that Andy Rubin wants to bring the fight right to the doorsteps of both of the biggest names in mobile. First we’ll have a peek at the specifications of the Essential Phone. Because this device has been revealed by the Essential company officially, we have a pretty good idea of what’ll actually end up being inside. This is a device that aims to break with the past by offering some of the most hearty specifications ever packed into a smartphone. Essential Phone (Official) • Display: 5.71-inch 2560 x 1312 (2K) CGS/LTPS • Processor: Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 • RAM: 4GB • Internal Storage: 128GB • Camera: Dual 13 MP, RGB / Mono camera with “image fusion technology”, f/1.85 lens, Phase Detection, IR Laser Assist Focus, 4K video at 30fps, 1080p 60fps, 720p 120fps • Front-Camera: 8 MP, f/2.2 lens 4K video at 30fps, 1080p 60fps, 720p 120fps• Battery: 3000 mAh • Battery: 3040mAh • Connectivity: USB-C, Bluetooth 5, Wi-Fi, 4G LTE, 3G, nanoSIM, NFC • Additional: Fingerprint Scanner, 6 Gbps Wireless Accessory Connector, 2x accessory power pins As such, the Essential Phone isn’t particularly cheap. The one model – with 128GB of internal storage – will cost a cool $700 – or around $750 with a magnetic 360-degree camera add-on accessory. The Essential Phone will come in four colors, starting with black, white, and gray, followed later by a green called “Ocean Depths.” Next is the iPhone 8, or iPhone OLED, or iPhone Pro, or iPhone Edition – whatever you’d like to call it. This smartphone has not yet been revealed by Apple, but we’ve seen plenty of leaks about it. This would be the most extravagant iPhone ever released by Apple, and the most powerful of the three models made available in the year 2017. Apple iPhone 8 (OLED MODEL) (Hypothetical) • Display: 5.8-inch OLED display • Processor: Apple A11 chip • RAM: 4GB • Internal Storage: 64GB, 128GB • Camera: Dual 12 MP, (28mm, f/1.8, OIS & 56mm, f/2.8), phase detection autofocus, 2x optical zoom, quad-LED (dual tone) flash • Front-Camera: 7 MP, f/2.2, 32mm, 1080p@30fps, 720p@240fps, face detection, HDR, panorama • Battery: 3000 mAh • Connectivity: Lightning Connector, Bluetooth 5, Wi-Fi, 4G LTE, 3G, nanoSIM, NFC • Additional: Hidden Fingerprint Scanner, Iris Scanner, IP68 water/dust resistance, Wireless Charging As it is with the specs below, the iPhone 8 specs we have here are based on rumors and anonymous tips. We do not yet have the full picture – nor does anyone else outside of Apple’s own design teams. It’s possible Apple might not even release a third iPhone this year, and just stick with the iPhone 7s and iPhone 7s Plus – two more phones that have not yet been officially revealed by Apple. Details aren’t quite as mysterious with Samsung’s next major smartphone release, but the device remains in the “not quite official” pile for now regardless. Samsung will likely reveal the Galaxy Note 8, as it’s probably called, at or around the same time as the Galaxy Note 7 was revealed – August of 2016 then, August of 2017 now. Samsung Galaxy Note 8 Specifications (Hypothetical) • Display: 6.2-inch Super AMOLED Quad HD+ display (2960×1440, 529ppi) • Processor: Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 PRO processor (if they make one) • RAM: 6GB • Internal Storage: 64GB, 128GB • Camera: 12 MP, f/1.7, 26mm, phase detection autofocus, OIS, LED flash, 8MP secondary • Front-Camera: 8 MP, f/1.7, autofocus, 1440p@30fps, dual video call, Auto HDR • Battery: 4000mAh • Connectivity: USB-C, Bluetooth 5, Wi-Fi, 4G LTE, 3G, nanoSIM, NFC • Additional: Hidden Fingerprint Scanner, Iris Scanner, IP68 water/dust resistance, Wireless Charging If what we thought of the Galaxy Note 7 was any indication, the Galaxy Note 8 will be one of (if not THE) most excellent Android of the year. We’ll have to see whether it’s ready to take on the futuristic ways of the Essential Phone when both are actually out in the open, for sale, and on the market. Pricing on the Galaxy Note 8 will probably match that of the Galaxy Note 7 – or surpass it somewhat. The Galaxy Note 7 was released for around $880 off-contract with 64GB of internal storage. The iPhone 7 Plus with 32GB of internal storage costs $770 USD right now off-contract, while the 128GB version costs $870 USD. That might be a good place to look for a starting price for the iPhone 8/OLED/PRO. The iPhone with OLED display will aim at a completely different crowd from the Galaxy Note 8. The Galaxy Note 8 will attract the fans its had before, plus those that’ve been waiting to get their Note back since last year’s fiasco. Without a stylus, the Essential Phone isn’t quite what the Galaxy Note will be – but it might end up being more attractive to those looking for something that feels a bit more new than Samsung’s tried-and-true Note formula. It all begins later this month when the first of these three – the Essential Phone – is released to the public! Story Timeline Essential Home revealed to take on Amazon Echo and Google's assistant 6 Essential Phone details that make Andy Rubin's device unique 5 big things Andy Rubin just told us about the Essential Phone Essential Phone release date and carrier support detailed Tags AndroidAppleEssentialGalaxy Note 7Galaxy Note 8iOSiPhoneiPhone 7iPhone 7 Plusiphone 8Samsungsmartphone Must Read Bits & Bytes Apple’s roadmap allegedly leaked: iPhone 8, Glasses, 2018 MacBook, more Coinbase tipped at $1b valuation as demand for cryptocurrency soars Why DigiByte’s price is soaring: $DGB, Minecraft, Memes, and Citibank Rooting Android phones is no longer cool, it’s a liability Trump pulls US from Paris Agreement: Elon Musk quits councils as tech firms react Latest Headlines Sony tees off first mobile game in Japan Jun 4, 2017 OnePlus 2 will no longer receive updates Jun 4, 2017 SpaceX lands 11th rocket following first launch of reused Dragon capsule Jun 4, 2017 Del.icio.us link-sharing site shuts down after Pinboard acquisition Jun 4, 2017 Essential hit with trademark dispute from Spigen Jun 4, 2017 Latest Reviews HTC U11 Review: You won’t buy this, but you should Jun 1, 2017 Elgato Eve Degree Review: A simple temperature & humidity HomeKit sensor May 31, 2017 Lenovo Thinkpad 13 Review (2017): Cheap and mostly cheerful May 30, 2017 Cinder Grill Review: Sous-vide’s even geekier rival May 29, 2017 Pirates of the Caribbean 5 Review: A bad end to an OK series May 29, 2017 Search © 2005-2017 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Hands on: Mophie Juice Pack battery case for the Google Pixel XL Trending in Google Best Android phones you can buy [June 2017] Trending in Google Hands on with some of the best cases for the Samsung Galaxy S8 Trending in Google Hands-on with 5 Android apps and games you should download in May 2017 [Video] Trending in Google Is the Android O Dev Preview 2 stable enough for your daily driver? Here’s​ our experience so far Trending in Google Hands on with the new features in Android O Dev Preview 2 [Video] May 31 GOOG: 964.86 -11.02 9to5Toys Lunch Break: Beats Solo3 Headphones $200, MusicCast Wi-Fi Speaker $200, Samsung Galaxy Tab A (refurb) $70, more Stephen Hall - May. 31st 2017 10:12 am PT @hallstephenj Android 9to5Toys 9to5Toys Lunch Break View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Keep up with the best gear and deals on the web by signing up for the 9to5Toys Newsletter. Also, be sure to check us out on: Twitter, RSS Feed, Facebook, Google+ and Safari push notifications. TODAY’S CAN’T MISS DEALS: Onkyo 7.2-Ch. 4K A/V Receiver w/ 8 HDMI inputs + AirPlay: $320 (Orig. $600) Mighty Mac App Bundle includes $130 worth of productivity software for FREE EverSleep iOS-connected wearable diagnoses sleep issues without a hospital stay New Pokémon game for iOS/Android with Nintendo integration coming soon Portable Air Compressor for ATVs, full-size vehicles, more: $45 shipped Target offers a $7 Father’s Day Box filled w/ goods valued at $25 OxyLED S101 Motion Activated LED Lightstrip for $8 (Reg. $15) TP-Link Deco M5 802.11ac Wi-Fi system: 3 Pack for $200 shipped Amazon Household Items from $7: Tide laundry detergent, more LEGO reels in new 2,000 piece Old Fishing Store kit coming this fall Green Deals: Karcher 1700PSI Electric Power Pressure Washer $119, more LeEco Le S3 32GB Unlocked Android Smartphone for $150 shipped Daily Deals: Beats Solo3 Headphones $200, Pioneer Mini Stereo System w/ Bluetooth $105, more Yamaha MusicCast Wi-Fi Speaker w/ AirPlay + Bluetooth $200 (Reg. $250) Samsung Galaxy Tab A 8.0-inch 16GB (refurb): $70 (Reg. $200) | eBay Amazon Storage/Network Sale 40% off: flash drives, routers & more from $19 Review: Logitech’s Z537 Speaker System gives your Mac the audio it deserves [Video] Review: RDS Nintendo Switch case offers protection from bumps while on-the-go 9to5Rewards: Sphero’s Star Wars BB-8 smartphone-controlled droid [Giveaway] MORE NEW GEAR FROM TODAY: Sensi’s Smart Wi-Fi Thermostat is a #1 best-seller and works w/ Alexa: $104 Applebee’s, Chili’s, CVS, Steak ‘n Shake and more gift cards up to 20% off Star Knight’s action-platforming drops to just $1 on the App Store (Reg. $3) Infinity Dungeon Evolution for iOS is now available for free (Reg. $1) Slayaway Camp and its Minecraft-like horror gets very first price drop: $2 Assassin’s Creed Identity for iOS drops to just $1 (Reg. $5) Apple 9.7-inch iPad Pro Wi-Fi + LTE 32GB $579 shipped (Reg. $729) Apple’s Great Games for $1 Sale: BADLAND, Assassin’s Creed, many more Apple’s 15-inch MacBook Pro 512GB gets a nearly $400 discount for Memorial Day Apple 13-inch MacBook Air gets a $239 price drop, now $760 shipped iTunes offers ten-film iconic movie bundles from each decade for $20/ea VicTsing Wireless Mouse w/ 15-month long battery for $6 (40% off) Today’s Best iOS & Mac Game/App Deals: Living Earth, Star Knight, more Today’s Best Game Deals: NieR Automata $40, NHL 17 $10, more YUNEEC 4K Typhoon Quadcopter bundle $550 (Reg. $800) Harman Kardon HKTS 9 5.1-Ch. Home Theater System $155 (cert. refurb, Orig. $600) Improve your career and save on these Training Bundles: Photoshop, Office, more! No Stress Chess teaches you the basics for $13 CyberPower Heavy Duty 8-Outlet Power Strip w/ 6-foot Cord: $13.50 (all-time low) Genesis Executive Office Chair w/ adjustable back $135 (Reg. $180) Men’s Grooming Sale: Panasonic Trimmer $11, Remington Razor $29, more Tablo upgrades its Dual OTA DVR with on-board storage, smaller footprint Smartphone Accessories: Aukey 3-pack of USB A to C Cables $9, more Amazon Father’s Day sale takes up to 20% off Makita, DEWALT tools and more NEW PRODUCTS & MORE: ASUS unveils 35-inch curved gaming monitor with 200Hz refresh rate Prynt Pocket lets you print photos from your iPhone like a Polaroid camera Pedego’s Airstream eBike is just as feature-packed as it is stylish How-to build your very own LEGO fidget spinner DEWALT overhauls Bluetooth Connect system w/ new tools, trackers, more Gogoro’s second gen electric scooter has a lower price, same power Pokemon’s Magikarp Jump splashes onto iOS and Android for worldwide release Makerball is a DIY Pinball Machine that is completely customizable IK Multimedia debuts new beast Mac synth w/ Moog, Prophet, Oberheim sampler-instruments 8Bitdo rolls out free Nintendo Switch support for all its retro-style controllers Two:35 is a computer building kit for kids that can actually get them certification DJI’s new $499 Spark drone offers gesture controls, compact design [Gallery] Sphero unveils iOS-controlled Lightning McQueen racer for $300 BIKI is an underwater 4K camera drone that can go wherever you swim Belkin intros new line of compact Pocket Power banks starting at $20 Ambi Climate returns with its second generation Alexa-enabled air conditioner controller Haikara smartwatch focuses on fashion with customizable watch faces and bands This Vintage Vinyl Bluetooth Speaker is actually made out of reclaimed records Beyond Zero’s liquor freezer puts your cocktail “in the rocks” NikeLab releases urban commuter, all-condition ACG.07.KMTR Monoprice is now making a professional quality 3D Printer at just $159 Love Hultén’s new vintage-inspired mahogany Astovox Hi-Fi System Atomos Ninja Inferno: A great way to speed up your Panasonic GH5 workflow [Video] LEGO’s latest is a massive 2,800-piece Minecraft Mountain Cave set WATTS is the customizable battery backup system meant to fit any home MORE DEALS STILL LIVE: Logitech’s M705 Wireless Mouse goes to $20, MX Master $60, more Canon PIXMA Inkjet All-In-One Printer w/AirPrint $56 shipped (Reg. $75) Smartphone Accessories: Mophie Juice Pack for iPhone 6/s Plus $50, more Mophie Battery Case for iPhone 6/s: $30 (Reg. $50) Everyone can use an Echo Dot: Just $50! GoPro HERO+ LCD Action Camera on sale for $109 TP-Link AC1200 802.11ac Wi-Fi Range Extender $35 shipped Joby GorillaPod Tripod and Lowepro Bag for $40 DEWALT’s 5-inch Band Saw Kit drops to almost $100 off ChefSteps CS20001 Joule Sous Vide drops to $149  Rubbermaid Closet Organizer Kit hits Amazon all-time low: $73 APC SurgeArrest 120V 7-Outlet Surge Protector: $12.50 Green Deals: LIFX A19 Wi-Fi Smart LED Light Bulb $45, more ZTE Axon 7 Mini 32GB Unlocked Android Smartphone for $170 Twelve South’s HiRise Stand for Apple Watch now $20 Gift Cards up to 20% off: Domino’s, Jiffy Lube, CVS, more Linksys Velop 802.11ac Wi-Fi Mesh system 2-pack  $300 Allen Sports 2-Bike Trunk Rack back to $50 Yamaha 4K 7.2-Ch. A/V Receiver with AirPlay for $275 Vansky Lighting Strips for an enhanced HDTV experience from $10 TRENDnet Powerline 500 AV Kit w/ Wi-Fi Extender $40 (Reg. $55) Xbox One S 1TB Gears of War 4 Bundle for just $240 Stephen Hall @hallstephenj Stephen is Managing Editor at 9to5Google. Twitter DMs are open. Tips always welcome, never expected. Favorite Gear 15-inch MacBook Pro w/ Touch Bar Anker PowerCore 26800 Amazon Echo Dot Guides Android Breaking news for Android. Get the latest on apps, carriers, devices, and more! View THe Guide 9to5Toys View THe Guide 9to5Toys Lunch Break View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
null
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « AMD Introduces Threadripper at Computex | Main | HP Chooses Microsoft's Cortana for their new Smart Home Speaker Device as Revealed at Computex » May 31, 2017 The Day after the Essential 'Phone' Unveiling we take a Peek at their Patents and a Possible Future Project     Yesterday Andy Rubin's company Essential Products Inc. launched their new Essential 'Phone' with a 5.7" high-end display at 2560 x 1320 and other decent specifications. The company also launched other products like their 'Essential Home' device which is very much like an Amazon Echo device that offers the world's first 5" round display and their own digital assistant. Rubin told Mossberg last night during his Code Conference interview that he's trying to work with Google, Microsoft, Apple and Samsung so that their new home device will also work with the digital assistant of your choice so that you're not locked into only the Essential assistant.    Essential also launched a very innovative 360-degree camera that wirelessly connects to the phone. The accessory is held in place by magnets. Rubin demoed it during his Mossberg interview and it was really cool. He aimed it at the audience and then swiped the screen to see the image rotate a full 360 degrees. Nice accessory for a smartphone or future tablet.   I took some time yesterday afternoon to look up Essential's patents to see if they would reveal anything about their present line-up or possible future products – and this is primarily what this report is about.   The Essential 'Phone' Influenced by LG Display   While Rubin was at Google, he worked with LG display on the LG Nexus 4 released in 2012; the Nexus 5 in 2013; and the Nexus 5X in 2015. Yesterday I was given a tip (by 'Blinx182') that directed me to a 2016 LG Display granted design patent #3008810140000-(2016.11.08) from the South Korean patent office known as Kipris, for a smartphone design that is presented in-part below.   Without a doubt the face of the smartphone is in fact the design that Andy Rubin ran with and his connection to LG is well established. However, the backside of the granted design patent is shown to be completely blank. This is where Essential's secret sauce comes into play via U.S. patent 20170126268.   Essential's patent FIG. 3 noted above depicts various accessories that are attached to user devices that include wireless accessory buses; FIG. 4 includes front, side, rear views of a camera accessory having multiple digital cameras that are capable of capturing a substantially 360 degree field of view.   The mechanics of the face camera system is where Essential spent a lot of time on. In total we found five patents: 20170126868; 20170124377; 20170123454; 20170123453; and 20170123452.   One set of oddball patents stood out showing Essential's engineers were dreaming up an alternative camera design in the form of a pop-up camera found in patent numbers 20170126979, 20170126971 and 20170126937.   Essential Products Inc. Interested in Smart Glasses   In an interview with Wired published yesterday, Rubin mentioned Google Glass by stating that it "failed not because the tech was bad but because the world wasn't ready to wear them." Why did he bring that up? Well, because Essential is working on smart glasses, according to one of the patent filings. The patent figure from that patent is illustrated below.   Essential Product Inc's patent FIG. 5 noted above shows a dual-mode display with a camera placed underneath the display, according to one embodiment. Glasses #500 include one or more lenses #510 and # 520, one or more user facing cameras #530 and #540, and one or more environment facing cameras #550.   Essential engineers in describing the glasses note that "The one or more lenses can be prescription lenses, photosensitive lenses, sunglass-lenses, etc. Each lens in the one or more lenses includes a dual-mode display, with one or more using facing cameras placed within the dual-mode display. The one or more user facing cameras are oriented towards the user, and can track the direction of the user's gaze.   Augmented Reality comes into play with these glasses. Essential notes that "Based on the environment that the user sees, and based on the direction of the user's gaze, the processor can display an image to augment the environment around the user. For example, if the user is looking at a barcode of an item, the processor can display cheaper purchasing options of the same item."   The Essential Philosophy   And lastly, one of the interesting points that were revealed about Essential during the Mossberg interview was that Essential has a connection to a company called Playground. Rubin launched Playground, a venture capital firm where a few dozen engineers and designers at Playground Studios help startups build stuff. Rubin was telling Mossberg that Essential is willing and able to do things Apple won't.   He talked about how an idea from the Playground group, backed by venture capitalists, could make its way into the Essential product line so as to promote a new idea or concept that the big boys like Apple can't take a chance on for their products. Most of these ideas need a starting point prior to building volume / scale so that it could later be appealing to other Android OEMs to add to their smartphone line-up that might give them an advantage over Apple or Samsung.   Later in the Wired interview, Jason Keats, the company's head of product architecture, said that if the Essential 'Phone'' were to sell 50 million units in its debut quarter that they'd be totally screwed, adding that "Essential simply cannot produce that many phones. That's the point. We've gone after technologies and methods of manufacturing that aren't designed to support 50 million devices." Keats told Wired that he wants Essential to think like a high-end watchmaker, not a commodity gadget builder. (Granted, everyone says this, even the commodity gadget builders.) From the start, Essential's designers and engineers met with countless manufacturers in search of the most interesting technology and materials, especially stuff no one could produce at scale. "We're not for everybody," Keats says. "You know it's going to be a little exclusive."   Rubin admitted that of course Essential wants to scale up and be super profitable, but that for now, that's not the priority. The priority is about making cool products with unique features on an open source platform that encourages and promotes new ideas that are reviewed and promoted by the Playground group through Essential Product's platform. So while building a new brand is important, so is giving new ideas a chance to breathe, mature and become popular for Essential and other OEM's who want to adopt the new technologies.   In theory, it's a very interesting approach, though only time will tell if it's one that could survive. In a maturing market like smartphones, Rubin feels that being able to make a product stand out from those from Apple and Samsung will be welcomed by those that are real techies or those who love style and design.   That's why Essential is sticking with Android for hardware. It has the largest market share by far that could ensure that Essential Phone buyers won't miss out on their favorite apps.   At present no patents were found covering Essential's Internet of Things (IoT) OS called Ambient OS.   In the end, Essential is by no means a competitor to Apple. Oddly, if anything, Essential may be more of a threat to other venture capitalist firms. If an inventor has a great hardware idea that is struggling to get off the ground, inventors are likely going to make their pitch to Essential Products Inc. first knowing that it could find its way to market faster.   Then again, Essential has to first prove that consumers have any interest in their products and that's where the rubber meets the road. Taking the flip side of Rubin's analogy, in a maturing market, most consumers tend to stick with what's successful and backed by great service. That's going to be a huge wall for Essential to climb, especially against Apple. On that point, good luck.   About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.     Posted by Jack Purcher on May 31, 2017 at 11:51 AM in 6B. Non-Apple Reports, Editorials, Opinons | Permalink Comments Verify your Comment Previewing your Comment Posted by:  |  This is only a preview. Your comment has not yet been posted. Your comment could not be posted. Error type: Your comment has been saved. Comments are moderated and will not appear until approved by the author. Post another comment The letters and numbers you entered did not match the image. Please try again. As a final step before posting your comment, enter the letters and numbers you see in the image below. This prevents automated programs from posting comments. Having trouble reading this image? View an alternate. Post a comment Comments are moderated, and will not appear until the author has approved them. Comment below or sign in with Typepad Facebook TwitterGoogle+and more... You are currently signed in as (nobody). Sign Out (You can use HTML tags like <b> <i> and <ul> to style your text. URLs automatically linked.) Your Information (Name is required. Email address will not be displayed with the comment.) Name is required to post a comment Please enter a valid email address Invalid URL Please enable JavaScript if you would like to comment on this blog. Search Recent Posts Samsung Patent Reveals Next-Gen Gear VR Headset with Multiple new Features, Major Accessories & Applications Apple wins Design Patents for Siri Icons in China and EU Confirming that Siri will Work with Future Smart Glasses AI-Industry Insiders: Apple's new Siri Device will take a Different Path to Market than Amazon's Alexa In an Effort to hurt iPhone 8 Sales in Korea, Samsung Plans to Flood the Local market with Refurbished Note 7s The Tech World will be glued to Apple's WWDC Keynote looking for their Response to the Smart Home Speaker Device Craze Micro-LED Displays and new Flexible Fuel Cells on the Horizon may see Portable Devices go Days without Charging Apple Announces that Swift Playgrounds Expands Coding Education to Robots, Drones and Musical Instruments HP and Others announce new Mobile 2-in-1 Devices with ARM Processors, Windows 10 & Always-On Connectivity Sony Limits their Image Sensor Capacity to Give Apple and Three Chinese OEMs Priority for Image Sensors Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. Apple News 6A - Rumors, Supply Chain + 6B. Non-Apple Reports, Editorials, Opinons 7. Apple / Market Statistics 8. Apple Events & Financial News 9. 3D, Siri, Facial/Audio Biometrics Apple Accessories Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple Macs Apple Pay Apple Pencil + Apple Store Apple Watch AppleTV Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible, Foldable Haptics, Sensors & Tactile Maps/Indoor Mapping + Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Reports Projection Related Software + OS Wireless Charging See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming Huawei Competitions Blenders Coffee Machines Cookers Dishwashers Fans Freezers More Fridge Freezers Fridges Garden Tools Irons Kettles Kitchen Gadgets Microwaves Mixers Ovens Personal Care Smart Home Steam Cleaners Toasters Tumble Dryers Vacuum Cleaners Washer Dryers Washing Machines Trending: Nintendo Switch OnePlus 5 iPhone 7 deals Galaxy S8 LG G6 iPhone 8 Home / News / Smart Home News / The Amazon Echo and Alexa just got a lot more useful for Apple users The Amazon Echo and Alexa just got a lot more useful for Apple users by Chris Smith 31 May 2017 0 shares Read Comments With Apple reportedly planning to unveil a Siri-powered Echo rival at WWDC next week, it’s hardly surprising that Amazon is seeking to make Alexa more appealing to Apple users. The company has announced Alexa now supports Apple iCloud Calendar, making it easy for users to link their accounts through the settings portion of the Alexa app. Just as with Google and Outlook calendars, Alexa users can now ask: “Alexa, what’s on my calendar.” Folks will also be able to add items to their calendar through voice commands. Related: Best Fire TV tips In a press release Amazon says: “iCloud Calendar support has been a top requested feature from Alexa customers, and we’re thrilled to bring this to Alexa devices in US, UK and Germany today. Now customers have access to five major calendaring services through their Alexa devices.” Those services are iCloud, G Suite, Google/Gmail, Office 365 and Outlook. Amazon, a pioneer in the space, is facing more and more competition from the likes of Google and Microsoft, as well as the new offering from Andy Rubin’s Essential firm. Whether Apple does launch its own voice-controlled digital assistant device next week remains to be seen, but Amazon is prepared. Is the Echo still leading the way? Or is the chasing pack about to overwhelm Alexa? Share your thoughts in the comments section below. Latest Deals From Ebay Amazon Echo Dot 2nd Generation 2016 - Black $64.99 View Item Dual Band Wi-Fi Gigabit Router Open Source Support Compatible Amazon Echo/Alexa $222.60 View Item NETGEAR AC1750 Dual Band WiFi Gigabit Router (R6400) works w/ Amazon Echo/Alexa $69.95 View Item 0 shares Read Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2017, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
x PhoneArena is hiring! Reviewer in the USA PhoneArena Search Login Register Home Phones Carriers Verizon AT&T Sprint T-Mobile View all Manufacturers Samsung Sony Apple HTC LG Huawei Motorola Google View all Phone tools Phone finder New phones Popular phones Compare phones Size compare Best phones Camera comparison Benchmarks Tablets Carriers Verizon AT&T Sprint T-Mobile Manufacturers Apple Samsung Asus Amazon Tablet tools Tablet finder New tablets Popular tablets Compare tablets News Reviews Videos Tip us Home Phones Carriers Verizon AT&T Sprint T-Mobile more ... Brands Samsung Apple LG Motorola Sony HTC Huawei Google more ... Tablets Carriers Verizon AT&T Sprint T-Mobile more ... Brands Samsung Motorola HTC LG BlackBerry Apple Nokia more ... News Reviews Videos Tip us Tools Phone Finder Compare phones Size compare Camera comparison Best phones Discussions Benchmarks Show menu Home › News › The Essential Phone was designed to flop The Essential Phone was designed to flop Posted: 31 May 2017, 09:24, by Kaloyan C. Share Tweet Share Tags : Articles-Articles+ Android-Android+ The tech-obsessed parts of the internet exploded yesterday when Andy Rubin's new company, Essential, debuted its upcoming first smartphone, the Essential Phone, and smart home speaker, the Essential Home. And it's fair to say most people were impressed, if a bit skeptical: even if the devices seem pretty good for a first try, this is, after all, yet another newcomer that tries to reinvent the smartphone in some way. The first thing one might notice when looking at the Essential Phone is its curious design: the large, bezel-less screen's top is cut to make room for the front-facing camera, a concept we've seen in many fan renders in the past, but not in an actual commercial product; while the device's frame is made out of titanium, a material rarely found in smartphones. But then there's also the magnetic accessory pins on the back, which allure to a bright future of effortlessly usable wireless accessories. But here's the thing: while it's hard to argue the Phone has its merits, almost everyone can agree on one thing: with a $700 price tag and several glaring feature omissions, a phone from a startup that is completely unknown to the general consumer simply won't sell that well. But rather than start writing our eulogies just a day after the phone was announced, let's instead examine the situation from a different standpoint: that the Essential Phone wasn't actually made to sell units. Follow the money In almost every industry, when a company does something curious and seemingly illogical (such as releasing a quirky-looking, expensive flagship in an oversaturated market), a good way to find out what exactly its intentions are is to simply follow the money: how and why could such a move benefit said company? So here we need to take a look at Essential – not the products, but the company itself. In an hour-long interview today (embedded above), Andy Rubin shared how Essential, as well as the titular Phone, came to existence. In short, there exists a company called Playground (also founded and led by Rubin himself), which acts as an 'incubator' for tech startups – this is where Essential got its start, as well as part of its initial funding. But here's where things get a little tricky: that startup cash may have been enough to design and launch a duo of new products (trio, if count the 360° camera as well), but it most probably isn't enough to sustain it for much longer after that. Hardware startups need capital more than they need customersAnd with the general problem of hardware startups not having a user base at all, the prospect of relying on sales profits is a pretty far-fetched one – most consumers only trust a couple of brands, and competition in the smartphone market is also especially fierce. So since sales won't make enough of a profit, more capital needs to be raised from investors to ensure the company's continued existence. But while Rubin's reputation may have been enough to raise the initial necessary cash, things should start getting a bit more complicated once an actual product gets launched: this is the stage where all the behind-the-curtain promises can be broken, and so the end product needs to be impressive. That is, few people would happily jump on board to fund yet another company that has only proved itself capable of making boring, cookie cutter devices – there's simply too much competition in this space already. The Apple factor But you know where there isn't competition? Well, you probably do, given that it's written right there in the subtitle. When it comes to smartphones, pretty much every player out there wants to become the next Apple – that's what making the best-selling product of its kind gives you. So it's only natural that Andy Rubin, the man who created Apple's biggest potential threat in the mobile space, would want to take the crown for himself. Or at least, that's what it's supposed to look like on the surface: while most people would tell you that toppling Apple over is entirely unrealistic, their opinion isn't what matters – what matters is the investors' opinion, and they're all desperately looking for the next Apple. So when you really need money, as is Essential's case, but you can't get it without convincing a bunch of very rich people they'll get a good return on their investment – why not focus your product development on proving to them you're the Next Big Thing, rather than hoping to catch the everyday consumer's eye in an already overcrowded market? So when you're looking at the Essential Phone through that lens, the similarities between it and an iPhone become not a coincidence, but rather a deliberate design choice made to appeal to a very specific circle of people. Ten years later, investors are still looking for an iPhone-like success story The unique visual design? One of the iPhone's biggest selling points is the fact that it's good-looking and immediately recognizable. So proving you can make a device that both stands out from the crowd but still looks good is, well, essential. The accessory connector on the back? iPhones have this thing called the Lightning port on the bottom, the ecosystem for which is entirely controlled by Apple, who also conveniently collects a ton of licensing fees from third-party manufacturers. And while Rubin claims the wireless connection is based on the USB standard, he certainly hasn't claimed the specs will be freely available for everyone to use. Or in other words, this is a huge potential cash cow, a thing investors love. Even the omission of a 3.5 mm headphone jack could be viewed as a cheap way to draw subliminal parallels to the iPhone 7, which sold a record number of devices without including one, either. Then there's also the top-of-the-line specs, which prove Essential will be targeting the premium market as well. So combine all these factors and you might just get a recipe for a second round of funding from investors who want a slice of that Apple pie. Sustainability But this is, admittedly, a somewhat simplistic look at Essential's business model – this approach might work for a device generation or two, but is simply not sustainable after that. So the startup also needs to capture an audience as well. Luckily for it, all the design decisions in the Essential Phone also work out to a pretty eye-catching combination as well, and if it plays its cards right, vis-à-vis software, marketing, and carrier distribution deals, users might well start noticing there's a new player in the game. And by generation two, the market might just be ready for them to enter in a serious manner. To do so, however, Essential needs to also build a better next phone, one that plugs the holes present in the current model. This presents a bit of a problem for today's potential buyers, though: when the better, flashier Phone v2 launches, will they be left behind? Essential has so far not taken any stance on software, besides saying that the Phone will run Android, so such a risk is certainly present (though the magnetic accessory connector is said to remain the same in the future). So if one accepts the theory that the Essential Phone isn't initially primed for a straight-out consumer success, buying it becomes a somewhat less enticing proposition – sure, it's an okay device, but it has a couple of big feature omissions and virtually no guarantees of support, both problems that don't exactly fit its $700 price tag. But even if its first phone doesn't turn into a smash hit, as we expect it won't, it'll still be interesting to see what's next in line for the company Editor's pick   Apple WWDC '17: Here's what to expect   HTC U11 review: Awesome camera! Poll: do you care about 360-degree cameras? 31 May Prev news 5 of the best MMO games for Android and iOS (2017) 31 May Next news Close newer posts OnePlus CEO says OnePlus 5 will be "the thinnest flagship phone" 31 May New iPhone camera app bets on pro-level controls, clever interface 31 May Canceled Microsoft Lumia 960 flagship smartphone makes appearance 31 May 5 of the best MMO games for Android and iOS (2017) 31 May Now reading: The Essential Phone was designed to flop The Essential Phone was designed to flop 31 May Poll: do you care about 360-degree cameras? 31 May 5 Essential phone ideas we'd like to see in the next iPhone... and 5 we 31 May It is real: a hands-on with the Essential Phone, presented by Andy Rubin 31 May Bezel-less is not a thing, and here's why it shouldn't be 31 May Sony announced US prices and release dates for the Xperia XZ Premium, Touch, 31 May older posts Related phones Essential Phone Compare Specifications News[14] Rivals Photos Size it Videos Phone Related News   The Essential Phone will (probably) receive monthly security updates   5 Essential phone ideas we'd like to see in the next iPhone... and 5 we don't   Andy Rubin's Essential Phone should be released next month, will feature a new digital assistant   U.S. carriers confirm the Essential Phone will work on their networks, but none will offer it directly (UPDATED)   Here is why the Essential Phone exists: 6 principles that make it different from others   Apple has tried making a titanium iPhone, but failed; Essential made one, but it is "not for everybody" 65 Comments Options Close Follow › Following Show comments: default show moderated comments Display mode: Threaded Chronological Newest first Always view all comments Save 1 2 3 Next » posted on 31 May 2017, 14:32 2 in response to #33 in response to #33 Hide Reply 40. Ocr22 (Posts: 19; Member since: 12 May 2017) Exactly couldnt have said it better . iphone arena is always trying to make it look like the iphone is the best phone out there. And try to make other phones look like their bad when in reality every android phone out there is better than the newest iPhone in everything haha specs and all . posted on 4 days ago, 05:57 0 Reply 60. xeroxchap (Posts: 33; Member since: 11 Oct 2016) Like you Ray s... u lack all the essentials of being and ethical writer... how much do u get paid by your fruit? posted on 31 May 2017, 09:32 15 Reply 1. dubaiboy78 (Posts: 239; Member since: 19 Sep 2014) Camera location in front of screen is f**king ugly! posted on 31 May 2017, 09:56 7 Reply 8. Bankz (Posts: 1482; Member since: 08 Apr 2016) The essential phone seems to be lacking the essentials. posted on 31 May 2017, 10:14 2 Reply 13. Ray.S (Posts: 377; Member since: 19 Jul 2011) Indeed. posted on 31 May 2017, 10:29 1 Reply 17. Jason2k13 (Posts: 1287; Member since: 28 Mar 2013) Yep, I lost interest in the phone after seeing that ugly camera cut out. Everything else is fine. posted on 31 May 2017, 10:41 14 Reply 20. BuffaloSouce (Posts: 108; Member since: 01 May 2017) You mean like how the iPhone has been lacking with features android has had for years and is just now starting to catch up posted on 31 May 2017, 18:14 0 Reply 48. joeboxer (Posts: 48; Member since: 19 Feb 2015) like, whatever happened to the saygus v2 or whatever, that phone had everything posted on 31 May 2017, 18:15 0 in response to #48 in response to #48 Hide Reply 49. joeboxer (Posts: 48; Member since: 19 Feb 2015) when that was first announced, i remember all the hype posted on 31 May 2017, 11:16 0 Reply 26. Mobilephile (Posts: 161; Member since: 25 Nov 2012) Lol. Good it's different but for now, I'd still pick the Mi Mix over this. posted on 31 May 2017, 19:05 0 in response to #20 in response to #20 Hide Reply 50. Trex95 (Posts: 1076; Member since: 03 Mar 2013) You mean gimmicky features that comes with Android OEM's!. posted on 31 May 2017, 12:10 5 Reply 33. sgodsell (Posts: 4577; Member since: 16 Mar 2013) Not even close. The iPhone 7 or 7 plus use cat 9 LTE. Bluetooth 4.2, slow proprietary lightning port, HD or full HD display. This smartphone has cat 16 LTE or 1 gigabit, Bluetooth 5, USB-C, QHD display wit 85% screen, dual 13 mp cameras, a 8 mp front facing camera, Android Nougat 7.1. If any phone is missing the essentials, then it's clearly​the iPhone's that are missing. Especially for what Apple's selling price is. Apple is a rip off compared to this smartphone. posted on 31 May 2017, 09:34 9 Reply 2. HugoBarraCyanogenmod (Posts: 1334; Member since: 06 Jul 2014) It's indeed designed to flopped, however, this is just a beginning for a startup, as they make this bezeless phone to seek attention to the matured market. It may be flopped today, but who knows the future? 10 years back people also saying iPhone was a flopped that has no Adobe flash, no SD card blah blah posted on 31 May 2017, 10:28 0 Reply 16. Bankz (Posts: 1482; Member since: 08 Apr 2016) ^This posted on 31 May 2017, 09:34 15 Reply 3. Settings (Posts: 2271; Member since: 02 Jul 2014) So a holeless phone doesn't have a chance to gain marketshare? You judged the fate of a device based on it's looks. Basically, anything non-Apple or non-Samsung doesn't do well with this site. Also, you forgot the editorial tag. posted on 4 days ago, 08:11 0 Reply 61. TeriusRose (Posts: 15; Member since: 12 May 2017) I have never seen any proof that spec sheets play a significant role in how the average consumer picks their smartphone(s). At least not beyond simple things like a camera, where megapixel count is used as a marketing gimmick. The argument is this. How many people outside of the tech community do you honestly think are going to shell out $700 for a phone from a company they've never heard of before, as opposed to picking up an iPhone or a Galaxy? Once a market becomes well-established, it is very difficult to break into. Especially with anything dealing with tech or transport. Oneplus and a handful of other Chinese companies have more or less done that, but that is nearly exclusively in China itself in most cases. posted on 31 May 2017, 10:26 4 Reply 15. Bankz (Posts: 1482; Member since: 08 Apr 2016) The essential phone is a heck of release tbh, especially for a first time. What i don't understand is why they think this phone isn't going to be a hit. The phone, while obviously missing some essentials has everything to be a hit. Futuristic design, sd 835, ufs 2.1, dual cameras, stock android, 128gig storage, 4gig ram, perfect fps placement, made of titanium (which is scratch and shatter resistant) and they still think this phone was designed to flop? Infact, i'd like to know what flagship has been better than the essential in 2017 so far. Is it the the huawei p10? g6? u11? Sony? Op5? MZ2? The gs8 is the only arguable exception tbh.. posted on 31 May 2017, 09:37 1 Reply 4. DoggyDangerous (Posts: 990; Member since: 28 Aug 2015) Which big feature omission it has?? I don't see any, except 3.5mm jack. Which is gaining popularity in OEMs. posted on 4 days ago, 03:53 0 in response to #22 in response to #22 Hide Reply 59. Sammy_DEVIL737 (Posts: 63; Member since: 28 Nov 2016) Ya even pixels design is also inspired from iphone 6 posted on 4 days ago, 16:09 0 Reply 62. tedkord (Posts: 13285; Member since: 17 Jun 2009) Correction, the iPhone 6 design is a copy itself, of the HTC One M7. And, it's ugly. So ugly that when leaks of it surfaced, Apple users denied they were real, making comments like, "Apple would never release a phone that ugly." posted on 4 days ago, 16:10 0 in response to #24 in response to #24 Hide Reply 63. tedkord (Posts: 13285; Member since: 17 Jun 2009) Translation - they copied it. And, the similarities hardly boil down to just the antenna lines. The entire design is heavily borrowed from HTC. posted on 31 May 2017, 15:16 0 Reply 41. cmdacos (Posts: 463; Member since: 01 Nov 2016) IPhone 4 was the last great design in my opinion. 6 through 7 are very bland and uninspiring. posted on 31 May 2017, 09:38 10 Reply 5. fyah_king (Posts: 915; Member since: 22 Jul 2013) IPhone= good-looking? It's one of the ugliest phone around.lol People buy it for the ' posted on 31 May 2017, 10:08 5 Reply 11. Bankz (Posts: 1482; Member since: 08 Apr 2016) The iphone (whichever version) is damn good looking and is among the best looking phones of all time. The iphone 4 series was a masterpiece and a design revolution, the iphone 5 series was a design masterpiece, the iphone 6 series is the most popular and most copied phone design of all time and the iphone 8 will most probably push the boundaries and be an all time design revolution too. So stop it with the ignorance. posted on 31 May 2017, 10:42 2 Reply 21. aegislash (Posts: 954; Member since: 27 Jan 2015) Bankz, I agree with you about the iPhone having a great design...but c'mon, man, that's some TechieXP level response right there. I mean, saying the iPhone is ugly, is an opinion...how exactly is someone "ignorant" by calling a phone ugly? posted on 31 May 2017, 10:49 2 Reply 22. AxelFoley (Posts: 3; Member since: 30 May 2017) "the iphone 6 series is the most popular and most copied phone design of all time" Wouldn't this actually mean that the HTC One M8 is the most copied design of all time since the iphone 6 series copied it? posted on 31 May 2017, 10:58 0 in response to #22 in response to #22 Hide Reply 24. aegislash (Posts: 954; Member since: 27 Jan 2015) Axel, not at all. That's like saying the every device with a fingerprint scanner takes inspiration from the Moto Atrix. Sure, HTC did the antenna lines first...but virtually no one else did so, until Apple did it with the 6/6 Plus. So technically, while Apple wasn't the first to do it, they got the trend going. posted on 31 May 2017, 11:52 0 in response to #21 in response to #21 Hide Reply 30. Bankz (Posts: 1482; Member since: 08 Apr 2016) Yeah, i guess i overreacted. Its just that any body who has seeing the iphone knows that its a looker. Btw, on a lighter note, have u actually seeing of techies kind of replies? Those are epic, lol. posted on 31 May 2017, 12:00 0 in response to #22 in response to #22 Hide Reply 31. Bankz (Posts: 1482; Member since: 08 Apr 2016) Whats so similar between the ip6 and the m8? One has fps the other has non, one has speakers on the front the other has one on the bottom, one is flat and the other is curved, one has dual vertically arranged cameras while the other has a single potruding camera on the edge. The iphones even used metals before the m8, so, aside the antenna lines, what does the ip6 and the m8 have in common? posted on 31 May 2017, 23:02 0 Reply 55. sissy246 (Posts: 3569; Member since: 04 Mar 2015) Tim pay you good for that post , lol I may not be a iPhone person , but I agree that it is not a ugly phone. Best looking, nope 1 2 3 Next » view all comments Want to comment? Please login or register. Show menu Home › News › The Essential Phone was designed to flop The Essential Phone was designed to flop Popular stories Last week Last 2 days Most commented   Real-life Galaxy Note 7R (Note FE?) photos pop up: looks just like the Note 7, but has a small identifier   The Essential Phone was designed to flop   Verizon's revenge; port over your number from T-Mobile and save $300 on iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus (UPDATE)   The Essential Phone is official: a bezel-less handset for the future by the creator of Android 1 2 3 4 Recent Articles The Essential Phone was designed to flop LG software updates schedule: When will my LG phone get a new Android version? Google Photos "High quality" vs "Original": What's the difference and should you care 1 2 3 4 Hot Phones HTC U11 8.2 Review Apple iPhone 7 9.3 Review LG G6 8.7 Review Samsung Galaxy S8 9 Review Sony Xperia XZ Premium 8.7 Review Apple iPhone 7 Plus 9.3 Review Google Pixel XL 9 Review Samsung Galaxy S8+ 9 Review Latest stories   1 2 Interesting stories The Essential Phone was designed to flop Making the HTC U11: behind the scenes HTC U11 is dead on arrival HTC U 11 hands-on: putting the squeeze on its competition The HTC U11 is the company's new flagship, and you can squeeze it! Best smartphones you can buy right now: May 2017 You got cropped! Stages of video binge grief on the S8 and S8+ Is the media misleading you about the Samsung Galaxy S8 display? Home Manufacturers Carriers News Reviews Discussions Videos PhoneArena network: CDN services by: Affiliates: PubGalaxy, Cell phone accessories About Us . Advertise . Contact Us . Database Licensing . Links . Jobs All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2017 phoneArena.com. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy . Terms of use . Cookies . Team View mobile version  
Premium News Sport Business Money Opinion Obituaries Travel Tech & Science Culture Film TV Lifestyle Fashion Luxury Cars Video Free Mobile App Jobs Financial Services Rewards Events Dating Offers Shop Garden Shop Bookshop Box Office Puzzles Fantasy Football Wine Shop Work at The Telegraph Log out My Account Subscribe Rewards Search Video Login Register Subscribe Rewards Search Video Log out Rewards My Account Search Video Home News Sport Business ALL SECTIONS Technology News Reviews Opinion Internet security Social media Apple Google More Telegraph Technology When is WWDC 2017 and what will Tim Cook and Apple announce? Apple chief executive Tim Cook at WWDC in 2015 Credit: Bloomberg Matthew Field 4 June 2017 • 11:13am Apple's worldwide developers' conference is happening next week and Tim Cook is due to announce a host of upgrades to its software, as well as a host of anticipated new products. The Cupertino giant is expected to unveil new hardware at the annual event. This could include an iPad and refresh of the MacBook devices. Apple is rumoured to be working on a standalone product to house its virtual assistant Siri, which could be unveiled next week. The announcements will also feature a run down of the next generation of Apple's mobile operating system, iOS 11, as well as an upgrade for its macOS, watchOS and TV OS. What is WWDC and when is it?  WWDC is Apple's annual developers' conference in California, which has become a platform for the announcement of its latest operating systems and products. The conference starts on June 5 and runs until June 9 at the McEnery Convention Center in San Jose, California. On the first day, Monday, Apple's chief Tim Cook will deliver his keynote speech in which he is expected to reveal the major announcements. The two-hour presentation will start at 10am PST, or 6pm in the UK. Apple WWDC How can I watch the event? You can tune in to Apple's website to watch the presentation live here, or through the WWDC iOS app. The Telegraph will be covering the event live, bringing you the most important news regarding iOS 11 and Apple's new products as it happens. What is Apple going to announce?  While last year's conference focused on software, many tipsters are predicting several hardware announcements from Mr Cook this time around.  Is Apple going to announce the iPhone 8 at WWDC?  Apple is not expected to unveil the iPhone 8 at WWDC, but will probably follow tradition and hold a separate event for the flagship device in September. The company hasn't unveiled a phone at its developers' conference since the iPhone 4 in 2010.  What will the iPhone 8 look like? The event will, however, feature the release of iOS 11, the software due to ship with the iPhone 8 when it goes on sale later this year.  iOS 11 iOS 11 is expected to  feature an update to virtual assistant Siri, as well as a refresh for Apple Music that puts the focus on original video. The recently released Instagram-rival Clips app could also be showcased, as well as an update to Apple Pay that lets users transfer money between iPhones.  For everything we know so far about iOS 11 check out our separate piece here.  Siri Speaker There is little hard news on Apple's rumoured Siri speaker, which is rumoured to be a rival to Amazon's popular Echo speaker, the recently released Echo Show, the Google Home and Samsung's new Harman Kardon speaker. Siri could be in line for an upgrade Bloomberg reported last year that Apple had started testing a prototype voice-controlled smart home device, but the rumour mill has since been fairly quiet regarding the product. Apple released HomeKit back with iOS 8, its app for a network of connected devices, but is yet to launch its own smart home device. New MacBook laptops and computers Apple is reportedly planning to refresh its most of its MacBook lineup at WWDC, fighting off competition from Microsoft, which announced a new Surface Laptop to compete with the MacBook Air. Apple's new MacBook Pro will come with the latest Intel Core i7 Kaby Lake processors, while both the 12-inch MacBook and 13-inch MacBook Air will get updates, according to Bloomberg. The MacBook Air is long overdue a refresh. Although it has not been updated since 2015, it remains one of the company's most popular laptops due to its price. The MacBook Pro range has recently had an availability update on the Apple Store, with orders held on some products until after 5 June. New 10.5-inch iPad Pro The new iPad 2017 has caused renewed speculation of an update to the iPad Pro Credit: Apple Prominent Apple analyst Ming-Chi Quo has been touting a new range of iPads this year. Back in January he predicted new releases this year for 9.7-inch, 10.5-inch and 12.3-inch iPads. The 9.7-inch iPad 2017 was unveiled earlier this year, leading to speculation that a refresh of the iPad Pro line, which was first released back in November 2015, could be on the cards. macOS and other software updates Last year, Apple updated its OS X system to macOS, now in its current 10.12.5 iteration. Apple may introduce a new update for the computer software, speculatively called macOS 10.13, but there are no hard details yet. Apple is likely to also refresh its WatchOS operating system and its TVOS. Best technology you can buy grid Share this article Follow Telegraph Science & Tech Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Instagram Follow on Pinterest View comments If you would like to add a comment, please register or log in Register Log in Please review our commenting policy Follow Telegraph Science & Tech Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Instagram Follow on Pinterest Related Topics MacBook iPhone The Apple Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) iOS Apple iPad Show more Technology latest 05 Jun 2017, 12:01am Comment: As AI moves on, it's time for Apple's Siri to grow up James Titcomb Premium 04 Jun 2017, 11:12am WWDC 2017: iOS 11 best features and release date, plus everything we know about Apple's new software 03 Jun 2017, 7:30pm Price comparison site Kelkoo takes Google to High Court over abuse of search dominance 03 Jun 2017, 6:00am The British scientists on the brink of changing the human race forever Premium 03 Jun 2017, 6:00am The best smartwatch to buy in 2017 03 Jun 2017, 3:09am A wizard idea? Harry Potter fans set to get magical pub in London 02 Jun 2017, 4:16pm Sage sells US payments business for £200m 02 Jun 2017, 4:11pm Facebook 'to launch new teen messaging app that can be monitored by parents' 02 Jun 2017, 4:00pm Laptop deals for June 2017 02 Jun 2017, 12:59pm Comment: Facebook's moderation policy aids bullies and censors their victims. When will we stand up? Jane Fae Premium Gallery 02 Jun 2017, 12:23pm Gallery: What will the iPhone 8 look like? 02 Jun 2017, 12:21pm iPhone 8: Release date, rumours and everything you need to know 02 Jun 2017, 12:01pm The new space race: Why tourists could travel to space as early as next year Premium 02 Jun 2017, 11:53am Google Doodle celebrates ICC Champions Trophy with addictive cricket game - what you need to know about tournament 02 Jun 2017, 11:24am Self-driving cars will add $7 trillion a year to global economy, says Intel 02 Jun 2017, 10:50am Delayed flight? This app will automatically reimburse you Gallery 02 Jun 2017, 9:25am Gallery: Inside Google's spectacular new London offices 02 Jun 2017, 8:04am Why does Google Street View’s 'Pegman' have a party hat and balloons? 01:35 02 Jun 2017, 7:00am Snapchat Spectacles go on sale in the UK: Where to buy them and how they work 02 Jun 2017, 6:00am Driverless cars, hypersonic tunnels, no more traffic lights... Is this the future of travel? 01 Jun 2017, 9:04pm Facebook shareholders reject fake news proposal Contact us Rewards Archive Reader Prints Branded Content Syndication Guidelines Privacy Terms and Conditions Leave your feedback © Telegraph Media Group Limited 2017 We've noticed you're adblocking. We rely on advertising to help fund our award-winning journalism. We urge you to turn off your ad blocker for The Telegraph website so that you can continue to access our quality content in the future. Thank you for your support. Need help? Click here for instructions Close
We use cookies to give you the best online experience. By using our website you agree to our use of cookies in accordance with our cookie policy. Learn more here.Close Me Home > USA > Litigation, Mediation & Arbitration United States: Statements Made in IPR Preliminary Responses May Trigger Later Prosecution Disclaimer Last Updated: May 31 2017 Article by Marc Lorelli and John Rondini Brooks Kushman Your LinkedIn Connections at Firm Aylus Networks, Inc. v. Apple Inc., No. 2016-1599 (Fed. Cir. May 11, 2017) In a case of first impression, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit has held that a patent owner's statements made in a preliminary statement during an AIA inter partes review (IPR) proceeding may create prosecution disclaimer during subsequent federal court litigation. The court ruled that IPR proceedings are administrative in nature, and the same policies that support disclaimer based on statements made during examination or reexamination proceedings equally apply to statements made during IPR proceedings. Background Aylus Networks, Inc. owns U.S. Patent No. RE 44,412, which covers systems and methods for implementing digital home networks having a control point located on a wide area network. Aylus filed an action against Apple Inc. in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California, alleging that Apple's AirPlay feature infringed the '412 patent. Apple responded to the lawsuit by filing two petitions with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office seeking inter partes review of claims in the '412 patent. During the IPR, Aylus filed a preliminary response arguing why Apple's petitions should not be instituted. The preliminary responses included statements concerning one limitation in the '412 patent claims, "wherein the CPP logic is invoked to negotiate media content delivery between the MS and the MR[.]" The Patent Trial and Appeal Board (PTAB) instituted review on some challenged claims, but denied review on other claims. After institution, Aylus voluntarily dismissed the district court infringement action as to the claims on which the PTAB instituted review, but continued to litigate two claims as to which the PTAB did not institute review. Apple then filed a motion for summary judgment of noninfringement of the non-instituted claims. Apple argued that the claims should be construed in light of statements Aylus made in its preliminary response to the Patent Office, and under Apple's proposed construction the accused AirPlay device did not infringe. The district court granted summary judgment, adopting Apple's proposed construction of the disputed term and ruling that Aylus' statements in the IPR response were "akin to prosecution disclaimer." Aylus appealed the summary judgment ruling to the Federal Circuit. Federal Circuit Rules that Even IPR Statements May Constitute Disclaimer On appeal, the Federal Circuit affirmed the district court. In a panel decision written by Circuit Judge Stoll, the court held that statements made during IPR proceedings, including in the patent owner's preliminary response, can be used to construe a patent's claims, and may result in a disclaimer of claim scope if the statements are a clear and unmistakable surrender of claim scope. Prosecution disclaimer occurs when a patent owner, through amendment or argument, "unequivocally and unambiguously disavows a certain meaning to obtain a patent[.]" Slip op. at 8, quoting Biogen Idec, Inc. v. GlaxoSmithKline LLC, 713 F.3d 1090, 1095 (Fed. Cir. 2013). In that event, "the doctrine of prosecution history disclaimer narrows the meaning of the claim consistent with the scope of the claim surrendered." Id. The Federal Circuit noted that although prosecution disclaimer first was recognized for statements made during examination, it has been applied in other PTO proceedings, including reissue and reexaminations. The court noted that, "[o]ver time, prosecution disclaimer has become a fundamental precept in our claim construction jurisprudence, which promotes the public notice function of the intrinsic evidence and protects the public's reliance on definitive statements made during prosecution." Slip op. at 9 (quotation omitted). The court ruled that, for the same reasons, statements made during IPR proceedings may result in prosecution disclaimer: It follows that we should apply the doctrine in IPR proceedings before the PTO. Extending the prosecution disclaimer doctrine to IPR proceedings will ensure that claims are not argued one way in order to maintain their patentability and in a different way against accused infringers. In keeping with the underlying purposes of the doctrine, this extension will "promote[] the public notice function of the intrinsic evidence and protect[] the public's reliance on definitive statements made during" IPR proceedings. [Omega Eng'g, Inc. v. Raytek Corp., 334 F.3d 1314, 1324 (Fed. Cir. 2003)]. Slip op. at 10-11 (citation omitted). The court rejected Aylus' arguments to the contrary. First, the court noted that an IPR proceeding is essentially an administrative, not an adjudicative, proceeding, and thus is similar to examination or reexamination. The court observed that in Cuozzo Speed Technologies, LLC v. Lee, 136 S. Ct. 2131 (2016), the Supreme Court characterized IPR proceedings as a "reexamination" or "second look" at an earlier examination. This, the Federal Circuit concluded, Because an IPR proceeding involves reexamination of an earlier administrative grant of a patent, it follows that statements made by a patent owner during an IPR proceeding can be considered during claim construction and relied upon to support a finding of prosecution disclaimer. Slip op. at 12. The appeal court also rejected Aylus' argument that the preliminary statement could not create a disclaimer because it preceded the actual IPR institution decision. For purposes of disclaimer, however, the court found that distinction irrelevant: An IPR proceeding is a two-step process: the Director's decision whether to institute a proceeding, followed (if the proceeding is instituted) by the Board's conduct of the proceeding and decision with respect to patentability. We have said that an "IPR does not begin until it is instituted," Shaw Indus. Grp., Inc. v. Automated Creel Sys., Inc., 817 F.3d 1293, 1300 (Fed. Cir. 2016), but for the purposes of prosecution disclaimer, we find the differences between the two phases of an IPR to be a distinction without a difference. A patent owner's preliminary response filed prior to an institution decision and a patent owner's response filed after institution are both official papers filed with the PTO and made available to the public. In both official papers, the patent owner can define claim terms and otherwise make representations about claim scope to avoid prior art for the purposes of either demonstrating that there is not a reasonable likelihood that the claims are unpatentable on the asserted grounds or demonstrating that the challenger has not shown by a preponderance of the evidence that the claims are unpatentable on the asserted grounds. Regardless of when the statements are made during the proceeding, the public is "entitled to rely on those representations when determining a course of lawful conduct, such as launching a new product or designing-around a patented invention." Biogen, 713 F.3d at 1095. Slip op. at 13-14 (quotation omitted). Finally, the court held that Aylus' statements in the preliminary statements were a clear and unmistakable surrender of claim scope, and thus established a disclaimer for purposes of construing the '412 patent claims. Therefore, the court affirmed the district court's grant of summary judgment. Practical Significance A patent owner faces several strategic decisions during AIA trial proceedings. In many instances, the patent owner's best chance to avoid cancellation of challenged claims is to avoid the institution of review. Thus, many patent owners opt to file preliminary statements arguing that no basis for review exists by distinguishing the claims over the prior art. The Aylus decision points out that this strategy is not without risk because any statement made in a preliminary response, including claim construction arguments, may be used later to construe claim language. The Aylus court's analysis likely applies to all statements made during IPR proceedings, as well as statements made in post grant review and covered business method reviews. In addition, although the Federal Circuit has not addressed the broader issue, patent owners should expect that short of actual disclaimer, all statements made during AIA post grant proceedings, including statements in expert reports, will be considered "intrinsic" evidence that a district court may consider, along with the patent specification and prosecution history, in conducting claim construction. Originally published May 16, 2017 The content of this article is intended to provide a general guide to the subject matter. Specialist advice should be sought about your specific circumstances. To print this article, all you need is to be registered on Mondaq.com. Click to Login as an existing user or Register so you can print this article. Do you have a Question or Comment? Click here to email the Author Interested in the next Webinar on this Topic? Click here to register your Interest Contributor Marc Lorelli Brooks Kushman Email Firm View Website Events from this Firm More from this Firm More from this Author News About this Firm Authors Marc Lorelli John Rondini More Popular Related Articles on Litigation, Mediation & Arbitration from USA The Inadvertent Settlement Agreement (And How To Avoid It) Proskauer Rose LLP The recent case of Jarvis v. BMW of North America, LLC is an important reminder to attorneys to avoid inadvertently reaching a settlement agreement that is unacceptable to the client... Supreme Court Decision Alert - May 30, 2017 Mayer Brown Today, the Supreme Court issued two decisions, described below, of interest to the business community: Intellectual Property�Patent Exhaustion & Federal Employer's Liability Act�Personal Jurisdiction Independent Contractor Trucker Dodges FAA Arbitration And Keeps His Class Action Alive BakerHostetler In Oliveira v. New Prime, Inc., No. 15-2364 (May 12, 2017), the U.S. Court of Appeals for the First Circuit confronted two arbitration-related questions of first impression in that Circuit. Class Action Filed Against Chipotle For Data Security Breach Involving Payment Processing System Troutman Sanders LLP On May 4, Bellwether Community Credit Union filed a class action suit on behalf of a proposed class of financial institutions in Colorado federal court against Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc... U.S. Supreme Court Says: We Mean It--You Can't Single Out Arbitration Agreements For Disfavored Treatment Foley & Lardner On Monday, May 15, 2017, the Supreme Court issued its latest reminder to state and lower federal courts that they must treat arbitration agreements as equally valid as all other contracts. Federal Judges Blow Their Stacks Over Boilerplate Objections Baker Sterchi Cowden & Rice LLC. A little less than two weeks apart, two federal judges emphatically let practitioners in their districts know how much they despise boilerplate objections to written discovery. Court Rejects Claim That Arbitrator's Ruling Was In Manifest Disregard Of The Law Carlton Fields A court has granted a petition to confirm an arbitration award despite the defendant's argument that the arbitrator acted in manifest disregard of the law. Court Muzzles Counsel: Says Defendants Cannot Ask Plaintiffs If Their Attorneys Referred Them To Treating Physicians Baker Sterchi Cowden & Rice LLC. Defense lawyers routinely ask personal injury plaintiffs how they came to be treated by their doctors.   In association with Mondaq Advice Center (MACs) Intellectual Property Investment Immigration Trademarks in SAARC Countries More Advice Centers Related Topics Similar Topics Litigation, Mediation & Arbitration Trials & Appeals & Compensation Intellectual Property Patent Litigation, Mediation & Arbitration Arbitration & Dispute Resolution Civil Law Class Actions Court Procedure Disclosure & Electronic Discovery & Privilege Libel & Defamation Personal Injury Professional Negligence Sovereign Immunity: Public Sector Government Related Articles Recently Viewed Do Winning Parties Tend To Have More Amicus Support In Criminal Cases (Part 1)? Sedgwick LLP The Hague Service Convention Does Not Prohibit Service Of Process By Mail Finnegan, Henderson, Farabow, Garrett & Dunner, LLP Fifth Circuit Confirms That Documents Listed On A Privilege Log Are Not Per-Se Privileged Proskauer Rose LLP Supreme Court Makes A "Splash," Upholds Hague Service By Mail, And Leaves Us Lost In Translation Wilson Elser Moskowitz Edelman & Dicker LLP What Can We Infer When Justice Kilbride Asks The First Question In Criminal Cases? Sedgwick LLP Breaking News − Personal Jurisdiction � The Sound Of One Shoe Dropping Reed Smith Right For The Wrong Reason - Reversal Requires More Than Just An Error Carlton Fields What Can We Infer From Justice Kilbride's Question Patterns In Criminal Cases? Sedgwick LLP This Week's Florida Appeals: Week of May 22-26, 2017 Carlton Fields Is A Respondent's Own Post-Importation Infringement A Violation Of Section 337? Jones Day Recently viewed items tracks each article you read and gives you a quick link back to that article if you need to review it again. To activate recently viewed, you just need to login or register with us above. Related Video Trial Strategies � Running Into a Brick Wall, Who Wears a Black Robe: Tips For Trying a Case Before a Hostile Judge (Video Content) Proskauer Rose LLP ABA Section Of Litigation Hosts Inaugural Forum For LGBT Attorneys And Allies (Video) Fenwick & West LLP The AXA Decision and Excessive Fee Litigation: Takeaways for the Investment Management Community Ropes & Gray LLP View More Videos Up-coming Events Search Region / Country...WorldwideUnited StatesLatin AmericaEuropeAsia PacificAsiaEuropean UnionU.K.BrazilCanadaCyprusCzech RepublicDenmarkFranceGermanyHong KongItalyMexicoSpainUKUnited StatesJerseyGuernseySerbia Show More Filters Timeframe...This WeekNext Two WeeksNext MonthNext Quarter Event Type...Business BreakfastConferenceOtherPodcastSeminarSpeaking EngagementWebinarWorkshop Location...Brazil- San PauloCanada- Calgary- Montreal- Ontario- Ottawa- Toronto- VancouverCyprus- NicosiaCzech Republic- PragueDenmark- CopenhagenFrance- ParisGermany- BerlinGuernsey- St Peter PortHong Kong- Hong KongItaly- ParmaJersey- UnknownMexico- MexicoSerbia- BelgradeSpain- MadridUK- Birmingham- LondonUnited States- Arizona- Atlanta- Boston- California- Chicago- Dallas- Denver- Hershey- Kansas City- Las Vegas- Los Angeles- New York- Pittsburgh- San Diego- San Francisco- St Louis- Texas- Washington, DC GO Tools Print Font Size: Translation Channels Mondaq on Twitter Free News Alert Custom RSS Feed Download on iPhone & Android Contact Us | Your Privacy | Feedback © Mondaq� Ltd 1994 - 2017 All Rights Reserved   News Alert|Login|Register Login / Register Free News Alert Privacy/ Cookies Terms & Conditions About Mondaq Unsubscribe TOPICS| REGIONS| CONTRIBUTORS| ADVICE CENTER| OUR SERVICES Employment| Healthcare| Commercial| Finance| IP| Litigation| Privacy| Tax| Energy| Media & IT| Government| Immigration| More Compliance Law Performance Wealth Mgt Accounting Law Practice Strategy Family Transport Criminal International Anti-trust Insolvency Technology Real Estate Environment Insurance Consumer All Regions |USA |Canada |UK |Europe |Offshore |Asia Pacific |Australia |Latin America |Middle East & Africa |India | More Contributors A-Z | Most Popular Contributors | Most Popular Authors | Author League | Award Winners | Become a Contributor About Mondaq | Become a Contributor | Become a Partner | What's New | Contact Us Become a MAC Partner Select Advice Centre| Mondaq Advice Centre - About| Albania Argentina Austria Barbados Belgium Bermuda Brazil British Virgin Islands Cayman Islands Chile China Colombia Cyprus Czech Republic Ecuador France Germany Gibraltar Guernsey Hong Kong Hungary India Indonesia Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Japan Jersey Kazakhstan Luxembourg Malaysia Malta Mauritius Mexico Netherlands New Zealand Nigeria Panama Peru Poland Portugal Romania Russian Federation Saudi Arabia Singapore South Africa South Korea Spain Switzerland Turkey Ukraine United Arab Emirates Uruguay Vietnam Accounting and Audit Anti-trust/Competition Law Compliance Consumer Protection Corporate/Commercial Law Criminal Law Employment and HR Energy and Natural Resources Environment Family and Matrimonial Finance and Banking Food, Drugs, Healthcare, Life Sciences Government, Public Sector Immigration Insolvency/Bankruptcy/Re-structuring Insurance Intellectual Property International Law Law Department Performance Law Practice Management Litigation, Mediation & Arbitration Media, Telecoms, IT, Entertainment Privacy Real Estate and Construction Strategy Tax Technology Transport Wealth Management All Regions USA Canada UK Europe Offshore Asia Pacific Australia Latin America Middle East & Africa Other Countries Albania Argentina Austria Barbados Belgium Bermuda Brazil British Virgin Islands Cayman Islands Chile China Colombia Cyprus Czech Republic Ecuador France Germany Gibraltar Guernsey Hong Kong Hungary India Indonesia Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Japan Jersey Kazakhstan Luxembourg Malaysia Malta Mauritius Mexico Netherlands New Zealand Nigeria Panama Peru Poland Portugal Romania Russian Federation Saudi Arabia Singapore South Africa South Korea Spain Switzerland Turkey Ukraine United Arab Emirates Uruguay Vietnam Register for Access and our Free Biweekly Alert for This service is completely free. Access 250,000 archived articles from 100+ countries and get a personalised email twice a week covering developments (and yes, our lawyers like to think you�ve read our Disclaimer).   Email Address Company Name Password Confirm Password Position CEO, Owner, Chairman, President, Mng Director Director, Vice President, Senior Company Executive Inhouse Counsel, Lawyer in Company/Government CFO/FD, Inhouse Accountant, Treasurer Corporate/Company Secretary, Compliance Officer Lawyer in Law Firm, Private Practice, Barrister Consultant, Accountant in Accountancy Firm, Practicing Accountant Banker, Stockbroker, Analyst, Economist Marketing, Business Development Editor, Journalist, Researcher IS/IT Student, Academic HR Please Select Position Mondaq Topics -- Select your Interests  Accounting  Anti-trust  Commercial  Compliance  Consumer  Criminal  Employment  Energy  Environment  Family  Finance  Government  Healthcare  Immigration  Insolvency  Insurance  International  IP  Law Performance  Law Practice  Litigation  Media & IT  Privacy  Real Estate  Strategy  Tax  Technology  Transport  Wealth Mgt Regions Africa Asia Asia Pacific Australasia Canada Caribbean Europe European Union Latin America Middle East U.K. United States Worldwide Updates Check to state you have read and agree to our Terms and Conditions Terms & Conditions and Privacy Statement Mondaq.com (the Website) is owned and managed by Mondaq Ltd and as a user you are granted a non-exclusive, revocable license to access the Website under its terms and conditions of use. Your use of the Website constitutes your agreement to the following terms and conditions of use. Mondaq Ltd may terminate your use of the Website if you are in breach of these terms and conditions or if Mondaq Ltd decides to terminate your license of use for whatever reason. Use of www.mondaq.com You may use the Website but are required to register as a user if you wish to read the full text of the content and articles available (the Content). You may not modify, publish, transmit, transfer or sell, reproduce, create derivative works from, distribute, perform, link, display, or in any way exploit any of the Content, in whole or in part, except as expressly permitted in these terms & conditions or with the prior written consent of Mondaq Ltd. You may not use electronic or other means to extract details or information about Mondaq.com�s content, users or contributors in order to offer them any services or products which compete directly or indirectly with Mondaq Ltd�s services and products. Disclaimer Mondaq Ltd and/or its respective suppliers make no representations about the suitability of the information contained in the documents and related graphics published on this server for any purpose. All such documents and related graphics are provided "as is" without warranty of any kind. Mondaq Ltd and/or its respective suppliers hereby disclaim all warranties and conditions with regard to this information, including all implied warranties and conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title and non-infringement. In no event shall Mondaq Ltd and/or its respective suppliers be liable for any special, indirect or consequential damages or any damages whatsoever resulting from loss of use, data or profits, whether in an action of contract, negligence or other tortious action, arising out of or in connection with the use or performance of information available from this server. The documents and related graphics published on this server could include technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. Changes are periodically added to the information herein. Mondaq Ltd and/or its respective suppliers may make improvements and/or changes in the product(s) and/or the program(s) described herein at any time. Registration Mondaq Ltd requires you to register and provide information that personally identifies you, including what sort of information you are interested in, for three primary purposes: To allow you to personalize the Mondaq websites you are visiting. To enable features such as password reminder, newsletter alerts, email a colleague, and linking from Mondaq (and its affiliate sites) to your website. To produce demographic feedback for our information providers who provide information free for your use. Mondaq (and its affiliate sites) do not sell or provide your details to third parties other than information providers. The reason we provide our information providers with this information is so that they can measure the response their articles are receiving and provide you with information about their products and services. If you do not want us to provide your name and email address you may opt out by clicking here . If you do not wish to receive any future announcements of products and services offered by Mondaq by clicking here . Information Collection and Use We require site users to register with Mondaq (and its affiliate sites) to view the free information on the site. We also collect information from our users at several different points on the websites: this is so that we can customise the sites according to individual usage, provide 'session-aware' functionality, and ensure that content is acquired and developed appropriately. This gives us an overall picture of our user profiles, which in turn shows to our Editorial Contributors the type of person they are reaching by posting articles on Mondaq (and its affiliate sites) � meaning more free content for registered users. We are only able to provide the material on the Mondaq (and its affiliate sites) site free to site visitors because we can pass on information about the pages that users are viewing and the personal information users provide to us (e.g. email addresses) to reputable contributing firms such as law firms who author those pages. We do not sell or rent information to anyone else other than the authors of those pages, who may change from time to time. Should you wish us not to disclose your details to any of these parties, please tick the box above or tick the box marked "Opt out of Registration Information Disclosure" on the Your Profile page. We and our author organisations may only contact you via email or other means if you allow us to do so. Users can opt out of contact when they register on the site, or send an email to unsubscribe@mondaq.com with �no disclosure� in the subject heading Mondaq News Alerts In order to receive Mondaq News Alerts, users have to complete a separate registration form. This is a personalised service where users choose regions and topics of interest and we send it only to those users who have requested it. Users can stop receiving these Alerts by going to the Mondaq News Alerts page and deselecting all interest areas. In the same way users can amend their personal preferences to add or remove subject areas. Cookies A cookie is a small text file written to a user�s hard drive that contains an identifying user number. The cookies do not contain any personal information about users. We use the cookie so users do not have to log in every time they use the service and the cookie will automatically expire if you do not visit the Mondaq website (or its affiliate sites) for 12 months. We also use the cookie to personalise a user's experience of the site (for example to show information specific to a user's region). As the Mondaq sites are fully personalised and cookies are essential to its core technology the site will function unpredictably with browsers that do not support cookies - or where cookies are disabled (in these circumstances we advise you to attempt to locate the information you require elsewhere on the web). However if you are concerned about the presence of a Mondaq cookie on your machine you can also choose to expire the cookie immediately (remove it) by selecting the 'Log Off' menu option as the last thing you do when you use the site. Some of our business partners may use cookies on our site (for example, advertisers). However, we have no access to or control over these cookies and we are not aware of any at present that do so. Log Files We use IP addresses to analyse trends, administer the site, track movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information. Links This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that Mondaq (or its affiliate sites) are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of these third party sites. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Web site. Surveys & Contests From time-to-time our site requests information from users via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and the user therefore has a choice whether or not to disclose any information requested. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and delivery address), and demographic information (such as postcode, age level). Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the functionality of the site. Mail-A-Friend If a user elects to use our referral service for informing a friend about our site, we ask them for the friend�s name and email address. Mondaq stores this information and may contact the friend to invite them to register with Mondaq, but they will not be contacted more than once. The friend may contact Mondaq to request the removal of this information from our database. Security This website takes every reasonable precaution to protect our users� information. When users submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected using firewalls and other security technology. If you have any questions about the security at our website, you can send an email to webmaster@mondaq.com. Correcting/Updating Personal Information If a user�s personally identifiable information changes (such as postcode), or if a user no longer desires our service, we will endeavour to provide a way to correct, update or remove that user�s personal data provided to us. This can usually be done at the �Your Profile� page or by sending an email to EditorialAdvisor@mondaq.com. Notification of Changes If we decide to change our Terms & Conditions or Privacy Policy, we will post those changes on our site so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify users by way of an email. Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected. How to contact Mondaq You can contact us with comments or queries at enquiries@mondaq.com. If for some reason you believe Mondaq Ltd. has not adhered to these principles, please notify us by e-mail at problems@mondaq.com and we will use commercially reasonable efforts to determine and correct the problem promptly.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures Discounts My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Russian filings reveal FOUR new iPads and a 'magic' keyboard coming from Apple's Monday event Apple is set to release new products at its Worldwide Developers Conference  Leaked Eurasian regulatory filing has revealed new Apple products  Suggests four iPad Pros and a new wireless keyboard will launch on Monday  By Stacy Liberatore For Dailymail.com Published: 12:41 EDT, 31 May 2017 | Updated: 12:45 EDT, 31 May 2017 e-mail 8 shares 20 View comments Apple may use its Worldwide Developers Conference to showcase new software and technologies for developers, but rumors have suggested the tech giant has a few surprises for its customers. A leaked Eurasian regulatory filing has revealed that the firm will unveil four new iPad Pros, identified with model numbers A1671, A1709, A1670 and A1701. The documents have also highlighted a next-generation wireless keyboard that is believed to be the latest version of Apple’s Magic Keyboard. Leaked Eurasian regulators filings revealed that Apple will unveil four iPad Pros, identified with model numbers A1671, A1709, A1670 and A1701. The documents also highlighted a next-generation Apple’s Magic Keyboard NEW APPLE PRODUCTS  The Russian-language filing shows a model number A1843, which references to a next-generation Apple wireless keyboard and four other numbers (A1671, A1709, A1670 and A1701) that have been speculated to be new iPad Pro models. The wirelesss keyboard would be the predecessor to the Apple Magic Keyboard, which has been unchanged since 2015.  The four new iPads, if set for the event, could be unveiled alongside a 10-in and a 12.9-in  iPad Pro that was rumored earlier this month.  It has also been speculated that Apple will debut its secretive Siri-powered smart speaker at the Worldwide Developers Conference as well.  Apple’s Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) is set to kick off in San Jose, California on June 5 and last until June 9.  And over the past few months, numerous rumors have flooded the internet with speculations of new products. Now, a Russian-language regulatory filing, in the Eurasian Economic Commission database, has brought even more products to light, 9to5Mac reported. The filing shows a model number A1843, which references to a next-generation Apple wireless keyboard and four other numbers (A1671, A1709, A1670 and A1701) that have been speculated to be new iPad Pro models. Rumors surrounding the possibility of new iPads first made their way to the web earlier this month. The news came from KGI analyst Ming-Chi Kuo, which said there is more than a 70 percent chance that a 10.5-inch iPad Pro will be revealed at the conference. Kuo described the iPad as 'an all-new design', as it will have the same chassis size as the 9.7-inch model, but will boast a larger screen. It is believed that the device will mirror the design of Apple's upcoming iPhone 8. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Apple's iPhone 8 will be smaller than the 7 Plus but with a... Sound familiar? North Korea launches its own tablet called... Blackberry is back: $550 KEYone Android handset which brings... Is the sky BRUISED? Astronomers say mysterious cold spot in... Share this article Share A few weeks later, other sources shared two cases for the new iPad, but this time, a 12.9-inch device was added into the mix. One photo was posted on Twitter by tech journalist Shai Mizrachi, who also noted that the ‘Chinese factory already started to make it’. Two sources shared photos of cases for each of a 10-in (left) and 12.9-in (right) iPad Pro earlier this month, which could be unveiled along side the four new devices listed in the Russian regulatory filing  The filing has identified at least four new iPads (stock photo) with model numbers A1671, A1709, A1670 and A1701 The leaked case has suggested that it will mirror the design of Apple’s upcoming iPhone 8 with narrower bezels and a large screen on a small chassis – just as Kuo did. Another set of images, shared by Benjamin Geskin, depict wood and fabric cases for both the 10.5-in and 12.9-in iPad Pros. Gesik has also revealed that the 10.5-in model ‘won’t be bezel-less’ and will have a home button. But the Russian filings have proposed that there are four new iPads, which some have suggested will be unveiled alongside the 10.5-inch and 12.9-inch devices. The filing shows a model number A1843, which references to a next-generation Apple wireless keyboard - Apple Magic Keyboard. This device has been unchanged since 2015 (pictured) so an upgrade could be overdue  The documents also highlight a new Apple Magic Keyboard, which has not been upgraded since 2015. Although many iOS users are looking forward to seeing new iPads at the event, it is the Siri-powered speaker that has many sitting on the edge of their seats. Since April, it has been believed that Apple is set to release its own smart speaker at WWDC, which will feature ‘excellent’ sound with seven tweeters and a subwoofer. 'It will be positioned as a more premium product than the Echo … with a higher price tag to match, the site says. Although it is not clear if the rumors are true, if Apple's smart speaker does hit the market 'it would be Apple's most significant piece of new hardware' since debuting the Apple Watch in 2014'.  Sonny Dickson, who is known for sharing inside information in the tech world, recently shared on Twitter that the device will carry some form of Beats technology and is expected to run on variant iOS'. Dickson also told Mashable that it would have a 'concave top' with the controls, 'Mac Pro style.'  Read more: Eurasian filings indicate new MacBooks, iPads and Apple Magic Keyboard coming at WWDC | 9to5Mac Share or comment on this article e-mail 8 shares Most watched News videos Dramatic footage shows huge brawl at drinking spot in Newcastle Caravan dangerously sways and blocks dual carriageway Man boots scooter rider while being arrested by the police Dashcam captures moment 'confused' driver causes three way smash Heart-stopping moment lorry pushes car across motorway New video shows US intercepting fake nuke in flight test Topless man frogmarched down street at gunpoint by police in Marbella Terrifying moment police motorbike swerves into fast lane on M8 Moment Jeremy Corbyn fails to provide figures during interview Dramatic video of last ever Sea Vixen crash landing in flames Road rage pair kung-fu fight in middle of traffic jam in Malaga Skilled teacher manoeuvres his car out with TWO INCHES of space Russian explorers find £13.5million in old Soviet money... Remarkable colourised images capture lighter side of the... French police seize almost £1million worth of Ferraris... Body of Brazilian football legend Mane Garrincha has... Stunning aerial photos celebrating Britain's once-great... Secretive group of global power brokers the Bilderberg... 'We will spoil the enemy's wild dream to command the... Drug trafficking gang who posed with wads of cash, flash... As the world teeters on the brink of a new Cold War,... US blasts 'unsafe and unprofessional' Chinese pilots... Porridge and Game of Thrones actor Peter Vaughan left... Eerie footage shows the rusting remains of a British... Copenhagen's iconic Little Mermaid statue is doused in... Pest controller finds 10 gigantic wasps nests each up to... Lebanon BANS the blockbuster movie Wonder Woman because... Incredible photos reveal what life was like on the... British Airways IT shutdown that led to chaos for 75,000... So THIS is where your luggage is! BA bag is blown along... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 20 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. We are no longer accepting comments on this article. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read Secrets of the Thirty Years' War soldiers exposed: Mass grave of 47 men who died in battle 400 years ago... Shimmering lights spotted near 'Britain's UFO capital' spark rumours of another extra-terrestrial sighting San Diego's Rose Canyon fault is MORE dangerous than thought and could trigger a massive earthquake that... What's inside the 'pit of Mars'? Satellites spot strange 'Swiss cheese' area of the red planet next to a... 'They were hauling a big creature': New footage reveals what Deputy Sheriff said he saw at Roswell, in UFO... MIT scientists say Trump misrepresented their work and didn't check with them when he said Paris climate... The instantly rechargeable battery that could revolutionize electric cars (and mean you'll never have to sit... The 'kill vehicle' that could blast North Korea's missiles out of the sky: Pentagon fast tracks $260m... Siri set to get supercharged as Apple declares war on Amazon's Alexa US Army reveals Cold War Stinger anti aircraft missile will be used to shoot down DRONES in battle against... Want to buy sexy clothes? It might be in your hormones: Women are more inclined to buy raunchy outfits in... LA train tunnel diggers find fossilised hip bone of giant 1,500 pound sloth that roamed the area 11,000... US Navy reveals mini drone that can scour a beach for mines before Marines land What it's like to fly over Jupiter: Astronomers turn just 36 of NASA'S Juno images into a stunning movie Would YOU ride the world's fastest elevator? Chinese skyscraper visitors hit record-breaking speed of 47 mph MORE HEADLINES MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Bradley Cooper is seen cradling his newborn daughter Lea De Seine during stroll with Irina Shayk in LA Young family  Bella Hadid slips her impressively slim figure into racy cut-out swimsuit as she smoulders in another high profile sports campaign Miley Cyrus praises 'role model' Ariana Grande as she puts on a leggy performance at inspiring One Love fundraiser Touching words  'I misjudged you': Piers Morgan apologizes to 'admirable' Ariana Grande and praises her  after criticizing her for jetting home following Manchester attack What a pair! Kendall Jenner and Hailey Baldwin show off their trim figures in leggings in NYC Both the models dressed down  Dressed to the nines! The First couples Ivanka and Jared and Donald and Melania turn heads in their black-tie attire as they head to the Ford's Theatre Gala  'Do not be afraid': Ariana Grande's heroic mother Joan shares empowering message as she joins fans in the crowd at One Love concert in Manchester  'Olivia wouldn't want you to cry. She'd have wanted to hear the hits': Tearful Adriana Grande reveals inspirational message mother of bombing victim  Ariana Grande sparks confusion by sporting dazzling rock on her left hand... as she is supported by boyfriend Mac Miller onstage at Manchester tribute  'Happy Sunday everybody!!' Jennifer Lopez shares Instagram snap with Alex Rodriguez and children in pool Everyone is smiling  Curves ahead! Courtney Stodden reveals her bountiful bosom as she shimmies in LBD during racy video She's an expert at posting sensual selfies 'Grow up!': Kim Kardashian RIPS Caitlyn Jenner's new memoir... as Kourtney claims Bruce borrowed money from her in KUWTK teaser Hoping to join her? Hailey Baldwin flaunts toned tum in an Adidas sports bra... days after gal pal Kendall Jenner is named brand ambassador 'Cut her legs off, she crawls right back to me': Tyga seemingly mocks ex Kylie Jenner in new single Playboy Appears to take aim at the natural beauty Putting in the work! Hot and sweaty Kaley Cuoco is red-faced as she leaves LA gym after Sunday workout session Wiped off the sweat from her face  Keeping the faith! Selena Gomez keeps it casual in a hoodie and cropped jeans as she attends trendy Hillsong Church NYC Attended a service  That's a stretch! Bethenny Frankel, 46, bends over backwards while showing off fit bod in new yoga photo Clearly enjoys showing off her workouts Booty-ful moves! Iggy Azalea shows off her stunning figure in red leotard while writhing onstage at awards show in Mexico City All eyes on her  Forget something? Bella Thorne wears most daring look yet as she flaunts chest by going BRALESS under sheer top while out in LA Beyonce's daughter Blue Ivy 'will watch her mother give birth to twins so she doesn't feel left out' Unconventional parenting Dirty girl! Emily Ratajkowski allows a female friend to put mud on her bare bottom during trip to hot springs while enjoying Italian vacation Making them green with envy! Cynthia Nixon, 51, cuts a chic figure in lime frock at Drama Desk Awards Started off the red carpet in style Siren... with a heart! Ariel Winter models white tank top as she speaks out against testing on animals Modern Family star is a staunch activist  'As a father, this has made me truly sad': David Beckham pays tribute to his 'home' of Manchester as he sends poignant video message to One Love concert Fergie spends family time in LA as Black Eyed Peas rock One Love Manchester without her Wowed the crowd with their hit Where Is The Love? Genetically blessed family! Fergie rocks all-black outfit as she and Josh Duhamel take son Axl, three, to church Fergie, 42, looked super in black skinny jeans  'I've got an emotional depth greater than two years ago': Hunger Games star Sam Claflin reveals fatherhood made him a better actor Life changing  Australian actor Hugh Sheridan claims he and Rebel Wilson visited a 'secret apartment' in Disneyland after the actress said she was related to Walt Disney Justin Bieber is brought to tears as emotional One Love Manchester gig cracks his tough exterior onstage Touching scenes Holding on to her man! Makeup-free Milla Jovovich is chic in big glasses as she giggles with husband Paul W.S. Anderson Resident Evil star Coldplay's Chris Martin is brought to his knees in emotionally-charged duet of Don't Look Back In Anger with Ariana Grande at Manchester gig 'Barn life': Kristin Cavallari slips into her Daisy Dukes as she takes her family to feed chickens in the country Lifestyle mogul's had a day out  Showing her stripes (and abs): Single Olivia Munn flaunts her impressive stomach in crop top at LAX Showing off her stunning figure Dressed to the nines! Ivanka Trump looks stunning in a red gown as she heads to the Ford's Theatre Gala hand-in-hand with Jared Looked regal  'Love conquers fear and love conquers hate': Katy Perry sends a poignant message as she dresses in angelic all-white at One Love Manchester concert 'First official pool day!': Katherine Heigl matches her swimsuit to her lawn umbrella as she enjoys a relaxing Sunday with husband Josh Parents to two girls  Khloe Kardashian jets out of LA as her basketball beau Tristan Thompson prepares for big game in Oakland Reality star radiated glamour and celebrity Hollywood's most eligible single! Jennifer Garner looks lovely as she takes baked goods to church... after it's claimed Affleck is already 'dating' Cleaning up his act? Freshly shaven Tiger Woods is pictured for the first time since he was arrested for DUI while 'on four prescription pills' 'I had so much anxiety': Kim Zolciak reveals coping with son's ferocious dog attack got to her as she takes her family on bikini vacation Can enjoy some time off Hilar-ious: Hilary Duff rocks geek chic glasses while having a laugh with a friend after brunch in New York City Is on a break from shooting Younger  Back to the family! Scott Disick enjoys Calabasas outing with Mason and Penelope... after partying with bikini babes in Europe He's had his hands full  Back to school! Katie Holmes says she's 'excited' about having enrolled in Harvard University's Business Of Entertainment program It's never too late  Where.Am.I? Bungling Black Eyed Pea Will.i.am forgets what city he's in at Manchester terror concert as he greets crowd by saying 'What's up London?'  Pippa Middleton's brother-in-law Spencer Matthews enjoys a laidback weekend with friends... while his girlfriend Vogue Williams is in Spain  Liam Gallagher makes surprise appearance at Ariana Grande's One Love concert in Manchester but fans are disappointed brother Noel does not join him  Pippa Middleton and James Matthews return to civilization after three days spotting crocodiles and kangaroos at a 'luxury wild bush' resort in Australia  Underwear-free Lindsay Lohan dazzles in a thigh-skimming gold dress as she celebrates socialite BFF Hofit Golan's birthday Turned heads in London They made a pretty girl! Daughter of Eddie Murphy and Nicole looks stunning in white as she hits Women Of Excellence Awards Gala in LA 'F*** them all': Alec Baldwin defends Kathy Griffin on Twitter and  insists 'no one believes you intended to threaten Trump' What happened to her lips? Khloe Kardashian shows off a massive pout as she stuns in Snapchat image taken in her car A hair-raising look! Gwen Stefani steps out in bizarre cropped trench coat with tulle finish for church trip with her kids Quirky look  They could be sisters! Reese Witherspoon glows in floral dress as she poses next to 'best friend forever' Shannon Rotenberg Stunning blondes  How Cary Grant took acid to get over his issues with women: Famed actor took 100 LSD pills over the course of THREE YEARS to counter his struggles Former Knicks coach Derek Fisher is arrested for DUI in LA after crashing his car with Basketball Wives star girlfriend Gloria Govan in the passenger seat Legs out for The Weeknd! Selena Gomez oozes sex appeal in two clingy thigh-skimming dresses as she enjoys night out in New York Enviable figure  Kendall Jenner reveals a little TOO much as she goes braless in a semi-sheer corset dress while strolling through New York Grabbed attention  'Men and religion are worthless': Bette Midler speaks out as stars from Ariana Grande to Khloe Kardashian support London terror attack victims Beyonce's daughter Blue Ivy 'will watch her mother give birth to twins so she doesn't feel left out' She is expecting twins in the coming weeks  'Take a picture while we joking': Jay Z caught faking candid photo with Kevin Hart... but comedian insists 'it came out dope as hell' The graduate! Eva Longoria receives honorary degree from Knox College... then treats herself to a Dairy Queen dessert Ariana Grande's brother Frankie meets with fans as he arrives at Old Trafford cricket ground ahead of the star-studded benefit concert  Love is blind! Single KUWTK star Jonathan Cheban wears statement shirt in Beverly Hills after splitting from Anat Popovsky last year Spanish fashion designer David Delfin dies at age 46 after battle with cancer Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy was one of the first to pay tribute  Bonding time! Ashley Benson and Shay Mitchell match in black as they enjoy girls' night out with Pretty Little Liars creator while leaving Craig's Princess Charlene exudes glamor in scarlet lipstick as she turns out to support Lycra-clad husband Prince Albert for his water bike challenge  Mommy and me! Minnie Driver goes makeup-free with stylish hat as she takes her son Henry shopping in Malibu Bradley Cooper and Irina Shayk leave the baby at home for a low-key date night in Santa Monica The pair went incognito for a romantic evening  Eric Dane makes first public appearance after break to cope with depression as he joins wife Rebecca Gayheart and kids at Chrysalis Ball Happy anniversary! Lindsay Price and Curtis Stone beam at Chrysalis Ball as they prepare to celebrate four years of marriage She has a sizzling Ora about her! Rita sends temperatures soaring as she flaunts her cleavage and toned waist in skimpy bikinis for VERY saucy shoot His biggest fan! Gavin Rossdale, 51, is supported by stunning new love interest Sophie Thomalla, 27, as he rocks out on stage in Las Vegas Prince Harry tucks into a traditional iftar feast of porridge and dates with young Singaporeans to celebrate the breaking of the fast during Ramadan 'Today was a good day': Former Bachelorette Trista Sutter posts loved-up snap with husband Ryan after suffering a scary seizure in Croatia Penny Lancaster, 47, shows off her famous model figure in a thigh-skimming crochet dress as she soaks up the sun on a yacht with husband Rod Stewart, 72 PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Welcome to my world! Taylor Swift and Joe Alwyn enjoy their morning coffee as she takes him home to Nashville 'Internet shopping like a self-pity fiend': Lena Dunham reveals how she's coping after endometriosis treatment as she's spotted in her PAJAMAS Pirates of the Caribbean star Kaya Scodelario 'REFUSES to pay for sick grandmother in Brazil as family label her actions unforgivable' Crocodile safaris, kangaroo for dinner and only wallabies for company: Inside Pippa Middleton and James Matthews' remote luxury outback love nest 'Missing my pink hair!': Kylie Jenner shares flashback photo with a snake... after sister Kendall possibly outed the teen as a smoker Hidden message? 'People can't tell us apart!' Kim Zolciak, 39, admonishes Brielle, 20, after she jokes her mom 'looks 40' Brielle Biermann incited the wrath of her mom Giggly Keri Russell glows in a summery peplum skirt and white top as she attends Polo event with long-term partner Matthew Rhys Loved-up couple  Girls' vacation! Kourtney Kardashian opens up her photo album as she shares flashback snaps from roadtrip with Kim and Khloe Still going strong! Balthazar Getty poses with wife Rosetta and kids at Chrysalis Ball... as it's been nearly 10 years since Sienna Miller affair Kate Beckinsale keeps it casual in tight black leggings as she showcases her svelte physique Rumored to be getting cozy with Jon Hamm  Sheer madness! Joanna Krupa reveals her toned stomach in body hugging black gown Turned heads on the red carpet  Girl done good! Natalie Portman 'snaps up $6.5million four bedroom Santa Barbara mansion with 10.4 acres of land and stunning views of the Pacific' Teen Mom star Farrah Abraham sports long blonde hair as she spends the day with her daughter Sophia Had a big day in the Big Apple  Braless Lottie Moss shows off her model figure in a plunging floral knotted crop top and matching shorts as she lunches with her mother in London ABS-olutely fabulous! Braless Miley Cyrus highlights her svelte figure in crop top with shorts and denim jacket Flashed her flat stomach in a white crop top Liam Payne, 23, reveals he and girlfriend Cheryl, 33, plan to expand family... as he admits fatherhood has made him a 'changed man' GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Pippa's new husband breaks with tradition by donning a wedding ring James, 41, has donned a gold band to show his devotion  Scott Disick, 34, cuddles up to topless Australian model, 21, as he enjoys a raucous evening with woman number NINE during trip to London Where the bloody hell was she? Lara Bingle 'arrives 45 minutes late' to Tiffany & Co. launch in before 'clocking off and refusing to speak to journalists' Those boots aren't made for walking! Iggy Azalea showcases some VERY extravagant floral thigh-highs in a plunging silky white gown  Looking good in her Blue Jeans! Lana Del Rey cuts a casual cool figure in black polo with skinny trousers while out in LA Spotted in Hollywood  Classic LBD with a twist! Zendaya wows in black dress with pearl detailing for Chrysalis Butterfly Ball The 20-year-old stepped out in an elegant gown  Khloe Kardashian's Good American fashion line hits back at accusations from independent designer that reality star copied her work Teen Mom OG's Ryan Edwards checks into rehab... after ex Maci Bookout revealed she was terrified he might OD He is doing well  'I've been let go!' Kevin Can Wait star Erinn Hayes dropped from second season as Leah Remini joins the cast Will not be returning for the second season  Stunning in Soho! Selena Gomez shows off her toned stomach in a crop top as she spends the day with friends The Bad Liar beauty is visiting the East Coast Ariana Grande 'set to perform tear-jerking duet of Where Is The Love? with The Black Eyed Peas' at star-studded One Love Manchester Benefit  The diet worked! Molly Sims flaunts her svelte frame on date night after ten-week bikini after baby plan They just spent last week in Mexico together 'Night Time!' Lindsay Lohan wears an unzipped dress as she poses atop her bed for saucy Instagram snap Shared a provocative picture 'Seal found your musical G-spot!' Delta Goodrem bursts into laughter at Boy George's VERY risqué joke during The Voice Australia live  Controversial remark Former Australian Bachelor contestant Tiffany Scanlon showcases her taut abs in a tiny red bikini as she reveals the secret behind her new six pack 'I went from eating at the White House to sleeping in the bushes': Child star Willie Aames reveals his 'stupid decisions' led to him losing everything 'She was standing there and I fell in love': Willie Aames reveals the incredible story of meeting his pen friend of 30 YEARS, Winnie Hung, who became his wife David and Victoria Beckham are 'ripping out their $6.4million country estate... because 'the roof colors don't match' Have halted work I want candy! Angelina Jolie treats kids Shiloh and Vivian to roller skating as daughter Zahara is seen with giant box of Hot Tamales Doting mother  Shop til you drop! Sofia Vergara looks effortlessly elegant in slim floral pants as she hits the shops in Beverly Hills She oozed style  'Lost for words but currently safe': Ruby Rose and girlfriend Jessica Origliasso are in lockdown as they're caught in the middle of London terror attack 'Getting into her zone': Coco Austin takes daughter Chanel, one, to Ice-T's concert... and dances along backstage Attended her husband Ice-T's concert Who is Ruairi Luke? Meet the busty Australian model who was spotted partying TOPLESS with Scott Disick and another man on a London balcony  'He is not feeling great': An exhausted Scott Disick returns to Los Angeles after a raucous week of partying as it's claimed he's 'ready to shape up' Now that's an arrival! Ice-T and Coco Austin are MOBBED by fans as they jet into Sydney with daughter Chanel They have both arrived in Australia  Ready for summer! Reese Witherspoon looks girly in gingham as she enjoys a day of shopping with husband Jim Married for six years Broadway star Laura Bell Bundy marries longtime love Thom Hinkle in country themed nuptials at horse track Tied the knot to the TBS executive  Baby on the way! Mad Men's Ben Feldman's wife Michelle Mulitz reveals her bump on the red carpet Attended the 16th Annual Chrysalis Butterfly Ball 'That's the fun part!' Beyonce's mom Tina Knowles buys her grandchildren 'drum sets'... to 'get my kids back' A 63-year-old beauty  'Brunettes have fun too!' Paris Hilton ditches her blonde locks for a brown wig as she plays dress up on Snapchat Known as the gorgeous blonde heiress 'I proposed to the love of my life': Former Dallas Cowboys quarterback and Hall of Famer Troy Aikman gets engaged to girlfriend Capa Mooty Alexandra Daddario keeps low profile in baggy ensemble after enjoying a tiki cruise with friends Looked a little worse for wear 'They've gotten even closer': Bradley Cooper and Irina Shayk speak 'several times a day' as actor works away from home following daughter's birth 'No hair, no makeup, no nothing': Jennifer Lopez, 47, looks half her age in bare-faced glimpse at her pre-show ritual Superstar bared-all for video  Stunning in silver! Halle Berry, 50, wows in sequined dress with matching jacket for the Chrysalis Butterfly Ball Oscar winner did not disappoint  'Think she's fond of my leg hair?' Bella Thorne's kitten snuggles into teen's unshaven pins Took to Instagram to announce that she had fallen ill GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Lady Mary partied so hard at Noel Gallagher's epic 50th birthday party she has been bedridden ever since Big birthday bash  Just do it! Bella Hadid flaunts her midriff in Nike sports bra with coordinating bottoms The 20-year-old stepped out for a work commitment  Breaking Bad star Aaron Paul can't keep his hands of wife Lauren Parsekian as they pack on the PDA while he films new movie in Italy That's Amore Priyanka Chopra reveals her svelte physique in a polka dot sundress at the Veuve Clicquot Polo Classic Finished her promo tour for Baywatch Absolutely quacked! Guy Ritchie and Tom Hardy 'storm out of Chinese restaurant after they're denied Peking Duck dish'  Unhappy  Christie's girl! Sailor Brinkley-Cook lets her natural beauty shine as she poses for magazine Let her natural radiance shine through for the latest issue 'We all might just make out': Orange Is The New Black star Yael Stone outlines VERY raunchy Wentworth crossover Lust-driven outline for a spin-off 'Beach bound!' Kim Zolciak shows off impressive figure on family Bahamas vacation... as brave son Kash helps stray one month after dog attack Night and day! Emma Roberts is transformed as she steps out in costume while filming Little Italy The beauty was clad in a patent leather black coat Who IS the murderer on the Orient Express? The line-up of suspects from the new eagerly anticipated film based on Agatha Christie's novel 'This goes down as a classic': Lupita Nyong'o raves over new Wonder Woman movie in heartfelt review She wholeheartedly agrees Justin Bieber jets into Germany clutching onto his skateboard ahead of performance at Ariana Grande's One Love Manchester benefit concert 'My marriage was a Greek tragedy': Prince Charles's astonishing hand-written letters to Nancy Reagan reveal his anguish over his split from Diana  'I was probably self-medicating: Kiwi singer Lorde reveals she went through a bout of heavy drinking after breaking up with ex-boyfriend White hot! Nicole Murphy puts her ample assets on display in low-cut frock for Women of Excellence Awards Gala Graced the red carpet  'Obsessed!' Heather Morris and son Owen tuck in as they celebrate National Donut Day May still be reeling from her baffling elimination from DWTS Plait looks fun! Bella Thorne rocks tiny shorts and braids as she steps out with her party posse She was seen with her rumored on again boyfriend Gregg Sulkin  Horsing around! Nicky Hilton Rothschild wows in green silk dress at Veuve Cliquot Polo Classic Kendall Jenner was also there Cher joins mourners as 'Ramblin Man' Gregg Allman is laid to rest in the same cemetery he used to write songs Thousands of fans lined the streets of Macon Disgraced Josh Duggar makes return to social media in post celebrating his four-year-old son Marcus' birthday two years after sex scandal Flaunting her Cannes tan! Bella Hadid showcases her endless legs in shorts and cut-out top during photoshoot Strutted her stuff  Keeping it brief! Leggy Kendall Jenner accidentally flashes her UNDERWEAR in leafy green mini-dress at star-studded Veuve Clicquot Polo Classic Busted! Kendall Jenner shares photo of sister Kylie holding a cigarette while bragging about photography skills Is she trying to get her sister in trouble? Heidi Klum, 43, stuns in a simple maxidress as she leaves Mykonos with beau Vito Schnabel, 30, after soaking up the sun on the Greek island Tanned and relaxed Wild things! Emmy Rossum and Sam Esmail share images from their honeymoon safari in Rwanda The loved up couple hared a slew of shots  No sunburn for her! Nicole Kidman keeps her pale skin under cover in a long-sleeved dress at Veuve Clicquot's Polo Classic at Liberty State Park 9021-whoah! Rachel McCord (almost) bares all in a VERY daring embellished jacket as she attends the Hollywood premiere of All About The Money Move over Kim! Kris Jenner, 61, wears see-through lace top and bra for dinner outing with Jada Pinkett Smith Flaunted her incredible figure  Proud to be in the pink: It's the color which used to make feminists see red - but now today's top women dress in Millennial Pink to signal empowerment  Jennifer Garner looks in high spirits as she picks up daughter Violet, 11, from school in navy shift dress... after ex Ben Affleck finally moves belongings out  We Belong Together! Mariah Carey and her recently rekindled flame Bryan Tanaka put on an amorous display at a dinner date  Couldn't be separated  EXCLUSIVE: Actor Alan Cummings is pleading for the release of his former chimpanzee co-star Tonka from 'cockroach-infested' primate foundation  Naughty and nice! Sophia Bush shows off her cleavage in a flirty lace dress at film festival gala in Connecticut  Pamela Anderson shows off her famous curves in a white bardot dress during  post-dinner walk with a male friend in St Tropez Fabulous in France  Just like dad! Tom Brady brings mini me son Jack to charity football game The 39-year-old NFL superstar looked every bit the proud father  'I sit there in awe': Seal reveals his 'deep affection' for The Voice co-star Delta Goodrem after announcing he 'loved' her The Voice Australia stars She's a City Girl! Rosario Dawson joins creator Sarah Ramos and Busy Philipps for a table read of Internet hit Three actresses couldn't stop smiling  'It was definitely not a comfortable day': Vanessa Williams, 54, rued having to wear bikini for first day on Daytime Divas (despite looking AMAZING) Manchester gets ready to rock and remember: Final preparations under way for tomorrow night's One Love benefit concert at Old Trafford  Just a day away  'We wouldn't have made the same choice': Wonder Woman director Patty Jenkins admits her 'heart sank' when Gal Gadot was originally cast Touchdown! Olivia Culpo and NFL star boyfriend Danny Amendola coordinate in red for charity football game Tom Brady's event Is that you Elle? Reese Witherspoon channels her ditzy Legally Blonde character in vibrant pink summer dress from her very own range 'This is the scariest building I've ever seen! WTF goes on inside?' Tom Hanks posts a photo of mysterious almost windowless Manhattan tower  Right on the Munn-ey! Braless Olivia stuns in Daisy Dukes as she puts on leggy display in lace up gladiator heels Treated herself to a new hair style Both of Bill Cosby's 'wives' will be at trial: Disgraced comedian's real-life partner of 50 years Camille and his TV spouse Phylicia Rashad will be in court  Pretty Little Liar star Ashley Benson goes braless as she reveals midriff in crop top while out in Beverly Hills Rocked the revealing ensemble  Coyote ugly! Kanye West wants to design Calabasas High School sports uniforms... but only if he can rename them the Wolves Joanna Krupa puts on a busty display in plunging white playsuit as she enjoys dinner in West Hollywood She recently split from husband Romain Zago Queen of green! Hailey Baldwin catches the eye in a quirky emerald tracksuit and stiletto heels as she steps out for coffee Cut a confident look Sudden departure! Stylish Justin Theroux leaves NY for LA ahead of The Leftovers final ever episode The 45-year-old cut a stylish traveler look Check mate! Lindsay Lohan blows a kiss as she dines out in stylish monochrome jacket... after admitting she 'misses' her Hollywood lifestyle Make-up free Julianne Moore cuts a casual figure as she rocks pajama couture in rare outing with husband Stepped out for lunch in New York 'I am basically a witch': Lorde reveals fascination with witchcraft as singer claims she has connected with the ghost of David Bowie Sheer perfection! The Mummy star Annabelle Wallis reveals her bra in a daring see-through top as she dines out in London Flashed her toned body He's scored! Proud Kim Sears celebrates husband Andy Murray's win against Juan Martin Del Potro at French Open Putting in the leg work! Alessandra Ambrosio catches the eye in thigh-skimming minidress as she attends Madrid fashion launch Turning heads in Spain  Bruce Springsteen's showjumping daughter Jessica displays her equestrian skills as she competes at the Athina Onassis Horse Show in St Tropez Black is the New Orange: Ruby Rose cuts a low-key figure as she touches down in London in a sombre hoodie and shades All grown up! Raven-Symone and Anneliese van der Pol reprise their best friend roles in new trailer for Disney's Raven's Home New trailer Lottie Moss displays her enviably toned pins in ruffled floral romper as she enjoys night out with Scott Disick's rumored flame Ella Ross Cuter couture! Orlando Bloom proudly rocks adorable T-shirt designed by his six-year-old son Flynn He has his own personal designer 'There's a place for outright silliness right now': Comedian Steve Carell says moviegoers need a balance of lighthearted comedy and reality  Sofia Vergara cuts a casual figure in off-the-shoulder top and ripped jeans while shopping in LA The 44-year-old star looked casual cool 'I didn't want a number': Tom Cruise reveals Top Gun sequel will be called Top Gun: Maverick Sequel to the 1986 action film Top Gun Sheerly amazing! Lorde takes the stage in black see-through top for star-studded Governor's Ball in New York City Revealing outfit Goddess in green! Isla Fisher cuts a chic figure in emerald leather-look jacket as she speaks at Children's Book and Author breakfast in New York Black Eyed Peas frontman will.i.am claims reports Fergie left the group are 'lies' and says she's focusing on solo work False rumors  Right on Target! Halsey dons a blue wig as she surprises diehard fans with impromptu meet-and-greet at LA store Blending in with the locals! Kelly Rowland sports camouflage jacket as she spends day in Sydney with family and husband Tim Weatherspoon Revealed: The full list of 100 super-rich British stars in $900million tax relief scheme includes The Beckhams, Robbie Williams, and Geri Halliwell Changing seasons! Lily Aldridge switches up summery red dress for fall pantsuit for Vogue shoot in New York Wowed in a hot-weather dress  Hello sunshine! Gigi Hadid gives just a peek at her toned tum in form-fitting bright yellow two-piece number She's used to having all eyes on her Still a Pretty Woman! Evergreen Julia Roberts stuns as she goes casual cool in bomber jacket over blouse for Malibu photoshoot Ageless beauty Kathy Griffin loses remainder of her tour gigs in wake of Donald Trump severed head scandal after dramatic press conference Celebrity Run-Ins Tour  I feel like a rock star after meeting Ariana Grande, says eight-year-old bomb victim who was visited in hospital by pop star and Prince William From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Is this the ultimate party speaker? MailOnline puts Sony's XB40 to the test Sony SRS-XB40 has a built-in multi-coloured line light, speaker lights and a flashing strobe. It features 24 hours of battery life and claims to be a 'mini-disco on the move'. But does it live up to the claim? Samsung's Galaxy S8: A hefty price tag and a dumb personal assistant Samsung's new Galaxy S8 phone is stunning, but its $100 price hike is hard to swallow. Overall the S8 is for those who want elegance - and are willing to pay for it. Affordable, robust and surprisingly responsive: Samsung's Galaxy A5 With the eagerly awaited Galaxy S8 having been pushed back, South Korea-based Samsung has plugged the gap with the Samsung Galaxy A5, a high-end device with a mid-range price tag. Is it really worth paying £280 for Nintendo's Switch? MailOnline's verdict While the design is impressive and easy to use, the game line up is disappointing. Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story Was Einstein wrong? A FIFTH force of nature governing our universe could be found in the heart of our galaxy 246 comments 1 video Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
null
Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions Investing Ideas Picks and Pans Mutual Funds/ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Barron's Take Advisor Center Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Penta Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Next sign out Customer Center Newsletters & Alerts What are you searching for? Search Join NowAll Sections Sign InSearch Home Magazine Investing Ideas Advisor Center Market Data Penta Next VIEW ALL SEARCH RESULTS Have feedback on the new design? Reach out to online.editors@barrons.com This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies for distribution to your colleagues, clients or customers visit http://www.djreprints.com. http://www.barrons.com/articles/corning-jefferies-picks-up-good-vibes-at-display-show-1496241257 Tech Trader Daily Corning: Jefferies Picks Up Good Vibes at Display Show Corning's got lots to be happy about, says George Notter of Jefferies & Co. after visiting a conference last week for the display glass industry. Supply is tight, and Corning's "Gorilla Glass" remains a hit. But he thinks the shares are too pricey to buy despite all the positives. By Tiernan Ray May 31, 2017 10:34 a.m. ET Text Size Regular Medium Large Jefferies & Co.'s George Notter today reiterates a Hold rating on shares of Corning (GLW), despite hearing several positive things about the company and about the glass business during a conference last week, writing the price is too high for his taste but the trends are favorable. Notter attended the SID Display Week conference in Los Angeles, where he reports the "tone" was "quite positive" in both presentations and informal chats. On the Corning side specifically, he notes how prevalent the company's "Gorilla Glass" was at the show: Gorilla Glass 5 was very prevalent at the conference, especially with Samsung's Galaxy S8 which uses Gorilla Glass 5 on the front and back of the phone. Our conversations confirmed that GG5 commands a significant premium in the market – and that the premium is deserved for its improved drop performance. Everyone at the conference was extremely complementary of the newest Gorilla Glass iteration and it seems clear to us that Gorilla Glass will continue to fare very well with smartphones over the next few years. It is worth noting that the shift to flexible, foldable devices could be a risk for Corning's Gorilla Glass portfolio – although foldable smartphones are not expected to launch with mainstream brands until 2019. There were numerous presenters and exhibits at the conference focused on innovative protective covers for these new form factors. Of course, Corning does have a foldable offering – Willow glass – but it's not obvious at this point that Willow will be the cover glass of choice for these new products. Among the positives for the industry overall that he heard are that the industry's shift to OLED-based displays for smartphones has sucked up all the production capacity at the moment, mostly driven by Apple (AAPL) and Samsung Electronics (005930KS). (As far as television sets, they're not happening at the moment, he notes: "OLED is further away from meaningful adoption, not expected to gain traction until 2020 or 2021.") "As Apple is expected to move to OLED later this year, Samsung and Apple will consume most of the OLED capacity for the foreseeable future." That is coming at the same time capacity is being shifted to OLED, making overall capacity “tight," which is very good for all players: Overall, it's clear that supply is quite constrained right now across the industry. This is driving a healthier environment for panel makers who have exhibited positive revenue growth and generally improving margins over the last few quarters. We got some additional color on the trends that are behind this tightening supply – specifically at the panel level. Primarily, panel makers have been more aggressively evaluating their current capacity and selectively phasing out fabs. Some of these closures – most notably Samsung's L71 which accounts for ~3-4% of global production – will be repurposed for OLED mobile production. The capacity shortage for OLED small devices was a theme that came up repeatedly at the conference, especially as Apple is expected to adopt OLED later this year, soon to be followed by most other smartphone manufacturers. Of course, Samsung already uses OLED for their mobile phones and Samsung Display controls the bulk of OLED panel manufacturing. We had numerous conversations about Samsung strategically shifting their focus to OLED mobile devices in anticipation of more LCD capacity coming from China over the next few years. People are still concerned about China, specifically the country adding lots of new capacity, he writes. But his takeaway was that it may not be too big a concern right now because of all those capacity shortages. Despite all the positives, Corning's valuation is too rich for Notter, with the risk and reward for the company now "balanced" in his view: "The current forward PE multiple (15.5x) also tempers our enthusiasm for the shares to some degree. " "the shares are trading well above their long-term average forward PE. Our Price Target remains $27.50, or 14.5x our 2018 EPS projection – still a modest discount to the peer group – appropriate given Corning's relative earnings quality." Corning stock today is down 16 cents, or half a percent, at at $29.16. Text Size Regular Medium Large manufacturing mobile OLED smartphone television Global PREVIOUS Analog Devices Surges 6% on FYQ2 EPS Beat; Outlook Easily Tops Consensus NEXT Qualcomm Bid for NXP Up Against Elliott, Large Investors Who Want a Higher Price Most Popular The Surprising Threat to the American Economy 6 Dividend Stocks That Hedge Against Inflation The Winners: Alphabet, Apple, and Amazon.com AI Opens New Doors for Chip Makers, Investors Join NowSign In Customer Center Membership Tools Also From Barron's Customer CenterCustomer CenterContact UsLive Help MembershipSubscribe to Barron'sActivate Your Digital AccessCollege Program ToolsEmail NewslettersVideo CenterWatchlist Also From Barron'sAdvertisingConferencesReprints Follow Us Download Barron’s Apps Apple iOSAndroid Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Your Ad Choices Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. Distribution and use of this material are governed by our Subscriber Agreement and by copyright law. For non-personal use or to order multiple copies, please contact Dow Jones Reprints at 1-800-843-0008 or visit www.djreprints.com.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures Discounts My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Sound familiar? North Korea launches its own tablet called the iPad North Korean tech firm Ryonghung is advertising new tablet called the 'iPad' Apple’s trademark guidelines prohibit any unauthorized use of its content The Ryonghung iPad is equipped with 1 gigabyte of RAM and just 8GB storage By Cheyenne Macdonald For Dailymail.com Published: 12:03 EDT, 31 May 2017 | Updated: 12:29 EDT, 31 May 2017 e-mail 40 shares 71 View comments North Korean tech firm Ryonghung has begun to advertise a new tablet, and its name may sound oddly familiar – ‘iPad.’ While the new Ryonghung iPad doesn’t boast the same specs as Apple’s product, its name appears to be a clear violation of the company’s trademark. It’s not the first time North Korea has unveiled a product that appears to mimic Apple, as it’s unlikely the firm will take action, according to Apple Insider. North Korean tech firm Ryonghung has begun to advertise a new tablet, and its name may sound oddly familiar – ‘iPad.’ While the new Ryonghung iPad doesn’t boast the same specs as Apple’s product, its name appears to be a clear violation of the company’s trademark APPLE'S TRADEMARK  According to Apple’s trademark and copyright guidelines, the use of the firm’s trademarked content for company, product, and service name is prohibited unless authorized. ‘You may not use or register, in whole or in part, Apple, iPod, iTunes, Macintosh, iMac, or any other Apple trademark,’ the guidelines state, ‘including Apple-owned graphic symbols, logos, icons, or an alteration thereof, as or as part of a company name, trade name, product name, or service name except as specifically noted in these guidelines.’ While North Korean tech companies have ripped off Apple’s ideas in the past, even once unveiling a computer that looked nearly identical to an iMac, this is the first time an internationally famous trademark has been blatantly been lifted, according to NK News. The Ryonghung iPad was popular at a national science and technology festival and product shows in North Korea in 2016, the advertisement claims. But in terms of the specs, it’s far from matching Apple’s flagship tablet. It’s equipped with 1 gigabyte of RAM and just 8GB of storage, and runs on a 1.2-gigahertz quad-core processor. The memory is loaded with ‘dictionary and other apps,’ and has network connection capabilities, according to the ad. ‘It can perform a range of functions such as reading different sources of digital information, office work, and documentation,’ according to the advertisement. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Is the sky BRUISED? Astronomers say mysterious cold spot in... SpaceX to blast off Dragon space capsule for the SECOND time... 'It's just part of gaming': Shocking survey finds one in two... Apple's iPhone 8 will be smaller than the 7 Plus but with a... Share this article Share 40 shares ‘And it also has more than 40 apps. The iPad boasts stability in terms of operating system. ‘It is equipped with 4 CPUs and HDMI, plus a keyboard and network connection.’ By calling the product the iPad, Ryonghung is likely violating Apple’s trademark. According to Apple’s trademark and copyright guidelines, the use of the firm’s trademarked content for company, product, and service name is prohibited unless authorized. The Ryonghung iPad was popular at a national science and technology festival and product shows in North Korea in 2016, the advertisement claims. But in terms of the specs, it’s far from matching Apple’s flagship tablet. A stock image is pictured  ‘You may not use or register, in whole or in part, Apple, iPod, iTunes, Macintosh, iMac, or any other Apple trademark,’ the guidelines state, ‘including Apple-owned graphic symbols, logos, icons, or an alteration thereof, as or as part of a company name, trade name, product name, or service name except as specifically noted in these guidelines.’ In the past, North Korea has also released an operating system that appeared to be a clear imitation of Apple’s OS X, called Red Star 3.0. And, there have even been reports that Kim Jong Un uses an actual Apple iMac, according to Gizmodo. It’s unclear how much the Ryonghung iPad is being sold for, but the ad claims it is ‘now popular among customers.’ Read more: Legal - Copyright and Trademark Guidelines - Apple North Korean company launches own 'iPad,' ignoring Apple trademarks North Korean company advertising domestically-made “iPad” | NK News - North Korea News deadspin-quote-carrot-aligned-w-bgr-2 Share or comment on this article e-mail 40 shares Most watched News videos Cops SLAM teen into sand after massive brawl on New Jersey beach Cheeky monkey pulls on woman's shirt as she tries to take picture Woman attempts to ride cooler down steep hill at rodeo Giant octopus makes desperate bid to escape aquarium Amazing 'leaked' film of 'alien craft' being tested over Area 51 Road rage pair kung-fu fight in middle of traffic jam in Malaga New video shows US intercepting fake nuke in flight test Pentagon successfully shoots down a mock nuclear warhead Patient pup lets owner pile 50 biscuits on her nose without moving Stunning footage of old cargo ship sunk in the 1940s Cub causes panda-monium trying to steal crate full of bamboo Man boots scooter rider while being arrested by the police Thirteen Turkish soldiers killed after military... New lease of life for the ageing Warthog: A-10 tankbuster... 'Maybe if I had the flux capacitor he would have let me... ‘Ceceokok wasn’t the first thing I built': Facebook... Child's play! Kids play with guns, tanks and mortar... WW2 grenades bought at a German flea market start... Stop playing with your food! Stomach-churning moment... Martial arts: Skilled street performer wows crowds in... South Korean president is 'shocked' his advisers did not... Now that's a mammoth stunt! Circus performer shows off... Did Kim Jong-un have his brother killed because he feared... Venezuelan protesters pelt riot police with flaming... Putin goes on the attack over claim he meddled in... Say cheese! Zebra 'bursts out laughing' when an American... Duterte's troops bombard ISIS militants from the sky as... French woman 'kept her mother's corpse hidden in a... Indian woman sets fire to wine shop after man's death is... Greek goddess of justice statue is removed in Bangladesh... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 71 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. We are no longer accepting comments on this article. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read Secrets of the Thirty Years' War soldiers exposed: Mass grave of 47 men who died in battle 400 years ago... Shimmering lights spotted near 'Britain's UFO capital' spark rumours of another extra-terrestrial sighting San Diego's Rose Canyon fault is MORE dangerous than thought and could trigger a massive earthquake that... What's inside the 'pit of Mars'? Satellites spot strange 'Swiss cheese' area of the red planet next to a... 'They were hauling a big creature': New footage reveals what Deputy Sheriff said he saw at Roswell, in UFO... MIT scientists say Trump misrepresented their work and didn't check with them when he said Paris climate... The instantly rechargeable battery that could revolutionize electric cars (and mean you'll never have to sit... The 'kill vehicle' that could blast North Korea's missiles out of the sky: Pentagon fast tracks $260m... Siri set to get supercharged as Apple declares war on Amazon's Alexa US Army reveals Cold War Stinger anti aircraft missile will be used to shoot down DRONES in battle against... Want to buy sexy clothes? It might be in your hormones: Women are more inclined to buy raunchy outfits in... LA train tunnel diggers find fossilised hip bone of giant 1,500 pound sloth that roamed the area 11,000... US Navy reveals mini drone that can scour a beach for mines before Marines land What it's like to fly over Jupiter: Astronomers turn just 36 of NASA'S Juno images into a stunning movie Would YOU ride the world's fastest elevator? Chinese skyscraper visitors hit record-breaking speed of 47 mph MORE HEADLINES MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Bradley Cooper is seen cradling his newborn daughter Lea De Seine during stroll with Irina Shayk in LA Young family  Bella Hadid slips her impressively slim figure into racy cut-out swimsuit as she smoulders in another high profile sports campaign Miley Cyrus praises 'role model' Ariana Grande as she puts on a leggy performance at inspiring One Love fundraiser Touching words  'I misjudged you': Piers Morgan apologizes to 'admirable' Ariana Grande and praises her  after criticizing her for jetting home following Manchester attack What a pair! Kendall Jenner and Hailey Baldwin show off their trim figures in leggings in NYC Both the models dressed down  Dressed to the nines! The First couples Ivanka and Jared and Donald and Melania turn heads in their black-tie attire as they head to the Ford's Theatre Gala  'Do not be afraid': Ariana Grande's heroic mother Joan shares empowering message as she joins fans in the crowd at One Love concert in Manchester  'Olivia wouldn't want you to cry. She'd have wanted to hear the hits': Tearful Adriana Grande reveals inspirational message mother of bombing victim  Ariana Grande sparks confusion by sporting dazzling rock on her left hand... as she is supported by boyfriend Mac Miller onstage at Manchester tribute  'Happy Sunday everybody!!' Jennifer Lopez shares Instagram snap with Alex Rodriguez and children in pool Everyone is smiling  Curves ahead! Courtney Stodden reveals her bountiful bosom as she shimmies in LBD during racy video She's an expert at posting sensual selfies 'Grow up!': Kim Kardashian RIPS Caitlyn Jenner's new memoir... as Kourtney claims Bruce borrowed money from her in KUWTK teaser Hoping to join her? Hailey Baldwin flaunts toned tum in an Adidas sports bra... days after gal pal Kendall Jenner is named brand ambassador 'Cut her legs off, she crawls right back to me': Tyga seemingly mocks ex Kylie Jenner in new single Playboy Appears to take aim at the natural beauty Putting in the work! Hot and sweaty Kaley Cuoco is red-faced as she leaves LA gym after Sunday workout session Wiped off the sweat from her face  Keeping the faith! Selena Gomez keeps it casual in a hoodie and cropped jeans as she attends trendy Hillsong Church NYC Attended a service  That's a stretch! Bethenny Frankel, 46, bends over backwards while showing off fit bod in new yoga photo Clearly enjoys showing off her workouts Booty-ful moves! Iggy Azalea shows off her stunning figure in red leotard while writhing onstage at awards show in Mexico City All eyes on her  Forget something? Bella Thorne wears most daring look yet as she flaunts chest by going BRALESS under sheer top while out in LA Beyonce's daughter Blue Ivy 'will watch her mother give birth to twins so she doesn't feel left out' Unconventional parenting Dirty girl! Emily Ratajkowski allows a female friend to put mud on her bare bottom during trip to hot springs while enjoying Italian vacation Making them green with envy! Cynthia Nixon, 51, cuts a chic figure in lime frock at Drama Desk Awards Started off the red carpet in style Siren... with a heart! Ariel Winter models white tank top as she speaks out against testing on animals Modern Family star is a staunch activist  'As a father, this has made me truly sad': David Beckham pays tribute to his 'home' of Manchester as he sends poignant video message to One Love concert Fergie spends family time in LA as Black Eyed Peas rock One Love Manchester without her Wowed the crowd with their hit Where Is The Love? Genetically blessed family! Fergie rocks all-black outfit as she and Josh Duhamel take son Axl, three, to church Fergie, 42, looked super in black skinny jeans  'I've got an emotional depth greater than two years ago': Hunger Games star Sam Claflin reveals fatherhood made him a better actor Life changing  Australian actor Hugh Sheridan claims he and Rebel Wilson visited a 'secret apartment' in Disneyland after the actress said she was related to Walt Disney Justin Bieber is brought to tears as emotional One Love Manchester gig cracks his tough exterior onstage Touching scenes Holding on to her man! Makeup-free Milla Jovovich is chic in big glasses as she giggles with husband Paul W.S. Anderson Resident Evil star Coldplay's Chris Martin is brought to his knees in emotionally-charged duet of Don't Look Back In Anger with Ariana Grande at Manchester gig 'Barn life': Kristin Cavallari slips into her Daisy Dukes as she takes her family to feed chickens in the country Lifestyle mogul's had a day out  Showing her stripes (and abs): Single Olivia Munn flaunts her impressive stomach in crop top at LAX Showing off her stunning figure Dressed to the nines! Ivanka Trump looks stunning in a red gown as she heads to the Ford's Theatre Gala hand-in-hand with Jared Looked regal  'Love conquers fear and love conquers hate': Katy Perry sends a poignant message as she dresses in angelic all-white at One Love Manchester concert 'First official pool day!': Katherine Heigl matches her swimsuit to her lawn umbrella as she enjoys a relaxing Sunday with husband Josh Parents to two girls  Khloe Kardashian jets out of LA as her basketball beau Tristan Thompson prepares for big game in Oakland Reality star radiated glamour and celebrity Hollywood's most eligible single! Jennifer Garner looks lovely as she takes baked goods to church... after it's claimed Affleck is already 'dating' Cleaning up his act? Freshly shaven Tiger Woods is pictured for the first time since he was arrested for DUI while 'on four prescription pills' 'I had so much anxiety': Kim Zolciak reveals coping with son's ferocious dog attack got to her as she takes her family on bikini vacation Can enjoy some time off Hilar-ious: Hilary Duff rocks geek chic glasses while having a laugh with a friend after brunch in New York City Is on a break from shooting Younger  Back to the family! Scott Disick enjoys Calabasas outing with Mason and Penelope... after partying with bikini babes in Europe He's had his hands full  Back to school! Katie Holmes says she's 'excited' about having enrolled in Harvard University's Business Of Entertainment program It's never too late  Where.Am.I? Bungling Black Eyed Pea Will.i.am forgets what city he's in at Manchester terror concert as he greets crowd by saying 'What's up London?'  Pippa Middleton's brother-in-law Spencer Matthews enjoys a laidback weekend with friends... while his girlfriend Vogue Williams is in Spain  Liam Gallagher makes surprise appearance at Ariana Grande's One Love concert in Manchester but fans are disappointed brother Noel does not join him  Pippa Middleton and James Matthews return to civilization after three days spotting crocodiles and kangaroos at a 'luxury wild bush' resort in Australia  Underwear-free Lindsay Lohan dazzles in a thigh-skimming gold dress as she celebrates socialite BFF Hofit Golan's birthday Turned heads in London They made a pretty girl! Daughter of Eddie Murphy and Nicole looks stunning in white as she hits Women Of Excellence Awards Gala in LA 'F*** them all': Alec Baldwin defends Kathy Griffin on Twitter and  insists 'no one believes you intended to threaten Trump' What happened to her lips? Khloe Kardashian shows off a massive pout as she stuns in Snapchat image taken in her car A hair-raising look! Gwen Stefani steps out in bizarre cropped trench coat with tulle finish for church trip with her kids Quirky look  They could be sisters! Reese Witherspoon glows in floral dress as she poses next to 'best friend forever' Shannon Rotenberg Stunning blondes  How Cary Grant took acid to get over his issues with women: Famed actor took 100 LSD pills over the course of THREE YEARS to counter his struggles Former Knicks coach Derek Fisher is arrested for DUI in LA after crashing his car with Basketball Wives star girlfriend Gloria Govan in the passenger seat Legs out for The Weeknd! Selena Gomez oozes sex appeal in two clingy thigh-skimming dresses as she enjoys night out in New York Enviable figure  Kendall Jenner reveals a little TOO much as she goes braless in a semi-sheer corset dress while strolling through New York Grabbed attention  'Men and religion are worthless': Bette Midler speaks out as stars from Ariana Grande to Khloe Kardashian support London terror attack victims Beyonce's daughter Blue Ivy 'will watch her mother give birth to twins so she doesn't feel left out' She is expecting twins in the coming weeks  'Take a picture while we joking': Jay Z caught faking candid photo with Kevin Hart... but comedian insists 'it came out dope as hell' The graduate! Eva Longoria receives honorary degree from Knox College... then treats herself to a Dairy Queen dessert Ariana Grande's brother Frankie meets with fans as he arrives at Old Trafford cricket ground ahead of the star-studded benefit concert  Love is blind! Single KUWTK star Jonathan Cheban wears statement shirt in Beverly Hills after splitting from Anat Popovsky last year Spanish fashion designer David Delfin dies at age 46 after battle with cancer Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy was one of the first to pay tribute  Bonding time! Ashley Benson and Shay Mitchell match in black as they enjoy girls' night out with Pretty Little Liars creator while leaving Craig's Princess Charlene exudes glamor in scarlet lipstick as she turns out to support Lycra-clad husband Prince Albert for his water bike challenge  Mommy and me! Minnie Driver goes makeup-free with stylish hat as she takes her son Henry shopping in Malibu Bradley Cooper and Irina Shayk leave the baby at home for a low-key date night in Santa Monica The pair went incognito for a romantic evening  Eric Dane makes first public appearance after break to cope with depression as he joins wife Rebecca Gayheart and kids at Chrysalis Ball Happy anniversary! Lindsay Price and Curtis Stone beam at Chrysalis Ball as they prepare to celebrate four years of marriage She has a sizzling Ora about her! Rita sends temperatures soaring as she flaunts her cleavage and toned waist in skimpy bikinis for VERY saucy shoot His biggest fan! Gavin Rossdale, 51, is supported by stunning new love interest Sophie Thomalla, 27, as he rocks out on stage in Las Vegas Prince Harry tucks into a traditional iftar feast of porridge and dates with young Singaporeans to celebrate the breaking of the fast during Ramadan 'Today was a good day': Former Bachelorette Trista Sutter posts loved-up snap with husband Ryan after suffering a scary seizure in Croatia Penny Lancaster, 47, shows off her famous model figure in a thigh-skimming crochet dress as she soaks up the sun on a yacht with husband Rod Stewart, 72 PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Welcome to my world! Taylor Swift and Joe Alwyn enjoy their morning coffee as she takes him home to Nashville 'Internet shopping like a self-pity fiend': Lena Dunham reveals how she's coping after endometriosis treatment as she's spotted in her PAJAMAS Pirates of the Caribbean star Kaya Scodelario 'REFUSES to pay for sick grandmother in Brazil as family label her actions unforgivable' Crocodile safaris, kangaroo for dinner and only wallabies for company: Inside Pippa Middleton and James Matthews' remote luxury outback love nest 'Missing my pink hair!': Kylie Jenner shares flashback photo with a snake... after sister Kendall possibly outed the teen as a smoker Hidden message? 'People can't tell us apart!' Kim Zolciak, 39, admonishes Brielle, 20, after she jokes her mom 'looks 40' Brielle Biermann incited the wrath of her mom Giggly Keri Russell glows in a summery peplum skirt and white top as she attends Polo event with long-term partner Matthew Rhys Loved-up couple  Girls' vacation! Kourtney Kardashian opens up her photo album as she shares flashback snaps from roadtrip with Kim and Khloe Still going strong! Balthazar Getty poses with wife Rosetta and kids at Chrysalis Ball... as it's been nearly 10 years since Sienna Miller affair Kate Beckinsale keeps it casual in tight black leggings as she showcases her svelte physique Rumored to be getting cozy with Jon Hamm  Sheer madness! Joanna Krupa reveals her toned stomach in body hugging black gown Turned heads on the red carpet  Girl done good! Natalie Portman 'snaps up $6.5million four bedroom Santa Barbara mansion with 10.4 acres of land and stunning views of the Pacific' Teen Mom star Farrah Abraham sports long blonde hair as she spends the day with her daughter Sophia Had a big day in the Big Apple  Braless Lottie Moss shows off her model figure in a plunging floral knotted crop top and matching shorts as she lunches with her mother in London ABS-olutely fabulous! Braless Miley Cyrus highlights her svelte figure in crop top with shorts and denim jacket Flashed her flat stomach in a white crop top Liam Payne, 23, reveals he and girlfriend Cheryl, 33, plan to expand family... as he admits fatherhood has made him a 'changed man' GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Pippa's new husband breaks with tradition by donning a wedding ring James, 41, has donned a gold band to show his devotion  Scott Disick, 34, cuddles up to topless Australian model, 21, as he enjoys a raucous evening with woman number NINE during trip to London Where the bloody hell was she? Lara Bingle 'arrives 45 minutes late' to Tiffany & Co. launch in before 'clocking off and refusing to speak to journalists' Those boots aren't made for walking! Iggy Azalea showcases some VERY extravagant floral thigh-highs in a plunging silky white gown  Looking good in her Blue Jeans! Lana Del Rey cuts a casual cool figure in black polo with skinny trousers while out in LA Spotted in Hollywood  Classic LBD with a twist! Zendaya wows in black dress with pearl detailing for Chrysalis Butterfly Ball The 20-year-old stepped out in an elegant gown  Khloe Kardashian's Good American fashion line hits back at accusations from independent designer that reality star copied her work Teen Mom OG's Ryan Edwards checks into rehab... after ex Maci Bookout revealed she was terrified he might OD He is doing well  'I've been let go!' Kevin Can Wait star Erinn Hayes dropped from second season as Leah Remini joins the cast Will not be returning for the second season  Stunning in Soho! Selena Gomez shows off her toned stomach in a crop top as she spends the day with friends The Bad Liar beauty is visiting the East Coast Ariana Grande 'set to perform tear-jerking duet of Where Is The Love? with The Black Eyed Peas' at star-studded One Love Manchester Benefit  The diet worked! Molly Sims flaunts her svelte frame on date night after ten-week bikini after baby plan They just spent last week in Mexico together 'Night Time!' Lindsay Lohan wears an unzipped dress as she poses atop her bed for saucy Instagram snap Shared a provocative picture 'Seal found your musical G-spot!' Delta Goodrem bursts into laughter at Boy George's VERY risqué joke during The Voice Australia live  Controversial remark Former Australian Bachelor contestant Tiffany Scanlon showcases her taut abs in a tiny red bikini as she reveals the secret behind her new six pack 'I went from eating at the White House to sleeping in the bushes': Child star Willie Aames reveals his 'stupid decisions' led to him losing everything 'She was standing there and I fell in love': Willie Aames reveals the incredible story of meeting his pen friend of 30 YEARS, Winnie Hung, who became his wife David and Victoria Beckham are 'ripping out their $6.4million country estate... because 'the roof colors don't match' Have halted work I want candy! Angelina Jolie treats kids Shiloh and Vivian to roller skating as daughter Zahara is seen with giant box of Hot Tamales Doting mother  Shop til you drop! Sofia Vergara looks effortlessly elegant in slim floral pants as she hits the shops in Beverly Hills She oozed style  'Lost for words but currently safe': Ruby Rose and girlfriend Jessica Origliasso are in lockdown as they're caught in the middle of London terror attack 'Getting into her zone': Coco Austin takes daughter Chanel, one, to Ice-T's concert... and dances along backstage Attended her husband Ice-T's concert Who is Ruairi Luke? Meet the busty Australian model who was spotted partying TOPLESS with Scott Disick and another man on a London balcony  'He is not feeling great': An exhausted Scott Disick returns to Los Angeles after a raucous week of partying as it's claimed he's 'ready to shape up' Now that's an arrival! Ice-T and Coco Austin are MOBBED by fans as they jet into Sydney with daughter Chanel They have both arrived in Australia  Ready for summer! Reese Witherspoon looks girly in gingham as she enjoys a day of shopping with husband Jim Married for six years Broadway star Laura Bell Bundy marries longtime love Thom Hinkle in country themed nuptials at horse track Tied the knot to the TBS executive  Baby on the way! Mad Men's Ben Feldman's wife Michelle Mulitz reveals her bump on the red carpet Attended the 16th Annual Chrysalis Butterfly Ball 'That's the fun part!' Beyonce's mom Tina Knowles buys her grandchildren 'drum sets'... to 'get my kids back' A 63-year-old beauty  'Brunettes have fun too!' Paris Hilton ditches her blonde locks for a brown wig as she plays dress up on Snapchat Known as the gorgeous blonde heiress 'I proposed to the love of my life': Former Dallas Cowboys quarterback and Hall of Famer Troy Aikman gets engaged to girlfriend Capa Mooty Alexandra Daddario keeps low profile in baggy ensemble after enjoying a tiki cruise with friends Looked a little worse for wear 'They've gotten even closer': Bradley Cooper and Irina Shayk speak 'several times a day' as actor works away from home following daughter's birth 'No hair, no makeup, no nothing': Jennifer Lopez, 47, looks half her age in bare-faced glimpse at her pre-show ritual Superstar bared-all for video  Stunning in silver! Halle Berry, 50, wows in sequined dress with matching jacket for the Chrysalis Butterfly Ball Oscar winner did not disappoint  'Think she's fond of my leg hair?' Bella Thorne's kitten snuggles into teen's unshaven pins Took to Instagram to announce that she had fallen ill GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Lady Mary partied so hard at Noel Gallagher's epic 50th birthday party she has been bedridden ever since Big birthday bash  Just do it! Bella Hadid flaunts her midriff in Nike sports bra with coordinating bottoms The 20-year-old stepped out for a work commitment  Breaking Bad star Aaron Paul can't keep his hands of wife Lauren Parsekian as they pack on the PDA while he films new movie in Italy That's Amore Priyanka Chopra reveals her svelte physique in a polka dot sundress at the Veuve Clicquot Polo Classic Finished her promo tour for Baywatch Absolutely quacked! Guy Ritchie and Tom Hardy 'storm out of Chinese restaurant after they're denied Peking Duck dish'  Unhappy  Christie's girl! Sailor Brinkley-Cook lets her natural beauty shine as she poses for magazine Let her natural radiance shine through for the latest issue 'We all might just make out': Orange Is The New Black star Yael Stone outlines VERY raunchy Wentworth crossover Lust-driven outline for a spin-off 'Beach bound!' Kim Zolciak shows off impressive figure on family Bahamas vacation... as brave son Kash helps stray one month after dog attack Night and day! Emma Roberts is transformed as she steps out in costume while filming Little Italy The beauty was clad in a patent leather black coat Who IS the murderer on the Orient Express? The line-up of suspects from the new eagerly anticipated film based on Agatha Christie's novel 'This goes down as a classic': Lupita Nyong'o raves over new Wonder Woman movie in heartfelt review She wholeheartedly agrees Justin Bieber jets into Germany clutching onto his skateboard ahead of performance at Ariana Grande's One Love Manchester benefit concert 'My marriage was a Greek tragedy': Prince Charles's astonishing hand-written letters to Nancy Reagan reveal his anguish over his split from Diana  'I was probably self-medicating: Kiwi singer Lorde reveals she went through a bout of heavy drinking after breaking up with ex-boyfriend White hot! Nicole Murphy puts her ample assets on display in low-cut frock for Women of Excellence Awards Gala Graced the red carpet  'Obsessed!' Heather Morris and son Owen tuck in as they celebrate National Donut Day May still be reeling from her baffling elimination from DWTS Plait looks fun! Bella Thorne rocks tiny shorts and braids as she steps out with her party posse She was seen with her rumored on again boyfriend Gregg Sulkin  Horsing around! Nicky Hilton Rothschild wows in green silk dress at Veuve Cliquot Polo Classic Kendall Jenner was also there Cher joins mourners as 'Ramblin Man' Gregg Allman is laid to rest in the same cemetery he used to write songs Thousands of fans lined the streets of Macon Disgraced Josh Duggar makes return to social media in post celebrating his four-year-old son Marcus' birthday two years after sex scandal Flaunting her Cannes tan! Bella Hadid showcases her endless legs in shorts and cut-out top during photoshoot Strutted her stuff  Keeping it brief! Leggy Kendall Jenner accidentally flashes her UNDERWEAR in leafy green mini-dress at star-studded Veuve Clicquot Polo Classic Busted! Kendall Jenner shares photo of sister Kylie holding a cigarette while bragging about photography skills Is she trying to get her sister in trouble? Heidi Klum, 43, stuns in a simple maxidress as she leaves Mykonos with beau Vito Schnabel, 30, after soaking up the sun on the Greek island Tanned and relaxed Wild things! Emmy Rossum and Sam Esmail share images from their honeymoon safari in Rwanda The loved up couple hared a slew of shots  No sunburn for her! Nicole Kidman keeps her pale skin under cover in a long-sleeved dress at Veuve Clicquot's Polo Classic at Liberty State Park 9021-whoah! Rachel McCord (almost) bares all in a VERY daring embellished jacket as she attends the Hollywood premiere of All About The Money Move over Kim! Kris Jenner, 61, wears see-through lace top and bra for dinner outing with Jada Pinkett Smith Flaunted her incredible figure  Proud to be in the pink: It's the color which used to make feminists see red - but now today's top women dress in Millennial Pink to signal empowerment  Jennifer Garner looks in high spirits as she picks up daughter Violet, 11, from school in navy shift dress... after ex Ben Affleck finally moves belongings out  We Belong Together! Mariah Carey and her recently rekindled flame Bryan Tanaka put on an amorous display at a dinner date  Couldn't be separated  EXCLUSIVE: Actor Alan Cummings is pleading for the release of his former chimpanzee co-star Tonka from 'cockroach-infested' primate foundation  Naughty and nice! Sophia Bush shows off her cleavage in a flirty lace dress at film festival gala in Connecticut  Pamela Anderson shows off her famous curves in a white bardot dress during  post-dinner walk with a male friend in St Tropez Fabulous in France  Just like dad! Tom Brady brings mini me son Jack to charity football game The 39-year-old NFL superstar looked every bit the proud father  'I sit there in awe': Seal reveals his 'deep affection' for The Voice co-star Delta Goodrem after announcing he 'loved' her The Voice Australia stars She's a City Girl! Rosario Dawson joins creator Sarah Ramos and Busy Philipps for a table read of Internet hit Three actresses couldn't stop smiling  'It was definitely not a comfortable day': Vanessa Williams, 54, rued having to wear bikini for first day on Daytime Divas (despite looking AMAZING) Manchester gets ready to rock and remember: Final preparations under way for tomorrow night's One Love benefit concert at Old Trafford  Just a day away  'We wouldn't have made the same choice': Wonder Woman director Patty Jenkins admits her 'heart sank' when Gal Gadot was originally cast Touchdown! Olivia Culpo and NFL star boyfriend Danny Amendola coordinate in red for charity football game Tom Brady's event Is that you Elle? Reese Witherspoon channels her ditzy Legally Blonde character in vibrant pink summer dress from her very own range 'This is the scariest building I've ever seen! WTF goes on inside?' Tom Hanks posts a photo of mysterious almost windowless Manhattan tower  Right on the Munn-ey! Braless Olivia stuns in Daisy Dukes as she puts on leggy display in lace up gladiator heels Treated herself to a new hair style Both of Bill Cosby's 'wives' will be at trial: Disgraced comedian's real-life partner of 50 years Camille and his TV spouse Phylicia Rashad will be in court  Pretty Little Liar star Ashley Benson goes braless as she reveals midriff in crop top while out in Beverly Hills Rocked the revealing ensemble  Coyote ugly! Kanye West wants to design Calabasas High School sports uniforms... but only if he can rename them the Wolves Joanna Krupa puts on a busty display in plunging white playsuit as she enjoys dinner in West Hollywood She recently split from husband Romain Zago Queen of green! Hailey Baldwin catches the eye in a quirky emerald tracksuit and stiletto heels as she steps out for coffee Cut a confident look Sudden departure! Stylish Justin Theroux leaves NY for LA ahead of The Leftovers final ever episode The 45-year-old cut a stylish traveler look Check mate! Lindsay Lohan blows a kiss as she dines out in stylish monochrome jacket... after admitting she 'misses' her Hollywood lifestyle Make-up free Julianne Moore cuts a casual figure as she rocks pajama couture in rare outing with husband Stepped out for lunch in New York 'I am basically a witch': Lorde reveals fascination with witchcraft as singer claims she has connected with the ghost of David Bowie Sheer perfection! The Mummy star Annabelle Wallis reveals her bra in a daring see-through top as she dines out in London Flashed her toned body He's scored! Proud Kim Sears celebrates husband Andy Murray's win against Juan Martin Del Potro at French Open Putting in the leg work! Alessandra Ambrosio catches the eye in thigh-skimming minidress as she attends Madrid fashion launch Turning heads in Spain  Bruce Springsteen's showjumping daughter Jessica displays her equestrian skills as she competes at the Athina Onassis Horse Show in St Tropez Black is the New Orange: Ruby Rose cuts a low-key figure as she touches down in London in a sombre hoodie and shades All grown up! Raven-Symone and Anneliese van der Pol reprise their best friend roles in new trailer for Disney's Raven's Home New trailer Lottie Moss displays her enviably toned pins in ruffled floral romper as she enjoys night out with Scott Disick's rumored flame Ella Ross Cuter couture! Orlando Bloom proudly rocks adorable T-shirt designed by his six-year-old son Flynn He has his own personal designer 'There's a place for outright silliness right now': Comedian Steve Carell says moviegoers need a balance of lighthearted comedy and reality  Sofia Vergara cuts a casual figure in off-the-shoulder top and ripped jeans while shopping in LA The 44-year-old star looked casual cool 'I didn't want a number': Tom Cruise reveals Top Gun sequel will be called Top Gun: Maverick Sequel to the 1986 action film Top Gun Sheerly amazing! Lorde takes the stage in black see-through top for star-studded Governor's Ball in New York City Revealing outfit Goddess in green! Isla Fisher cuts a chic figure in emerald leather-look jacket as she speaks at Children's Book and Author breakfast in New York Black Eyed Peas frontman will.i.am claims reports Fergie left the group are 'lies' and says she's focusing on solo work False rumors  Right on Target! Halsey dons a blue wig as she surprises diehard fans with impromptu meet-and-greet at LA store Blending in with the locals! Kelly Rowland sports camouflage jacket as she spends day in Sydney with family and husband Tim Weatherspoon Revealed: The full list of 100 super-rich British stars in $900million tax relief scheme includes The Beckhams, Robbie Williams, and Geri Halliwell Changing seasons! Lily Aldridge switches up summery red dress for fall pantsuit for Vogue shoot in New York Wowed in a hot-weather dress  Hello sunshine! Gigi Hadid gives just a peek at her toned tum in form-fitting bright yellow two-piece number She's used to having all eyes on her Still a Pretty Woman! Evergreen Julia Roberts stuns as she goes casual cool in bomber jacket over blouse for Malibu photoshoot Ageless beauty Kathy Griffin loses remainder of her tour gigs in wake of Donald Trump severed head scandal after dramatic press conference Celebrity Run-Ins Tour  I feel like a rock star after meeting Ariana Grande, says eight-year-old bomb victim who was visited in hospital by pop star and Prince William From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Is this the ultimate party speaker? MailOnline puts Sony's XB40 to the test Sony SRS-XB40 has a built-in multi-coloured line light, speaker lights and a flashing strobe. It features 24 hours of battery life and claims to be a 'mini-disco on the move'. But does it live up to the claim? Samsung's Galaxy S8: A hefty price tag and a dumb personal assistant Samsung's new Galaxy S8 phone is stunning, but its $100 price hike is hard to swallow. Overall the S8 is for those who want elegance - and are willing to pay for it. Affordable, robust and surprisingly responsive: Samsung's Galaxy A5 With the eagerly awaited Galaxy S8 having been pushed back, South Korea-based Samsung has plugged the gap with the Samsung Galaxy A5, a high-end device with a mid-range price tag. Is it really worth paying £280 for Nintendo's Switch? MailOnline's verdict While the design is impressive and easy to use, the game line up is disappointing. Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story BMW's fully automated self-driving car will be available within four years: RAY MASSEY takes the first 'drive' 78 comments 3 videos Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
News UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Indy/Life Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports Formula 1 US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: News Business Business News World must stop investing in tobacco say fund managers in charge of $3.8 trillion 'We in the investment community are becoming increasingly aware of the important role we can play in helping to address the health and societal impacts of tobacco', group says Ben Chapman Wednesday 31 May 2017 17:01 BST Click to follow The Independent Online Fund managers in charge of $3.8 trillion of assets have called on the world to stop investing in tobacco companies. Four of the largest funds in the group, Axa, Calpers, Scor and AMP Capital, have already sold their tobacco investments.  The group issued a statement on Wednesday, World No Tobacco Day (WNTD), which reads: “We in the investment community are becoming increasingly aware of the important role we can play in helping to address the health and societal impacts of tobacco. Read more Philip Morris says it could stop selling conventional cigarettes ”We strive within our own scope of action to support the ambition of the World Health Organisation (WHO) in line with our commitment to the positive role finance can play in sustainable development more broadly". Axa, France’s largest investment fund, announced a year ago that it would divest completely from the tobacco industry, selling $2bn worth of assets. “We strongly believe in the positive role insurance can play in society, and that insurers are part of the solution when it comes to health prevention to protect our clients,” deputy chief executive Thomas Buberl said in a statement at the time. Read more The average number of cigarettes smoked per person per year, mapped The 6 new laws on cigarettes that just came in The new smoking laws coming into effect this weekend “Hence, it makes no sense for us to continue our investments within the tobacco industry.” The World Health Organisation instigated WNTD as part of one of its official global health campaigns. On its website, the WHO describes tobacco as an “epidemic” that represents, “one of the biggest public health threats the world has ever faced”. Business picture of the day 29 show all Business picture of the day 1/29 UK car production slumps by nearly a fifth in April as timing of Easter bites - Thursday May 24 UK car manufacturing plummeted by almost a fifth in April, as the timing of Easter ate into the number of production days in the month. Reuters 2/29 Marks and Spencer reports slump in profit hurt by clothing sales and cost of new food stores - Wednesday 24 May High street stalwart Marks and Spencer has reported a more than 60 per cent fall in pre-tax profit in the year to the end of March, hurt by a decline in clothing sales and higher costs from opening new food stores. Pre-tax profit came in at £176.4m for the year, while sales were broadly steady at £10.6bn. Food revenue was up 4.2 per cent. Reuters 3/29 Apple named world’s most value company in tech-dominated Forbes ranking - Tuesday 23 May Tech behemoth Apple has been named the most valuable brand in the world for a seventh consecutive year. The highly-regarded ranking, compiled by Forbes magazine, puts the iPhone makers’ brand value at $170bn, a 10 per cent increase on figure for 2016 and well ahead of second-placed Google, whose brand value has risen $19.3bn from last year to just under $102bn, according to Forbes. Tech peer Microsoft nabbed third spot, with a value of $87bn, followed by Facebook at $73.5bn. Consumer goods giant Coca-Cola rounds out the top five with a value of $56.4bn. Reuters 4/29 Diamond ring bought for £10 at car boot sale expected to fetch £350,000 at auction - Monday 22 May A large, diamond ring is expected to fetch £350,000 at auction 30 years after its owner paid £10 for it at a car boot sale, thinking it was a costume jewel. The “exceptionally-sized” stone was presumed not to be real because 19th Century diamonds were not cut to show off their brilliance like today's gems. And so the owner, unaware of its value, wore it for decades, while doing everything from the shopping to the chores. PA 5/29 $110 Basquiat sold by Family who bought it for $19,000 - Friday 19 May Jean-Michel Basquiat’s painting of a skull sold for $110.5 million at Sotheby’s in New York, setting an auction record for American artists and providing a windfall for the daughter of two collectors who purchased it for $19,000 in 1984. Getty Images 6/29 Peppa Pig owner Entertainment One announces 117 new episodes - Friday 19 May The company that owns the Peppa Pig brand has announced that it is producing 117 new episodes for the popular children’s cartoon. The new series will air from spring 2019 and take the total number of Peppa Pig episodes to 381. Getty 7/29 Property tycoon who banned 'coloured people because of curry smells' faces legal action - Thursday 18 May A buy-to-let tycoon who banned “coloured people” from his properties “because of curry smells” is facing legal action brought by the equality watchdog. Millionaire Fergus Wilson, who reportedly owns close to 1,000 properties in Kent, sent an email to a local letting agency informing them of the ban. Commission chief executive, Rebecca Hilsenrath, said: “We have asked the court if it agrees with us that Mr Wilson’s lettings policy contains unlawful criteria and, if so, to issue an injunction. “As this is now formal legal action we will release further information at a later date.” Gareth Fuller/PA 8/29 Nestlé foiled by Cadbury as it loses bid to trademark KitKat bar - Wednesday 17 May KitKat-maker Nestlé has been foiled again, after a UK Court of Appeal ruled that the consumer goods giant cannot trademark the shape of its popular four-fingered chocolate bar. The ruling is the latest in a long running legal battle between the Swiss-based company and its rival Cadbury. Nestlé argues that the KitKat’s shape is “iconic” and should be protected by law but Cadbury objects. On Wednesday, the Court of Appeal ruled in favour of Cadbury, dismissing the claim. iStock 9/29 Yorkshire is the best region in the UK for workplace happiness - Tuesday 16 May The best region in Britain for workplace happiness and satisfaction is Yorkshire and the Humber, according to new research. London only managed to make it to number five for happiness and came bottom for work satisfaction, according to research commissioned by recruitment agency Robert Half. The findings may give pause for thought to many workers in the capital putting up with sky-high property prices in the hope of landing their dream job. 10/29 Andy Murray funds company behind world's first foldable bike helmet - Monday May 15 He may be almost unbeatable on the tennis court, but how will Andy Murray fare in the world of investing? On Monday, a company that claims to make the world's first folding bike helmet announced that the tennis pro was one of more than 400 individuals who had helped it raise nearly £700,000 on crowdfunding platform Seedrs. Morpher’s bike helmets fold and unfold, meaning that they can easily be slipped into a bag when not in use, catering to cyclists who find normal helmets cumbersome to carry around. Morpher 11/29 Morrisons will sell 'wonky avocados' for just 39p from Monday as demand hit record levels - Friday May 12 Morrisons will start selling deformed avocados at a third of the average cost of normally-shaped ones as growing demand and reduced harvests from major producers has pushed up prices in recent weeks. The supermarket said on Friday that it would start selling the misshapen and superficially blemished fruits for 39p each or £2.40 a kilogramme in the majority of its stores across the UK starting from 15 May until the end of the summer. Morrisons claims that its offer is the cheapest on the UK market and compares to an average retail price of £1.05 apiece, which is up from 98p last year. Morrisons 12/29 Unilever develops technology to prevent billions of plastic sachets from entering into oceans - Thuesday 11 May Unilever, the consumer goods giant behind brands such as Dove, Ben & Jerry’s and Marmite, is making a big push toward more sustainable packaging. The company sells billions of products in single-use sachets each year, including cosmetics and food products, particularly in developing and emerging markets. It says that it has now developed new technology to recycle them, which will prevent packaging from ending up in our oceans or in landfill. Through a system called CreaSolv Process, the plastic from the sachets will be recovered and then used to create new ones for Unilever products – creating a full circular economy approach. Unilever 13/29 Euro hits a six-month high after Emmanuel Macron’s French presidential victory - Monday 8 May The euro hit a six-month high against the dollar on Monday and US stock futures briefly touched a record high after Emmanuel Macron won the French presidential election, easily beating anti-EU rival Marine le Pen. Reuters 14/29 Princess Charlotte's John Lewis cardigan from birthday photo sells out - Tuesday 2 May A knitted yellow John Lewis cardigan adorned with pictures of sheep has sold out after Princess Charlotte was photographed wearing the item, prompting a surge in demand from British parents wanting to dress their offspring like the young royal. John Lewis confirmed that the clothing item sold out online shortly after the photograph was published, although a coordinating prink dress, selling for £10 on the John Lewis’ website, was still available on Tuesday morning. HRH The Duchess of Cambridge via Getty Images 15/29 Dubai becomes first city in world with own Microsoft font - Monday 1 May Dubai has become the first city in the world to get its own front, the government announced on Sunday. The type face, simply called “Dubai Font”, comes in both Arabic and Latin script and will be available in 23 languages. It was created in partnership with Microsoft and is now available to Microsoft Office 365 users around the world. Getty 16/29 Donald Trump administration loses trade battle over tuna as WTO lets Mexico hit US with sanctions - Wednesday April 26 The US has just lost a major trade battle with Mexico and it revolved around tuna. On Tuesday, the World Trade Organisation ruled that Mexico is allowed to impose $163m (£127m) a year in sanctions against the US on trade in tuna, ending a years-long dispute. The clash, which dates back to 2008, centred on the US insisting that any Mexican tuna sold in the US must have a ‘dolphin safe’ guarantee, meaning that no dolphins were killed by fishermen catching the tuna. Reuters 17/29 Luxury brand LVMH to snap up Christian Dior for £10bn - Tuesday 25 April French billionaire Bernard Arnault moved to consolidate control over Christian Dior for about €12.1bn (£10.3bn), folding the fashion house’s operations into the LVMH luxury empire in one of his biggest transactions. Rex 18/29 Euro and shares rally after Emmanuel Macron wins first voting round of French election - Monday 24 April The euro briefly surged to a five-month high against a basket of currencies late Sunday after centrist candidate Emmanuel Macron won the first round of a hotly contested French election vote, an outcome broadly considered the most market-friendly. Immediately after the vote, the euro surged to $1.0940, its highest level against the dollar since November last year, before retreating to around $1.0869. Reuters 19/29 Barbie out of fashion as Mattel slumps - Friday 21 April Mattel shares took a hit after the world’s largest toy company reported a much worse than expected sales slump dragged down by poor demand for key brands such as Barbie and Fisher-Price. Shares in the company dropped 6 per cent to $23.70 (£18.50) in after-hours trading in New York on Thursday after the toymaker reported a loss of $133.2m or 33 cents per share for the three months to 31 March. Barbie sales, which begun to recover last year after the toymaker introduced new dolls with different body types and skin colours, slipped again with gross sales down 13 per cent compared to a year ago - their second consecutive quarter of decline. AFP/Getty 20/29 Government to sell Green Investment Bank to Macquarie in £2.3bn deal - Thursday 20 April The British Government said on Thursday it would sell Green Investment Bank to a consortium led by Macquarie Bank in a deal worth £2.3bn. The British Government set up GIB, which backs green projects with public funds, in 2012 as a commercial venture to spur private investment in green projects. It has invested more than £2bn in projects such as offshore wind farms and waste management. The Government decided to sell a majority stake in 2015, saying it would give the bank more freedom to borrow, remove state aid restrictions and allow it to attract more capital. AFP/ Getty Images 21/29 Snap election threatens Government plan to finally lower energy bills - Wednesday 19 April Energy customers face further delays from government in dealing with with soaring bills, MPs heard on Wednesday. Business secretary Greg Clark accused companies of “flagrant mistreatment” and “milking” their customers in a “broken” market, but insisted the snap general election announced by Theresa May on Tuesday meant he would “have to reflect on the timing” to lay out his long-awaited plans for a crackdown. Getty/iStockphoto 22/29 Pound sterling surges as Theresa May calls for 8 June general election - Tuesday 18 April The pound surged against the dollar on Tuesday to its highest level since last December after Prime Minister Theresa May said she wanted a general election on 8 June. When Ms May announced she wanted a new national poll, at around 11.05am, the pound instantly jumped, climbing to $1.2765 by the end of trading, up 1.62 per cent on the day and the highest since 13 December. It was also sterling's biggest one day jump since March 2016. 23/29 China's first quarter growth beats expectations - Monday 17 April This aerial photo taken on April 12, 2017 shows farmers working in the fields in Yangzhou, in eastern China's Jiangsu province. ina's growth stabilised in the first quarter thanks to rising investments and a recovery in exports. cording to an AFP survey of 16 economic analysts, the gross domestic product expanded 6.8 percent in the first three months of this year Getty Images 24/29 Rome’s Trevi Fountain generates €1.4m for city’s charities in 2016 - Thursday April 13 Rome’s Trevi Fountain was a veritable cash cow for the Eternal city’s charities in 2016, according to new data. The charity Caritas said this week that tourists tossed €1.4m (£1.2m) into the baroque fountain last year, helping to subsidise a supermarket for Rome’s needy Andreas Solaro/AFP/Getty Images 25/29 Pret and Paul offer discount to customers who bring their own coffee cup - Monday April 10 French bakery group Paul and sandwich chain Pret a Manger will begin offering discounts to customers bringing in their own reusable cups, yielding to pressure from environmental groups concerned about the mountains of cardboard waste generated in the UK each year. 26/29 Doritos, Coco Pops, Peperami among latest products to be hit by shrinkflation - Thursday April 6 Bags of Doritos, packets Peperami and boxes Coco Pops have become the latest treats to shrink in size as retailers passed on surging costs from the Brexit-hit pound and rising commodity prices. 27/29 Cuban family making their own wine brand using condoms - Wednesday April 5 family wine business in Cuba is thriving thanks in part to an unconventional item being added into the fermentation process – condoms. As a result of the US trade embargo and other inefficiencies of Cuba's economy, thousands of basic household items are inaccessible to Cubans meaning that sometimes a little creativity is required to get the job done. At El Canal, a winery in Havana, Orestes Estevez and his family fill glass jugs with grapes, ginger and hibiscus, before securing a condom over each glass jug Allowing Heathrow to expand will create “a serious obstacle” to meeting the UK’s commitments on climate change and reducing air pollution, a leading scientist has warned. AP 28/29 'Pink Star' diamond sells for world record £57m in Hong Kong auction - Tuesday April 4 A rare pink diamond dubbed the “Pink Star” has become the world's most expensive gemstone to sell at auction, coming under the hammer in Hong Kong on Tuesday for $71.2m (£57.3m). The oval-cut 59.6 carat jewel, discovered in a mine in Africa by De Beers in 1999, is the largest fancy vivid pink diamond, categorised as “flawless” or “internally flawless”, that the Gemological Institute of America (GIA) has ever graded. It sold after a five-minute bidding war, that started at $56m, to Hong Kong jewellery retailer Chow Tai Fook at Sotheby's. AP 29/29 Stopping climate change could boost the world economy by £15 trillion - Tuesday March 21 Efforts to slow climate change won’t just keep the planet habitable. They will also boost the world economy by $19 trillion (£15.2 trillion). Investments in renewable power and energy efficiency will add about 0.8 per cent to global gross domestic product by 2050, the International Renewable Energy Agency, or Irena, said Monday in a report produced for the German government. Governments are committing resources to green energy in a bid to keep warming within 2 degrees Celsius (3.6 Fahrenheit), of pre-industrial conditions, in accordance with the landmark Paris Agreement on global warming. Getty Smoking kills more than 7 million people a year, including around 890,000 non-smokers exposed to second-hand fumes, according to the WHO. A survey published by the European Commission to coincide with WNTD found that there has been no decrease in the number of regular smokers in the EU since 2014. Amongst 15 to 24-year-olds the number of daily smokers has gone up in that time. ”The increase in youth smoking rates illustrates the urgency for member states to enforce the provisions of the Tobacco Products Directive, which forbid attractive cigarettes aimed at enticing young people,“ said Vytenis Andriukaitis, EU commissioner for health and food safety. More about: Smoking Tobacco Axa WHO World Health Organisation Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
Search Newsweek Search form Search Search form Search U.S. World Business Tech & Science Culture Sports Opinion Subscribe To Newsweek Sign In Subscribe To Newsweek Change Your Edition US International Middle East 日本 한국 Pakistan Polska Srbija Sign In Tech & Science Apple's Potential Fatal Flaw? It Doesn't Know Enough About You By Kevin Maney On 5/30/17 at 12:25 PM 06/09/17 In the Magazine An aerial view of the new Apple headquarters on April 28, 2017 in Cupertino, California. Apple's new 175-acre campus dubbed "Apple Park" was designed by Lord Norman Foster and cost roughly $5 billion. Justin Sullivan/Getty Tech & Science Apple big data Alphabet Amazon Facebook Microsoft Close Apple, Alphabet, Microsoft, Amazon and Facebook are the five most valuable U.S. companies, in that order. By 2025, it’s a good bet at least one will no longer be on that list. Which company will that be? Maybe the one starting to move into a $5 billion headquarters building that looks like a cross between a starship and a Bundt cake? Subscribe to Newsweek from $1 per week It’s simplistic but fun to base Apple’s prospects entirely on the Edifice complex, which dictates that a company’s future success is inversely correlated to the grandiosity of its home office. A few years ago, super-investor Marc Andreessen published a list of 10 signs a company is ripe for a fall. No. 7: “Pouring huge money into overly glorious new headquarters.” This principle is why no Sears employees are still in what used to be Chicago’s Sears Tower. But there is a more profound reason to believe Apple could be culled from the Big Five: data. Data, as pundits like to say, is the new oil. Companies with the most data will win. Sucking Up Data Data make a company’s machine-learning software get smarter so that the company can better serve customers and vacuum up more market share. Think of Amazon’s recommendation engine or the way the Google search algorithm constantly hones itself. As a company wins share, it pulls in yet more data, and the machine-learning software keeps getting smarter, further distancing the winning company from the also-rans. That spiral is why we’ve wound up with a handful of tech giants that boast a combined market value greater than the gross domestic product of the United Kingdom. Related: How AI will cure America's sick health care system The top five companies might appear to be in different businesses—hardware, search, software, retail, social media—but in fact they are competing fiercely against one another for one thing: data. Whenever you use any of their products or services, you are giving them data and making them smarter. So a primary factor in the future success of these companies is whether they can soak up more and new kinds of data about you and the world at large. Alphabet, the second-most valuable company after Apple, operates a mind-boggling web of data-collecting services. It starts with Google’s 90 percent share of search, which acts like the company’s real-time ticker showing what the planet’s population is interested in right now. (In May, Google Trends showed a sudden spike in searches for “Richard Nixon.” Wonder why.) Add to that Google’s Chrome browser, Gmail, Google Docs, YouTube, maps, calendars, photos and Android, which runs 80 percent of the world’s smartphones and tracks a ton of data about each user. Alphabet is to data collection what a humpback whale is to krill. Facebook knows a side of you that Google doesn’t—your social interactions and, thus, a lot about your personality. It has about 2 billion active users globally, and that’s not counting WhatsApp, Instagram and whatever the company will do with Oculus virtual reality. Facebook is also becoming the world’s most powerful news service, so its software can learn about events and public sentiment from billions of clicks, likes and shares. Amazon sucks up more data than any other company about consumer habits, while Amazon Web Services (AWS)—the cloud-computing juggernaut—gives Amazon a window on how data are being used by thousands of startups and big companies such as Netflix, which host their operations on AWS. Now Amazon is betting its Alexa gadgets can become our ever-present personal assistants in the cloud, gathering data about our lives along the way. And Microsoft? Yeah, it’s more boring than the others, but it’s entrenched in the world’s business operations with Windows, Office, server software and cloud computing. Corporations would grind to a halt without PowerPoint. Much of that software gives Microsoft ways to soak up more data about how we work than any competitor except maybe Google. Can Apple Catch Up? That brings us back to Apple. Yes, we love its hardware, and we will keep buying iPhones and MacBooks and iPads—though even Apple’s hardware prowess is getting a little humdrum. The introduction of a new iPhone model used to generate goosebumps. Now the anticipation for the iPhone 8, to be unveiled in the fall, feels about on the level of excitement for a new model Chevy Camaro. More important, Apple seems to be in a data-collection corner when competing against the other four giants. Its crown jewel—the iPhone and iOS—accounts for just 20 percent of smartphones, which means Google gets the data from the other 80 percent of smartphone users. Apple has no search, no social network, no significant online retail operation, no cloud services. All its productivity software ranks behind similar products from Microsoft and Google. Apple’s Siri, once the star of commercials with John Malkovich, has fallen behind Alexa and Google’s voice services in the race to be our digital assistants. Related: Will AI robots turn humans into pets? Meanwhile, Facebook, Google and Microsoft are investing heavily in virtual reality and seem to be well ahead of Apple. Even iTunes, which once funneled vast amounts of data about media habits to Apple, has turned into a technological laggard behind the likes of Netflix, Spotify, Amazon streaming services and Google’s YouTube. In just about every avenue for collecting data, Apple has been beaten. And because, in the era of machine learning, data relentlessly increases the gap between the winners and losers, it’s hard to see how Apple can catch up to Alphabet, Amazon, Microsoft and Facebook. Selling cool hardware that we all need will be a good business for a long time, just as selling cars or refrigerators can be a good business. But when it comes to inventing the data-driven, machine-learning future, four of the big five seem to be in a better position, while one is moving 12,000 employees into a steel-and-glass wheel that sports a 100,000-square-foot fitness center with a two-story yoga room that, as Wired reports, is “covered in stone, from just the right quarry in Kansas, that’s been carefully distressed, like a pair of jeans, to make it look like the stone at [Steve] Jobs’s favorite hotel in Yosemite.” Not every high-flying company tanks after building luxury digs, but it’s happened enough that people notice. Silicon Graphics built a huge campus at its peak, then abandoned it to a rising Google in 2003. MySpace signed a 12-year lease worth $350 million in Los Angeles in 2008, as Facebook loomed on its horizon. AOL Time Warner started building a massive home in the middle of New York in 2000, just before the stock collapsed and the merger got labeled one of the worst deals ever. Apple is packed with brilliant people who may surprise us with some wondrous new thing that leaves other companies far behind. It also has nearly $260 billion in cash—enough to buy General Electric, AT&T or Anheuser-Busch InBev. (Apple Beer!) But it’s just as likely that the new Apple campus will eventually seem like a monument to a great run that culminated in an $800 million market cap the moment the moving vans pulled up out front. Request Reprint or Submit Correction Join the Discussion Related Stories Tech & Science Tech Firms Oppose Transgender Discrimination CEOs from 12 tech companies criticized the proposed Texas... Culture Is Apple's Patented Pizza Box Design the Future? Like the new Apple campus, the slim pizza box is circular. Tech & Science Apple Market Cap Passes $800 Billion The tech firm became the first U.S. company to top the ... Tech & Science Apple CEO Blames iPhone 8 Rumors for Poor Sales Apple is widely rumored to be working on a major overhaul... © 2017 Newsweek LLC Sign up For The Newsletter About Us Corrections Contact Us Newsweek Media Group Careers Advertise Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Archive Recent Issues Subscribe June 02 Issue AI Will Cure America's Sick Health Care System Mislabeling Means Consumers Eat a Lot of Imposter Fish What Curing Deaf Mice's Hearing Means For Humans May 26 Issue Inside Putin’s Campaign to Destroy U.S. Democracy A Look Back at the Beatles' 'Sgt. Pepper’s' at 50 Mother's Day Massacre May 19 Issue In Rural Siberia, the Hospital Comes to You Vive Le Centre? Macron’s Fight Is Only Just Beginning Why Johnny Can't Integrate May 12 Issue Why Jack Ma's Second Act Will Be Tougher Than His First Space: The Final Homework Frontier Trump’s Tax Cuts Ignore History and Arithmetic Browse Archives
Survival guide Things To Do Go to...Survival guide Things To Do Home Greece Politics Finance World Culture Travel Lifestyle Mediterranean cooking Weather Go to...Home Greece Politics Finance World Culture Travel Lifestyle Mediterranean cooking Weather ATHEX INDEX: 786.570.6% Latest News Man with beer in hand walks away calmly from terror attack (video) » He becomes the symbol of Londoners' resilience ... 12 people arrested over London terrorist attacks » Police raided flat owned by one of three terrorists ... Theresa May: Enough is enough on Islamist extremism » Vows to clamp down on Islamist ideology ... Sexy Christina Stefanidi in Mykonos (video) » Starts vacations with partner Panagiotis Kone ... Greek President Pavlopoulos offers condolences to Britain over London attack » President Pavlopoulos expresses his abhorrence over incident ... World leaders condemn London terrorist attack » The casualties rise to seven ... “This is for Allah”: London terrorist attack eyewitness (video) » Seven people killed and 48 injured in attack ... Terror in London: Seven killed in 2 attacks in London (photos-videos) » At least 48 injured ... Double attack in London. Casualties reported (video) » Some reports speak of 3 dead ... Real Madrid champions of Europe! Defeat Juventus 4-1 in Champions League final (video) » Spaniards lift trophy 12th time ... All the rumours you need to read about the iPhone 8 May, 31 2017 Author: Thema Newsroom It’s not gonna have WHICH iconic Apple feature? Related Which companies accept bitcoin? (list) 5 cool gadgets that will make your life easier (video) With teddy bear Bluetooth hack, 11-year-old proves IoT security is… Smartphone addiction (infographic) 8 Android tricks & tips that most users don’t know… Seeing as we’ve cracked, smashed, lost and dropped more Apple products than we can even bear to think about, you’d think we’d be put off using their phones. Right? Er, wrong – which is why we’re so interested in the iPhone 8 release and all the rumours surrounding the follow up phone to the iPhone 7s. So what can be expected from the next iPhone in the series? What will the iPhone 8 look like? Numerous publications have been referencing ‘Apple expert’ (what that exactly means, we’re not sure) Benjamin Geskin’s tweets which show a leaked idea of what the iPhone 8 will look like. As you can see, these images suggest there’ll be no Home button on the new phone (?!), and the Touch ID fingerprint scanner will be embedded within the display. Whaaaat. The handset will also reportedly have a new OLED display that will stretch across the whole front of the phone. How big will the iPhone 8 be? Rumours say the iPhone 8 will be the biggest one yet at 5.8inches – with the iPhone the iPhone 7 Plus coming in at 5.5-inches. So yeah, it’ll be pretty huge. What new functions will the iPhone 8 have? Apparently, Apple are hoping to introduce 3D scanning that will be able to see people’s faces, a “function area” at the bottom of the large screen allowing easy access to certain features – much like the new Macbook Pro’s touch bar, and extra display places for things like photos, The Independent reports. It’s thought it’ll also have a storage update (yaaas), as well as the ability to float on water, according to Tech Stuff. They say Apple previously filed a patent to create a phone with shock absorbers – and a mechanism which means the phone floats – in a bid to prevent cracked screens and water damage. A report in Bloomberg also suggested the iPhone 8 will have wireless charging abilities. How good will the selfies be? After the revolutionary introduction of the dual camera and portrait mode on the iPhone 7 Plus, are all our selfies going to get better and better from now on? 9to5Mac think it’ll remain exclusive to the bigger of the iPhone models in the future – which is great news for iPhone 8 users. There’s also talk of a “revolutionary” new selfie camera that uses infrared technology to detect the location and depth of objects in its field of vision, and a 3D camera system for 3D selfies, face and iris recognition. Instagram game, strong. When will the iPhone 8 be released? Apple traditionally release the latest iPhones during the first two weeks of September, so following that pattern would mean between 4 – 17 September 2017. But with that said, this year marks 10 years since the original iPhone first came out – with Tech Trader Daily questioning whether that means it’ll come out on the same date 29 June, or sooner that the usual September. How much will the iPhone 8 cost? According to the Fast Company, who say “a source with knowledge of Apple’s plans” leaked the price plan to them, report that the iPhone 8 will be the most expensive yet, exceeding the $1,000 (£778) mark for the first time. Oh good. Source Tags With: applefeaturesiPhone8mobile phonesciencesmartphonetechnology ← Israel reaches for the skies and the moon A glimpse of Paradise! Antipaxoi in Greece! (VIDEO-PHOTOS) → May, 31 2017 Israel reaches for the skies and the moon May, 26 2017 With teddy bear Bluetooth hack, 11-year-old proves IoT security is… May, 25 2017 NASA plans mission to explore an asteroid so valuable, it… Recent Popular Greek President Pavlopoulos offers condolences to Britain over London attack Jun, 04 2017 Man with beer in hand walks away calmly from terror… Jun, 04 2017 World leaders condemn London terrorist attack Jun, 04 2017 Theresa May: Enough is enough on Islamist extremism Jun, 04 2017 Give her an orgasm in 15 minutes! May, 27 2017 12 people arrested over London terrorist attacks Jun, 04 2017 This hot woman got really exited about Real Madrid winning… May, 26 2017 Beware! Giant fin whale approaches Syros port! (photo) May, 26 2017 TUI: Bookings for Greece on the rise for 2017 May, 26 2017 These sexy ladies are preparing for Summer! (SIZZLING PHOTOS) May, 28 2017 Man with beer in hand walks away calmly from terror… Jun, 04 2017 12 people arrested over London terrorist attacks Jun, 04 2017 Theresa May: Enough is enough on Islamist extremism Jun, 04 2017 Sexy Christina Stefanidi in Mykonos (video) Jun, 04 2017 Greek President Pavlopoulos offers condolences to Britain over London attack Jun, 04 2017 World leaders condemn London terrorist attack Jun, 04 2017 “This is for Allah”: London terrorist attack eyewitness (video) Jun, 04 2017 Terror in London: Seven killed in 2 attacks in London… Jun, 04 2017 Double attack in London. Casualties reported (video) Jun, 04 2017 Real Madrid champions of Europe! Defeat Juventus 4-1 in Champions… Jun, 03 2017 Champions League Final: Juventus vs. Real Madrid (1-1) at halftime Jun, 03 2017 Emotional moments as Ariana Grande visits injured fans at hospital… Jun, 03 2017 24-year-old man arrested over Manchester bombing attack Jun, 03 2017 Weather warning for weekend Jun, 03 2017 Brace yourself: Fighter jet crashes! (video) Jun, 03 2017 Body of woman found on Glyfada pier Jun, 03 2017 Astypalaia: A butterfly amid the Aegean Sea Jun, 02 2017 Philippine leader hurls raunchy diatribe at Chelsea Clinton Jun, 02 2017 TV presenter shamed for ‘Dressing Like a Stripper’ on ‘Britain’s… Jun, 02 2017 President Erdoğan files criminal complaint against ex-Pentagon official Michael Rubin Jun, 02 2017 Mediterranean Cooking Mediterranean cooking by olivemagazine.gr Embrace the world’s healthiest diet with these delicious dishes Delicious saganaki with sausage, anthotyro and egg An all time classic Smoked salmon and fresh herbs breakfast omelette High protein breakfast Meatballs in a tomato sauce with peppers Spicy and aromatic Greek Moussaka: Tradition meets taste! All time classic Breakfast apricot & apple oatmeal Fast and healthy Whole-wheat cinnamon rolls with insanely fragrant glaze Healthy and tasty! Dreamy rabbit stew with garlic paste and Ladotyri cheese Just right for those cold nights Candied orange slices dipped in rich, dark chocolate Chocolate and orange is a divine combination Quick chocolate – banana sponge cake Your guests will clean their plates in a jiffy Man with beer in hand walks away calmly from terror… He becomes the symbol of Londoners' resilience Read more → 12 people arrested over London terrorist attacks Police raided flat owned by one of three terrorists Read more → Theresa May: Enough is enough on Islamist extremism Vows to clamp down on Islamist ideology Read more → Contact Address: 5 Agrafon St., Marousi Zip Code: 151 23 Call us: +30 210 68 80 700 Fax: +30 210 68 92 778 email: contact@protothema.gr Travel Tourism industry a massive boost to job market in Greece Trivago survey: Which nationalities will visit Greece this summer Beware! Giant fin whale approaches Syros port! (photo) TUI: Bookings for Greece on the rise for 2017 Sort Recent Posts Pharmacists close their stores next Monday and Tuesday Mar, 07 2014 Deutsche Bank: The primary surplus reduces the likelihood of a… Mar, 18 2014 Eurostat: -0.9% deflation for Greece Mar, 18 2014 Categories Blogs Civilization Culture Economy Elections 2015 Elections september 2015 Greece Health Legally speaking Lifestyle Mediterranean cooking Mundial 2014 nature Photo of the day Politics Science Sports technology Therapy Session Tourism Transportation Travel Weather World Copyright 2013 Protothemanews.com | All Rights Reserved | This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Read More Scroll
Radarscreen Events Realscreen Summit Realscreen West Realscreen London Awards Realscreen Awards Subscribe  |   Documentary Arts & Culture History Natural History Science True Crime Feature Docs Feature Stories Formats Docuformat Game/Quiz Show Lifestyle Reality Competition Talent Feature Stories Unscripted Constructed Lifestyle Docureality Docusoap Feature Stories People/Biz Business News People News Tech Feature Stories Realscreen West  Newsletter Formats Extra: Apple sets “Carpool Karaoke”; “Shark Week” hits theaters Apple Music sets air date for Carpool Karaoke Apple Music has set an Aug. 8 premiere date for its sing-a-long series Carpool Karaoke. The show will be Apple’s first original series. The CBS Television ... By Daniele Alcinii May 31, 2017 Apple Music sets air date for Carpool Karaoke Apple Music has set an Aug. 8 premiere date for its sing-a-long series Carpool Karaoke. The show will be Apple’s first original series. The CBS Television Studios- and Fulwell 73-made series (pictured), which is based on CBS’ The Late Late Show with James Corden segment by the same name, will contain 16 episodes in which a series of guest hosts – from actors to athletes – will visit locations that hold meaning to each star while singing along to popular tunes from their personal playlists. Buckle up. @CarpoolKaraoke: The Series is coming your way August 8! Exclusively on Apple Music. pic.twitter.com/6Hqrwb6zwB — Apple Music (@AppleMusic) May 30, 2017 Featured in the series will be Will Smith, James Corden, Ariana Grande, Shaquille O’Neal, John Legend, Alicia Keys, Metallica, among others. Apple Music had previously scheduled Carpool Karaoke to launch in April but the series was delayed due to undisclosed reasons. Series creators James Corden and Ben Winston serve as executive producers. Episodes of the series will exclusively become available each week to Apple Music subscribers. TNFP sends Hotel Römantiek to Spain and Germany Belgian distributor The New Flemish Primitives has secured deals with broadcasters in Germany and Spain to produce localized versions of hit format Hotel Römantiek. In Germany, the series will be produced by SEO Entertainment for Sat1 (ProSiebenSat1. Media Group), with casting set to begin immediately. Banijay-owned prodco DLO Producciones, meanwhile, will develop the format for Spanish pubcaster TVE. Both series will be line-produced in Switzerland by format owners Woestijnvis. Hotel Römantiek features a group of seniors as they set off on a trip to Switzerland in search of love. The singles participate in different activities and each night one couple is taken to a cabin in the woods for a romantic dinner. The series culminates with couples who have formed a connection spending a few more romantic days with their newfound love. The series was initially launched in Belgium on SBS’s Vier in February. A sophomore series has already been confirmed. Rights to the format have been already been granted across Europe, the U.S. and UK. Discovery’s ‘Shark Week’ moves to nationwide cinemas Discovery Channel’s long-running summer television event ‘Shark Week’ is getting the big screen treatment. Shark Week at the Movies will screen across theaters nationwide with a new episode of Return to the Isle of Jaws, in which divers and scientists risk their lives to unlock the mysteries of a great white hot spot off the coast of Western Australia (‘Shark Week’ 2017); and Return of Monster Mako, which follows a team of marine biologists as they attempt to document a live-predation of a thousand-pound Mako shark (‘Shark Week’ 2016). Shark Week at the Movies will enjoy a special one-night premiere on July 18 at 7:30 p.m. in cinemas across the U.S. Meanwhile, the television event, now in its 29th year, will launch on Discovery Channel on July 23 at 7 p.m. ET/PT. TAGS:Apple Music, Carpool Karaoke, Discovery Channel, Extra, Hotel Römantiek, Shark Week at the Movies, The New Flemish Primitives Top Stories Documentary Q&A: PBS doc explores the making of “Sgt. Pepper” By Meagan Kashty June 2, 2017 Unscripted Jay Hunt to depart Channel 4 By Meagan Kashty June 2, 2017 Documentary Ron Howard to direct Luciano Pavarotti doc By Meagan Kashty June 1, 2017 Unscripted Showtime heads to Asia in Fox Networks deal By Daniele Alcinii June 1, 2017 TAGS:Apple Music, Carpool Karaoke, Discovery Channel, Extra, Hotel Römantiek, Shark Week at the Movies, The New Flemish Primitives About The Author Meagan Kashty is an associate editor of realscreen, an international print and online magazine that covers the non-fiction film and television industries. Meagan is an award-winning business journalist. Prior to joining the realscreen team, Meagan was online editor of Canadian Grocer, named Magazine of the Year at the 2015 Canadian Business Media Awards. She can be reached at mkashty@brunico.com, and you can follow her on Twitter @MegKashty // Author Page Related Posts Discovery Channel sets record high in Q1 2017 Upfront ’17: Discovery unveils 2017/2018 programming slate Extra: CBS UK to debut “Jury Room”; deals for Keshet, Armoza Extra: “Pitch Battle” unveils judges; Discovery to learn “The Haka” Popular Posts Business News Boat Rocker unveils new factual division By Meagan Kashty May 31, 2017 Formats Channel 4 preps “The Crystal Maze” revival By Meagan Kashty May 29, 2017 Featured Jay Hunt to depart Channel 4 By Meagan Kashty June 2, 2017 Business News Exclusive: ITV America forges deal with Lost Arts By Daniele Alcinii May 31, 2017 Contributors Darah Hansen dhansen@brunico.com Meagan Kashty mkashty@brunico.com Daniele Alcinii dalcinii@brunico.com Selina Chignall schignall@brunico.com See all contributors Follow @realscreen Tweets about "from:realscreen OR @realscreen OR realscreen.com OR #RSWest13 OR #realscreen14 -RT" Screening Room Exclusive clip: High Noon’s “Xtreme Waterparks” Q&A: PBS doc explores the making of “Sgt. Pepper” Extra: Silverlining takes to the skies; Gil Formats inks deals for “Pregnant and Platonic” BBC’s factual slate delves into controversial topics Featured Popular Latest Link 1 Link 2 Link 3 Link 4 Link 5 Link 6 Link 7 Link 8 Link 9 Link 10 This is just some random content to show the different layouts possible Link 1 Link 2 Link 3 Link 4 Link 5 Link 6 Link 7 Link 8 Link 9 Link 10 Company About Realscreen Subscribe Contact Us Advertising Terms of Use About Realscreen Advertising Contact Us Contributors Events Featured Posts Frequently Asked Questions Join the Realscreen community! Magazine Issues Popular Posts Recent Posts Resources Terms of Use Upcoming Industry Events About Realscreen Advertising Contact Us Contributors Events Featured Posts Frequently Asked Questions Join the Realscreen community! Magazine Issues Popular Posts Recent Posts Resources Terms of Use Upcoming Industry Events About Realscreen Advertising Contact Us Contributors Events Featured Posts Frequently Asked Questions Join the Realscreen community! Magazine Issues Popular Posts Recent Posts Resources Terms of Use Upcoming Industry Events ™ Realscreen is a trademark of Brunico Communications Ltd. Site copyright © 1997-2017 Realscreen title, tagline and logo are trademarks of, and the events are produced by Brunico Marketing Inc. View our privacy policy ™ Realscreen is a trademark of Brunico Communications Ltd. Site copyright © 1997-2017 Realscreen title, tagline and logo are trademarks of, and the events are produced by Brunico Marketing Inc. View our privacy policy Menu Home About Realscreen About Realscreen Contributors Terms of Use Documentary Arts & Culture History Natural History Science True Crime Feature Docs Feature Stories Formats Docuformat Game/Quiz Show Lifestyle Reality Competition Talent Feature Stories Unscripted Constructed Lifestyle Docureality Docusoap Feature Stories People/Biz Business News People News Tech Feature Stories Magazine Magazine Archive Subscribe Events Realscreen Summit Realscreen West Upcoming Industry Events Realscreen Awards Advertising Contact Us Screening Room  Newsletter Global 100 Radarscreen Events Industry Events Realscreen Summit Realscreen West Realscreen London Realscreen Awards Awards Realscreen Awards My Account Our Company Search Recent Topics Channel 4 Discovery Channel TLC BBC hide Discovery Communications PBS A+E Networks HBO History ITV BBC Worldwide Investigation Discovery Hot Docs A&E Travel Channel Renewed and returning Armoza Formats Lifetime Animal Planet Top tags Latest Posts Lifestyle Exclusive clip: High Noon’s “Xtreme Waterparks” By Meagan Kashty June 2, 2017 Arts & Culture Q&A: PBS doc explores the making of “Sgt. Pepper” By Meagan Kashty June 2, 2017 Constructed Extra: Silverlining takes to the skies; Gil Formats inks deals for “Pregnant and Platonic” By Selina Chignall June 2, 2017 We understand your decision to use an ad blocker, however realscreen journalism takes time and funding... Subscriptions and advertising are both necessary to fund the journalism we bring to you. Please, whitelist realscreen.com in your ad blocker and refresh your browser.
Login All Reviews Editorials News Foxconn Source Spills Details on iPhone X, Says AR Glasses Likely to be Cancelled Another Company Wants to Heat Your Home with Server Waste Heat OneLogin Customer Data Exposed in Ridiculously Bad Security Breach Tips Get Free Bitcoins from 21 Faucets That Pay macOS: Disable Video Autoplay in Safari Podcasts iCloud Syncing is the Bane of my Existence – Mac Geek Gab 660 OneLogin Encryption Breach, WWDC 2017 Expectations - TMO Daily Observations 2017-06-02 View All Results → macOS: Speedifier Lets You Control Video Speed In Safari Sonos PLAYBASE Review: Room-Filling Sound for Music, TV, and Movies HP Caters to Creative/Tech Pros with Z2 Mini PC Can WALTR 2 Really Be Your iTunes Replacement? Belkin Car Vent Mount for Smartphones: No, This One Works! View All Reviews → America's Smartest Business Leaders Think Trump Is Wrong on Paris Accord Predictions About Apple's WWDC Announcements are Actually Valuable Monday's Apple WWDC Keynote Just Got Even More Exciting How AIs, like Siri, Could Become Our Proxy Shoppers Apple Could Own Device-Centric AI with Custom Chip View All Editorials → Apple Hosting Recording Studio for Podcasters at WWDC 2017 Jeff Gamet @jgamet · +Jeff Gamet 1 minute read May 31st, 2017 9:30 AM EDT | News Apple is showing podcasters some love at its Worldwide Developer Conference in June by offering a special studio where podcasters can record their shows. The studio will be in the McEnery Convention Center Tuesday through Friday and podcasters can reserve time slots each day. Apple hosting a podcast recording studio at WWDC Podcast Studio reservations are free and time slots are good for up to 60 minutes. Apple is opening up reservations through the WWDC app at 7AM each day, so don’t procrastinate each morning or you won’t get a slot. Apple’s Podcast Studio description in the WWDC app states, Reserve time in our fully outfitted studio to record the latest episode of your audio podcast, right here at WWDC. Each 60 minute session can accommodate up to four contributors, with Apple experts on hand to help get your session up and running. You will receive a copy of your session for post-production and distribution. The studio will be available from 10AM to 6PM pacific time on Tuesday, 9AM to 6PM Wednesday and Thursday, and 9AM to 3PM on Friday. The iPhone and iPad maker seems to be warming up to the podcasting community again. Offering a professional podcast recording studio at WWDC is a part of that—and if Apple is introducing new podcast-focused apps, this is a great way to feature them. WWDC is Apple’s annual event where macOS, iOS, watchOS, and tvOS developers gather to see what’s coming in the next major software release and to learn more about coding for the company’s platforms. The even runs from June 5th through June 9th at the McEnery Convention Center in San Jose, California. Be sure to follow along all week with our on location coverage and TMO Daily Observations and Apple Context Machine podcasts. The Mac Observer's WWDC 2017 coverage sponsored by: Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit More Print Tumblr Tags: Apple, podcast, WWDC, wwdc2017 You might also like… Get Free Bitcoins from 23 Faucets That Pay Apple’s Rumored Siri Speaker Targets Sonos, Too The 5 Best Hackintosh Graphics Cards macOS: Disable Video Autoplay in Safari Monday's Apple WWDC Keynote Just Got Even More Exciting Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials America's Smartest Business Leaders Think Trump Is Wrong on Paris Accord Bryan Chaffin | June 2, 2017 Here's What to Expect at Apple's WWDC 2017 Keynote Jeff Gamet | June 2, 2017 TMO Weekly Sponsor Have a tech question? Visit our Mac Geek Gab Facebook Group and have the tech support brilliance of the entire Mac Geek Gab community at your fingertips! Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $155.45 +2.27 (1.48%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » Foxconn Source Spills Details on iPhone X, Says AR Glasses Likely to be Cancelled Another Company Wants to Heat Your Home with Server Waste Heat OneLogin Customer Data Exposed in Ridiculously Bad Security Breach Nike VaporMax Flyknit Apple Watch Bands Already Sold Out Apple Decks Out McEnry Convention Center for WWDC 2017 Recent Tips See All » Get Free Bitcoins from 21 Faucets That Pay macOS: Disable Video Autoplay in Safari Safari: How to Check for Malicious Extensions How to Set Up iCloud Calendar for Alexa The 5 Best Hackintosh Graphics Cards Recent Editorials See All » America's Smartest Business Leaders Think Trump Is Wrong on Paris Accord Here's What to Expect at Apple's WWDC 2017 Keynote Predictions About Apple's WWDC Announcements are Actually Valuable Monday's Apple WWDC Keynote Just Got Even More Exciting Why Apple's WWDC Event is Even More Important in 2017 18028 Jeff Gamet news 0 1496223029 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Feed Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Camera and Battery Features Continue to Drive Consumer Satisfaction of Smartphones in US Apple iPhone 7 and Samsung Galaxy S7 Top US Consumer Satisfaction Among Leading Flagship Devices News provided by Strategy Analytics 31 May, 2017, 10:18 ET Share this article BOSTON, May 31, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- A new report from the Consumer Sentiment Analysis (CSA) service at Strategy Analytics "Monthly Ratings Report April 2017: US Flagship Smartphones", analyzing consumer reviews from major distribution channels in the US, has found that specific features such as battery, camera and display have become integral drivers in the satisfaction or dissatisfaction of new smartphone purchases. Click here for the report: https://www.strategyanalytics.com/access-services/ux-innovation/consumer-sentiment-analytics/reports/report-detail/monthly-ratings-report-april-2017-us-flagship-smartphones#.WS0r0esrKM8 Key report findings include: The camera was the most mentioned device feature for nearly all flagship smartphones included in this study. The camera of the Samsung Galaxy S7 was mentioned positively by 1 in 5 reviews, compared to 1 in 6 reviews of the Apple iPhone 7. Almost 1 in 5 reviews commented positively on the battery of Samsung Galaxy S7 compared to only 1 in 10 Apple iPhone 7 reviews. In comparison, while nearly 1 in 5 reviews commented positively on the battery life of the Motorola Moto Z Droid, 1 in 10 commented negatively, the most of any flagship smartphone included in this study. "High market share indicates the popularity of a brand, but it is important to note that it does not directly equate to consumer sentiment for that brand. This is especially true when investigating the correlation between sentiment and market share at the model level. The ranking of top smartphones based on consumer sentiment analysis and market share of flagship devices is quite different," commented Adam Thorwart, Lead Analyst and report author. Kevin Nolan, VP, UXIP added "This is particularly interesting when comparing the success of Samsung's Galaxy S7 to Apple's iPhone 7. Samsung Galaxy S7 consumers were more critical of battery performance than any other feature reviewed which could feed into Samsung's on-going battery challenges, not least because of the additional features which come with a S8 without incremental battery power increases. It will be very interesting to see how this is viewed because battery performance is always a critical topic." About Strategy Analytics Strategy Analytics, Inc. provides the competitive edge with advisory services, consulting and actionable market intelligence for emerging technology, mobile and wireless, digital consumer and automotive electronics companies. With offices in North America, Europe and Asia, Strategy Analytics delivers insights for enterprise success. www.StrategyAnalytics.com. About Consumer Sentiment Analysis (CSA) Strategy Analytics' Consumer Sentiment Analytics service tracks and analyzes customer ratings and feedback on the top selling smartphones. Monthly reports track buyer sentiment for currently active leading devices, while regular strategic analysis reports highlight trends and offer insight on issues such as improving customer satisfaction, NPS etc. For current active top selling smartphones, Consumer Sentiment Analytics reports on a monthly basis: Customer Feedback Ratings (current, evolution since product launch) Ratings by channel/carrier Sentiment rating from feedback posted in past 30 days vs. previous Comparison against leading competitors currently active in market Comparison against previous generation of product over lifecycle Analysis of sources of (dis)satisfaction (battery, price, etc.) Consumer Sentiment Analytics delivers strategic analysis reports highlighting key insights and trends. Topics are driven by client input and requests. Click here for more information. Press Contacts US Contact: Adam Thorwart, +1 617 614 0748, athorwart@strategyanalytics.com European Contact: Diane O'Neill, +44(0) 1908 423 669, doneill@strategyanalytics.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/camera-and-battery-features-continue-to-drive-consumer-satisfaction-of-smartphones-in-us-300466220.html SOURCE Strategy Analytics Related Links http://www.StrategyAnalytics.com 01 Jun, 2017, 08:42 ET Preview: Centre Console Touchscreens Crucial for Holistic Integration of Connected Services into Driving Ecosystem 24 May, 2017, 09:20 ET Preview: Effective Learning Critical to Compelling Experience of Artificial Intelligence, Says Strategy Analytics My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 01 Jun, 2017, 08:42 ET Cybersecurity threats and GDPR will boost IT Mobility Budgets... 01 Jun, 2017, 08:42 ET Centre Console Touchscreens Crucial for Holistic Integration of... Explore More news releases in similar topics Computer Electronics Consumer Electronics Wireless Communications Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Camera and Battery Features Continue to Drive Consumer Satisfaction of Smartphones in US News provided by Strategy Analytics 31 May, 2017, 10:18 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
Tech Search Search aerospace and defenseOculus Founder Palmer Luckey Is Working on a Defense Startup Entrepreneur3 Questions You Should Ask Yourself Before Quitting Your Job trump budgetWhat the U.S. Loses If Trump Eliminates AmeriCorps CybersecurityBritain PM Theresa May Calls to ‘Regulate Cyberspace’ And Critics Are Going Ballistic Best Companies Why Apple Could Be to Blame for Nintendo Switch Shortage Don Reisinger May 31, 2017 Apple is proving to be a problem for Nintendo and its wildly popular Switch console, according to a new report. Nintendo is experiencing Switch shortages due to low supply of critical components, like memory chips that store data and liquid-crystal displays, which Apple is gobbling up for its own products, The Wall Street Journal is reporting, citing sources who claim to have knowledge of the problem. Those sources told the Journal that strong consumer demand for Apple's existing iPhone 7 line of devices, as well as work on upcoming handsets from the technology giant, leave little supply for other companies, like Nintendo. The Nintendo Switch has proven to be one of the year's biggest hits. The console allows users to play games on their televisions, but can also be detached from a dock for mobile play. The device is currently unavailable at major retailers, and whenever new stock is made available, it quickly sells out. Nintendo has said that it's working as hard as it can to get new supply to customers, but it's been slow going. Get Data Sheet, Fortune’s technology newsletter Nintendo (ntdoy) hasn't commented on why supply isn't ramping up to the degree some might like, and has instead touted the strong demand for its hardware. However, the Journal's sources suggest that Apple, which makes some of the world's most popular products, has far more power in the supply chain, thanks to the massive number of units it orders from suppliers. Apple's (aapl) orders, therefore, are being fulfilled before others, leaving Nintendo to wait in line. The Journal's sources said that Nintendo could respond by spending more on parts, but the move could push its console pricing to more than its current $299 price—something the company is apparently unwilling to do. Still, there are no signs of when Nintendo might overcome its Switch's supply troubles. The company has said that demand will likely will remain strong through the end of the year. Meanwhile, Apple might not present many opportunities for Nintendo to jump the line. The iPhone maker is rumored to be planning three new handsets this year, and many analysts have said that 2017 could represent a "super-cycle" for Apple due to exceedingly high demand for its next handsets. Customer ServiceSite MapPrivacy PolicyAdvertisingAd ChoicesTerms of UseYour California Privacy RightsCareers © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. FORTUNE may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. ETF and Mutual Fund data provided by Morningstar, Inc. Dow Jones Terms & Conditions: http://www.djindexes.com/mdsidx/html/tandc/indexestandcs.html. S&P Index data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions Subscribe Search Home Fortune 500 All Rankings Tech Leadership Venture Fortune Insiders Most Powerful Women Automotive Careers Energy & Environment Executive Travel Finance Health TIME Health International Looking Forward Retail Markets Magazine Newsletters Videos Fortune Conferences Follow FORTUNE Share Share on Facebook Post on Twitter Email this story Share on Reddit Share on Pinterest Share on LinkedIn
null
null
Latest News Dow 21,206 +62.11 +0.29% Nasdaq 6,306 +58.97 +0.94% S&P 500 2,439 +9.01 +0.37% 6/04 Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, UAE sever diplomatic relations with Qatar 6/04 Updated Asian markets hold steady, shaking off U.K. tensions 6/04 Updated Herbalife to lower its quarterly sales outlook: report 6/04 Vladimir Putin was being a troll and Megyn Kelly wasn’t having it 6/04 Top Democrat says there’s smoke, but ‘no smoking gun’ yet in Russia probe 6/04 Updated This is why baby boomers are divorcing at a stunning rate 6/04 Putin denies U.S. election meddling, says he barely met Mike Flynn 6/04 Updated 4 lifestyle changes to reduce your cancer risk 6/04 Updated 9 secrets to staying young 6/04 Updated How to get all Americans to save for retirement 6/04 Updated When does the five-year rule apply to Roth IRAs? 6/04 Updated Facebook aims to be ‘hostile environment for terrorists’ 6/04 Updated You’ve probably never heard of the fastest-growing job in America (clue: it helps the environment) 6/04 Updated U.S. households now have as much debt as they had in 2008 6/04 Updated Baby boomers ruined America, according to this Generation X author 6/04 Updated Teenage boys and girls are choosing very different careers 6/04 Updated More evidence student debt is making young people think twice about marriage 6/04 Updated 11 ways to build a Paris climate change accord — in your own community 6/04 Updated Is my golfing buddy the cheapest guy in America? He asked me to Venmo him $1.50 6/04 Updated Want to help the environment? Use solar power — without putting panels on your roof Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Camera and Battery Features Continue to Drive Consumer Satisfaction of Smartphones in US By Published: May 31, 2017 10:18 a.m. ET Share Apple iPhone 7 and Samsung Galaxy S7 Top US Consumer Satisfaction Among Leading Flagship Devices BOSTON, May 31, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- A new report from the Consumer Sentiment Analysis (CSA) service at Strategy Analytics "Monthly Ratings Report April 2017: US Flagship Smartphones", analyzing consumer reviews from major distribution channels in the US, has found that specific features such as battery, camera and display have become integral drivers in the satisfaction or dissatisfaction of new smartphone purchases. Click here for the report: https://www.strategyanalytics.com/access-services/ux-innovation/consumer-sentiment-analytics/reports/report-detail/monthly-ratings-report-april-2017-us-flagship-smartphones#.WS0r0esrKM8 Key report findings include: The camera was the most mentioned device feature for nearly all flagship smartphones included in this study. The camera of the Samsung Galaxy S7 was mentioned positively by 1 in 5 reviews, compared to 1 in 6 reviews of the Apple iPhone 7. Almost 1 in 5 reviews commented positively on the battery of Samsung Galaxy S7 compared to only 1 in 10 Apple iPhone 7 reviews. In comparison, while nearly 1 in 5 reviews commented positively on the battery life of the Motorola Moto Z Droid, 1 in 10 commented negatively, the most of any flagship smartphone included in this study. "High market share indicates the popularity of a brand, but it is important to note that it does not directly equate to consumer sentiment for that brand. This is especially true when investigating the correlation between sentiment and market share at the model level. The ranking of top smartphones based on consumer sentiment analysis and market share of flagship devices is quite different," commented Adam Thorwart, Lead Analyst and report author. Kevin Nolan, VP, UXIP added "This is particularly interesting when comparing the success of Samsung's Galaxy S7 to Apple's iPhone 7. Samsung Galaxy S7 consumers were more critical of battery performance than any other feature reviewed which could feed into Samsung's on-going battery challenges, not least because of the additional features which come with a S8 without incremental battery power increases. It will be very interesting to see how this is viewed because battery performance is always a critical topic." About Strategy Analytics Strategy Analytics, Inc. provides the competitive edge with advisory services, consulting and actionable market intelligence for emerging technology, mobile and wireless, digital consumer and automotive electronics companies. With offices in North America, Europe and Asia, Strategy Analytics delivers insights for enterprise success. www.StrategyAnalytics.com. About Consumer Sentiment Analysis (CSA) Strategy Analytics' Consumer Sentiment Analytics service tracks and analyzes customer ratings and feedback on the top selling smartphones. Monthly reports track buyer sentiment for currently active leading devices, while regular strategic analysis reports highlight trends and offer insight on issues such as improving customer satisfaction, NPS etc. For current active top selling smartphones, Consumer Sentiment Analytics reports on a monthly basis: Customer Feedback Ratings (current, evolution since product launch) Ratings by channel/carrier Sentiment rating from feedback posted in past 30 days vs. previous Comparison against leading competitors currently active in market Comparison against previous generation of product over lifecycle Analysis of sources of (dis)satisfaction (battery, price, etc.) Consumer Sentiment Analytics delivers strategic analysis reports highlighting key insights and trends. Topics are driven by client input and requests. Click here for more information. Press Contacts US Contact: Adam Thorwart, +1 617 614 0748, athorwart@strategyanalytics.com European Contact: Diane O'Neill, +44(0) 1908 423 669, doneill@strategyanalytics.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/camera-and-battery-features-continue-to-drive-consumer-satisfaction-of-smartphones-in-us-300466220.html SOURCE Strategy Analytics Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved From MarketWatch More Coverage Trump Announcement on Paris Climate Accord Most Popular Stock market bracing for potentially the most explosive stretch of trading this year Harley-Davidson is recalling 57,000 motorcycles Paint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400 Costco versus Amazon Prime — which membership offers more value? Trump Quits Climate Deal — Citing ‘America First’ MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
Show Updates   People News   TV Ratings News   Entertainment News   RealityTVDB   POP Hollywood   Spoiler News Features & Interviews   Sexy Social Pics of the Day   Things to Know Profiles   Message Boards   Shows Listing The Amazing Race American Grit American Idol America's Got Talent America's Next Top Model The Apprentice Bachelor in Paradise The Bachelor The Bachelorette Big Brother The Biggest Loser Counting On Dance Moms Dancing with the Stars First Dates Flip or Flop Hell's Kitchen Hunted Keeping Up with the Kardashians Kicking & Screaming Married at First Sight MasterChef MasterChef Junior Pawn Stars Project Runway The Real Housewives Shark Tank So You Think You Can Dance Survivor Teen Mom Top Chef The Voice World of Dance More Shows HOME > OTHER ENTERTAINMENT NEWS > NEWS 'Carpool Karaoke: The Series' to debut on Apple Music on August 8 UPI News Service, 05/31/2017  Apple has announced that their upcoming "The Late Late Show" spinoff from James Corden, "Carpool: Karaoke: The Series," is set to premiere on Apple Music on Aug. 8. ADVERTISEMENT From creator and executive producer James Corden and Ben Winston, "Carpool Karaoke: The Series" based on the popular "Late Late Show" segment of the same name, will consist of 16 half-hour episodes that bring together a celebrity and a musician to sing songs while driving in a car. A different group of pairings will appear each week on Tuesday including Will Smith and Corden, Miley Cyrus and her family, Shakira and Trevor Noah, "Game of Thrones" stars Sophie Turner and Maisie Williams, Queen Latifah and Jada Pinkett Smith, John Legend, Alicia Keys and Taraji P. Henson and LeBron James and Corden, just to name a few. Blake Shelton, John Cena, Chelsea Handler, Metallica, Shaquille O' Neal, Michael Strahan, Jeff Gordon, Billy Eichner and Seth MacFarlane are also set to star on the show. "The new Carpool Karaoke series features 16 celebrity pairings riding along in a car together as they sing tunes from their personal playlists and surprise fans who don't expect to see big stars belting out tunes one lane over," reads the synopsis. "I'm still going to see my kid on the weekends," Corden said previously of not having to host the series for every episode as he does on his late night show. "This just became a wonderful platform to see these people in such an intimate environment. I don't feel it's mine." Corden will still continue to produce Carpool Karaoke segments as part of "The Late Late Show." << PRIOR STORY Jennifer Lopez, Alex Rodriguez celebrate 'World of Dance' premiere NEXT STORY >> Vanessa Hudgens joins 'So You Think You Can Dance' as judge Get more Reality TV World! Follow us on Twitter, like us on Facebook or add our RSS feed. Copyright 2017 United Press International, Inc. (UPI). Any reproduction, republication, redistribution and/or modification of any UPI content is expressly prohibited without UPI's prior written consent. Josh Murray: I'm definitely not trying to get back with Amanda Stanton, I wish her the best on 'Bachelor in Paradise' DeMario Jackson -- 6 things to know about 'The Bachelorette' bachelor with the alleged girlfirend back home 'Flip or Flop' star Tarek El Moussa: I'd be open to being next 'The Bachelor' star, I love dating Blake Elarbee -- 6 things to know about the Rachel Lindsay 'The Bachelorette' bachelor 'The Bachelorette' star Rachel Lindsay reportedly dated NBA superstar Kevin Durant 'The Bachelor' couples now: Whom did 'The Bachelor' stars and their final picks ultimately end up with?! (PHOTOS) 'Survivor: Heroes vs. Healers vs. Hustlers' premiere date announced by CBS Rob Kardashian denies he's dating Mehgan James from 'Bad Girl's Club' 'The Amazing Race' finale: Brooke Camhi and Scott Flanary crowned Season 29 champions Corinne Olympios and Robby Hayes reportedly part of 'Bachelor in Paradise' cast PAID CONTENT 'Wonder Woman' tops weekend movie box office with $100.5 million Terry Gilliam finally finishes 'The Man Who Killed Don Quixote' movie Erinn Hayes confirms she's been "let go" from 'Kevin Can Wait' following Leah Remini's addition Bill Maher apologizes for using racial slur in 'Real Time' joke Lake Bell gives birth to her second child, a son 'Baby Driver' movie highlights soundtrack in new 'TeKillYah' trailer 'The Last Tycoon' starring Matt Bomer to debut on Amazon July 28 Cher and Jimmy Carter attend Gregg Allman's funeral in Georgia Raven-Symone and Anneliese Louise van der Pol still besties in 'Raven's Home' trailer Tom Cruise says 'Top Gun: Maverick' movie sequel tone will be the same as original Leah Remini joining 'Kevin Can Wait' cast for Season 2 Drugs not a factor in Chris Cornell's death, toxicology says Take Our User Survey Page generated Mon Jun 05, 2017 0:09 am in 1.3587009906769 seconds About Reality TV World   •   Advertise on Reality TV World  •   Contact Reality TV World  •   Privacy Policy   •   RSS Feed Top Shows:  The Amazing Race · American Idol · America's Got Talent · America's Next Top Model · The Apprentice · Bachelor Pad · The Bachelor · The Bachelorette · Big Brother · The Biggest Loser · Breaking Amish · Dance Moms · Dancing with the Stars · Duck Dynasty · Extreme Makeover · Fashion Star · Hell's Kitchen · Here Comes Honey Boo Boo · Jersey Shore · Jon & Kate Plus 8 · Keeping Up with the Kardashians · MasterChef · Pawn Stars · Project Runway · The Real Housewives · The Real World · Shark Tank · So You Think You Can Dance · Survivor · Swamp People · Teen Mom · Top Chef · The Voice · The X Factor The Bachelor:  Bachelor 17 · Bachelor 16 · Bachelor 15 · Bachelor 14 · Bachelor 13 · Bachelor 12 · Bachelor 11 · Bachelor 10 · Bachelor 9 · Bachelor 8 · Bachelor 7 · Bachelor 6 · Top Model:  Top Model 20 · Top Model 19 · Top Model 18 · Top Model 17 · Top Model 16 · Top Model 15 · Top Model 14 · Top Model 13 · Top Model 12 · Top Model 11 · Top Model 10 · Top Model 9 · All logos and trademarks presented are property of their respective owner. All site content is © 2000-2016 Reality TV World and may not be republished or reproduced without Reality TV World's expressed written permission. This website has been solely developed and presented by Reality TV World, and is in no way authorized or connected with any network, station affiliate, or broadcasting sponsor. Page fetched in 1.3762080669403 seconds
Gigjets Technology Gaming Computers Phones Software and Apps Tablets Connect With Us: X Search this site: Search for: X Navigate Here: Sitemap X Home » Technology » Apple » Meet The Apple’s Mac Pro From The Future Meet The Apple’s Mac Pro From The Future By Christopher McCandles / May 30, 2017 / Apple, Technology No Comments on Meet The Apple’s Mac Pro From The Future 111 For various PC problems, we recommend to use this tool. This tool will repair most computer errors, protect you from file loss, malware, hardware failure and optimize your PC for maximum performance. Quickly fix PC issues and prevent others from happening with this software: Download ReimagePlus (100% safe download and endorsed by us). Click “Start Scan” to find Windows issues that could be causing PC problems. Click “Repair All” to fix all issues. Apple announced the release of the new 2018 Mac Pro with high processing performance, easier ways to upgrade and more changes to the construction of the system. Phil Schiller, marketing chief at Apple said in an interview that the company is rethinking the Mac Pro, which means it will be a lot different than the 2013 version. Apple doesn’t want people to get annoyed by the fact that 2018 isn’t exactly on the corner. So to prevent people from getting inpatient, they upgraded the 2013 model. Specifications will be announced later in 2017, providing a lot more processing power than ever, while keeping the already known slim design. Looks As the interview claimed, this device will have a modular design, meaning the users can change components whenever they please. The reason for the design changes is the thermal issue that appeared on the 2013 Mac Pro. Display Along with other new features, the Apple company revealed that they are working on a new Pro Display special for the computer including high resolution and USB C port. Hardware It said that the new 2018 Mac Pro will have strong internal components just like its rumors. It’s possible that Apple will continue using an Intel processor, but not the Xeon CPus present in current models. Considering the presence of the Xeon E3-1285 processor in the Pro iMac that will be launched in the second half of 2017, the 2018 Mac Pro is likely to have more power. When will it be coming out? Apple has confirmed that the new Mac Pro will be released in 2018. Phil Schiller stated that the whole internal development team is doing their best to create a better Mac Pro and that the good thing is even if it’s not what they expected, they learned not to be afraid to admit it and to always search for better solutions. Related Tagged as: Apple Mac Pro Recommended stories you may like: The Disappointing Release Of MacBook Pro 15inch MacBook Pro Shipping Date Discovered Bug Damaging Google Chrome Without Your Acknowledgement iPad Pro vs. iPad Air 2 – Storage Capacity and Improvements Battle Choosing Between MacBook Pro and Surface Pro 5 Microsoft Surface Pro 2017 Comes With An Incredible Keyboard Google’s Nexus 6 Review And Update Release Software update for the Samsung Gear S3 released in the United States Is Microsoft’s new Surface Pro faster than the iPad Pro? Microsoft’s new Surface Pro: Enemy of Apple’s iPad Pro iPad 9.7-inch Comes with Impressive Specifications at a Decent Price The war between Google’s Pixel phones, Apple’s iPhone 7 and iPhone plus Comparisons between iPad Pro and Macbook iPad (2017) vs iPad mini 4 (2017) – A quick view over the Apple’s latest tablets Android O Beta – The Best Features Available so Far Major software update on Google Daydream Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. The Disappointing Release Of MacBook ProMay 31, 2017 PlayStation 4 4.70 Software Update Available with New ChangesMay 31, 2017 15inch MacBook Pro Shipping DateMay 30, 2017 Discovered Bug Damaging Google Chrome Without Your AcknowledgementMay 30, 2017 Android O and What is it Going to FeatureMay 30, 2017 iPad Pro vs. iPad Air 2 – Storage Capacity and Improvements BattleMay 30, 2017 New Nokia 9 with QWERTY KeypadMay 29, 2017 Choosing Between MacBook Pro and Surface Pro 5May 29, 2017 Microsoft Surface Pro 2017 Comes With An Incredible KeyboardMay 28, 2017 Google says Nexus 6 and Nexus 9 are not available for Android 7.1.2 Nougat updateMay 28, 2017 Differences between the OnePlus5 and Samsung Galaxy S8May 27, 2017 Samsung Galaxy S8 software update fixes Bluetooth complicationsMay 27, 2017 Google Nexus 6P: Amazing phone but difficult to findMay 26, 2017 Software update for Google Nexus 6PMay 26, 2017 Google’s Nexus 6 Review And Update ReleaseMay 25, 2017 © GigJets 2016
Gigjets Technology Gaming Computers Phones Software and Apps Tablets Connect With Us: X Search this site: Search for: X Navigate Here: Sitemap X Home » Technology » Apple » 15inch MacBook Pro Shipping Date 15inch MacBook Pro Shipping Date By Christopher McCandles / May 30, 2017 / Apple, Tablets, Technology No Comments on 15inch MacBook Pro Shipping Date 77 For various PC problems, we recommend to use this tool. This tool will repair most computer errors, protect you from file loss, malware, hardware failure and optimize your PC for maximum performance. Quickly fix PC issues and prevent others from happening with this software: Download ReimagePlus (100% safe download and endorsed by us). Click “Start Scan” to find Windows issues that could be causing PC problems. Click “Repair All” to fix all issues. Apple has allowed the 15 inch MacBook Pro to be ordered on its online store for free delivery between June 6 and June 8 only in the United States. Apple claims that the new MacBook Pro and 12 inch MacBook models will be also released soon enough, on the 5th day of June. The notebooks are only getting internal improvements, along with an update to a faster Intel processor under the name of Kaby Lake. The 13 inch MacBook Pro versions are still in the stock market and available for a fast delivery in the United States and other countries as well. The confusing part is the Apple’s plans that includes the release of the 15 inch MacBook Pro next week. We don’t know for sure if only this new device will be available for purchase from the store or if the 13 inch MacBook Pro models are just being generous. The Kaby Lake processor is quickly available for the 13 inch MacBook Pro. In the past, Apple has spread out the release of the MacBook Pro, launching a 13 inch model in March 2015, while in the following year the 15 inch model has came out in May. In 2012, however, the Apple company claimed at WWDC that they decided to launch the 15 inch MacBook Pro device including Retina display in June and the 13 inch model in October within the same year. Delivery information The estimated delivery for the 15 inch MacBook Pro will take as long as it would take in the United Kingdom, Netherlands, Australia, Germany, Italy, Canada, France, Spain, Singapore, Hong Kong and more other countries eligible for the delivery. In October 2016, Apple refreshed the MacBook Pro and before that, the notebook went almost 2 years without receiving updates. There’s only a 220 days difference between the old and the new MacBook Pro model. Related Tagged as: 12-inch MacBook Pro, 13-inch MacBook Pro with Retina Display, MacBook Pro 15 Recommended stories you may like: The Disappointing Release Of MacBook Pro Discovered Bug Damaging Google Chrome Without Your Acknowledgement Meet The Apple’s Mac Pro From The Future iPad Pro vs. iPad Air 2 – Storage Capacity and Improvements Battle Choosing Between MacBook Pro and Surface Pro 5 Microsoft Surface Pro 2017 Comes With An Incredible Keyboard Google’s Nexus 6 Review And Update Release Software update for the Samsung Gear S3 released in the United States Is Microsoft’s new Surface Pro faster than the iPad Pro? Microsoft’s new Surface Pro: Enemy of Apple’s iPad Pro iPad 9.7-inch Comes with Impressive Specifications at a Decent Price The war between Google’s Pixel phones, Apple’s iPhone 7 and iPhone plus Comparisons between iPad Pro and Macbook iPad (2017) vs iPad mini 4 (2017) – A quick view over the Apple’s latest tablets Android O Beta – The Best Features Available so Far Major software update on Google Daydream Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. The Disappointing Release Of MacBook ProMay 31, 2017 PlayStation 4 4.70 Software Update Available with New ChangesMay 31, 2017 Discovered Bug Damaging Google Chrome Without Your AcknowledgementMay 30, 2017 Meet The Apple’s Mac Pro From The FutureMay 30, 2017 Android O and What is it Going to FeatureMay 30, 2017 iPad Pro vs. iPad Air 2 – Storage Capacity and Improvements BattleMay 30, 2017 New Nokia 9 with QWERTY KeypadMay 29, 2017 Choosing Between MacBook Pro and Surface Pro 5May 29, 2017 Microsoft Surface Pro 2017 Comes With An Incredible KeyboardMay 28, 2017 Google says Nexus 6 and Nexus 9 are not available for Android 7.1.2 Nougat updateMay 28, 2017 Differences between the OnePlus5 and Samsung Galaxy S8May 27, 2017 Samsung Galaxy S8 software update fixes Bluetooth complicationsMay 27, 2017 Google Nexus 6P: Amazing phone but difficult to findMay 26, 2017 Software update for Google Nexus 6PMay 26, 2017 Google’s Nexus 6 Review And Update ReleaseMay 25, 2017 © GigJets 2016
Skip to main content Menu Order MacBook Pro | iPhone 7 | Mac Pro | Shop: Cheap Wireless Plans Forums Skip to navigation Skip to content iMore Rumors Analysis How To The Best Reviews Deals Newsletter Forums Ask a Question New Posts Trending Discussions iPhone 7 iPhone 7 Plus iPhone 6s iPhone 6s Plus MacBook Pro Apple Watch Series 2 iOS 10 macOS Sierra iPad Pro (12.9-inch) iPad Pro (9.7-inch) Apps & Games Shop HOT ACCESSORY DEAL$ Digital Offers Best sellers New releases Cases and covers Chargers and cables Battery packs Screen Protectors Toggle Search WWDC 2017 Apple offering 60-minute studio reservations for podcasters at WWDC 2017 By Mikah Sargent Tuesday, May 30, 2017 at 3:33 pm EDT 0 Comments Record your podcast at WWDC 2017 in Apple's studio! The WWDC 2017 schedule is here and it features an interesting new addition this year: Apple is offering up the Apple Podcasts Studio for podcasters to record their shows on site! The event is listed as a Lab in the WWDC app and includes a link to a page where podcasters can request a reservation for a 60-minute session. Reserve time in our fully outfitted studio to record the latest episode of your audio podcast, right here at WWDC. Each 60 minute session can accommodate up to four contributors, with Apple experts on hand to help get your session up and running. You will receive a copy of your session for post-production and distribution. If you'd resolved to recording your show in less-than-ideal conditions (hotel rooms, noisy hallways, or, God forbid, outdoors), you might try to get a reservation for Apple's "fully outfitted" studio instead! You'll have to have quick fingers if you want to secure your spot, though. Apple won't let you request a reservation until the day of the Lab, beginning at 7 a.m. on that day. It's nice to see Apple give a nod — if slight — to the podcasting community. Much of the discussion surrounding Apple and its products takes place on tech podcasts and many people look to podcasts for not only commentary, but information about Apple. Here's to hoping this is only the beginning of Apple's appreciation for the podcasting community. Reader comments Apple offering 60-minute studio reservations for podcasters at WWDC 2017 0 Comments View All Comments Log In to Comment Register Menu Log in or Sign up Search Apple Apps & Games Accessories & Toys Photo & Video Health & Fitness Movies & Music Transport Security Rumors Analysis How To The Best Reviews Deals Newsletter Forums Podcasts Android Central WindowsCentral iMore CrackBerry Connectedly TeslaCentral VRHeads MrMobile Modern Dad About Contact Us Jobs Privacy & Terms Mobile Nations 500M Consumers Reached Yearly Copyright 2017 Mobile Nations Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Careers: Writer | Dev Licensing External Links Disclosure Advertising Partner
Skip to main content Menu Order MacBook Pro | iPhone 7 | Mac Pro | Shop: Cheap Wireless Plans Forums Skip to navigation Skip to content iMore Rumors Analysis How To The Best Reviews Deals Newsletter Forums Ask a Question New Posts Trending Discussions iPhone 7 iPhone 7 Plus iPhone 6s iPhone 6s Plus MacBook Pro Apple Watch Series 2 iOS 10 macOS Sierra iPad Pro (12.9-inch) iPad Pro (9.7-inch) Apps & Games Shop HOT ACCESSORY DEAL$ Digital Offers Best sellers New releases Cases and covers Chargers and cables Battery packs Screen Protectors Toggle Search On its way Carpool Karaoke: The Series hits Apple Music on August 8 By Joseph Keller Tuesday, May 30, 2017 at 4:34 pm EDT 3 Comments If you've been eagerly anticipating the launch of Carpool Karaoke: The Series, you don't have that much longer to wait. Apple has announced that the show will debut on Apple Music on August 8. From Apple: Apple today announced Carpool Karaoke: The Series will be available to Apple Music subscribers starting Tuesday, August 8. The show will feature many of today's biggest names in music, television, film, sports and pop culture buckling up and belting out their favorite songs for a road trip filled with comedy, conversation, nd music. Based on the Late Late Show with James Corden segment of the same name, Carpool Karaoke will feature different groups of celebrities going on car rides in the format of the original segment, while also expanding on that formula with new aspects of its own. Apple has announced the following celebrity groupings for the show, though this list is not exhaustive: Will Smith and James Corden The Cyrus family Shakira and Trevor Noah Sophie Turner and Maisie Williams Queen Latifah and Jada Pickett Smith John Legend, Alicia Keys, and Taraji P. Henson LeBron James and James Corden The first season of the show will feature 16 30-minute episodes. Apple Music Apple Music Review Apple Music FAQ iCloud Music Library Ultimate Guide Apple Music help Apple Music discussion Reader comments Carpool Karaoke: The Series hits Apple Music on August 8 3 Comments View All Comments Log In to Comment Register Sort by Date Sort by Rating jexner325 Yawn 0 5 days ago Reply JBaby_9783 I like Carpool Karaoke, but I just can't see how this is gonna be a good show. 0 4 days ago Reply rjholmes123 Who cares. 0 4 days ago Reply Menu Log in or Sign up Search Apple Apps & Games Accessories & Toys Photo & Video Health & Fitness Movies & Music Transport Security Rumors Analysis How To The Best Reviews Deals Newsletter Forums Podcasts Android Central WindowsCentral iMore CrackBerry Connectedly TeslaCentral VRHeads MrMobile Modern Dad About Contact Us Jobs Privacy & Terms Mobile Nations 500M Consumers Reached Yearly Copyright 2017 Mobile Nations Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Careers: Writer | Dev Licensing External Links Disclosure Advertising Partner
Skip to main content Menu Order MacBook Pro | iPhone 7 | Mac Pro | Shop: Cheap Wireless Plans Forums Skip to navigation Skip to content iMore Rumors Analysis How To The Best Reviews Deals Newsletter Forums Ask a Question New Posts Trending Discussions iPhone 7 iPhone 7 Plus iPhone 6s iPhone 6s Plus MacBook Pro Apple Watch Series 2 iOS 10 macOS Sierra iPad Pro (12.9-inch) iPad Pro (9.7-inch) Apps & Games Shop HOT ACCESSORY DEAL$ Digital Offers Best sellers New releases Cases and covers Chargers and cables Battery packs Screen Protectors Toggle Search 📱 🤔 💬 Join the discussion: What are the best third party bands for Apple Watch? By Cella Lao Rousseau Wednesday, May 31, 2017 at 7:01 am EDT 1 Comment If you had to pick, what are the best third-party bands available for the Apple Watch? Join the discussion in our forums to let us know your opinion! Are you someone who prefers the classic look of the milanese loop? Love the style of the Hermes bands but don't want to break the bank? Obsessed with the comfort and flexibility of the sport band while you're chugging along on your daily jog? If you're someone who's totally obsessed with their Apple Watch, you might think that buying a variety of bands to customize your wrist's BFF is one of the funnest parts of actually owning it. With the internet at your fingertips, it's super easy to dig in and find official watch bands from Apple as well as fantastic third-party ones from other companies, independent artists, and more! But with so many options out there, which third-party Apple Watch bands reign supreme? James Falconer 09-23-2016 07:36 PM “ Now that I have an Apple Watch on order, time to think about bands. Since we're all probably well versed in the bands available from Apple (and Hermes), thought it'd be fun to put together a running list of some of the BEST third party Apple Watch bands. I'll get this party started. Below are a few I've had my eye on: Kartice leather band Top4cus milanese loop eoso link bracelet Add... Reply Some people are big fans of Pad & Quill bands because of their quality and style… Rob Phillips 09-23-2016 07:45 PM “ I'm wearing Pad & Quill's Lowry Cuff and it's a really nice, high quality leather band from a very well known leather accessory maker. Check it out here. Reply … While others say that they prefer using Apple-made watch bands. Now what about you? Hop on into the iMore forums and tell us what your favorite third-party watch bands are, chat about which bands are better and why, and get some ideas for your next Apple Watch band purchase! Join the discussion on the iMore forum! Reader comments Join the discussion: What are the best third party bands for Apple Watch? 1 Comment View All Comments Log In to Comment Register Sort by Date Sort by Rating MemBirdman My preference is a set of new bands that I found at Indiegogo: https://www.indiegogo.com/projects/add-the-swiss-touch-to-your-apple-wat... I have an issue with irritation from most athletic bands, but this one is lighter and more breathable because of the holes in the band. Plus, mixing and matching gives me a little more creativity. 0 4 days ago Reply Menu Log in or Sign up Search Apple Apps & Games Accessories & Toys Photo & Video Health & Fitness Movies & Music Transport Security Rumors Analysis How To The Best Reviews Deals Newsletter Forums Podcasts Android Central WindowsCentral iMore CrackBerry Connectedly TeslaCentral VRHeads MrMobile Modern Dad About Contact Us Jobs Privacy & Terms Mobile Nations 500M Consumers Reached Yearly Copyright 2017 Mobile Nations Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Careers: Writer | Dev Licensing External Links Disclosure Advertising Partner
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Hello Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 251% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 117% 59% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 65% 56% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 50% 32% Returns as of 6/4/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 251% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 117% 59% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 65% 56% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 50% 32% Returns as of 6/4/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: The Latest Sign That Apple, Inc. Wants to Make Its Own Baseband Modems The Mac maker makes a big hire, underscoring its cellular ambitions. Evan Niu, CFA (TMFNewCow) May 31, 2017 at 9:00AM For those paying attention, the evidence that Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) intends on developing its own baseband modems has been mounting for years. As far as Apple has come over the years with its semiconductor design capabilities, the most prominent missing feature has been integrated cellular connectivity. It appears the tech titan has made another move toward achieving that goal. Image source: Apple. Switching teams Fortune reports that Apple has now hired Esin Terzioglu away from Qualcomm (NASDAQ:QCOM), where he was a vice president of engineering for Qualcomm's chip segment for nearly eight years. Terzioglu's specialties include wireless connectivity and low-power designs, among others. Poaching Terzioglu from Qualcomm appears to be a solid win for Apple, and hints that the Mac maker is indeed looking to bring modem development in house -- all at a time when the two companies are embroiled in an epic legal battle that continues to escalate. Most recently, Qualcomm sued Apple's suppliers and is seeking an import injunction because they have breached their licensing agreements, as Apple is withholding royalty payments via these suppliers. Raymond James analyst Tavis McCourt has issued a research note (via Tech Trader Daily) on the development, believing that the news is the "latest in a list of instances suggesting that Apple has plans to develop full SoCs [system-on-chip] in house for future mobile devices" and that the hire "seems to suggest that Apple is acquiring the necessary expertise to develop such technology." A cellular-capable A-series chip seems inevitable Apple's chip ambitions appear to have no bounds. Not only are there now four distinct chips that Apple designs for different purposes, it recently notified graphics architecture supplier Imagination Technologies that it would be ditching it in favor of its own in-house architecture. That move is potentially fatal for Imagination, as Apple comprises fully half of its revenue. More recently, Bloomberg reported last week that Apple is even developing a new chip dedicated to artificial intelligence applications.  Qualcomm still counts Apple as one of its largest customers, but that business is under siege on all fronts. Apple's lawsuit represents an existential threat to Qualcomm's licensing business, since Apple argues that the very structure of its royalty agreements is wholly inappropriate (despite Qualcomm having hundreds of similar agreements with smartphone manufacturers all around the world). If Apple were to win in court, manufacturers could revolt en masse, seeking more favorable terms. At the same time, Apple is actively moving its baseband modem purchases away to its newfound second supplier, Intel, and is very clearly working on its own cellular capabilities. An Apple-designed A-series processor featuring integrated cellular connectivity is still probably a few years out, but once it's ready to ship, Apple won't need to buy baseband modems from either supplier. Even if it's years away, that's a pretty massive risk factor for Qualcomm, and one that one of its former employees could be about to facilitate. Evan Niu, CFA owns shares of Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple and Qualcomm. The Motley Fool recommends INTC. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Evan Niu, CFA (TMFNewCow) Evan is a Senior Technology Specialist at The Motley Fool. He was previously a Senior Trading Specialist at a major discount broker, and worked briefly at Tesla. Evan graduated from the University of Texas at Austin, and is a CFA charterholder. Follow @TMFNewCow Article Info May 31, 2017 at 9:00AM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $155.45 up $2.27 (1.48%) Qualcomm NASDAQ:QCOM $58.58 down $0.04 (-0.07%) Read More How to Buy Apple Stock, and Why You Should Want To 5 Top Dividend Stocks in Wearables Apple Inc. Poaches a Qualcomm, Inc. Chip Executive Another Reason Apple Picked Its Fight With Qualcomm Now This Crazy Apple Inc. WWDC Rumor Seems Totally Bogus Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current The Latest Sign That Apple, Inc. Wants to Make Its Own Baseband Modems @themotleyfool #stocks $AAPL, $QCOM
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Hello Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 251% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 117% 59% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 65% 56% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 50% 32% Returns as of 6/4/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 251% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 117% 59% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 65% 56% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 50% 32% Returns as of 6/4/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Are Apple's Stock Buybacks Still Working for Investors? As Apple’s share repurchases have continued at a torrid pace even as Apple's stock price has risen, how should investors view this trend? Andrew Tonner (TMFTheDude) May 31, 2017 at 9:13AM How productive has tech giant Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) stock buyback program been? The short answer is that it's been extremely effective in enhancing shareholder value since its 2012 inception. The company has wisely spent money scooping up its undervalued shares, reducing shares outstanding and boosting EPS.  Yet stock repurchases have continued unimpeded in recent quarters, even as the Mac maker's stock price has soared in anticipation of the company's forthcoming redesigned iPhone. AAPL data by YCharts As great as Apple's buybacks have been, with the stock trading at highs is the company at risk of destroying shareholder value by overpaying for its own shares? Let's look at the most recent update on Apple's buyback program and consider how investors should understand it in light of the market's increased bullishness on Apple stock. Apple's buybacks continue In its recent earnings report, Apple supplied a supplemental update to its capital return program. The document shows that the pace of the tech giant's share repurchases continued at full steam during the company's fiscal second quarter. Looking back by fiscal year, we see Apple increased the pace of its buybacks by $5 billion dollars in the company's two most recent quarters, even as its stock price continued to climb. Time Open Market Purchases Accelerated Share Repurchases Total FY 2013     $9.0 $14.0 $23.0 FY 2014 $24.0 $21.0 $45.0 FY 2015 $30.0 $6.0 $36.0 FY 2016 $17.0 $12.0 $29.0   Last 12 months $16.0 $18.0 $34.0 Data source: Apple investor relations.All figures in billions. All told, Apple has repurchased a whopping $151 billion in shares since 2012. And in its latest earnings report, Apple's board of directors approved another expansion of its capital return program. The total dollar value allocation now stands at a cool $300 billion, $210 billion of which is earmarked specifically for share repurchases. Apple's buybacks have been an unequivocal boon to its shareholders since it began. A major reason for that has to do with the fact that Apple shares have been fairly cheap, often at a P/E somewhere in the low-teens in recent years. In fact, Apple's buybacks are plainly the reason that the company's EPS increased 41% over the last five years, much faster than the 14% net income expansion over the same period. But we have to ask again: With Apple's valuation metrics pushing against all-time highs, could Apple be destroying shareholder value, especially if shares continue to climb? Image source: Apple Are Apple shares still a buy?   Wall Street currently rates Apple stock as a buy, even as shares hover around the consensus 12-month price target of $154.36.  Yet Apple remains cheaper than the broader market, its P/E multiples remain well below those of the market, at 19 times current earnings and 14 times forward earnings, compared with 25 times earnings for the S&P 500. And that doesn't even back out the massive $158 billion net-cash balanceon Apple's balance sheet. The likely explanation behind the disconnect between Apple's valuation and growth potential lies in its size. As the largest publicly traded company in the world, Apple's sheer size will make growing its top line increasingly difficult in the coming years, though thankfully Apple seems have have plans in place to address this critical issue. In the medium to long term, Apple is working to establish itself in many of tech's most important future growth markets. Areas like electric vehicles, smart home operating systems and hardware, healthcare, and more are truly massive global market. As just one example, the global automotive industry drives as much as $2 trillion in annual economic output. If Apple can grab even a fraction of some of such a market, it could dramatically increase the company's sales and profit bases. And in the short term, of course, the coming iPhone 8 should trigger a wave of upgrades and new purchases that will improve Apple's financial performance even further. Truth is, investors only really have to worry about companies buying back shares if the stock is trading at an unsustainable valuation. With Apple, the story has always been management smartly buying up undervalued shares and boosting core financials. It doesn't look like that will change any time soon.    Andrew Tonner owns shares of Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Andrew Tonner (TMFTheDude) Andrew Tonner is a senior tech specialist for The Motley Fool. He is a graduate of The University of Arizona with a degree in Finance. Follow @andrewtonner Article Info May 31, 2017 at 9:13AM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $155.45 up $2.27 (1.48%) Read More How to Buy Apple Stock, and Why You Should Want To 5 Top Dividend Stocks in Wearables Apple Inc. Poaches a Qualcomm, Inc. Chip Executive Another Reason Apple Picked Its Fight With Qualcomm Now Microsoft Corporation's Unfair Apple Inc. iPad Call-Out Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Are Apple's Stock Buybacks Still Working for Investors? @themotleyfool #stocks $AAPL
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Hello Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 251% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 117% 59% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 65% 56% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 50% 32% Returns as of 6/4/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 251% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 117% 59% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 65% 56% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 50% 32% Returns as of 6/4/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Apple Inc. Poaches a Qualcomm, Inc. Chip Executive The iDevice maker just snapped up a top mobile chip industry executive, but this hire might not mean what you think it does. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) May 31, 2017 at 9:15AM As noted by AppleInsider, Neil Shah of Counterpoint Research has observed  that Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) successfully poached chip executive Esin Terzioglu from wireless-chip giant Qualcomm (NASDAQ:QCOM), to work as a "wireless system-on-a-chip lead." This news led a social-media account owned by semiconductor-related website WikiChip to ask if Apple is "planning on ditching Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) for their own baseband processor." Although Apple may very well be planning to build its own cellular modem technology in-house, I don't think that the company's poaching of this executive necessarily tells us that. Image source: Apple. Several possibilities The term "wireless system on a chip" may not necessarily refer to Apple's A-series system on a chip. For example, Apple may be interested in building chips with integrated wireless capabilities for other product lines, such as the Apple Watch, a product line that would probably benefit from integrated wireless technology, or future Apple W-series chips aimed at future iterations of the AirPod wireless earbuds and similar products. Or the executive could be headed to Apple to work on chips in support of a completely new product category that we simply aren't aware of yet. There is also, of course, the possibility that Apple does, in fact, want to build its own cellular and/or Wi-Fi chips in support of future iPhones. And, finally, the term "wireless system on a chip" may simply refer to a system on a chip that's used in a wireless device such as the iPhone or the iPad but doesn't necessarily include wireless capabilities. In other words, the executive may simply be working on a next-generation A-series processor. Here's the real point, though The real story here, in my mind, is that this is yet another example of Apple's ability to lure the industry's best chip talent. Although Qualcomm's chip business stumbled a bit in recent years -- the Snapdragon 810 was hardly the company's best moment -- the company generally produces leading merchant mobile processors each year. That technological leadership across various pricing tiers, from chips targeted at sub-$100 phones all the way to chips aimed at flagship devices, has helped the company maintain high unit and revenue share within the merchant mobile applications processor market. It's also well understood that Apple's mobile-chip teams are top notch, and the company has the unique benefit of needing to work on a relatively small portfolio of chips targeted at its own high-end devices. Not only that, but Apple also benefits from the fact that it tightly controls its software ecosystem and does so arguably better than any other smartphone vendor does, allowing it to tailor its chips precisely to its needs. That said, it's always good for a company to have as many of the industry's best and brightest technical and managerial minds under its wing, and it looks as though Apple has scored nicely in bringing Terzioglu into the fold. One more thing It's worth noting that chip development cycles are relatively long -- they're measured in years, not weeks or months. So the impact that Apple's new hire will have on the company's product pipeline -- if he does, indeed, significantly have an impact on it -- won't be visible to consumers orn investors for years to come. Ashraf Eassa owns shares of Intel and Qualcomm. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple and Qualcomm. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached on Twitter -- follow him there: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info May 31, 2017 at 9:15AM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $155.45 up $2.27 (1.48%) Qualcomm NASDAQ:QCOM $58.58 down $0.04 (-0.07%) Intel NASDAQ:INTC $36.32 up $0.20 (0.55%) Read More How to Buy Apple Stock, and Why You Should Want To 5 Top Dividend Stocks in Wearables Another Reason Apple Picked Its Fight With Qualcomm Now This Crazy Apple Inc. WWDC Rumor Seems Totally Bogus Apple Inc.'s iPhone 8 Looks Great Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Apple Inc. Poaches a Qualcomm, Inc. Chip Executive @themotleyfool #stocks $AAPL, $QCOM, $INTC
Technology Science Culture Video Reviews Magazine More Business Security Space Podcasts Events Innovation Awards Subscribe About APPLE Untitled-1 Follow Newsletter Sign Up Untitled-1 00/00 How Gary Gygax's Dungeons & Dragons changed fantasy forever How Gary Gygax's Dungeons & Dragons changed fantasy forever Board Games 1 day ago Mars mission astronauts must ‘prepare for non-survivable illnesses or injuries’ Mars mission astronauts must ‘prepare for non-survivable illnesses or injuries’ Space Flight 1 day ago Global reign of terror: map plots every terrorist attack and death in real-time Global reign of terror: map plots every terrorist attack and death in real-time Cartoporn 1 day ago WIRED Weekender: 10 stories you may have missed this week WIRED Weekender: 10 stories you may have missed this week WIRED Weekender 1 day ago India's Moon Shot: the unlikely outsiders shooting for the lunar X-Prize India's Moon Shot: the unlikely outsiders shooting for the lunar X-Prize Moon 1 day ago Get your weekend fix with the best Netflix series according to WIRED Get your weekend fix with the best Netflix series according to WIRED Netflix 2 days ago Podcast of the Week: 'Alice Isn't Dead' joins our best podcasts list Podcast of the Week: 'Alice Isn't Dead' joins our best podcasts list Podcast 2 days ago Fontjoy website uses machine learning to perfectly pair fonts Fontjoy website uses machine learning to perfectly pair fonts Design 2 days ago YouTube cracks down on ads placed on ‘hate speech’ videos YouTube cracks down on ads placed on ‘hate speech’ videos Technology 2 days ago Amazing lasers, Nasa's trip to the Sun: Podcast 320 Amazing lasers, Nasa's trip to the Sun: Podcast 320 Podcast 2 days ago How long do you have left to live? A new AI could have the answer How long do you have left to live? A new AI could have the answer Science 2 days ago What is the Paris climate agreement and what happens next? What is the Paris climate agreement and what happens next? Climate Change 2 days ago Google to launch Chrome ad-blocker in early 2018, warns publishers to prepare Google to launch Chrome ad-blocker in early 2018, warns publishers to prepare Chrome 20 Apr 2017 How Theresa May and the world's leaders reacted to Trump's Paris decision How Theresa May and the world's leaders reacted to Trump's Paris decision Climate Change 2 days ago Sony Xperia XZ Premium review: Incredible slow motion video not enough to stand out Sony Xperia XZ Premium review: Incredible slow motion video not enough to stand out 7/10 Phones 2 days ago Snapchat launches £130 video-recording Spectacles across Europe Snapchat launches £130 video-recording Spectacles across Europe Snapchat 2 days ago The biggest movie releases coming out in June The biggest movie releases coming out in June Film 2 days ago They've done it again! Ligo scientists find gravitational waves for the third time They've done it again! Ligo scientists find gravitational waves for the third time Gravitational Waves 3 days ago New technique lets researchers control brain cells without the need for surgery New technique lets researchers control brain cells without the need for surgery Brain 3 days ago Pictures: Google's new London campus plans Pictures: Google's new London campus plans Google 6 items 3 days ago Best wireless earphones: Embrace the sound of silence with these Bluetooth earphones Best wireless earphones: Embrace the sound of silence with these Bluetooth earphones Music 3 days ago How to launch a travel startup to rival the sharing economy How to launch a travel startup to rival the sharing economy Work Smarter 3 days ago UpVote episode 6: Labour's surge and the secrets behind Brexit UpVote episode 6: Labour's surge and the secrets behind Brexit Politics 3 days ago Silk Road creator Ross Ulbricht loses appeal against life sentence Silk Road creator Ross Ulbricht loses appeal against life sentence Silk Road 3 days ago Microsoft is now 'paying' UK users to ditch Google and search with Bing Microsoft is now 'paying' UK users to ditch Google and search with Bing Microsoft 4 days ago Apple WWDC 2017: Fresh reports suggest 'Siri speaker' unveiling is imminent Apple WWDC 2017: Fresh reports suggest 'Siri speaker' unveiling is imminent Apple 3 days ago Nasa's mission to Sun renamed after astrophysicist behind solar wind theory Nasa's mission to Sun renamed after astrophysicist behind solar wind theory Sun 4 days ago Rare mummy DNA has revealed clues about the relatives of ancient Egyptians Rare mummy DNA has revealed clues about the relatives of ancient Egyptians Ancient Egypt 5 days ago Baffled by the general election? Not sure who to vote for? These online tools will help Baffled by the general election? Not sure who to vote for? These online tools will help General Election 4 days ago The UK's laptop ban on flights: everything we know so far The UK's laptop ban on flights: everything we know so far Flights 5 days ago The biggest new game releases for June The biggest new game releases for June Gaming 2 days ago The best shows and TV series on Amazon Prime UK The best shows and TV series on Amazon Prime UK Amazon Prime 24 May 2017 This month's free games for PlayStation Plus This month's free games for PlayStation Plus Playstation 27 Apr 2017 Technology Science Culture Video Reviews Magazine Business Security Space Podcasts Events Innovation Awards Subscribe About ONLY £1.50 AN ISSUE + FREE DIGITAL EDITIONS Subscribe Follow wired Newsletter Sign Up How Gary Gygax's Dungeons & Dragons changed fantasy forever How Gary Gygax's Dungeons & Dragons changed fantasy forever Board Games 1 day ago Mars mission astronauts must ‘prepare for non-survivable illnesses or injuries’ Mars mission astronauts must ‘prepare for non-survivable illnesses or injuries’ Space Flight 1 day ago Global reign of terror: map plots every terrorist attack and death in real-time Global reign of terror: map plots every terrorist attack and death in real-time Cartoporn 1 day ago WIRED Weekender: 10 stories you may have missed this week WIRED Weekender: 10 stories you may have missed this week WIRED Weekender 1 day ago India's Moon Shot: the unlikely outsiders shooting for the lunar X-Prize India's Moon Shot: the unlikely outsiders shooting for the lunar X-Prize Moon 1 day ago Get your weekend fix with the best Netflix series according to WIRED Get your weekend fix with the best Netflix series according to WIRED Netflix 2 days ago Podcast of the Week: 'Alice Isn't Dead' joins our best podcasts list Podcast of the Week: 'Alice Isn't Dead' joins our best podcasts list Podcast 2 days ago Fontjoy website uses machine learning to perfectly pair fonts Fontjoy website uses machine learning to perfectly pair fonts Design 2 days ago YouTube cracks down on ads placed on ‘hate speech’ videos YouTube cracks down on ads placed on ‘hate speech’ videos Technology 2 days ago Amazing lasers, Nasa's trip to the Sun: Podcast 320 Amazing lasers, Nasa's trip to the Sun: Podcast 320 Podcast 2 days ago How long do you have left to live? A new AI could have the answer How long do you have left to live? A new AI could have the answer Science 2 days ago What is the Paris climate agreement and what happens next? What is the Paris climate agreement and what happens next? Climate Change 2 days ago Google to launch Chrome ad-blocker in early 2018, warns publishers to prepare Google to launch Chrome ad-blocker in early 2018, warns publishers to prepare Chrome 20 Apr 2017 How Theresa May and the world's leaders reacted to Trump's Paris decision How Theresa May and the world's leaders reacted to Trump's Paris decision Climate Change 2 days ago Sony Xperia XZ Premium review: Incredible slow motion video not enough to stand out Sony Xperia XZ Premium review: Incredible slow motion video not enough to stand out 7/10 Phones 2 days ago Snapchat launches £130 video-recording Spectacles across Europe Snapchat launches £130 video-recording Spectacles across Europe Snapchat 2 days ago The biggest movie releases coming out in June The biggest movie releases coming out in June Film 2 days ago They've done it again! Ligo scientists find gravitational waves for the third time They've done it again! Ligo scientists find gravitational waves for the third time Gravitational Waves 3 days ago New technique lets researchers control brain cells without the need for surgery New technique lets researchers control brain cells without the need for surgery Brain 3 days ago Pictures: Google's new London campus plans Pictures: Google's new London campus plans Google 6 items 3 days ago Best wireless earphones: Embrace the sound of silence with these Bluetooth earphones Best wireless earphones: Embrace the sound of silence with these Bluetooth earphones Music 3 days ago How to launch a travel startup to rival the sharing economy How to launch a travel startup to rival the sharing economy Work Smarter 3 days ago UpVote episode 6: Labour's surge and the secrets behind Brexit UpVote episode 6: Labour's surge and the secrets behind Brexit Politics 3 days ago Silk Road creator Ross Ulbricht loses appeal against life sentence Silk Road creator Ross Ulbricht loses appeal against life sentence Silk Road 3 days ago Microsoft is now 'paying' UK users to ditch Google and search with Bing Microsoft is now 'paying' UK users to ditch Google and search with Bing Microsoft 4 days ago Apple WWDC 2017: Fresh reports suggest 'Siri speaker' unveiling is imminent Apple WWDC 2017: Fresh reports suggest 'Siri speaker' unveiling is imminent Apple 3 days ago Nasa's mission to Sun renamed after astrophysicist behind solar wind theory Nasa's mission to Sun renamed after astrophysicist behind solar wind theory Sun 4 days ago Rare mummy DNA has revealed clues about the relatives of ancient Egyptians Rare mummy DNA has revealed clues about the relatives of ancient Egyptians Ancient Egypt 5 days ago Baffled by the general election? Not sure who to vote for? These online tools will help Baffled by the general election? Not sure who to vote for? These online tools will help General Election 4 days ago The UK's laptop ban on flights: everything we know so far The UK's laptop ban on flights: everything we know so far Flights 5 days ago The biggest new game releases for June The biggest new game releases for June Gaming 2 days ago The best shows and TV series on Amazon Prime UK The best shows and TV series on Amazon Prime UK Amazon Prime 24 May 2017 This month's free games for PlayStation Plus This month's free games for PlayStation Plus Playstation 27 Apr 2017 Apple Apple WWDC 2017: Fresh reports suggest 'Siri speaker' unveiling is imminent WWDC 2017 runs from June 5 to June 9 By Matt Burgess 3 days ago By Matt Burgess Thursday 1 June 2017 Getty Images / Scott Barbour / Staff If you're a developer, the early months of the year can be exciting: Google, Microsoft, and Facebook have all held their annual conferences announcing what they're working on. At the start of June, it is Apple's turn to take centre stage with its own offering. ADVERTISEMENT Europe vs Silicon Valley: behind enemy lines with the woman deciding Google's fate Europe vs Silicon Valley: behind enemy lines with the woman deciding Google's fate Politics 12 Apr 2017 The 2017 Worldwide Developer Conference, announced in February, will see Tim Cook and fellow Apple executives take to the stage to reveal the company's latest work. Among other things, Apple is widely tipped to unveil a 'Siri speaker' to rival the Amazon Echo and Google Home. READ NEXT WIRED Awake: 10 must-read articles for June 1 WIRED Awake: 10 must-read articles for June 1 By WIRED When is the Apple WWDC 2017 keynote? WWDC lasts a week (June 5 to June 9), however, the headline event takes place on the first day. San Jose's McEnery Convention Center will play host to the opening keynote at 18:00 UK time. For those that want to keep up with the entire conference, Apple's WWDC app lists sessions that will be taking place. These focus on Apple's developer programme, Game Center, its TV operating system, and much more. Within the schedule of events, there's also a number of secretive sessions ('Nobody nose what to call this yet' and 'You'll slip when this is revealed') that will relate to the main stage announcements. Apple usually uses the conference to announce its latest software updates. However, there's sometimes a sprinkling of hardware included too. Here's what you can expect from WWDC 2017. ADVERTISEMENT READ NEXT EU agrees €120m funding to give free Wi-Fi to 'every European village and city' EU agrees €120m funding to give free Wi-Fi to 'every European village and city' By Matthew Reynolds The 'Siri speaker' Amazon's Echo and Google's Home have created a new market for voice recognition AI assistants that are designed for the house. Apple is said to be launching its own Siri-based AI speaker at WWDC. Reports say the device will have seven tweeters and a subwoofer inside. It is expected the device will run a version of iOS and use Beats technology. Rumours about the Siri speaker, which doesn't have an official name, say the device will have a mesh outer shell and prototypes have allegedly included facial recognition, that works with integrated cameras. Apple's marketing boss Phil Schiller has previously hinted that a smart speaker from the firm will have a screen. He said: "So there's many moments where a voice assistant is really beneficial, but that doesn't mean you'd never want a screen. So the idea of not having a screen, I don't think suits many situations". Just days before the start of WWDC 2017, Bloomberg has reported that Apple is already manufacturing its 'Siri speaker,' indicating an advanced stage of development. ADVERTISEMENT READ NEXT Who built Silicon Valley? Blame the hippies Who built Silicon Valley? Blame the hippies By James Temperton According to the publication's sources Apple may demonstrate the device's capabilities at the developer conference but it will not be ready to ship the product to customers until 'later in the year'. It is claimed Inventec Corp, which makes Apple's AirPod wireless headphones, will be making the AI speaker and it was at an advanced prototype stage in 2016. iOS 11 for iPhone and iPad It's almost certain that Apple will release its latest iPhone and iPad operating system at this year's WWDC. The event, which is held around the same time each year, almost always sees a new version of the iOS released. In 2016, Apple revealed iOS 10, which included a change to how devices are unlocked, messaging animations and applications, new emoji, and a revamped Apple News section. With the launch of a new iPhone – possibly called the iPhone 8 – later this year, the new iOS will be tailored to work on the upcoming handset. This could include features that will only work on the new device. As with all Apple announcements, the details are largely being kept a secret at the moment. A number of rumours have suggested the iOS will have large Siri updates and a new edition of Apple Music. Based on past performances, Apple will make the new iOS free for users to upgrade and will release the final public version in autumn 2017. ADVERTISEMENT Mac laptop updates While WWDC is best known for software, Bloomberg has reported Apple is planning to upgrade three of its laptop ranges: the MacBook Pro, 12-inch MacBook and potentially an update to the MacBook Air. As well as hardware updates, it's likely Apple will update macOS to version 10.13. TV and Watch operating systems As well as operating systems for iPhones, iPads and Macs, Apple may also be planning updates to its watchOS and tvOS. A new TV operating system could add picture-in-picture support and the ability for multiple users to connect to the device. WatchOS 3 was launched at WWDC 2016 and added new fitness features as well as a feature called Scribble that lets people write letters on the screen. It's likely this will be followed-up with a fourth version this year. Rumours around the potential new watch operating system say Siri will be improved and there will be more activities that can be tracked. Check back on June 5 for details on how to watch the WWDC keynote and all the Apple announcements from the event Apple Gadgets iOS Siri Macbook Share this article RECOMMENDED Apple is reportedly making an Echo competitor Apple is reportedly making an Echo competitor By Emily Reynolds Artificial Intelligence 25 May 2016 All the big news from Apple's WWDC All the big news from Apple's WWDC By WIRED Apple WWDC 2016 13 Jun 2016 Apple WWDC 2016: iOS 10, Apple TV OS and Siri updates expected later today Apple WWDC 2016: iOS 10, Apple TV OS and Siri updates expected later today By Lee Bell Apple Watch 13 Jun 2016 Apple TV comes with touch remote, Siri and dedicated tvOS App Store Apple TV comes with touch remote, Siri and dedicated tvOS App Store By Katie Collins Apple 09 Sep 2015 Privacy policy and cookie statement Terms & conditions Careers Contact © Condé Nast UK 2017
Apps iPhone Apps iPad Apps Mac Apps Apple TV Apps Apple Watch Apps The Best Apps Tutorials Jailbreak Jailbreak Tweaks Jailbreak Guide Unlock Guide Deals Latest Deals Devices iPhone iPad Mac Apple Watch Apple TV More Download Wallpapers iPhone Photography Expert Tips Podcasts Microsoft’s latest initiative brings always-on LTE notebooks with embedded SIM technology Christian Zibreg on May 31, 2017 0 Windows maker Microsoft’s new “Always Connected PCs” initiative focuses on helping computer manufacturers bring to market LTE-enabled notebooks that incorporate eSIM technology (not to be confused with Apple SIM). The company said at the Computex 2017 show this morning in Taipei that it will partner with PC vendors, carriers and chip makers like Intel and Qualcomm on the new initiative. Created a year ago by Apple, Samsung and other players, these SIMs are embedded directly into a device and cannot be removed. But perhaps more important than that, eSIMs are universally compatible with all carriers and as such allow customers to sign up for a wireless service right on their device. First LTE-enabled Windows notebooks featuring eSIM technology (via Qualcomm’s Snapdragon 835 chipset) are on the way from ASUS, HP and Lenovo, said Microsoft. These new Intel x86-based devices will feature Windows 10, always-on LTE connectivity and “great battery life”. Huawei, VAIO and Xiaomi are committed to Always Connected PCs using eSIM technology, too. “There is a new generation of users that need to be connected to the cloud at all times. They are students, creators, freelancers, small businesses and enterprises,” said the Redmond firm. “This means sharing experiences across screens and leveraging the latest network technology like gigabit LTE and eSIM.” The eSIM standard works virtually anywhere in the world, meaning customers are able to switch carrier instantly, no paperwork or a physical SIM card required whatsoever. Apple owns a patent for an LTE-enabled MacBook with wireless antennas integrated within a hinge mechanism, as depicted on the patent drawing below. Updated Mac notebooks are expected at WWDC next week, according to Bloomberg. Ahead of the WWDC keynote, an Apple regulatory filing in Russia has identified five unreleased Mac notebooks, plus a next-generation Magic Keyboard and new iPad Pro models. It’s unclear if these refreshed MacBooks will feature embedded LTE connectivity, but if a next-generation MacBook with an eSIM is lying around somewhere in Jony Ive’s basement now would be a good time to bring it to market. Tagged: Apple Asus Carrier Cellular HP Huawei Lenovo LTE Microsoft News Notebook PC Windows Windows 10 Xiaomi MORE FROM iDB New Apple ads continue positioning iPad Pro as being better than a computer Microsoft unveils fifth-generation Surface Pro Windows 10 is getting fully customizable Control Center Featured Latest Jailbreak tweaks of the week: Charge, TouchBar, & more… Halide, Clarity, Adobe Scan, and other apps to check out this weekend How to live stream WWDC 2017 on iPhone, iPad, Apple TV, Mac, Windows, and Android Daily Deals: 20% off PlayStation Plus membership, 10% off Uber gift card, and more Mad Max, Pulp Fiction and other iTunes movies on sale right now How to track your sleep using your iPhone and Apple Watch WWDC 2017 wallpapers and logo pack Jailbreak tweaks of the week: Charge, TouchBar, & more… WWDC 2017, rumors of Siri speaker, new Macs, and other top stories this week on iDB Apple to announce Siri support for larger variety of apps at WWDC Jailbreak News Jailbreak tweaks of the week: Charge, TouchBar, & more… New jailbreak tweak brings a MacBook Pro-style Touch Bar to your iPhone Hide stuff from your Lock screen with LSHiddenTools10 JailbreakersUnite: a new conference that aims to bring jailbreak community members together SaveBot lets you save videos from your timeline in Tweetbot Apps How to track your sleep using your iPhone and Apple Watch Apple to announce Siri support for larger variety of apps at WWDC Halide, Clarity, Adobe Scan, and other apps to check out this weekend Can Facebook win over the Snapchat audience with purported teen-centric Talk app? Apple’s free app of the week: The Robot Factory Accessories 10.5″ iPad Pro screen protector surfaces ahead of rumored WWDC announcement Nike’s new sneaker-matching Apple Watch bands now available for purchase Twelve South’s BookArc stand for Apple notebooks now available in Space Gray Apple’s begun manufacturing its Siri speaker ahead of WWDC Elgato debuts Eve Degree HomeKit sensor [video review] Deals Instant Snap-On Smart Wall Outlets for $16 Daily Burn: Premium Membership for $99 10-Ft MFi-Certified Lightning Cable: 3-Pack for $16 Newsletter Get updates directly into your inbox. Subscribe Download the iDB app About | Contact | Advertise | Disclosure | Privacy Policy 2017 © iDownloadBlog.com - This website is not affiliated with Apple. Home Apps Tutorials Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Downloads Wallpapers Accessories Deals Podcasts Write for iDB Contact Us
Top News U.S. News World News Voices Entertainment Movies Music TV Odd News Defense Energy Sports Fantasy Football NFL NBA MLB NHL Golf Tennis College Football College Basketball Science Health Photos Latest Photos 2016 Olympics News Entertainment Sports Features Archives Archive The Almanac Search Home / Entertainment News 'Carpool Karaoke: The Series' to debut on Apple Music on August 8 By Wade Sheridan   |   May 31, 2017 at 9:32 AM Follow @upishowbiz Comments 1 of 3 | License Photo May 31 (UPI) -- Apple has announced that their upcoming Late Late Show spinoff from James Corden, Carpool: Karaoke: The Series, is set to premiere on Apple Music on Aug. 8. From creator and executive producer James Corden and Ben Winston, Carpool Karaoke: The Series based on the popular Late Late Show segment of the same name, will consist of 16 half-hour episodes that bring together a celebrity and a musician to sing songs while driving in a car. A different group of pairings will appear each week on Tuesday including Will Smith and Corden, Miley Cyrus and her family, Shakira and Trevor Noah, Game of Thrones stars Sophie Turner and Maisie Williams, Queen Latifah and Jada Pinkett Smith, John Legend, Alicia Keys and Taraji P. Henson and LeBron James and Corden, just to name a few. Blake Shelton, John Cena, Chelsea Handler, Metallica, Shaquille O' Neal, Michael Strahan, Jeff Gordon, Billy Eichner and Seth MacFarlane are also set to star on the show. "The new Carpool Karaoke series features 16 celebrity pairings riding along in a car together as they sing tunes from their personal playlists and surprise fans who don't expect to see big stars belting out tunes one lane over," reads the synopsis. "I'm still going to see my kid on the weekends," Corden said previously of not having to host the series for every episode as he does on his late night show. "This just became a wonderful platform to see these people in such an intimate environment. I don't feel it's mine." Corden will still continue to produce Carpool Karaoke segments as part of The Late Late Show. Follow us on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram for more news from UPI.com Related UPI Stories Will Smith, Ariana Grande star in first trailer for 'Carpool Karaoke: The Series' Ariana Grande, John Legend, Metallica, Will Smith join Apple's 'Carpool Karaoke' series Harry Styles, James Corden sing 'Endless Love' for Carpool Karaoke Comments Topics: James Corden, Will Smith, Miley Cyrus, Shakira, Sophie Turner, Maisie Williams, Queen Latifah, Jada Pinkett Smith, John Legend, Alicia Keys, Taraji P. Henson, LeBron James, Blake Shelton, John Cena, Michael Strahan, Jeff Gordon, Seth MacFarlane Trending Stars showcase their films at the 70th annual Cannes Film Festival Trending Stars showcase their films at the 70th annual Cannes Film Festival Latest Headlines Ariana Grande, Niall Horan perform at 'One Love Manchester' benefit concert 8 hours ago ago June 4 (UPI) -- More than 50,000 people attended the star-studded "One Love Manchester" benefit concert at Emirates Old Trafford Cricket Ground in England Sunday. Terry Gilliam finally finishes 'The Man Who Killed Don Quixote' 10 hours ago ago June 4 (UPI) -- Terry Gilliam says he has finally finished "The Man Who Killed Don Quixote," a film he first tried to make at the turn of the century. 'Wonder Woman' is No. 1 at the North American box office with $100.5M 12 hours ago ago June 4 (UPI) -- "Wonder Woman" is the No. 1 movie in North America this weekend, earning $100.5 million in receipts, BoxOfficeMojo.com announced Sunday. Cher, Jimmy Carter attend Gregg Allman's funeral in Georgia 14 hours ago ago June 4 (UPI) -- Entertainer Cher and Jimmy Carter, former president of the United States, were among the mourners at Gregg Allman's funeral in Georgia Saturday. Erinn Hayes says she has been 'let go' from 'Kevin Can Wait' 15 hours ago ago June 4 (UPI) -- Erinn Hayes confirmed this weekend she will not return to the CBS sitcom "Kevin Can Wait" for Season 2. Trending Stories 'Battle of the Network Stars:' Ronda Rousey, DeMarcus Ware named team captains Bill Maher apologizes for using racial slur in 'Real Time' joke Drugs not a factor in Cornell's death, toxicology says Erinn Hayes says she has been 'let go' from 'Kevin Can Wait' The Eagles add Glenn Frey's son Deacon, Vince Gill for upcoming concerts IN PHOTOS Emma Watson Serena Williams Ryan Reynolds Lady Gaga Burt Reynolds Tyra Banks Victoria Beckham Mariah Carey Explore UPI Top News Entertainment News Odd News Sports News Science News Health News News Photos World News U.S. News Energy News Defense News UPI Archives UPI Espanol United Press International United Press International is a leading provider of news, photos and information to millions of readers around the globe via UPI.com and its licensing services. With a history of reliable reporting dating back to 1907, today's UPI is a credible source for the most important stories of the day, continually updated  - a one-stop site for U.S. and world news, as well as entertainment, trends, science, health and stunning photography. UPI also provides insightful reports on key topics of geopolitical importance, including energy and security. Stay up to Date Login Contact Advertise Online with UPI Submit News Tips Feedback Copyright © 2017 United Press International, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TERMS OF USE | PRIVACY POLICY
Homepage Follow Sign in / Sign up Brad EllisBlockedUnblockFollowFollowing Interaction Designer • Tall West May 24 All Thumbs, Why Reach Navigation Should Replace the Navbar in iOS Design The Navbar is Tapped Out The UINavigationBar, navbar for short, has been around since the original iPhone. Historically, navbars have been convenient and clear, easy to understand and easy to build. Then phones ballooned, enough that the iPhone 7 Plus supplanted sales of the iPad mini. Now, if you own a modern iPhone, navbars can feel unwieldy — literally out of touch. Burgeoning screens mean the distance between the navbar and our thumbs has grown. The screen on a 7 Plus is so tall it would take a thumb-length increase of 150 percent to reach those pesky buttons with one hand. Just another knuckle or two. Nothing weird. Hurff’s Touch Zones illustrate right-handed thumb reachability. As devices change, our visual language changes with them. It’s time to move away from the navbar in favor of navigation within thumb-reach. For the purposes of this article, we’ll call that Reach Navigation. Why the Navbar is Out of Touch The Navbar is a mainstay of the “system standard” application, used in Phone, Messages, Mail, Calendar, and countless others. There are lots of reasons it gained favor: iOS Standard Apple built the navbar to be customizable, scalable, accessible, and easy to implement. Because it’s an iOS standard, it’s recognizable across apps. Navigation The left and right sides of the navbar afford space for buttons. The left area often navigates users up in the hierarchy, and the right area is up for grabs. The back button informs users that they’re not at the root view. Title Provides a consistent location for text defining the function of the view. Since the navbar always stays on screen, it helps further establish the information hierarchy. Companion to Tab Bar If you have a row of tappable icons at the bottom of the screen (namely, a Tab Bar), putting other icons at the top of the screen helps separate the parent/child relationship. Logo Your client can put a logo here! Genius. Lol jk, I find this tacky, but I digress. Some sample navbars for your enjoyment. Oh my gosh, so many great reasons to use a navbar in your project. Except, damn! It’s hard to get your thumb up there now. That being the case, let’s talk some Navbar cons: It’s harder to go back. You can swipe from the edge, as long as the view you’re on doesn’t have anything that scrolls horizontally, but if it does then you’re in stretch-town. Naming all the views is a pain. Not all screens need a persistent title, and some require labels too long to fit. Leaving a blank navigation area wastes screen space and looks barren. Navigating requires two hands. If you can hold a device in one hand, you should be able to operate the device with one hand. It feels better, and it’s more convenient in a world full of shopping carts to push, and babies to carry. Simple apps become more complex than necessary. Navbars tend to lead to information architecture that runs deep. It’s easy to develop for horizontal progressive disclosure, which means it can be a battle to expand inline or use a sheet. All right. Now we know how navbars can be crap. So what are we doing? Reach Navigation and Apple As an iOS designer, this is the part where I support my thesis by pointing out how Apple is already incorporating Reach Navigation. Ready? We’ll start with two of the obvious ways Apple is accommodating larger mobile screens. In lieu of a back button, navigate back by swiping from the left edge. First, you don’t have to hit the back button anymore, you can navigate back by swiping from the left edge. You can also control the movement of the screen as it swipes backwards, letting you peek at a previous screen before you commit. It doesn’t work in every app, but when it does you get to watch the back label transition into the title, which is just beautiful. Lightly double-tapping the home button shifts content down. Second, iOS includes a feature called Reachability, where your screen’s contents shift down to help you reach buttons near the top when you lightly double tap the home button. Workable for now, but it feels like a Bandaid solution. Now here’s where the turn toward Reach Nav gets more apparent. Apple has already started weaning their apps off the navbar. Maps and Music both had structural redesigns for iOS 10 that diminished or removed the need for navbars. Apple Music changes from iOS 9 (left) to iOS 10 (right). Removing the Navigation Bar allowed the primary view label to increase in size. Pretty. Now both apps use a sheet you can swipe down to dismiss. Apple Maps changes from iOS 9 (left) to iOS 10 (right). The UI is almost entirely inverted. Map Settings and Lock to Current Location are harder to reach, while Search and Results are prioritized. A few back buttons in Apple Music survived the chop block for iOS 10, but they appear marked for removal in a future OS. It’s silly to earmark so much horizontal space for a button that only occupies 20 percent of the real estate. Apple Music has also reverted to a mere Back label instead of describing the return destination, a cornerstone of the back button’s functionality through the iOS 7 release. The Back button in iOS 10 is taking up a lot of real estate here. Seems temporary, no? Yes. So it seems like this is the direction Apple’s taking, which gives you a chance to shift your designs accordingly. Incorporating Reach Navigation Here are some specifics on how to incorporate Reach Nav in your apps. If you’re working on: A new app using a Tab Bar: Use sheets that pop up from the bottom and can be swiped away. Instead of putting important buttons like Filter or Change View up high , see if you can float them above the Tab Bar. Have some conversations about which features are mission critical, before you choose tabs for your most precious screen real estate. Don’t put a destination button — like Search, Cart, New Message — in the navbar. Either make a tab or embed it in the content area. A new app with no Tab Bar: Try an exposed drawer like Maps, or sheets like Mail. Do I need to say this? Prioritize placing buttons at the bottom of the screen. A revamp of a legacy design: Move the most-used items to the bottom. Make sure swiping from the edge of the screen to go back works for all views. See what you can nest to free up space in the most usable screen areas. Remove important actions from the top right navbar spot, and put them anywhere else. A quick rendition of how Safari could move the address bar to the bottom, remove the toolbar, and still maintain functionality. Finally, there are a few exceptions on putting mission-critical buttons within easy reach. If an action has serious consequences, moving the button out of reach is a way to help your user avoid a mistake. So if a case of fat thumbs might cost someone thousands of dollars, or delete an important document, move those options up a bit. Examples of Reach Nav in the Wild New Apple apps aren’t the only products that are starting to respect Reach Nav. Lyft and Pokémon Go put everything within one-handed reach. Pokémon Go and Lyft employ Reach Navigation. Some other apps like Overcast have started using sheets that let you swipe down. Overcast uses sheets that let users swipe down. The iOS Twitter app removes the need to swipe from the edge of the screen to go back, now you can swipe from anywhere. Expect to see more apps move functionality to the bottom on the most reachable part of the screen. It’s pretty easy to adapt, though apps with excessive features will have the most trouble. Stay In Touch The navbar has been essential part of iOS since Apple released the first developer kit, and it has served us well. But it’s time to let go. Let’s agree to stop sticking important buttons to the top of the screen. Better navigation is within reach. Brad Ellis is the founder of Tall West, a design agency whose clients include Airbnb and Target. He is an Apple Design Award winner, and has received two Webbys for app design. If you’d like to work together, drop him a line at Brad at Tallwest.com. Contributors: Ronan Rooney and Maggie Mason iOS Design Mobile Interface iPhone 1K 30 BlockedUnblockFollowFollowing Brad Ellis Interaction Designer • Tall West Follow Tall West Thoughts and ideas from Tall West, a design consultancy in San Francisco. Share 1K Never miss a story from Tall West, when you sign up for Medium. Learn more Never miss a story from Tall West Get updatesGet updates
Articles l l How to Record a Video of Your iPhone or iPad’s Screen How to Rip Blu-Ray Discs With MakeMKV and Handbrake What Is Windows 10 on ARM, and How is It Different From Windows RT? Wi-Fi vs. Ethernet: How Much Better Is a Wired Connection? Subscribe l l FOLLOW US TWITTER GOOGLE+ FACEBOOK GET UPDATES BY EMAIL Enter your email below to get exclusive access to our best articles and tips before everybody else. RSS ALL ARTICLES FEATURES ONLY Search Why Does My iPhone 7 Plus Have Two Cameras? By Harry Guinness on May 31st, 2017 Apple isn’t the first manufacturer to put two cameras on their phone (LG, HTC and Huawei all beat them to it), but Apple’s iPhone 7 Plus is the first to really make a splash. But what’s the advantage of this shiny new two-camera setup? Let’s have a look. The Camera Specs The iPhone 7 Plus has two 12 megapixel cameras, side by side. The first is a wide-angle camera similar to the camera that has always been on iPhones. It’s got a lens with an aperture of f/1.8 and a focal length that’s equivalent to about 28mm on a full frame camera. If you’ve ever used an iPhone’s camera or smartphone camera in general, it will feel pretty familiar. RELATED ARTICLE How Does the “8x” Zoom on My Point-and-Shoot Compare to My DSLR? The difference is in the second camera. It’s got a lens with an aperture of f/2.8 and a full frame equivalent focal length of about 56mm. This means things will appear twice as large when shot with this camera as they do with the wide-angle camera—roughly how things look with your eyes. You can see that in the comparison shots below which were taken a few seconds apart from the same spot. RELATED ARTICLE What Is Image Stabilization, and How Does It Work? There’s one other difference between the two cameras: the wide-angle camera has optical image stabilization, while the telephoto one doesn’t. Using the Two Cameras Using the two cameras is easy. Open your iPhone’s camera app. If you’re in any mode except Portrait, you’ll see a 1x button at the bottom. Tap it to switch to the telephoto camera. When to Use Each Camera Both cameras have different uses. The wide-angle camera should probably still be your go-to. Unless you’ve a reason to use the telephoto camera, the wide-angle camera has a few advantages: it has a faster aperture, optical image stabilization, and a wider angle (which makes it more forgiving to use). RELATED ARTICLE Your Camera’s Most Important Settings: Shutter Speed, Aperture, and ISO Explained The wider aperture means that more light gets let in so your iPhone can use a faster shutter speed. The optical image stabilization keeps your photos sharp even when the shutter speed drops lower than you’d want. Finally, the wider angle means that any camera shake from your hands will have much less effect on the image. Combined, these mean that, especially in low light, you’ll get better pictures from the wide-angle camera. The telephoto camera’s advantage is that it can zoom in further while still taking full resolution images. If you want to get closer, you don’t have to crop the photo. This is great for when you can’t get any nearer with your feet like when you’re doing touristy things, watching sports from the sidelines, or trying to get a photo of a skittish dog. As long as the light is good, the advantages of the wide-angle camera won’t really come into play. RELATED ARTICLE How to Make a Smartphone Photo Look Like it Was Taken With a DSLR Finally, there’s also the iPhone’s new “Portrait Mode”, which uses both cameras together—it’s technically in beta, but works well the vast majority of the time. The telephoto camera is used to take the main photo while the wide-angle camera is used to build a depth map of the scene. This means your iPhone can selectively blur different areas and make it look like it was taken using a DSLR, an effect that until now you needed to use an app like Photoshop to achieve. You can see an example in the image above. The iPhone 7 Plus is undoubtedly a step forward for smartphone cameras. Although you should probably default to the wide-angle camera, the telephoto is really useful in certain circumstances when you can’t physically get closer, or want to use Portrait mode. JOIN THE DISCUSSION Tweet Harry Guinness writes occasionally when he’s not busy skiing, sailing, partying, lifting weights, or otherwise dodging responsibility. His main areas of interest are himself, gin, and crazy people with interesting stories to tell. When people won’t pay him to write ill-thought-out opinion pieces, he covers photography, technology, and culture. You can follow him on Twitter. Published 05/31/17 DID YOU KNOW? Given the number of white doves released at weddings and other special events, you’d think you’d see one in the wild now and then; the reason you don’t is that those doves are actually homing pigeons and after they’re released they fly right home. BEST OF HOW-TO GEEK How to Send and Receive Faxes Online Without a Fax Machine or Phone Line How to Put Together Your First Smarthome (Without Getting Overwhelmed) 7 Ways To Free Up Hard Disk Space On Windows Browser Slow? How to Make Mozilla Firefox Fast Again How to Batch Rename Multiple Files in Windows 10 Quick Ways to Speed Up a Slow Mac How to Choose the Best VPN Service for Your Needs How to Monitor Your USB Device Power Usage and Output 8 Deadly Commands You Should Never Run on Linux Follow @howtogeek More Articles You Might Like ABOUT About Us Contact Us Discussion Forum Advertising Privacy Policy GET ARTICLES BY EMAIL Enter your email address to get our daily newsletter. FOLLOW US Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Feed Disclaimer: Most of the pages on the internet include affiliate links, including some on this site. Copyright © 2006-2017 How-To Geek, LLC  All Rights Reserved
NEWS l l CHANNELS GamesBeat AI AR/VR Big Data Bots Business Cloud Dev Entrepreneur Esports Heartland Tech Marketing Media Mobile PC Gaming Security Social Transportation Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise EVENTS l l VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Speaker Media Partner Volunteer Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise RESEARCH l l CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Mobile Gaming Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise ‹ NEWS › CHANNELS GamesBeat Esports AI Heartland Tech AR/VR Marketing Big Data Media Bots Mobile Business PC Gaming Cloud Security Dev Social Entrepreneur Transportation ‹ EVENTS › VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Media Partner Speaker Volunteer ‹ RESEARCH › CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Gaming Mobile Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription ‹ VENTUREBEAT › About Advertise Careers Contact Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars MOBILE How ReMarkable’s targeting writers and sketchers with a $529 tablet that replicates paper Paul Sawers@psawers May 31, 2017 6:02 AM Tablets transformed the personal computer market after Apple unveiled the iPad back in 2010, but with reports suggesting tablet popularity is waning — and Apple alone recently shifting the fewest iPads in a single quarter since the device’s inaugural year — it’s easy to raise an eyebrow at any company entering the tablet fray in 2017. But that is exactly what ReMarkable is doing. However, the Norwegian startup isn’t bringing another dull Android-powered “me too” device to market; instead the company is focusing on writers, sketchers, and doodlers with a “digital paper” tablet that strives to replicate the physical paper experience. The Oslo-based firm first debuted its machine last November, bypassing Kickstarter to open preorders through its own website. The ReMarkable was offered to early adopters for $379, including a special pen and case, but until now the device hasn’t been given a public airing. Above: ReMarkable A few weeks back, however, VentureBeat managed to grab a little hands-on time with a final prototype version and garner a sense for where things are at. But first, here’s a quick recap on exactly what the ReMarkable tablet promises. The paper killer Above: Writing on ReMarkable Ultimately, ReMarkable sees its main competitor as the humble A4 notepad. It’s “an elegant tool for thinking in the digital age” and will be appreciated by those who “cherish the simplicity and power of working on paper,” according to the company’s marketing lingo. Importantly, the ReMarkable doesn’t offer web access — you can’t read tweets, argue with people on Facebook, or get directions to the pub. Instead, the device is for reading, writing, and drawing — everything you can do with standard paper. Above: Sketching on ReMarkable In terms of documents and ebooks, the ReMarkable supports PDF and EPUB formats, with users able to annotate across existing text, a feature that is aimed at professionals, such as lawyers, or at students wishing to make notes next to their academic reading material. For the product, ReMarkable worked closely with E Ink Holdings — the Taiwanese company behind many of the world’s popular e-paper products, including e-readers — to develop a proprietary “CANVAS” display that is as close as possible to paper, but without screen glare and with a higher-friction surface than you’ll be used to with standard tablets. The 10.3″ display, with a 1872 x 1404 (226 PPI) resolution, doesn’t have an on-board light — after all, neither does paper. It’s also worth noting here that ReMarkable is touting its cross-platform credentials, with syncing available via the cloud through mobile and desktop apps. The competition ReMarkable is far from the first company to offer an e-paper device for readers and writers. Sony is among the more notable brands in the space, and a few years back it launched the Sony Digital Paper DPT-S1, a 13.3″ device that started at around $1,100. Sony recently announced a joint venture with E Ink to develop new e-paper products, while just this week the electronics giant announced that a second generation of its e-paper tablets would arrive in the U.S. in June for $700. Where ReMarkable is really looking to set itself apart from others in the space is through lower latency — that is, the time it takes between a user attempting to make an impression on the tablet and the mark actually showing up. For it to replicate real paper, the latency has to be super low, and ReMarkable claims to be able to drive its latency down to 55ms, though the model we tested was around 65ms. “Every other device we have tried has had much slower latency than this, usually upwards of about 100ms, which gives the feeling that the ink is chasing the pen,” a company spokesperson told VentureBeat. Though we weren’t able to carry out a thorough latency test during our brief hands-on earlier this month, our doodling and writing did reveal a more or less undetectable gap between putting pen to “paper” and the mark appearing. It really did feel as though we were working with paper, including the friction between the pen and the tablet. The story so far During the preorder phase, ReMarkable shifted more than 27,000 units, which amounted to over $11 million in sales. Though the ReMarkable has been available on preorder for six months already, the company has now confirmed that the full pricing for the device at launch will be $529, while the pen will set you back $79. Given that the tablet relies heavily on the pen, it is a little odd that the company would provide pricing for the ReMarkable without a pen, though it did confirm that it would be announcing a separate bundled price at a later date. It does seem that the company envisages people buying a unit purely for reading purposes, even though there are better and much cheaper e-readers on the market already. As things stand, ReMarkable expects to begin shipping the first preorder units in late August, and anyone ordering from today can expect their order to arrive in October. Though it’s far too early to say whether the ReMarkable will hit the sweet spot among the world’s writers and doodlers, part of me thinks that its price point will discourage many prospective buyers — beyond a hardcore niche group — from investing in one of these tablets. At around $600 for the tablet and pen, it’s not the sort of device someone would buy as a present for a friend or family member, and those who already own a scanner may decide to stick with their trusty ballpoint pen and notepad. That’s not to say that the ReMarkable doesn’t offer a significant number of add-on features for the digital age, it’s just that $600 is perhaps a little too pricey for what may ultimately prove to be more of a luxury item than a necessity for many. VB Recommendations Why shortcuts for Google Home are a total waste of time Are chatbots just another fad? Massless lets you write with a pen in virtual reality
Close Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Navigate Videos Features Reviews Ars Approved RSS Feeds Mobile Site About Ars Staff Directory Contact Us Advertise with Ars Reprints Filter by topic Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Settings Front page layout Grid List Unified Wide Site theme Black on white White on black Sign in Comment activity Sign up or login to join the discussions! Stay logged in | Having trouble? Sign up to comment and more Sign up Ars Technica UK Infinite Loop — Carpool Karaoke series rolls into Apple Music on August 8 The most anticipated Apple Music original show is finally coming out. Valentina Palladino - May 31, 2017 1:04 pm UTC Enlarge Apple reader comments 31 Share this story After announcing the show last summer, Apple has finally given a release date to its Carpool Karaoke series. The show, with half-hour long episodes, will debut on Apple Music on August 8, with new episodes coming every Tuesday. Further ReadingReport: Apple will go up against Netflix, HBO, others with scripted TV shows Carpool Karaoke: The Series is a spinoff of James Corden's popular segment on The Late Late Show with James Corden. According to Apple's statement, each episode will feature a new group of celebrities singing their favorite songs together in different situations. Released images show John Legend, Alicia Keys, Michael Strahan, Jeff Gordon, LeBron James, and James Corden making appearances, while Apple revealed Taraji P. Henson, Queen Latifah, Miley Cyrus and the entire Cyrus family, and Game of Thrones' Sophie Turner and Maisie Williams will also be on the show. James Corden is the show's creator and executive producer, but it doesn't appear he'll be joining every group of celebrities in every episode. The show was supposed to debut back in April, but Apple pushed the release back for undisclosed reasons. There's no word yet on how many episodes are in the first season, nor how many more seasons could come in the future. Carpool Karaoke: The Series will be available exclusively to Apple Music subscribers in more than 100 countries. James Corden will continue to do his own Carpool Karaoke segments on his show, and those video clips regularly trend on YouTube and glean millions of views. Corden's Carpool Karaoke video with Adele was the most viral video on YouTube in 2016. Carpool Karaoke: The Series isn't Apple's only original programming endeavor; the company is also working on Planet of the Apps, a Shark Tank-like reality show in which developers pitch their app ideas to celebrities including Will.I.Am in hopes of receiving support and funding. Valentina Palladino Valentina is the Associate Reviewer for Ars Technica, covering all gadgets with a focus on mobile devices and wearables. She has a soft spot for Chromebooks. Twitter @valentinalucia reader comments 31 Share this story You must login or create an account to comment. ← Previous story Next story → Related Stories Sponsored Stories Powered by Today on Ars RSS Feeds View Mobile Site Visit Ars Technica UK About Us Contact Us Staff Advertise with us Reprints CNMN Collection WIRED Media Group Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012). Your California Privacy Rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
Digital Trends Home > Movies & TV > Apple finally reveals ‘Carpool… Apple finally reveals ‘Carpool Karaoke’ debut date after unexplained delay By Trevor Mogg — Updated May 31, 2017 6:11 am Subscribe Share Subscribe on YouTube Don't Fall Behind Stay current with a recap of today's Tech News from Digital Trends Get today's popular Digital Trends articles in your inbox: Why it matters to you If you're an Apple Music subscriber, the new video content will give you a little more for your money. Apple has finally set the date for the launch of its Carpool Karaoke show. The in-car, A-list celebrity sing-along made famous by James Corden on The Late Late Show will be available to Apple Music subscribers starting August 8, the tech giant revealed on Tuesday. The weekly show is set to feature a slew of famous folks from the world of music, television, film, sports, and pop culture “buckling up and belting out their favorite songs for a road trip filled with comedy, conversation, and music.” So who exactly can viewers expect to see across the 16 original episodes of the debut season? According to Apple, celebrity pairings will include Will Smith and James Corden; Miley, Noah, Billy Ray, and the entire Cyrus family; Shakira and Trevor Noah; Game of Thrones stars Sophie Turner and Maisie Williams; Queen Latifah and Jada Pinkett Smith; John Legend, Alicia Keys and Taraji P. Henson; LeBron James and Corden; and “many more.” Apple released a Carpool Karaoke teaser (above) in February ahead of an expected April launch, but it was postponed for reasons unknown. Corden and director/producer Ben Winston created the format, with the very first effort featuring Corden and the late George Michael in a sketch aired by the BBC back in 2011. Talking about The Late Late Show‘s success with Carpool last year, Corden said, “It’s the interviews that I’m most proud of. Because the question is, what makes a good interview? Seeing someone in a way that you’ve never seen them before — finding something out about someone that you’ve never known before. And I feel like when I watch the interviews that we’ve done in cars with people, I’m like, ‘Oh, I’ve never seen the Red Hot Chili Peppers like that before,’ or, ‘I’ve never seen Elton John like that before.’ That’s it.” Carpool will also continue to appear as part of The Late Late Show on CBS.
rediff.com Rediff Business News Business Movies Sports Get Ahead  rediff NewsApp  NewsApp (Free)Read news as it happens Available on   Sign in  |  Create a Rediffmail account Rediff News  All News  Rediff.com  » Business » India offers homemade road map to Apple India offers homemade road map to Apple Last updated on: May 31, 2017 17:40 IST It had requested the government to grant it 15 years of duty-free import of components to assemble its iPhones in the country, sharing a road map to slowly indigenise products. India has offered its own electronics manufacturing road map to global tech giant Apple to comply with as it kick-starts local production of its flagship product iPhone and carve up a larger chunk of the country’s fast-growing smartphone market. “We have drawn a road map of indigenisation, in consultation with the industry over the past two years. We have shared it (with Apple) and asked them to align with it… we don’t need to give them any separate concessions. Apple said they will examine this and get back,” said Aruna Sundararajan, secretary to the Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology. Apple did not comment. It had requested the government to grant it 15 years of duty-free import of components to assemble its iPhones in the country, sharing a road map to slowly indigenise products. The government has instead chalked out its own National Policy on Electronics to achieve its goal of a $400-billion market in the sector by 2020. Earlier this month, the Cupertino-headquartered firm conducted a trial run for producing its low-cost iPhone SE at Taiwanese contract manufacturer Wistron’s facility in Bengaluru. Apple in a statement said its “Made in India” iPhones would hit store shelves in late May. “They have big plans for India and they definitely intend, as they have told us, to make all their products in the next phase, for which they are evaluating various options. The first thing they had requested was 15 years of duty-free imports of their components,” said Sundararajan. India has maintained that it would not offer any concessions specifically to Apple produce smartphones locally, but would instead come up with concessions that would benefit all smartphone makers looking to set up manufacturing operations in the country. It also rejected Apple’s request to set up local plants to refurbish used iPhones, which it intended to offer to local customers at lower prices. As it looks to expand its share beyond the 2-3 per cent in India’s 100-million smartphone market, Apple is looking at localisation of production in order to compete with Chinese rivals such as Xiaomi, Oppo and Vivo, apart from its primary rival Samsung. Currently, Apple sells four-year-old models such as the iPhone 5S to compete in India’s mid-level smartphone segment. “We continue to strengthen our local presence across the entire ecosystem, and we’re very optimistic about our future in this remarkable country with its very large, young, and tech-savvy population, a fast-growing economy, and improving 4G network infrastructure,” Tim Cook told investors during Apple’s most recent quarterly earnings call. The firm is looking at India as its next big market, at a time when iPhone sales have begun dropping in its two largest markets - the US and China. Photograph: Yves Herman/Reuters Kiran Rathee in New Delhi Source: Tags: India, Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology, Aruna Sundararajan, National Policy on Electronics, Apple Share this Write a Comment Print this article   ALSO READ MOST RECENT   MOST COMMENTED Apple, Facebook eye control of digital payments IP in India Will the Apple model work for Maruti? Why marketers are wooing Middle-Income India Why Jaitley's next Budget won't be just a pre-election exercise War on black money is only half-won 7 killed, 48 injured as terror strikes London again PHOTOS: India vs Pakistan, ICC Champions Trophy Indian Army ready to let women in combat roles, says Gen Bipin Rawat What Australia must do to beat Bangladesh French Open: Nishikori survives two-set-blackout to win all-Asian battle War on black money is only half-won Why dealers are spooked about GST roll-out From June 5, NDTV Profit will be off your TV screen Why Arun Jaitley's next Budget won't be just a pre-election exercise Are you eligible for this new tax scheme? Moneywiz Live! Business emailOffice email AppDomain registrationWebsiteRediffmailMoneyCompany emailOnline ShoppingBooksGiftsVideosBlogsBuzz India Business News  |  Indian Stock Market News  |  Bollywood Movies  |  Indian Cricket News  |  India News © 2017 Rediff.com - Investors - Advertise - Disclaimer - Privacy - Careers - Feedback | Terms of use ▲
Gadgets Software Hardware Mobile Phones Internet Apple Features Everything Else Search ADVERTISE SPONSORED POSTS ABOUT US PRIVACY CONTACT US Sign in Welcome! Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Get help Password recovery Recover your password your email A password will be e-mailed to you. TechShout Gadgets Software Hardware Mobile Phones Internet Apple Features Everything Else Home Apple Apple drops hint about 2017 MacBook Pro refresh Apple Apple drops hint about 2017 MacBook Pro refresh By Bindu Nair - May 31, 2017 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter tweet People looking to get the 2016 MacBook Pro should probably hold off on buying the laptop until after June 5. That’s because Apple is expected to announce a refresh of the series at its WWDC 2017 keynote. While the company hasn’t explicitly stated that it’s doing so, it is offering a clue in that regard indirectly through its website. MacRumors reports that Apple’s US online store is now showcasing a free delivery estimate of June 6 to 8 for the 15-inch MacBook Pro, much longer than the standard same day or next day timelines usually offered. The dates clearly coincide with the WWDC, leading many to believe that the company is preparing to launch new laptops at the event. The 13-inch MacBook Pro notably isn’t facing any such delays in delivery. The version without a Touch Bar may just get a price cut post WWDC since it’s apparently not doing as well as the variants with the feature. Apple apparently hopes that the drop will help sales. Also See: Apple patent transforms your iPhone or iPad into a MacBook Rumors so far have indicated that the new MacBook Pro models will mostly boast of internal upgrades rather than major design changes. This makes sense since it hasn’t even been a year since the 2016 edition of the notebooks came out. Apple had previously left a gap of nearly 1.5 years between MacBook Pro upgrades. The shorter update timeline may have something to do with the heavy criticism the 2016 model received in the months since its launch. The 2017 variant will likely address those criticisms with more efficient Intel Kaby Lake processors and up to 32GB of desktop-class RAM. Other than its MacBook Pro range, Apple may also upgrade its 12-inch MacBook series at the WWDC. We’ll keep you updated as and when more details unfold on June 5. SOURCEMacRumors TAGS 2016 MacBook Pro 2017 MacBook Pro apple Price SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleNokia 3, 5, 6 set to hit India starting from June 15 Next articleLG G6 gets a huge Rs 10000 price cut in India Bindu Nair RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR iPhone 8 gets compared to iPhone 7, Galaxy S8 iPhone 8 to sport 18.5:9 aspect ratio, just like the Galaxy S8 Tim Cook spotted testing blood sugar tracker for the Apple Watch 244,074FansLike 13,612FollowersFollow 14,445SubscribersSubscribe TRENDING All Alternatives Apple Cameras Download Features Gaming General Guide Hardware Home Entertainment Interesting Internet iPod News Laptops Mobile Phones Science Security Software Tablet Tech Reviews Telecom Wireless More Samsung outs Pirates of the Caribbean-themed Galaxy S8 Bindu Nair - Jun 3, 2017 0 OnePlus 5 retail box, price leaked Bertila Helena - Jun 3, 2017 0 Google Chrome’s getting an in-built ad-blocker in 2018 Bindu Nair - Jun 3, 2017 0 Load more ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT © TechShout.com 2016
News UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Indy/Life Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports Formula 1 US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: News Business Business News Housing market slowdown worsens as mortgage lending falls to weakest since Brexit vote Lending grew £2.7bn, the least since April 2016, the figures from the Bank of England show Ben Chapman Wednesday 31 May 2017 13:25 BST Click to follow The Independent Online Lenders approved 64,645 home loans in April falling from 66,043 in March, and the fewest since September Daniel Lynch Net mortgage lending fell to its weakest since before the Brexit vote in a further sign that the housing market is running out of steam. Mortgage lending grew £2.7bn, the least since April 2016, new data from the Bank of England shows. Lenders approved 64,645 home loans in April, the lowest monthly figure since September, and well below average forecasts in a Reuters poll of economists. Read more Affordability crisis causes fall in London house prices and home sales Halifax reported earlier this month that house prices fell 0.2 per cent in the three months to April, their first quarterly decline in more than four years. Meanwhile, consumers took advantage of low interest rates to rack up an extra £1.5bn of unsecured debt in April. Consumer credit has risen by 10.3 per cent in the past twelve months, the Bank of England said.  That suggests shoppers may be compensating for rising prices by taking on cheap debt to finance purchases. GfK said in a separate report on Wednesday that the full impact of the squeeze on purchasing power has “yet to hit home” after its monthly index of confidence rose this month. Business picture of the day 29 show all Business picture of the day 1/29 UK car production slumps by nearly a fifth in April as timing of Easter bites - Thursday May 24 UK car manufacturing plummeted by almost a fifth in April, as the timing of Easter ate into the number of production days in the month. Reuters 2/29 Marks and Spencer reports slump in profit hurt by clothing sales and cost of new food stores - Wednesday 24 May High street stalwart Marks and Spencer has reported a more than 60 per cent fall in pre-tax profit in the year to the end of March, hurt by a decline in clothing sales and higher costs from opening new food stores. Pre-tax profit came in at £176.4m for the year, while sales were broadly steady at £10.6bn. Food revenue was up 4.2 per cent. Reuters 3/29 Apple named world’s most value company in tech-dominated Forbes ranking - Tuesday 23 May Tech behemoth Apple has been named the most valuable brand in the world for a seventh consecutive year. The highly-regarded ranking, compiled by Forbes magazine, puts the iPhone makers’ brand value at $170bn, a 10 per cent increase on figure for 2016 and well ahead of second-placed Google, whose brand value has risen $19.3bn from last year to just under $102bn, according to Forbes. Tech peer Microsoft nabbed third spot, with a value of $87bn, followed by Facebook at $73.5bn. Consumer goods giant Coca-Cola rounds out the top five with a value of $56.4bn. Reuters 4/29 Diamond ring bought for £10 at car boot sale expected to fetch £350,000 at auction - Monday 22 May A large, diamond ring is expected to fetch £350,000 at auction 30 years after its owner paid £10 for it at a car boot sale, thinking it was a costume jewel. The “exceptionally-sized” stone was presumed not to be real because 19th Century diamonds were not cut to show off their brilliance like today's gems. And so the owner, unaware of its value, wore it for decades, while doing everything from the shopping to the chores. PA 5/29 $110 Basquiat sold by Family who bought it for $19,000 - Friday 19 May Jean-Michel Basquiat’s painting of a skull sold for $110.5 million at Sotheby’s in New York, setting an auction record for American artists and providing a windfall for the daughter of two collectors who purchased it for $19,000 in 1984. Getty Images 6/29 Peppa Pig owner Entertainment One announces 117 new episodes - Friday 19 May The company that owns the Peppa Pig brand has announced that it is producing 117 new episodes for the popular children’s cartoon. The new series will air from spring 2019 and take the total number of Peppa Pig episodes to 381. Getty 7/29 Property tycoon who banned 'coloured people because of curry smells' faces legal action - Thursday 18 May A buy-to-let tycoon who banned “coloured people” from his properties “because of curry smells” is facing legal action brought by the equality watchdog. Millionaire Fergus Wilson, who reportedly owns close to 1,000 properties in Kent, sent an email to a local letting agency informing them of the ban. Commission chief executive, Rebecca Hilsenrath, said: “We have asked the court if it agrees with us that Mr Wilson’s lettings policy contains unlawful criteria and, if so, to issue an injunction. “As this is now formal legal action we will release further information at a later date.” Gareth Fuller/PA 8/29 Nestlé foiled by Cadbury as it loses bid to trademark KitKat bar - Wednesday 17 May KitKat-maker Nestlé has been foiled again, after a UK Court of Appeal ruled that the consumer goods giant cannot trademark the shape of its popular four-fingered chocolate bar. The ruling is the latest in a long running legal battle between the Swiss-based company and its rival Cadbury. Nestlé argues that the KitKat’s shape is “iconic” and should be protected by law but Cadbury objects. On Wednesday, the Court of Appeal ruled in favour of Cadbury, dismissing the claim. iStock 9/29 Yorkshire is the best region in the UK for workplace happiness - Tuesday 16 May The best region in Britain for workplace happiness and satisfaction is Yorkshire and the Humber, according to new research. London only managed to make it to number five for happiness and came bottom for work satisfaction, according to research commissioned by recruitment agency Robert Half. The findings may give pause for thought to many workers in the capital putting up with sky-high property prices in the hope of landing their dream job. 10/29 Andy Murray funds company behind world's first foldable bike helmet - Monday May 15 He may be almost unbeatable on the tennis court, but how will Andy Murray fare in the world of investing? On Monday, a company that claims to make the world's first folding bike helmet announced that the tennis pro was one of more than 400 individuals who had helped it raise nearly £700,000 on crowdfunding platform Seedrs. Morpher’s bike helmets fold and unfold, meaning that they can easily be slipped into a bag when not in use, catering to cyclists who find normal helmets cumbersome to carry around. Morpher 11/29 Morrisons will sell 'wonky avocados' for just 39p from Monday as demand hit record levels - Friday May 12 Morrisons will start selling deformed avocados at a third of the average cost of normally-shaped ones as growing demand and reduced harvests from major producers has pushed up prices in recent weeks. The supermarket said on Friday that it would start selling the misshapen and superficially blemished fruits for 39p each or £2.40 a kilogramme in the majority of its stores across the UK starting from 15 May until the end of the summer. Morrisons claims that its offer is the cheapest on the UK market and compares to an average retail price of £1.05 apiece, which is up from 98p last year. Morrisons 12/29 Unilever develops technology to prevent billions of plastic sachets from entering into oceans - Thuesday 11 May Unilever, the consumer goods giant behind brands such as Dove, Ben & Jerry’s and Marmite, is making a big push toward more sustainable packaging. The company sells billions of products in single-use sachets each year, including cosmetics and food products, particularly in developing and emerging markets. It says that it has now developed new technology to recycle them, which will prevent packaging from ending up in our oceans or in landfill. Through a system called CreaSolv Process, the plastic from the sachets will be recovered and then used to create new ones for Unilever products – creating a full circular economy approach. Unilever 13/29 Euro hits a six-month high after Emmanuel Macron’s French presidential victory - Monday 8 May The euro hit a six-month high against the dollar on Monday and US stock futures briefly touched a record high after Emmanuel Macron won the French presidential election, easily beating anti-EU rival Marine le Pen. Reuters 14/29 Princess Charlotte's John Lewis cardigan from birthday photo sells out - Tuesday 2 May A knitted yellow John Lewis cardigan adorned with pictures of sheep has sold out after Princess Charlotte was photographed wearing the item, prompting a surge in demand from British parents wanting to dress their offspring like the young royal. John Lewis confirmed that the clothing item sold out online shortly after the photograph was published, although a coordinating prink dress, selling for £10 on the John Lewis’ website, was still available on Tuesday morning. HRH The Duchess of Cambridge via Getty Images 15/29 Dubai becomes first city in world with own Microsoft font - Monday 1 May Dubai has become the first city in the world to get its own front, the government announced on Sunday. The type face, simply called “Dubai Font”, comes in both Arabic and Latin script and will be available in 23 languages. It was created in partnership with Microsoft and is now available to Microsoft Office 365 users around the world. Getty 16/29 Donald Trump administration loses trade battle over tuna as WTO lets Mexico hit US with sanctions - Wednesday April 26 The US has just lost a major trade battle with Mexico and it revolved around tuna. On Tuesday, the World Trade Organisation ruled that Mexico is allowed to impose $163m (£127m) a year in sanctions against the US on trade in tuna, ending a years-long dispute. The clash, which dates back to 2008, centred on the US insisting that any Mexican tuna sold in the US must have a ‘dolphin safe’ guarantee, meaning that no dolphins were killed by fishermen catching the tuna. Reuters 17/29 Luxury brand LVMH to snap up Christian Dior for £10bn - Tuesday 25 April French billionaire Bernard Arnault moved to consolidate control over Christian Dior for about €12.1bn (£10.3bn), folding the fashion house’s operations into the LVMH luxury empire in one of his biggest transactions. Rex 18/29 Euro and shares rally after Emmanuel Macron wins first voting round of French election - Monday 24 April The euro briefly surged to a five-month high against a basket of currencies late Sunday after centrist candidate Emmanuel Macron won the first round of a hotly contested French election vote, an outcome broadly considered the most market-friendly. Immediately after the vote, the euro surged to $1.0940, its highest level against the dollar since November last year, before retreating to around $1.0869. Reuters 19/29 Barbie out of fashion as Mattel slumps - Friday 21 April Mattel shares took a hit after the world’s largest toy company reported a much worse than expected sales slump dragged down by poor demand for key brands such as Barbie and Fisher-Price. Shares in the company dropped 6 per cent to $23.70 (£18.50) in after-hours trading in New York on Thursday after the toymaker reported a loss of $133.2m or 33 cents per share for the three months to 31 March. Barbie sales, which begun to recover last year after the toymaker introduced new dolls with different body types and skin colours, slipped again with gross sales down 13 per cent compared to a year ago - their second consecutive quarter of decline. AFP/Getty 20/29 Government to sell Green Investment Bank to Macquarie in £2.3bn deal - Thursday 20 April The British Government said on Thursday it would sell Green Investment Bank to a consortium led by Macquarie Bank in a deal worth £2.3bn. The British Government set up GIB, which backs green projects with public funds, in 2012 as a commercial venture to spur private investment in green projects. It has invested more than £2bn in projects such as offshore wind farms and waste management. The Government decided to sell a majority stake in 2015, saying it would give the bank more freedom to borrow, remove state aid restrictions and allow it to attract more capital. AFP/ Getty Images 21/29 Snap election threatens Government plan to finally lower energy bills - Wednesday 19 April Energy customers face further delays from government in dealing with with soaring bills, MPs heard on Wednesday. Business secretary Greg Clark accused companies of “flagrant mistreatment” and “milking” their customers in a “broken” market, but insisted the snap general election announced by Theresa May on Tuesday meant he would “have to reflect on the timing” to lay out his long-awaited plans for a crackdown. Getty/iStockphoto 22/29 Pound sterling surges as Theresa May calls for 8 June general election - Tuesday 18 April The pound surged against the dollar on Tuesday to its highest level since last December after Prime Minister Theresa May said she wanted a general election on 8 June. When Ms May announced she wanted a new national poll, at around 11.05am, the pound instantly jumped, climbing to $1.2765 by the end of trading, up 1.62 per cent on the day and the highest since 13 December. It was also sterling's biggest one day jump since March 2016. 23/29 China's first quarter growth beats expectations - Monday 17 April This aerial photo taken on April 12, 2017 shows farmers working in the fields in Yangzhou, in eastern China's Jiangsu province. ina's growth stabilised in the first quarter thanks to rising investments and a recovery in exports. cording to an AFP survey of 16 economic analysts, the gross domestic product expanded 6.8 percent in the first three months of this year Getty Images 24/29 Rome’s Trevi Fountain generates €1.4m for city’s charities in 2016 - Thursday April 13 Rome’s Trevi Fountain was a veritable cash cow for the Eternal city’s charities in 2016, according to new data. The charity Caritas said this week that tourists tossed €1.4m (£1.2m) into the baroque fountain last year, helping to subsidise a supermarket for Rome’s needy Andreas Solaro/AFP/Getty Images 25/29 Pret and Paul offer discount to customers who bring their own coffee cup - Monday April 10 French bakery group Paul and sandwich chain Pret a Manger will begin offering discounts to customers bringing in their own reusable cups, yielding to pressure from environmental groups concerned about the mountains of cardboard waste generated in the UK each year. 26/29 Doritos, Coco Pops, Peperami among latest products to be hit by shrinkflation - Thursday April 6 Bags of Doritos, packets Peperami and boxes Coco Pops have become the latest treats to shrink in size as retailers passed on surging costs from the Brexit-hit pound and rising commodity prices. 27/29 Cuban family making their own wine brand using condoms - Wednesday April 5 family wine business in Cuba is thriving thanks in part to an unconventional item being added into the fermentation process – condoms. As a result of the US trade embargo and other inefficiencies of Cuba's economy, thousands of basic household items are inaccessible to Cubans meaning that sometimes a little creativity is required to get the job done. At El Canal, a winery in Havana, Orestes Estevez and his family fill glass jugs with grapes, ginger and hibiscus, before securing a condom over each glass jug Allowing Heathrow to expand will create “a serious obstacle” to meeting the UK’s commitments on climate change and reducing air pollution, a leading scientist has warned. AP 28/29 'Pink Star' diamond sells for world record £57m in Hong Kong auction - Tuesday April 4 A rare pink diamond dubbed the “Pink Star” has become the world's most expensive gemstone to sell at auction, coming under the hammer in Hong Kong on Tuesday for $71.2m (£57.3m). The oval-cut 59.6 carat jewel, discovered in a mine in Africa by De Beers in 1999, is the largest fancy vivid pink diamond, categorised as “flawless” or “internally flawless”, that the Gemological Institute of America (GIA) has ever graded. It sold after a five-minute bidding war, that started at $56m, to Hong Kong jewellery retailer Chow Tai Fook at Sotheby's. AP 29/29 Stopping climate change could boost the world economy by £15 trillion - Tuesday March 21 Efforts to slow climate change won’t just keep the planet habitable. They will also boost the world economy by $19 trillion (£15.2 trillion). Investments in renewable power and energy efficiency will add about 0.8 per cent to global gross domestic product by 2050, the International Renewable Energy Agency, or Irena, said Monday in a report produced for the German government. Governments are committing resources to green energy in a bid to keep warming within 2 degrees Celsius (3.6 Fahrenheit), of pre-industrial conditions, in accordance with the landmark Paris Agreement on global warming. Getty Consumer demand is not slowing as rapidly as a slump in official first-quarter retail sales data had previously suggested, though rising inflation - fuelled by increased energy costs and the pound's slump after the Brexit vote - has not yet fully filtered through to households. Laith Khalaf, senior analyst at Hargreaves Lansdown said: “The one saving grace for UK consumers is mortgage interest rates are still at extremely low levels, highlighting the bind that the Bank of England finds itself in.  “Despite rising inflation it’s really in no position to raise interest rates anytime soon without damaging the engine of the British economy. Consequently we can still expect UK interest rates to remain low for some considerable time yet.” More about: Mortgages housing market Brexit Consumer Credit Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
International Business Times UK UK World Business Politics Fintech Technology Science Sport Entertainment Opinion Video Pictures Log out Newsletter Signup Smartphones Cybersecurity Innovation Social Media Games Motoring Technology Buying a new MacBook this week is a really bad idea - here's why Apple is expected to update its MacBook range at its annual WWDC event on 5 June. By Alistair Charlton May 31, 2017 13:13 BST Put that MacBook down. Apple is set to update its laptop range on 5 JuneReuters Step away from the Apple Store and put your credit card away, because now is a really bad time to buy a new MacBook. Let us explain. Apple's annual Worldwide Developer Conference, or WWDC, kicks off on 5 June with a keynote address led by company CEO Tim Cook. New products are always expected from WWDC, but this year the volume of rumours surrounding an update to Apple's laptop lineup mean you should hold off for now. The MacBook Pro, MacBook Air and regular MacBook lines are all expected to be updated at WWDC, according to Bloomberg, which has a strong track record for Apple gossip. The website reported: "Apple is planning three new laptops, according to people familiar with the matter. The MacBook Pro will get a faster Kaby Lake processor from Intel Corp...Apple is also working on a new version of the 12in MacBook with a faster Intel chip. The company is also considering updating the aging 12in MacBook Air with a new processor as sales of the laptop, Apple's cheapest, remain surprisingly strong, one of the people said." By adopting Kaby Lake processors, the MacBook Pro range is expected to get a boost to both performance and battery life. The entire Mac lineup is marked as 'don't buy' or 'caution' by the MacRumors buying guide, which tracks how often Apple traditionally updates each product, then states how many days it has been since the last refresh and whether consumers should buy now or wait. At the time of publication, the MacBook, Apple's smallest laptop, has not been updated for 407 days compared to an average of 375 days. The MacBook Air, however, has gone 814 days since an update compared to an average of 350. The MacBook Pro is the newest of the Apple laptop family, having seen an update 216 days ago. This is just over 100 days short of the computer's average, but MacRumors has applied a caution note to it regardless. Further evidence of a refresh comes from the online Apple Store, which reports a week-long delivery time for some models of MacBook Pro, suggesting that stock is drying up in anticipation of something new. As Apple blog 9to5Mac states: "When shipping dates lapse at the Apple Online Store, it is often a good indicator that a new version is coming soon. When those dates coincide with an Apple event, it's an even stronger signal." The iMac, Apple's desktop computer, is also well overdue an update at 596 days compared to an average of 317 and the Mac Mini sits at 958 days, over double the average update cycle. But, for now, all rumours point towards WWDC 2017 being about MacBooks - and an Amazon Echo rival dubbed the Siri Speaker. More Apple news from IBTimes UK Siri Speaker, iOS 11, new Macs and more: What to expect from Apple's WWDC 2017 Apple may launch 10.5in iPad Pro alongside Siri Speaker at WWDC 2017 Apple is yet to crack the home tech market: Will the Siri Speaker change this? Related topics : Apple Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close Video game news round-up: Overwatch moon map, Nintendo Switch Online & Pokemon Go's summer plans Columnists Iqbal Wahhab “As a Muslim restaurant owner in Borough Market, this attack sickens me READ MORE How the world's biggest tech firms reacted to Trump's climate deal exit Zuckerberg, Dorsey, Musk and Cook join the high-profile names to slam... Google London HQ vs Apple Park: Battle of the world's best offices How Google's new London headquarters compares to Apple Park, opening... Stratolaunch: Amazing facts about the world's biggest plane With Paul Allen's super plane close to take-off here are five things... 'This is how you offer support?' Twitter slams Trump for pushing travel ban during London attack Trump's first tweet came even before the nature of the London Bridge... Bahrain foreign minister's Twitter account hacked following Qatar news hack controversy The hackers posted a slew of disturbing images and threats against... Toyota is working on a flying car Toyota has invested 42.5 million yen in startup Cartivator Resource... Google Chrome to block all adverts on websites that annoy users with intrusive pop-ups Google's ad blocker will allow ads as long as websites follow... Here's how you can improve performance of Windows 10 PC Check out the top tips to speed up your Windows 10 device. Five hopes for Sony and PS4 at E3 2017: Sucker Punch, keeping Kojima away, PSVR and more What we want to see from Sony at its E3 2017 press conference. 'Your hypocrisy is mind-numbing': Twitter roasts Ivanka Trump over LGBTQ Pride tweets 'Your words mean nothing to us,' one Twitter user wrote. Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS
Share Tweet Can Donald Trump persuade Apple to build the iPhone 8 in the US? Search Macworld All All News Reviews Features How-Tos Downloads Apple Apple News Apple Reviews Mac Mac Reviews MacBook Reviews Mac News How To Mac Software Reviews Mac Software Downloads iPad iPad Reviews iPad App Reviews iPad News iPad How To iPhone iPhone Reviews iPhone App Reviews iPhone News iPhone How To News Apple Mac Mac Software iPad iPhone iOS Apps Reviews MacBook iMac Mac Pro Mac mini Mac Software iPhone iPad iPod iOS Apps Apple TV Apple Watch iOS and Mac Accessories How To Mac Mac Software iPad iPhone iOS Apps Forums Macworld forum Deals Open Menu Share This fb tw am yt rss Hot Topics New iPad 2017 review Best free Mac games iPhone tips iPhone 8 rumours Latest Apple Deals » Home News iPhone News Where will the iPhone 8 be built? Where will the iPhone 8 be built? Donald Trump wants Apple to build its iPhones in the US. Can he succeed with the iPhone 8? by David Price | 31 May 17 Donald Trump spent much of his presidential campaign complaining about Apple and its offshore manufacturing operations, and promising he would make the company build its iPhones in the US. Now he's trying to make his promises a reality. In this article we discuss where the iPhone 8 is likely to be built. Read more: Where are Apple products made? Speaking to the New York Times, Trump claimed to have spoken on the phone with Tim Cook and reached a degree of understanding about the matter. "I got a call from Tim Cook at Apple," reported Trump, "and I said, 'Tim, you know one of the things that will be a real achievement for me is when I get Apple to build a big plant in the United States, or many big plants in the United States, where instead of going to China, and going to Vietnam, and going to the places that you go to, you're making your product right here.' He said, 'I understand that.'" Apple has its reasons for building its smartphones in Asia, of course: labour costs are lower and there is, according to Cook, a shortage of relevant skills in the US. Moving manufacturing to America would lose Apple a lot of money. But Trump thinks he can sweeten the deal. "I said: 'I think we'll create the incentives for you, and I think you're going to do it. We're going for a very large tax cut for corporations, which you'll be happy about.' But we're going for big tax cuts, we have to get rid of regulations, regulations are making it impossible." What Trump did not claim - and past behaviour suggests he'd be singing it from the rooftops - is that Cook actually agreed to any of this, even in principle. Since then, Trump has stated in an interview with Axios that Tim Cook has his "eyes open" to the idea of building iPhones in the US, and that he "really believes [Cook] loves this country and I think he'd like to do something major here", whatever that means. Foxconn's US expansion There was another twist in this tale when it emerged on 7 December 2016 that iPhone manufacturer Foxconn is indeed pondering an expansion of its (currently relatively small-scale) US operations, in a move that is apparently expected to involve $7bn of investment and create 50,000 jobs. Eagle-eyed journalists spotted that paperwork being shown off to publicise SoftBank's US investment deal also featured Foxconn's logo, and appeared to suggest that the second figure in each pair of numbers referred to that company. (Picture credit: CNBC) Foxconn has since confirmed that it is in talks about expanding its US operations, although it has declined to comment on the figures given. "While the scope of the potential investment has not been determined, we will announce the details of any plans following the completion of direct discussions between our leadership and the relevant US officials," the firm said in a statement, according to Reuters. Tags: iPhone , Rumour Share this article Share Tweet Send ﻿ Hi. I saw this on Macworld UK and thought you should see it too. Comments Comments Advertisement What is Nvidia Max-Q? Lola Dupre illustrates When Your Child Is a Psychopath What to expect at WWDC 2017 Apple News Apple Reviews Apple How To Macworld Magazine Apple Deals Mac Forums Tech Advisor France - Tests complets, conseils Apple Mac iPhone Reviews iPad Reviews Mac Downloads About Macworld Contact Site Map Information for advertisers Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Cookies UK Tech Weekly Podcast:Soundcloud/ iTunes Follow Macworld on Twitter Follow Macworld on Facebook © Copyright 2017 IDG UK. All Rights Reserved.
Mon, Jun 05, 2017 | Updated 09.37 AM IST HI, Follow Us: MY PROFILE NEWSLETTER LOGOUT SIGN INFollow Us: Gadgets Now Gadgets Now TOI Home News Tech News Jobs Social IT Services Mobiles PCs Apps Gaming Computing More Gadgets Panasonic India targets Rs 1,150cr revenue from B2B business in FY18 Google Doodle caricatures actress Nutan on her 81st birth anniversary Government installs new radar technology for more precise weather details Scientists discover a 'cold' dwarf planet near the Sun Toyota ends electric-car development deal with Tesla: Report Samsung India to launch technical schools in Jamshedpur and Bengaluru China's Baidu inks deal with German firms to make self-driving cars Google will now reward $2,00,000 for finding an Android bug Apple WWDC 2017: How to watch the live stream Top tech news of the week (May 29 - June 2) FOLLOW US shop FOLLOW US Gadgets Mobile Phones Tablets Laptops Cameras Televisions Power banks Smart watches Air conditioners Washing machines Refrigerators Fitness bands FOLLOW US Reviews FOLLOW US compare Mobile Phones Laptops Tablets Cameras Televisions Power banks Smart watches Air conditioners Washing machines Refrigerators Fitness bands FOLLOW US Slideshows FOLLOW US Videos FOLLOW US Brands Apple Samsung Google Sony HTC Karbonn LG Micromax Microsoft OnePlus Oppo Spice Xiaomi Acer HP InFocus Lenovo Dell FOLLOW US Infographics Checklist How To FOLLOW US Featured FOLLOW US infocus Specials ALL ShopGadgets Gadgets Now » News » Tech News » This may be biggest hint about Apple iPhone 8's all-new design This may be biggest hint about Apple iPhone 8's all-new designGadgets Now Bureau According to a report in DigiTimes, Apple iPhone 8 could come with a completely new design with an elongated display. | May 31, 2017, 04.25 PM IST 00:46 This may be biggest hint about Apple iPhone 8's all-new design Related Videos This may be biggest hint about... NEW DELHI: The latest leak related to the upcoming Apple flagship smartphone -- iPhone 8 -- hint at a shape change. The leaks come courtesy one of the Apple's biggest manufacturing partners, chipset maker TSMC. TSMC reportedly indicated these design changes of the 'iPhone 8' at its recent 'TSMC 2017 NA Technology Symposium' held in Taipei earlier this month. According to a report in DigiTimes, Apple iPhone 8 could come with a completely new design with an elongated display. The report says that the smartphone will have an 18.5:9 aspect ratio, similar to the one in the Galaxy S8 and LG G6 smartphones. View As Photolist » 7 'new features' iPhones may get in September 18 7 'new features' iPhones may get in September Apple recently announced the dates of WWDC 2017, its biggest software event of the year. Like past many years, this time too the event will see the company unveiling the next- generation of its iOS operating system, iOS 11. The iOS powers the company's iPhones and iPads. The all-new iOS will debut with the company's 2017 edition of iPhones in September and will also be rolled out to previous-generation (eligible devices) iPhones. Here are seven 'new features' that Apple iPhones are speculated to get in September 2017. Transcribe Voicemail into text While this feature is already available in iOS 10, its limited to the OS’ beta versions only. It allows users to transcribe all their voicemails to texts. 'All-new' Siri Rumours claim that the Cupertino-based technology giant is planning a slew of changes for its digital assistant. These reportedly include ability to use Siri offline. Another rumoured feature is Siri may get across-platform support, which means it can follow a command you gave on your iPhone on your iPad. The company is also said to be working on changing the voice of Siri. Reports claim that Apple is working on making Siri sound more natural and less robotic. Augmented Reality This is supposed to be one of the biggest features of the upcoming iPhones. The company is said to be betting big on it. Earlier this year, CEO Tim Cook termed AR 'as a big idea like the smartphone'. The famous Apple analyst KGI Securities Ming-Chi Kuo too said that Apple's upcoming iPhone, dubbed iPhone 8, will support 3D sensing, AR and biometric authentication. In a note to clients, Kuo reportedly wrote that a pair of sensors on the FaceTime camera will help iPhone 8 provide features ranging from 3D sensing and modelling to advanced biometric authentication. Drop support for 32-bit Apple is reportedly all set to drop 32-bit support with the iOS 11 release. The company has been warning about this to developers since February this year. This means that the apps that haven't been updated to support 64-bit processor will not work on Apple's next version of operating system, iOS 11. Some 200,000 apps on App store are said to be become obsolete due to this. (Image Courtesy: findicons.com) Dark Mode iOS 11 may finally bring ‘Dark mode’ to iPhones and iPads. The feature is already available in beta version(s) of iOS 10 and may finally be rolled out to all users with the new mobile operating system. Group FaceTiming calling Group FaceTime calling is one of the biggest features of Microsoft's Skype that has been missing in Apple's chat app Facetime. With iOS 11, the company is speculated to add 'group calling' to Facetime. Improved Maps Attempting to catch up to rival Google Maps, Apple is reportedly planning to use a fleet of drones to improve its mapping data. The company is believed to have assembled a team of data collection experts and robotics, responsible for mapping location and map data using drones, instead of the regular mini vans with cameras and other sensors. The new aspect ratio will reportedly help the manufacturers to increase the size of the display without hampering its one-hand usage. But at the same time, it is also expected to make app developers to rework on the user interface. As they will need to customize their apps to utilise the new display size and aspect ratio. The extended display is being rumoured to be called as the 'function area'. The report further adds that Apple is also removing the 'home button' in its upcoming iPhone device. Scheduled to be rolled out in the second half of 2017, the company is expected to integrate Touch ID right into the display. Apple iPhone 8 rumours hint at an 'optical fingerprint sensor' The new iPhones are also expected to sport infrared image sensors ‘to enhance the functionality of high-pixel camera’ and for augmented reality applications, as per the report. Earlier rumours have claimed almost a bezel-less design for the 2017 edition of Apple iPhones. Past alleged leaks and renders have shown designs with a display extanding all the way from top to bottom, including the area where the home button lies. Quoting TSMC an iclarified report also says that the new iPhone devices "will also come with invisible infrared image sensors to enhance the functionality of high-pixel camera and to enable AR applications." Recently, a tipster going by the name Benjamin Geskin (@venyageskin1) on Twitter said that the launch keynote of iPhone 8, 7s and the 7s Plus will take place on September 17. It has been further mentioned that the device's sales will begin on September 25. However, it's still not clear if this is the date for the US or other regions and for which model. For the latest news, tech news, breaking news headlines and live updates checkout Gadgetsnow.com See Also Apple iPhone 7 Plus (Jet Black, 128GB)₹ 65900 BUY NOW Apple iPhone 6 (Space Grey, 32GB)₹ 25999 BUY NOW Apple iPhone 5s (Silver, 16GB)₹ 16429 BUY NOW Apple IPhone 8 specifications Summary performance Quad core display 5.0" (12.7 cm) storage 32 GB camera 12 MP battery 2350 mAh ram 4 GB special features fingerprint sensor position Front other sensors Light sensor, Proximity sensor, Accelerometer, Barometer, Compass, Gyroscope fingerprint sensor Yes general quick charging Yes operating system iOS v10 sim slots Single SIM, GSM model iPhone 8 launch date August 5, 2017 (Unofficial) brand Apple sim size SIM1: Nano network 4G: Available (supports Indian bands) 3G: Available, 2G: Available fingerprint sensor Yes multimedia fm radio No audio jack 3.5 mm performance chipset Apple A11 processor Quad core, 2.5 GHz architecture 64 bit ram 4 GB design build material Case: MetalBack: Metal waterproof Yes Water resistant display display type OLED pixel density 441 ppi screen size 5.0 inches (12.7 cm) screen resolution Full HD (1080 x 1920 pixels) touch screen Yes Capacitive Touchscreen, Multi-touch storage internal memory 32 GB expandable memory Yes Up to 256 GB camera settings Exposure compensation, ISO control aperture 2.2 F camera features 10 x Digital Zoom, 2 x Optical Zoom, Auto Flash, Face detection, Simultaneous HD video and image recording, Touch to focus image resolution 4608 x 2592 Pixels sensor Back-illuminated sensor (BSI) autofocus Yes shooting modes Continuos Shooting, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR), Burst mode resolution 7 MP Front Camera optical image stabilisation Yes flash Yes Retina Flash video recording 1920x1080 @ 30 fps battery user replaceable No quick charging Yes wireless charging Yes type Li-ion capacity 2350 mAh network connectivity wifi Yes Wi-Fi 802.11, a/ac/b/g/n/n 5GHz wifi features Mobile Hotspot bluetooth Yes v4.2 volte Yes usb connectivity USB 2.0 nfc Yes network support 4G (supports Indian bands), 3G, 2G gps Yes with A-GPS, Glonass sim 1 4G Bands:TD-LTE 2300(band 40) FD-LTE 1800(band 3)3G Bands: UMTS 1700 / 1900 / 2100 / 850 / 900 MHz2G Bands: GSM 1800 / 1900 / 850 / 900 MHz 4G Speed: 50 Mbit/s ? 450 Mbit/s ? (LTE category 9)3G Speed: HSDPA 42.2 Mbit/s ?, HSUPA 5.76 Mbit/s ?GPRS:Available EDGE:Available sim size SIM1: Nano Subscribe and get the top tech news of the day Delivered to your mailbox[Change Setting] Connect with us FOLLOWERS1.5m FOLLOWERS250k FOLLOWERS35k RELATED In the store Lenovo Vibe K5 (Grey)₹ 7499 BUY OnePlus 3T (Gunmetal, 6GB RAM + 64GB memory)₹ 29999 BUY Moto G Play, 4th Gen (Black)₹ 7999 BUY Samsung On5 Pro (Gold)₹ 7990 BUY Samsung On5 Pro (Gold)₹ 7999 BUY SanDisk Ultra MicroSDHC 16GB UHS-I Class 10 Memory Card (SDSQUNB-016G-GN3MN)₹ 399 BUY JBL C300SI On-Ear Dynamic Wired Headphones (Black Color)₹ 799 BUY Apple iPhone 6 (Space Grey, 32GB)₹ 26599 BUY Coolpad Note 5 Lite (Space Grey, 3GB RAM + 16 GB)₹ 8199 BUY Huawei Honor 8 Lite 4GB (Black,64GB)₹ 16749 BUY From around the web From GADGETSNOW Recommended By Colombia From Around the Web From GADGETSNOW Recommended By Colombia Comments Sort By:Up VotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Characters Remaining: 3000 OR PROCEED WITHOUT REGISTRATION Share on FacebookShare on Twitter SIGN IN WITHFacebookGoogleEmail Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. X Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message Latest News ADV: 5 best customised products available in the Indian market Panasonic India targets Rs 1,150cr revenue from B2B business in FY18 Google Doodle caricatures actress Nutan on her 81st birth anniversary Government installs new radar technology for more precise weather details Scientists discover a 'cold' dwarf planet near the Sun Toyota ends electric-car development deal with Tesla: Report IN THE STORE From around the Web More From GadgetsNow Recommended By Colombia Read moreiphone 8 oled displayiphone 8 displayiphone 8Apple iPhone 8Apple Most Popular JioFiber Preview Offer with three months free service coming in June: Report Cognizant to fired employees: Take nine months salary and leave on good terms 16-yr-old US boy's tweet breaks world record Cognizant employees up in arms as news of more layoffs spreads Apple iPhone 5s, iPhone SE set to get big price cuts in India Zomato hacked, data of 17 million users stolen: Report Here's why you may get big discounts on smartphones in June Reliance Jio, Airtel in 'tariff war' again OnePlus to discontinue its 5-month-old smartphone, OnePlus 3T Indian IT giants may see big job cuts Twitter "bots" may help drive social movements: study 'Wait for Diwali Dhamaka, Indian smartphone market Bahubali will strike back' YouTube for Android gets a revamped UI with bottom navigation bar Microsoft testing a new smartphone with a never-seen-before Windows Mobile OS: Report IT major Tech Mahindra accused of illegal job cuts Facebook refuses to remove revenge porn post: Report Moto teases Z2 Play smartphone, India launch details tipped Nest plans to bring Google's facial tech to its products Chess-playing robot steals the show at Taiwan tech fair 1This may be biggest hint about Apple iPhone 8's all-new design 2Twitter "bots" may help drive social movements: study 3'Wait for Diwali Dhamaka, Indian smartphone market Bahubali will strike back' 4YouTube for Android gets a revamped UI with bottom navigation bar 5Microsoft testing a new smartphone with a never-seen-before Windows Mobile OS: Report 6IT major Tech Mahindra accused of illegal job cuts 7Facebook refuses to remove revenge porn post: Report 8Moto teases Z2 Play smartphone, India launch details tipped 9Nest plans to bring Google's facial tech to its products 10Chess-playing robot steals the show at Taiwan tech fair GADGETS NOW About Us Contact Us RSS Return Policy Newsletter Sitemap Privacy policy Authors Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy Gadgets now mobile Refund Policy Popular Mobiles Xiaomi Redmi 4A Moto G5 Plus Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Vivo V5 Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Oneplus 3T Moto G4 Plus Oppo F1 Plus Samsung Galaxy S7 Xiaomi Mi 5S Lenovo Vibe K5 Lenovo Zuk Z1 Samsung Galaxy J7 Lenovo A7000 Lenovo K5 Note Samsung Galaxy J2 Moto E4 Samsung Galaxy On7 Oppo F3 Plus Samsung Z3 HTC Desire 820 LG G5 Sony Xperia Z5 Moto G4 Plus Nokia 6 Upcoming Mobiles Moto Z2 Play 32GB Xiaomi Mi 6C Xiaomi Mi Note 3 Oukitel K10000 Pro Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus 128GB LG V30 Panasonic Eluga I3 Mega Essential PH-1 Yu Yureka Black Gionee S10B Xiaomi Mi Max 2 128GB Oppo R11 Plus Moto G5S Plus Moto G5S Meizu M5c Honor 6A 32GB Honor 6A LG X Venture LG Stylo 3 Plus Oppo A77 ZTE Max XL ZTE Blade X Max Xiaomi Redmi 4 Prime Samsung Galaxy C10 Plus Samsung Galaxy C10 Latest Mobiles LG G6 Moto G5 Plus Moto G5 Nokia 3310 New Google Nexus 9 Coolpad Note 3 Redmi Note 3 Lenovo K4 Note Moto G4 Plus OnePlus X Mobile Phones Nokia Mobiles Intex Mobiles Lenovo Mobiles Apple iPhones Moto Mobiles Vivo Mobiles Xiaomi Mobiles Samsung Mobiles Blackberry Mobiles Spice Mobiles Trending Stories Xiaomi Redmi 4A Sale Nokia 3310 New 2017 Microsoft Surface Pro 5 Apple iphone 7 Red Google Areo Flipkart acquires EBay Trending Topics H-1B Visa Airtel Reliance Jio Samsung S8 Launch Copyright © 2017 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. | The Times of India. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service
Your browser does not support Javascript. Please turn Javascript on to get the best experience from rte.ie News Sport Entertainment Business Lifestyle Culture Player TV Radio More None Go Weather Aertel Watch Live Lotto Jobs Apps RTÉ Archives Century Ireland Gaeilge RTÉ Orchestras RTÉ Shop   TRTÉ RTÉ Jr About RTÉ Blog Android co-creator launches smartphone company Updated / Wednesday, 31 May 2017 11:56 The phone will run on the Android operating system and will sell for $699 Andy Rubin, the co-creator of the Android mobile phone operating system, has launched a new company called Essential Products to sell a high-end smartphone and a home assistant device. Palo Alto-based Essential said the new Essential Phone features an edge-to-edge screen, a titanium-and-ceramic case and dual cameras. The phone sells for $699 and will run the Android operating system. The price pits it against high-end smartphones including Apple’s iPhone and Samsung's Galaxy S8. Essential also launched a household assistant called Home that looks like an angled hockey puck with a screen. The device will compete against the Amazon.com Echo and Alphabet's Google Home speaker, which are powered by the Alexa and the Google Assistant voice services respectively. Essential confirmed the Home device will let the user choose between Alexa, Google Assistant or Siri. It was not immediately clear how Siri would be available on Essential. While Amazon and Google have released the software needed to embed their assistants on devices they do not make, Apple has not done so. Essential declined to elaborate on how it plans to embed Siri on the device, and Apple declined to comment. The Essential Home takes a page from Apple's privacy playbook. Like an iPhone, the Home will do much of the processing for voice and image recognition on the device itself rather than sending data to remote servers. Essential also said the Home device will communicate with home appliances like lights and thermostats directly over the home network, rather than sending data to remote servers. Apple's HomeKit system takes similar approach. Rubin, Essential's CEO, co-founded Android and sold it to Google in 2005. He ran Google's mobile efforts until 2013 before a brief stint running the firm's robotics division. He left Google in 2014 to focus on starting hardware companies. Investors in Essential include Chinese tech company Tencent Holdings, iPhone contract manufacturer Foxconn, Redpoint Ventures and Altimeter Capital. Essential plans to announce a ship date for the devices in the next few weeks. The company did not say whether it planned to sell the phone directly to customers online or in physical stores. Essential for the first time revealed its staff on its website, listing Wolfgang Muller as head of channel sales. Muller previously ran North American retail operations for phonemaker HTC, according to his LinkedIn profile, suggesting that Essential plans to sell phones through retail stores, carriers or both. Rubin, Essential's CEO, co-founded Android and sold it to Google in 2005. He ran Google's mobile efforts until 2013 before a brief stint running the firm's robotics division. He left Google in 2014 to focus on starting hardware companies. Investors in Essential include Chinese tech company Tencent Holdings, iPhone contract manufacturer Foxconn, Redpoint Ventures and Altimeter Capital. Essential plans to announce a ship date for the devices in the next few weeks. The company did not say whether it planned to sell the phone directly to customers online or in physical stores. Essential for the first time revealed its staff on its website, listing Wolfgang Muller as head of channel sales. Muller previously ran North American retail operations for phonemaker HTC, according to his LinkedIn profile, suggesting that Essential plans to sell phones through retail stores, carriers or both. More on News Science and Technology Business Technology Business Home technology smartphone essential Technology Most Read 1Woman dies after being attacked by two dogs in Galway22:25 2London terrorists killed in hail of police bullets22:52 3London Mayor dismisses Trump's 'ill-informed' tweets19:14 4Varadkar wants Cobra-style committee on security22:25 5In Pictures: London Terror Attack22:49 More for you. Most Read 1Woman dies after being attacked by two dogs in Galway22:25 2London terrorists killed in hail of police bullets22:52 3London Mayor dismisses Trump's 'ill-informed' tweets19:14 4Varadkar wants Cobra-style committee on security22:25 5In Pictures: London Terror Attack22:49 Read News Sport Entertainment Lifestyle Culture Business Weather Gaeilge Watch & Listen RTÉ Player RTÉ Player International RTÉ Live TV Radio RTÉ Services RTÉ Archives RTÉ Orchestras RTÉ Shop Century Ireland Lotto RTÉ Aertel Youth TRTÉ RTÉJr Help Contact Feedback Complaints Terms & Conditions Data Protection Privacy Statement Information Information About RTÉ License Fee Careers Annual Report Advertise with RTÉ 2rn SAORVIEW Follow RTÉ RTÉ.ie is the website of Raidió Teilifís Éireann, Ireland's National Public Service Broadcaster. RTÉ is not responsible for the content of external internet sites. Images courtesy of Inpho.ie and Getty Images © RTÉ 2017 X Dismiss Important information regarding cookies and RTÉ.ie By using this website, you consent to the use of cookies in accordance with the RTÉ Cookie Policy. For more information on cookies see our cookie policy.
Home Latest News Nation World Business Cities Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Opinion Education Photos Videos Explained Good News Trending Astrology Photo News Today’s Paper See More See Less Search for:   Nation World Cities Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos Blogs ePaper Latest News India dodge rain, crush Pakistan in insipid opener Indian Army to open doors to women in combat roles: General Bipin Rawat Rajiv Gandhi’s statue damaged, Congress declares protest School principal held in Bihar topper case Day two of NIA raids: Hurriyat leader, businessmen’s homes searched London Bridge terror attack live updates: Vehicle rampage in one area, stabbing in Borough market, 7 feared dead Germany will allow protests at G20: Answer is in conversation Mamata Banerjee pens song for West Bengal, designs ‘unique’ state emblem A little fact-check of Honourable Judge’s cow order in Rajasthan My target is to create 5 crore jobs in the future, and add 3 per cent to the nation’s GDP: Nitin Gadkari Home Technology Gadgets Apple to launch new MacBook Pro next week, official announcement to be made at WWDC 2017 Apple to launch new MacBook Pro next week, official announcement to be made at WWDC 2017 Apple might unveil new MacBook Pro next week at the annual Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC). The company updated online availability of its 15-inch MacBook Pro with OLED Touch Bar, with the device now estimated to be shipped between June 6 to June 8 in the US. By: Tech Desk | New Delhi | Updated: May 31, 2017 4:54 pm Apple typically uses the annual developers’ conference to unveil new software updates to existing device. Related News Apple WWDC 2017: Look for signs when Tim Cook takes the stage Apple WWDC 2017: iOS 11 to Siri speaker, everything to be announced Apple WWDC 2017: Refreshed MacBooks, Siri-powered speaker, and more announcements expected Apple might unveil new MacBook Pro next week at the annual Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC), which is happening next week in San Jose. The company updated online availability of its 15-inch MacBook Pro with OLED Touch Bar, with the device now estimated to be shipped between June 6 to June 8 in the US. Generally, Apple takes a day or two to ship the laptop at your doorsteps. Apple typically uses the annual developers’ conference to unveil new software updates to existing devices. However, for a change, Apple could introduce new MacBook models at this year’s WWDC. The 13-inch MacBook Pro is still in stock; unfortunately, you can’t buy a 15-inch MacBook Pro from the company’s online store in the US. This seemingly confirms new models might be on the way next week. While Apple recently updated its MacBook Pro lineup at the end of last year, it’s being said that the company is planning to upgrade the internal specifications across the board. The step might entice many of its core professional users who initially considered the MacBook Pro to be underpowered. Most of the updates are said to improve internal hardware, instead of tweaking the design. The 2017 MacBook Pro is currently powered by Intel’s Skylake processors, which were initially unveiled way back in 2015. A Bloomberg report earlier this month revealed that Apple would announce updates to its MacBook Pro lineup at WWDC 2017 in June. The report stated that Apple might launch the new MacBook Pro, the 12-inch MacBook, and an update to the MacBook Air. Apple’s entire MacBook Pro lineup will be powered by Intel’s Kaby Lake processor series. At this year’s WWDC, we’re likely to see the latest version of macOS, iOS 11 and new software updates to tvOS and watchOS. We may also see the launch of the company’s Siri-powered smart speaker system. More Related News Apple set to expand Siri, taking different route from Amazon’s Alexa Apple expands Swift Playgrounds, its educational coding app to robots, drones For all the latest Technology News, download Indian Express App © IE Online Media Services Pvt Ltd Tags: Apple No Comments. Most Read India vs Pakistan ICC Champions Trophy 2017: When and where to watch the cricket match, live TV coverage, time in IST India vs Pakistan, ICC Champions Trophy 2017: India beat Pakistan by 124 runs (D/L), Match highlights Kareena Kapoor Khan's son Taimur Ali Khan is gifted with his mom's facial expressions. See these photos to believe Shah Rukh Khan's anger knew no bounds after Ramez Galal's Ramadan TV prank. Watch video MH CET results 2017 declared at dtemaharashtra.gov.in, check now Best of Express Bahrain, Saudi Arabia cut ties with Qatar over internal affairs, terrorism J-K: Four militants killed in an attack on CRPF camp in Bandipora At least 17 dead after bus collides with truck in Bareilly OpinionIt is delusional to celebrate the Aadhaar tidal wave, and criminal to turn a blind eye OpinionThe class of 2017: They must work to stanch the anger that has thrown up leaders like Trump Buzzing Now EntertainmentKareena's son Taimur Ali Khan is gifted with his mom's facial expressions. See these photos to believe EntertainmentShah Rukh Khan's anger knew no bounds after Ramez Galal's Ramadan TV prank. Watch video EntertainmentRanveer Singh is 'missing' Deepika Padukone. Is this finally an acknowledgement of their relationship? See photo TrendingIndia vs Pakistan: Twitterati in splits over Imad Wasim's new hairstyle TrendingIndia vs Pakistan: This camel predicts Pak will defeat India in ICC Champions Trophy match Top News Violence against BJP will make more lotuses bloom in Kerala: Amit Shah TechnologyApple WWDC 2017: Look for signs when Tim Cook takes the stage London terror attack: ISIS claims responsibility, 12 arrested SportsICC Champions Trophy 2017: Cricket goes on in terror attack’s shadow, but some fear fallout SportsIndia vs Pakistan: Mother of all mismatches SportsWATCH: Wild celebrations after India register big win  20 quotes from Arundhati Roy's The God of Small Things that will make you crave for her next book  GQ Best Dressed 2017 red carpet: Shraddha Kapoor, Sayani Gupta, Arjun Kapoor up the style quotient TechnologyApple WWDC 2017: Look for signs when Tim Cook takes the stage TechnologyApple WWDC 2017: Everything to be announced Jun 05: Latest News Oil price rises on tightening supplies, Middle East tensions J-K forest fire: Massive fire ravages 50 hectares of Thanpal forest area in Nowshera US, Australian officials warn of returning foreign fighters Pirates Of The Caribbean actor Kaya Scodelario refuses to pay sick granny’s bills Maharashtra: Earthquake hits Koyna region                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
  Subscribe RSS Shop About C21 Contact Sign in Register Please wait... Please wait... Home News Perspective Sections Reports Mediabase Events Resources C21TV C21Screenings Schedule Watch My C21 Jobs Home > News > Apple's Carpool Karaoke revs up for launch Apple’s Carpool Karaoke revs up for launch Carpool Karaoke is a spin-off from The Late Late Show with James Corden Apple has confirmed the premiere date for its show based on James Corden’s Carpool Karaoke format having delayed its launch earlier this year. Carpool Karaoke: The Series will become available exclusively via Apple Music on August 8. The show, produced by CBS Television Studios and Fulwell 73, was originally scheduled to arrive in April, but Apple delayed the release. Buckle up. @CarpoolKaraoke: The Series is coming your way August 8! Exclusively on Apple Music. pic.twitter.com/6Hqrwb6zwB — Apple Music (@AppleMusic) May 30, 2017 It will mark the first original TV show for the tech giant’s subscription streaming service and is set to feature celebrities such as Will Smith, Alicia Keys, Ariana Grande and John Cena. Carpool Karaoke first emerged on Corden’s late-night talkshow on CBS, also produced by Fulwell 73, and saw celebrities singing along to famous songs as the British presenter drove them around. No date has been set for the launch of Apple’s second original series, the Will.i.am-fronted competition reality show Planet of the Apps from Howard Owens and Ben Silverman’s Propagate Content. Nico Franks 31-05-2017 ©C21Media SECTIONS: Formats Lab, FutureMedia GENRES: Formats SHOWS: Carpool Karaoke The Series, Planet of the Apps PEOPLE: James Corden COMPANIES: Apple Music, CBS, CBS Television Studios, Fulwell 73 COUNTRIES: US Apple has confirmed the premiere date for its show based on James Corden's Carpool Karaoke format having delayed its launch earlier this year. RELATED ARTICLES: Apple, CBS agree to CarpoolApple eyes Will.i.am formatApple TV seeks cast for app series Please wait... Send us your news by clicking here Tweet {literal}  Print This Post  Email This Post ALSO ON C21media today C4’s Jay Hunt to step down YouTube cracks down on ‘hateful’ content Go-N launches digital arm Sky roars for Lions doc Kirkham reveals BBC factual vision Wertz joins NWM Pact US, GOVA prep 'mini-market' ITV uncovers Lost Arts deal CBS's Wiley to depart T Group partners Sunshine Sachs arm Starz accepts Sinking Ship's Giver Italy, Finland adopt Gil parenting format Netflix takes leave of its Sense8 Int'l nets pick more Mia & Me One Love to air in Australia, NZ Vanilla Seed sprouts new producer CBBC picks Pets Factor Superights sets up Little School in China BBC First grows in Holland Viceland UK embarks on copros A+E adds UKTV's Wilkins related content C21TV shows Reviving MacGyver C21TV Re-book it, Danno C21TV Why CBS is gambling on Vegas C21TV Test of character C21TV Drawing the battle lines C21TV more C21TV shows C21Media.net is… Everything about content in the 21st Century, from television to web, mobile, tablet and beyond. First sight of new shows in development to analysis of global industry trends, C21Media is regarded as Home to The International Entertainment Community. Free C21 alerts From the daily C21Media newsfeed to weekly genre focused e-publications. Register to receive the latest news and analysis to your desktop or mobile device. Subscribe to C21 A subscription to C21Media gives access to exclusive news, unique resources and specialist content areas. From as little as £3 per week you can access the best news and analysis in the global content business. Click here to read more and subscribe online. Sharing access Please be aware that our terms and conditions strictly prohibit the sharing of subscriptions and abuse can lead to prosecution. For more information on our multi-user packages, please call +44 (0)20 7729 7460. C21 everywhere You can follow C21 on Twitter here. Our website is also coded to work on all tablets. Contact C21 C21 Media Limited Second Floor 148 Curtain Road London EC2A 3AT +44 (0) 20 7729 7460 www.C21Media.net [email protected] Privacy policy Terms and conditions
Home Archives AOWM Archives Postcards of State Capitol Missouri Death Row Harry Snodgrass Contact Us Reporters Affiliates Affiliate Support Sports Bill Pollock Show All Topics Missourinet Your source for Missouri News and Sports Politics & Government Legislature Economy Education High School Sports Weather PostsComments You are here: Home / Legislature / Proposed ballot initiative would bring major overhaul to election process in Missouri Proposed ballot initiative would bring major overhaul to election process in Missouri May 31, 2017 By Jason Taylor In a typical year, 10 or fewer ballot measures are included in Missouri elections while many more are certified for circulation.  The documents known as “initiative petitions” must be approved by the secretary of state and the attorney general. 2016 Missouri Voter Ballot A 100 word or less summary must be approved by the attorney general before becoming an official ballot title.  The state auditor also prepares a statement of the fiscal impact the measure would have on the state. Once circulated, an initiative petition must receive the signature of registered voters equal to eight percent of ballots cast in the 2016 governor’s election in six of the state’s eight U.S. congressional districts. One ballot title now being circulated in the public is the brain child of Winston Apple, a retired high school teacher from Independence.  Apple ran for lieutenant governor in last year’s primary election as a Democrat. His proposal for next year’s ballot would rearrange the state legislature and alter the election process. First, the number of state representatives would be reduced from 163 to 80, with 10 per congressional district. Perhaps the most significant change would be that candidates would be competing for district wide seats.  Currently, state House members represent much smaller sectors of the public amounting to roughly 30,000 people. Further, Missouri state Senators would no longer have districts, but would run in statewide elections.  With 17 of the state’s 34 Senators running for election every two years, Apple contends a candidate could win a seat with just under 6 percent of the vote. Primary elections for state House and Senate would result in an ordered list of candidates for each office.  In the general election, a voter would cast a ballot for one political party’s ordered list. Finally, the proportion of votes received per political party would determine the candidates elected from each party’s list, in the order on the list. If a district voted 60% for Republican candidates, the GOP candidates with the six highest vote totals would win election.  If the state voted 60% for Republican Senate candidates, the GOP would control 60% of the upper chamber’s seats. If a district had a 65%-35% composition, voter turnout would play a key role in determining whether the party with the voting edge would elect six or seven of its candidates. Apple calls the changes his offering would make to the voting process “proportional representation”.  He contends the current single member district with a winner take all system is flawed. “If you are a Democrat living anywhere other than Kansas City or St. Louis, you’re not very well represented in Missouri” said Apple.  “And if you’re a Republican living in the first or fifth district in St. Louis or Kansas City, you’re not very well represented.” A Pew research poll taken in May of 2016 showed the largest percentage of American voters identified as Independents (39%) followed by Democrats (32%) and then Republicans (23%). Apple claims that under proportional representation, the parties would have to do a better job of attracting voters because there would be more choices than Republicans or Democrats. “If you don’t do a good job of addressing the problems we face in representing the needs of everyone, promoting, the general welfare to quote the preamble of the U.S. Constitution, then you’re not going to get as many seats and these third parties would start to make major inroads.” Much has been written about the ugliness of last year’s Republican governor’s primary in Missouri, where four candidates demonized each other before Eric Greitens emerged as the nominee.  The general election for governor saw a record $54 million spent. Apple thinks elections have been reduced to mudslinging followed by endless fund raising and advertising.  He says campaign tactics would massively change for the better with proportional representation. “What we’d have instead is a very dynamic primary campaign within each party followed by a campaign focused on issues and the problems we face, and which party’s candidates have the best solutions to those problems.” He claims the ordered list of party candidates from which a voter would cast a ballot in the general election would be instrumental in changing the complexion of elections. “The big, big payoff in the general election is you’re focused on the party and its platform.” If Apple’s proposal were adopted in Missouri, state government legislative operating costs costs could decrease nearly $7 million.  However, state and local governments could incur unknown election related costs. Apple has approximately 11 months to collect the necessary signatures to get the initiative placed on the November 2018 ballot.   Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Filed Under: Legislature, News, Politics & Govt Sports Missouri State one win away from clinching NCAA Regional Baseball Title after win over Hogs Powered … [Read More...] Albert Pujols becomes the first to reach 600 HRs on a grand slam (VIDEO) Albert … [Read More...] Bears get past Oklahoma State on walk-off homer Jeremy … [Read More...] The Bill Pollock Show–Adam Wainwright tells us what he’s changed to make him a better pitcher (PODCAST) We all … [Read More...] #Chiefs cut Jeremy Maclin in cost cutting measure The Chiefs … [Read More...] More Sports Missourinet Sports Poll Check out Bill Pollock's Polls on LockerDome on LockerDome Tweets by @missourisports Archives Archives Select Month June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005 January 2005 December 2004 November 2004 October 2004 September 2004 August 2004 July 2004 June 2004 May 2004 April 2004 March 2004 February 2004 January 2004 December 2003 November 2003 October 2003 September 2003 August 2003 July 2003 June 2003 May 2003 April 2003 March 2003 February 2003 January 2003 December 2002 November 2002 October 2002 September 2002 August 2002 July 2002 June 2002 May 2002 April 2002 March 2002 February 2002 January 2002 December 2001 November 2001 October 2001 September 2001 August 2001 July 2001 June 2001 May 2001 April 2001 March 2001 February 2001 January 2001 December 2000 November 2000 October 2000 September 2000 August 2000 July 2000 June 2000 May 2000 April 2000 March 2000 January 2000 Across Our Wide Missouri Opinion/Editorials Copyright © 2017 · Learfield News & Ag, LLC
mirrorLoad mobile navigation News UK News World News Weird News Crime Real Life Stories Health MotoringExpand Politics Sport Football Lions 2017 French Open Cricket Boxing Formula 1 Racing Other Sports WWE UFC Rugby League Golf AthleticsExpandExpand Football Celebs Celebrity News US Gossip Fashion & Beauty Weird Celeb NewsExpand TV & Film Weird News Technology Money Travel Fashion Mums Quizzes Got a Story? My Account Subscriptions Sign Out facebook twitter pinterest instagram Offers Fantasy Bingo Dating Jobs BuySell Competitions Horoscopes Loans Cartoons Crosswords BuySell Find a job Find a home Find a new home InYourArea Psychic Find a local business About Us Contact Us Follow Us Sell Your Story How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Statement Cookie Policy Terms and Conditions Paper Subscription to the Daily Mirror Paper Subscription to the Sunday Mirror Irish Mirror © 2017 MGN Limited Home Technology Smartphones Technology Android creator Andy Rubin launches Essential Phone with full-screen display and THREE virtual assistants The Essential Phone comes pre-loaded with Amazon Alexa, Google Assistant AND Apple Siri  Share  Comments ByStephen Nellis 12:07, 31 MAY 2017 Technology  Share  Comments Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing!Could not subscribe, try again laterInvalid Email Andy Rubin, the co-creator of the Android mobile phone operating system, has launched a new company called Essential Products to sell a high-end smartphone and a home assistant device. Palo Alto-based Essential said the new Essential Phone features an edge-to-edge screen, a titanium-and-ceramic case and dual cameras. The phone sells for $699 (£547) and will run the Android operating system. The price pits it against high-end smartphones including Apple's iPhone 7 and Samsung's Galaxy S8 . (Photo: Essential) Essential also launched a household assistant called Home that looks like an angled hockey puck with a screen. The device will compete against the Amazon Echo and Google Home speakers, which are powered by the Alexa and the Google Assistant voice services respectively. Essential confirmed the Home device will let the user choose between Alexa , Google Assistant or Siri . Read More Android user? Apple's new 'Switch to iPhone' campaign wants to convert you It was not immediately clear how Siri would be available on Essential. While Amazon and Google have released the software needed to embed their assistants on devices they do not make, Apple has not done so. Essential declined to elaborate on how it plans to embed Siri on the device, and Apple declined to comment. The Essential Home takes a page from Apple's privacy play book. Like an iPhone, the Home will do much of the processing for voice and image recognition on the device itself rather than sending data to remote servers. (Photo: Essential) Read More Newly discovered 'Judy' malware could have infected 35 MILLION Android smartphones, experts warn Essential also said the Home device will communicate with home appliances like lights and thermostats directly over the home network, rather than sending data to remote servers. Apple's HomeKit system takes similar approach. Rubin, Essential's CEO, co-founded Android and sold it to Google in 2005. He ran Google's mobile efforts until 2013 before a brief stint running the firm's robotics division. He left Google in 2014 to focus on starting hardware companies. Investors in Essential include Chinese tech company Tencent Holdings, iPhone contract manufacturer Foxconn, Redpoint Ventures and Altimeter Capital. Essential plans to announce a ship date for the devices in the next few weeks. The company did not say whether it planned to sell the phone directly to customers online or in physical stores. Essential for the first time revealed its staff on its website, listing Wolfgang Muller as head of channel sales. Muller previously ran North American retail operations for phone maker HTC , according to his LinkedIn profile, suggesting that Essential plans to sell phones through shops, mobile operators or both. Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Daily Newsletter Follow @MirrorTech Subscribe to our Daily newsletterEnter emailSubscribe Comments Show more comments More On Hon Hai Precision Industry Company, Ltd. Apple Google Redpoint Ventures Amazon Android iPhone Hockey Smartphones Technology all Most Read Most Recent FIFAWhen is Fifa 18 coming out? 2017 release date, price, where to buy and what leagues are being added EA Sports' all-conquering footy game is due a refresh and there are plenty of rumours about what's coming iPhone 8iPhone 8: Release date, price, rumours and news about Apple's flagship phone for 2017 Apple's iPhone 8 - which could be called the iPhone Edition or iPhone X - is expected to be the company's biggest smartphone launch in years Pokemon GoMagikarp Jump guide: Hints, tips and tricks on how to conquer the addictive new Pokémon game Are you hooked on the brand new Pokémon smartphone game? Here's how to become a Magikarp Jump champion OnePlusOnePlus 5: Price, UK release date, specs and rumours about the iPhone 7 rival The OnePlus 5 could be here in a matter of weeks - here's what we know so far SonyPlayStation 5: Rumours, price, release date and other news about Sony's latest video game hardware Is the PlayStation 5 real - or is it just a collection of internet myths? Here's what we know so far ArchaeologyAstonishing 3D face of 10,000-YEAR-OLD African caveman discovered in Brazil could settle historic debate The relic, nicknamed Apiuna, was found deep inside a cave in Brazil some 50 years ago, Mirror Online can exclusively reveal London Bridge terror attackHow Facebook's Safety Check shows true spirit of capital in wake of London Bridge terror attack It went from a safety feature to a sign of the true spirit of the capital as it was flooded with offers of help Worldwide Developers ConferenceWWDC 2017 rumours: Siri speaker to be unveiled alongside iOS 11 and macOS 10.13 at Apple's Worldwide Developers Conference Apple will announce3 its latest software developments at its annual developer event in June Worldwide Developers ConferenceWhen is WWDC 2017? Conference dates and how to watch Apple boss Tim Cook's keynote address Marking the start of the annual WWDC development conference is a speech from Apple's head honcho Mobile phonesThese new laws are coming in to force this summer including holiday data roaming charges, cricket and gambling But cheaper phone use could be reversed because Brexit could change everything when when the UK formally leaves the EU Most Read Most Recent WWEWWE Extreme Rules 2017 LIVE: Final card, results and updates Five men will battle for the right to face WWE Universal Champion Brock Lesnar Cristiano RonaldoCristiano Ronaldo celebrates Real Madrid Champions League triumph by getting BRUTAL new haircut The world's most famous footballer just shaved off all his hair. THIS IS NOT A DRILL, PEOPLE London Bridge terror attackMan flees London Bridge terror attack still holding pint of beer in his hand - and Brits couldn't be more proud The image has been shared thousands of times, with Brits defending it as using "our dark humour helping us to cope" LionsLions rescued from circus and flown to Africa to keep them 'safe' butchered in suspected witchcraft killing Male lions Jose and Liso were found with their heads severed and their paws hacked off for potions and charms Wayne RooneyWayne Rooney took Michael Carrick's testimonial VERY seriously - and got mocked mercilessly The Manchester United captain played like it was his final game at Old Trafford... One Love ManchesterIs Ariana Grande engaged? Singer confuses fans with ring on finger as she's supported by boyfriend at One Love Manchester Ariana, 23, and boyfriend Mac Miller performed together but the huge sparkler on her finger sent speculation into overdrive 3amOne Love Concert - Manchester London Bridge terror attackFamily of London Bridge terrorist killed by police say 'we just want to grieve in peace' The 27-year-old attacker, currently identified only as 'Abz', lived in Barking, East London with his wife and two young children One Love ManchesterPolice officers and security guards delight crowd at One Love Manchester gig with their hilarious dance moves The officials bust a move as Coldplay performed Viva La Vida at the star-studded benefit gig organised by Ariana Grande TerrorismSecurity barriers installed at London bridges after terror attack killed seven and injured 48 Many have questioned why barriers weren't installed after the Westminster attack Top Stories London Bridge terror attackFamily of London Bridge terrorist killed by police say 'we just want to grieve in peace' The 27-year-old attacker, currently identified only as 'Abz', lived in Barking, East London with his wife and two young children One Love ManchesterThe song that made Arianna cry: Star weeps as she closes One Love concert with Somewhere Over The Rainbow It was an emotional performance London Bridge terror attackLondon Bridge hero who used martial arts skills to tackle terrorists cannot speak after being stabbed in the neck Geoff Ho, a business editor with the Sunday Express, is in intensive care after confronting the terrorists in a bid to save strangers' lives London Bridge terror attack'This is for my family, this is for Islam': Mum relives terrorists' cry before 'putting knife into her son' Daniel O'Neill was one of the scores of people attacked by three terrorists in the London Bridge area last night London Bridge terror attack“It was like a horror show": Traumatised drinker sees woman stumble into pub with blood spurting from her neck Jeff Witsey, 54, saw the young woman stagger into the The Mudlark pub after having her throat cut by terrorists TerrorismSecurity barriers installed at London bridges after terror attack killed seven and injured 48 Many have questioned why barriers weren't installed after the Westminster attack London Bridge terror attackSchoolboy feared he would die in terror attack and 'said goodbye to family and friends' Miles Clarke, 14, ran for his life as the three jihadis stormed the Black and Blue steakhouse in London Bridge London Bridge terror attackISIS claim responsibility for London Bridge terror attack which left 7 dead and 48 injured Three killers mowed down pedestrians by driving a van at high speed along the kerb across London Bridge London Bridge terror attackBlue Thunder choppers and police 'gunships': Inside crack SAS operation during London Bridge terror attack The Dauphin helicopters, dubbed Blue Thunder, dropped off two teams of eight heavily armed special forces troops London Bridge terror attackChilling video shows London Bridge terrorists calmly hunting for victims The harrowing images show the murderous trio stride past the Market Porter pub ahead of the second part of their killing spree that left seven dead and 48 injured One Love ManchesterAriana Grande says emotional meeting with mum of girl killed in bombing changed One Love gig The star said she cried when she hugged Olivia's mum One Love ManchesterAriana's mum walked through One Love Manchester crowd telling fans "do not be afraid" She wanted to share her message with fans gathered at the tribute concert for victims of the Manchester attack FIFAWhen is Fifa 18 coming out? 2017 release date, price, where to buy and what leagues are being added EA Sports' all-conquering footy game is due a refresh and there are plenty of rumours about what's coming iPhone 8iPhone 8: Release date, price, rumours and news about Apple's flagship phone for 2017 Apple's iPhone 8 - which could be called the iPhone Edition or iPhone X - is expected to be the company's biggest smartphone launch in years Pokemon GoMagikarp Jump guide: Hints, tips and tricks on how to conquer the addictive new Pokémon game Are you hooked on the brand new Pokémon smartphone game? Here's how to become a Magikarp Jump champion ArchaeologyAstonishing 3D face of 10,000-YEAR-OLD African caveman discovered in Brazil could settle historic debate The relic, nicknamed Apiuna, was found deep inside a cave in Brazil some 50 years ago, Mirror Online can exclusively reveal OnePlusOnePlus 5: Price, UK release date, specs and rumours about the iPhone 7 rival The OnePlus 5 could be here in a matter of weeks - here's what we know so far SonyPlayStation 5: Rumours, price, release date and other news about Sony's latest video game hardware Is the PlayStation 5 real - or is it just a collection of internet myths? Here's what we know so far London Bridge terror attackHow Facebook's Safety Check shows true spirit of capital in wake of London Bridge terror attack It went from a safety feature to a sign of the true spirit of the capital as it was flooded with offers of help Sex robotsRealistic sex robots with customisable nipples that can quote Shakespeare to replace women in the bedroom The sex tech industry is already estimated to be worth $30 billion, and sex robots are expected to be the next big craze SonySony Xperia XZ Premium: Release date, price and specs of Sony's new flagship smartphone Sony's latest device has a 4K HDR display an advanced camera technology capable of recording an incredible 960fps SnapChatThis simple trick will let you screenshot a Snapchat message without notifying the sender If you want to screenshot a Snapchat message without the sender knowing, all you need is this simple trick Worldwide Developers ConferenceWWDC 2017 rumours: Siri speaker to be unveiled alongside iOS 11 and macOS 10.13 at Apple's Worldwide Developers Conference Apple will announce3 its latest software developments at its annual developer event in June Mobile phonesThese new laws are coming in to force this summer including holiday data roaming charges, cricket and gambling But cheaper phone use could be reversed because Brexit could change everything when when the UK formally leaves the EU Samsung Inc.How waterproof is the Galaxy S7? We put Samsung's new smartphone to the test Samung's new Galaxy S7 smartphone went on sale today - so how waterproof is it really? Worldwide Developers ConferenceWhen is WWDC 2017? Conference dates and how to watch Apple boss Tim Cook's keynote address Marking the start of the annual WWDC development conference is a speech from Apple's head honcho AnonymousAnonymous issues global #BDStheUS threat and demands Americans be BANNED from international travel In response to President Trump's efforts to curb immigration, the hactivists are urging countries to 'boycott, divest and sanction' the USA TechnologyNew Ad-Free subscription service launched for Mirror readers Readers will be able to browse the site without pre-roll video ads, banner ads, pre-article surveys, large format ads or pop-ups for just £2.99 a month Sex toysAnother sex toy has been HACKED - and this one has a camera on the tip The Siime Eye vibrator has a built-in torch and endoscope camera, allowing the user to "record and share" their experiences with a partner iPhone 7How waterproof is the iPhone 7? We put Apple's new smartphone to the test Apple's new iPhone 7 goes on sale- so how waterproof is it really? AppleiPhone 8 leaked pictures give us the closest look yet at Apple's next smartphone Online images allegedly show schematics and a dummy iPhone 8 inside a protective case FacebookThere's a secret inbox folder in Facebook Messenger - here's how to find out who's been trying to contact you What messages are lurking in your secret inbox? Find out who's been trying to contact you on the social network News Politics Football Sport Celebs TV & Film Weird News Quizzes Technology Money Travel Fashion Mums Motoring Follow us facebook twitter pinterest instagram BuySell Find a job Find a home Find a new home InYourArea Psychic Find a local business About Us Contact Us Follow Us Sell Your Story How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Statement Cookie Policy Terms and Conditions Paper Subscription to the Daily Mirror Paper Subscription to the Sunday Mirror Irish Mirror © 2017 MGN Limited This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here.Close cookie policy overlay
Oneindia Classifieds Coupons Education News Movies Buy Insurance Auto Cricket Gadgets Lifestyle Money Travel Menu Home News Mobiles Reviews How to Features Top 10 Mobiles Gadget Finder Menu Tip Us!FacebookTwittergplusYoutube News Mobile Tablet Laptop Computer Gear Camera Reviews How To Features Gadget Finder Photos Videos English हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు বাংলা ગુજરાતી Home  |  Mobile  |  Features  | Features to expect in the Apple's iPhone 8 Features to expect in the Apple's iPhone 8 Updated: Wednesday, May 31, 2017, 15:50 [IST] For its 10th anniversary, the Cupertino giant Apple will be releasing its 8th generation iPhone with some major changes in terms of build and updates. As per the leaks, the purported iPhone 8 is said to come with an OLED panel, new in display Touch ID paired with facial recognition, updates to 3D Touch, improved waterproofing, wireless charging, and more. Stay tuned to GizBot for more updates! Major Overhaul! As per the report, Apple is said to be testing more than 10 prototype iPhone models, so we are not sure about the final product. The so-called iPhone 8 will have an edge-to-edge display with Touch ID built into the screen itself. Moreover, the rumor suggests that device will be sporting a 5.8-inch display out of which 5.1-inch will be usable and rest dedicated to virtual buttons. As the company is opting for OLED panel, it helps the company to provide a thinner device with low battery consumption, and a better display with high contrast ratio.   Like iPhone 4 Talking about the body, the iPhone 8 will be having glass body similar to that of iPhone 4 that will be built around a polished stainless steel frame. SEE ALSO: Apple iPhone 8: illustration suggests an all new design IP68 feature Like its predecessor, iPhone 8 is also expected to be water resistant that might hold up to rain, splashes, and brief submersion in water. Faster and efficient chipset The yet-to-be-launched iPhone 8 is expected to come with a 10-nanometer A11 chip that will be faster, efficient, and supports wireless charging as well. iPhone 8 will be also supporting iris, facial, or gesture recognition. 3D sensing capabilities Moving on to the camera, both the dual camera setup will be having an optical image stabilization feature. Also, the front camera of the device might also have 3D sensing capabilities that use technology by PrimeSense, allowing it to find the location and depth of objects. Coming to the pricing now, the iPhone 8 will be sold more than $1000, which is quite costly when compared to its predecessor.   Stay tuned to GizBot for more updates! Apple iPhone 8 Plus 98,999(Expected Price) Specs Competitors Images +10 Read More About apple | iphone 8 | iOS | news | mobiles Story first published: Wednesday, May 31, 2017, 15:30 [IST] Other articles published on May 31, 2017 Please Wait while comments are loading... Moto Z2 Play official video reveals the updated rear camera Meizu Pro 7, Pro 7 Plus specs, launch date and rear cover leak Forget OnePlus 5; OnePlus 5T with glass back to be released in Q4 Featured Posts Opinion Poll 34,688 Followers 13,012 Followers 1,41,901 Followers 7,506 Followers GET OUR TOP TECH STORIES DELIVERED TO YOUR INBOX FOR FREE Do not Disturb Gizbot in Other Languages বাংলা ગુજરાતી हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు Explore Gizbot News Gear Tablet Laptop Mobile Gadgets Features How-To Computer Gadget Finder Other Greynium Sites Oneindia Filmibeat Boldsky Drivespark Goodreturns Native Planet Careerindia Clickin Download Oneindia App Google Play App Store Follow Gizbot Daily Updates Get Gizbot Alerts Get Push Notifications About Us | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Newsletters | Apps | RSS | Advertise with Us | Work for Us | Contact Us | Site Feedback | Sitemap © Greynium Information Technologies Pvt. Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
Subscribe ▲ Learn more about Macworld's Digital Edition    🔎 Home News Reviews How-To Video Macs Mac Desktops MacBooks Displays Networking Storage iPhone/iPad OS X iOS Apps Accessories Business Entertainment Subscribe Resources Macs MacBooks Mac Desktops iPhones Blogs iPads Accessories Apps Audio Business Cameras Components Development Software Displays E-readers Home Theater iOS iPhone Accessories iPad Accessories iPods OS X Printers Networking Productivity Software Smartwatches Storage Styluses Mac Desktops MacBooks Displays Networking Storage Home Macs Feature WWDC 2017 Wish List: New features we want in macOS 10.13 At WWDC, Apple will reveal what’s in store for macOS. Here’s what the Macworld staff and readers would like to see. Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. By Glenn Fleishman Senior Contributor, Macworld | May 31, 2017 3:00 AM PT Credit: Rob Schultz More like this How iCloud Photo Library matches up to Google Photos Photos for iOS and macOS: The limits of liked photos How to turn your Mac into a digital video recorder for over-the-air TV Video WWDC 2017: Our Top 3 Predictions Everyone has their gripes about macOS, even if they mostly like it. It’s the rough edges on a product that’s matured and refined over time that keeps scratching at us, though, making us ask for better. I asked people what they’d like to see in macOS 10.13 and added my suggestions from my experience and from reading thousands of your emails over the last few years to our Mac 911 column. (While macOS 10.13 doesn’t yet have a name, I’m going to pretend it will be called Joshua Tree, as Apple has a habit of installing unwanted U2 things.) iTunes Apple The biggest blemish in macOS remains iTunes, something Macworld writers have spilled virtual ink about for years and years. iTunes was an odd choice to add more and more features, but a necessary one, back when iPhones could only sync over USB to a Mac. That was six years ago when that changed. It’s extremely difficult for many users to figure out where any particular feature is and how to manage it if they don’t use it regularly, and the app is simply bloated and out of date. As many readers may know, a lot of iTunes is a wrapper around what are effectively web pages, resulting in slow and erratic display and interaction. Native apps that work as well as those in iOS seem respectful to Mac users. Because iTunes remains deeply integrated across macOS and with iOS, macOS has to be updated to allow an iTunes break up. Many readers want iTunes to more closely resemble iOS organization: Store for managing purchases and your account. Music to handle Apple Music, Internet radio, and one’s own locally stored collection. Video for purchased, rented, and owned movies and television programs. Podcasts for, uh, podcasts. Sync/Backup for those who still use USB with their iPhones or for local backups. (Remember iSync?) Apple downloads iOS apps into iTunes, which is useful only for providing a central place to sync new versions and when restoring from an iTunes backup. It seems unlikely that Apple would add a TV app like that on the Apple TV and in iOS, because its strategy is to push those experiences to mobile or an Apple TV. Allowing a Mac to have the equivalent of Front Row, discontinued in 2011, would blur the lines. Apple could finally put photo and album direct sync into Photos, instead of keeping it stuck in iTunes. One of the biggest single areas of questions we receive to Mac 911 relate to managing albums and other media sync, because the iTunes interface is so terrible. Yes, Apple is pushing iCloud Photo Library as the one true answer; no, it doesn’t work as a good solution for everyone. Photos While Photos seems like a standalone app that Apple could improve separately at any time, and while the company has pushed out sometimes substantial updates since Photos 1.0 between macOS release cycles, it’s deeply connected enough with macOS that major changes come with the system update. Apple I’d estimate about half the questions to Mac 911 relate to the Photos app—or dealing with moving from iPhoto to Photos, or staying on iPhoto because of still-missing Photos features. The wishlist for Photos is mostly a list of what it needs to get right, rather than new features that it could add. Fix your flagship People feature. With some degree of excitement, Apple talked about its new machine-learning-based facial recognition features in Photos for macOS and iOS. And, at release, some of the documentation stated that identified faces and your refinements to that recognition would sync. It doesn’t. It needs to. There’s no sense in having a feature that works with the same library across devices that requires you perform identical pattern-recognition tasks on each device. Apple has been mum when I asked about it. It’s a glaring hole and makes the People feature effectively useless unless you pick a single device to invest your time into organizing faces. Many people still have People stall in recognition. There’s no way to intervene and restart this. There’s troubleshooting in Photos for rebuilding the library; there needs to be troubleshooting for People, too. Sync likes/faves across OSes. You can share photos through iCloud, but Apple runs two incompatible systems for marking favorite photos. Favorites works in iOS and macOS and syncs across iCloud Photo Library, but doesn’t appear in shared albums. You can Like a photo in a shared album only in iOS, even though you can view the album in macSO and at iCloud.com, and those likes don’t carry through. There’s no way to sort or select liked or most-liked media in Photos for iOS, either. Improve album organization. Another key reader complaint is how difficult it is to order albums the way they want and to sort photos within albums. Photos 1.0 was very thin in that regard, and Apple bolstered options over time. But it’s still inadequate compared to the last release of iPhoto, and clearly compared to users’ needs. Revamp the Media picker. Did you ever try to use the Media option at the bottom of any Open dialog box? It’s a hot mess, and if you have a substantial number of photos and videos in iPhoto or Photos, or you have a Mac that’s not among the newest, your system can churn for tens of seconds or longer before starting to display a terrible interface for picking from your library. The integration, speed, and interface all need a re-work to make it easier to include media from apps, rather than exporting or using limited Share options. Integration across OSes Ah, it was only yesterday—well, last fall—that Siri came to macOS after many years of iOS inclusion. And besides Siri’s overall poor quality for common requests, the version in macOS lacks robustness and integration with iOS and tvOS. Generally, macOS should be better connected to the entire ecosystem. Right now, AirDrop and AirPlay remain the most extensively cross-platform implemented options, and as any regular user of them knows, neither is terrific. AirDrop improved a few releases ago to be more reliable, but when it doesn’t work, there’s no way to find the problem. (More generally, Continuity and Handoff have a lot of great cross-platform and cross-device features which work inconsistently for me and many readers who write in.) Safari to iOS and tvOS. AirDrop lets us push web pages, but why can’t we broadcast or display Safari tabs in iOS or tvOS? Colleague Steven Schapansky notes that Google Chrome can “cast” a tab to its Chromecast hardware. Given Apple controls macOS, Safari, tvOS, and iOS, couldn’t Mac users get the same feature? AirPlay is a poor substitute, requiring pushing the whole macOS interface and then arranging full-screen mode. tvOS. A Mac-based remote control is not a terrible idea, even if it’s the form of a limited version of the TV app, as discussed above. While Apple might not want to provide a full version, being able to browse, select, and organize, and then use the Mac interface to control what’s happening on the Apple TV. HomeKit. Confess it: it’s a little silly that you can use an iOS device to control home-automation and smart devices, but your Mac just sits there. And that you need an iPad or Apple TV to act as a hub for HomeKit when you may have an always-on Mac. HomeKit should be just as available as Siri on a Mac, even if you primarily use it through iOS. Mac as an AirPlay destination. Reader Joel Bernstein expressed a common desire that a Mac shouldn’t require special software (like Reflection or Airfoil) to be a video or audio destination for AirPlay. You may not always need to stream from iOS to macOS or between two Macs, but it should be a trivial option for Apple to offer to please those users. Touch ID for more Mac purposes. Sure, Apple built Touch ID into the MacBook Pro, but it did a beautiful job of integrating Touch ID with Apple Pay on the web with Safari, too. For accessing passwords and other kinds of verification, I’d like to see Apple rely on Touch ID as a way to validate someone possesses a device and has the authority to use it. For instance, a broadly supported industry initiative called U2F (Universal Second Factor) allows a USB key and similar devices to act as a strong second factor added to a password by using two-way cryptographic confirmation. After setting up a login with U2F at a website or other service, when you visit again, the site makes sure you are who you say you are, while your side of the transaction validates that the site is real and not spoofed. Apple could build this functionality into iOS and make it a perfect pair with macOS and iOS for highly secure validated logins, important in an era of frequent phishing and cracking attempts. Network help Apple Apple has long offered some of the best features for networking for individuals and small businesses of any computer company. But it’s fallen behind in providing features modern users need. Overhaul file server access. The Finder has long featured two separate ways to connect to networked file servers, but neither is particularly intuitive. While it’s been a long time since the Chooser in pre-OS X days, and nobody wants the Windows approach to network resource selections, Apple could do more to expose available resources on a network and make it easy to connect, maintain a connection, and safely disconnect. Throttling. Many users either have home networks with overage fees or tether to a cellular connection for Internet connectivity at times. There are no individual or collective macOS and iOS features to help manage this. An iCloud-linked approach (including with Family Sharing) that let you tune how much data was used and monitor it across network types could control costs and reveal “chatty” apps and services. Better screen sharing. Compare TeamViewer and Apple’s built-in screen sharing, and you might be shocked at the difference. Among other things, TeamViewer’s more robust networking approach allows it to tunnel out of “double NAT” situations, where a router feeding out private addresses is unfortunately behind another router doing the same. (I have this on my network, where an ISP-supplied router isn’t the one I want to use for my network, but it provides the connection.) iOS support for screen sharing. Third-party apps again offers this, but given Apple’s ecosystem control, why not make it easy for people to work entirely within the company’s apps? Enhance Time Machine. Another creaky part of the Mac world is Time Machine, its integrated backup system. Many readers write in with the desire to control what’s backed up, have better insight into what has been stored, and repair broken sets. It’s a long time coming for Apple to rethink and upgrade this, including offering local encryption options without encrypting the entire backup drive. Why not add backup? While several high-quality Internet backup services offer Mac clients, only a fraction of people who should back up critical data do so. Apple expects people to use iCloud Drive and storage as a quasi-backup, but a more explicit way to back up (not just sync or shift) documents and other files would tie in neatly as an added value for Apple’s iCloud storage. I would wager most people have in the low gigabytes of data they need to backup outside of photos and video. Related: Macs Operating Systems OS X WWDC MacOS Sierra 1 2 Page 1 Next You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon Macworld Macworld is your best source for all things Apple. We give you the scoop on what's new, what's best and how to make the most out of the products you love. About Us Contact Us Mac OS X Hints Ad Choices Digital Magazines Newsletters Privacy Policy RSS Terms of Service Agreement E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Macworld CATEGORIES Business Creative Entertainment iOS Apps Mac Apps MacCentral iPhone/iPad OS X Podcasts Video IDG Network Sites Advertise Careers at IDG Creative Lab IDG IDG Consumer & SMB Knowledge Hub Macworld|iWorld PCWorld TechHive Permissions Try Macworld Risk-Free Subscribe Now Follow us    Visit other IDG sites: Select One CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDG Connect IDG TechNetwork IDG.tv InfoWorld IT News ITworld JavaWorld Network World PC World TechHive The Industry Standard Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc.
menu Sections Monday, June 5, 2017 search Today's Paper insert_drive_file Close   INQUIRER.NET NEWS OPINION SPORTS LIFESTYLE PREEN ENTERTAINMENT BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY GLOBAL NATION USA & CANADA POP ESPORTS BANDERA CDN PBA MOTIONCARS INQSHOP MY INQUIRER ADVERTISE menu search NEWS OPINION SPORTS LIFESTYLE PREEN ENTERTAINMENT BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY GLOBAL NATION technology / Gadgets share this LOOK: iPhone 8 leaks feature rendered images that sport a new look INQUIRER.net / 05:28 PM May 31, 2017 A render of the iPhone 8 based on leaked measurements. Image: iDrop News While Apple has worked hard to maintain its veil of secrecy over the iPhone 8, rumors and leaks continue to make it throughout the internet. The latest leak on the device’s dimensions have even spawned rendered images. A render of the iPhone 8 based on leaked measurements. Image: iDrop News The rendered images were created by Apple updates site iDrop News, which also reported on the iPhone 8’s leaked dimensions. According to the report, the iPhone 8 will be much heftier and larger than the iPhone 7. The iPhone 8 body is said to measure 143.59 x 70.94 x 7.57 millimeters. ADVERTISEMENT Based on these dimensions, the rendered iPhone 8 was placed side-by-side with the current iPhone 7 models as well as Samsung’s Galaxy S8 and S8+. The iPhone 8 (middle) flanked by the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. Image: iDrop News The iPhone 8 (middle) flanked by the Galaxy S8 and S8+. Image: iDrop News Apart from this latest information, it was also reported that the iPhone 8 will include Apple’s A11 processor, wireless charging capabilities, 5.8” OLED display, vertical dual-lens camera system and front cameras with 3D facial recognition capacities. Coincidentally, the practically bezel-less screen on the rendered iPhone 8 bears a resemblance to the recently introduced Essential phone by Android co-creator Andy Rubin. Based on current trends, it’s not too far-fetched to assume that the actual iPhone 8 will adopt the same look. Alfred Bayle/JB RELATED STORIES: Android co-creator demonstrates new ‘Essential’ phone The UFC is venturing to virtual reality End of an era: PlayStation 3 console shipments end in Japan Subscribe to INQUIRER PLUS to get access to The Philippine Daily Inquirer & other 70+ titles, share up to 5 gadgets, listen to the news, download as early as 4am & share articles on social media. Call 896 6000. play_circle_filled Sulphur-powered giant shipworm unearthed in Philippines April 19, 2017 play_circle_filled New Google Earth unveiled that works on browsers and smartphones April 19, 2017 play_circle_filled Samsung launches Galaxy S8 phones, virtual assistant March 30, 2017 play_circle_filled Nintendo Switch console goes on sale in strategy reboot March 05, 2017 TAGS: Apple, Galaxy S8, iPhone 7, iPhone 8, rendered image, Samsung For feedback, complaints, or inquiries, contact us. INQUIRER.net Follow @inquirerdotnet TRENDING newsinfo Who was Jesse Javier Carlos? June 5, 2017 newsinfo CA revives P2-B civil suit vs Revillame June 5, 2017 newsinfo Resorts World gunman identified as Jessie Javier Carlos, a Filipino June 4, 2017 entertainment LOOK: ‘Wonder Woman’ recruited actual athletes, fighters as powerful Amazonians June 1, 2017 newsinfo Resorts World gunman a ‘gambling addict, a big cockfight bettor’ June 4, 2017 Disclaimer: Comments do not represent the views of INQUIRER.net. We reserve the right to exclude comments which are inconsistent with our editorial standards. FULL DISCLAIMER share this Alfred Bayle The Inquirer Channels News Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Business Opinion Global Nation Services Sitemap Mobile RSS Email Us Archive Contact Us Advertise News Letter Job Openings The Inquirer Company About INQUIRER.net About the INQUIRER User Agreement Link Policy Privacy Policy Article Index Partners Hinge Inquirer Bandera Cebu Daily News DZIQ990 AM Motion Cars PBA PesoPay IIDM © Copyright 1997-2016 INQUIRER.net | All Rights Reserved
FIRSTPOST TECH2 FAKING NEWS हिंदी फर्स्टपोस्ट News & Analysis Reviews WWDC Startup Gaming Auto News Videos #Oppo Firstpost Shareworthy London Bridge attack: UK man who fled with pint of beer an unlikely inspiration on Twitter London bridge terror attack claimed by Islamic State: A look at jihadist-linked attacks in Europe since 2015 Remembering Tiananmen Square: 28 years later, thousands gather in Hong Kong London terror attacks: Gurudwaras open doors to stranded locals, tourists; offer food and shelter Champions League: Real Madrid's 12th title, Cristiano Ronaldo's 600th career goal and more defining stats more from #Apple WWDC 2017: Here's what Apple has in store for this year's event WWDC 2017: Here is what to expect at Apple's annual developer conference Will technology portfolios still lead the US stocks? Top Reviews 3T (128GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 34,999 F3 Plus Editor rating : 8 Price: 30,990 Redmi Note 4 (64GB, 4GB RAM) Editor rating : 7.5 Price: 12,999 GT73VR 7RF Titan Pro Editor rating : 8 Price: 336,000 V5 Plus (64GB, 4GB RAM) Editor rating : 8 Price: 27,980 You are here: Home > News & Analysis> Apple still in talks with Indian government over manufacturing, confirms IT minister By tech2 News Staff /  31 May 2017 , 14:30 #Apple Image: Reuters Union minister for electronics and IT, Ravi Shankar Prasad confirmed in an interview with The Economic Times (ET) that the dialogue with technology giant Apple manufacturing in India is still on. Prasad told the publication that “once things are formalised, we shall come up with a structured response.” The IT minister told ET that while government is listening to Apple’s demands, it too “will need to look towards the Indian market as well.” The news comes after the Press Trust of India reported that Apple has already begun selling its iPhone SE model in India with the “Made in India” label on the back, in small batches. An industry source had pointed out that the batch was a result of a limited trial run and that the phones were manufactured in limited quantities. The same report also pointed out that these were being manufactured by Apple’s Taiwanese manufacturing partner, Wistron Corp. There have been reports that the Indian government has partially given in to Apple’s demands. Back in 23 May this year, a top government official told Reuters that the government had offered Apple Inc the option to import mobile handset components intended for use in local manufacturing tax-free. The tax concessions will be subject to the condition of increasing local value addition over a period of time. Among a set of tax concessions, Apple had initially sought a 15-years tax holiday for all components that it would import for setting up a manufacturing facility in India. A panel of ministries rejected that demand and has offered a phased programme to increase the share of local production in the manufacturing, Aruna Sundararajan, Secretary at the Ministry of Electronics and IT said. Whether or not Apple ends up manufacturing in India. The benefits of the same seem to be far and few. Apple seems to gain more out this deal than its customers in India, who will barely see a price difference when these locally manufactured smartphones go on sale officially. Publish date: May 31, 2017 2:30 pm| Modified date: May 31, 2017 2:30 pm Tags: Apple, Apple India, Apple iPhone, Apple iPhone manufacturing, Apple tax benefits, iPhone India manufacturing, Wistron Also read WWDC 2017: Apple’s mobile OS is in need of an overhaul, here’s what we want to see in iOS 11 Apple will start streaming ‘Carpool Karaoke’ for Apple Music subscribers from 8 August X Recommended For You WWDC 2017: Here’s what Apple has in store for this year’s event WWDC 2017: Here is what to expect at Apple’s annual developer conference Will technology portfolios still lead the US stocks? WWDC 2017: Apple to announce better Siri integration with apps, will take a different route from Amazon’s Alexa Subscribe to our newsletter GO You are Now Subscribed to our Newsletter - Stay Tuned ! FOLLOW US ON LAPTOP Reviews Rating : 6 / 10 Acer TravelMate P449 review: A sensible, understated design marred by a poor display unit Rating : 8 / 10 MSI GT73VR 7RF gaming laptop review: Ludicrous performance at a ludicrous price Rating : 8 / 10 Asus ROG Strix GL553VE laptop review: A well-designed powerhouse Rating : 7.5 / 10 Acer Aspire S13 review: This might just be the best Windows-based Ultrabook in its price range #Extremism Jun 5, 2017 Here is how governments are fighting the spread of extremism on the internet #EVM Jun 5, 2017 CPI-M calls for discussion on the design choices of EVMs with EC and parties #Partnered May 15, 2017 Selfie experience just gone better with OPPO’s new F3 smartphones #hackathon Jun 5, 2017 BEL and Botswana deny holding any hackathon to test EVM machines #Virtual Reality Jun 5, 2017 Virtual reality capable of soothing pain #Smartphone Jun 5, 2017 Researchers create a new “Miracle Material” with unbreakable properties SMARTPHONE Reviews Rating : 7.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy A5 (2017) review: A well-built phone that lives or dies by Samsung Pay Rating : 6.5 / 10 Vivo Y66 smartphone review: An uninspiring device that packs a decent camera Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus ZenFone 3 Laser Review: Borderline decent smartphone, with an unfortunate price tag Rating : 6.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime: Great battery life; but competition offers better value for money T & C Policy Contact Us फर्स्टपोस्ट हिन्दी Copyright © 2017 Tech2.com
    Logged In! To log in, enter your info below. Close Email Password Log In Need a new password? Need to create an account? Close Thanks for submitting a comment! Please check your email for a link that, when clicked, will verify that you're a real person and cause your comment to appear immediately. Close Post a Comment In reply to “ ” Your comment Remaining characters: 0 Your name Your email   Our terms: We reserve the right to edit or delete any comment, so please post thoughtfully. We use your email address only to send you a one-time verification message confirming that you posted this comment. We also store your address to allow you to verify using other Web browsers in the future. For more info, see our privacy policy. Close     Get TidBITS via... Email  RSS  Podcast  Twitter  Facebook  iOS App  My Account  Log In Create Account Subscriptions Account Info Logout About Accounts Member Benefits Sections  Apple Watch Business Apps Entertainment External Links Home Macs Inside TidBITS iPhone iPad iPod Just for Fun Macs & Mac OS X Media Creation Networking Opinion Problem Solving Safe Computing Tech News Watchlist Weekly Issues  Issue #   #1370, 22 May 17 #1369, 15 May 17 #1368, 08 May 17 #1367, 01 May 17 #1366, 24 Apr 17 #1365, 17 Apr 17 #1364, 10 Apr 17 #1363, 03 Apr 17 #1362, 27 Mar 17 Back Issues About TidBITS  About Us Advertise Contact Copyright Privacy   TidBITS Members Smile ScanSnap   Thoughtful, detailed coverage of the Mac, iPhone, and iPad, plus the TidBITS Content Network for Apple consultants.     Pick an apple!  Become a TidBITS member!     TidBITS Watchlist DEVONthink/DEVONnote 2.9.12 Caboodle 2.0.1 iMovie 10.1.6 BBEdit 11.6.6 HoudahGeo 5.1.9 OmniOutliner Essentials and Pro 5.0.4 TextExpander 6.2.1 Things 3.0.2 Microsoft Office 2016 15.34 and Office 2011 14.7.4 Mellel 3.5.3     Related Articles Security Update 2017-002 (Yosemite and El Capitan) (18 May 17) Safari 10.1.1 (18 May 17)     Published in TidBITS 1369. Subscribe to our weekly email edition. DealBITS Discount: Save 20% on the iBooks Author Conference 2017 Apple to Deprecate 32-bit iOS Apps 4 Things to Consider Before Enabling iCloud Photo Library Lightening the Vacation Tech Load TidBITS Watchlist: Notable Software Updates for 15 May 2017 ExtraBITS for 15 May 2017     x Welcome to TidBITS! We make our articles available via RSS, and in a weekly curated email newsletter. You can also support our work by becoming a member, and receive several benefits.   Close To help us avoid automated posts and misuse of our site, please enter the words below. Close Gerberding Thanks for your interest in forwarding this article via email! Please fill in your email address and that of the recipient below. You can also include a short message. Close Send to* Your email* Your name* Your message * indicates required fields To help us avoid automated attempts to spam recipients, please enter the words below. Macs & Mac OS X | 15 May 2017 | Print  | Comment (11) Apple Releases macOS 10.12.5, iOS 10.3.2, watchOS 3.2.2, and tvOS 10.2.1 by Josh Centers Focusing on bug and security fixes, Apple today updated all of its operating systems: macOS 10.12.5, iOS 10.3.2, watchOS 3.2.2, and tvOS 10.2.1. As always, it pays to wait at least a few days to install these updates. We haven’t heard of any problems out of the gate, but Apple was so parsimonious with release notes that it’s hard to muster much enthusiasm for updating right away. It’s best to err on the side of caution this time. macOS 10.12.5 -- macOS 10.12.5 Sierra is available via Software Update, where it’s a roughly 894 MB download. Alternatively, you can instead download a delta updater (for 10.12.4, 2.15 GB) or combo updater (from any version of 10.12, 2.15 GB). Release notes are sparse, but practically long-winded compared to the notes for the other OS updates. Identified improvements include a fix for an issue where audio may stutter when played through USB headphones, a mysterious claim of enhanced Mac App Store compatibility with future updates, and added support for media-free installations of the Windows 10 Creators Update in Boot Camp. macOS 10.12.5 includes 30 security fixes. iOS 10.3.2 -- The roughly 200 MB iOS 10.3.2 update can be installed in Settings > General > Software Update or via iTunes. However, the release notes say only, “iOS 10.3.2 includes bug fixes and improves the security of your iPhone or iPad.” Remember when we reported on the bugs that caused Mail to ignore named anchors like the article list at the top of TidBITS issues (see “Mail in El Capitan and iOS 9 Ignores Named Anchors,” 5 January 2016)? Apple did fix the problem in Mail in Sierra at some point, but the company didn’t address it in iOS 10, and it remains unfixed in iOS 10.3.2. If only we could make the case that it was a security vulnerability. iOS 10.3.2 integrates 23 security fixes. watchOS 3.2.2 -- Don’t expect more detail from the watch OS 3.2.2 release notes, which offer only the even terser, “This update includes improvements and bug fixes.” You install the 41.7 MB update via the Watch app on your iPhone (in Watch > Settings > General > Software Update). Remember that the Apple Watch must be on its charger, charged to at least 50 percent, and within range of your iPhone, which itself must be on Wi-Fi. Don’t start installing if you’ll want to use the watch again within an hour or so — watchOS updates take surprisingly long to load. watchOS 3.2.2 features 10 security fixes. tvOS 10.2.1 -- With the tvOS 10.2.1 update, Apple is willing to cop only to “This update includes general performance and stability improvements.” You can get the tvOS 10.2 update on your fourth-generation Apple TV via Settings > System > Software Updates > Update Software. tvOS 10.2.1 offers 14 security fixes.   READERS LIKE YOU! Support TidBITS by becoming a member today! Check out the perks at <http://tidbits.com/member_benefits.html> Special thanks to Alberic Muller, John Gordon, Norman Stoehr, and Joseph Fanelli for their generous support!   Comments about Apple Releases macOS 10.12.5, iOS 10.3.2, watchOS 3.2.2, and tvOS 10.2.1 To leave a comment, click Add a Comment and then enter the text, your name, and your email address (which won't be displayed). Your comment will appear after you follow a link in the one-time confirmation message we send to verify that you're a real person. Apple has updated all of its operating systems with bug fixes and various improvements. Receive comments via RSS Add a comment Jim Clarke   2017-05-15 17:09 I just updated my iPad (Air 2) in the hope that the ignores-IMAP-path-prefix bug in Mail would be fixed. It was, and the iPad otherwise seems in working order too. Phew. Reply Dennis B. Swaney  2017-05-15 19:08 Hmmm, if the fixes aren't important enough for Apple to list, then they aren't important enough for me to waste time installing them and the possibility they will brick my iDevices. Reply Simon  2017-05-15 19:46 I'd have to agree with that. Apple not telling people what they update (a simple list would be fine) but expecting users to just follow blindly is simply rude. No wonder power users are so cautious to update. Reply Adam Engst   2017-05-15 20:22 From the bug fix standpoint, that's certainly true, and we don't recommend installing it now. But you really do want to install it at some point, since there are a bunch of security fixes, which Apple does describe. Reply Phil Seymour  2017-05-15 21:43 I read the 30 security fixes for OSX or whatever they want to call Sierra these days. It seems that the same sloppy coding that doesn't enable all the functions in software programs since the last update is responsible for a bunch of holes in the security of most everything. It's a good thing I did a complete backup last night so I can reinstall some previous version in case this update is just like the last one. Reply B. Jefferson Le Blanc  2017-05-15 23:39 Right. Backing up is good to do, or something like that. It should go without saying that heads-up TidBITS readers always back up before applying an update/upgrade, unfortunately that's not the case. Forewarned is forearmed, however. If you don't back up your system before one of these updates, any trouble you encounter is your own darn fault. Your negligence is not Apple's responsibility. Of course we'd like to know if you do run into trouble so we can know what to look out for. It's also good to know what's fixed. For instance, has Apple resolved any more of the issues with PDFKit? I would hope to hear about this from some TidBITS contributors who have reported on the problems with recent versions of the macOS and PDF documents. Reply Adam Engst   2017-05-16 10:26 What I'd really hope is that TidBITS readers would know to have a backup strategy that involves a constantly updated Time Machine backup, a nightly bootable duplicate, and an off-site backup done via CrashPlan or Backblaze. Then, no matter what, it's easy to restore even if things go south with an upgrade. :-) Reply nick304  2017-05-17 18:53 Totally agree about not knowing about PDFKit. This is the one thing which has totally stopped me from upgrading to Sierra, and I won't do so until I know for certain that the PDFKit problems have been resolved. It really frustrates me that Apple do not acknowledge the problems and address the status of the fixes in their release notes. I know they don't like admitting fault, but I depend on PDFs and need to know the OS is not going to screw them up - I can't afford the hassle of them being broken. Reply Jon Hall  2017-05-16 06:20 That list of changes is a sight for sore eyes. Long may they continue (and grow in substance)! Thank you, Apple! Reply Adam Engst   2017-05-24 17:05 I've now checked in with my sources, and the word on PDFKit changes in 10.12.5 is that there don't seem to be any. No one saw any fixes, either to older bugs or those introduced in 10.12.4. See http://tidbits.com/article/17152 Reply Duane  2017-05-24 18:57 Obviously others have had better results, but I've tried to install the latest Mac OS update, and the Mac won't complete the installation or boot. I had to boot from a Carbon Copy clone and copy it to the internal disk. I also tried using the recovery disk to do a complete system install, with the same result. I'd be glad if anyone can suggest a solution. Reply To leave a comment, click Add a Comment and then enter the text, your name, and your email address (which won't be displayed). Your comment will appear after you follow a link in the one-time confirmation message we send to verify that you're a real person. Apple has updated all of its operating systems with bug fixes and various improvements. Add a comment  Search   Cached. Unless otherwise noted, this article is copyright © 2017 Josh Centers TidBITS is copyright © 2017 TidBITS Publishing Inc. Reuse governed by Creative Commons License. About TidBITS | Advertise with TidBITS! | Contact Info | Copyright Terms | Privacy Policy  
The Hollywood Reporter Movies TV Business Style Politics Tech Culture Awards Video Sites Heat Vision Live Feed Esq The Race Behind the Screen Bastard Machine Rambling Reporter The Fien Print Subscribe Newsletters Site Tools Login Daily Edition TV Reviews Forecast Live Feed Roundtables Emmys Mr. Robot Premieres 100 Favorite TV Shows Apple Sets 'Carpool Karaoke' Premiere After Delay 1:25 PM PDT 5/30/2017 by Natalie Jarvey FACEBOOK TWITTER EMAIL ME PRINT COMMENTS Courtesy of Apple Music John Legend and Alicia Keys on 'Carpool Karaoke' The spinoff of the popular 'Late Late Show With James Corden' segment was originally scheduled to bow in the spring. Apple has set a new premiere date for its Carpool Karaoke spinoff series after delaying the show's spring release.  The program is now set to debut Aug. 8 on streaming service Apple Music. Carpool Karaoke, which will expand the popular segment from CBS' The Late Late Show With James Corden into 16 half-hour episodes, will pair celebrities as they drive around town together. Corden is expected to appear in an episode but will not host the series, which instead will feature celebrity pairings including Shakira and Trevor Noah; Game of Thrones stars Sophie Turner and Maisie Williams; Queen Latifah and Jada Pinkett Smith; John Legend, Alicia Keys and Taraji P. Henson; and Miley, Noah, Billy Ray and the entire Cyrus family. Corden will be paired with Will Smith and LeBron James for separate installments. The series was first announced in July last year and was planned for a spring release. But in late April, Apple canceled a party tied to the show's premiere and a spokeswoman said that it would be released "later this year."  Produced by CBS Television Studios and Fulwell 73, the production company of Late Late Show executive producer Ben Winston, Carpool Karaoke is part of a original programming push at Apple, which has been looking for music-related series and specials to bulk up its Apple Music offering. The company is also planning the launch of Planet of the Apps, a competition series featuring mentors including Gwyneth Paltrow, Jessica Alba and Will.i.am. Apple had said that Planet would debut this spring, but has yet to announce a premiere date. Dr. Dre, who along with Jimmy Iovine sold headphone company Beats Electronics to Apple in 2014, also has a semi-autobiographical drama in the works with Apple, which has yet to confirm its plans for the project.  When Carpool Karaoke premieres, it will be made available to subscribers of Apple Music, which costs $10 per month. New episodes will be released every Tuesday.  FACEBOOK TWITTER EMAIL ME PRINT COMMENTS Natalie Jarvey [email protected] NatJarv Comments comments powered by Disqus The Hollywood Reporter © 2017 The Hollywood Reporter All rights reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy | Sitemap | About Our Ads About Us Login Daily Edition Subscribe Subscriber Services Back Issues Advertising Contact Us Careers Industry Jobs Follow Us On Twitter Find Us On Facebook Watch Us On Youtube Our affiliate publications Billboard Vibe Spin Stereogum Death and Taxes
Jump to Navigation AU EDITION | Monday, June 05, 2017 As of 2:00 PM AEST Subscribe AU Edition Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition U.K. Edition U.S. Edition FOLLOW | Make IBT your homepage Search Home Business News Sports Life Entertainment Technology MacBook Pro 2018: Teased Intel Coffee Lake chips carry same 16 GB RAM issue of 2016 model By Ryan Patrick on May 31 2017 6:21 PM 0 0 0 0 Customers look at MacBook Pros, during the official opening of the largest Apple shop in southern Europe, at Passeig de Gracia in Barcelona July 28, 2012. Reuters/Albert Gea With the Worldwide Developers Conference fast approaching, most are keeping their fingers crossed for the much-talked about release of an upgraded MacBook Pro. While most know that the refreshed notebook will most likely sport an Intel Kaby Lake chipset, it seems logical that an eventual MacBook Pro 2018 will come with a more powerful chipset. Coffee powered MacBook Pro in 2018? According to Apple Insider, the Cupertino company teased the potential release of a MacBook Pro 2018 backed by an Intel Coffee Lake SoC. This would be Intel’s 8th generation processor, pegged to be 30 percent faster than the current Intel Kaby Lake chipset.  Those should be angles worth looking into, though the amount of power in the Intel Coffee Lake chipsets comes a bit of a surprise. This is mainly because of the fact that Intel previously claimed that the next chips would offer performance improvement of only 15 percent.  Intel brands the Intel Coffee Lake as an optimisation of the current Intel Kaby Lake. They are targeting the second half of 2017 to release these new chips.  Going back to the fate of future MacBook Pros, the release date of the Intel Coffee Lake will be crucial. Most know that the Intel Skylake-backed MacBook Pro 2016 garnered disappointment. A lot of it had to do with the timing of the release of the Intel Kaby Lake chipset, something that only stabilised earlier this year.  The 16 GB RAM problem is back While the added power to a MacBook Pro 2018 should be something, there may be bumps ahead. The problem rekindles an issue tied to the MacBook Pro 2016 – the RAM.  In the event that the MacBook Pro 2018 comes with Intel Coffee Lake, it will not include support for LPDDR4. This means that such would allow quantities of memory to be used without requiring the use of a new RAM controller. Instead, it may be best for the MacBook Pro 2018 to consider using the Intel Cannon Lake. These are chipsets produced using a 10-nm process – something that offers a reduction in power usage. The only problem is that there is no certainty when these chips will be shipped.  For now, it would be best to focus on whether an upgraded MacBook Pro 2017 will be shown at the WWDC 2017 on June 5. A launch could hamper the regular schedule of the Cupertino company and may eventually dictate when to expect a MacBook Pro 2018. Submit Correction 0 0 0 Related Apple makes uncanny changes to fastest and free delivery dates for 2016 MacBook Pro models MacBook Pro 2016 buyers may curse Apple with immediate update to famed laptop Join the Discussion 0 0 0 Search Most Shared Most Read 1 Crowdfunding, millennial buyers and higher mortgage rule real estate in 2017 0 Shares 2 Sam Heughan supports young actors in Scotland 0 Shares 3 ‘Outlander’ season 3: Caitriona Balfe shares picture from set 0 Shares 4 'Outlander' season 3: Jungle shoot begins 0 Shares 5 ‘Outlander’ season 3 filming ‘almost finished’ 0 Shares 6 ‘Poldark’ season 3: French Revolution adds to Ross’ troubles 0 Shares 7 Rafael Nadal vs Robin Haase live stream: Watch 2017 French Open online 0 Shares 8 Tennis official slams Roger Federer: 'We can't count on him anymore' 0 Shares 9 ‘Vikings’ season 5: Heahmund is on the show for a particular reason, says Jonathan Rhys Meyers 0 Shares 10 ‘Vikings’ season 5: Sigurd’s death questioned; Ragnar’s son could still be alive 0 Shares Follow Us Please enter a valid email Like us Follow us Full site feed Aussies hit worst at Microsoft Outlook global outage Uber to hike fares and add booking fee in Australian cities from June ACCC allows providers to pass on internet tax to consumers Topshop Australia enters voluntary administration; Sir Philip Green's Arcadia takes over First-home buyer activity in NSW to surge on July 1: CoreLogic Foreign investors to endure doubled taxes as NSW supports the 'Australian dream' More Business Economy Markets Companies Real Estate Banking & Finance FDA to require restaurants to post nutritional info for their menu starting May 5 Melania Trump welcomes Queen Rania of Jordan, heads to an all-girls school Pump hydro storage can help build 100 percent renewable energy grid Study shows Western Australians are unhappiest at work; older, female employees are more satisfied Egyptians unite after church bombing; Abdel Fatah el-Sisi declares state of emergency Trump to visit China; Xi approves 100-day trade talks plan More News Australia Asia Pacific Africa The Americas Europe Middle East 2017 NBA Finals live streaming: Watch Warriors vs Cavs Game 1 online, preview 2017 NBA Draft: Lonzo Ball to Lakers is not a lock, per new report Tony Romo broadcasting career may be cut short if the NFL itch returns 2017 French Open: Nick Kyrgios feels coach Sebastien Grosjean is a calming influence Samoa Joe favored to win Fatal-Five-Way and face Brock Lesnar for Universal title Australia vs New Zealand live stream: How to watch the ICC Champions Trophy 2017 online, preview More Sports AFL NRL Rugby Union Cricket Soccer Tennis Motor Sports Basketball NFL Fight Sports More MacBook Pro 2018 possibly armed with 30-percent more Intel chip power Tesla Model 3 leaked feature worry experts Aussies hit worst at Microsoft Outlook global outage Steam sale: Pay only US$1.99 for 10 games with the Cryptic Bundle 7 Acer Predator Triton 700 gaming laptop specs, price and release details Apple rolls out second beta of near-perfect iOS 10.3.3 More Life Environment & Science Health & Wellbeing Gaming Technology Travel & Food Fashion & Beauty Art & Design 'The Originals' season 4 episode 10 spoilers: Klaus invites his siblings over; Freya convinces Hayley to join her; Kol is torn in ‘Phantomesque’ [Trailer] 'The 100' season 5 poster competition open to 'talented' fandom ‘Star Wars: The Last Jedi’ spoilers: Darth Vader suit piece TV shows and movies coming to Netflix in June 2017 'The Amazing Race' 29 Finale recap: #TeamBrookeandScott wins 'TAR' 29 'Grey's Anatomy' season 14 spoilers: With Megan alive, Nathan and Meredith love story is threatened; not like a McDreamy part 2 More Entertainment Movies TV Celebrities Music McLaren 570GT Review: Grand, But No Touring Car IBTimes Newsletters Sign up to get the latest headlines delivered to your inbox every morning. We value your privacy. Your email address will not be shared. Sections Home Business News Sports Life Entertainment IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Careers Contact Terms of Service Privacy Policy IBT Media Syndication Editions Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Home About Advertise Newsletter Contact World Shake-up looming at T-Systems Editor's pick Netflix shows are all hits – until they aren’t Home Gadgets & Reviews In-depth Jerm News Opinion Adii Pienaar Adrian Schofield Alan Cameron Alan Knott-Craig Jr Aleks Gostev Alison Gillwald Alistair Fairweather Andrew Fraser Andrew Rens Andy Marken Angus Brown Angus Hay Anton Harber Anton Meyer Antony Seeff Arno du Toit Art Coviello Ayo Ajayi Bradley Shaw Brandon Purcell Brett Parker Cameron MacKenzie Candice Jones Chris Moerdyk Chris Roper Craig Lappan Craig Neill Craig Raw Craig Wilson Danie Nel Danie Pienaar Darryl Bernstein Dave Gale Dave MacDonald David Glance David Liu David Walker De Wet Bisschoff Denis Smit Dirk de Vos Dominic Cull Don MacRobert Duncan McLeod Eckart Zollner Elaine de Beer Eric Edelstein Eric MK Osiakwan Erika van der Merwe Etienne Louw Faith Muthambi Francisco Khoza Francois Beyleveld Fungai Sibanda Gaelyn Scott Gareth Knight Gavin Davis Genna Robb Georg Kahle Gerard Soverall Gill Moodie Gisèle Wertheim Aymés Gizela Parker Graham Beneke Graham Braum Graham Friend Greg Mahlknecht Gregory Serandos Guy Zibi Helen Zille Henk Kleynhans Herman Blignaut Hillary Clinton Hilton Tarrant Howard Blake Howard Rybko Ihab Moawad Indra de Lanerolle Isaac Mophatlane Ismail Vadi Ivo Vegter Jacques Rousseau Jacqui O'Sullivan James Francis James Selfe Jan Dawson Jana van Zyl Jannie van Zyl Jason Norwood-Young Jason Xenopoulos Jasson Urbach Joe Mjwara Jose Dos Santos Juanita Clark Justin McCarthy Justin Schwellnus Justin Spratt Karl Muller Kathleen Rice Keith Jones Keith Thabo Kenny Inggs Kevin Phillips Lara Pienaar Lawrence Lundy Leon G Marincowitz Leon Louw Lisa Thornton Lloyd Gedye Luke Muller Maphanga Maseko Marc Ashton Marcel Kramer Marian Shinn Marius Burger Mark Acton Mark Pretorius Mark Seftel Mark Taylor Mark Whitby Martha Bennett Matthew French Michael Jordaan Mike Mulcahy Mophethe Moletsane Muzi Makhaye Nafisa Akabor Nathan Jeffery Nathaniel Borenstein Neil Campbell Neil Watson Nic Callegari Nick Crail Nick Jones Owen Dean Pallo Jordan Paris Mashile Pascal Matzke Patricia de Lille Patrick Gaspard Paul Jacobson Paul Theron Peter Karaszi Peter Streicher Peter Walsh Pieter Steyn Prenesh Padayachee Pria Chetty Rachel Sikwane Regardt van der Berg Reshaad Sha Richard Firth Richard Mullins Rob Lith Roger Hislop Romeo Kumalo Russel Yeo Russell Lamberti Russell Southwood Ryk van Niekerk Saki Missaikos Sasha Naryshkine Schalk Nolte Shameel Joosub Shashi Hansjee Simon Dingle Sipho Hlongwane Sipho Maseko Siya Qoza Siyabonga Cwele Siyabonga Madyibi Songezo Zibi Steve Song Steven Ambrose Steven Cohen Styli Charalambous Sunil Gopal Suveer Ramdhani Tawana Kupe Thabiso Moerane Tim Genders Tim James Tim Parle Tim Shier Tim Walter Tim Wyatt-Gunning Timothy Kroon Toby Shapshak Tony Gunnarsson Verashni Pillay Vicky Stilwell Vincent Hoogduijn Vinolan David William Stucke Willington Ngwepe Yunus Carrim Zunaid Bulbulia People Podcasts TalkCentral TechCentral ZA Tech Show Start-ups Weekend About Advertise Newsletter Contact Why Apple is building an AI chip Augmented reality and digital assistants are not the only applications of AI that will become important on mobile devices. By David Glance. Added by David Glance on 31 May 2017. Saved under In-depth, Top Tags: Apple, David Glance, Google, Qualcomm Tweet Apple is reportedly working on a chip called the Apple Neural Engine, which would be dedicated to carrying out artificial intelligence (AI) processing on its mobile devices. The addition of this type of capability would catalyse the use of AI on mobile devices. Although it is already being used extensively to power digital assistants like Siri and Google Assistant, these technologies rely on computer servers to process data sent to them rather than the processing happening on the mobile device itself. Augmented reality and digital assistants are not the only applications of AI that will become important on mobile devices. Once the capability is made available to all mobile application developers, it will bring new types of capabilities to mobile devices. Health applications, for example, will be able to tell when body readings from sensors on the phone or associated wearable devices are abnormal and need acting on. But the uses are potentially limitless and will bring about a new phase in how we rely on applications and our mobile devices in everyday life. And they will work, even when the device is not connected to the Internet. Strictly speaking, a specific processor is not an essential requirement for using AI on a mobile phone. Chip maker Qualcomm, for example, has provided a software-based approach, called the Snapdragon Neural Processing Engine, to allow developers using their chips to incorporate AI into their software. An example of this is a car that monitors the driver using a camera and warns when they are using their smartphone or driving erratically. Specific AI hardware, however, greatly speeds up the process called “machine learning” and allows for more sophisticated types of AI to be used. Google’s AI hardware, called the Tensor Processing Unit, is 15 to 30 times faster than the fastest computer processors (CPUs) and graphic processors (GPUs) that power computers today. These TPUs were what gave Google’s DeepMind its ability to beat the world champions of the Chinese game of Go. These TPUs also have vastly improved Google’s automated language translation software, Google Translate. The inclusion of AI in mobile software is going to massively increase the potential usefulness of that software and through that, how much we come to depend on the mobile phone. Our state of health, for example, is really about how we are doing relative to how we normally feel. Changes in behaviour can signal changes in mental health, including conditions like dementia and Parkinson’s. They can also be precursors of illnesses such as diabetes as well as respiratory and cardiovascular diseases. Our phones could monitor patterns of activity and even how we walk. This ability would be based on the software learning our normal patterns and once having detected a change, decide what to do about it. The phone would be part of a self-directed ecosystem of intelligent and autonomous machines, including cars. Not only is the driving of autonomous cars completely dependent on AI to function, it is likely that people will eventually share the use of these cars when needed, rather than owning one themselves. AI will again be essential for managing how this sharing functions to manage the most efficient distribution of cars, directing which cars need to pick up which clients. To do this, the scheduling AI service will need to liaise with AI software on everyone’s phones to determine where and when they will be at a given location and where they need to get to. AI on a mobile device will also increasingly be used to keep the device protected, checking if applications and communications are secure or likely to be a threat. This technology is already being implemented in smart home appliances, but as software. The addition of special AI chips will allow them to be much faster and to do more. Researchers are also looking at analysing the way we move as a means of uniquely identifying the wearer of a device. AI will essentially be able to fill in and apply the understanding and knowledge that not everyone possesses. Even if they do, remembering to do something, even when it is in your own best interest, is sometimes hard. There is a counterargument to the benefits of increasing the intelligence of mobile devices, however. This is the fear that as we come to rely on devices to do things, we will lose the ability to maintain that skill and that this will eventually impact on a person’s overall cognitive ability, or at least on their ability to operate without the AI. The successful outcome of having an AI assisting depends on the user following its advice, and this is something that people may not be that good at doing. David Glance is director of the UWA Centre for Software Practice, University of Western Australia This article was originally published on The Conversation Share this article Tweet Connect with TechCentral Follow TechCentral on Twitter Connect with TechCentral on Facebook Connect with TechCentral on Google+ Subscribe to our newsletter Articles by comments (7 days) 15Nokia’s 3310 is great … if you live in 2002 5‘Kill 3G, not 2G’ 4LG needs a smarter bet than OLED 4Microsoft’s Eskom problem 3Podcast | MTN SA tech chief Giovanni Chiarelli Home About Advertise Newsletter Contact RSS ↑ TechCentral TechCentral Log in - (c) 2009 - 2015 NewsCentral Media
CNET Reviews Best Products Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Monitors Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Software Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Forums News Apple Computers Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte CNET Top 5 How To Googlicious Smart Home Tech Today News Next Big Thing Special Features CNET Podcasts Laptops Phones Tablets TVs How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Best smart home devices How To News Tour our smart apartment Tour our smart house Product Compatibility Amazon Alexa Apple HomeKit Belkin WeMo Google Home Lutron Nest Philips Hue Samsung SmartThings Wink Cars Best Cars News Reviews Recalls Pictures AutoComplete Carfection Cooley On Cars Concept Cars Electric Cars How to buy the best Coupe Crossover Electric Vehicle Family Car Hybrid Minivan Sedan Truck Games Download Search Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET Signed in as My Profile My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español Can Andy Rubin get Apple, Google and Amazon to play nice? For the Android creator's vision for consumer devices to pan out, he needs to get tech giants and wireless carriers to reach a level of kumbaya. It's no easy feat. Phones by Richard Nieva 31 May 2017 6:26 am BST @richardjnieva Android creator Andy Rubin shows off his newest creation: The Essential phone Asa Mathat/Vox Media Android creator Andy Rubin early Tuesday unveiled his vision for the future of consumer devices: Phones with software that's not consumed with bloatware or extra features from carriers like AT&T or Verizon. Devices in your home that all connect and communicate with each other, regardless of whether they're made by Apple or Samsung or Google. His new company has an equally audacious name: Essential. But how can he succeed where so many others have failed -- to make his brand pro-consumer in a way that makes all the other tech and wireless giants play nicely? For now, his answer isn't very specific.  "I'm trying as hard as I can," Rubin said Tuesday evening at Recode's Code Conference in Rancho Palos Verdes, California. He was answering a question about preventing carriers from adding bloatware -- extra apps from handset makers and carriers -- to your phone. Earlier in the day, Rubin gave us our first glimpse at Essential. So far there are two main products: A high-end titanium phone with attachable components, like a 360-degree camera. The second is a smart home hub called Home, which competes with the Amazon Alexa and Google Home. Other devices are expected in the future. During the Code Conference interview, Rubin said the goal for his smart home devices is to create an open ecosystem that supports different standards and protocols. To do that, he's created a new operating system called Ambient OS, though details about it are still scant. The hope is for Home to support the digital assistants from all the various tech titans: Amazon's Alexa, Google's Assistant, Apple's Siri -- not to mention a new assistant from Essential. There's a "trick" to that, he said, by plugging into those companies' developer tools, which allow app makers to build for those ecosystems. Still, getting a company like Apple to open up its platform is no easy feat. "I'm going to offer to support all those," he said. "And it's really up to the companies that support all those ecosystems if they want to work with me." Representatives from Apple, Google and Amazon didn't immediately respond to requests for comment. The uncertainty over being able to work with big tech companies underscores just how hard it is to make a dent in the consumer electronics market. Newcomers have to navigate a space occupied by powerful tech giants with can have tight control over how their devices work with other products. "Everybody's creating an island by creating their own ecosystem," Rubin said. "Building bridges is the best way to describe what we're doing with the Home device." For Rubin, Essential is a test to see if he can make lightning strike again. As the creator of Android, he brought the smartphone to the masses. In 2005, he sold the startup to Google for $50 million and shepherded it to the most dominant mobile software in the world. Android now runs on 2 billion devices and almost nine out of every 10 smartphones shipped on the planet runs Android. Rubin left Google in 2014, where he had most recently been running the company's nascent robotics division. His followup act was Playground Global, a tech incubator -- techspeak for a company that nurtures young startups -- that specifically helps firms creating hardware products. Essential itself is one of Playground's portfolio companies. On Tuesday evening, Rubin showed off the Essential devices for the first time publicly. He also gave a few other tidbits about devices. The attachments connect through magnetics and wireless USB, and they attach in a way that if Essential radically changes the physical design of the phone, the attachments would still be usable. For now, he's said he's selling the devices on Essential's website but later will get distribution through carriers and other retailers. But he still doesn't have many specifics on how he'll get the tech giants and carriers to get on a kumbaya level. What he will say, though, is that he doesn't want Essential to be just a niche brand. "We're going for it," he said. "We're swinging for the fences." It's Complicated: This is dating in the age of apps. Having fun yet? These stories get to the heart of the matter. Tech Enabled: CNET chronicles tech's role in providing new kinds of accessibility. Share your voice 0 comments Tags Phones More stories Want a smarter phone? IBM and Samsung bring you: Nanosheets! Android Pay is ready for all your New Taiwan dollars Shiver me timbers! A pirate-themed Galaxy S8 lands in China Best phones of 2017 Close   Discuss: Can Andy Rubin get Apple, Google and Amazon... Conversation powered by Livefyre Next Article: Hey Apple, can you top Google and Facebook at AR and AI? What's new to watch online for June Jenji Kohan brings Netflix the fifth season of "Orange is the New Black" and a new show focusing on the world of women's professional wrestling. by Iyaz Akhtar by Ariel Nunez 1:12 Google Chrome to block ads, and a new phone turns heads In this week's wrap-up, Google announces Chrome will protect users against the most annoying ads. Meanwhile, a new company called Essential unveils a phone with a barely there bezel. by Iyaz Akhtar 1:16 Close Drag Autoplay: ON Autoplay: OFF CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
Home Latest News Nation World Business Cities Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Opinion Education Photos Videos Explained Good News Trending Astrology Photo News Today’s Paper See More See Less Search for:   Nation World Cities Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos Blogs ePaper Latest News India dodge rain, crush Pakistan in insipid opener Indian Army to open doors to women in combat roles: General Bipin Rawat Rajiv Gandhi’s statue damaged, Congress declares protest School principal held in Bihar topper case Day two of NIA raids: Hurriyat leader, businessmen’s homes searched London Bridge terror attack live updates: Vehicle rampage in one area, stabbing in Borough market, 7 feared dead Germany will allow protests at G20: Answer is in conversation Mamata Banerjee pens song for West Bengal, designs ‘unique’ state emblem A little fact-check of Honourable Judge’s cow order in Rajasthan My target is to create 5 crore jobs in the future, and add 3 per cent to the nation’s GDP: Nitin Gadkari Home Technology Mobile & Tabs Andy Rubin’s Essential PH-1 smartphone: How it stacks against Apple iPhone 7 Plus, Galaxy S8+ Andy Rubin’s Essential PH-1 smartphone: How it stacks against Apple iPhone 7 Plus, Galaxy S8+ Andy Rubin's Essential smartphone is a premium one with a Titanium body, an edge-to-edge bezel-less display, and the option of adding a 360-degree camera. Here's how it compares against Apple iPhone 7 Plus and Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus, which are the top-end smartphones Written by Shruti Dhapola | New Delhi | Updated: May 31, 2017 12:57 pm Andy Rubin’s Essential smartphone is a premium one with a Titanium body, an edge-to-edge bezel-less display, and the option of adding a 360-degree camera. Related News Apple WWDC 2017: Look for signs when Tim Cook takes the stage Apple WWDC 2017: iOS 11 to Siri speaker, everything to be announced Samsung India to expand technical training schools to Bengaluru and Jamshedpur Android’s co-creator Andy Rubin is back with a new smartphone called Essential. The Essential smartphone sports a premium design and look, and a price tag of $699. While Rubin’s blog post says they want to offer “premium materials and true craftsmanship,” and this should not be limited to a few people, the pricing of this phone clearly puts it in the league of the top-end smartphones of the world. The Essential smartphone is a premium device with a Titanium body, an edge-to-edge bezel-less display, and the option of adding a 360-degree camera that will just snap onto the phone. How does the Essential smartphone stand against the two premium smartphones in the market, namely the Apple iPhone 7 Plus and Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus? Here’s a quick look at the detailed features. Essential PH-1 vs Apple iPhone 7 Plus vs Samsung Galaxy S8+: Display, Design  Now when it comes to display and design, Essential PH-1 smartphone has something new on the cards. Essential PH-1 smartphone sports a 5.71-inch full edge-to-edge display with “radiused corners,” and a resolution of 2560 x 1312 pixels, which is QHD and the aspect ratio is 19:10. This has a brightness of 500 nits. Dimensions of the Essential smartphone are 141.5 mm (5.57-inches) x 71.1mm (2.79-inches) x 7.8mm (0.3-inches). Despite the big display, the phone is only 5.5-inches in size, thanks to the bezel-less screen. Essential PH-1 also doesn’t come with any case, because the company is so confident of the design. The other interesting bit on the Essential PH-1 smartphone is that it sports a ‘Titanium’ body and not the regular aluminium body we see on devices like Apple’s iPhone 7 Plus, or an all glass and metal one like the Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus. Essential PH-1 also doesn’t come with any case, because the company is so confident of the design. Oh, and there’s Corning Gorilla Glass 5 on top of the display.  Essential also has a “Click cordless connector” for wireless charging your phone, but this will have to be purchased separately and is not on sale yet. Also, the Essential smartphone doesn’t have a headphone jack just like the Apple iPhone 7 series, but the company is providing for a Headphone Adapter (Type C to 3.5mm) in the box. The phone doesn’t have water or dust resistance support like the Apple iPhone 7 Plus or Samsung Galaxy S8+ either. The fingerprint scanner is placed at the back, and there’s no home button on the front of this phone. Samsung Galaxy S8, S8+ also come with an Iris Scanner and Face Recognition feature for unlocking and the ‘Infinity Display.’ Samsung’s new Galaxy S8+ along with the Galaxy S8 come with an ‘Infinity Display’. There are no bezels on the side, but the phone has bezels on the top and bottom. Samsung has done away with the home button on the front, and placed the fingerprint scanner the back of the phone, right next to the camera module. However, this placement hasn’t found so much approval. Samsung Galaxy S8, S8+ also come with an Iris Scanner and Face Recognition feature for unlocking. In terms of specifications, Samsung Galaxy S8, S8+ have much bigger displays at 5.8-inch and 6.2-inch respectively, but again the the bezel-less sides means the overall body size has not increase drastically. Both are 2K SAMOLED screens. The S8’s dimensions are 148.9 x 68.1 x 8.0 mm and while the Samsung Galaxy S8+ has 159.5mm x 73.4 x 8.1mm dimensions. Samsung Galaxy S8+ also has IP68 rating, which means it is water and dust-resistant. The Galaxy S8+ still has a headphone jack for those who care, and the familiar glass and metal design, which does make this phone a bit more fragile. Apple iPhone 7 Plus comes with a 5.5-inch full HD resolution display, and there’s a Jet Black colour option as well. Apple iPhone 7 Plus sports the following dimensions: 158.2 mm x 77.9 mm x 7.3 mm, and comes with an aluminium chassis. Apple iPhone 7 Plus comes with a 5.5-inch full HD resolution display, and there’s a Jet Black colour option as well. The iPhone doesn’t have a headphone jack, and there’s no space for a microSD slot either. However, Apple iPhone 7 Plus comes with IP68 water and dust resistance. But with Apple iPhone 8, we could see the company introduce a bezel-less display just like these phones, though it will go for a glass design. Essential PH-1 vs Apple iPhone 7 Plus vs Samsung Galaxy S8+: Specifications, Battery Essential PH-1 smartphone runs the Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 processor coupled with 4GB  RAM+ 128GB storage. There’s no microSD slot either. Essential PH-1 smartphone has a 3040 mAh battery with fast-charging support via USB-Type C as well as support for wireless charging. The phone also has a magnetic connector with wireless data transfer feature. Essential PH-1 smartphone runs the Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 processor coupled with 4GB  RAM+ 128GB storage. In the US, Samsung Galaxy S8+ runs the Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 processor, but in India this has the  Exynos 8895 processor. Galaxy S8 series comes with 4GB RAM and 64GB storage, which is expandable to 256GB via microSD. Samsung Galaxy S8+ comes with 3400 mAh battery, wireless charging support and fast charging supported. Apple iPhone 7 Plus comes with A10 chip from the company, which is a quad-core one, and has three storage options: 32GB, 128GB and 256GB. Apple iPhone 7 Plus has 3GB RAM, but there’s no support for a microSD card. Essential PH-1 vs Apple iPhone 7 Plus vs Samsung Galaxy S8+: Camera Essential has a 13MP dual camera setup; this includes an RGB and Mono camera sensor on the back. The True monochrome sensor has f/1.85 lens. The rear camera has Hybrid Auto Focus, PDAF, and IR Laser Assist Focus. It is capable of recording at 4K resolution at 30fps, 1080p at 60fps or 720p at 120fps. The front camera is 8MP with 16:9 ratio, and f/2.20 fixed hyperfocal lens. It can also record 4K videos at 30fps, 1080p videos at 60fps or 720p 120fps. The other highlight of the Essential PH-1 is that it comes with support for a 360-degree, which the company claims can be clipped onto the phone. The other highlight of the Essential PH-1 is that it comes with support for a 360-degree, which the company claims can be clipped onto the phone, and is ready to shoot. The camera weighs under 35 grams, 4x microphones in 3D, and  dual 12MP fisheye image sensors with f1.8 aperture and a 210-degree field of view on each sensor. The video resolution is 360-degree UHD (3840 x 1920) at 30fps. Samsung Galaxy S8+ has a 12MP with Samsung’s Dual Pixel technology, and it is capable of delivering some stunning results, even in low-light.  The front camera on the Galaxy S8+ is 8MP with auto-focus. Samsung has not introduced the dual rear camera in the S8 series. Apple iPhone 7 Plus has a dual rear camera as well, which has so far proved to be the leading implementation of this setup. There’s a 12MP + 12 MP camera on the back, out of which one is a telephoto and the second is the wide angle lens. The iPhone 7 Plus has the option for ‘bokeh’ style Portrait mode, where the background gets blurred, and also has 2X optical and 10X digital zoom option. The front camera on the Apple iPhone 7 Plus is 7MP. Essential PH-1 smartphone is not cheap, and comes with a price of $699. Essential PH-1 vs Apple iPhone 7 Plus vs Samsung Galaxy S8+: Price, Availability Essential PH-1 smartphone is not cheap, and comes with a price of $699, and there’s a special bundled version as well with the 360-degree camera at $799.  Now the phone is only available in the US, and it is currently up for pre-orders. It is unclear when this phone will be available in other parts of the world, and clearly this is not something everyone can afford. Samsung Galaxy S8+ is priced at Rs 64,900, while the S8 is priced at Rs 56,990 in India. Apple iPhone 7 Plus starts at Rs 72,000 going up all the way to Rs 92,000, though currently the product is on discount on Flipkart. More Related News Andy Rubin’s Essential sued for infringing intellectual property rights Apple WWDC 2017: Refreshed MacBooks, Siri-powered speaker, and more announcements expected For all the latest Technology News, download Indian Express App © IE Online Media Services Pvt Ltd Tags: Andy Rubin Apple Essential Samsung D Dr Hao Jingsheng May 31, 2017 at 3:51 pm This is to inform the general public Male or Female who are healthy and 100 serious in sel their kidney should urgently contact primus hospital Nigeria. As we have a lot of patients who are here for kidney transplant, A kidney is bought $400,000 00 USD. My name is Doctor Hao Jingsheng, i am a Nephrologist in primus hospital Nigeria. Our hospital specialized in Kidney Surgery/transplant and other organ treatment, we also deal with buying and transplantation of kidneys with a living and healthy donor. We are located in Indian, Turkey, Nigeria, USA, Malaysia,Indonesia,Ghana,Poland,Spain. If you are interested in sel your kidney please don't hesitate to contact us via email: primushospitalnigeria01@yahoo Dr Hao Jingsheng Reply D Dr Hao Jingsheng May 31, 2017 at 4:55 pm hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha Reply D Dr Hao Jingsheng May 31, 2017 at 4:56 pm hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha Reply Most Read India vs Pakistan ICC Champions Trophy 2017: When and where to watch the cricket match, live TV coverage, time in IST India vs Pakistan, ICC Champions Trophy 2017: India beat Pakistan by 124 runs (D/L), Match highlights Kareena Kapoor Khan's son Taimur Ali Khan is gifted with his mom's facial expressions. See these photos to believe Shah Rukh Khan's anger knew no bounds after Ramez Galal's Ramadan TV prank. Watch video MH CET results 2017 declared at dtemaharashtra.gov.in, check now Best of Express Bahrain, Saudi Arabia cut ties with Qatar over internal affairs, terrorism J-K: Four militants killed in an attack on CRPF camp in Bandipora At least 17 dead after bus collides with truck in Bareilly OpinionIt is delusional to celebrate the Aadhaar tidal wave, and criminal to turn a blind eye OpinionThe class of 2017: They must work to stanch the anger that has thrown up leaders like Trump Buzzing Now EntertainmentKareena's son Taimur Ali Khan is gifted with his mom's facial expressions. See these photos to believe EntertainmentShah Rukh Khan's anger knew no bounds after Ramez Galal's Ramadan TV prank. Watch video EntertainmentRanveer Singh is 'missing' Deepika Padukone. Is this finally an acknowledgement of their relationship? See photo TrendingIndia vs Pakistan: Twitterati in splits over Imad Wasim's new hairstyle TrendingIndia vs Pakistan: This camel predicts Pak will defeat India in ICC Champions Trophy match Top News Violence against BJP will make more lotuses bloom in Kerala: Amit Shah TechnologyApple WWDC 2017: Look for signs when Tim Cook takes the stage London terror attack: ISIS claims responsibility, 12 arrested SportsICC Champions Trophy 2017: Cricket goes on in terror attack’s shadow, but some fear fallout SportsIndia vs Pakistan: Mother of all mismatches SportsWATCH: Wild celebrations after India register big win  20 quotes from Arundhati Roy's The God of Small Things that will make you crave for her next book  GQ Best Dressed 2017 red carpet: Shraddha Kapoor, Sayani Gupta, Arjun Kapoor up the style quotient TechnologyApple WWDC 2017: Look for signs when Tim Cook takes the stage TechnologyApple WWDC 2017: Everything to be announced Jun 05: Latest News Oil price rises on tightening supplies, Middle East tensions J-K forest fire: Massive fire ravages 50 hectares of Thanpal forest area in Nowshera US, Australian officials warn of returning foreign fighters Pirates Of The Caribbean actor Kaya Scodelario refuses to pay sick granny’s bills Maharashtra: Earthquake hits Koyna region Shruti DhapolaLooking at technology and web culture.... read more From India to Silicon Valley, how June software cashed in on Apple’s success Mary Meeker Internet trends 2017 report: The top highlights for India Smart Home will take sometime to make gains in India, say LG’s Amit Gujral                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Home Samachar News Finance SPORTS Movies Bawarchi Astrology Videos Gold rates DUBAI GOLD RATES RUPEE Jobs Health Antzill Techtalk Web Sify Search Sify.com News Others Apple's 'Carpool Karaoke' TV series to debut on August 8 Apple's 'Carpool Karaoke' TV series to debut on August 8 Source : Last Updated: Wed, May 31, 2017 12:00 hrs San Francisco, May 31 (IANS) Tech giant Apple has announced that "Carpool Karaoke: The Series" will be available to Apple Music subscribers starting August 8. "Carpool Karaoke: The Series" for Apple Music will welcome a different group of superstars every Tuesday, with new episodes available exclusively to Apple Music subscribers in more than 100 countries. "The show will feature biggest names in music, television, film, sports and pop culture buckling up and belting out their favourite songs for a road trip filled with comedy, conversation and music," Apple said in a post. Celebrity pairings include Will Smith and James Corden; Miley, Noah, Billy Ray and the entire Cyrus family; Shakira and Trevor Noah; Game of Thrones stars Sophie Turner and Maisie Williams; Queen Latifah and Jada Pinkett Smith; John Legend, Alicia Keys and Taraji P. Henson; LeBron James and James Corden; and many more. Based on the segment that has become a global, viral video sensation from the Emmy-winning The Late Late Show with James Corden, "Carpool Karaoke: The Series" is produced for Apple Music by CBS Television Studios and Fulwell 73. --IANS anuj/in/vt SEARCH More from Sify: talking point on sify news Latest Features Modi-fying bilateral relations: PM's four-nation Europe tour 'Mor' about law! Safety belt for doctors Trump weakened European Union, says Germany All is not okay in Ayodhya! About Us Data Center Cloud Computing Servers Cloud Applications Hosting MPLS VPN Network Services Disclaimer Privacy Policy Careers Feedback Advertise Digital © Copyright Sify Technologies Ltd, 1998-2017. All rights reserved
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Bs Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #Markets #Demonetisation #BSTech #GST #BSSpecial News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » News-IANS » General Life returns to normal in Kahsmir Valley Uber fires executive accused of stealing from Google Business Standard Apple's 'Carpool Karaoke' TV series to debut on August 8 IANS  |  San Francisco  May 31, 2017 Last Updated at 11:42 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UVqU5X ALSO READ Adele's 'Carpool Karaoke' named 2016's biggest viral hit on YouTube Madonna twerks on 'Carpool Karaoke' with James Corden George Michael starred in early version of 'Carpool Karaoke' Ed Sheeran to appear on Carpool Karaoke in 2017 Get first glimpse at Bruno Mars' Carpool Karaoke' with James Corden Tech giant Apple has announced that "Carpool Karaoke: The Series" will be available to Apple Music subscribers starting August 8. "Carpool Karaoke: The Series" for Apple Music will welcome a different group of superstars every Tuesday, with new episodes available exclusively to Apple Music subscribers in more than 100 countries. "The show will feature biggest names in music, television, film, sports and pop culture buckling up and belting out their favourite songs for a road trip filled with comedy, conversation and music," Apple said in a post. Celebrity pairings include Will Smith and James Corden; Miley, Noah, Billy Ray and the entire Cyrus family; Shakira and Trevor Noah; Game of Thrones stars Sophie Turner and Maisie Williams; Queen Latifah and Jada Pinkett Smith; John Legend, Alicia Keys and Taraji P. Henson; LeBron James and James Corden; and many more. Based on the segment that has become a global, viral video sensation from the Emmy-winning The Late Late Show with James Corden, "Carpool Karaoke: The Series" is produced for Apple Music by CBS Television Studios and Fulwell 73. --IANS anuj/in/vt (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On Apple's 'carpool Karaoke' Tv Series To Debut On August 8 | News-ians | General PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance Apple's 'Carpool Karaoke' TV series to debut on August 8 Tech giant Apple has announced that "Carpool Karaoke: The Series" will be available to Apple Music subscribers starting August 8. Tech giant Apple has announced that "Carpool Karaoke: The Series" will be available to Apple Music subscribers starting August 8. "Carpool Karaoke: The Series" for Apple Music will welcome a different group of superstars every Tuesday, with new episodes available exclusively to Apple Music subscribers in more than 100 countries. "The show will feature biggest names in music, television, film, sports and pop culture buckling up and belting out their favourite songs for a road trip filled with comedy, conversation and music," Apple said in a post. Celebrity pairings include Will Smith and James Corden; Miley, Noah, Billy Ray and the entire Cyrus family; Shakira and Trevor Noah; Game of Thrones stars Sophie Turner and Maisie Williams; Queen Latifah and Jada Pinkett Smith; John Legend, Alicia Keys and Taraji P. Henson; LeBron James and James Corden; and many more. Based on the segment that has become a global, viral video sensation from the Emmy-winning The Late Late Show with James Corden, "Carpool Karaoke: The Series" is produced for Apple Music by CBS Television Studios and Fulwell 73. --IANS anuj/in/vt (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) IANS Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Apple's 'Carpool Karaoke' TV series to debut on August 8 Tech giant Apple has announced that "Carpool Karaoke: The Series" will be available to Apple Music subscribers starting August 8. "Carpool Karaoke: The Series" for Apple Music will welcome a different group of superstars every Tuesday, with new episodes available exclusively to Apple Music subscribers in more than 100 countries. "The show will feature biggest names in music, television, film, sports and pop culture buckling up and belting out their favourite songs for a road trip filled with comedy, conversation and music," Apple said in a post. Celebrity pairings include Will Smith and James Corden; Miley, Noah, Billy Ray and the entire Cyrus family; Shakira and Trevor Noah; Game of Thrones stars Sophie Turner and Maisie Williams; Queen Latifah and Jada Pinkett Smith; John Legend, Alicia Keys and Taraji P. Henson; LeBron James and James Corden; and many more. Based on the segment that has become a global, viral video sensation from the Emmy-winning The Late Late Show with James Corden, "Carpool Karaoke: The Series" is produced for Apple Music by CBS Television Studios and Fulwell 73. --IANS anuj/in/vt (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) IANS Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
News Sports Life AV Review LV Leader Obits E-Edition Autos Jobs Homes Classifieds Site Site Archive UPDATE: Super Target shooting suspect shot by deputies Tuesday Tuesday May 30, 2017 at 12:01 AM May 31, 2017 at 9:50 AM Paola Baker Staff Writer @DP_PaolaBaker APPLE VALLEY — The man believed to be responsible for a shooting at Super Target on Memorial Day was shot and wounded by authorities Tuesday. Dearld Edward Wicker, 41, of Apple Valley, was transported to a trauma center with gunshot wounds during an incident with San Bernardino County Sheriff's Department deputies at a home in the 25000 block of Flathead Road on Tuesday evening. Wicker is accused of shooting a man in the head during an argument in the parking lot of the Super Target at 20288 Highway 18 on Monday evening. He fled the scene in a black Ford Bronco, officials said, and remained at large until Tuesday evening, when officials tracked him down to the home on Flathead Road. Sheriff's spokeswoman Cindy Bachman said deputies were in the area “conducting a follow-up” related to the Super Target shooting when they arrived to the home on Flathead Road at 6:08 p.m. Tuesday. Wicker had been identified as the suspect, officials said, and a warrant was issued for his arrest. “Upon arriving at the location, deputies made contact with Wicker, who was armed with a handgun, and a deputy-involved shooting occurred,” officials said in a statement. Apple Valley Fire Protection District Fire Chief Sid Hultquist said an AVFPD paramedic engine company was requested to respond to a call about a possible shooting victim at the location. The victim had “multiple gunshot wounds”, Hultquist said, and was taken to St. Joseph Health, St. Mary before being airlifted to Loma Linda University Medical Center for treatment. Bachman said it appeared only one deputy was involved in the incident. He was uninjured in the incident, Bachman said, and no other injuries were reported. Homicide detectives were requested to respond and are currently conducting the investigation. Authorities did not provide any additional information late Tuesday. The investigation is ongoing, and anyone with information is urged to contact Sheriff’s Homicide Detail, Detective Lisa Guerra at 909-387-3589. Persons wishing to remain anonymous can contact the We-Tip Hotline at 1-800-782-7463 or online at www.wetip.com. Paola Baker may be reached at 760-955-5332 or PBaker@VVDailyPress.com. Follow her on Twitter at @DP_PaolaBaker. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services My Profile Contact Us E-Paper Help Subscribe Now Report a Problem Online Services Newsletters/Alerts Archives Story Archive Obituary Archive Photo Archive Advertising Info Advertise with Us Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. VVdailypress.com ~ 13891 Park Ave, Victorville, CA, 92392 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville Crime Nation and World Shareable Databases Sports Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville In The Dirt Auto Racing Entertainment Movies Travel Local Food Reviews Special Sections Calendar Life Community Cajon Pass Commuter Education Family Health Religion Opinion Editorials Letters Editor's Notebook This Desert Life Business Obits Customer Service About Us Contact Us e-Edition Login Place an Ad News Alerts Subscribe Media Kit Reader Services More Photos Videos Calendar CSD Voter Guide Place an Ad Sickweather Map Contests TV Guide Branded Content Lucerne Valley Leader Apple Valley Review Subscriber My Profile E-Edition Reader Services Subscribe News Alerts Market Place Classifieds Advertise With Us Autos Jobs Homes Place an Ad Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
Cookies at Which? We use cookies to help improve our sites. If you continue, we'll assume that you're happy to accept our cookies. Find out more about cookies OK Skip to main content Skip to search Technology Technology TV & home entertainment TV & home entertainment Televisions Sound bars Home cinema systems PVRs & set-top boxes TV DVD combis Aerials Blu-ray DVD players Internet TV boxes TV providers Editor's picks Best Buy TVs The very best TVs you can buy, including LED, 4K and HDR models from the big brands. Best Buy sound bars Upgrade your TV's sound with one of these fantastic, easy-to-install sound systems. Best Buy internet TV boxes Enjoy catch-up TV, on-demand films and apps with one of these superb streaming boxes. Get things done Read the latest consumer news The latest consumer news, with independent expert analysis and advice on issues you care about. Know your rights - shopping Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Join the conversation on technology Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation Computing Computing Cloud storage tools Laptops Printers All-in-one PCs Antivirus software packages Tablets Ebook readers Wireless routers Shredders Broadband deals Broadband providers Editor's picks Best Buy laptops The very best laptops we've tested, with great battery life, speedy processors and sharp screens. Best cheap laptops for under £500 You don't need to spend a fortune to get a great laptop. Best Buy printers Top-quality machines that turn out fast, high quality prints and won't cost a fortune. Get things done Which? Computing magazine Take a trial to the UK's best-selling computing magazine Solve your computer problems Contact the Which? Computing Helpline for jargon-free technical support. Read the latest consumer news The latest consumer news, with independent expert analysis and advice on issues you care about. Digital cameras Digital cameras Compact cameras Bridge cameras DSLR cameras Camcorders Action cameras Editor's picks Best Buy digital cameras Take photos you'll want to share with one of these top-quality compact cameras. Best Buy bridge cameras These brilliant bridge cameras take five-star photos in all types of lighting conditions. Best Buy action cameras Whether you're snorkelling or cycling, these are the action cameras worth buying. Get things done Read the latest consumer news The latest consumer news, with independent expert analysis and advice on issues you care about. Know your rights - shopping Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Join the conversation on technology Get involved - talk about the consumer issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation. Audio Audio Radios Headphones Mini hi-fi systems Wireless & bluetooth speakers Record players and turntables MP3 players Editor's picks Best Buy headphones Enjoy crystal clear sound and well-balanced bass from the best headphones we've tested. Best Buy radios Find a radio with crystal-clear sound that makes tuning in to your favourite stations a pleasure. Best Buy speakers Make the most of your music with one of these fantastic wireless and Bluetooth speakers. Get things done Read the latest consumer news The latest consumer news, with independent expert analysis and advice on issues you care about. Know your rights - shopping Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Join the conversation on technology Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation. Phones Phones Mobile phones Cordless phones Simple mobile phones Mobile security apps Nuisance calls Mobile phone providers Editor's picks Best Buy mobile phones The best smartphones we've tested, with sharp screens, snappy processors and long-lasting batteries. Apple iPhones vs Samsung mobiles Not sure whether to buy an iPhone or a Samsung Galaxy? Our lab test results will tell you which is best. Best Buy cordless phones Top-quality home phones you can rely on - and perfect for nattering to friends and family Get things done Read the latest consumer news The latest consumer news, with independent expert analysis and advice on issues you care about. Know your rights - broadband, phone & TV Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Join the conversation on technology Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation. Car technology Car technology Sat navs Dash cams Editor's picks Best Buy sat navs Get from A to B quicker with these super sat navs from brands such as Garmin and TomTom. How to buy the best sat nav Expert buying advice to help you cut through the jargon and find your perfect sat nav. Best Buy dash cams Avoid buying a dud dash cam by choosing one of these brilliant Best Buys. Get things done Know your rights - cars Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Join the conversation on motoring Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation. Find out about the Which? Car Survey Discover how feedback from 60,000 UK drivers helps us steer people to the most reliable cars. Wearable technology Wearable technology Fitness trackers Smartwatches Fitness watches Editor's picks Best Buy fitness trackers Discover the best activity trackers you can buy, from brands such as Fitbit and Garmin. Best Buy smartwatches From smartphone notifications and messaging to activity tracking, these watches do it all. Smartwatch or fitness tracker Use our interactive tool to help you decide whether you need a smartwatch or a fitness tracker. Get things done Know your rights - shopping Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Join the conversation on technology Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation. Read the latest consumer news The latest consumer news, with independent expert analysis and advice on issues you care about. Broadband, mobile & TV services Broadband, mobile & TV services Broadband deals Mobile phone providers TV providers Broadband providers Broadband speed test Editor's picks Best broadband providers We reveal the best, and worst, broadband providers, based on feedback from thousands of customers. Best mobile networks overview We reveal what mobile phone users really think of their network - use our results to choose the best network provider. Best TV streaming services Expert buying advice, plus in-depth reviews of Netflix, Amazon Prime Video and Sky Now TV. Get things done Solve your computer problems Contact the Which? Computing Helpdesk for jargon-free technical support. Read the latest consumer news The latest consumer news, with independent expert analysis and advice on issues you care about. Know your rights - broadband, phone & TV services Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Smart homes Smart homes Smart home hubs Wireless security cameras Smart thermostats Home automation explained Editor's picks Best Buy wireless security cameras The best smart security cameras we've tested, from brands such as Nest, Belkin and D-Link. Best Buy smart thermostats Keep your home warm and your energy bills in check with one of these Best Buys. Get things done Switch energy company It's easy to compare and switch suppliers with Which? Switch. Know your rights - energy Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Join the conversation on home & energy Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation. Home & garden Home & garden Home appliances Home appliances Cleaning Cleaning Dishwashers Carpet cleaners Cordless vacuum cleaners Handheld vacuum cleaners Robot vacuums Steam cleaners Vacuum cleaners Refrigeration Refrigeration Fridge freezers Freezers Fridges Cooking Cooking Built-in ovens Freestanding cookers Range cookers Hobs Cooker hoods Microwaves Halogen ovens Laundry Laundry Washing machines Tumble dryers Washer dryers Editor's picks Top five best cheap washing machines Bag a bargain Best Buy washing machine with our experts' pick of the cheapest on test. Best Buy vacuum cleaners The latest Best Buy-recommended vacuums that our tests show are a doddle to use, and leave carpets and hard floors spotless. Tumble dryer buyer's guide Vented, heat pump or condenser? We explain the different types of tumble dryer, with expert advice on choosing the right model for you. Get things done Find the right trader Get the job done with a choice of thousands of endorsed Which? Trusted Traders. Switch energy company It's easy to compare and switch suppliers with Which? Switch. Know your rights - home appliances Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Heating, water & electricity Heating, water & electricity Electricity Electricity Solar panels Batteries Light bulbs Electric blankets Smart meters Rechargeable batteries Energy companies Feed-in tariffs Renewable heat incentive Switch your energy supplier Energy monitors Water Water Best shower brands Water-saving shower heads Heating & cooling Heating & cooling Heating oil Boilers Electric heaters Dehumidifiers Electric blankets Air conditioners Smart thermostats Carbon monoxide detectors Wood burning stoves Boiler servicing contracts Underfloor heating Home heating systems Cutting your energy bills Wind turbines Renewable source heat pumps Home grants Ground source heat pumps Air purifiers Editor's picks Best Buy Boilers We reveal the top-rated boiler brands based on our exclusive surveys of owners and heating engineers. The cost of installing a boiler The cost of installing a boiler is often more expensive than the boiler itself. We reveal what you need to know. Dehumidifiers buyer's guide Our expert guide explains how to choose the right dehumidifier for your home. Get things done Find the right trader Get the job done with a choice of thousands of endorsed Which? Trusted Traders. Switch energy company It's easy to compare and switch suppliers with Which? Switch. Know your rights - home appliances Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Shopping grooming & wellbeing Shopping grooming & wellbeing Personal care Personal care Electric toothbrushes Blood pressure monitors Bathroom scales Sun creams Dentists Opticians stores Laser eye surgery Best painkillers SAD lamps Health accessories Shaving & haircare Shaving & haircare Electric shavers Hair dryers Epilators Beard trimmers and hair clippers Shopping Shopping Best and worst shops Best food and drink Supermarkets Toiletries shopping Black Friday Electrical stores and electrical websites Pet food Editor's picks How to choose the best shower What you need to consider when choosing a new shower, plus reviews of the best brands and models. How to get the best hearing aid From types of hearing aid to getting the best fit, our comprehensive guide reveals what you need to know. Best Buy electric toothbrushes The best electric toothbrushes for cleaning power and battery life, based on our rigorous labs test. Get things done Find the right trader Get the job done with a choice of thousands of endorsed Which? Trusted Traders. Know your rights - shopping Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Join the conversation on home & energy Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation. Garden Garden Gardening tools Gardening tools Strimmers Lawn mowers Chainsaws Hedge trimmers Pressure washers Leaf blowers Garden shredders Secateurs Lawn tractors What to grow What to grow Best vegetables and salad Grow your own Gardening through the year Gardening accessories Gardening accessories Mini greenhouses Barbecues Compost bins Controlled release fertilisers Lawn feeds and weeds Compost Greenhouses Sheds Cat repellents X-hose and other expandable hoses Artificial grass Editor's picks Best Buy lawn mowers Don't get lumbered with an awkward-to-use lawn mower - pick one of these top-rated models instead. Hedge trimmer buyer's guide This expert guide explains the different types of hedge trimmer, plus how much you need to spend. Best Buy pressure washers We round up the top-scoring pressure washers in five different categories to help you find the best one for your garden. Get things done Find the right trader Get the job done with a choice of thousands of endorsed Which? Trusted Traders. Know your rights - shopping Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Gardening Helpdesk Find simple solutions to your gardening questions. Small appliances Small appliances Food preparation Food preparation Kitchen knives Bread makers Stand mixers Blenders Toasters Hand blenders Hand mixers Ice cream makers Food processors Fryers Steamers Slow cookers Spiralizers George Foreman grills Small kitchen appliances Unusual kitchen gadgets Drink preparation Drink preparation Coffee machines Filter coffee machines Kettles Blenders Juicers Caring for your clothes Caring for your clothes Steam irons Sewing machines Garment steamers Editor's picks Best Buy coffee machines Don't buy a coffee machine without consulting our list of recommended models. Best Buy food processors Discover which food processors and mini choppers have earned our Best Buy recommendation. Find the best kettle Best Buy kettles are the fastest and quietest you can buy Get things done Find the right trader Get the job done with a choice of thousands of endorsed Which? Trusted Traders. Switch energy company It's easy to compare and switch suppliers with Which? Switch. Know your rights - home appliances Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Home improvements Home improvements Renovating your home Renovating your home Fitted kitchens Bathrooms Loft conversions Conservatories Insulation Furniture & fittings Furniture & fittings Burglar alarms & home security Smoke alarms Best mattress brands Best shower brands Double glazing Mattresses Wood flooring Electric showers Mattress toppers Duvets Pillows DIY & home maintenance DIY & home maintenance Drills Damp Screwdrivers Sanders Jigsaws Circular saws Best DIY stores and DIY websites Cleaning products Cleaning products Washing-up liquid Dishwasher tablets Washing powder and laundry detergent Fabric conditioner Carpet stain removers Best cleaning products Limescale removers Get things done Find the right trader Get the job done with a choice of thousands of endorsed Which? Trusted Traders. Switch energy supplier Save some money or get a better service with Which? Switch. Know your rights - home & property Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Staying independent at home Staying independent at home Mobility scooters Riser recliner chairs Stairlifts Assistive technology Adjustable beds Hearing aid providers Bath aids Mobility aids Editor's picks How to get the best hearing aid From types of hearing aid to getting the best fit, our comprehensive guide reveals what you need to know. Buying and installing a stairlift Discover the average price you should expect to pay for a stairlift and how to get financial help to buy one. Best Buy mobility scooters We've road-tested popular mobility scooters to uncover the best for comfort and ease of driving on different surfaces. Get things done Learn about elderly care Get free, practical advice about caring for older people with Which? Elderly Care. Know your rights - shopping Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Join the conversation on health Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation. Money Money Insurance Insurance Health insurance Car insurance Travel insurance Life insurance Pet insurance Home insurance Dental insurance Legal expenses insurance Income protection & PPI Funeral plans Wedding insurance Editor's picks How to get cheap car insurance Follow our eight steps to drive down the cost of your cover. Best and worst home insurance See which policies come out top based on cover and customer satisfaction. Travel insurance company reviews We've scrutinised 196 policies to find out which companies combine good cover with great customer service. Get things done Get help with money matters Call the Which? Money Helpline for guidance on everything from tax to travel insurance. Know your rights - insurance Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Join the conversation on money Get involved - talk about the consumer issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation. Tax Tax Income tax Saving on tax National insurance Capital gains tax Inheritance tax Tax credits & benefits Council tax Tax calculator Editor's picks Tax calculator Our easy-to-use tax return tool helps you calculate your annual tax bill, offering tips and tricks to save money, and you can submit your return direct to HMRC. Inheritance tax Find out the latest rules about inheritance tax and how to plan ahead Tax credits Understand the system and what you could be entitled to Get things done Get help with money matters Expert, unbiased information and guidance to help make the best financial decisions. Know your rights - tax problems and complaints Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Join the conversation on money Get involved - talk about the consumer issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation. Mortgages & property Mortgages & property First-time buyers Home movers Mortgages Buy-to-let Renting a home New-build homes Scottish and Northern Irish property systems Overseas property Editor's picks Mortgage calculators Find out how much you can borrow, what your monthly repayments will be and more. Getting a mortgage Choose a broker, boost your chances of being accepted and compare deals like a pro. Buying a home Understand the entire process, from viewing properties and making an offer to having a survey done and moving in. Get things done Get a great mortgage deal 0800 316 4154 Find the best deal with independent advice from Which? Mortgage Advisers. Get conveyancing support Stay on top of the process with expert guidance and fixed fees. Compare mortgages Search our comparison site for today's best available mortgage deals. Credit cards & loans Credit cards & loans Credit cards Loans Credit scores Debt and how to deal with it Editor's picks Your credit report explained Get to grips with what information your credit report contains and why it matters. Tips to finding the best credit card The credit card market is vast and varied. Understand which type of card is right for you. Get things done Compare credit cards rates Find the best credit cards for you with Which? Money Compare. Get help with money matters Call the Which? Money Helpline for guidance on everything from tax to travel insurance. Know your rights - money Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Pensions & retirement Pensions & retirement Starting to plan your retirement State pension Company pensions Personal pensions Options for cashing in your pensions You're retired – working on, benefits, equity release Retiring abroad Long term care Which? Elderly Care Editor's picks The state pension Find out when you'll qualify for the state pension and how much you're likely to get The best income from your pension pot Get to grips with the different ways to turn your pension pot into an income. Do you want an annuity, income drawdown, lump sums - or a combination? Calculate and compare income options Calculate how much money you could get from different pension options - are you likely to be better off with an annuity or income drawdown? Get things done Get help with money matters Expert, unbiased information and guidance to help make the best financial decisions. Know your rights - pensions Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Learn about elderly care Get free, practical advice about caring for older people with Which? Elderly Care. Savings & Isas Savings & Isas Savings accounts Isas Editor's picks The different types of savings account Understand the pros and cons of your savings options, from instant-access accounts to fixed-rate bonds. How to find the best cash Isa With interest rates lower than ever, use our guide to find a competitive account. Cash Isa rules and allowances Understand all the ins and outs of Isas, including how much you can save and what restrictions they have. Get things done Compare savings accounts and Isa rates Find the best savings accounts and Isas for you with Which? Money Compare. Get help with money matters Expert, unbiased information and guidance to help make the best financial decisions. Know your rights - money Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Investing Investing Learn how investing works Stock and shares Isas Types of investment Fund supermarkets Financial advice Editor's picks Are you ready to invest? Use our checklist before risking your money on the markets. Do you have the right safeguards in place? How to invest in a stocks and shares Isa Understand your options for tax-efficient Isa investing - should you take advice or make your own decisions? Fund supermarkets: compare customer satisfaction Choose the right investment broker for your needs with our unique ratings: we sort the best from the worst on a range of measures, from value for money to customer service. Get things done Get help with money matters Expert, unbiased information and guidance to help make the best financial decisions. Know your rights - money Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Join the conversation on money Get involved - talk about the consumer issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation. Wills & probate Wills & probate Power of attorney Probate Passing on your money Which? Elderly Care Editor's picks Writing a will Find out how to make a will, either on your own or with the help of a professional. Grant of probate Discover how to get a grant of probate and how the process works if you're doing it yourself. Setting up power of attorney Understand the costs and the forms you'll need to fill in. Get things done Write your will online Make your will online with Which? Wills - it's quick, easy, and affordable. Get expert legal advice on probate Sign up to Which? Legal for clear, step-by-step advice on problems big and small. Get help with money matters Call the Which? Money Helpline for guidance on everything from tax to travel insurance. Banking Banking Current accounts Student and graduate bank accounts Switching your bank Best bank accounts Banking security and new ways to pay Editor's picks Best and worst banks Choose the right bank for your needs with our unique customer-satisfaction rankings. Best banks for dealing with fraud Find out how your bank compares when it comes to handling fraud claims. How safe is online banking? Understand how scammers attempt to access your bank account - and how to protect yourself. Get things done Get help with money matters Call the Which? Money Helpline for guidance on everything from tax to travel insurance. Know your rights - money Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Join the conversation on money Get involved - talk about the consumer issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation. Money-saving tips Money-saving tips Budgeting Saving money Getting a great deal Making money Broadband deals Saving money on your energy bills Feed-in tariffs explained Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) explained Home grants Editor's picks 50 ways to make money Learn how you could pocket an extra £1,000 this year with our comprehensive guide to boosting your finances. Best personal finance software Discover the software packages that are best at helping you manage your money. 10 tips for finding cheap train tickets From splitting your ticket to timing your booking right, find out how to cut the cost of your journey. Get things done Switch energy company Save some money or get a better service with Which? Switch. Get help with money matters Call the Which? Money Helpline for guidance on everything from tax to travel insurance. Know your rights - money Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Baby & child Baby & child Baby transport Baby transport Pushchairs Baby carriers and baby slings Child car seats Multimac Baby sun shades Travelling with children Editor's picks Top 10 best child car seats Our experts round up the top-scoring child car seats that have passed our safety tests and are easy to fit. Best Buy pushchairs Our lab tests and panel of parent testers have revealed the strollers, travel systems and all-terrain buggies that won't let you down. How to buy the best baby carrier or baby sling Expert tips for buying a carrier that keeps you and your baby safe and comfortable. Get things done Find the right place for you to give birth Explore your maternity options and decide what's best for you with Which? Birth Choice. Know your rights - parenting Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Join the conversation on parenting Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation. Nursery & feeding Nursery & feeding Feeding and changing Feeding and changing High chairs Breast pumps Formula milk Baby feeding products Baby changing bags Potty training Nappies Baby wipes Nursery Nursery Baby walkers Baby bouncers Nursery lighting Playpens Nursery furniture Bath and bedtime Bath and bedtime Cot beds Nursery blackout blinds Baby baths Cots Moses baskets and cribs Travel cots Getting baby to sleep Cot mattresses Pregnancy and birth Pregnancy and birth Tens machines Packing for the birth Apps for parents Which? Birth Choice Editor's picks Best Buy high chairs These Best Buy high chairs are sturdy, durable, easy to clean and have useful features, such as effective foot rests. Choosing infant formula milk Which? helps you choose the best formula milk for your child and making bottle feeding easier. Best Buy breast pumps Say goodbye to uncomfortable minutes spent expressing milk. Our tests have revealed the best easy-to-use breast pump models. Get things done Find the right place for you to give birth Explore your maternity options and decide what's best for you with Which? Birth Choice. Know your rights - parenting Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Join the conversation on parenting Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation. Child safety at home Child safety at home Baby monitors Stair gates Digital thermometers Baby safety equipment Head lice and nits Calpol and pain relief Trampolines Editor's picks Best Buy baby monitors These top-rated baby monitors won't let you down when you need them most. The best nit and head lice treatments Head lice leaving your kids scratching their heads? We've surveyed parents to find out which nit treatments work best. How to choose the best stair gate We help you choose a safe and easy-to-fit stair gate in this expert buying guide. Get things done Find the right place for you to give birth Explore your maternity options and decide what's best for you with Which? Birth Choice. Know your rights - parenting Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Join the conversation on parenting Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation. Shopping & family finances Shopping & family finances Shopping for your baby Shopping for your baby Baby products you need Second hand baby kit Shopping for a new baby Best deals on baby products Family finances Family finances Tax credits & benefits Working parents Working parents Childcare Maternity leave Editor's picks Free and cheap baby stuff What to expect when you are expecting - in the way of freebies and cheap baby-themed goodies. Parents' 10 most useful baby products Parents vote on the most useful baby kit - plus the so-called essentials that will just gather dust. Childcare costs Returning to work? Discover how much you can expect to pay for different types of childcare. Get things done Get help with money matters Call the Which? Money Helpline for guidance on everything from tax to travel insurance. Know your rights - shopping Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Know your rights - parenting Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Cars & travel Cars & travel Cars Cars Car reviews Car reviews Estate cars City cars Medium cars Large cars Compact SUVs Large SUVs Small cars MPVs Sports cars Convertible cars Luxury cars Fuel-efficient cars Most reliable cars Car brand reviews Car brand reviews Mercedes-Benz Audi Ford Honda Hyundai Mazda BMW Nissan Skoda Toyota Vauxhall Volkswagen All car brand reviews > Choosing a car advice Choosing a car advice Best Buy cars How to buy the best car Car buying tips Choosing between petrol & diesel How we test cars All car advice guides > Car ownership advice Car ownership advice Which? Car Reliability Check Driver calculators & tools Best car tyre brands Best car breakdown cover How to find a good garage All car advice guides > Get things done Step-by-step legal guidance on cars and motoring Sign up to Which? Legal for full telephone support from our experts to put you on the right track. Know your rights - cars Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Join the conversation on motoring Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation. Travel Travel Travel essentials Travel essentials Suitcases Cabin bags Travel money Travel health Transport & accommodation Transport & accommodation Airlines and airports Trains Car hire UK hotel chains Consumer rights: flights Consumer rights: car hire Outdoor clothing & accessories Outdoor clothing & accessories Binoculars Outdoor clothing Outdoor accessories Planning your trip Planning your trip Tripadvisor Planning a cruise Travel agents Editor's picks Best Buy suitcases We pack them, drop them, pull them and carry them so you can find a Best Buy that won't let you down. Best and worst car hire There are some awful car hire companies, according to our survey. We reveal the best and name the ones to avoid. Airlines and airports Find out the airlines loved by their passengers, and see ratings for comfort and value for money. Get things done Step-by-step legal guidance on travel Sign up to Which? Legal for clear, step-by-step advice on problems big and small. Know your rights - travel Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Campaigns Campaigns Safeguard us from scams Fraud is now at record levels - we are urging the government to take the lead and ensure companies safeguard us all from scams. Better banking We don't think banks always treat their customers fairly. Join our campaign to have banks held to account for their customer service. Challenging Whirlpool Whirlpool’s fire-risk dryers continue to pose a potential threat to people’s homes. Join us in challenging Whirlpool to sort this mess out quickly. Train hell Our railways are plagued by delays, cancellations, overcrowding and poor train conditions. Sign our petition to demand better. Fix bad broadband Are you getting the broadband speed you were promised? Use our tool to find out. Better pensions New rules mean more choice as you approach retirement. Join our call for better pensions. Nuisance calls and texts Plagued by nuisance calls and texts? Use our tool to report the culprits. Fair energy prices Do you think you pay a fair price for your energy? If in doubt sign our petition. Public service complaints Ever feel like your complaints to GPs or care homes are being ignored? Fuel claims Car makers are claiming fuel figures that are miles from the truth. Sign our petition for car tests you can trust. Fees and charges Do you feel tricked by sneaky fees and charges? Sign our petition to help us put a stop to this practice. Get your voice heard Which? Conversation A community website to share your views on the consumer issues of the day. Consumer Rights An expert guide to your consumer rights with free tools and advice for what to do if things go wrong. All Campaigns Which? Campaigns Get involved in our latest campaigns and find out how to take action. Services Services Consumer advice Consumer advice Consumer Rights Which? University Which? Birth Choice Which? Elderly Care Money Helpline Which? services Which? services Which? Trusted Traders Which? Mortgage Advisers Which? Legal Conveyancing Which? Wills Which? Switch Which? Money Compare Which? Probate Member exclusive Member exclusive Which? Local Computing Helpdesk Gardening Helpdesk More from Which? More from Which? About us About us About us About us What we do & how we work Help / FAQ Press office Which? Policy Which? Consumer insight Which? Directory Careers Contact us Which? membership Which? membership Benefits of being a member Log in News & community News & community Latest news from Which? Which? Conversation Search My account Log in Sign up News All news All news Home & garden Technology Money Baby & child Cars Travel Consumer Rights TechnologyAudio Will Apple include wireless headphones with the next iPhone? Rumours suggest phones could come bundled with Apple Airpods (RRP £159) By Daniel Nissenbaum 31 May 2017 Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share by email Claims that Apple will include a pair of its wireless Airpod headphones in the box with the iPhone 8 have been circulating online in recent weeks. The Airpods, released last December, are specifically designed to integrate with iPhones. Apple is expected to launch the next incarnation of its iPhone in September. As usual, speculation is rife around possible new features, but one rumour, based on an investment analysis by bank JP Morgan, suggests that Apple could be preparing to raise prices for the iPhone range while including the headphones to sweeten the deal. The claims should be taken with a pinch of salt – online commentators have cast doubt on the logic behind Apple trying to shift millions of extra pairs of Airpods when there are already six-week waiting times for customers who want to buy one. The report also predicts that Apple will release upgraded versions of the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus, named the 7s and 7s Plus, alongside an all-new model that will be called the iPhone 8. Read our review of the Airpods to see what we thought of them when we tested them in the lab. Headphone reviews – find out how the Airpods compare to all the models we’ve tested What are the Airpods? The Airpods are Apple’s first official wireless headphones. They were announced alongside the iPhone 7 last year, which famously ditched the 3.5mm headphone socket, leaving users the choice between connecting via the Lightning port or going wireless. Supply issues meant that the Airpods weren’t actually released until three months after the iPhone 7, but they are designed to work together. The headphones are touch sensitive – a double tap on an ear bud will activate the Siri voice assistant on the phone, allowing you to control your phone without it ever leaving your pocket. Initially, the Airpods were the subject of some mockery due to their unusual design – the two ear buds aren’t connected by any kind of cable at all, meaning they dangle oddly out of the ears. Other criticisms were directed at their short battery life. The ear buds will only last for three hours on their own, but they do come supplied with a case that doubles as a charger. Despite these doubts, the Airpods have sold well and early adopters seem to be impressed. A recent survey by Creative Strategies, a US market research firm, suggests that initial satisfaction levels are even higher for the Airpods than they were for other major Apple products, such as the iPhone, iPad and Apple Watch. Other options for iPhone 7 users IPhone 7 owners aren’t able to use standard wired headphones without a Lightning cable adaptor (supplied with the phone). Features such as in-line microphones and volume controls should still work through the adaptor if they were compatible with older iPhone models. A small minority of headphones are designed to use the Lightning port on the iPhone. As the Lightning connection is capable of transferring power to the headphones, these models can include features such as noise cancelling without the need for a battery. If you’re looking for some headphones to pair with your iPhone, we’ve rounded up our top picks in our iPhone headphones advice guide. Categories: Audio, Technology Tagged as: Airpods Apple headphones iPhone 7 wireless Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share by email More on this Which? Best Buy headphones How to buy the best headphones Best wireless headphones Related articles Which? tests HP Pavilion laptops after battery recall Posted on 4 Jun 2017 Computing First look review: Huawei Watch 2 Sport is crammed with handy fitness tech Posted on 4 Jun 2017 Technology Android co-founder unveils the ‘phone of the future’ Posted on 3 Jun 2017 Technology All Technology news Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share by email Back to top Follow Which? on Facebook Follow Which? on Twitter Subscribe to Which? on YouTube Follow Which? on Google+ RSS Feed Contact us Which? Directory Accessibility Terms & conditions Privacy Cookies MSA statement Which? works for you © Which? 2017
Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumour Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Contact Us The Bitbag Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumors Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Reviews Shop OS iOS 11 Release To Exclude iPhone 5, 4th-Gen iPad & More – List of Supported Devices HERE By Necta Casiple on May 31, 2017 11:35 AM iOS users can expect tons of updates when iOS 11 launches at the Worldwide Developer’s Conference next week. Apple has always been good at keeping its older products updated, so we guess it’ll still try to make most devices suitable for the newest version. However, sooner or later, some of them just get too old, making them less of a candidate for the rollout. While the tech giant maintains a strong backward-compatibility with its device lineup, there have been indications that it is dropping support for 32-bit apps altogether with iOS 11. Starting with iOS 10.3, Apple has begun notifying users when they open a 32-bit app on iOS. The alert says the app must be updated by the developer or else it may no longer work with future versions of iOS. That could mean the end of support for 32-bit devices too, which suggests the iPhone 5 and fourth-generation iPad won’t be compatible with iOS 11. (…and it sounds like future A-series chips won’t even include 32-bit support. Wonder if that’ll free up any performance/die space?) — Steve T-S (@stroughtonsmith) April 8, 2017 According to reports, iPhone 5c and iPhone 5s could also lose iOS compatibility this year. Since Apple has discontinued the iPad mini 2 and iPad mini 3, these tablets could be chopped too. However, these four retired devices are less likely to lose support than the first two mentioned above. Other retired handsets with iOS 10 compatibility, including the iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus, iPad Air, and iPad Air 2, should all be compatible with iOS 11, alongside the current models on the market. AppDevice When is the iOS 11 release? The new OS should be shown off during Apple’s June 5 keynote. However, it won’t likely be fully released until the fall. The Cupertino-based company usually debuts the new version of iOS on or around the time it launches a new model of the iPhone. If it follows the same pattern this year, that’ll be sometime in September. There have been rumors of a possible iPhone 8 delay due to production issues, but it seems unlikely that the final iOS 11 release date would be pushed back also. What are the expected iOS 11 features? Apple always kees its cards close to its vest when it comes to software, but here are a few possibilities: Siri updates – Apple is said to pump up Siri‘s ability to communicate more naturally. In combination with the company’s heavy investments in machine learning, this could make its voice assistant more powerful than ever, able to handle complex queries in a single bound. Apple Music with video – According to Bloomberg, Apple executive Jimmy Iovine said that a version of Apple Music that “better showcases video” would be among the features of the iOS 11. Group Facetime – This is a new group chat feature, similar to Hangouts and Skype, that should be coming to FaceTime. The update will allow multiple users to join a single call; which has been the app’s most obvious missing feature. Dark Mode – Dark or Night mode changes native apps from their stark white background to something a lot darker to help with nighttime visibility. Maps improvements – Rumors have it that the company will begin using drones and indoor navigation technology to improve its still flailing Maps app. The drones would reportedly be utilized to offer up more reliable data in the app– something it still desperately needs. Person-to-person Apple Pay – One feature has been missing from the Apple Pay since its launch last year: the ability to easily send payments between users of Apple devices, so a money-swapping feature might be in the offing for this year. Also Read: iOS 11 Release, Features: What to Expect from Apple’s Next iOS iOS 11 Release To Exclude iPhone 5, 4th-Gen iPad & More – List of Supported Devices HERE May 31st, 2017Necta Casiple 1 Share Share Tweet Share Share Email Related Items:iOS 11, ios 11 release, WWDC 2017 Share Tweet Share Share Email Recommended for you iOS 11 Release, Features: What to Expect from Apple’s Next iOS Apple’s iOS 10 Could Make 200,000 Apps Obsolete This iOS 11 Concept Video Shows How Dark Mode, Group FaceTime & More Could Look On iPhones Product Gears of War 4 Ultimate Edition TOMOKO 87 Key Mechanical Keyboard, Water-Resistant Gaming Keyboard ASTRO A50 Wireless Headset + Base Station Overwatch Steam Controller Razer Blade Stealth About the author Necta Casiple Featured Injustice 2 Multiverse Tracker Lets You Monitor All Events And Its Rewards Tekken 7 Juggle Combo Guide: Launchers, Enders, And Everything You Need To Know Destiny 2 E3 2017 Gameplay And Announcements: What To Expect From Bungie Injustice 2 Multiverse Tracker Lets You Monitor All Events And Its Rewards Every Bit Of News In One Dynamic Site: The Bitbag is your one-stop source of news, reviews, features, how-tos, and most relevant information on today?s hottest and most trending topics in the world of Tech, Social Media, Entertainment, and Lifestyle. So if you have anything you want discussed, or you?ve got a few hot tips to share, get in touch with us at contact@thebitbag.com. LATEST NEWS Pokemon GO Ice And Fire Event Details Leaked, Unique Bonuses Detailed [Rumor] Niantic isn’t slowing down when it comes to surprises for Pokemon GO players as it looks... Civilization 6 DLC: Next Expansion Scheduled For July Civilization 6 Mac and Linux porter Aspyr Media has confirmed that a new update... Red Dead Redemption 2 Publisher On Microtransactions: ‘We Can’t Give Stuff Away For Free’ One of the most anticipated upcoming titles has to be Rockstar’s sequel to the... Far Cry 5 Won’t Be Controversial At Launch Ubisoft’s Far Cry 5 has definitely hit a sore spot on its audience as... Overwatch Horizon Space Colony Assault Map Easter Eggs: New Territories, Telescope Voice Lines, And More The new Horizon Space Colony map has just arrived on the Overwatch test servers... POPULAR TAGS featured Pokemon Go Apple Xbox 360 PS3 Microsoft android Xbox One mobile gaming Sony Nintendo Samsung iPhone google Pokemon ps4 Ubisoft Playstation 3 The Division no man's sky facebook iOS PC pokemon sun and moon EA Editors Pick playstation 4 fallout 4 Pokemon Go Update Overwatch Capcom Marvel Stephen Heller NBA 2k17 Blizzard iPhone 7 iPad Game of Thrones games PlayStation About Us Privacy Policy Contact Us Meet The Team Copyright © 2017 - Tune Media. All right reserved. To Top
Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumour Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Contact Us The Bitbag Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumors Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Reviews Shop Computers Apple MacBook 2018 To Feature 30 Percent Performance Boost With Intel Coffee Lake Processors By Kiko Antonio https://twitter.com/kikoTBB on May 31, 2017 12:36 PM Apple is expected to announce the update to its MacBook line of laptops. The Worldwide Developers Conference event to be held in San Jose, CA on June 5 is said to the be venue for the announcement. While this may sound exciting to Apple fans, perhaps looking at what the future might bring for the MacBook 2018 might give them some more enjoyment. Intel just announced yesterday at the Computex 2017 event in Taiwan that is has successfully tested its latest processor architecture. The company registered a 30-percent performance improvement on its Coffee Lake processors. This performance boost, compared to the current Kaby Lake lineup is quite impressive in the scheme of things. In addition to announcing the said performance gains, Intel also said that it will make the Coffee Lake processors available in the market as early as the second half of 2017. MacBook lineup (via engadget.com) This could mean that MacBook 2018 releases will be able to take advantage of the new processors’ performance gains. This and longer battery life due to the improved efficiency of the new processors. At the moment, the current MacBook laptops are still on older Intel processors, mostly with Skylake architecture. Many consumers expected Apple to release the MacBook Pro on Kaby Lake processors. Unfortunately, the availability made it impossible at the time. This is why Apple is reported to be planning a release of Kaby Lake-powered MacBook laptops next month. Having an updated MacBook 2018 release is a welcomed change especially for hardcore Mac fans. For now, it is still too soon to tell whether Intel will be able to deliver its promise for the Coffee Lake processors. Last year, the company experienced some major delays in the release of the Kaby Lake processors that inevitably affected the MacBook Pro. For more updates on the MacBook 2018, be sure to check us out at TheBitbag. Also read: Intel Core i9 X Series Lineup Leaked; Features 18-core to Combat AMD’s Threadripper Apple MacBook 2018 To Feature 30 Percent Performance Boost With Intel Coffee Lake Processors May 31st, 2017Kiko Antonio Share Tweet Share Share Email Related Items:featured, Intel Coffee Lake, MacBook 2018 specs Share Tweet Share Share Email Product Gears of War 4 Ultimate Edition Vtin Over-The-Head Bluetooth Wireless Headset For Drivers VicTsing 3 In 1 Fisheye + 0.65X Wide Angle + Macro Lens For IPhone Ninite Super Rude Bear Resurrection Sony PlayStation 4 Skin (PS4) – Gold About the author Kiko Antonio A self-professed tech junkie who writes tech-related stories for TheBitBag. Loves traveling, reading, and making stuff. Full-time practicing Electronics Engineer. Featured Injustice 2 Multiverse Tracker Lets You Monitor All Events And Its Rewards Tekken 7 Juggle Combo Guide: Launchers, Enders, And Everything You Need To Know Destiny 2 E3 2017 Gameplay And Announcements: What To Expect From Bungie Injustice 2 Multiverse Tracker Lets You Monitor All Events And Its Rewards Every Bit Of News In One Dynamic Site: The Bitbag is your one-stop source of news, reviews, features, how-tos, and most relevant information on today?s hottest and most trending topics in the world of Tech, Social Media, Entertainment, and Lifestyle. So if you have anything you want discussed, or you?ve got a few hot tips to share, get in touch with us at contact@thebitbag.com. LATEST NEWS Pokemon GO Ice And Fire Event Details Leaked, Unique Bonuses Detailed [Rumor] Niantic isn’t slowing down when it comes to surprises for Pokemon GO players as it looks... Civilization 6 DLC: Next Expansion Scheduled For July Civilization 6 Mac and Linux porter Aspyr Media has confirmed that a new update... Red Dead Redemption 2 Publisher On Microtransactions: ‘We Can’t Give Stuff Away For Free’ One of the most anticipated upcoming titles has to be Rockstar’s sequel to the... Far Cry 5 Won’t Be Controversial At Launch Ubisoft’s Far Cry 5 has definitely hit a sore spot on its audience as... Overwatch Horizon Space Colony Assault Map Easter Eggs: New Territories, Telescope Voice Lines, And More The new Horizon Space Colony map has just arrived on the Overwatch test servers... POPULAR TAGS featured Pokemon Go Apple Xbox 360 PS3 Microsoft android Xbox One mobile gaming Sony Nintendo Samsung iPhone google Pokemon ps4 Ubisoft Playstation 3 The Division no man's sky facebook iOS PC pokemon sun and moon EA Editors Pick playstation 4 fallout 4 Pokemon Go Update Overwatch Capcom Marvel Stephen Heller NBA 2k17 Blizzard iPhone 7 iPad Game of Thrones games PlayStation About Us Privacy Policy Contact Us Meet The Team Copyright © 2017 - Tune Media. All right reserved. To Top
Right now Today's high Today's low Full weather report Full traffic report Local governments Weather Traffic Newsletters Go Skip to Main Window News Business Breaking News California Crime Education Environment Local Local Elections Lottery Results Nation and World Politics Transportation Sports Angels Chargers Clippers College Columnists Dodgers Ducks Football Golf High School High School Football Kings Lakers Motorsports Olympics Rams Soccer UCLA USC Entertainment Events Celebrities Comics Dining Games Horoscopes Movies & TV Music Theater Lifestyle Food Health Hiking Home + Garden Religion Travel Obituaries Obituaries Place an Obituary Opinion Columns Editorials Letters Editorial Board Endorsements The Cannifornian Marketplace Special Sections Readers Choice Classified Jobs Local Ads Place An Ad Real Estate Weekly Ads Services Subscriber Services Subscribe e-Edition Contact us Share Your News Work for Us Mobile Apps Email Newsletter Sign up Submit Ad # Twitter Reddit Pinterest ... Email Print Tumblr LinkedIn StumbleUpon Tweet Follow @https://twitter.com/SGVTribune Home â News â Local governments Former South El Monte councilman says Apple product purchases uncovered by state audit were legitimate By Christopher Yee, San Gabriel Valley Tribune Posted: 05/30/17, 8:43 PM PDT | Updated: 4 days ago # Comments SOUTH EL MONTE >> A former city councilman referenced in a state audit as one of the South El Monte officials who used city-issued credit cards to make thousands of dollars in purchases — including bar tabs and Apple electronics — will be one of the candidates Wednesday seeking to fill the spot on the City Council vacated by the city’s former mayor imprisoned on corruption charges. Willhans Ili was appointed to the City Council in 2010 and was elected to a full term in 2011. He was unsuccessful in his bid for re-election in 2015, when now-Mayor Gloria Olmos was elected to the council. An audit of the city’s financial controls from 2013 to 2015 released last week by State Controller Betty Yee’s office showed former City Manager Anthony Ybarra and a handful of City Council members used credit cards to pay for extended hotel stays, bar tabs and expensive electronics. Ili was found to have used his card to pay for a $50 bar tab and $2,592.77 on a MacBook Pro laptop, Apple TV and accessories. In an interview Tuesday, Ili said although the audit described it as a “bar tab,” the $50 charge was for a meal at the Aria Hotel in Las Vegas, within his per diem allowance. The tab did not include alcohol. Ili said he and other council members were at the hotel for a National Association of Latino Democratic Officials conference. He also said the Apple purchases were scheduled upgrades for his city-issued laptop and iPad, which had become outdated. The Apple TV allowed him to display items from his laptop, iPad or iPhone to TV screens. He said the purchase was not for personal use. Ili said he returned the Apple electronics to the city, and provided a memo sent from interim City Manager Jennifer Vasquez requesting their return. The memo didn’t say when the items were returned. He said he believed the State Auditor’s staff was not presented enough information when they reviewed the city credit card records. “I don’t think the city kept good enough records about the purposes for charges,” Ili said. “I just think they could’ve used more information.” Also referenced in the audit were current council members Hector Delgado and Angelica Garcia. Like Ili, both were found to have made purchases of Apple products. Delgado was also found to have charged a stay at the Aria in Las Vegas for the same conference Ili attended. However, interim Vasquez disputed that Delgado made the purchase. Advertisement City Councilman Joseph Gonzales said the behavior of the city’s leaders was unacceptable. “I’m glad the State Controller’s Office looked into the credit card charges along with everything else they examined,” Gonzales said. “When I first asked them to come audit the city, we weren’t even thinking about the credit cards, but now it’s easy to see that they were handled with little oversight.” Olmos said though he was referenced in the audit, Ili would still be considered for appointment to the City Council just like all of the other candidates. But she said the audit backed up why she wouldn’t support any former city council members or mayors for the spot. “It would be a slap in the face to the voters who voted them out,” Olmos said. “People voted them out for a reason. Who am I to bring them back in?” Following the audit, Ili said he intended to remain a candidate for the vacant spot on the council. Released Thursday, the audit detailed lax oversight in South El Monte that, in addition to the abuse of credit cards, led to hundreds of thousands of dollars in spending on consulting contracts. “South El Monte officials demonstrated a culture of incompetence and blatant disregard for accountability of taxpayer dollars,” Yee said in a statement. “I am especially concerned with their exorbitant lobbying and consulting expenses that resulted in undefined benefits to the city and its residents.” Contractors hired by the city have been under scrutiny since a June 2016 audit that uncovered similar issues. That audit, conducted by a firm hired by the city, found Ybarra executed contracts with two consulting firms that never went before the council. The auditors further found that those contractors didn’t keep records of their work. The conclusion of the report was that the city left itself an easy target for fraud. One of the candidates for the vacancy Wednesday will fill the spot left by former Mayor Luis Aguinaga, who resigned in 2016. Aguinaga was the subject of a years-long FBI investigation that found he took tens of thousands of dollars in bribes from a city contractor over seven years. Aguinaga was sentenced to one year in jail in April. In addition to Ili, here’s the entire list of applicants for appointment to the City Council: • Valle Lindo School District board member Richard Angel • City Planning Commissioner Leonel Barrera, Jr. • City Patriotic Commissioner Francisco Duarte • Resident Arnold Martinez • Former City Councilman Raul Pardo • City Community Services Commissioner Gracie Retamoza • Mountain View School District board member Veronica Sifuentes • Former City Council candidate Gil Zepeda Click here to subscribe to Digital & Home Delivery - 50% off About the Author Christopher Yee is a staff writer for the San Gabriel Valley Tribune. He covers the cities of El Monte, South El Monte, Alhambra and San Gabriel. Reach the author at cyee@scng.com or follow Christopher on Twitter: @ChrisMYee. Full bio and more articles by Christopher Yee Back to top Top Stories ‹ › MOST POPULAR Day Week News Sports Biz A&E Email Life Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. The San Gabriel Valley Tribune Facebook Twitter Google+ RSS Feed Copyright © The San Gabriel Valley Tribune Copyright notice Privacy Policy Site Map Arbitration Digital First Media
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Iconic Tour Trading the World CNBC Disruptor 50 Lasting Legacy Modern Medicine Portfolio Perspective College Game Plan Investing in: Israel Tech Drivers The Brave Ones Trading Nation Shaping the future Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Tech Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Cybersecurity Tech Guide Suppliers fall if Apple has bad news, but this one could overcome a drastic iPhone slowdown Saheli Roy Choudhury | @sahelirc Tuesday, 30 May 2017 | 11:44 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES Taiwanese manufacturer Hon Hai Precision Industry earns a notable chunk of revenue from assembling iPhones, leaving it exposed to swings in demand for Apple smartphones. But the company's ability to do high volume, value-added manufacturing at a reasonable cost may cushion it from any potential slowdown in demand for iPhones in the long term, a JPMorgan analyst told CNBC. It is expected to assemble the bulk of Apple's newest smartphones due later this year, and may benefit from a supercycle. "Hon Hai, at the end of the day, is a process company," said Gokul Hariharan, Asia tech analyst and head of Taiwan equity research at JPMorgan. "If you look at the history of Hon Hai over the last 20 years, product cycle has not really mattered as much." Sean Gallup | Getty Images He explained the company has always tried to run a vertically integrated business model, where it started with connectors and other components business before going into assembly in mid-to-late 90s. First Hon Hai assembled desktops when they were still the main tech product; then it moved into game consoles, feature phones with Motorola and Nokia, and music players for Apple before moving onto smartphones. "So all along, the skill set they're providing is high volume manufacturing at a very reasonable cost and very strong execution," Hariharan said, adding the manufacturer also brings in a fair bit of technology elements into its offering. "Which is why it feels like it may not be very directly linked to product cycles in the long term." Along the way, Hon Hai added some components businesses to their operations in an attempt to maximize the value, in terms of dollar content, within any product they assemble, according to Hariharan. Last year's acquisition of troubled Japanese electronics maker Sharp meant Hon Hai now had access to two major components of a smartphone: camera modules and display. These two functionalities are usually expected to be upgraded by smartphone vendors, even when other features of handsets may remain the same. "If you look at most tech products, display is typically one of the largest cost items in terms of components," Hariharan said. Japanese business daily Nikkei reported in January that Hon Hai and Sharp were mulling over building a factory in China — where the iPhones are assembled — to make OLED display panels. The proximity could theoretically reduce components cost for making the iPhone. The next generation of iPhones are expected to come with OLED display and currently Samsung Display will provide the bulk of these panels for Apple. show chapters Cramer: iPhone 8 cycle will be a big one    Monday, 22 May 2017 | 9:16 AM ET | 01:49 Reuters reported that Hon Hai and Sharp have teamed up to bid for Toshiba's prized memory chip business. Hariharan said a potential move into the semiconductor business was underpinned by the fact that Hon Hai made close to 20 to 25 percent in revenue from enterprise and cloud; the company assembles servers, storage elements and switches for tech companies and enterprise is a big driver for NAND flash, he added. The other two major contract electronics manufacturers that assemble iPhones — Pegatron and Wistron — also remain exposed to Apple, at least in the short term. Wistron is a latecomer to the assembly equation and handles mostly the older iPhones. Hariharan said JPMorgan has a conservative view on Wistron because the company is still making the transition from producing lower-end handsets to the most advanced; it needs to build up capacity to handle the high volume seen in the first quarter of new iPhone launches, where Apple can sell more than 10 million units on the opening weekend. "If you're not a vendor who is able to support that volume ramp in that period, then you never get peak volume for your capacity," he said. Meanwhile, some of Apple's more specialized suppliers — who provide components such as camera modules — remain well-hedged in their business because they serve the global smartphone market — meaning, they were also selling into other smartphone brands. For example Samsung or SK Hynix supply memory to majority of the smartphone brands. "They don't have the same level of cyclicality," said Hariharan, but they don't enjoy the same benefits from a surge in demand for iPhones. "They won't have the same upside when you have a very strong iPhone cycle, in terms of their revenues and profits." show chapters Apple, Samsung lose market share to Chinese phone makers    Tuesday, 23 May 2017 | 4:25 PM ET | 01:03 For the moment, Hariharan expects the dynamics between Apple and its suppliers to remain in the short term: this means iPhone assemblers like Hon Hai, Pegatron and Wistron will stay exposed to the iPhone product cycle and their revenues will swing accordingly. But in the longer term, if smartphones are replaced by something bigger, Hariharan said a company with a vertically integrated business model such as Hon Hai could be the partner of choice to assemble it. JPMorgan's price target for Hon Hai by year-end is NT$112 ($3.72). On Wednesday morning at 10:40 a.m. HK/SIN, Hon Hai shares traded at NT$104. Saheli Roy ChoudhuryReporter, CNBC.com Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change 66 --- 3231-TW --- 4938-TW --- 6753.T --- To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Sign in or Register   PCs & Laptops Value Desktops High End Desktops Gaming Desktops All-in-one Desktops Value Laptops High End Laptops Gaming Laptops Ultraportable Laptops Misc PCs & Laptops Dell Store   Peripherals Monitors Printers Storage Keyboards & Mice Misc Peripherals Networking   Handhelds Budget Smartphones High-End Smartphones Tablets eReaders Wearables Misc Handhelds   Software Security Operating Systems Backup Office Suite Web Development Audio Video Photo Apps Misc Software   Components CPUs Motherboards Graphics Cards Storage Cases Power Supply Units Misc Components   Gadgets Photography & Video Home Theatre GPS Audio Virtual/Augmented reality Misc Gadgets     Hyper PixelCast   Forums Back Issues Search News • Reviews • Features • Galleries • A-List • Group Tests • Downloads • How To • Buy • Software Store Mobile Plans Broadband Plans Atomic Forums Upgrade Australia Home  »  Handhelds  »  Misc Handhelds  »  News Apple really wants some of that gargantuan Android market share by Alan Martin  |  Wednesday 31 May 2017  | Comment Now Switch to iPhone site and adverts target perceived Achilles’ heels of Google’s operating system. Between 2006 and 2009, Apple ran a series of ads targeting the main competitor of the company at the time: Microsoft.   Eight years later and things are very different – the opposition has changed, and the stadium has moved. Mobile internet browsing overtook the desktop for the first time last year, and that’s a crossover point to which there’s no coming back from. In the mobile space, there’s only one rival worth worrying about, and it sure as hell isn’t Microsoft. The full statistics from quarter four last year are hidden behind that link, but to save you a click, Android had 81.7% of the market, followed by iOS on 17.9%. The remaining 0.4% was divided between Windows, “Other” and BlackBerry – the latter of which had a marketshare so small it could be rounded down to 0.0%. So it’s no surprise that Apple’s latest campaign is targeted at the rival with a marketshare worth eating away at. To that end, the company has launched a section of their site dedicated to switching to iPhone, which covers topics such as ease of use, the camera, sustainability, speed and customer satisfaction. Android is namechecked just twice in the page, though given the webpage’s title tag reads “Switch from Android to iPhone – Apple,” I think we can be pretty confident as to who they have in mind. Still, perhaps Apple’s marketing department regarded that as a bit too subtle, because they’ve now launched three new 16-second adverts on the company YouTube channel, and two of them take a pretty direct swipe at perceived weaknesses in the Android armour. First up: security. Next, Apple targets the kind of choppiness you can get on low-end Android phones (a little harsh, given that’s down to phone specifications rather than the OS itself, but that’s advertising for you): Finally, Apple provides a visual demonstration of how easy it can be to relocate all your contacts to their new home: If you’re thinking all of these are a touch underwhelming, I agree with you.  Related Articles Apple and Microsoft go head to head - again Microsoft tops Apple in tablet satisfaction survey Apple, Facebook, Microsoft, Google and more rally against Trump's travel ban In the game of warranty roulette, you either win, or you lose... What we know about... iOS 11 Source: Copyright © Alphr, Dennis Publishing See more about:  android  |  apple  |  microsoft   Tweet Email this Print this Feedback   Readers of this article also read...   Android co-founder Andy Rubin launches modular Essential phone     Intel announces new X-series CPU family, including Core i9 chips     Nine more Ryzen processors may be on the way     Google Chrome 'might introduce an ad-blocker'     Head2Head: Google Pixel vs Samsung Galaxy S8   More in Misc Handhelds (1 of 10 articles) NEWS Apple really wants some of that gargantuan Android market share << Prev Next >> View all Misc Handhelds articles >> More in Misc Handhelds (2 of 10 articles) NEWS Samsung and Apple sales dip as Chinese rivals surge << Prev Next >> View all Misc Handhelds articles >> More in Misc Handhelds (3 of 10 articles) NEWS Samsung to reveal “stretchable” display tomorrow, report claims << Prev Next >> View all Misc Handhelds articles >> More in Misc Handhelds (4 of 10 articles) NEWS New Android O details unveiled at Google I/O 2017 << Prev Next >> View all Misc Handhelds articles >> More in Misc Handhelds (5 of 10 articles) NEWS Those weird Android emojis are getting a facelift << Prev Next >> View all Misc Handhelds articles >> More in Misc Handhelds (6 of 10 articles) NEWS 4 big announcements from Google I/O 2017 << Prev Next >> View all Misc Handhelds articles >> More in Misc Handhelds (7 of 10 articles) NEWS Google Assistant launches for iPhone << Prev Next >> View all Misc Handhelds articles >> More in Misc Handhelds (8 of 10 articles) NEWS Android O will enable more regular patching << Prev Next >> View all Misc Handhelds articles >> More in Misc Handhelds (9 of 10 articles) NEWS Netflix blocks rooted Android phones from getting its app << Prev Next >> View all Misc Handhelds articles >> More in Misc Handhelds (10 of 10 articles) NEWS Poqit wallet stores your cash, charges your phone << Prev Next >> View all Misc Handhelds articles >> Most Read Most Discussed Powered by Disqus Latest Comments Powered by Disqus Latest in Misc Handhelds News Apple really wants some of that gargantuan Android market share Review Review: Android Wear 2.0 Feature What we know about... iOS 11 Gallery A Tale of Two Styluses From our Partners     See more offers from the PC & Tech Authority Software Store     Sponsored Links Most popular tech stories 7 accounting packages for Australian small businesses compared: including MYOB, QuickBooks Online, Reckon, Xero 6 cloud accounting systems for Australian small businesses compared: MYOB, QuickBooks, Reckon, Saasu, Sage and Xero How long will a UPS keep your computers on if the lights go out? Six cloud CRM systems compared Another fake ASIC email threat hits Australian inboxes Cisco names Dimension Data, Ericsson, IBM, Orange and BT as its five top global partners Here are the best tech companies to work for in Australia Microsoft Outlook users hit by Office 365 outage Inside the investigation that took down Plutus Payroll Atlassian, Harvey Norman, TPG bosses rank among Australia's richest business leaders Few users go through with expensive NBN tech switches ATO reveals cause of SAN failure ANZ Bank taps ex-IBM CIO Jeff Smith for agile advice Cathay Pacific sets go-live for global SAP overhaul NBN Co left holding $1m damage bill 10 advanced tips for Rainbow Six Siege 20 key tips for succeeding at Rainbow Six Siege 18 pro tips from the Rainbow Six Siege world cup 13 tips for starting out in Playerunknown’s Battlegrounds 8 conquering tips for starting out in Northgard About Us  |  Sitemap  |  Newsletter Archive  |  A-List  |  Advice  |  Top 10  |  Mobile Site  |  Feedback  |  Advertise  |  Newsletters  |  Contact Us Atomic MPC  |  BIT  |  CRN Australia  |  iTnews  |  PC PowerPlay  |  SC Magazine Copyright © 2017 nextmedia Pty Ltd. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in any form without prior authorisation. Your use of this website constitutes acceptance of nextmedia's Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions. Login to PC & Tech Authority Username: * Username required Password: * Password required Remember me  |  Forgot your password? Don't have an account? Register now! To request a new password, please enter the email address linked to your PC & Tech Authority account and we'll send one to you. Email: * Email required * Invalid Email address * Invalid Email address Click here to return to Login Form Become part of PC & Tech Authority Join our site to get stuck in with comments and discussions with other passionate readers and tech fans, and stay up to date with the latest news and reviews through our range of newsletters. Email* * Email address required * Invalid Email address I have read and accept the privacy policy and terms and conditions and by submitting my email address I agree to receive the PC & Tech Authority daily newsletter and receive special offers on behalf of PC & Tech Authority, nextmedia and its valued partners. We will not share your details with third parties. 1) Login Details First Name* * First name req'd Last Name* * Last name req'd Username* * Username required Password* * Password required Confirm Password* * Password confirmation required * Passwords don't match! 2) About You Country* -- Select a Country -- Australia Afghanistan Albania Åland Islands Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Virgin Islands British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo, Democratic of the Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Côte d'Ivoire Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic East Timor Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia Gabon French Southern Territories Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guatemala Guam Guernsey Guinea Guinea Bissau Guyana Haiti Hong Kong Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran, Islamic Republic of Iraq Ireland Israel Isle of Man Italy Ivory Coast Jamaica Japan Jordan Jersey Korea Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macedonia, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macau Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Panama Palestinian Territory, Occupied Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Qatar Puerto Rico Réunion Romania Russia Rwanda Saint Helena Saint Barthélemy Saint Lucia Saint Kitts & Nevis Saint Martin Saint Pierre & Miquelon Saint Vincent & the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and South Sandwich Islands Soviet Union Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic of Thailand Togo Timor-Leste Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States of America Uruguay United States Minor Outlying Islands Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City State Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, U.S. Wallis and Futuna Yemen Western Sahara Zambia Zimbabwe World Asia Indochina Europe England Scotland Middle East Asia-Pacific Global Asean * Country req'd State* -- Select -- NSW QLD VIC SA WA ACT NT TAS * State req'd Post Code* * Post Code req'd Birth Year* -- Select -- 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 1998 1997 1996 1995 1994 1993 1992 1991 1990 1989 1988 1987 1986 1985 1984 1983 1982 1981 1980 1979 1978 1977 1976 1975 1974 1973 1972 1971 1970 1969 1968 1967 1966 1965 1964 1963 1962 1961 1960 1959 1958 1957 1956 1955 1954 1953 1952 1951 1950 1949 1948 1947 1946 1945 1944 1943 1942 1941 1940 1939 1938 1937 1936 1935 1934 1933 1932 1931 1930 1929 1928 1927 1926 1925 1924 1923 1922 1921 1920 1919 1918 1917 * Birth year required Employment Role* -- Select Role -- IT Business Owner IT Executive IT Professional IT Entry-level IT Sales Non IT Business Owner Non IT Executive Non IT Professional Non IT Entry-Level Non IT Sales Other If 'Other', enter below: * Role required Company Size* -- Select Size -- 1 - 9 10 - 49 50 - 99 100 - 249 250 - 499 500 - 999 1000 - 2499 2500+ * Company Size required I only want to subscribe to the Daily newsletter I'd also like to subscribe to: Weekly newsletter Atomic, Hyper and Gaming newsletter Gadgets and Stuff newsletter Downloads newsletter Already have an account? Log in here. Processing registration... Please wait. This process can take up to a minute to complete. Please check your email A confirmation email has been sent to your email address - SUPPLIED EMAIL HERE. Please click on the link in the email to verify your email address. You need to verify your email before you can start posting. If you do not receive your confirmation email within the next few minutes, it may be because the email has been captured by a junk mail filter. Please ensure you add the domain @pcauthority.com.au to your white-listed senders. Click here to close this message Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Tech News Home > Tech > Tech News < Back to SMG 45 Wednesday, 31 May 2017 | MYT 11:00 AM Apple poised to take on streaming biz as services segment flourishes by jan dawson A little more than 80% of Apple's total revenues over the past year have come from hardware sales, with iPhones accounting for nearly two-thirds of the total and iPads and Macs another 20%. But Apple's Services segment generated around 13% of the total. — Bloomberg LOS ANGELES: The vast majority of Apple's revenue still comes from iPhones, Macs, iPads and other hardware. But its Services business has become its fastest-growing segment – and hidden within that unit is a content business that's growing tremendously.  A little more than 80% of Apple's total revenues over the past year have come from hardware sales, with iPhones accounting for nearly two-thirds of the total and iPads and Macs another 20%. But Apple's Services segment generated around 13% of the total.  The segment includes iTunes, iBooks and the App Store as well as revenues from Apple Music, Apple Pay and money Google sends to Apple for featuring its search engine in its Safari browser. It's become the fastest-growing part of Apple's business, averaging 20% growth year on year even as Apple's iPhone business has shrunk a little.  The Services business has become so important to Apple that the company has set a formal target of doubling revenues from the segment between 2016 and 2020. But the segment is also something of a black box, containing many different parts of Apple's business across a range of areas, none of which Apple breaks out explicitly.  Yet it's possible to arrive at some pretty decent estimates of the size of the constituent parts and, specifically, to break out the content business. That business generated about US$15bil (RM64.21bil) in net revenue for Apple in 2016 – around 7% of its total revenues.  If we look at Apple's gross take from its content business, the number is even more impressive. On that basis, revenue was nearly US$8bil (RM34.25bil) in the March 2017 quarter, and the scale of the content business is approaching that of some of the largest congloms.  That quarterly revenue number was roughly double CBS' quarterly income; it was about the size of total 21st Century Fox revenues toward the end of last year; and it eclipsed NBCUniversal business (minus theme parks). The only major content businesses bigger were Time Warner's and Disney's. And Apple is rapidly closing in on Time Warner.  This scale and rapid rate of growth make Apple's content business unique among its peers, and that puts it in a powerful position to invest, even in original content. We're seeing the start of that effort with a series of acquisitions for videos to play in Apple Music, including a series from The Late Late Show host James Corden. But Apple could easily increase that spending if it becomes serious about a standalone subscription video offering.  So far, the company isn't trying to compete directly with Netflix, which it sees as a partner and a customer. But there's no financial reason why Apple couldn't begin to challenge not just Netflix but Amazon, HBO, Hulu and any number of other players that invest in original content. — Reuters Related Stories You May Be Interested Wal-Mart tests delivery of online packages by store workers Bansen Labs adapter allows gamers with disabilities to connect with technology Snapchat’s ‘Spectacles’ go on sale in Europe 5 superpowers every mum has 6 beautiful cities to add to your bucket list How to avoid dehydration during Ramadan Others Also Read Cycling promotes closer ties Middle East countries cut off ties with Qatar, cites terrorism Neighbours enjoy various activities organised by RT advertisement Latest News European telecoms firms pin hopes on Esports video game gladiators China agrees to delay electric car quota by a year Google’s Chrome browser to start blocking annoying ads next year Bansen Labs adapter allows gamers with disabilities to connect with technology Toyota-supported flying car hopes to light the Tokyo 2020 Olympic flame Most Viewed in Tech Bentley on Demand is like Uber for the uber rich Here’s how to know if someone’s blocked you on WhatsApp Microsoft’s weapon in high-stakes cloud-computing battle with Amazon? Freebies After London attack, Facebook says aims to be hostile environment for terrorists Samsung Galaxy Tab S3: Sleek and stylish Nest Cam IQ security camera can recognise faces Toyota-supported flying car hopes to light the Tokyo 2020 Olympic flame Apple says payouts from App Store total US$70bil Will Samsung’s new notebooks write a new chapter? Waze unveils carpool app Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
Music THEHOTLIST.am Replay Collections Mobile Charts iPhone iPad Android Wearables Mac TV Movies Deals Connect with us RAZMAG.com Music THEHOTLIST.am Replay Collections Mobile Charts iPhone iPad Android Wearables Mac TV Movies Deals Apple Debuts Extended Trailer for ‘Can’t Stop, Won’t Stop’ Share Tweet Bozoma Saint John, Global Consumer Marketing for Apple Music, Said To Be Leaving… Here’s What’s Moving in #NEWMUSIC — This Friday [LISTEN] Now On iTunes U.S: 10-Movie Bundles for $19.99 ea. 100th Episode of #OneMix — Streaming 6/2 @ 11AM PT. TV Apple Debuts Extended Trailer for ‘Can’t Stop, Won’t Stop’ By Arron Hirst 31st May 17 3:39 am Share Tweet Set to begin streaming exclusively on Apple Music – next month, documentary film ‘Can’t Stop, Won’t Stop’ will chronicle the rise of Harlem-born U.S rapper, Sean John Combs, better known to most as Puff Daddy … …and ahead of the film’s worldwide airing on June 25, Apple over the weekend began promoting an extended trailer for the Live Nation, Bad Boy production across social media, as it aims to drum up hype … A post shared by Apple Music (@applemusic) on May 24, 2017 at 10:50am PDT The long-form film is just the latest in a string of precisely targeted, calculated moves that the company hopes will perpetually help it to bring in new waves of paying subscribers to Apple Music, as the streaming giant continues to battle to remain relevant against the likes of Spotify… and others. / Image via VIPE Watch the Trailer on Apple Music. Not yet a Member? Subscribe to Apple Music New members get 3 months free. Exclusions apply. Student? Save 50% on your monthly Apple Music subscription. Subject to eligibility. Continue Reading You may also like... Bozoma Saint John, Global Consumer Marketing for Apple Music, Said To Be Leaving… Here’s What’s Moving in #NEWMUSIC — This Friday [LISTEN] Now On iTunes U.S: 10-Movie Bundles for $19.99 ea. 100th Episode of #OneMix — Streaming 6/2 @ 11AM PT. Related Topics:5/25, AM, Apple Music, Can't Stop, Doc, Docudrama, Documentary, Extended Trailer, Harlem, June 25, Puff Daddy, Rap, Rapper, Rise, Sean Combs, Trailer, TV, U.S, Video, Watch Now, Won't Stop Arron Hirst In an attempt to merge the worlds of music, design and journalism, Arron is perhaps best known for founding online news brand: RazorianFly; a hobby which grew to attract a monthly audience of 120K. Today he can be found designing and writing for RAZMAG.com whilst also managing #THEHOTLIST - a weekly updating playlist of the hottest new artists, now streaming on Apple Music. More in TV iOS Now Available: iOS 10.3.3, macOS 10.12.6, watchOS 3.2.3 + tvOS 10.2.2 (Beta 2) By Arron Hirst30th May 17 11:54 pm Continuing its development drive for each of the upcoming updates, Apple on Tuesday posted a slew... TV Bloodline (Season 3). Now Streaming On Netflix. By Arron Hirst28th May 17 3:54 am Those awaiting the conclusion of Netflix’s original U.S hit Bloodline may be pleased to learn that... Movies Apple Celebrates Life and Work of Sir Roger Moore By Arron Hirst24th May 17 3:22 pm Citing that for decades the legendary actor epitomised “sly British cool,” after establishing himself as a... TV FREE HD Pilots: The Kennedys, Poldark + ‘The Path’ at Limited-Time Price By Arron Hirst18th May 17 8:04 pm If you’re looking to watch something other than Style’s behind-the-scenes album exclusive this weekend, you may... TV Deals: ‘Planet Earth: The Complete Collection’ Drops To £17.99 HD By Arron Hirst14th May 17 2:21 am Just days after it featured Planet Earth II as its ‘TV Show of the Week’ –... Apple Here’s What You May Have Missed [9/5-11/5] By Arron Hirst12th May 17 4:25 pm With WWDC fast approaching, and rumours of Apple’s next-generation iPhones continuing to swirl, a lot has... TV Now Available To Developers: tvOS 10.2.1 (Beta 5) By Arron Hirst4th May 17 10:57 pm Developers looking to test their tvOS apps against Apple’s incoming update to the platform will want... TV ‘Planet Earth II’ Drops To £7.99 HD as Apple’s “TV Series Of The Week” By Arron Hirst3rd May 17 1:40 am Those yet to experience the stunning nature and location videography offered up by Sir David Attenborough’s... Apple Apple Announces Q2, 2017 Earnings Results [PR] By Arron Hirst3rd May 17 1:08 am As expected, Apple on Tuesday revealed its earnings results for the second quarter of FY2017 –... #THEHOTLIST A weekly updating playlist full of the hottest breaking vibes. Now streaming — Only on MUSIC. Weekly Pick More info iPhone + iPad WWDC FREE Current Promotions ✨ Explore these digital deals — but hurry! £6.99 HD: All The LOLs Flash [£9.99 HD] House of Cards [From £9.99 HD] Wizard of Oz [£5.99 HD] Man of Steel [£5.99 HD] HP: Deathly Hallows P2 [£5.99 HD] Gremlins [£5.99 HD] 69¢ Songs iBooks: Collision [FREE] HD Film Bundles 99p HD Movie Rentals Under £5: Futurescapes Discovered on MUSIC BUY Stickers See All More info iPhone + iPad Sticker Pop! $0.99 More info iPhone + iPad MarcyMoji FREE Hot Movies See All Explore these trending movies .... ﻿ BUY Logan $14.99 BUY Life $14.99 BUY Get Out $14.99 Browse the App Store Choose a category to get started ... Books Business Catalogs Education Entertainment Finance Food & Drink Games Indie Games Health and Fitness Lifestyle Magazines & Newspapers Medical Music Navigation News Photo & Video Productivity Reference Shopping Social Networking Sports Stickers Travel Utilities Weather Where to Next? iOS | Apple's mobile operating system. iPhone | The phone that changed it all. iPad | Cupertino's magical tablet. Mac | Insanely Great. Rising on Mac See All More info Mac Holy Potatoes! We’re in Space?! $13.99 More info Mac SimCity™: Complete Edition $29.99 More info Mac Never Alone $14.99 Search the Archive Search the Archive Select Month June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 February 2012 August 2011 January 2011 0 ABOUT POLICY RSS Copyright © 2017 RAZMAG.com. The Apple® logo, App Store®, iPhone®, iPod®, iPad®, Mac®, iTunes®, watchOS® and tvOS™ are trademarks of Apple Inc. iOS is a trademark or registered trademark of Cisco in the U.S. and other countries. All other content remains the property of its respective owners. RAZMAG™ is a division of RazorianFly. version 10.0 To Top
Edition: Global   One News Page “Probably the fastest-access news portal in the world” HOME WORLD SPORTS POLITICS BUSINESS PEOPLE SCITECH Science Technology  • Computer Industry •  Internet Automotive One News Page > Computer Industry > Apple's 'Carpool Karaoke' TV Series to Debut on August 8 Apple's 'Carpool Karaoke' TV Series to Debut on August 8 Will SmithSophie TurnerQueen Latifah Tuesday, 30 May 2017 (5 days ago) Apple today announced that its first original television show, "Carpool Karaoke: The Series," will debut on Apple Music on Tuesday, August 8. "Carpool Karaoke: The Series" is based on the popular Carpool Karaoke segment from "The Late Late Show with James Corden." Apple purchased rights to the show back in mid-2016 and showed off the first trailer in February. The show was originally supposed to launch in April, but its debut was delayed. "Carpool Karaoke" will feature 16 half-hour episodes starring celebrity pairs riding in a car as they sing songs together. Each episode, produced by James Corden, Ben Winston, and Eric Kankowski, will feature a different host. New episodes will premiere on Tuesdays. Excited to roll out #CarpoolKaraoke: The Series on @AppleMusic — Coming August 8! — Eddy Cue (@cue) May 30, 2017Today's "Carpool Karaoke" update includes a list of each of the celebrities pairings that will be featured on the show, ranging from Will Smith and James Corden to "Game of Thrones" stars Maisie Williams and Sophie Turner. Carpool Karaoke: The Series for Apple Music will welcome a different group of superstars every Tuesday, with new episodes available exclusively to Apple Music subscribers in more than 100 countries. Celebrity pairings include Will Smith and James Corden; Miley, Noah, Billy Ray and the entire Cyrus family; Shakira and Trevor Noah; Game of Thrones stars Sophie Turner and Maisie Williams; Queen Latifah and Jada Pinkett Smith; John Legend, Alicia Keys and Taraji P. Henson; LeBron James and James Corden; and many more. "Carpool Karaoke: The Series" will be available solely to Apple Music subscribers in more than 100 countries.Related Roundups: Apple TV, tvOS 10 Tags: Apple Music, Carpool Karaoke Buyer's Guide: Apple TV (Don't Buy) Discuss this article in our forums » View on web 0 shares Share on FacebookShare on TwitterPost on  RedditShare by Email   Source: Wochit Entertainment - 5 days ago< > Embed When Is "Carpool Karaoke" Coming To Apple Music? 00:40 Apple announced that its streaming service will release its adaptation of James Corden's "Carpool Karaoke" on August 8. This is the company's first move into orginal video for Apple Music. The series will be available to subscribers who pay $9.99 a month for the streaming service. Apple first... Recent related news Apple’s Carpool Karaoke series will debut August 8thApple has announced the release date for its first — and so far biggest — original series. Carpool Karaoke will debut August 8th on Apple Music, iTunes... The Verge 5 days ago - TechnologyAlso reported by •BGR India •S.China Morning Post •AppleInsider •Business Insider •DNA •Macworld •engadget •Billboard.com Apple Music sets Aug. 8 as new release date for 'Carpool Karaoke'Apple Inc's Apple Music streaming service will release its adaptation of comedian James Corden's "Carpool Karaoke" to subscribers beginning on Aug. 8, the... DNA 5 days ago - ScienceAlso reported by •Reuters You Might Like Twitter Facebook Page People Ariana Grande Donald Trump LeBron James Kevin Durant Vladimir Putin Current Topics One Love Manchester London Attack Portland Peyton Manning Spotlight 📺 Live TV Movie Reviews Staff Stories Google Are Moving Home - And Its Design Is A Bit Of A Stretch How Long Has Trump Been Vocal About Global Warming? Check His Twitter History Bad News For Shyamalan Fans - His TV Reboot's Been Canned Which Classic TV Show Is Heading Back To The Big Screen..? Again? What Is 'COVFEFE', And What Does It Have To Do With Trump? Kathy Griffin's Trump Photo Causes A Stir - And Severs Her Ties With CNN Corbyn Bites Back - Was His Debate Decision The Killer Move Labour Need? MOVIE REVIEW: Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales Environmentally friendly: One News Page is hosted on servers powered solely by renewable energy © 2017 One News Page Ltd. All Rights Reserved.  |  About us  |  Disclaimer  |  Press Room  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Privacy Policy  |  Content Accreditation  RSS  |  News for my Website  |  Free news search widget  |  Help  |  Contact us  |  DMCA / Content Removal How are we doing? Send us your feedback  |   LIKE us on Facebook   FOLLOW us on Twitter   FIND us on Google+
Club MacStoriesWeekly Extras MENU ABOUT PODCAST NEWSLETTER ADVERTISE SECTIONS APP REVIEWS IPAD DIARIES STORIES APPLE HISTORY IOS AUTOMATION GAMES Readdle Brings Split View Drag & Drop to Their iPad Apps iOS 11: iPad Wishes and Concept Video Things 3: Beauty and Delight in a Task Manager This week's sponsor Trails Your GPS Tracker and Logbook for iPhone & Apple Watch More Than Stickers: Exploring iMessage App Utilities By Ryan Christoffel It has been nearly a full year since Craig Federighi introduced the iMessage App Store to developers at WWDC. Coming out of that keynote, it was easy to guess that sticker packs might become a hit with users, but the big unknown surrounded the idea of more powerful iMessage apps. Would anyone actually want to use iMessage for anything more than basic messaging? The challenge with creating a great iMessage app is similar in ways to that of creating a great Apple Watch app. In most cases it requires taking an existing app and stripping functionality down to its simplest form, while still retaining the overall usefulness and power of the full app. And as is true with Watch apps, some iMessage apps tackle the challenge well, while others fail to be useful due to slow or overcomplicated interfaces. The first year of the iMessage App Store has been dominated by stickers, but amidst the crazy sharks and flaming pizza, there are a number of interesting and creative apps serving as helpful utilities as well. I have tried out iMessage apps for ordering food, managing files, sharing calendars, sending payments, planning meetings, and more. What follows is a list of some of my favorites. Unitrans: Unitrans is an iMessage-only app that translates your words, using a variety of language options, so you can send intelligible messages in a language that's foreign to you. It's a free download, but after you try it, the $1.99 In-App Purchase is a must. With the IAP the app will remember the default language for each conversation so you only have to select it once. Without the IAP, you'll have to manually set the correct language every time you use Unitrans, which is a terrible experience because the interface for selecting a language is painfully slow. Depending on the language you need, you have to tap the down arrow countless times to find it. The IAP limits that experience to the first time you message someone new with Unitrans, so I highly recommend it. Once you get the app set up, it is remarkably simple to use, and makes a perfect fit for iMessage. Starbucks: Although some food and drink-focused iMessage apps allow you to place a group order from within Messages, Starbucks went a simpler route. The one function of the app is sending digital Starbucks gift cards to friends – a task accomplished with ease using Apple Pay. Opening the app presents a number of gift card design options, with themes related to birthdays, congratulations, graduations, and more. Tap on the design you'd like to send, and you can choose from three amount options: $5, $10, and $25. Next you just have to hit a 'Buy' button, scan your fingerprint to authorize Apple Pay, and the gift is ready to send away. Starbucks has really nailed the presentation and ease of use here, making this app a great option when you want to surprise someone with a gift. Fandango: Fandango has packed the full ticket-purchasing experience into its iMessage app, and it works quite well. Upon opening the app, you're greeted with an assortment of movie posters that represent the top films currently showing in your area. If you don't see what you're looking for, there's a search option as well. With a movie selected, you'll see all of its showings at theaters nearby, and after selecting a showtime you're presented with two options: Buy or Send Info. The former walks you through the remainder of the purchasing process, including things like seat selection if your theater has reserved seats. Everything can be completed directly from Messages, then those tickets can be sent to your friends. If you're not ready to buy yet, you can hit Send Info to create a rich media card that can be sent to your friends. This card includes imagery from the film, the rating, running length, Rotten Tomatoes score, and the details of the showing you selected. The recipient, upon tapping this card, can hit the 'Let's Go' button or suggest a different showtime. Venmo and Square Cash: Each of these services for sending and receiving money is built around simplicity; once you have an account setup, using Venmo or Square Cash is quick and easy. It makes sense, then, that each service would work well in iMessage. Venmo has the edge, as its iMessage app allows both sending and requesting payment, whereas Square Cash only permits the former. Rumors indicate that Apple is working on a peer-to-peer payment expansion of Apple Pay, which may prove an even simpler alternative to these options. For now though, sending and receiving money doesn't get much easier than these iMessage apps. Who's In: Microsoft introduced Who's In last month as an easy way to plan outings with friends. When playing the role of event planner, you can use the app to browse restaurants, movie showtimes, or nearby attractions. Once you've found what you're looking for, making that selection will then prompt you for the date and time of the outing. Those details are sent to your friends in a rich card interface that looks great. When they receive your message, tapping the card will allow them to vote on if they're in for the plans or not. The ease of responding to a proposed event makes Who's In a clever, streamlined method of event planning. Pocket: Pocket is one of the premier read-later services available today, and its iMessage app is the best way to share articles from the service through Messages. Opening the app will present a list of recent articles saved to My List. If the article you're looking for isn't there, you can use the search box to find articles both from My List and from your Archive. Selecting an article shares its native link containing a featured image, title, and link source. Alternately, if you instead share from the main Pocket app using the share sheet, what you'll share is a Pocket-specific link that results in what you see at the top of the screenshot on the right – a pocket.co link is complemented by a second message bubble containing the page's title in plain text. The iMessage app's output, seen in the bottom half of the same screenshot, is easily the superior presentation. Dropbox and OneDrive: Both of these apps let you share files by browsing your full folder hierarchy within Messages; Dropbox has a slight edge in the field of navigation as it includes a search option, which OneDrive does not. But the way file sharing is handled is fundamentally different between Dropbox and OneDrive. When you send a Dropbox file, what you're really sharing is a file link. This allows recipients to view and download the file in question without needing to do anything extra like download an app. OneDrive opts for a different sharing route; in order to open a sent file, recipients need to have the OneDrive app installed. If they already have the app installed, though, the OneDrive iMessage app will show them a full preview of the file's contents right within Messages. Each approach has benefits and drawbacks – file previewing from within Messages is a nice user experience, and one that Dropbox doesn't have, but that benefit comes with the potential hassle of installing a new app first. Evernote: Evernote was one of the few productivity apps that launched an iMessage app on iOS 10's release day, and if you use Evernote as your primary note database, you'll likely find a lot to like here. The iMessage app allows you to see recent notes, or search for any other note from your database, and send that note through a message. The nice thing is that all note formatting is retained and presented in an attractive fashion. The one drawback is that for recipients to view a note, they have to download the Evernote app. An account isn't necessary, simply a download; but even still, downloading the app may prove an inconvenience for others. The best use case for Evernote's iMessage app is when you know someone already uses the service, as they'll be able to both view and save any notes you send with ease. Copied: Although Copied is widely considered a productivity app, its iMessage app isn't. It's such a clever app, though, that I wanted to mention it. The iMessage component of Copied won't send text snippets, as you might expect, but instead is used to access your own curated selection of images to send to others. You can set the app up to either display all images that have been saved to Copied in the past, or (my preference) a select group of images that's been organized using the app's Lists feature. Navigating between different image lists within iMessage is even possible. Essentially, this allows you to create your own "sticker packs" consisting of the images you want, organized the way you want. Developers have done an admirable job building powerful iMessage apps that can make life easier. And while it is still the early days of iMessage productivity, I believe the ceiling of iMessage productivity will ultimately be set by Apple, not developers. Building useful apps is one challenge, but conveniently accessing those apps is another. Much like the iPad's multitasking app picker, the iMessage app drawer interface has been flawed since it launched. Organizing and accessing apps is a slow process if you have more than a handful of apps installed. As a result, iMessage apps are less useful than they should be. It's easier to use Spotlight search to open the full Fandango or Venmo apps than it is to navigate the app drawer in Messages. But that can change in the future. Apple could leverage the iMessage platform as a hub for productivity, the way Slack has built a messaging platform on third-party integrations. Whether the company wants to move that direction remains to be seen; perhaps stickers are the peak of Apple's ambition for iMessage apps. It's quite telling that only two first-party apps feature iMessage support – Music and Activity – and one contains only stickers. The work third-party developers have done shows that potential still exists for iMessage apps to make a meaningful contribution to productivity on iOS. Whether that potential will be realized is entirely up to Apple. Tags: iMessage Sign Up Unlock MacStories Extras Club MacStories offers exclusive access to extra MacStories content, delivered every week; it’s also a way to support us directly. Club MacStories will help you discover the best apps for your devices and get the most out of your iPhone, iPad, and Mac. Plus, it’s made in Italy. Starting at $5/month, with an annual option available. Join the Club. A Club MacStories membership includes: MacStories Weekly newsletter, delivered every week on Friday with app collections, tips, iOS workflows, and more; Monthly Log newsletter, delivered once every month with behind-the-scenes stories, app notes, personal journals, and more; Access to occasional giveaways, discounts, and free downloads. Ryan Christoffel Ryan is a regular contributor to MacStories. He most commonly works and plays on his iPad Pro and bears no regrets about moving on from the Mac. He and his wife live in Texas, where he works for his church. Twitter: @iryantldr | Email: ryan@macstories.net ABOUT PODCAST NEWSLETTER ADVERTISE Code by Alessandro Vendruscolo | Design by Silvia Gatta | Hosted by MacStadium | Acknowledgements Copyright 2017 MacStories. All rights reserved. v4.3.7
Club MacStoriesWeekly Extras MENU ABOUT PODCAST NEWSLETTER ADVERTISE SECTIONS APP REVIEWS IPAD DIARIES STORIES APPLE HISTORY IOS AUTOMATION GAMES Readdle Brings Split View Drag & Drop to Their iPad Apps iOS 11: iPad Wishes and Concept Video Things 3: Beauty and Delight in a Task Manager This week's sponsor Trails Your GPS Tracker and Logbook for iPhone & Apple Watch WWDC App Updated with New Design and Features By John Voorhees Apple has updated the WWDC app ahead of its annual developer conference that begins June 5, 2017 in San Jose, California. The app has an all-new design this year. In 2016, the UI was dominated by dark tones causing speculation that it was a precursor to a system-wide dark mode that didn’t materialize. This year’s update shares some of the same design language as the Apple Music and News apps. In addition to the refreshed design, Apple has added curated video playlists focused on themes like Developing for iPad, interactive maps of the WWDC venue and surrounding area, for the first time, the ability to use of all of the app's features without signing into a developer account, and a new ‘Venue’ tab. Apple is also making a podcast studio available as part of WWDC for attendees who need a space to record shows. Though not mentioned in the release notes, the WWDC app has a little surprise in store in the form of iMessage stickers. The set includes 17 colorful cartoon-style images with an assortment of classic Apple iconography, logos for Metal and Swift, and more. The WWDC app is a free download on the App Store. You can also follow all of our WWDC coverage through our WWDC 2017 hub, or subscribe to the dedicated WWDC 2017 RSS feed. Tags: wwdc 2017 Sign Up Unlock MacStories Extras Club MacStories offers exclusive access to extra MacStories content, delivered every week; it’s also a way to support us directly. Club MacStories will help you discover the best apps for your devices and get the most out of your iPhone, iPad, and Mac. Plus, it’s made in Italy. Starting at $5/month, with an annual option available. Join the Club. A Club MacStories membership includes: MacStories Weekly newsletter, delivered every week on Friday with app collections, tips, iOS workflows, and more; Monthly Log newsletter, delivered once every month with behind-the-scenes stories, app notes, personal journals, and more; Access to occasional giveaways, discounts, and free downloads. John Voorhees John joined MacStories in 2015. He is a regular contributor to MacStories and the Club MacStories newsletters, co-hosts AppStories, a weekly podcast exploring the world of apps, with Federico, and handles sponsorship sales for MacStories and AppStories. John is also the creator of Blink, an iTunes affiliate linking app for iOS. Twitter: @johnvoorhees | Email: voorhees@macstories.net ABOUT PODCAST NEWSLETTER ADVERTISE Code by Alessandro Vendruscolo | Design by Silvia Gatta | Hosted by MacStadium | Acknowledgements Copyright 2017 MacStories. All rights reserved. v4.3.7
Club MacStoriesWeekly Extras MENU ABOUT PODCAST NEWSLETTER ADVERTISE SECTIONS APP REVIEWS IPAD DIARIES STORIES APPLE HISTORY IOS AUTOMATION GAMES Readdle Brings Split View Drag & Drop to Their iPad Apps iOS 11: iPad Wishes and Concept Video Things 3: Beauty and Delight in a Task Manager This week's sponsor Trails Your GPS Tracker and Logbook for iPhone & Apple Watch Carpool Karaoke Will Be Released Every Tuesday Starting August 8th→ Linked By John Voorhees Apple announced that Carpool Karaoke: The Series will debut for Apple Music subscribers on August 8th. According to Apple’s press release, the show, based on James Corden’s popular segment from The Late Late Show with James Corden: …will welcome a different group of superstars every Tuesday, with new episodes available exclusively to Apple Music subscribers in more than 100 countries. Celebrity pairings include Will Smith and James Corden; Miley, Noah, Billy Ray and the entire Cyrus family; Shakira and Trevor Noah; Game of Thrones stars Sophie Turner and Maisie Williams; Queen Latifah and Jada Pinkett Smith; John Legend, Alicia Keys and Taraji P. Henson; LeBron James and James Corden; and many more. Originally anticipated to be released earlier, Apple pushed the debut of Carpool Karaoke back last month. Source: apple.com Tags: Apple Music, tv ABOUT PODCAST NEWSLETTER ADVERTISE Code by Alessandro Vendruscolo | Design by Silvia Gatta | Hosted by MacStadium | Acknowledgements Copyright 2017 MacStories. All rights reserved. v4.3.7
Club MacStoriesWeekly Extras MENU ABOUT PODCAST NEWSLETTER ADVERTISE SECTIONS APP REVIEWS IPAD DIARIES STORIES APPLE HISTORY IOS AUTOMATION GAMES Readdle Brings Split View Drag & Drop to Their iPad Apps iOS 11: iPad Wishes and Concept Video Things 3: Beauty and Delight in a Task Manager This week's sponsor Trails Your GPS Tracker and Logbook for iPhone & Apple Watch Reach Navigation→ Linked By Federico Viticci Brad Ellis has some interesting ideas and examples on how Apple could shift the iOS interface from top-oriented navigation bars to thumb-friendly cards and sheets sitting towards the bottom of the screen: The navbar has been essential part of iOS since Apple released the first developer kit, and it has served us well. But it’s time to let go. Let’s agree to stop sticking important buttons to the top of the screen. Better navigation is within reach. I think Ellis is onto something here. After Apple Music and Apple Maps in iOS 10, I'd be surprised if we don't get more of these "reach navigation" redesigns in iOS 11 (which would also make sense if Apple is releasing an iPhone with a taller screen later this year). Source: medium.com Tags: design, iOS ABOUT PODCAST NEWSLETTER ADVERTISE Code by Alessandro Vendruscolo | Design by Silvia Gatta | Hosted by MacStadium | Acknowledgements Copyright 2017 MacStories. All rights reserved. v4.3.7
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Woz thinks the next big innovation will come from Tesla, not Apple Yoni Heisler BGR News May 30, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Over the past few decades, Apple has been at the forefront of a number of technological revolutions. From the Apple II and the original Mac to the iPod and the iPhone, there’s no denying that Apple’s long history of innovative products have fundamentally changed the way the world uses and interacts with technology. As a result of Apple’s illustrious track-record, the expectation for Apple to deliver the next big thing tends to be greater than it is for any other company on the planet. Indeed, calls for Apple to magically release a product capable of eclipsing the iPhone have been persistent for years now. Interestingly enough, Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak believes that Apple’s time as an innovative company may be coming to an end. As Woz explains it, this isn’t to say that Apple won’t continue to deliver exciting new products, but rather that the next great leap forward in the tech space will likely emanate from a completely different company: Tesla. Don't Miss: Google Search just got a lot more personal During a recent interview with Bloomberg, Woz said that Tesla CEO Elon Musk will be at the vanguard of the next tech revolution. “I think Tesla is on the best direction right now,” Woz explained. “They’ve put an awful lot of effort into very risky things.” Woz also intimated that Apple, not to mention other tech giants like Google and Microsoft, may simply be too big for its own good. “Look at the companies like Google and Facebook and Apple and Microsoft that changed the world, and Tesla included,” Woz added. “They usually came from young people. They didn’t spring out of big businesses.” It’s an interesting point, but Apple — more so than the companies referenced above — has shown a penchant for changing the world even as an established “big business.” Indeed, the iPhone release came hot on the heels of the iPod. Nonetheless, it’s important to remember that innovation is not necessarily a zero sum game, which is to say that there’s enough room for the tech world to enjoy innovative new products and services from more than just one company. Woz’s full interview can be viewed below: Trending right now: NASA’s insane plan to ‘touch the sun’ is actually happening T-Mobile is having one of its biggest ever giveaways New iPhone 8 leak helps kill horrible design rumors See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Share What to Read Next Inventor of “Iron Man” jet suit beats his own speed record Yahoo Tech Wallet-worthy upgrade—Discover Cashback Match Discover CardSponsored How to install Android apps on your Windows computer, the easy way Digital Trends Microsoft's Xbox Game Pass will end your free time forever Yahoo Tech Google's autonomous car company is now testing out self-driving trucks Yahoo Tech A Card Now Offering a $200 Bonus To New Customers NextAdvisorSponsored Uber posts $708 million loss and says finance head left Yahoo Tech New leak sheds light on Apple’s secretive ‘smart glasses’ project BGR News How the Microsoft Surface Pro compares to Apple's best Yahoo Tech An Insane Card Offering A 0% APR Until August 2018 NextAdvisorSponsored Microsoft's Skype draws inspiration from Snapchat in big redesign Yahoo Tech How Washington is throwing away its shot at protecting your privacy Yahoo Tech Rumor claims Apple’s MacBook Air line is dead BGR News The Ultimate List Of Iconic Swimsuit Moments... www.hooch.netSponsored Why Amazon let 4,000 dogs into its Seattle headquarters Yahoo Tech Mark Zuckerberg: The most important thing I built at Harvard Yahoo Tech Zuckerberg to Harvard grads: 'You have to create a sense of purpose for others' Yahoo Tech Spacious Single-Family Homes at Holly Ridge Ryan HomesSponsored NBA Finals 2017 live stream: How to watch Warriors vs. Cavaliers Game 2 online BGR News No, your Apple computer isn't immune from ransomware Yahoo Tech The new Samsung Galaxy does 27 things the iPhone doesn't Yahoo Tech What Happened To Lynda Carter? SemesterzSponsored The most important announcements from Google's big developers' conference Yahoo Tech 'Need for Speed Payback' puts players on the road to revenge this November Digital Trends How to avoid the massive WannaCry ransomware attack Yahoo Tech Photos Captured At Walmart Auto OverloadSponsored A widely praised Supreme Court decision still doesn't fix the broken patent system Yahoo Tech
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Tesla, Not Apple, Might Be Most Innovative Tech Company, Here's Why Rishabh Jain International Business Times May 29, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share According to reports, the update is currently available only to Tesla vehicles in North America, but will soon roll out globally.More Steve Wozniak, who co-founded Apple along with Steve Jobs, told Bloomberg Sunday that Tesla could replace Apple as the most innovative tech company. "I think Tesla is on the best direction right now. They've put an awful lot of effort into very risky things. I'm going to bet on Tesla," he told the publication. When asked how Tesla is different from the company he founded, he added, "They started with a car -- the Tesla Model S -- that made little sense in engineering terms in how much you have to build for what price and what the market will be.” According to Wozniak, Tesla’s strength is that it is based on founder Elon Musk’s vision of how he would like to see the company’s products, such as the Model function for his own usage. Read: Tesla Motors (TSLA) Slapped Down By Bank Of America, Which Says Company’s Stock Is ‘Vastly Overvalued’ After Period Of ‘Hyperbolic Growth’ While Apple is now a large company with a cumulative valuation upwards of $800 billion, Tesla is valued at $68 billion. But, both companies have developed in similar ways over time. Both companies were small start-ups at one point of time, driven by the vision of a single person — in Apple’s case it was Steve Jobs and in Tesla’s case, it is Elon Musk. Both companies have disrupted the way things usually work in their respective industries. Apple was the first in the computer industry to use graphical user interfaces in PCs in the 80’s and in its second coming under the leadership of Jobs, it transformed the music player and smartphone industries, with the iPhone being the first major smartphone supportive of apps. Tesla had a similar approach to the auto industry. Musk was the first to focus attention on autonomous, electric cars not just as a concept, but rather the execution. Before Tesla, electric cars were niche products but the company made the product a mainstream one and following Tesla’s lead, most major carmakers and even tech companies are now investing in self-driving and electric automobile technology. The biggest similarity between both companies has been that their vision has been different than the prevalent norms and in most cases, way ahead of its time. But, what Wozniak is indicating isn’t wrong either. While Apple has grown considerably in terms of size, it can’t be said to be on the forefront of innovation any longer and the biggest proof of this is the company’s flagship device, the iPhone. For years, Apple’s iPhone was way ahead of its Android rivals, in terms of the features it offered. In fact, every iPhone release brought out a feature that wasn’t to be found on any Android phone, right up to the iPhone 4, which came with Siri. But the market forces have caught up with Apple and the company is no longer at the forefront of innovation. After iPhone 4, every new iPhone has had incremental or even large-scale changes in comparison to the previous generation of the device, but the device can no longer be said to be miles ahead of the competition. In fact, Android devices such the Samsung Galaxy S8, which offer features such as a 10nm processor, Bixby and Dual Audio might be way ahead of Apple in terms of features. Instead, like any large tech company, Apple is now consolidating its market share and making devices such as iPhone SE, a rehash of the iPhone 5, to cater to the budget consumer. Read: Tesla Solar Roof Tiles' Pre-Orders To Begin Soon, US Rollout Expected This Year Tesla, as Wozniak says, is a “young company” and is continuing to innovate in various areas, whether it be its cars, solar energy, space travel and even Musk’s latest obsessions – brain powered devices and tunneling machines. As tech companies mature, market factors start affecting them more and their tendency for innovation is replaced by market capitalization, as happened in Apple’s case. Tesla is still in its nascent years compared to Apple, which is why Wozniak’s assumption could be correct.  Related Articles How Does Tesla's Model 3 Compare To The Model S? Tesla, SpaceX CEO Elon Musk Optimistic Trump Will Make Good Decision On Paris Agreement Reblog Share Tweet Share What to Read Next Inventor of “Iron Man” jet suit beats his own speed record Yahoo Tech Wallet-worthy upgrade—Discover Cashback Match Discover CardSponsored How to install Android apps on your Windows computer, the easy way Digital Trends Microsoft's Xbox Game Pass will end your free time forever Yahoo Tech Google's autonomous car company is now testing out self-driving trucks Yahoo Tech A Card Now Offering a $200 Bonus To New Customers NextAdvisorSponsored Uber posts $708 million loss and says finance head left Yahoo Tech New leak sheds light on Apple’s secretive ‘smart glasses’ project BGR News How the Microsoft Surface Pro compares to Apple's best Yahoo Tech An Insane Card Offering A 0% APR Until August 2018 NextAdvisorSponsored Microsoft's Skype draws inspiration from Snapchat in big redesign Yahoo Tech How Washington is throwing away its shot at protecting your privacy Yahoo Tech Rumor claims Apple’s MacBook Air line is dead BGR News 15 Hot Weather Girls Who Love To Show Off Their... www.hooch.netSponsored Why Amazon let 4,000 dogs into its Seattle headquarters Yahoo Tech Mark Zuckerberg: The most important thing I built at Harvard Yahoo Tech Zuckerberg to Harvard grads: 'You have to create a sense of purpose for others' Yahoo Tech The Ultimate List Of Iconic Swimsuit Moments... www.hooch.netSponsored NBA Finals 2017 live stream: How to watch Warriors vs. Cavaliers Game 2 online BGR News No, your Apple computer isn't immune from ransomware Yahoo Tech The new Samsung Galaxy does 27 things the iPhone doesn't Yahoo Tech What Happened To Lynda Carter? SemesterzSponsored The most important announcements from Google's big developers' conference Yahoo Tech 'Need for Speed Payback' puts players on the road to revenge this November Digital Trends How to avoid the massive WannaCry ransomware attack Yahoo Tech Photos Captured At Walmart Auto OverloadSponsored A widely praised Supreme Court decision still doesn't fix the broken patent system Yahoo Tech
Login All Reviews Editorials News Foxconn Source Spills Details on iPhone X, Says AR Glasses Likely to be Cancelled Another Company Wants to Heat Your Home with Server Waste Heat OneLogin Customer Data Exposed in Ridiculously Bad Security Breach Tips Get Free Bitcoins from 21 Faucets That Pay macOS: Disable Video Autoplay in Safari Podcasts iCloud Syncing is the Bane of my Existence – Mac Geek Gab 660 OneLogin Encryption Breach, WWDC 2017 Expectations - TMO Daily Observations 2017-06-02 View All Results → macOS: Speedifier Lets You Control Video Speed In Safari Sonos PLAYBASE Review: Room-Filling Sound for Music, TV, and Movies HP Caters to Creative/Tech Pros with Z2 Mini PC Can WALTR 2 Really Be Your iTunes Replacement? Belkin Car Vent Mount for Smartphones: No, This One Works! View All Reviews → America's Smartest Business Leaders Think Trump Is Wrong on Paris Accord Predictions About Apple's WWDC Announcements are Actually Valuable Monday's Apple WWDC Keynote Just Got Even More Exciting How AIs, like Siri, Could Become Our Proxy Shoppers Apple Could Own Device-Centric AI with Custom Chip View All Editorials → Carpool Karaoke Coming to Apple Music on August 8th, Here’s the Lineup Bryan Chaffin @TMOBryan · +Bryan Chaffin 1 minute read May 30th, 2017 5:22 PM EDT | News Apple announced Tuesday that Carpool Karaoke will officially debut on Apple Music on August 8th. That’s a Tuesday, Apple will be airing new episodes on that day of the week. We have the first season lineup below. John Legend and Alicia Keys in Carpool Karaoke Carpool Karaoke has been a breakout hit on The Late Late Show with James Corden, where he drives around with celebrities singing in the car. However, Mr. Corden will not be the dedicated host for the Apple Music version of the show, which will instead feature a different celebrity guest-host every episode. James Corden will have cameo appearances, as teased in the image below. James Corden and Lebron James in Carpool Karaoke Apple Music Carpool Karaoke Lineup Apple’s press release specified the following pairings for the first season of Carpool Karaoke: Will Smith and James Corden Miley, Noah, Billy Ray, and the entire Cyrus family Shakira and Trevor Noah Game of Thrones stars Sophie Turner and Maisie Williams Queen Latifah and Jada Pinkett Smith John Legend, Alicia Keys, and Taraji P. Henson LeBron James and James Corden Shaquille “Flat Earther” O’Neal and John Cena Michael Strahan and Jeff Gordon Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit More Print Tumblr Tags: Apple Music, Carpool Karaoke, James Corden You might also like… Get Free Bitcoins from 23 Faucets That Pay Apple’s Rumored Siri Speaker Targets Sonos, Too The 5 Best Hackintosh Graphics Cards macOS: Disable Video Autoplay in Safari Monday's Apple WWDC Keynote Just Got Even More Exciting Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials America's Smartest Business Leaders Think Trump Is Wrong on Paris Accord Bryan Chaffin | June 2, 2017 Here's What to Expect at Apple's WWDC 2017 Keynote Jeff Gamet | June 2, 2017 TMO Weekly Sponsor Have a tech question? Visit our Mac Geek Gab Facebook Group and have the tech support brilliance of the entire Mac Geek Gab community at your fingertips! Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $155.45 +2.27 (1.48%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » Foxconn Source Spills Details on iPhone X, Says AR Glasses Likely to be Cancelled Another Company Wants to Heat Your Home with Server Waste Heat OneLogin Customer Data Exposed in Ridiculously Bad Security Breach Nike VaporMax Flyknit Apple Watch Bands Already Sold Out Apple Decks Out McEnry Convention Center for WWDC 2017 Recent Tips See All » Get Free Bitcoins from 21 Faucets That Pay macOS: Disable Video Autoplay in Safari Safari: How to Check for Malicious Extensions How to Set Up iCloud Calendar for Alexa The 5 Best Hackintosh Graphics Cards Recent Editorials See All » America's Smartest Business Leaders Think Trump Is Wrong on Paris Accord Here's What to Expect at Apple's WWDC 2017 Keynote Predictions About Apple's WWDC Announcements are Actually Valuable Monday's Apple WWDC Keynote Just Got Even More Exciting Why Apple's WWDC Event is Even More Important in 2017 18008 Bryan Chaffin news 0 1496164950 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Feed Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising
Login All Reviews Editorials News Foxconn Source Spills Details on iPhone X, Says AR Glasses Likely to be Cancelled Another Company Wants to Heat Your Home with Server Waste Heat OneLogin Customer Data Exposed in Ridiculously Bad Security Breach Tips Get Free Bitcoins from 21 Faucets That Pay macOS: Disable Video Autoplay in Safari Podcasts iCloud Syncing is the Bane of my Existence – Mac Geek Gab 660 OneLogin Encryption Breach, WWDC 2017 Expectations - TMO Daily Observations 2017-06-02 View All Results → macOS: Speedifier Lets You Control Video Speed In Safari Sonos PLAYBASE Review: Room-Filling Sound for Music, TV, and Movies HP Caters to Creative/Tech Pros with Z2 Mini PC Can WALTR 2 Really Be Your iTunes Replacement? Belkin Car Vent Mount for Smartphones: No, This One Works! View All Reviews → America's Smartest Business Leaders Think Trump Is Wrong on Paris Accord Predictions About Apple's WWDC Announcements are Actually Valuable Monday's Apple WWDC Keynote Just Got Even More Exciting How AIs, like Siri, Could Become Our Proxy Shoppers Apple Could Own Device-Centric AI with Custom Chip View All Editorials → Gene Munster Predicts New Apple Products at WWDC John Martellaro @jmartellaro Under a minute read May 30th, 2017 6:53 PM EDT | Cool Stuff Found The Apple analyst Gene Munster, now with Loup Ventures, has provided his predictions for new and updated Apple products at WWDC—which starts June 5th. He includes a probability with each of the four items. Personally, I think the probability for a 10.5-inch iPad Pro should be a little higher, just because Apple is way behind in its iPad refresh cycle. But check out Gene’s estimates and see what you think. Check It Out: Gene Munster Predicts New Apple Products at WWDC The Mac Observer's WWDC 2017 coverage sponsored by: Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit More Print Tumblr Tags: BackBook Pro, iOS, iPad Pro, WWDC, wwdc2017 You might also like… Get Free Bitcoins from 23 Faucets That Pay Apple’s Rumored Siri Speaker Targets Sonos, Too The 5 Best Hackintosh Graphics Cards macOS: Disable Video Autoplay in Safari Monday's Apple WWDC Keynote Just Got Even More Exciting 3 Comments Add a comment geoduck May 30, 2017 iOS11 is a gimme. they ALWAYS preview iOS and macOS at WWDC. Updated MAcBook Pros, yes 50^ might be a bit lower than I’d guess but not to quibble. I would reverse the 10.5 iPad Pro and Siri Home assistant. The former would, I predict, REPLACE the 9.7″ iPad Pro rather than being another size. The latter is an interesting idea but un;less there are huge improvements to Siri aleo released at WWDC it won’t happen. May 30, 2017 at 8:07 EDT PM Lee Dronick May 30, 2017 How about HomeKit for OSX May 30, 2017 at 9:08 EDT PM tedlandau May 31, 2017 He mentions iOS 11 coming but not macOS 10.13. I assume that’s just an oversight. Otherwise, quite odd. May 31, 2017 at 12:55 EDT PM Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials America's Smartest Business Leaders Think Trump Is Wrong on Paris Accord Bryan Chaffin | June 2, 2017 Here's What to Expect at Apple's WWDC 2017 Keynote Jeff Gamet | June 2, 2017 TMO Weekly Sponsor Are you the Resident Geek for your friends, family and co-workers? If so, you might enjoy hanging out with other like-minded folks on the Mac Geek Gab Facebook Group. Come join the fun! Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $155.45 +2.27 (1.48%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » Foxconn Source Spills Details on iPhone X, Says AR Glasses Likely to be Cancelled Another Company Wants to Heat Your Home with Server Waste Heat OneLogin Customer Data Exposed in Ridiculously Bad Security Breach Nike VaporMax Flyknit Apple Watch Bands Already Sold Out Apple Decks Out McEnry Convention Center for WWDC 2017 Recent Tips See All » Get Free Bitcoins from 21 Faucets That Pay macOS: Disable Video Autoplay in Safari Safari: How to Check for Malicious Extensions How to Set Up iCloud Calendar for Alexa The 5 Best Hackintosh Graphics Cards Recent Editorials See All » America's Smartest Business Leaders Think Trump Is Wrong on Paris Accord Here's What to Expect at Apple's WWDC 2017 Keynote Predictions About Apple's WWDC Announcements are Actually Valuable Monday's Apple WWDC Keynote Just Got Even More Exciting Why Apple's WWDC Event is Even More Important in 2017 18017 John Martellaro cool-stuff-found 3 1496170433 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Feed Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising
Business Home LBoard Saudi leads Arab allies in cutting ties with Qatar FMT Reporters Read More FMT BAHASA FMT BORNEO+ FMT VIDEO CONTRIBUTE NEWS HOME NATION OPINION WORLD LEISURE SPORTS BUSINESS ADVERTISE WITH US Apple Music sets August 8 as new release date for ‘Carpool Karaoke’ Reuters | May 31, 2017 The series for Apple Music is an adaptation of a popular segment that runs during CBS Corp's "The Late Late Show with James Corden" and sees him driving with a celebrity and singing a medley of songs. NEW YORK: Apple Inc’s Apple Music streaming service will release its adaptation of comedian James Corden’s “Carpool Karaoke” to subscribers beginning on Aug. 8, the company said on its website on Tuesday. The technology giant had previously announced that “Carpool Karaoke: The Series” would be launched in April as part of a move into original video for Apple Music, a $9.99-a-month streaming service. Apple later delayed the release without providing an explanation, Reuters reported. The series for Apple Music is an adaptation of a popular segment that runs during CBS Corp’s “The Late Late Show with James Corden” and sees him driving with a celebrity and singing a medley of songs. Corden will appear in the Apple Music series with basketball superstar LeBron James and actor Will Smith, according to Apple’s statement. Other episodes feature celebrity pairings including John Legend with Alicia Keyes and Taraji P. Henson, and Miley Cyrus with her father, Billy Ray Cyrus, and other family members. New episodes of the series will be released on Apple Music on Tuesdays, the company said. “Carpool Karaoke” will continue to be a recurring segment on “The Late Late Show.” Comments Readers are required to have a valid Facebook account to comment on this story. We welcome your opinions to allow a healthy debate. We want our readers to be responsible while commenting and to consider how their views could be received by others. Please be polite and do not use swear words or crude or sexual language or defamatory words. FMT also holds the right to remove comments that violate the letter or spirit of the general commenting rules. The views expressed in the contents are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of FMT. Comments Share this story Previous Story Next Story Vietnam to sign deals for up to $17 billion in US goods, services Sterling hammered by poll showing risk of hung parliament ROS Med.Rect 1 Taboola ROS 1 ROS Med.Rect 2 Most Read News 2 snatch thieves caught after colliding with car PAS ajak sekat perhimpunan ‘Kristian Zionis’ di… Thousands may lose jobs in RHB-AmBank merger What’s happened to DAP’s principles? Ketua Puteri Umno nasihat Dr M menang dulu PRU ‘Stomp on Sivarasa’ campaign fails to rile MP Dakwaan Shafee terima RM9.5 juta mudah disiasat, PAS… Tipu helah budak lelaki halau 4 anjing jalanan Do you have a strategy for your twilight years? The new silk road: Dancing with dragons? ROS Med.Rect 3 Opinion SB Alcohol in flights, a rejoinder Making football great again with 2 memorable finals The perennial dilemma of language and losing our culture The new silk road: Dancing with dragons? Negara perlukan ‘pemandu baru’, PAS sedia ganti BN Goodbye wordsmith Rehman Rashid More... FMT Bahasa Putera Harry buka puasa di Singapura Saudi dan negara Arab lain putus hubungan dengan Qatar PAS ajak sekat perhimpunan ‘Kristian Zionis’ di Melaka Pakar: Beribu kakitangan boleh hilang kerja jika RHB, Ambank bergabung Rakyat Singapura disuruh bersikap toleran, tiada ‘tapi’ dan ‘kalau’ Dakwaan Shafee terima RM9.5 juta mudah disiasat, PAS beritahu SPRM More... Misc Ads – Movie Content Facebook Page Home | About Us | Disclaimers / Copyright | Advertise | Contact Us | Copyright (C) 2009-2016 MToday News Sdn. Bhd. All Rights Reserved.
Click to Skip Ad Closing in... Tech Entertainment Business Deals Science Politics About Computers Image Source: Aaron Yoo It sure looks like a new MacBook Pro is coming next month Chris Smith @chris_writes May 30th, 2017 at 7:33 PM Share Tweet The MacBook Pro update that you were waiting for arrived last fall, complete with a brand new design, a new signature feature, and a complete lack of ports that you’d expect on a $1,800 computer. It wasn’t all you wanted, but it still became a massive success for Apple, according to various reports. But if you haven’t bought one yet, then you might be better off not clicking that “buy” button just yet. WWDC 2017 is just around the corner, and it looks like the MacBook Pro is going to get a refresh already. Don't Miss: The Essential phone that’s going after the iPhone 8 and Galaxy S8 is finally here A variety of reports says that Apple’s developers conference will bring us a bunch of new products, including a 10.5-inch iPad Pro, a Safari speaker, and MacBook updates across the board. As usual, Apple would not reveal anything ahead of the main WWDC 2017 keynote, which is scheduled for June 5th, but we already have a sign that suggests the MacBook Pro is getting a refresh. As of right now, you can’t order a 15-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar and expect to get it any sooner than June 5-7. That means Apple’s MacBook Pro stock has depleted, as new models are coming in. The 13-inch model is still in stock, as is the case of the older MacBooks Pro that Apple still sells. The MacBook and MacBook Air are also both still in stock. But you’d probably be better off not ordering any new MacBook until after the June 5th keynote, which is when we’ll find out exactly what MacBooks Apple plans to refresh. Tags: Apple, MacBook Pro, WWDC 2017 View Comments Trending 1 Tech People are going to pay $880 for this ‘Pirates of the Caribbean’ Galaxy S8, sadly 2 Tech Rumor claims Apple’s MacBook Air line is dead 3 Tech Foxconn insider drops avalanche of information about the iPhone 8, new MacBooks, Apple’s smart glasses and more 4 Tech New leak sheds light on Apple’s secretive ‘smart glasses’ project 5 Entertainment NBA Finals 2017 live stream: How to watch Warriors vs. Cavaliers Game 2 online Picked For You Advertise About Contact Copyright 2017 BGR Media, LLC Powered by WordPress.com VIP | Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Rights | Terms Of Use ad
Music THEHOTLIST.am Replay Collections Mobile Charts iPhone iPad Android Wearables Mac TV Movies Deals Connect with us RAZMAG.com Music THEHOTLIST.am Replay Collections Mobile Charts iPhone iPad Android Wearables Mac TV Movies Deals WWDC App Updates With New Features, Details On This Year’s Keynote Share Tweet Bozoma Saint John, Global Consumer Marketing for Apple Music, Said To Be Leaving… #WWDC: 62 Ways To Say “To Be Announced”… (with Emoji) Here’s What’s Moving in #NEWMUSIC — This Friday [LISTEN] McEnery Convention Center Dripped in WWDC Signage [PHOTOS] WWDC WWDC App Updates With New Features, Details On This Year’s Keynote By Arron Hirst 31st May 17 12:33 am Share Tweet With just days to go until this year’s Worldwide Developers Conference, Apple has issued its annual update to the official WWDC app. Following the app gaining support for Apple Watch in 2015, later adding full support for multitasking on iPad at the back end of last year, Apple’s WWDC app has been designed especially to give those planning to attend next Monday’s keynote in San Jose, CA the ability to see information relating to this year’s developer sessions. Updating at the top of the week just in time for this year’s conference, version 6.0 will allow users to watch curated video playlists focused on featured themes, as they view interactive venue and street maps, and discover important info about WWDC’s place of holding via the brand new “Venue” tab. This year, there’s an added bonus too: That’s because you can actually use all of the app’s features without having to sign in. It’s worth noting that version 5.0 of the app released last year introduced full support for live-streaming, for both iOS and tvOS. So come next Monday, not only will those not in attendance at the conference be able to tune in to proceedings via Apple’s official website (to be updated shortly), the firm will in addition be providing a live-stream of its mainstay keynote directly to iPhone, iPad and Apple TV users via the newly-updated WWDC app. Plus, the WWDC app also makes use of geofencing at the conference. This means you can receive notifications whilst at WWDC, dependent on your location inside the convention centre. Note: You can opt-out of using this feature by editing your iOS location privacy settings, by heading to Settings > Privacy > Location Services. Set to run from June 5-9, the conference will begin with a 2-hour keynote to be held at San Jose’s 5,000-seater McEnery Convention Center – beginning 10AM PT. Developer sessions are expected to be put on for the $1599-per-ticket attendees, afterwards. As ever, we’ll be on hand to provide coverage of this year’s conference. In the meantime, though, be sure to hit up our dedicated WWDC 17 hub for the latest news and announcements leading up to the event … More info iPhone + iPad WWDC FREE Continue Reading You may also like... Bozoma Saint John, Global Consumer Marketing for Apple Music, Said To Be Leaving… #WWDC: 62 Ways To Say “To Be Announced”… (with Emoji) Here’s What’s Moving in #NEWMUSIC — This Friday [LISTEN] McEnery Convention Center Dripped in WWDC Signage [PHOTOS] Related Topics:6.0.0, App Store, Apple, CA, California, Conference, Featured, McEnery Convention Center, Official, San Jose, Update, Version 6.0, What's New, Worldwide Developer, Worldwide Developers Conference, WWDC Arron Hirst In an attempt to merge the worlds of music, design and journalism, Arron is perhaps best known for founding online news brand: RazorianFly; a hobby which grew to attract a monthly audience of 120K. Today he can be found designing and writing for RAZMAG.com whilst also managing #THEHOTLIST - a weekly updating playlist of the hottest new artists, now streaming on Apple Music. More in WWDC WWDC #WWDC: 62 Ways To Say “To Be Announced”… (with Emoji) By Arron Hirst3rd Jun 17 3:04 am Masters at the science of secrecy, Apple has in more recent years increasingly used its official... WWDC McEnery Convention Center Dripped in WWDC Signage [PHOTOS] By Arron Hirst2nd Jun 17 3:14 am Just ahead of Apple executives taking the stage in San Jose, CA – where the firm... Mac Now Available To Developers: tvOS 10 (Beta 2), macOS 10.12 (Beta 2) and watchOS 3 (Beta 2). By Arron Hirst5th Jul 16 6:04 pm Alongside seeding the latest beta of iOS 10 Developer Preview to its registered testers, Apple has... Apple Apple Announces Search Ads Beta, Says Better App Discovery Is Coming By Arron Hirst20th Jun 16 12:58 am It was really only a matter of time before Apple began using the App Store to... WWDC Apple Design Awards: 2016’s Most Innovative Apps & Games By Arron Hirst16th Jun 16 11:57 am As it does every year at its Worldwide Developers Conference, Apple this week held the official... Apple TV tvOS 10: See What’s Next On Apple TV By Arron Hirst15th Jun 16 3:45 pm Apple continued to showcase what it believes will mark the beginning for the future of television,... iOS iOS 10: You Can Now Remove (Most) Stock Apps [DOWNLOAD HERE] [UPDATED] By Arron Hirst15th Jun 16 1:39 pm Yes, you heard us … almost 10 years after Apple’s mobile operating system first saw its... Mac macOS Sierra: What Can Your Mac Do Now? Just Ask. By Arron Hirst15th Jun 16 12:27 pm Alongside the previews of iOS 10 and watchOS 3 also came a first glimpse at the... Wrist Tech watchOS 3: Feels Like A Whole New Watch By Arron Hirst14th Jun 16 8:29 pm We’ve already talked about just some of the features set to arrive with the public release... #THEHOTLIST A weekly updating playlist full of the hottest breaking vibes. Now streaming — Only on MUSIC. Weekly Pick More info iPhone + iPad WWDC FREE Current Promotions ✨ Explore these digital deals — but hurry! £6.99 HD: All The LOLs Flash [£9.99 HD] House of Cards [From £9.99 HD] Wizard of Oz [£5.99 HD] Man of Steel [£5.99 HD] HP: Deathly Hallows P2 [£5.99 HD] Gremlins [£5.99 HD] 69¢ Songs iBooks: Collision [FREE] HD Film Bundles 99p HD Movie Rentals Under £5: Futurescapes Discovered on MUSIC BUY Stickers See All More info iPhone + iPad Sticker Pop! $0.99 More info iPhone + iPad MarcyMoji FREE Hot Movies See All Explore these trending movies .... ﻿ BUY Logan $14.99 BUY Life $14.99 BUY Get Out $14.99 Browse the App Store Choose a category to get started ... Books Business Catalogs Education Entertainment Finance Food & Drink Games Indie Games Health and Fitness Lifestyle Magazines & Newspapers Medical Music Navigation News Photo & Video Productivity Reference Shopping Social Networking Sports Stickers Travel Utilities Weather Where to Next? iOS | Apple's mobile operating system. iPhone | The phone that changed it all. iPad | Cupertino's magical tablet. Mac | Insanely Great. Rising on Mac See All More info Mac Holy Potatoes! We’re in Space?! $13.99 More info Mac SimCity™: Complete Edition $29.99 More info Mac Never Alone $14.99 Search the Archive Search the Archive Select Month June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 February 2012 August 2011 January 2011 0 ABOUT POLICY RSS Copyright © 2017 RAZMAG.com. The Apple® logo, App Store®, iPhone®, iPod®, iPad®, Mac®, iTunes®, watchOS® and tvOS™ are trademarks of Apple Inc. iOS is a trademark or registered trademark of Cisco in the U.S. and other countries. All other content remains the property of its respective owners. RAZMAG™ is a division of RazorianFly. version 10.0 To Top
Music THEHOTLIST.am Replay Collections Mobile Charts iPhone iPad Android Wearables Mac TV Movies Deals Connect with us RAZMAG.com Music THEHOTLIST.am Replay Collections Mobile Charts iPhone iPad Android Wearables Mac TV Movies Deals Now Available: iOS 10.3.3, macOS 10.12.6, watchOS 3.2.3 + tvOS 10.2.2 (Beta 2) Share Tweet Bozoma Saint John, Global Consumer Marketing for Apple Music, Said To Be Leaving… #WWDC: 62 Ways To Say “To Be Announced”… (with Emoji) McEnery Convention Center Dripped in WWDC Signage [PHOTOS] Bloomberg: Siri Speaker To Debut at WWDC17 iOS Now Available: iOS 10.3.3, macOS 10.12.6, watchOS 3.2.3 + tvOS 10.2.2 (Beta 2) By Arron Hirst 30th May 17 11:54 pm Share Tweet Continuing its development drive for each of the upcoming updates, Apple on Tuesday posted a slew of new software builds for developers to check out and begin testing their apps with. Reflecting the next minor upgrades for the company’s mobile, desktop, wrist and TV-based platforms, the second betas of iOS 10.3.3, macOS Sierra 10.12.6, watchOS 3.2.3 and tvOS 10.2.2 are now available to download by members of the Apple Developer Program. In the cases of iOS and macOS those channels include either the “Software Update” menu built into each device (Settings > General > Software Update on iPhone or iPad), or directly via the Mac App Store using the MacOS Sierra Developer Beta Access Utility – for those who may have installed a previous version of macOS 10.12 beta. Meanwhile, the latest developer-only builds of watchOS and tvOS can be installed in the usual ways. To install tvOS 10.2.2 (Beta 2) developers will want to first connect their fourth-generation Apple TV unit to their Mac, by way of a USB-to-USB-C cable, before proceeding to install the available tvOS software update file via their desktop copy of iTunes. Apple Watch owners on the other hand can grab this week’s latest update via the Software Upgrade menu inside Apple’s standalone Watch app. Although they should ensure that they have the correct beta provisioning profile installed on their device – before attempting to start the update. What’s New Right now (at least) there isn’t much to write home about regarding these latest updates – except for maybe a few scrolling improvements and general bug fixes. The latest updates essentially just add polish to the company’s recent released software upgrades: iOS 10.3, macOS 10.12.4, watchOS 3.2 and tvOS 10.2. Expect to find a whole bunch of under-the-hood stuff designed to ensure the future stability, compatibility and security of your device(s) … But not much more. That said, as ever, we’ll be sure to keep an eye out as Apple’s software development process continues and report on any substantial changes that may emerge in the coming weeks. Grab the updates at the Developer Center. More info iPhone Only macOS Sierra FREE More info iPhone Only Watch FREE Continue Reading You may also like... Bozoma Saint John, Global Consumer Marketing for Apple Music, Said To Be Leaving… #WWDC: 62 Ways To Say “To Be Announced”… (with Emoji) McEnery Convention Center Dripped in WWDC Signage [PHOTOS] Bloomberg: Siri Speaker To Debut at WWDC17 Related Topics:Apple, Apple SW, Apple TV, Apple Watch, Dev, Developer, Development, iOS, iOS 10.3.3, iPad, iPhone, macOS, macOS Sierra 10.12.6, News, Software, SW, tvOS, tvOS 10.2.2, Update, watchOS, watchOS 3.2.3, Wearables, What's New, Wrist Tech Arron Hirst In an attempt to merge the worlds of music, design and journalism, Arron is perhaps best known for founding online news brand: RazorianFly; a hobby which grew to attract a monthly audience of 120K. Today he can be found designing and writing for RAZMAG.com whilst also managing #THEHOTLIST - a weekly updating playlist of the hottest new artists, now streaming on Apple Music. More in iOS iOS Bloomberg: Siri Speaker To Debut at WWDC17 By Arron Hirst1st Jun 17 4:39 pm Over the past several months, talk surrounding whether or not Apple may be planning to launch... Deals 20 iOS Games Under $5 — This Weekend [LIST] By Arron Hirst27th May 17 2:24 am With the long May bank holiday weekend now in full swing, the iOS App Store is... iOS iOS 11 Features Envisioned In Stunning New Concept [VIDEO] By Arron Hirst20th May 17 1:39 am We’ve featured a lot of the visual mock-up work designer Sam Beckett has produced over the... Apple Apple Pay Officially Goes Live In Italy By Arron Hirst18th May 17 7:33 pm Despite the WSJ highlighting that Apple’s wireless payment solution is “yet to make plastic obsolete,” the... Apple Apple Releases iOS 10.3.2, macOS 10.12.5, tvOS 10.2.1 + watchOS 3.2.2 By Arron Hirst15th May 17 11:41 pm In testing for a number of weeks, as the company aimed to work out all of... Apple Here’s What You May Have Missed [9/5-11/5] By Arron Hirst12th May 17 4:25 pm With WWDC fast approaching, and rumours of Apple’s next-generation iPhones continuing to swirl, a lot has... Apple Apple Announces Q2, 2017 Earnings Results [PR] By Arron Hirst3rd May 17 1:08 am As expected, Apple on Tuesday revealed its earnings results for the second quarter of FY2017 –... iOS Bloomberg: Apple is Ready To Go All-In On AR [REPORT] By Arron Hirst25th Apr 17 1:04 am In a move which could hint at some potentially cool future enhancements coming to its mobile... iOS Apple Seeds iOS 10.3.2, macOS 10.12.4, tvOS 10.2.1 and watchOS 3.2.2 (Beta 4) By Arron Hirst24th Apr 17 8:51 pm Just a week after it seeded the third betas of iOS 10.3.2, macOS 10.12.4, tvOS 10.2.1... #THEHOTLIST A weekly updating playlist full of the hottest breaking vibes. Now streaming — Only on MUSIC. Weekly Pick More info iPhone + iPad WWDC FREE Current Promotions ✨ Explore these digital deals — but hurry! £6.99 HD: All The LOLs Flash [£9.99 HD] House of Cards [From £9.99 HD] Wizard of Oz [£5.99 HD] Man of Steel [£5.99 HD] HP: Deathly Hallows P2 [£5.99 HD] Gremlins [£5.99 HD] 69¢ Songs iBooks: Collision [FREE] HD Film Bundles 99p HD Movie Rentals Under £5: Futurescapes Discovered on MUSIC BUY Stickers See All More info iPhone + iPad Sticker Pop! $0.99 More info iPhone + iPad MarcyMoji FREE Hot Movies See All Explore these trending movies .... ﻿ BUY Logan $14.99 BUY Life $14.99 BUY Get Out $14.99 Browse the App Store Choose a category to get started ... Books Business Catalogs Education Entertainment Finance Food & Drink Games Indie Games Health and Fitness Lifestyle Magazines & Newspapers Medical Music Navigation News Photo & Video Productivity Reference Shopping Social Networking Sports Stickers Travel Utilities Weather Where to Next? iOS | Apple's mobile operating system. iPhone | The phone that changed it all. iPad | Cupertino's magical tablet. Mac | Insanely Great. Rising on Mac See All More info Mac Holy Potatoes! We’re in Space?! $13.99 More info Mac SimCity™: Complete Edition $29.99 More info Mac Never Alone $14.99 Search the Archive Search the Archive Select Month June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 February 2012 August 2011 January 2011 0 ABOUT POLICY RSS Copyright © 2017 RAZMAG.com. The Apple® logo, App Store®, iPhone®, iPod®, iPad®, Mac®, iTunes®, watchOS® and tvOS™ are trademarks of Apple Inc. iOS is a trademark or registered trademark of Cisco in the U.S. and other countries. All other content remains the property of its respective owners. RAZMAG™ is a division of RazorianFly. version 10.0 To Top
Click to Skip Ad Closing in... Tech Entertainment Business Deals Science Politics About Retail Image Source: Nintendo Nintendo’s Switch supply shortage might be all Apple’s fault Chris Smith @chris_writes May 30th, 2017 at 8:00 PM Share Tweet Nintendo would make a lot more Switch consoles than it initially planned, but the Japanese company ran into an unexpected problem: Apple. No, seriously. Don't Miss: The Essential phone that’s going after the iPhone 8 and Galaxy S8 is finally here The Switch doesn’t technically compete against any Apple product. The console does look like a tablet but has no tablet functionality yet. It’s only meant to play games. But just because it doesn’t do what a large smartphone or tablet can do aside from games, doesn’t mean the Switch doesn’t need the same components. The Wall Street Journal says that Nintendo is having trouble getting enough supplies for the Switch. Apple is gobbling a lot of parts for the iPhone, iPad, and other products that would also fit the Switch console. The report says that continued demand for the iPhone 7, and the incoming iPhone 8 are keeping parts makers at full capacity. Data centers are also putting pressure on Nintendo, as they require the same fast NAND flash storage. Nintendo can’t afford to pay more for components including NAND memory or LCD screens than data centers, and it can’t order more components than Apple does. The company could try to outbid rivals, but that may mean it’d have to manufacture the Switch at a loss. The Journal says that Nintendo is now expecting to sell up to 20 million Nintendo units by the end of March 2018, or twice the initial forecast. However, that’s not an official number, and Nintendo might not reach it if it can’t get the components it needs. The report does note that Nintendo might make use of air cargo to deliver Switch units to the US in time for the busy holiday season, a costly shipping method it used after it launched the console. Tags: Apple, iPhone 8, Nintendo, Switch View Comments Trending 1 Tech People are going to pay $880 for this ‘Pirates of the Caribbean’ Galaxy S8, sadly 2 Tech Rumor claims Apple’s MacBook Air line is dead 3 Tech Foxconn insider drops avalanche of information about the iPhone 8, new MacBooks, Apple’s smart glasses and more 4 Tech New leak sheds light on Apple’s secretive ‘smart glasses’ project 5 Entertainment NBA Finals 2017 live stream: How to watch Warriors vs. Cavaliers Game 2 online Picked For You Advertise About Contact Copyright 2017 BGR Media, LLC Powered by WordPress.com VIP | Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Rights | Terms Of Use ad
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Jun 04, 11:56 PM EDT Subscribe Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology Who's Andy Rubin? Creator Of New Essential Android Phone Has Extensive Smartphone History By Eric Chiu @eric_chiu On 05/30/17 AT 8:31 PM Close The smartphone field remains crowded thanks to companies ranging from flagships like Apple and Samsung to smaller manufacturers such as Huawei. And soon, the premium smartphone market will be seeing yet another contender. Essential, the smartphone company from Google Android co-founder Andy Rubin, confirmed Tuesday it will release the Essential Phone. The new smartphone is intended to go head-to-head with other premium competitors like the Apple iPhone 7, Samsung Galaxy S8 and Google Pixel. Internally, the new phone will be anchored around a display with a minimal bezel and feature an upscale ceramic and titanium body. Read: Andy Rubin's Essential Android Smartphone Possibly Appeared In A Michelin Ad Essential has yet to confirm a release date for the Google Android-based phone, but it will retail for $699 and is expected to launch later this year. The Essential Phone will also launch alongside a Home personal assistant device that will compete against models like the Amazon Echo. While Andy Rubin is well known to tech analysts and the industry thanks to his work with Google, Essential represents Rubin’s highest-profile move yet. Here’s what you need to know about Andy Rubin: Danger Inc. After short stints at companies like Apple and WebTV, Rubin becomes a co-founder and CEO at mobile hardware company Danger Inc. alongside Joe Britt and Matt Hershenson. Their flagship product is the T-Mobile Sidekick, which was also known as the Danger Hiptop. The HipTop was an early smartphone that featured a full keyboard and flippable screen. A 2002 Fortune feature details the company’s novel hardware structure: "The other particularly formative experience came from Rubin and Britt's stint at WebTV, 1996's hot startup that let users access the Internet through their TV sets. WebTV initially won praise because it was the first product that made getting on the Internet as simple as using a blender. " 'WebTV was a good appliance,' " Rubin says, " 'but it wasn't easily expandable. When users wanted instant messaging, it took us six months to come up with it.' " Those delays sunk WebTV. With the Hiptop, Rubin realized he could preserve the simplicity and correct the mistake. Instead of being just a stand-alone product, the Hiptop would have its intelligence residing on a server so the device could be updated regularly with new features without ever changing the hardware." Rubin Moves to Android In 2003, Rubin co-founded Android. At the time, the small startup operated under the radar and focused on developing software for mobile phones. The startup would eventually catch Google’s eye and be acquired in 2005 for an estimated $50 million. A 2005 Engadget story reflects the low-key reaction around the acquistion: "We only have the faintest idea why Google just bought Android, a stealthy startup that specializes in making 'software for mobile phones,' but we do know that trying to guess Google's next move recently replaced digging through Steve Jobs' garbage for clues about the next iPod at the top of our weekend activities list. It's no secret that Google's getting ready to a move into wireless [witness Monday's story that they were thinking about launching some sort of free Wi-Fi network]. We just don't know exactly what it's going to be yet." The Essential PH-1 features a titanium body, a ceramic back and Gorilla Glass 5. Photo: Essential Products Inc. Android Becomes Google Android Under Google, Android’s work eventually became bedrock behind its Google Android mobile operating system. The operating system launched in 2007 and helped fuel Google’s successful expansion into the mobile devices space. A 2016 Gartner report estimated that Google Android had a worldwide market share of around 82 percent. Read: Benchmark Reveals Specs For Andy Rubin's Essential Android Smartphone As an executive at Google, Rubin helped to shepherd Android to its initial heights. But at times, the operating system struggled to make the transition from startup to a central part of Google’s larger plans. Issues ranging from hardware fragmentation to partnerships with middling returns hindered Android’s ambitions and ability for growth. Rubin would eventually move to Google’s robotics division in 2013 and leave the company entirely in 2014. Playground Global and Side Ventures After leaving Google, Rubin explored and launched various projects including Playground Global. The company acts as a mix between a startup incubator and investment fund, and lets Rubin explore a longstanding interest in artificial intelligence development. A 2016 Wired feature details the company’s larger plans: "Playground’s ambitions extend far beyond building individual gadgets or even individual companies. Rubin wants Playground to become the factory that creates the standard building blocks — the basic quartermaster’s inventory of components — for the AI-infused future. And he wants to open up this platform of hardware and software tools so that anyone, not just the companies he works with directly, can create an intelligent device. If he’s successful, Playground stands to have the same kind of impact on smart machines that Android had on smartphones, providing the technological infrastructure for thousands of products and giving a generation of entrepreneurs the ability to build a smart drone. Or a house’s worth of intelligent appliances. Or, hell, a full-fledged robot." A Return to Smartphones However, Rubin’s focus would eventually turn back to the mobile hardware space. As Bloomberg reported, Rubin would start laying the groundwork for Essential starting in late 2015. The company’s flagship smartphone echoes many of Rubin’s past stops and reflects trends within the current smartphone space: It’ll be upscale, boutique and lack the bloat found in typical carrier-reliant smartphones. In a post Tuesday announcing Essential, Rubin reflected on the downsides of the current smartphone marketplace and his role in its creation:   "For all the good Android has done to help bring technology to nearly everyone, it has also helped create this weird new world where people are forced to fight with the very technology that was supposed to simplify their lives. Was this what we had intended? Was this the best we could do? "I left that night reflecting deeply on what was great and what was frustrating with the current state of technology today. After another long talk with my friend, we decided that I needed to start a new kind of company using 21st century methods to build products for the way people want to live in the 21st century." Join the Discussion Most Read The Newsletter Exclusive articles delivered to your inbox daily. Subscribe Related Stories Essential Phone Release Date May Not Have Full Carrier Support Andy Rubin's Essential Smartphone Revealed Recommended Business Chevy's Bolt Is Being Beaten To A Pulp By Tesla's Model 3 The Chevy Bolt is the little engine that couldn't live up to anticipation from GM. Elon Musk's Tesla Model 3 is beating it into oblivion. Technology How Can We Stop Cancer Cells From Spreading? Researchers studying events that promote metastasis found it may be attributed to a new biochemical signaling process. World ISIS Claims Responsibility For London Bridge Attack London Mayor Sadiq Khan says he's too busy to respond to President Donald Trump's tweets about the incident that left seven dead and dozens injured. National Democrats Tired Of Clinton Blame Tour The former secretary of state has been speaking her mind about the Trump administration, but fellow Democrats say she should step aside. © Copyright 2017 Newsweek Media Group All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Saturday, June, 03, 2017 serach × Toggle navigation Nation World States Cities Business Sport ICC Champions Trophy Entertainment Galleries Videos Life Style Specials Opinions All Sections   States Tamil Nadu Kerala Karnataka Andhra Pradesh Telangana Odisha Cities Chennai DelhiBengaluru Hyderabad Kochi Thiruvananthapuram Nation World Business Sport Cricket Football Tennis Other Education Social News Entertainment English Hindi Kannada Malayalam Tamil Telugu Review Galleries Videos Auto Life style Tech Health Travel Food Books Spirituality Opinions Editorials Ask Prabhu Columns Prabhu Chawla T J S George S Gurumurthy Ravi Shankar Shankkar Aiyar Shampa Dhar-Kamath Karamatullah K Ghori Edex Indulge Magazine The Sunday Standard E-paper Home Cities Chennai The ‘Power’ of a lunchbox By Abinaya Kalyanasundaram  |  Express News Service  |   Published: 30th May 2017 10:37 PM  |   Last Updated: 31st May 2017 05:31 AM  |   A+A A-   |   0 Share Via Email CHENNAI: From electrical engineering to youngest director of operations, Apple, and now founder and CEO of Vaya Life, Vashist Vasanthakumar has had quite a journey. Ask him how he handles these major shifts in both professional and geographical worlds, and he feels it was all meant to be. “I get this question a lot, but honestly, I feel it’s not that big a shift. I've always wanted to do something like this for a while and everything I learnt along the way helped me reach where I am today. The only ‘shift’ is that I came back to my hometown,” he laughs. The Chennai paiyan moved to the US to pursue a bachelor’s degree in University of Michigan and from then on, there was no stopping him. “Education abroad is different — they make you think out-of-the-box, manage projects that show you what leadership is. It’s more about developing soft skills,” he explains. He was interested in realised that business operations and after a master’s degree, he became the youngest director of operations at Apple, which only further excited the entrepreneurship bug in him. “The most important thing I learnt there was how much the design of a product can impact its success. Working there made me understand what design is,” he recalls, elaborating that his principle work at Apple involved design, user experiences and making products better. He came back to Chennai in 2016 with a goal to reinvent traditional and widely used personal products, starting with one of the most versatile products –—the lunchbox. “Many personal products have evolved, yet I saw that the lunchboxes I used to carry to school 20 years ago was still the same! And with the rising trend of eating out every day, re-inventing this made a lot of sense from a social stand-point,” he elaborates, adding that if their design appealed to people, it will inspire them to take lunch from home. Reinventing such a product would have been an easy task, but the design aesthetics he learnt from Apple made him delve into the deepest details — it took them 18 months to fine-tune and perfect their first product after testing with 60 prototypes. “Unlike software, it’s not something that can be changed overnight. You have to think of materials, how to use it and tools required. We also wanted to make it as light weight and compact as possible so that it can be put into a laptop bag,” he explains. Since shipping began in October 2016, their response has been great, both in the national and international market. Vaya’s range of lunchboxes is quite popular in Malaysia, Singapore, France, Germany and America as well. “We had no plans of launching abroad, but after many requests we launched a website and now ship to eight countries. Twenty percent of our sales comes from abroad. Who knew lunchboxes were a not only an Indian concept!” he laughs.   And why the name Vaya? “Vaya means power and strength in Sanskrit — I wanted a short name. It has nothing to do with my name or anyone else’s,” he smiles. What makes a good product design? Eye-catching design and aesthetics are important, but more than that, the user-friendliness and the user’s ability to know how to use a product without a manual is what matters. You can place your orders at www. vayalife.in O P E N Professional Courses Sponsored link Technology Courses Sponsored link Gallery IN PICS | How to tame a wild elephant run amok Preparing the traditional seviya for Ramadan arrow Videos How to make chicken shammi kebab New Yorkers celebrate iftar in front of Trump Tower arrow FOLLOW US Copyrights New Indian Express.2017 Dinamani | Kannada Prabha | Samakalika Malayalam | Malayalam Vaarika | Indulgexpress | Edex Live Contact Us | About Us | Careers | Privacy Policy | Search | Terms of Use | Advertise With Us Home | Nation | World | Cities | Business | Columns | Entertainment | Sport | Magazine | The Sunday Standard
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish Apple’s Carpool Karaoke Set For August 8 Launch By Tyler Lee on 05/30/2017 17:03 PDT Like tech videos? Subscribe to Ubergizmo on Youtube Earlier this year, Apple confirmed that “Carpool Karaoke” would be coming to Apple Music in 2017. The show was set for a launch last month, but unfortunately that did not happen as it was reported that it had been delayed. Apple did not officially confirm the show’s delay other than to reiterate that it was still on track for a 2017 debut. That being said regardless of whether or not the previous report was true, it seems that we now have a date to look forward to as Apple has since confirmed the launch of the show for the 8th of August, 2017. If you’ve enjoyed the original series which was a segment on The Late Late Show with James Corden, then this could be worth looking forward to. For those who are unfamiliar with the segment, basically it involves the show’s host, James Corden, picking up various celebrities in his car where he interviews them and sings songs with them. It has proven to be a very popular segment and it is not surprising that Apple was interested in it. From what we can tell, the version that will be launching on Apple Music won’t deviate much from the original concept, except that it seems that Corden won’t be hosting the show 100% of the time and will feature celebrity drivers as well. Filed in Apple >Audio. Read more about apple music and Entertainment. Related Articles 2017-05-29 Pirates Of The Caribbean 5 Opening Wasn't Smooth Sailing 2017-05-28 Pirates Of The Caribbean 5 Leak Dismissed By Disney CEO 2017-05-25 ‘Castlevania’ To Debut On Netflix July 7, 2017 2017-05-23 Verizon To Launch Over-The-Top Streaming Service 2017-05-10 Rejected Apple Intern Applicant Reimagines Apple Music 2017-05-09 Amazon Open To Having Apple Music On The Echo 2017-05-09 Spotify Accuses Apple Of Anticompetitive Practices In Europe 2017-04-27 Upcoming Puff Daddy Documentary Will Be Exclusive To Apple Music Hold On Tight, Your Flights In The Future Could Get A Lot Bumpier Samsung Galaxy S8 VS LG G6 In Speed Test Company In Sweden Embeds Microchips Into Its Employees Some Facebook Users Are Seeing A New Rocket Icon In The App Google Pulls The Plug On Its Map Maker Service Some Nintendo Switch Owners Are Reporting Warped Consoles User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 31 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman “Today at Apple” bringing new experiences to every Apple Store Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, macOS, watchOS and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple’s more than 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it. CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Carbonated Beverage Processing Equipment Market to Reach $7.2 Billion by 2022 – Industry Targeting Emerging Economies Like India, China, Brazil & Argentina – Research and Markets Next PostNext Apple Dubai Mall opens April 27 Search Recent Posts New Book Empowers Women to “Step Up” to Life’s Challenges Eisai to Present Results of Phase III Trial of Lenvima (Lenvatinib) as First-Line Treatment for Unresectable Hepatocellular Carcinoma in Oral Session at 53rd ASCO Annual Meeting Fujitsu Develops Blockchain-based Software for a Secure Data Exchange Network RF Amplifier Chips Market: Dynamics, Segments, Size and Demand, 2017-2022 Global Volumetric Soil Moisture Sensor Industry 2017 Market Research Report Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 31 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple Dubai Mall opens April 27 Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, macOS, watchOS and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple’s more than 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it. CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious “Today at Apple” bringing new experiences to every Apple Store Next PostNext Steel Rebar Market to Reach USD 154.08 Billion by 2021 – Rising Demand For Steel Rebar For Construction Projects – Research and Markets Search Recent Posts New Book Empowers Women to “Step Up” to Life’s Challenges Eisai to Present Results of Phase III Trial of Lenvima (Lenvatinib) as First-Line Treatment for Unresectable Hepatocellular Carcinoma in Oral Session at 53rd ASCO Annual Meeting Fujitsu Develops Blockchain-based Software for a Secure Data Exchange Network RF Amplifier Chips Market: Dynamics, Segments, Size and Demand, 2017-2022 Global Volumetric Soil Moisture Sensor Industry 2017 Market Research Report Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Music THEHOTLIST.am Replay Collections Mobile Charts iPhone iPad Android Wearables Mac TV Movies Deals Connect with us RAZMAG.com Music THEHOTLIST.am Replay Collections Mobile Charts iPhone iPad Android Wearables Mac TV Movies Deals Buckle Up: ‘Carpool Karaoke: The Series’ Just Got An Air Date … Share Tweet Bozoma Saint John, Global Consumer Marketing for Apple Music, Said To Be Leaving… Here’s What’s Moving in #NEWMUSIC — This Friday [LISTEN] McEnery Convention Center Dripped in WWDC Signage [PHOTOS] Now On iTunes U.S: 10-Movie Bundles for $19.99 ea. Music Buckle Up: ‘Carpool Karaoke: The Series’ Just Got An Air Date … By Arron Hirst 30th May 17 11:13 pm Share Tweet Yep, it’s still happening … Those that thought Apple had permanently parked its decision to release a serial spin-off to Cordon’s widely popular primetime Carpool segment, when the firm notably and seemingly without reason cancelled its planned L.A. launch event – last month, may be surprised to learn that the anticipated reality series just got an actual air date. “The show will feature many of today’s biggest names in music, television, film, sports and pop culture buckling up and belting out their favorite songs for a road trip filled with comedy, conversation and music,” Apple said in its release on Tuesday. The announcement came just hours after Eddy Cue tweeted to confirm the show was still on track for an August release. Full press release follows. Carpool Karaoke: The Series debuts August 8 on Apple Music Apple today announced Carpool Karaoke: The Series will be available to Apple Music subscribers starting Tuesday, August 8. The show will feature many of today’s biggest names in music, television, film, sports and pop culture buckling up and belting out their favorite songs for a road trip filled with comedy, conversation and music. Carpool Karaoke: The Series for Apple Music will welcome a different group of superstars every Tuesday, with new episodes available exclusively to Apple Music subscribers in more than 100 countries. Celebrity pairings include Will Smith and James Corden; Miley, Noah, Billy Ray and the entire Cyrus family; Shakira and Trevor Noah; Game of Thrones stars Sophie Turner and Maisie Williams; Queen Latifah and Jada Pinkett Smith; John Legend, Alicia Keys and Taraji P. Henson; LeBron James and James Corden; and many more. Based on the segment that has become a global, viral video sensation from the Emmy-winning The Late Late Show with James Corden, Carpool Karaoke: The Series is produced for Apple Music by CBS Television Studios and Fulwell 73. James Corden and Ben Winston are the creators and executive producers, along with executive producer Eric Pankowski. The popular Carpool Karaoke will continue to be a recurring segment on The Late Late Show with James Corden, which is broadcast Monday through Friday on the CBS Television Network. / Newsroom Continue Reading You may also like... Bozoma Saint John, Global Consumer Marketing for Apple Music, Said To Be Leaving… Here’s What’s Moving in #NEWMUSIC — This Friday [LISTEN] McEnery Convention Center Dripped in WWDC Signage [PHOTOS] Now On iTunes U.S: 10-Movie Bundles for $19.99 ea. Related Topics:AM, Apple Music, August 8, Carpool, Carpool Karaoke, Cordon, Debut, Featured, Music, Reality TV, Streaming, Television, TV, Video Arron Hirst In an attempt to merge the worlds of music, design and journalism, Arron is perhaps best known for founding online news brand: RazorianFly; a hobby which grew to attract a monthly audience of 120K. Today he can be found designing and writing for RAZMAG.com whilst also managing #THEHOTLIST - a weekly updating playlist of the hottest new artists, now streaming on Apple Music. More in Music Music Bozoma Saint John, Global Consumer Marketing for Apple Music, Said To Be Leaving… By Arron Hirst3rd Jun 17 4:06 am You may remember Bozoma “Boz” Saint John for her passionate on-stage demo of Apple Music and... Music Here’s What’s Moving in #NEWMUSIC — This Friday [LISTEN] By Arron Hirst2nd Jun 17 5:16 am It’s been a wall-to-wall week full of new music releases … and just ahead of THEHOTLIST... Music 100th Episode of #OneMix — Streaming 6/2 @ 11AM PT. By Arron Hirst1st Jun 17 5:27 pm Set to celebrate its 100th episode airing on the 24/7 station this weekend, Beats 1’s #OneMix... Music Ariana Grande Announces #Manchester Benefit Concert for June 4 By Arron Hirst30th May 17 4:21 pm The singer has announced she will honour all those who were caught up in the tragic... Music @ThisIsSigrid is #UpNext By Arron Hirst26th May 17 12:11 am Officially kicking off last month by highlighting the then lesser-known talents of Atlanta’s very own, R&B-infected:... Music Apple Music Debuts Film Exclusive: ‘Harry Styles: Behind The Album’ By Arron Hirst16th May 17 12:30 am As previously announced via the music service’s Instagram profile, Apple Music on Monday officially debuted exclusive... Music ‘Amar Pelos Dois’ Hits iTunes #1 Following ESC2017 [LISTEN] By Arron Hirst14th May 17 12:27 am After managing to defeat the televised contest’s 25 other contestants to be crowned winner of this... Music STARRHINO Debuts “Made On iPhone” Single: ‘It’s Time’ [LISTEN] By Arron Hirst4th May 17 10:44 pm Industry newcomers and all-round social phenomenon #STARRHINO officially announced the release of their debut single, on... Music Apple Music Reveals Exclusive ‘Puff Daddy’ Documentary, Streaming June 25 By Arron Hirst3rd May 17 2:10 am In a continuing effort to give its members evermore reasons to stay subscribed, Apple announced over... #THEHOTLIST A weekly updating playlist full of the hottest breaking vibes. Now streaming — Only on MUSIC. Weekly Pick More info iPhone + iPad WWDC FREE Current Promotions ✨ Explore these digital deals — but hurry! £6.99 HD: All The LOLs Flash [£9.99 HD] House of Cards [From £9.99 HD] Wizard of Oz [£5.99 HD] Man of Steel [£5.99 HD] HP: Deathly Hallows P2 [£5.99 HD] Gremlins [£5.99 HD] 69¢ Songs iBooks: Collision [FREE] HD Film Bundles 99p HD Movie Rentals Under £5: Futurescapes Discovered on MUSIC BUY Stickers See All More info iPhone + iPad Sticker Pop! $0.99 More info iPhone + iPad MarcyMoji FREE Hot Movies See All Explore these trending movies .... ﻿ BUY Logan $14.99 BUY Life $14.99 BUY Get Out $14.99 Browse the App Store Choose a category to get started ... Books Business Catalogs Education Entertainment Finance Food & Drink Games Indie Games Health and Fitness Lifestyle Magazines & Newspapers Medical Music Navigation News Photo & Video Productivity Reference Shopping Social Networking Sports Stickers Travel Utilities Weather Where to Next? iOS | Apple's mobile operating system. iPhone | The phone that changed it all. iPad | Cupertino's magical tablet. Mac | Insanely Great. Rising on Mac See All More info Mac Holy Potatoes! We’re in Space?! $13.99 More info Mac SimCity™: Complete Edition $29.99 More info Mac Never Alone $14.99 Search the Archive Search the Archive Select Month June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 February 2012 August 2011 January 2011 0 ABOUT POLICY RSS Copyright © 2017 RAZMAG.com. The Apple® logo, App Store®, iPhone®, iPod®, iPad®, Mac®, iTunes®, watchOS® and tvOS™ are trademarks of Apple Inc. iOS is a trademark or registered trademark of Cisco in the U.S. and other countries. All other content remains the property of its respective owners. RAZMAG™ is a division of RazorianFly. version 10.0 To Top
Magazine Jobs Watch Store Hot List Follow: Architecture Interiors Design Technology Movies Comments Opinion News Interviews Highlights About Subscribe Submit a story Advertise Contact Legal Dezeen Magazine Next story Follow: Movies Comments Opinion Subscribe Architecture Interiors Design Technology Magazine Jobs Watch Store Hot List Foster + Partners opens "one of our greenest Apple spaces yet" in Singapore Share: Amy Frearson | 30 May 2017 Leave a comment Foster + Partners has built yet another tree-filled Apple Store, but this one also features hand-carved stone staircases. Singapore's official ranking as the greenest city in Asia informed the design of Apple Orchard Road, the first Apple flagship in the city. Like Foster + Partners' other recent Apple Stores, particularly the ones in London and Dubai, the building's most prominent feature is its trees. There are eight mature trees at the entrance and a further 12 ficus trees inside. The building also integrates an array of sustainable technologies – meaning all of its energy comes from renewable sources. "This is one of our greenest Apple spaces yet," said architect Stefan Behling, who is head of studio at Foster + Partners. "It breaks down the boundaries between the inside and outside, with the greenery cascading through the store from the mezzanine to the ground floor and out onto Orchard Road, creating the most welcoming civic gesture." Related story Foster + Partners completes Dubai Apple Store with carbon-fibre "solar wings" In line with the now-familiar Apple Store aesthetic, the store features a minimal glass facade measuring 36.5 metres wide. This is sheltered beneath a slender cantilevered canopy, offering protection from Singapore's notorious tropical showers. The eight mature trees stand in front of this facade, framing a public square at the entrance. The aim was to create a green orchard that pays tribute to the fruit and nutmeg trees that once occupied the area. Inside, the two-storey space is framed by walls of Italian Castagna stone, which integrate the two hand-carved spiral staircases. The architects describe these as "warm and beautifully sculpted bookends" that offer "an homage to craftsmanship and materiality". The ficus trees are located on both levels, planted in the same donut-shaped pots seen in previous stores, but the majority can be found up on the mezzanine. Called the Genius Grove, rather than the Genius Bar, this space is the largest of its kind in any Apple Store worldwide. It is slightly set back from the facade behind a simple glass balustrade, creating a double-height atrium below. The store's other features include Apple's widest video screen in the world, housed in a space called The Forum. The aim is for this to become a meeting place for the city's creative community. Norman Foster's firm has established itself as the architect of choice for technology giant Apple. Although the company wasn't involved in Apple's original store designs, it came up with the range of new interior features that were first showcased at the Apple Union Square store in San Francisco. It is also behind the design of Apple Park, the brand's new ring-shaped headquarters in Cupertino, California. Both Apple and Norman Foster ranked highly on the inaugural Dezeen Hot List – a countdown of last year's most newsworthy names in architecture and design. Apple did best, coming in at 11, but Foster was just behind at 13. Related story Apple unveils tree-filled Regent Street store by Foster + Partners Photography is by Nigel Young/Foster + Partners. Read more Apple Apple Stores Architecture Foster + Partners retail shops Singapore staircases stone trees Share and comment Share: Leave a comment More Architecture Interiors Design Technology More Apple Stores Foster + Partners completes Dubai Apple Store with ... Slender roof covers Apple Store Stanford by Bohlin Cywinski ... Apple Store by Bohlin Cywinski Jackson opens in Calatrava's ... Apple unveils tree-filled Regent Street store by Foster + ... Apple Store Williamsburg by Bohlin Cywinski Jackson features ... Foster + Partners unveils Apple Union Square store in San ... First Apple Store under Jonathan Ive unveiled in Brussels Foster + Partners completes Apple store in Hangzhou, China Comments Visit our comments page | Read our comments policy Top architecture stories Images of New York skyscraper by David Adjaye leaked Reader comment: "They would certainly cut my food consumption" Zaha Hadid Architects' design kitchen island for Boffi Labour Party to put creative industries at heart of UK's Brexit negotiations EKAR Architects designs concrete-block Thailand house for siblings Subscribe Subscribe to our newsletters Competition: win a book detailing the history of BD Barcelona Movie: Athletes wear custom Nike trainers in attempt to break record £10 off monochrome watches Opinion: "How do you avoid a robot apocalypse?" Latest Dezeen Mail features Vipp's prefabricated cabin Dezeen Watch Store Dezeen Jobs Highlights Residential 10 idyllic Greek island retreats Residential 10 idyllic Greek island retreats Opinion Will Wiles on IKEA's blue bag Opinion Will Wiles on IKEA's blue bag News Adjaye museum under construction News Adjaye museum under construction News BIG and Heatherwick for Google News BIG and Heatherwick for Google Architecture Skinny supertall for New York Architecture Skinny supertall for New York News Zaha Hadid Google Doodle News Zaha Hadid Google Doodle Transport BMW favours style over tech Transport BMW favours style over tech Products World's first graphene paint Products World's first graphene paint Public and leisure Foster's Singapore Apple Store Public and leisure Foster's Singapore Apple Store Residential Mexican house surrounds cactus tree Residential Mexican house surrounds cactus tree Residential Retreat in Indian mountains Residential Retreat in Indian mountains Fashion Parsons graduate fashion Fashion Parsons graduate fashion Products Flat-pack food by MIT researchers Products Flat-pack food by MIT researchers Residential "Beyond hyper-realistic" visuals Residential "Beyond hyper-realistic" visuals Architecture Snøhetta's Harvard HouseZero Architecture Snøhetta's Harvard HouseZero Share: Subscribe Submit a story Advertise Contact Movies Comments Opinion Architecture Interiors Design Technology Magazine Jobs Watch Store Hot List Dezeen Book of InterviewsDezeen Watch StoreAre you looking for a job in architecture or design? Visit our recruitment site Dezeen Jobs
    Home Main News Headline Zimbabwe World Crime & Courts Business Money & Markets Arts & Entertainment Sport Breaking News Politics Banking & Finance Economic Analysis Opinion Columinsts Relationships Education Scie & Tech Health & Fitness Events News Ticker [ 4th June 2017 ] Man steals $44 000 cars, gets community service Crime & Courts [ 4th June 2017 ] ‘All I felt was rage’ – Trevor Noah recounts the day his stepfather shot his mom Arts & Entertainment [ 4th June 2017 ] ANZ completes takeover of Financial Gazette Business [ 4th June 2017 ] Inside Zuma’s Dubai palace … and Robert Mugabe lives next door Main News [ 4th June 2017 ] Mugabe to kick out all remaining white farmers, says Zimbabweans need land Farming & Enviroment Search for: HomeTechnologyApple loses patent case to VirnetX for FaceTime’s video technology Apple loses patent case to VirnetX for FaceTime’s video technology 1st October 2016 Staff Reporter Technology 75 Apple has been ordered to pay more than $302m (£233) for infringing patents belonging to VirnetX Holding Corp. The iPhone maker has been found guilty of using VirnetX’s internet security technology in features like FaceTime. The verdict is a let-down for Apple for a case that has been going on since 2010. At first the jury ruled that Apple owed more than $600m to VirnetX, but in August 2016 an appeals court threw the ruling out, saying jurors may have been confused. The latest verdict was handed out by the Eastern District of Texas court, which has gained a reputation for favouring plaintiffs that allege infringement in patent cases, reports say. Both Apple and VirnetX have not issued any statement post the order but Bloomberg reports that Apple is likely to face another round of court proceedings. The court will try to determine whether Apple wilfully infringed the patents and if found guilty, the company could face much higher damages. VirnetX has also filed another patent infringement case against Apple over other security features that include the iMessage application. VirnetX was founded by former employees of government contractor SAIC Inc, and most of its developed technology stems from work done for the CIA for developing secure communications. In fact, the company has been unsuccessful in marketing its own software and mostly relies on patent licensing for revenue. It has only about 20 employees, both part-time and full-time, and got its last payout from Microsoft Corp amounting to $23m. – IBTimes Share this: Related Posts Nokia sues Apple for infringing technology patents ‘Facebook ‘most secure’ for instant messaging services, says Amnesty Facebook gives peek inside unit studying brain-to-text technology Cyber Bill to be enacted before elections Apple criticizes British plans to extend online surveillance Sexually explicit Nust exam sparks public outcry Apple to delay live TV service to next year: Bloomberg Mobile, Internet payments breach $1 billion mark U.S. Supreme Court backs Samsung in smartphone fight with Apple U.S. tech companies unite behind Apple ahead of iPhone encryption ruling Share this on WhatsApp Arts & Entertainment Arts & Entertainment ‘All I felt was rage’ – Trevor Noah recounts the day his stepfather shot his mom 4th June 2017 Staff Reporter 0 SA-born comedian and TV host Trevor Noah has reflected on the rage he felt after discovering that his stepfather had shot his mother in the head. The incident which took place several years ago, has […] Arts & Entertainment Gonyeti is the next comedy juggernaut 4th June 2017 Staff Reporter 0 SHE came onto the scene three years ago and took social media by storm as one of Comic Pastor’s wives. From there, Gonyeti — real name Samantha Kureya — has steadily grown her brand under […] Arts & Entertainment I don’t do politics; partisan Mapfumo and all who sing politics are not artists – Tuku 4th June 2017 Staff Reporter 0 When music superstar Oliver Mtukudzi performed at the One Million Man March organised by Zanu PF last year, a section of music followers were rattled to witness what they viewed as a “sell-out” move by […] Arts & Entertainment Lady Squanda readies new album, storms Mutare 2nd June 2017 Staff Reporter 0 SELF-PROCLAIMED Zim-dancehall queen, Lady Squanda, who had gone on a sabbatical, is set to reclaim lost glory when she introduces her new projects to her fans at Legends Night Club tomorrow (Saturday). Squanda who recently […]   Previous article Next article 17 Comments on Apple loses patent case to VirnetX for FaceTime’s video technology ir-store.com 19th May 2017 at 16:55 It does not take ideal time to make a few blueprints with the long haul as well as it time for it to be at liberty.. persian tar I’ve discover this particular publish if I could truthfully We need to help you couple of exciting troubles or maybe tips. You may could publish future posts with this document. I wish to get more information aspects of it! Reply Vpsgol.Net 22nd May 2017 at 07:26 Great function! Which is the variety of details that are supposed to always be embraced throughout the world wide web سرور مجازی. Disgrace to the search for engines for no extended setting this distribute higher! Seriously more than and seek the advice of my site. Many thanks Equals) Reply pamelaei 22nd May 2017 at 11:52 Alles zu seiner Zeit. Skinny teenage brunette playing with her tight wet pussy Reply vpsgol.net 22nd May 2017 at 21:42 I favor the valuable information and facts you actually give your articles. We’ll take a note of your own web site and check all over again listed here frequently سرور مجازی امریکا. I will be fairly specified I am instructed a lot of completely new material the following! All the best ! for the following! Reply سرور مجازی امریکا 24th May 2017 at 07:35 Cheers intended for giving the following with all of folks you actually determine what you happen to be communicating close to! Saved as a favorite. Please in addition seek advice from my own internet site Is equal to).. سرور مجازی امریکا We’re going to possess a link exchange long term contract between you Reply ChrGrofids 24th May 2017 at 10:55 Buy Zyloprim [url=http://cial5mg.xyz/cheapest-cialis.php]Cheapest Cialis[/url] Levitra Erfahrungsaustausch Contatore Kamagra Holland [url=http://zoloft.ccrpdc.com/cheapest-zoloft-online.php]Cheapest Zoloft Online[/url] Proscar Y Propecia Cephalexin 500 Mgs Twice A Day [url=http://viag1.xyz/order-viagra.php]Order Viagra[/url] Buy Levitra On Line Priligy Costo In Farmacia [url=http://zol1.xyz/zoloft-100mg.php]Zoloft 100mg[/url] Cialis Pharmacie Lyon Difference Viagra Cialis [url=http://cial5mg.xyz/buy-cheap-cialis-site.php]Buy Cheap Cialis Site[/url] Levothyroxine Canada 24h Mejor Cialis O Levitra [url=http://zol1.xyz/zoloft-fast-delivery.php]Zoloft Fast Delivery[/url] Lasix Buy Keflex Affects Urination [url=http://cial1.xyz/viagra-cialis.php]Viagra Cialis[/url] Finasteride 1 Mg Levitra Preisvergleich Generika [url=http://cial1.xyz/buy-cialis-cheap.php]Buy Cialis Cheap[/url] Viagra Pour Les Filles How To Order Nympho Max Drugs [url=http://cial1.xyz/tadalafil-tablets.php]Tadalafil Tablets[/url] Comprare Cialis Generico In Farmacia Levitra Bayer Comprar [url=http://cial5mg.xyz/buying-cialis-online.php]Buying Cialis Online[/url] Priligy Dosierung Zentel 400mg Echinococcosis Real With Overnight Delivery [url=http://cytotec.ccrpdc.com/buy-cytotec-in-usa.php]Buy Cytotec In Usa[/url] Propecia Customer Reviews Thinning Hair Cialis Original 20 Mg [url=http://kama1.xyz/buy-kamagra-oral-jelly-online.php]Buy Kamagra Oral Jelly Online[/url] Kamagra Oral Jelly Vol.3 On Line Cheap Drugs [url=http://cial1.xyz/cheap-cialis-tablets.php]Cheap Cialis Tablets[/url] Free Shipping Progesterone Medication Doxycycline Discount Card [url=http://zol1.xyz/generic-zoloft-cheapest.php]Generic Zoloft Cheapest[/url] Purchasing Levaquin Overnight How Much Is Viagra Without Insurance [url=http://viag1.xyz/purchase-viagra.php]Purchase Viagra[/url] Rx Pills Com Dulcolax [url=http://zol1.xyz/brand-zoloft-online.php]Brand Zoloft Online[/url] Silagra Uk Tamoxifen To Buy [url=http://kama1.xyz/kamagra-forum.php]Kamagra Forum[/url] Ou Acheter Cialis En Confiance Cephalexin Side Effects [url=http://cialis.ccrpdc.com/buy-generic-cialis-online.php]Buy Generic Cialis Online[/url] Where To Buy Tab Finasteride Visa Tadalis Sx Ordonnance [url=http://cial1.xyz/cheap-cialis-tablets.php]Cheap Cialis Tablets[/url] Cephalexin Dosing Instructions Generic Viagra Testimonials [url=http://cial5mg.xyz/buying-cialis-online.php]Buying Cialis Online[/url] Discount Generic Hydrochlorothiazide 25mg Reply خرید vps 28th May 2017 at 10:19 Heya i am for the primary period here. I found this particular aboard so i realize its actually beneficial & that solved the problem away a good deal خرید vps. Lets hope to offer you a thing again and guide other people just like you made it simpler for my family. Reply JamInhed 28th May 2017 at 10:21 Propecia Op Recept [url=http://doxyc.xyz/vibramycin-online-online.php]Vibramycin Online Online[/url] Can I Purchase Progesterone Free Consultation Over The Counter Cialis Walgreens [url=http://antabusa.xyz/antabuse-online-stores.php]Antabuse Online Stores[/url] Lisinopril 5mg Cheapeast Zentel Medication Discount Overseas [url=http://las1.xyz/acheter-frusemide.php]Acheter Frusemide[/url] Buy Tamoxifen In Uk Profesional Viagra [url=http://prozac.ccrpdc.com/generic-prozac.php]Generic Prozac[/url] Accutane And Amoxicillin Wirkt Nicht Cialis Levitra [url=http://al7.xyz/xenical-prices.php]Xenical Prices[/url] Canadian Vigra Online Free Sample Viagra Canada [url=http://zithro.xyz/cheap-zithromax-500mg.php]Cheap Zithromax 500mg[/url] Zithromax Overnight Shipping Tadapox On Line [url=http://cytobuy.xyz/acheter-cytotec-pharmacie.php]Acheter Cytotec Pharmacie[/url] Propecia Jovenes Buy Prednisone For Dogs Online [url=http://buynolva.xyz/nolvadex-doses.php]Nolvadex Doses[/url] Dapoxetine En Ligne Viagra Generikum Potenzmittel [url=http://clom1.xyz/clomid-online-stores.php]Clomid Online Stores[/url] Miglior Sito Dove Comprare Viagra The Effects Of 500mg Amoxicillin [url=http://prope1.xyz/propecia-no-prescription.php]Propecia No Prescription[/url] Viagra Overnight Express Usa Cheap Viagra Next Day Delivery Uk 269 [url=http://nolva.xyz/purchase-nolvadex-online.php]Purchase Nolvadex Online[/url] Zithromax Asthma Com Loans Easy Secure Bad Credit OK for FastCash. Car Title Loans and installment loans made pursuant to a Department of Business Oversight California Finance Lenders Law License.While a personal finance loan can be taken for as little as the balance borrowed can be up to several thousand dollars. [url=http://fastmoneyfor.com]personal loans online[/url] Sec. Reply persian tar 28th May 2017 at 10:47 It is possible to surely call at your abilities in the pictures you’re writing. The whole world desires for all the more fervent freelance writers as if you who aren’t worried to note the way they think.. persian tar On a regular basis follow the coronary heart. Reply Persian Tar 29th May 2017 at 23:04 I actually do confidence the many suggestions you might have offered for your posting. They’re pretty persuading and will certainly operate. Continue to, your posts are extremely easy for novices. May just you please lengthen these individuals a bit via up coming time period? Appreciation for the actual publish.. persian tar Reply persian backgammon 29th May 2017 at 23:05 Remarkable problems right here. Now i’m able to visit your report persian backgammon. Thank you for writing about to effect you. Might you be sure to drop me a mailbox? Reply DavQueuern 1st June 2017 at 17:18 Priligy 90mg [url=http://deltas.xyz/low-cost-deltasone-online.php]Low Cost Deltasone Online[/url] Amoxicillin Normal Dose On Line Dutasteride Medicine [url=http://las1.xyz/cheap-generic-lasix.php]Cheap Generic Lasix[/url] Kamagra Viagra Escitalopram Canadian Pharmacy [url=http://levicost.com]osu levitra comprar[/url] Discount Generic Hydrochlorothiazide Propecia Zona Parietale [url=http://cytobuy.xyz/cytotec-online-store.php]Cytotec Online Store[/url] Amoxicillin Interaction Flomax Amoxicillin [url=http://cyto1.xyz/cytotec-online.php]Cytotec Online[/url] Celebrex Discount Card Cialis Sin Receta Medica [url=http://buyac.xyz/where-to-buy-accutane-online.php]Where To Buy Accutane Online[/url] Viagra Y Vino Levaquin [url=http://probuy1.xyz/brand-prozac-online.php]Brand Prozac Online[/url] Viagra Accion Terapeutica Sinus Infection Zithromax [url=http://buyzithro.xyz/buy-cheap-zithromax-site.php]Buy Cheap Zithromax Site[/url] Propecia Cost Australia Denis [url=http://bestindonline.xyz/inderal-pills.php]Inderal Pills[/url] How To Compound Amoxicillin Suspension Kamagra Best Place To Buy [url=http://doxyc.xyz/buying-vibramycin.php]Buying Vibramycin[/url] Where To Buy Misoprostol Online Canadian Pharmacy Propecia [url=http://buyal.xyz/alli-where-to-buy.php]Alli Where To Buy[/url] Prevacid Online Order Super Viagra To Buy Online [url=http://buyizot.xyz/where-can-i-buy-accutane.php]Where Can I Buy Accutane[/url] Cialis Generico 5 Mg Vet Keflex [url=http://prope1.xyz/propecia-1mg-cost.php]Propecia 1mg Cost[/url] Buy Generic Zithromax Onlinepharmacy. [url=http://zithro.xyz/buy-cheap-zithromax-site.php]Buy Cheap Zithromax Site[/url] Zithromax Online Uk Reputable Suppliers Of Generic Viagra [url=http://antab1.xyz/antabuse-disulfiram.php]Antabuse Disulfiram[/url] Where To Buy Prevacid Solutab Nizagara Online Canadian [url=http://buyal.xyz/xenical-generic.php]Xenical Generic[/url] Rhine Inc. New Healthy Man Viagra Review [url=http://clom1.xyz/generic-clomiphene.php]Generic Clomiphene[/url] Cialis Remboursement Keflex Prostate Infection Dog [url=http://prope1.xyz/where-to-buy-propecia.php]Where To Buy Propecia[/url] accutane online for sale Acheter Kamagra Gel Grenoble [url=http://leviusa.com]order levitra on line[/url] Baclofen En Canada Direct Progesterone Menopause Find Best Website Shop Online [url=http://viag1.xyz/viagra-samples.php]Viagra Samples[/url] Vrai Viagra En Ligne En Bordeaux Online Pharmacy With Prescription [url=http://cyto1.xyz/cytotec-misoprostol.php]Cytotec Misoprostol[/url] Where To Buy Amoxicillin 500mg 213 Zithromax Tendonitis [url=http://deltas.xyz/buy-deltasone-prednisone.php]Buy Deltasone Prednisone[/url] Buy Propecia Online From Canada Viagra Marken [url=http://buycheapdapoxonline.xyz/dapoxetine-buy.php]Dapoxetine Buy[/url] Kamagra In Belgio Photosensitivity For Amoxicillin [url=http://buycheapusa.xyz/purchase-priligy.php]Purchase Priligy[/url] Canadian Health Mall Meds For Sale Stendra On Line [url=http://leviusa.com]realcheaplevitra[/url] Forum Priligy 2 Cialis En Precio [url=http://strat1.xyz/strattera-online-prices.php]Strattera Online Prices[/url] Cialis Prix De Vente Cialis E Interazioni [url=http://buycheapdapoxonline.xyz/priligy-buy-online-usa.php]Priligy Buy Online Usa[/url] Where To Buy Tretinoin Uk Propecia Embarazo Este [url=http://buyzithro.xyz/order-zithromax-pills.php]Order Zithromax Pills[/url] Retin A From Canadian Pharmacy Levitra Fertilita [url=http://kama1.xyz/how-much-is-kamagra.php]How Much Is Kamagra[/url] Paypal Viagra Ciliaris Cialis 10mg Efficacite [url=http://buylevi.xyz/online-levitra.php]Online Levitra[/url] Propecia Dosis Efectos Adversos Cialis Ubersetzung [url=http://amoxi.xyz/amoxicillin-buy.php]Amoxicillin Buy[/url] Cialis Lilly 20mg 12 Cialis Soft Pas Cher [url=http://viacheap.com]viagra online prescription[/url] Order Otc Lexapro Best Online Canadian Pharcharmy [url=http://amox1.xyz/amoxil-tablet.php]Amoxil Tablet[/url] Buy Amoxicillin 500mg With Mastercard Cafergot Available In Canada [url=http://cyto1.xyz/cheap-cytotec-fast.php]Cheap Cytotec Fast[/url] Viagra Cialis Generika Forum Zithromax 600 Mg Dosage [url=http://levi1.xyz/buy-levitra-10mg.php]Buy Levitra 10mg[/url] Vendita Cialis Originale Cialis De 10 [url=http://amox1.xyz/buy-online-amoxil.php]Buy Online Amoxil[/url] Donde Comprar Cialis Soft Reply JamInhed 2nd June 2017 at 02:39 Cialis Without A Prescription 5 Mg [url=http://levitra-prix.levitab.com]Levitra Prix[/url] Clomid Over The Counter Cephalexin And Pain In Calf [url=http://probuy1.xyz/prozac-price.php]Prozac Price[/url] Order Birth Control Online Best Buy Cheapeast Bentyl Best Website By Money Order [url=http://probuy1.xyz/prozac-buy-online.php]Prozac Buy Online[/url] Where To Buy Prevacid Solutab Zithromax Dose For Children [url=http://nolva.xyz/buying-nolvadex.php]Buying Nolvadex[/url] Achat Ciprofloxacin En Ligne Belgique Order Propecia Online Cheap [url=http://lasix.ccrpdc.com/cheap-lasix-pills.php]Cheap Lasix Pills[/url] Consecuencias Propecia Levitra Vardenafil Online [url=http://purchase-propecia.propecorder.com]Purchase Propecia[/url] Kamagra Yan Etkileri Periactin Otc [url=http://furos.xyz/lasix-online-buy.php]Lasix Online Buy[/url] Kamagra Opinion Viagra Cialis Doctissimo [url=http://cytobuy.xyz/buy-cytotec-cheap.php]Buy Cytotec Cheap[/url] Cialis Come Assumerlo Cailis Canada [url=http://viag1.xyz/order-viagra-on-line.php]Order Viagra On Line[/url] Pfizer Free Samples Kamagra 100mg Grenoble [url=http://buykama.xyz/online-pharmacy-kamagra.php]Online Pharmacy Kamagra[/url] Zentel Tablet No Prescription Amex Store Kamagra Site Reviews [url=http://cial1.xyz/cialis-40mg.php]Cialis 40mg[/url] Fastest Viagra Delivery Reply سرور مجازی 2nd June 2017 at 09:30 thank you ir Reply click home page 2nd June 2017 at 13:16 thank you Reply minakari 2nd June 2017 at 14:14 Excellent web page. Lots of beneficial info below. Now i’m delivering the idea to some good friends ans as well spreading around scrumptious. And definitely, thanks a lot as part of your energy! Excellent web page. Lots of beneficial info below. Now i’m delivering the idea to some good friends ans as well spreading around scrumptious. And definitely, thanks a lot as part of your energy! Reply JamInhed 5th June 2017 at 02:09 Propecia Online India [url=http://viacheap.com]buy viagra online[/url] Cialis Journalier Prix Kidney Infection Can Amoxicillin Cause [url=http://viacheap.com]online pharmacy[/url] Buy Priligy Cheap Review Canadian Pharmacy Viagra [url=http://propecia.ccrpdc.com/generic-propecia-online.php]Generic Propecia Online[/url] Viagra Pagamento Paypal Purchase Medicine Online [url=http://levitra.ccrpdc.com/levitra-brand-online.php]Levitra Brand Online[/url] Vrai Viagra Pas Cher Propecia In Zurigo [url=http://levitra-buy-online.buylevi.com]Levitra Buy Online[/url] order accutane online australia Prolonged Amoxicillin Elimination [url=http://bpdrugs.com/cheap-cialis.php]Cheap Cialis[/url] Cialis Ou Acheter Forum Prednisone Sale [url=http://low-price-viagra.viapill.com]Low Price Viagra[/url] Priligy Ervaring Kamagra Liquide [url=http://cialcost.com/fast-delivery-cialis.php]Fast Delivery Cialis[/url] Levitra Ineffective Propecia Online Prices [url=http://cheapcial.com/order-cialis.php]Order Cialis[/url] Cheapest Price For Cialis Amoxicillin Information Sheet [url=http://levitra-free-trial.buylevi.com]Levitra Free Trial[/url] Real Progesterone Where To Buy Price On Line Viagra Pharmacy Prices [url=http://online-propecia.propecpills.com]Online Propecia[/url] Amoxicillin Pediatric Dose Aciphex [url=http://canadian-cheap-cialis.BuyCial.com]Canadian Cheap Cialis[/url] Viagra Au Herbes Lexapro Uk Online [url=http://priligy-in-usa.priliorder.com]Priligy In Usa[/url] Robaxin 500 Onlike No Prescription Keflex And The Liver [url=http://priligy-pill.priliorder.com]Priligy Pill[/url] Order Kamagra Jelly Online Clobetasol Website Delivered On Saturday [url=http://cialcost.com/can-i-buy-cialis-online.php]Can I Buy Cialis Online[/url] Overnight Shipping Pain Killers 3 Day Zithromax [url=http://cialusa.com]cialis[/url] Quality Online Generics Viagra Sante Canada [url=http://cheap-viagra-samples.viapill.com]Cheap Viagra Samples[/url] Shop Augmentin Effet Secondaire Du Cialis [url=http://mail-order-levitra.levitab.com]Mail Order Levitra[/url] Viagra Funziona Veramente Cheap Discount Warehouse Rogaine Propecia [url=http://generic-priligy.priliorder.com]Generic Priligy[/url] Can You Buy Lasix Over The Counter Mrsa Cephalexin [url=http://generic-cialis.cial5mg.com]Generic Cialis[/url] Propecia Online Non Prescription Prezzi Cialis Online [url=http://newisotretinoin.com/roaccutane.php]Roaccutane[/url] Cialis 100 Autorizza Il Kamagra Р вЂњРІвЂљВ¬ In Francia [url=http://newisotretinoin.com/buy-eratin.php]Buy Eratin[/url] Viagra Canada 50 Mg Pharmacy Is Cephalexin Used For Bladder Infections [url=http://propecia-online.propecpills.com]Propecia Online[/url] Propecia Comparativa Generic Viagra For Woman [url=http://levitra-plus.levitab.com]Levitra Plus[/url] Buy Viagra Online In Francia Zithromax Pfizer [url=http://buylevitraeufast.com/levitra-on-line.php]Levitra On Line[/url] Keflex Affect Kidneys Cialis And Viagra Sales [url=http://bpdrugs.com/order-cialis.php]Order Cialis[/url] What Is The Average Price For Viagra? Buy Zithromax Ireland [url=http://buy-priligy-viagra-online.prilipills.com]Buy Priligy Viagra Online[/url] Site Serieux Achat Cialis Prescription [url=http://levipill.com/generic-levitra.php]Generic Levitra[/url] Cafergot Discontinued Ou Trouver Cialis Sans Ordonnance [url=http://propecia-online.propecorder.com]Propecia Online[/url] Cialis Contre Levitra Generic Viagra Online Purchase [url=http://levipill.com/levitra-buy.php]Levitra Buy[/url] Sildenafil 20 Mg Propecia Hsa Propecia [url=http://viaprices.com]buy viagra online[/url] Levitra Anwendung Wirkung Buy Tadacip [url=http://bpdrugs.com/buy-cialis-cheap.php]Buy Cialis Cheap[/url] Cialis Levitra Viagra Espana Is Doxycycline The Same As Amoxicillin [url=http://bestlevi.com/best-levitra-generic.php]Best Levitra Generic[/url] Quanto Costa Il Cialis In Italia Prezzi Cialis Farmacia Italia [url=http://price-of-levitra.buylevi.com]Price Of Levitra[/url] Cephalexin Perkacet Interactions Side Effects Buying Tadalis Sx Online [url=http://buy-levitra-low-price.levitab.com]Buy Levitra Low Price[/url] Cheap Flovent #file_links[“C:\TEXT\text.txt”,1,S] [url=http://dprixe.com]{#file_links[“C:\TEXT\viagra_key.txt”,1,N]|#file_links[“C:\TEXT\cialis_key.txt”,1,N]Sildenafil Espana [url=http://price-of-viagra.viapill.com]Price Of Viagra[/url] Cialis Generique Andorre Notas De Propecia [url=http://viaprices.com]buy viagra[/url] Acheter Cialis Ligne France Comprare Levitra 10 Mg [url=http://viaprices.com]buy viagra online[/url] Discount Fedex Shipping Bentyl Website Internet Overseas Propecia Testosterone [url=http://viaprices.com]buy viagra[/url] Para Comprar Viagra Was Bedeutet Levitra [url=http://viaprices.com]viagra[/url] 5mg Cialis Price100 Mg Brand Viagra And Cialis Levitra Vs Viagra [url=http://cial40mg.com/female-cialis.php]Female Cialis[/url] Cialis E Viagra Reply 58 Trackbacks & Pingbacks Google Search 3000 App amazon product Seo Mechanical Keyboard Switches audio spionaj wireless microphones headset iran backgammon best smm panel Cheryl Barnes rabbit vibrator fantasy flex vibrator anal vibrator erotic talk www.phenterminedispensary.com 韓国エスコートアガシ turinabol games for pc pc apps for windows 8 福井脱毛 Inspection in China best work at home jobs Cheap 2017 World MLB Baseball Classic Jerseys سرور مجاری فرانسه pure kona videos motu and patlu games sex diary Water plumber cool egyptian pendant sex TensorFlow Buy Craft Beer Online Army regulation issue boots HPMC capsules drug treatment and alcoholism women how to buy kona tratamento de drogas Anti Aging skincare AvtoVAZ lefkoşa satılık daire fiyatları wall bed mechanism sport bra g spot vibe discount sex toys ean codes tama tube free web hosting womens sex toy free games download for windows 8 nipple stimulator rampant vibrator seo agency Venture Point Network rabbit vibrator vibrator for beginners Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name * Email * Website In the Spotlight Man steals $44 000 cars, gets community service by Staff Reporter in Crime & Courts 0 A 36-YEAR-OLD man from Harare who stole two vehicles worth $44 000 from a Gweru car rental company before selling them in Zvishavane has been sentenced to eight years imprisonment. Kelvin Padzarandora (36) of number [...] Follow on Facebook   In the Spotlight Russia, China pursuing space warfare by building anti-satellite weapons US intelligence boss says by Staff Reporter in Science 0 The US has indicated an increased threat of space warfare from Russia and China. The director of national intelligence, Dan Coats in a written testimony to a Senate hearing has said the two countries are [...] Event Updater Winky D live in London. Video by Reminiscs Msgs Madirirano SA Tour, Capetown. Video by Simbarashe Chakare Sulumani Chimbetu Live in Edmonton, Canada. Video by Africa RadioShow Jah Prayzah in London. Video by Belinda Magejo Fungisayi in London. Video by Ezra Tshisa Sibanda Zodwa Wabantu video by Ezra Tshisa Sibanda Zimbabwe Gospel Artist Tyra Chikocho popularly known as Madam Boss singing LIVE in Leicester, United Kingdom. - Video by Obert Mazivisa Editor’s Man steals $44 000 cars, gets community service ‘All I felt was rage’ – Trevor Noah recounts the day his stepfather shot his mom ANZ completes takeover of Financial Gazette Inside Zuma’s Dubai palace … and Robert Mugabe lives next door Mugabe to kick out all remaining white farmers, says Zimbabweans need land Zimbabwean sprinter draws rave views in the United States Gonyeti is the next comedy juggernaut MDCT’s SMART New Zimbabwe policy blueprint finalised and ready True or false? Eight myths and facts about allergies Zidane can stay at Real Madrid for life, says Perez vibrator for beginners: vibrator for beginners [...]here are some links to web pages that we link to since we feel they are… pop over here: I merely have to notify you that I am new to writing a blog and very much liked your webpage.… vibrator for beginners: vibrator for beginners [...]very couple of websites that occur to be detailed below, from our point of view are… News in Motion AFCON 2015: Cote d’Ivoire Out 25th January 2015 7 Spot the difference: Venezuela today looks like Zimbabwe 15 years ago 2nd April 2016 168 Jonathan Moyo speaks on Zanele’s death 22nd October 2015 1 Get help or die, George Michael told 17th June 2015 0 It’s too late to adopt rand: Biti 29th March 2017 266 ‘Tsvangirai leaves hospital, expected home soon’ 30th May 2016 1212 OPPOSITION MDC-T leader Morgan Tsvangirai has been discharged from a private South African hospital where he was admitted since last week and is expected home anytime soon, NewsDay has learnt. BY PHYLLIS MBANJE In a [...] Hunger stalks Buhera 17th April 2016 827 Jonathan Moyo according to Wikileaks-Part One 22nd October 2016 637 Shamu to topple Mutsvangwa 16th August 2016 500 Botswana Public Floggings Scaring Zimbabweans 27th March 2016 441 About Us Authors Staff Reporter published 14017 articles admin published 1 articles Contact us: editor@thezimbabwemail.com, opinion@thezimbabwemai Staff Reporter published 14017 articles admin published 1 articles Copyright © 2017 | The Zimbabwe Mail Online News
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Apple Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Apple Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Hotchkis & Wiley Capital Management LLC Cuts Stake in American Vanguard Corp. (AVD) Hotchkis & Wiley Capital Management LLC Has $50.98 Million Position in McDermott International (MDR) Insider Buying: RSP Permian Inc (RSPP) CEO Buys 15,000 Shares of Stock Blackrock Strategic Municipal Trust Fund (BSD) Declares $0.07 Monthly Dividend First Horizon National Corp (FHN) Position Lowered by Hotchkis & Wiley Capital Management LLC BlackRock MuniHoldings New Jersey Ins Fn (MUJ) to Issue $0.07 Monthly Dividend Strategic Global Advisors LLC Continues to Hold Stake in Korea Electric Power Co. (KEP) BlackRock Debt Strategies Fund, Inc. (DSU) Plans $0.07 Monthly Dividend WINTON GROUP Ltd Sells 155 Shares of TopBuild Corp (BLD) WINTON GROUP Ltd Has $478,000 Stake in Cable One Inc (CABO) WINTON GROUP Ltd Buys 14,771 Shares of Chemours Co (CC) Elk Creek Partners LLC Has $14.45 Million Position in Financial Engines Inc (FNGN) Universal Health Services, Inc. (UHS) Position Raised by WINTON GROUP Ltd WINTON GROUP Ltd Buys New Stake in Pitney Bowes Inc. (PBI) Tile Shop Holdings, Inc. (TTS) Major Shareholder Nabron International Inc. Sells 43,756 Shares Andrew Wilson Sells 8,000 Shares of Electronic Arts Inc. (EA) Stock Rick E. Winningham Sells 5,000 Shares of Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc – (JAZZ) Stock Tenneco Inc (TEN) Stock Rating Lowered by ValuEngine Teekay Offshore Partners L.P. (TOO) Downgraded to “Sell” at ValuEngine Casey's General Stores Inc (CASY) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Apple Inc. (AAPL) Insider Johny Srouji Sells 10,019 Shares May 30th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - Insider Trades Tweet Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) insider Johny Srouji sold 10,019 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, May 30th. The stock was sold at an average price of $153.96, for a total value of $1,542,525.24. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now owns 91,291 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $14,055,162.36. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available through the SEC website. Johny Srouji also recently made the following trade(s): On Monday, May 22nd, Johny Srouji sold 10,000 shares of Apple stock. The stock was sold at an average price of $153.20, for a total value of $1,532,000.00. Apple Inc. (AAPL) traded up 0.04% on Tuesday, hitting $153.67. The stock had a trading volume of 20,122,425 shares. The stock has a market cap of $801.21 billion, a P/E ratio of 18.03 and a beta of 1.26. The company’s 50-day moving average is $147.91 and its 200-day moving average is $130.91. Apple Inc. has a one year low of $91.50 and a one year high of $156.65. Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) last issued its earnings results on Tuesday, May 2nd. The iPhone maker reported $2.10 EPS for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $2.02 by $0.08. Apple had a return on equity of 34.94% and a net margin of 20.73%. The company had revenue of $52.90 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $52.61 billion. On average, analysts anticipate that Apple Inc. will post $8.95 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Thursday, May 18th. Shareholders of record on Monday, May 15th were paid a $0.63 dividend. This is an increase from Apple’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.57. This represents a $2.52 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 1.64%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Thursday, May 11th. Apple’s payout ratio is presently 27.31%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Apple Inc. (AAPL) Insider Johny Srouji Sells 10,019 Shares” was published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another domain, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright laws. The original version of this piece of content can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/30/apple-inc-aapl-insider-johny-srouji-sells-10019-shares.html. A number of institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of the stock. American Beacon Advisors Inc. bought a new position in shares of Apple during the first quarter worth approximately $117,000. Glacier Peak Capital LLC bought a new position in shares of Apple during the fourth quarter worth approximately $127,000. TrimTabs Asset Management LLC increased its position in shares of Apple by 88.3% in the first quarter. TrimTabs Asset Management LLC now owns 921 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock worth $132,000 after buying an additional 432 shares during the last quarter. Welch Investments LLC bought a new position in shares of Apple during the fourth quarter worth approximately $146,000. Finally, Odey Holdings AG increased its position in shares of Apple by 27.3% in the fourth quarter. Odey Holdings AG now owns 1,273 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock worth $147,000 after buying an additional 273 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors own 58.76% of the company’s stock. AAPL has been the subject of several recent analyst reports. Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. restated a “” rating on shares of Apple in a research note on Wednesday, February 22nd. UBS Group AG upped their price target on Apple from $165.00 to $200.00 in a research note on Sunday, April 2nd. Mizuho upped their price target on Apple from $130.00 to $135.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Wednesday, February 1st. Morgan Stanley upped their price target on Apple to $150.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Wednesday, February 1st. Finally, Maxim Group dropped their price target on Apple from $173.00 to $164.00 and set a “buy” rating for the company in a research note on Tuesday, January 31st. Eight investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, forty-one have given a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company. Apple currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $159.65. Apple Company Profile Apple Inc (Apple) designs, manufactures and markets mobile communication and media devices, personal computers, and portable digital music players, and a variety of related software, services, peripherals, networking solutions, and third-party digital content and applications. The Company’s products and services include iPhone, iPad, Mac, iPod, Apple TV, a portfolio of consumer and professional software applications, the iOS and OS X operating systems, iCloud, and a variety of accessory, service and support offerings. Receive News & Ratings for Apple Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Apple Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Cars TECH Android Apple Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable MORE Entertainment Science Health Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Cars Tech   Android Apple Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable More   Entertainment Science Health Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search Carpool Karaoke: The Series arrives for Apple Music users on August 8 Brittany A. Roston - May 30, 2017 1 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Apple has announced that its customers will soon have access to Carpool Karaoke: The Series, a show that revolves around celebrities getting in a car and having fun with others over topics that include music, comedy, and more. According to Apple, the series will be available to Apple Music subscribers starting on August 8, bringing them new episodes every Tuesday in more than one hundred countries around the globe. Carpool Karaoke: The Series is Apple’s own original content, one of many original shows made by companies that are increasingly augmenting traditional television programming with their own content targeted at millennial-and-younger audiences. This particular series is made for Apple Music in particular by CBS Television Studios, according to Apple, as well as Fulwell 73. The show has tapped Eric Pankowski as executive producer, and both Ben Winston and James Corden serve as the show’s creators and executive producers. The series has many well-known celebrities on board as guests, including Queen Latifah, Shakira, Sophie Turner, Trevor Noah, Alicia Keys, Jada Pinkett Smith, LeBron James, and more. The series is based on the hit segment played on The Late Late Show with James Corden, which Apple says will continue to feature the carpool segment. Not familiar with Apple Music? The company is offering new customers a free three month trial of the service, which if started today will still be active when the new Carpool series arrives in early August. Once the trial ends, subscribers will pay $9.99/month for an individual plan, $4.99/month for the student membership, or $14.99/month for the family plan (for up to six people). SOURCE: Apple Story Timeline Apple opens flagship Singapore store, its first retail outlet in Southeast Asia Swiss watchmaker H. Moser creates $27k Apple Watch lookalike Apple is to blame for your Nintendo Switch shortage Tags AppleEntertainmentMusicvideo Must Read Bits & Bytes Apple’s roadmap allegedly leaked: iPhone 8, Glasses, 2018 MacBook, more Coinbase tipped at $1b valuation as demand for cryptocurrency soars Why DigiByte’s price is soaring: $DGB, Minecraft, Memes, and Citibank Rooting Android phones is no longer cool, it’s a liability Trump pulls US from Paris Agreement: Elon Musk quits councils as tech firms react Latest Headlines Sony tees off first mobile game in Japan Jun 4, 2017 OnePlus 2 will no longer receive updates Jun 4, 2017 SpaceX lands 11th rocket following first launch of reused Dragon capsule Jun 4, 2017 Del.icio.us link-sharing site shuts down after Pinboard acquisition Jun 4, 2017 Essential hit with trademark dispute from Spigen Jun 4, 2017 Latest Reviews HTC U11 Review: You won’t buy this, but you should Jun 1, 2017 Elgato Eve Degree Review: A simple temperature & humidity HomeKit sensor May 31, 2017 Lenovo Thinkpad 13 Review (2017): Cheap and mostly cheerful May 30, 2017 Cinder Grill Review: Sous-vide’s even geekier rival May 29, 2017 Pirates of the Caribbean 5 Review: A bad end to an OK series May 29, 2017 Search © 2005-2017 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions Investing Ideas Picks and Pans Mutual Funds/ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Barron's Take Advisor Center Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Penta Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Next sign out Customer Center Newsletters & Alerts What are you searching for? Search Join NowAll Sections Sign InSearch Home Magazine Investing Ideas Advisor Center Market Data Penta Next VIEW ALL SEARCH RESULTS Have feedback on the new design? Reach out to online.editors@barrons.com This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies for distribution to your colleagues, clients or customers visit http://www.djreprints.com. http://www.barrons.com/articles/qualcomm-apple-is-aiming-to-make-its-own-baseband-says-raymond-james-1496184408 Tech Trader Daily Qualcomm: Apple Is Aiming to Make its Own Baseband, Says Raymond James Apple's hiring of an engineer from Qualcomm means the company is intent on adding the "baseband" modem capabilities to its mobile chips, the latest effort to bring inside its circuitry, says Raymond James's Tavis McCourt. By Tiernan Ray May 30, 2017 6:46 p.m. ET Text Size Regular Medium Large Among Apple (AAPL ) tidbits today was a report by Fortune’s Aaron Pressman saying that the company as hired away an engineer from Qualcomm (QCOM) who had been running the chip designer’s communications parts, meaning, its bread-and-butter baseband business, citing a LinkedIn posting. The baseband is the modem that manages the upload and download connections in a device. Some analysts already predicted Qualcomm might see its dominant share of baseband eroded by Intel (INTC), which last year started selling modems to Apple for the first time. Esin Terzioglu, the Qualcomm engineer, wrote that he feels “privileged for the opportunity to continue my career” at Apple, writes Pressman, citing the post. In response, Raymond James analyst Tavis McCourt this evening writes that it should now be clear, if it wasn’t before, that Apple will continue to “internalize” chip resources. It already has an “A” series microprocessor line that has powered most of its iOS-based device such as the iPhone. That includes graphics circuitry. And now, McCourt sees Apple continuing to add to its efforts with baseband circuitry. "The data point is the latest in a list of instances suggesting that Apple has plans to develop full SoCs in house for future mobile devices,” writes McCourt. "The current A series processors lack a baseband modem and Terzioglu’s move seems to suggest that Apple is acquiring the necessary expertise to develop such technology." Qualcomm, you’ll recall, was sued by Apple back in January for what it said was an abuse of Qualcomm’s dominant role in making baseband parts for mobile devices. Qualcomm responded by seeking a dismissal of a simultaneous complaint brought against it by the U.S. Federal Trade Commission, alleging that it was a victim of Apple’s behavior. It has also sued Apple’s contract manufacturers, such as Hon Hai Precision, and last week requested a preliminary injunction against them because of royalties Qualcomm says it’s owed that Apple has instructed those manufacturers to withhold. Qualcomm stock today declined 18 cents to close at $57.34. Text Size Regular Medium Large baseband chips iOS iPhone mobile semiconductor smartphone wireless Global PREVIOUS Nvidia's HGX Another Arrow in Their Cloud Quiver, Says RBC NEXT Cadence's 'C5' Is Latest Interesting Bit in A.I., Says Linley Group Most Popular The Surprising Threat to the American Economy 6 Dividend Stocks That Hedge Against Inflation The Winners: Alphabet, Apple, and Amazon.com AI Opens New Doors for Chip Makers, Investors Join NowSign In Customer Center Membership Tools Also From Barron's Customer CenterCustomer CenterContact UsLive Help MembershipSubscribe to Barron'sActivate Your Digital AccessCollege Program ToolsEmail NewslettersVideo CenterWatchlist Also From Barron'sAdvertisingConferencesReprints Follow Us Download Barron’s Apps Apple iOSAndroid Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Your Ad Choices Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. Distribution and use of this material are governed by our Subscriber Agreement and by copyright law. For non-personal use or to order multiple copies, please contact Dow Jones Reprints at 1-800-843-0008 or visit www.djreprints.com.
Click to Skip Ad Closing in... Tech Entertainment Business Deals Science Politics About Entertainment Image Source: The Late Late Show ‘Carpool Karaoke’ series no one asked for debuts on Apple Music August 8th Jacob Siegal @JacobSiegal May 30th, 2017 at 5:17 PM Share Tweet Carpool Karaoke, Apple’s first original series, now has a release date. Apple’s Senior VP of Internet Software and Services Eddy Cue tweeted out on Tuesday afternoon that the show will make its Apple Music debut on Tuesday, August 8th. Subsequent episodes will premiere every Tuesday, exclusively available to active Apple Music subscribers. Don't Miss: Side-by-side image claims the iPhone 8 will be bigger than the iPhone 7 Spun off from the popular segment on James Corden’s The Late Late Show, Apple Music’s Carpool Karaoke will feature a revolving door of guest hosts, including the likes of Will Smith, Metallica, Alicia Keys, John Legend, Ariana Grande, Seth MacFarlane, Chelsea Handler, John Cena and Shaquille O’Neal. Carpool Karaoke: The Series was originally scheduled to begin airing in April, but was pushed back without explanation. There was some speculation that Apple was adjusting the launch to coincide with WWDC 2017, which kicks of on June 5th, but that clearly didn’t end up being the case. Still, we wouldn’t be surprised if Apple had a teaser lined up for the keynote in San Jose next month. Tags: Apple, Apple Music, Carpool Karaoke View Comments Trending 1 Tech People are going to pay $880 for this ‘Pirates of the Caribbean’ Galaxy S8, sadly 2 Tech Rumor claims Apple’s MacBook Air line is dead 3 Tech Foxconn insider drops avalanche of information about the iPhone 8, new MacBooks, Apple’s smart glasses and more 4 Tech New leak sheds light on Apple’s secretive ‘smart glasses’ project 5 Entertainment NBA Finals 2017 live stream: How to watch Warriors vs. Cavaliers Game 2 online Picked For You Advertise About Contact Copyright 2017 BGR Media, LLC Powered by WordPress.com VIP | Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Rights | Terms Of Use ad
null
Technology & Business Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Business Insider Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR ShopStyle Who What Wear Byrdie MyDomaine Kin Community | Log in / Sign up Reviews Reviews Camera Reviews Sony A9: Australian Review GoPro Karma Drone: Australian Hands On GoPro Hero5: The Gizmodo Review Canon PowerShot G7 X Mark II: Australian Review Car Reviews The Porsche Macan GTS Is The Ultimate City Survival Vehicle The 2017 Honda Civic Si Is The Kind Of Fun That Won't Ruin Your Life 2017 Ford Focus ST: The Jalopnik Review This Motorcycle Sold Me On Electric Dirt Bikes Phone Reviews HTC U11: Australian Review Huawei P10: Australian Review Samsung DeX: The Gizmodo Review BlackBerry KeyOne: The Gizmodo Review PC Reviews Acer Predator 21X: The Gizmodo Review Microsoft Surface Studio: Australian Review Synology RT2600ac: Australian Review Oree's Essential Keyboard Is A Beautiful, Expensive Wooden Treasure Smartwatch Reviews Fitbit Alta HR: Australian Review Fitbit Alta HR: The Gizmodo Review Huawei Fit: The Gizmodo Review Apple Watch Nike+: Australian Review Gadgets Reviews B&O BeoPlay P2: Australian Review Sphero Ultimate Lightning McQueen: The Gizmodo Review Hulu Live TV Is The Best Streaming TV Service Yet, But It Needs Some Work UrbanEars Should Stick To Headphones, Because Its Wi-Fi Speakers Are Garbage Gaming Reviews Allcade 64-Bit Retro Console: The Gizmodo Review The Nintendo Switch: Australian Impressions Noblechairs' Gaming Chair Is For Firm Butts And Deep Pockets The Astro A50s Are Good Headphones With A Great Wireless Station Entertainment Reviews The Wonder Woman Movie Is Even Better Than You Hoped It Would Be The American Gods TV Series Fixes One Of The Book's Biggest Problems John Wick: Chapter 2: The Gizmodo Review A Kid In King Arthur's Court Is The Dumbest Arthurian Legend Ever Told Sony A9: Australian Review B&O BeoPlay P2: Australian Review Acer Predator 21X: The Gizmodo Review The Porsche Macan GTS Is The Ultimate City Survival Vehicle Smart Home & Gadgets Deals: Drop Some Sick Beats In The Shower With This Waterproof Speaker Even If The Siri Speaker Sucks You'll Want It Make Your Own Bootleg HoloLens With The Cardboard Holokit The Most Amazing Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Set, And More Wonderful Toys Of The Week Mobile Optus Is Crediting Customers Shortchanged On Data Deals Deals: $230 Off An iPhone SE With Telstra Sony Xperia XA1 Ultra: Australian Price And Availability Ten iMessage Apps Actually Worth Installing Car Tech Why You Should Give Your Car A Shitty Paint Job This Is The Coolest Road You've Never Heard Of 'The Great Eight Phantoms' Is A London Exhibition Of Rolls-Royce Magnificence There's A DeLorean Up For Auction In Tasmania Online 17 More Torrent And Streaming Sites Foxtel Wants ISPs To Block Theresa May Calls For International Regulation Of Cyberspace In Wake Of Attacks Amazon Now Has Every Issue Of Omni, The Sci-Fi 'Magazine Of The Future' Everest Now Has Wi-Fi, So You Can Truly Netflix And Chill Science & Health NASA's Plan To Fill The Sky With Red And Green Clouds Has Been Postponed Al Gore's Sequel To An Inconvenient Truth Gets Recut For One Very Obvious Reason Construction Begins On ESO's Extremely Large Telescope, Will Not Have Death Lasers Despite Appearances Scientists Reignite 30-Year-Old Debate About Glass With New Calculation Cameras Lunch Time Deals: Save $350 On FujiFilm X Series Cameras And XF Lenses Sticking A Camera Under A Faucet Feels Like Hurtling Down A Hypnotic Water Tunnel Unf, These New Images Of Our Seafloor Are Gorgeous This Photographer Shoots 370km/h Formula One Cars On A Camera From 1913 Computing Corsair Wants To Light Up Your Life Deals: Learn To Program For Over 90% Off Eyes On With Asus's Insane New Ultra-Wide Gaming Monitor Monitors With Everything Are Coming Gaming Can't Be Sure, But I Think EB Games Is Having A Sale The Super Nintendo's Most Valuable Games Xbox Game Pass Is An Incredible Idea That Falls Flat (For Now) Microsoft Store Deal: 500GB Xbox One S Bundle For $299 With 2 Free Games Entertainment The Ultimate Wonder Woman Analysis Uh, 'Sharknado 5: Global Swarming' Sounds Bonkers How 'Guardians Of The Galaxy' Proved Marvel Could Do Anything Reach Out To The Truth In The Spoiler-Packed Doctor Who Discussion Thread Toggle navigation Reviews Camera Reviews Car Reviews Phone Reviews PC Reviews Smartwatch Reviews Gadgets Reviews Gaming Reviews Entertainment Reviews Smart Home & Gadgets Mobile Car Tech Online Science & Health Cameras Computing Gaming Entertainment 17 More Torrent And Streaming Sites Foxtel Wants ISPs To Block Deals: Drop Some Sick Beats In The Shower With This Waterproof Speaker What Australian Scientists Say About Trump's Paris Climate Deal Decision Watch These NSFW Deadpool Bloopers While We Wait For The Sequel North Korea's Latest Tablet Computer Has A Catchy Name: iPad Adam Clark Estes May 31, 2017, 8:30am ⋅ Filed to:  apple great artists steal iPad north korea Share Ryonghung, a North Korean technology company, recently announced a new tablet. It looks a lot like the weird, firewalled computers the country has produced in the past, with the addition of one curious new feature: The name. It's called... the iPad. Image: Ryonghung / NK News The new Ryonghung iPad comes with a "a quadcore 1.2 GHZ CPU, 1GB of RAM, an 8GB hard disk, an HDMI cable connection and comes with a keyboard and 'network connection' capabilities," NK News reports. Those aren't amazing specs, and they're nowhere close to the latest iPad that Apple sells. But the new Ryonghung iPad does sound nearly identical to the neutered Android tablet spotted in North Korean electronics stores back in 2013. Except for the blatant violation of Apple's trademark. Frankly, you have to give the North Koreans credit for having the gall to rip off the world's richest company, seemingly while giving zero damns. But North Korea has actually made a habit out of stealing Apple's ideas, although this appears to be the first time one of the country's tech companies has straight up lifted a trademarked name. A couple of years ago, a desktop computer that looked virtually identical to an Apple iMac showed up at a trade fair in Pyongyong. Image: KCTV Around the same time, North Korea also created a carbon copy of Apple's OS X. The so-called "Red Star 3.0" operating system could even run a version of Windows, complete with pre-installed military-themed wallpapers. (You can technically download this software, but you probably shouldn't.) Kim Jong Un has also been photographed with what appears to be a real Apple iMac on his desk. It's unclear what kind of software the new Ryonghung iPad runs, but it runs something. "Ryonghung iPad is now popular among customers," reads an advertisement for the new tablet. "It can perform a range of functions such as reading different sources of digital information, office work and documentation. And it also has more than 40 apps." The marketing materials suggest that separate apps come on SD cards, including a farming program and something called "Good Doctor 3.0". So is Apple going to send its army of lawyers to Pyongyang to defend its trademark? Who knows. We've reached out to Apple and asked as much, but hadn't heard back at time of writing. [NK News] WATCH MORE: Tech News Comments Almost Guest May 31, 2017, 8:51am I doubt that Apple has trademarked "iPad" in North Korea and I doubt that North Korea is part of a trade pact with the US that protects each others IP. So saying they are blatantly violating Apple's trademark would be a misnomer unless, of course, North Korea starts directly selling their iPad in countries where Apple does hold the trademark. Reply 3 Join the discussion! Log In Sign Up Guest Access Join the discussion! Cancel Reply Log In / Sign Up Name Email You are starting a new discussion. You are replying to a comment. Cancel Edit × Comment Voting Up Votes Down Votes × Only logged in users may vote for comments! Please log in or register to gain access to this feature. No Thanks Log In Sign Up × Get Permalink Close Trending Stories Right Now What Australian Scientists Say About Trump's Paris Climate Deal Decision Rae Johnston 04 Jun 2017 6:30 AM Before the news of Donald Trump's decision to exit the Paris Climate agreement broke, we heard the opinions of several leading experts in climate science about what exactly it would mean if the US pulled out of the global deal. Here's what they had to say. NYPD Fails To Convince Court Its Deafening Sound Cannon Is Just A 'Communication Tool' Sidney Fussell 03 Jun 2017 1:00 PM On Wednesday, a US federal judge ruled that the sound emitted from the NYPD's Long Range Acoustic Devices -- portable sound cannons that blast noise -- could be considered a use of force, contrary to the police department's claims. The LRAD can blast sound as loudly as 136 decibels. That's louder than a jackhammer or a jet engine and above the 120 db threshold for immediate human hearing loss. Want Gizmodo's email newsletter? Subscribe Alert me about competitions & deals Have a tip? Contact our editors! Latest Deals Deals: Drop Some Sick Beats In The Shower With This Waterproof Speaker Deals: $230 Off An iPhone SE With Telstra Deals: Here, Have A VPN For 90% Off Deals: Learn To Program For Over 90% Off Trending Articles 1 What Australian Scientists Say About Trump's Paris Climate Deal Decision 2 NYPD Fails To Convince Court Its Deafening Sound Cannon Is Just A 'Communication Tool' 3 17 More Torrent And Streaming Sites Foxtel Wants ISPs To Block Optus Is Crediting Customers Shortchanged On Data Deals 17 More Torrent And Streaming Sites Foxtel Wants ISPs To Block The Ultimate Wonder Woman Analysis Deals: Drop Some Sick Beats In The Shower With This Waterproof Speaker Sunday Comics: Completely Avoidable Target Is Selling Horizon: Zero Dawn And Ghost Recon Wildlands For $39 Reminder: The Live-Action Movie Isn't The Only Awesome Wonder Woman Film How To Take Down A Thunderjaw In Horizon: Zero Dawn Ask LH: Are Drones Being Banned In Australia? Seven Phone Recycling Tips For World Environment Day How Amazon Australia Will Affect Existing Supply Chains Here Are 17 More 'Pirate' Sites Foxtel Is Banning In Australia Biotech Prima Biomed shares are going nuts 27 stunning images that were taken by Google Street View Australia's jobs market is strengthening but it's what happens next that matters most One of the Islamic extremists involved in London's terror attack reportedly tried to radicalise children © 2007-2017 Allure Media About Advertise Contact Terms of Use Gizmodo International × Log in to Gizmodo Username or Email Password Remember me Login Don't have an account? Create one here Forgot your password? Click here to reset × Sign up to Gizmodo User Details @ This is your permanent identity for Gizmodo, Kotaku and Lifehacker Australia. Your email must be valid for account activation Minimum of 8 standard keyboard characters Subscriptions Email newsletters will contain a brief summary of our top stories, plus details of competitions and reader events. Gizmodo Newsletter Kotaku Newsletter Lifehacker Newsletter Yes, I wish to receive exclusive discounts, special offers and competitions from our partners. Send Activation Email Already have an account? Log in × Reset Password Email Reset Password Back to login × Gizmodo International Gizmodo US Gizmodo UK Gizmodo Spain Gizmodo Brazil Gizmodo Japan Close
Membership Options Reports Services Newsletters Events Download: PSFK NYC Retail Guide SIGN INSIGN UP menu Explore by Retail Retail> Reports Statistics By Industry Vertical Automotive Automotive> By Activity By Activity> Customer Retention Shopper Experience Loyalty Omnichannel By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Banking & Finance Banking & Finance> By Activity By Activity> Customer Retention Shopper Experience Loyalty Omnichannel By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Beauty Beauty> By Activity By Activity> Customer Retention Shopper Experience Loyalty Omnichannel By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Consumer Goods Consumer Goods> By Activity By Activity> Customer Retention Shopper Experience Loyalty Omnichannel By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Entertainment Entertainment> By Activity By Activity> Customer Retention Shopper Experience Loyalty Omnichannel By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Fashion Fashion> By Activity By Activity> Customer Retention Shopper Experience Loyalty Omnichannel By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Food Food> By Activity By Activity> Customer Retention Shopper Experience Loyalty Omnichannel By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Home Home> By Activity By Activity> Customer Retention Shopper Experience Loyalty Omnichannel By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Travel Travel> By Activity By Activity> Customer Retention Shopper Experience Loyalty Omnichannel By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Wellness Wellness> By Activity By Activity> Customer Retention Shopper Experience Loyalty Omnichannel By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All All Advertising Advertising> Reports Statistics By Industry Vertical Automotive Automotive> By Activity By Activity> Brand Development Experiential Marketing Product Launch Engagement By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Banking & Finance Banking & Finance> By Activity By Activity> Brand Development Experiential Marketing Product Launch Engagement By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Beauty Beauty> By Activity By Activity> Brand Development Experiential Marketing Product Launch Engagement By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Consumer Goods Consumer Goods> By Activity By Activity> Brand Development Experiential Marketing Product Launch Engagement By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Entertainment Entertainment> By Activity By Activity> Brand Development Experiential Marketing Product Launch Engagement By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Fashion Fashion> By Activity By Activity> Brand Development Experiential Marketing Product Launch Engagement By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Food Food> By Activity By Activity> Brand Development Experiential Marketing Product Launch Engagement By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Home Home> By Activity By Activity> Brand Development Experiential Marketing Product Launch Engagement By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Travel Travel> By Activity By Activity> Brand Development Experiential Marketing Product Launch Engagement By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Wellness Wellness> By Activity By Activity> Brand Development Experiential Marketing Product Launch Engagement By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All All Design Design> Reports Statistics By Industry Vertical Automotive Automotive> By Activity By Activity> Consumer Goods Sustainability Cities Art & Culture By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Banking & Finance Banking & Finance> By Activity By Activity> Consumer Goods Sustainability Cities Art & Culture By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Beauty Beauty> By Activity By Activity> Consumer Goods Sustainability Cities Art & Culture By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Consumer Goods Consumer Goods> By Activity By Activity> Consumer Goods Sustainability Cities Art & Culture By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Entertainment Entertainment> By Activity By Activity> Consumer Goods Sustainability Cities Art & Culture By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Fashion Fashion> By Activity By Activity> Consumer Goods Sustainability Cities Art & Culture By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Food Food> By Activity By Activity> Consumer Goods Sustainability Cities Art & Culture By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Home Home> By Activity By Activity> Consumer Goods Sustainability Cities Art & Culture By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Travel Travel> By Activity By Activity> Consumer Goods Sustainability Cities Art & Culture By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Wellness Wellness> By Activity By Activity> Consumer Goods Sustainability Cities Art & Culture By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All All consulting Events Membership Reports Get our Newsletter About Google Versus Apple: A Clash To Excel In Augmented And Virtual Reality Augmented & Virtual Reality Doc Portrait PDF Landscape PDF Doc EMail Share Facebook Twitter Available to Premium & Purple Members Abhinav Girdhar, CEO of Appy Pie, looks at how the tech giants are developing technology to compete for market dominance in AR and VR products PSFK Op-Eds 30 may 2017 Augmented reality and virtual reality have taken the world by storm. One recent report predicts that AR and VR headset sales will ring up around $36 billion in annual revenue by 2027, nearly 10 times the expected annual revenue rate for AR and VR devices for 2017. It’s been a long time coming, though. While AR and VR were introduced in the 90s by video game manufacturers like Nintendo and Sega, the technology and adoption of the technology didn’t really start to take off until 2012 and 2014, when Oculus VR came out with the Oculus Rift and Facebook bought the company, respectively. With the increasing innovation and Facebook’s stamp of approval, a.k.a. its acquisition of Oculus VR, a slew of hi-tech companies showed interest and presented some cool demos, providing users with a thrilling experience that blends the real with the virtual. This included startups like Magic Leap, to tech giants like Google, Apple and Microsoft. At this point, it’s safe to say there is no question: AR and VR are the wave of the future. What is in question, however, is which company will end up winning the AR and VR war, which seemed to be on everyone’s minds after Google CEO Sundar Pichai introduced Google Lens at its Developers Conference last week. With the help of its Google Assistant, it can now make use of the smartphone camera to display relevant content by analyzing one’s surroundings. This is compared with Apple, which is also not so far. Apple CEO Tim Cook is excited and serious about augmented and virtual reality, and has considered it as a game-changer that is going to become a part of daily life. As rumormongering continues, it is quite clear that both Apple and Google are working to bring the most out of this innovative technology, which will surely cause a huge clash in the future. To help understand who will be the future leader of AR and VR, I’ve shared some thoughts below. Virtual Assistant Though Apple’s virtual assistant Siri is a crowd pleaser, Google’s voice search tool is more accurate and provides better response than Siri.  While Apple is working on making Siri more accurate and smarter, it is still way behind in the race compared to Google. So, with the next-gen Google Assistant, which identifies real-world objects with Google Lens, it is clear that Google has an upper hand over Apple for now. Second Quarter: Uniquely Designed AR Smartphones   The future of Apple depends on AR and VR technology; therefore they are putting in extra time and effort to create unique AR-optimized smartphones and wearables that enable persistent and smooth augmentation of the real world. Though others, including Google, Microsoft and Facebook, are giving Apple a run for its money in the AR world, when it comes to developing impressive smartphones and wearables, Apple is the leader. Virtual Reality Google is all set to dominate the AR and VR world with VR headsets, VR-ready phones and two AR phones, while it is rumored that Apple is ready to launch virtual reality in its upcoming iPhones. Whatever the final outcome, it’s certain that users will get to experience amazing AR- and VR-enabled smartphones and wearables in the future. As of today, Google beats Apple in virtual reality, but with AR iPhones in the future, a tough competition is sure to emerge in the AR and VR world. Augmented Reality Tim Cook considers augmented reality as big an idea as smartphones and according to him, Apple is set to launch AR featured smartphones in the market very soon. After the iPhones, AR glasses are further down the road, which will be backed with the ability to capture objects and provide contextual information based on the real world. As of now, Apple is still working on its AR and VR products, while Google is far ahead and planning to go big with its Google Assistant, Google Lens and Google Home. A multitude of AR and VR gadgets have been introduced in the market. Some of them were big hits, while others weren’t able to keep up with the pace of this evolving technology in order meet users’ expectations. Although the above points put Google at the forefront of AR and VR technology, one never knows what Apple has in store. With multiple future plans, it looks like Apple and Google will surely dominate the market—but to what extent, no one knows. Abhinav “Abs” Girdhar is CEO of Appy Pie. A Cloud-based Mobile Application Development Software, Appy Pie allows anyone with no technical knowledge to create free mobile apps. Lead image: Young man and woman sitting at a table and using virtual reality goggles via Shutterstock +abhinav girdhar Create Alert Create Alert Create Favorites Folder +Apple Create Alert Create Alert Create Favorites Folder +augmented reality Create Alert Create Alert Create Favorites Folder +Facebook Create Alert Create Alert Create Favorites Folder +Google Create Alert Create Alert Create Favorites Folder +google assistant Create Alert Create Alert Create Favorites Folder +google lens Create Alert Create Alert Create Favorites Folder +iphone Create Alert Create Alert Create Favorites Folder +Oculus VR Create Alert Create Alert Create Favorites Folder +op-ed Create Alert Create Alert Create Favorites Folder +Siri Create Alert Create Alert Create Favorites Folder +Tim Cook Create Alert Create Alert Create Favorites Folder +Virtual Reality Create Alert Create Alert Create Favorites Folder Doc Portrait PDF Landscape PDF Doc EMail Share Facebook Twitter Available to Premium & Purple Members Trending Moisture-Responsive Gym Gear Cools You Down As You Sweat Ido Lechner, Home Editor Posted May 30, 2017 Design & Architecture Cities june 2, 2017 Copenhagen Cycle Jams Tackled With Electronic Information Panels Advertising june 2, 2017 Analyze Your Dating Life By Turning It Into Data Trending Get PSFK's Related Report: CES 2016 Guide Augmented & Virtual Reality june 2, 2017 VR Could Help People Quit Smoking Fitness & Sport june 2, 2017 This Water Bottle Aims To Be A Complete Wellness System Analysis & Newsletters Get Our Newsletter: Non-members can sign up for a free dose of daily and weekly insights. Related Expert Jason Fields Immersive Media Retail june 1, 2017 Topshop's Oxford Street Store Features A VR Slide Design & Architecture june 2, 2017 NYCxDesign: Designer Uses Rain To Create One-Of-A-Kind Textiles Technology june 2, 2017 JetBlue's Facial Recognition Provides Paperless Boarding Guides DOWNLOAD: PSFK NYC Retail Guide - Exploring Innovation Within A Global Retail Hub PSFK Op-Ed may 23, 2017 Anthropologist & Design Researcher: The Societal Effect Of Aging In Japan And China PSFK Labs may 26, 2017 Download PSFK's New York City Retail Guide AI june 2, 2017 Artificial Intelligence Will Soon Be Solving Crimes In The EU Food june 2, 2017 Pepsi Places Snapchat Barcodes On Millions Of Bottles PSFK Labs Reports Learn How: Download latest trends reports and business playbooks PSFK Membership Change now: Hire trend researchers, product conceptors and innovation experts Health june 2, 2017 VR Could Help People Quit Smoking Fashion june 2, 2017 Sustainable Sneaker Made From Algae Videos Framing The Future…Live: Membership includes full access to our video archive of thought-leaders. Arts & Culture june 2, 2017 Amazon Gives Emerging Playwrights $5 Million To Write Stories For Audible Debriefs DOWNLOAD: The Food Debrief - Cognitive retail for anytime, anywhere convenience Home june 2, 2017 Aluminum Solar Blinds Power Eco-Friendly Apartments Design & Architecture june 2, 2017 Fully Modular Sunglasses Change To Match Your Outfits Events & Webinars Join Fellow Change-Makers: Meet other like-minded members at our inspiration sessions every month. Design june 2, 2017 Concept Shows Off The Zero-Waste Kitchen Of The Future Baby Boomers june 1, 2017 London's 'Downsizer' Homes Cater Exclusively To The Over-55 Crowd Advertising june 1, 2017 Chill Out With Your Feline Friend And Enjoy A Cat Wine No search results found. daily weekly subscribe Saved Search {{watchlistItem.title}} daily weekly subscribe 10 20 posts pdf download Saved Keywords Email Alerts Favorites 10 20 posts pdf download Shared 10 20 posts pdf download VR Could Help People Quit Smoking Advertising Statistics [News] A Senator Just Introduced The First-Ever National Gig Economy Bill [News] Whole Foods to open free-standing restaurant in Midtown on June 1 [News] T-Mobile launching its flexible ‘Digits’ plan on May 31st [Stat] The gig economy workforce will double in four years [News] Study finds mushrooms are the safest recreational drug [News] Gillette Rival Schick to Launch Online Shave Club [News] Kik’s new cryptocurrency will let minors make in-bot purchases [News] German heavy metal fest builds beer pipeline to keep revellers pumped [News] Burger King and Taco Bell (YUM) are adding beer to fast food menus [News] James Corden is getting his own Snapchat show, the first from CBS [News] Google now knows when its users go to the store and buy stuff [Insight] Amazon’s Latest Market Disruption: 1.7 Million Free Bananas [News] Hound Labs raises $8.1 million to combat stoned drivers with cannabis breathalyzers [Inspiration] Sweden is adopting new tack to bring in tourists [News] Peach Becomes Japan’s First Airline to Accept Payment in Bitcoin [News] Chinese Online Retailer JD.com Is Developing Heavy-Duty Delivery Drones [Infographic] 50% of Gen Z ‘Can’t Live Without YouTube’ [Stat] New Report Shows What Diners Want from Technology in 2017 [News] Parsons Designs Clothes for People of All Abilities [News] Scientists 3-D Print Mouse Ovaries That Actually Make Babies [News] San Francisco is considering legislation that would ban sidewalk delivery robots [Insight] Web-Retail Startups Turn for Growth to Bricks and Mortar [Quote] Farfetch North America president Jeff Fowler: ‘The store of the future will never be finished’ [News] Social Native raises $8 million for user-created advertisements [News] These Mushrooms Can Turn Plastic Waste into Food [Insight] Inside India’s Plans To Leapfrog The Western Model Of Car Ownership [Insight] Retail Automation: Nearly Half of all Retail Jobs Could Be Lost [News] Tesco Introduces Shopping-Filter App For Customers With Diets And Intolerances [News] PepsiCo has experimented with mealworm powder for its snacks and drinks [News] McDonald’s expands delivery to more than 1,000 locations Sign Up Newsletter Membership Visit Us PSFK LLC 42 Bond Street, 6th Floor New York, NY 10012 +1 646.520.4672 Contact Us Custom Research Editorial Submissions Careers More About Staff Wallkit Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions + get the new report Transformation Strategies For Customer-First Business
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Apple Hospitality REIT Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Apple Hospitality REIT Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Bayerische Motoren Werke AG (BMW) Given a €81.00 Price Target at Morgan Stanley Barclays PLC Reaffirms “Overweight” Rating for Micro Focus International plc (MCRO) Baader Bank Analysts Give Deutsche EuroShop AG (DEQ) a €43.00 Price Target Davide Campari Milano SpA (DVDCY) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research OMNI-LITE INDS CAN (OLNCF) Stock Rating Lowered by ValuEngine Tourmaline Oil Corp (TOU) Earns “Outperform” Rating from BMO Capital Markets Zacks Investment Research Lowers Glencore International PLC, St. Helier (GLNCY) to Hold Q2 2017 Earnings Forecast for Life Storage Inc (LSI) Issued By SunTrust Banks Bank Of The Ozarks Inc (OZRK) to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of $0.72 Per Share, FIG Partners Forecasts Bertrandt AG (BDT) Given a €81.00 Price Target by Warburg Research Analysts JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Societe Generale SA (GLE) Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Give Covestro AG (1COV) a €58.00 Price Target Aareal Bank AG (ARL) Given a €42.00 Price Target at Commerzbank Ag JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates €3.20 Price Target for Intesa Sanpaolo SpA (ISP) Fiat Chrysler (F) Given a €20.10 Price Target by Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Enel S.p.A. (ENEL) PT Set at €5.00 by Kepler Capital Markets Tech Data Corp (TECD) Stock Price Up 6.3% Following Earnings Beat Comcast Co. (CMCSA) Sees Large Increase in Short Interest Signet Jewelers Ltd. (SIG) Stock Price Up 9% on Insider Buying Activity Short Interest in Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) Increases By 7.3% Brokerages Anticipate Apple Hospitality REIT Inc (APLE) to Post $0.53 Earnings Per Share May 30th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Brokerages expect Apple Hospitality REIT Inc (NYSE:APLE) to post $0.53 earnings per share for the current quarter, Zacks Investment Research reports. Three analysts have provided estimates for Apple Hospitality REIT’s earnings, with the lowest EPS estimate coming in at $0.52 and the highest estimate coming in at $0.53. Apple Hospitality REIT reported earnings per share of $0.52 in the same quarter last year, which would suggest a positive year-over-year growth rate of 1.9%. The firm is scheduled to announce its next quarterly earnings results on Monday, August 14th. According to Zacks, analysts expect that Apple Hospitality REIT will report full year earnings of $1.78 per share for the current year, with EPS estimates ranging from $1.77 to $1.78. For the next year, analysts anticipate that the business will post earnings of $1.82 per share, with EPS estimates ranging from $1.81 to $1.82. Zacks’ earnings per share averages are a mean average based on a survey of sell-side research firms that that provide coverage for Apple Hospitality REIT. Apple Hospitality REIT (NYSE:APLE) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, May 4th. The real estate investment trust reported $0.39 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.40 by $0.01. The business had revenue of $292.90 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $291.05 million. Apple Hospitality REIT had a net margin of 8.78% and a return on equity of 2.98%. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 30.5% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the prior year, the business posted $0.40 earnings per share. APLE has been the topic of several analyst reports. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Apple Hospitality REIT from a “buy” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Tuesday, February 14th. FBR & Co set a $20.00 price target on shares of Apple Hospitality REIT and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a research report on Monday, March 6th. Canaccord Genuity lowered shares of Apple Hospitality REIT from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and reduced their price target for the stock from $22.00 to $21.00 in a research report on Friday, March 3rd. Robert W. Baird reiterated an “outperform” rating and set a $21.00 price target on shares of Apple Hospitality REIT in a research report on Thursday, April 6th. Finally, Wells Fargo & Co initiated coverage on shares of Apple Hospitality REIT in a research report on Wednesday, May 3rd. They set a “market perform” rating on the stock. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, four have assigned a hold rating and one has assigned a buy rating to the company. The company currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $19.40. Shares of Apple Hospitality REIT (NYSE APLE) traded down 0.27% during midday trading on Tuesday, hitting $18.79. The stock had a trading volume of 721,452 shares. Apple Hospitality REIT has a 1-year low of $17.32 and a 1-year high of $20.68. The company’s 50 day moving average price is $18.92 and its 200-day moving average price is $19.28. The firm has a market capitalization of $4.19 billion, a PE ratio of 26.43 and a beta of 0.67. The business also recently announced a monthly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, June 15th. Shareholders of record on Friday, June 2nd will be given a $0.10 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, May 31st. This represents a $1.20 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 6.39%. Apple Hospitality REIT’s dividend payout ratio is currently 250.01%. WARNING: “Brokerages Anticipate Apple Hospitality REIT Inc (APLE) to Post $0.53 Earnings Per Share” was first posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another publication, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark law. The original version of this piece can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/30/brokerages-anticipate-apple-hospitality-reit-inc-aple-to-post-0-53-earnings-per-share.html. In other Apple Hospitality REIT news, insider Glade M. Knight purchased 2,600 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Friday, March 3rd. The stock was purchased at an average price of $19.33 per share, with a total value of $50,258.00. Following the completion of the purchase, the insider now owns 10,004,632 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $193,389,536.56. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available at the SEC website. Also, insider Glade M. Knight purchased 3,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Friday, May 12th. The shares were acquired at an average cost of $18.51 per share, with a total value of $55,530.00. Following the purchase, the insider now directly owns 10,015,957 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $185,395,364.07. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. Insiders acquired 22,500 shares of company stock worth $427,964 in the last 90 days. Company insiders own 6.40% of the company’s stock. Institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Vanguard Group Inc. increased its position in shares of Apple Hospitality REIT by 16.5% in the first quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 32,734,825 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $625,236,000 after buying an additional 4,627,374 shares in the last quarter. BlackRock Inc. increased its position in shares of Apple Hospitality REIT by 3,420.4% in the first quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 11,994,624 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $229,099,000 after buying an additional 11,653,910 shares in the last quarter. State Street Corp increased its position in shares of Apple Hospitality REIT by 2.4% in the first quarter. State Street Corp now owns 5,426,542 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $103,644,000 after buying an additional 128,765 shares in the last quarter. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP increased its position in shares of Apple Hospitality REIT by 155.9% in the first quarter. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP now owns 2,540,891 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $48,531,000 after buying an additional 1,547,960 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Wells Fargo & Company MN increased its position in shares of Apple Hospitality REIT by 38.0% in the first quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 2,507,835 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $47,901,000 after buying an additional 690,453 shares in the last quarter. 41.75% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Apple Hospitality REIT Company Profile Apple Hospitality REIT, Inc is a hospitality real estate investment trust. The Company invests in real estate, primarily in the lodging sector, in the United States. As of December 31, 2016, the Company owned 235 hotels with an aggregate of 30,073 rooms located in urban, suburban and developing markets throughout 33 states. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Apple Hospitality REIT (APLE) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Apple Hospitality REIT Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Apple Hospitality REIT Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican President Trump Visits Israel for First Time as U.S. President © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
null
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Jun 04, 11:56 PM EDT Subscribe Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology James Corden Carpool Karaoke Apple Music Spinoff Debuts In August By Denisse Moreno On 05/30/17 AT 5:58 PM Close After multiple delays, Apple announced Tuesday “Carpool Karaoke: The Series” will finally premiere Aug. 8 on Apple Music. The show will be Apple’s first original video series, inspired by CBS’ "The Late Late Show with James Corden" segment. Apple reportedly bought rights to the segment last year. Apple had planned to launch the show in April, but then pushed the date back without giving a reason. Read: Apple Original Content: Doc On 'Harry Styles: Behind the Album' The company released a trailer for the series in February that featured celebrities including John Cena, Shaquille O’Neal, Ariana Grande, Seth MacFarlane, Alicia Keys and John Legend. Apple said Tuesday the show will feature musicians, television, film, sports and pop culture personalities. The celebrities will be “buckling up and belting out their favorite songs for a road trip filled with comedy, conversation and music,” Apple said. The show will feature a different set of superstars every Tuesday. “Celebrity pairings include Will Smith and James Corden; Miley, Noah, Billy Ray and the entire Cyrus family; Shakira and Trevor Noah; Game of Thrones stars Sophie Turner and Maisie Williams; Queen Latifah and Jada Pinkett Smith; John Legend, Alicia Keys and Taraji P. Henson; LeBron James and James Corden; and many more,” Apple said in a post. New episodes will be available exclusively to Apple Music subscribers in more than 100 countries. The show is just another example of Apple’s push for video content. The company recently released its exclusive documentary on former One Direction singer Harry Styles on Apple Music. The movie “Harry Styles: Behind the Album” goes behind the scenes of the singer's first solo album. Last week, Apple Music released the trailer for the documentary about Bad Boy Records, the label founded by Sean Combs. The movie, called "Can't Stop, Won't Stop: A Bad Boy Story," is to be released June 25 on Apple Music. Read: iOS 11 Features: Update Will Push Original Video Content With Revamped Music App Apple is expected to release as many as 10 original shows and documentaries by the end of this year, including will.i.am’s "Planet of the Apps" and documentaries about hip-hop label Cash Money Records and music impresario Clive Davis. Apple’s new content is an effort to push Apple Music above other rival streaming services, including Spotify, Tidal and Pandora. Apple’s upcoming iOS 11, which is rumored to roll out this September alongside the iPhone 8, iPhone 7S and iPhone 7S Plus, will reportedly include an update that better showcases Apple original video content. Apple Music executive Jimmy Iovine said in an interview with Bloomberg last month he is focused on music-related video, including a possible sequel to R. Kelly’s "Trapped in the Closet," a rap opera. Iovine said he has discussed possible ideas with Brian Grazer, the producer of Fox’s "Empire" and "Genius," and with director J.J. Abrams. The Apple executive has also met with Warner Bros. Television about creating a show based on the life of Dr. Dre. Join the Discussion Most Read The Newsletter Exclusive articles delivered to your inbox daily. Subscribe Related Stories Apple Changes Delivery Dates Of 15-Inch MacBook Pro Before WWDC Rumored Laptop Announcement Apple WWDC 2017 Live stream: How To Watch The Event On Your Smartphone Recommended Business Chevy's Bolt Is Being Beaten To A Pulp By Tesla's Model 3 The Chevy Bolt is the little engine that couldn't live up to anticipation from GM. Elon Musk's Tesla Model 3 is beating it into oblivion. Technology How Can We Stop Cancer Cells From Spreading? Researchers studying events that promote metastasis found it may be attributed to a new biochemical signaling process. World Photo Of Canadian Man Casually Mowing Lawn With Tornado Behind Him Goes Viral The tornado in Alberta, Canada, resulted in damage to property but caused no causalities. Alberta generally experiences about 15 tornadoes every year, typically between the months of April and September. National Democrats Tired Of Clinton Blame Tour The former secretary of state has been speaking her mind about the Trump administration, but fellow Democrats say she should step aside. © Copyright 2017 Newsweek Media Group All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Apple releases WWDC app update ahead of next week’s event | iLounge News iLounge Search NEW NEWS Sort by Category Recent Comments RSS Feed Submit News/Tip Archives Tim Cook speaks out on Trump’s decision… Apple expanding Swift Playgrounds to teach… Plex adds Live TV support Nuvyyo adds new Tablo Dual to its over-the-air… Apple’s ‘Carpool Karaoke: The… Regulatory filings hint at four new iPads,… REVIEWS + ACCESSORIES Recent Reviews Browse by Category iPhone Accessories iPad Accessories Apple Watch Accessories Speakers Headphones HomeKit Accessories Forum iLounge Books & Guides Submit a Product BlueLounge Quick Peek Smart Organizing Label… Elgato Eve Degree HomeKit Temperature &… 808 Audio Ear Canz Sport Marshall Monitor Black Bluetooth Headphones Mytek Brooklyn Digital-to-Analog Converter iWalk Watchman Backup Battery for Apple Watch,… FEATURES Ask iLounge Best of the Year Awards Editorials Features Interviews Tutorials Reports Backstage Top Five: The Best Products for Building… Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of… Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of… Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of… Inside the betas: iOS 10 Photos gets Advanced… Inside the betas: iOS 10 Music app delivers… GEAR Apple Watch Bands Bags Batteries Car Mounts Fitness Screen Protectors Joby GripTight Pro Video Mount Native Union Cosmos Edition Lightning Cables Twelve South RelaxedLeather for iPhone 7… Just Mobile Xtand Vent Twelve South Journal for iPhone 7 and iPhone… DODOcase Leather Card Case for iPhone 7 and… MAC Macs Apps Cases Speakers Cameras Furniture Decor Mounts Extras Kensington Laptop Locking Station 2.0 IK Multimedia Syntronik Aspyr Media Mafia III Satechi Type-C Pro Hub for MacBook Pro Bloop Airmail 3.2.5 Blizzard Entertainment StarCraft HELP! Help! Links Forums Ask iLounge Tips Tutorials Apple Support Links FAQs iLounge Books & Guides Company Directory Viewing and Managing all of your Apple devices… Capturing iOS and tvOS screenshots using… Checking the Weather in the Maps app in iOS… Sharing HomeKit Access Correcting your iPhone’s Pronunciation Opening a Playlist in a separate window in… DEALS iLounge Deals brings our readers exclusive deals on gadgets, iOS accessories, consumer tech software, e-learning, and more, with a wide range of products and new deals added daily. Daily Deal: Adonit Switch 2-in-1 Stylus &… Daily Deal: Pagico 8.7 Daily Deal: Moskito Smartphone App Controlled… Daily Deal: Sinji Panoramic Smart WiFi Camera Daily Deal: Glowbar Speaker Daily Deal: iKlips miReader 4K GALLERIES FORUMS iPod, iPhone & iPad Problems & Solutions Accessories iTunes & other software Filling Your Device Community Search Forums SHOP ABOUT US The Team Advertise Contact Us Submit App News Submit News News Apple releases WWDC app update ahead of next week’s event By Jesse Hollington @jhollington ● 5 days ago Apple has released a big update to its companion app for the 2017 Worldwide Developers Conference, scheduled to begin next Monday. WWDC 6.0 features a number of significant improvements, including the ability to use almost all of the features in the app without signing in with an Apple ID. The app now provides curated video playlists based on featured themes, a new “Venue” tab that provides information on the venue, and interactive venue and street maps for the local area. The update also adds an iMessage app that provides some exclusive stickers for WWDC attendees to share. Apple TV support, introduced last year in in version 5.0, also allows users to view and stream both live videos from this year’s event and archived videos from past years’ conferences on the big screen, and the app will preserve playback position across devices, allowing users to begin watching a video on one device, such as an iPad, and then pick up where they left off on another device such as an Apple TV. Push notifications in the app help keep attendees up to date on important information for various events during the conference, and indoor location support will help navigate around the San Jose McEnery Convention Center. Attendees can also add their conference pass to Wallet for faster check-in. Comments « Daily Deal: Moskito Smartphone App Controlled Airplane Android pioneer Andy Rubin announces ‘Essential Home’ Smart Home Hub » Related Stories Tim Cook speaks out on Trump’s decision to withdraw from Paris Accord Apple expanding Swift Playgrounds to teach coding for robots, drones and musical instruments Plex adds Live TV support Report provides new insights into Apple’s upcoming Siri smart speaker Apple releases second round of betas for iOS 10.3.3, tvOS 10.2.2, watchOS 3.2.3 Apple announces Live Stream of WWDC 2017 Keynote Subscribe to iLounge Weekly Recent News Tim Cook speaks out on Trump’s decision to withdraw from Paris Accord Apple expanding Swift Playgrounds to teach coding for robots, drones and musical instruments Plex adds Live TV support Report provides new insights into Apple’s upcoming Siri smart speaker Nuvyyo adds new Tablo Dual to its over-the-air TV DVR lineup Apple’s ‘Carpool Karaoke: The Series’ to debut August 8 Regulatory filings hint at four new iPads, new Magic Keyboard for possible release at WWDC Apple releases WWDC app update ahead of next week’s event Android pioneer Andy Rubin announces ‘Essential Home’ Smart Home Hub Apple releases second round of betas for iOS 10.3.3, tvOS 10.2.2, watchOS 3.2.3 Recent Reviews AudioQuest DragonFly Black USB DAC and Headphone Amp BlueLounge Quick Peek Smart Organizing Label System Elgato Eve Degree HomeKit Temperature & Humidity Monitor 808 Audio Ear Canz Sport Marshall Monitor Black Bluetooth Headphones Mytek Brooklyn Digital-to-Analog Converter iWalk Watchman Backup Battery for Apple Watch, iPhone, and iPad Periodic Audio Mg, Ti, & Be In-Ear Monitors Hidrate Spark 2.0 Smart Water Bottle 808 Audio Canz GLO and Canz H2O Bluetooth Speakers Recent Articles Top Five: The Best Products for Building a Smart Home with HomeKit Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of watchOS 3 Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of tvOS 10 Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of iOS 10 Inside the betas: iOS 10 Photos gets Advanced Computer Vision Inside the betas: iOS 10 Music app delivers ‘clarity and simplicity’ Inside the betas: iOS 10 Maps gets a major redesign Inside the betas: iOS 10 shakes up the user experience Inside the betas: watchOS 3 promises a real speed boost Inside the betas: A sneak peek at what’s new in tvOS 10 Win Subscribe Buy ADVERTISE | CONTACT US Search Sign up for the iLounge Weekly Newsletter iLounge is an independent resource for all things iPod, iPhone, iPad, and beyond. iPod, iPhone, iPad, iTunes, Apple TV, Mac, and the Apple logo are trademarks of Apple Inc. iLounge is © 2001 - 2017 iLounge, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
Subscribe ▲ Learn more about Macworld's Digital Edition    🔎 Home News Reviews How-To Video Macs iPhone/iPad OS X iOS Apps Accessories Business Entertainment Audio Headphones Streaming Hardware Streaming Media Subscribe Resources Macs MacBooks Mac Desktops iPhones Blogs iPads Accessories Apps Audio Business Cameras Components Development Software Displays E-readers Home Theater iOS iPhone Accessories iPad Accessories iPods OS X Printers Networking Productivity Software Smartwatches Storage Styluses Audio Headphones Streaming Hardware Streaming Media Home Streaming Media News Apple’s first original series ‘Carpool Karaoke’ finally gets a premiere date: August 8 ‘Carpool Karaoke’ was originally scheduled to premiere in April. Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. By Oscar Raymundo Staff Writer, Macworld | May 30, 2017 2:43 PM PT Credit: Apple More like this Apple's first original series, Carpool Karaoke, delayed to later this year Apple’s original TV shows are almost ready for prime time Apple Music in iOS 11 could put video front and center Video WWDC 2017: Our Top 3 Predictions Apple’s Carpool Karaoke now has a new premiere date. Apple senior V.P. of Internet Software and Services, Eddy Cue, tweeted that Carpool Karaoke will stream on Apple Music starting Tuesday, August 8. The series is a full-length version of the popular segments on The Late Late Show with James Corden. It was originally scheduled to debut in April but was mysteriously postponed. Apple has not given an explanation as to why the series had to be pushed back. In February, the company released a promo featuring segments with A-list celebs, including Will Smith, Alicia Keys, and Ariana Grande. [ Further reading: The best media streaming devices ] Carpool Karaoke will be Apple’s first original series to stream exclusively on Apple Music. Along with the reality competition series Planet of the Apps, it marks Apple’s star-studded move into original programming intended to make Apple Music somewhat of a hybrid between Spotify and Netflix. Planet of the Apps was originally slated for a spring release date, as well, but it seems that show has also been pushed back. There is no word on when the Shark Tank-meets-The Voice competition will premiere. The story behind the story: Up until now, Apple has relied on bringing big stars to Apple Music in order to remain competitive in streaming media. Shortly after it launched, Apple Music scored exclusives from Taylor Swift and Drake (who have also appeared in ads for the music service). In a similar fashion, Apple’s original programming has been banking on celebrities. Planet of the Apps features Gwyneth Paltrow. The fact that both of these shows were pushed back could signal a shift towards something more ambitious, or at least more original. Earlier this year, Apple reportedly met with former HBO executive Michael Lombardo to re-assess its video strategy. As HBO’s head of programming, Lombardo was responsible for green-lighting Game of Thrones, True Blood, and Silicon Valley. To comment on this article and other Macworld content, visit our Facebook page or our Twitter feed. Related: Streaming Media Streaming Services Entertainment Entertainment Software Cloud & Services Apple Apple Music Oscar Raymundo is a staff writer covering iOS and the host of 'The iPhone Show.' Follow You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon Macworld Macworld is your best source for all things Apple. We give you the scoop on what's new, what's best and how to make the most out of the products you love. About Us Contact Us Mac OS X Hints Ad Choices Digital Magazines Newsletters Privacy Policy RSS Terms of Service Agreement E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Macworld CATEGORIES Business Creative Entertainment iOS Apps Mac Apps MacCentral iPhone/iPad OS X Podcasts Video IDG Network Sites Advertise Careers at IDG Creative Lab IDG IDG Consumer & SMB Knowledge Hub Macworld|iWorld PCWorld TechHive Permissions Try Macworld Risk-Free Subscribe Now Follow us    Visit other IDG sites: Select One CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDG Connect IDG TechNetwork IDG.tv InfoWorld IT News ITworld JavaWorld Network World PC World TechHive The Industry Standard Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc.
Pocket-lint search News Reviews Features Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR Pocket-lint News Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR All News Reviews Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR All Reviews Features YouTube Instagram Facebook Twitter Google+ search Phones Best Phone Cameras Fitness trackers Parent hub Smart home search Is this a sign Apple will launch new MacBook Pro laptops at WWDC 2017? Elyse Betters30 May 2017Laptops Pocket-lint Facebook Twitter Pintrest LinkedIn Google+ Mail Comment Want more proof that Apple might launch new MacBook Pros in June? Well, if you check out Apple's online store, the free shipping times for the 15-inch MacBook Pro are now estimated for between 6 June to 8 June in the US, rather than the usual same-day shipping. Keep in mind Apple's WWDC 2017 keynote is scheduled for 5 June. Apple typically uses its mostly-annual developers conference to announce new software updates to existing products, giving developers a chance to become acquainted with the changes and maybe get their third-party integrations, tie-ins, services, and apps ready. However, this year, Apple may announce hardware updates, according to Bloomberg, which has said we can expect new laptops at WWDC. Apple likely wants to keep its MacBook laptop line fresh for customers, especially due to recent hardware pushes from rivals, such as Microsoft, as well as declining iPad sales. It is reportedly planning three new laptops: the MacBook Pro will get a faster Kaby Lake processor from Intel, a new version of the 12-inch MacBook with a faster Intel chip, and the 13-inch MacBook Air will get a new processor.  Apple's Siri speaker: What's the story so far? iPad Pro 10.5-inch could be launched in June following case leak The new MacBook Pro delivery estimates on Apple's site seems to give more weight to Bloomberg's report about Apple planning to launch new MacBook Pro and 12-inch MacBook models on 5 June at WWDC. However, the 13-inch MacBook Pro models remain in stock for delivery as early as tomorrow. It's not clear whether that's due to more supply, or maybe Apple has no planned updates for that model. The updated MacBook Pro laptops will apparently still look the same; they're only getting different internal architecture. In other words, none of the updates are major changes. The MacBook and MacBook Air are definitely due for an update, though, considering they were last updated in 2016 and 2015, respectively. Check out Pocket-lint's WWDC round-up to see what else Apple may announce at its keynote. Which MacBook is best for you? MacBook, MacBook Air or MacBook Pro? Sections Apple Laptops Via: MacRumors Source: Apple Best laptops 2017: The best laptops you can buy today Which Apple MacBook is best for you? MacBook, MacBook Air or MacBook Pro? Best Windows 10 laptops: The best available to buy today MSI GT83VR Titan preview: Gaming monster with a roar Popular In Laptops On Pocket-lint MSI GT83VR Titan preview: Gaming monster with a roar HP Spectre x360 (2017) preview: 15-incher with supermodel looks Eve V preview: What makes the crowd-funded Surface Pro rival so special? Google Chrome to get own built-in ad blocker MSI GS36VR Stealth Pro preview: Taking gaming laptops to the Max-Q Best of Computex 2017: The top 5 tech products on show Samsung Notebook 9 Pro preview: Flip screened laptop with built-in S Pen Control three devices with just one mouse, Logitech Flow software works with two new MX mice Watch out Apple! Qualcomm-powered Windows 10 laptops are aiming at the MacBook Computex 2017: All the announcements that matter Apple WWDC 2017: When is it, where to watch, and what to expect? Alphabet’s Waymo moves on from cars, now testing self-driving trucks Samsung made a Pirates of the Caribbean-themed Galaxy S8 Snapchat Spectacles tips and tricks: Get creative with your new specs MSI GT83VR Titan preview: Gaming monster with a roar HP Spectre x360 (2017) preview: 15-incher with supermodel looks Toshiba X97 Series OLED TV preview: High-end TV tech, but at what price? Eve V preview: What makes the crowd-funded Surface Pro rival so special? Nintendo Switch online subscription service delayed until 2018 V-Moda Forza Metallo Wireless review: Jaw-dropping sound from new neckband earphones Comments search News All news Reviews Hands-on All reviews Features Buyer's guides Vs All features Sections Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR Popular Brands Apple Samsung HTC Microsoft Google Facebook Lego Panasonic LG Amazon Extras & Social Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Google+ YouTube Events Pocket-lint Gadget Awards Regulars Comps Copyright Pocket-lint ltd 2003 - 2017 Site map Contact us About us Reviews policy Site policy Advertise on Pocket-lint
Menu Deadline TV ‘Carpool Karaoke: The Series’ Gets Premiere Date After&nbs… Home Film TV Awardsline Box Office Business INTL Video Jobs Got A Tip? Breaking News 'Wonder Woman' Eyeing $101M+, Tops For Female-Helmed Pic Top Stories ‘One Love Manchester’ Concert Updates, Livestream ‘Kevin Can Wait’: Leah Remini In, Erinn Hayes Out London Attacks: Trump Slams Mayor; Updates Bill Maher Apologizes Amid Scorn Over On-Air Racial Slur TV ‘Carpool Karaoke: The Series’ Gets Premiere Date After Delay by Denise Petski May 30, 2017 2:24pm 1 TV Breaking News Premiere Dates Apple Music Carpool Karaoke: The Series CBS Television Studios James Corden CBS Apple Music has announced a premiere date for Carpool Karaoke: The Series. The portal’s first original series, based on James Corden’s popular Late Late Show segment, will premiere August 8, four months after it initially was expected to launch. Related James Corden Addresses Attack At Ariana Grande Concert In Manchester Apple’s SVP of internet software and services, Eddy Cue, announced the date in a Tweet Tuesday. Excited to roll out #CarpoolKaraoke: The Series on @AppleMusic — Coming August 8! — Eddy Cue (@cue) May 30, 2017 Carpool Karaoke: The Series features 16 celebrity hosts riding in a car together belting out their favorite tunes. Will Smith, Shaquille O’Neal, Seth MacFarlane, Billy Eichner, Metallica, Alicia Keys, John Legend, Ariana Grande, Chelsea Handler, Blake Shelton, Michael Strahan, Jeff Gordon, John Cena are among the celebrities also scheduled to appear in the series. Corden appears in at least two episodes, alongside Will Smith and LeBron James. It will be available to subscribers of Apple Music, Apple’s music subscription service regularly priced at $9.99 per month. Carpool Karaoke: The Series is co-produced by CBS Television Studios and Fulwell 73. Corden and Ben Winston serve as co-creators and executive producers along with executive producer and showrunner Eric Pankowski. Subscribe to Deadline Breaking News Alerts and keep your inbox happy 1 1 Comment Cancel reply Comments On Deadline Hollywood are monitored. So don't go off topic, don't impersonate anyone, and don't get your facts wrong. Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (Address never made public) Name Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. TrumpLovesRussian Balls • on May 30, 2017 10:53 pm Why? Such a tired idea that does not need its own show. Reply What's Hot on Deadline 1 Watch Ariana Grande's One Love Manchester Concert Livestream Here 2 'Wonder Woman' Breaks Glass Ceiling For Female Directors & Stomps On 'Iron Man' With $100.5M Debut - Sunday AM Final 3 'Kevin Can Wait' Shakeup: Co-Star Erinn Hayes Confirms Exit From CBS Sitcom 4 Ariana Grande Manchester Benefit Concert To Air Live In 50+ Countries 5 Dan Aykroyd Blames Director Paul Feig for 'Ghostbusters' Reboot: "It Cost Too Much" 6 London Attacks: Donald Trump Slams Mayor Sadiq Khan, Gun Activists & 'Political Correctness' In Twitter Storm 7 Hollywood Weighs In On Bill Maher Controversy; D.L. Hughley Rebukes HBO 8 Seven Victims Dead, Three Attackers Killed In London Terror Attack; Donald Trump Offers "Full Support", Urges Travel Ban 9 'Wonder Woman' Lassos $122.5M Offshore, $223M Global Debut - International Box Office 10 Ariana Grande Manchester Benefit Concert To Air On ABC Latest TV News ‘The Leftovers’ Finale: Damon Lindelof & Justin Theroux On What It All Means, ‘Lost’s Legacy & Their… Vladimir Putin Exhumes JFK Assassination Conspiracy Theory In Megyn Kelly Q&A On Election Tampering Reza Aslan Joins Bill Maher, Kathy Griffin In TV-Talent Apology Parade Ariana Grande Says ‘Love & Unity Is The Medicine The World Needs Now’; Concert Raises $2.6M So Far Sinclair In Talks With Former Sony Pictures TV Leader Steve Mosko – Report Watch Ariana Grande’s One Love Manchester Concert Livestream Here More Marketplace Featured Jobs Creative Development Coordinator Triptyk Studios, New York, New York Account/Project Coordinator (Ad Agency) Petrol Advertising, Burbank, California Media Specialist Bridgewater Associates, Westport, Connecticut Executive Director, Aspen Film Company Confidential, Aspen, Colorado Associate Director, YouTuber & Gamer Partnerships Save the Children, Fairfield, Connecticut SEE MORE JOBS Drama Desk Awards 2017: Bette Midler, 'Oslo' Take Top Honors… Fear TWD Showrunner Breaks Down [Spoiler]'s 'Inevitable' Demise… Bernice Burgos Dances In Bikini To Chris Brown's Music — Is She… NBA Finals 2017 live stream: How to watch Warriors vs. Cavaliers… About Us Advertise Terms of Use Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights Google+ The Power of Content Variety india.com Hollywoodlife SPY TV Line GOLDDERBY WWD Footwear News Copyright © 2017 Penske Business Media, LLC. All rights reserved. HOLLYWOOD™ & Design © 2017 Hollywood Chamber of Commerce. The Hollywood Sign is a trademark and intellectual property of Hollywood Chamber of Commerce. All Rights Reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP ad
Apps iPhone Apps iPad Apps Mac Apps Apple TV Apps Apple Watch Apps The Best Apps Tutorials Jailbreak Jailbreak Tweaks Jailbreak Guide Unlock Guide Deals Latest Deals Devices iPhone iPad Mac Apple Watch Apple TV More Download Wallpapers iPhone Photography Expert Tips Podcasts WWDC app updated with curated video playlists, interactive venue and street maps & more Christian Zibreg on May 30, 2017 1 Apple today updated its WWDC app for iPhone, iPad and Apple Watch with curated video playlist, interactive venue and street maps and other content ahead of the June 5 keynote. “We’ve made several app updates to improve your experience in 2017, whether you’re attending or following along remotely,” reads the changelog accompanying the download. Bumped to version 6.0, the app lets you watch curated video playlists focused on featured themes, as well as view interactive venue and street maps of San Jose McEnery Convention Center and access other important venue information through the new Venue tab. Unlike before, you can now use all app features without signing in. Lastly, Apple has given the app an Apple Music-like facelift with bold headings, larger images and simplified navigation, as evidenced by the screenshots. The WWDC app supports all form-factor iOS devices natively and includes a sticker pack for iMessage and an Apple Watch component. You can download it free on App Store. The keynote will be live-streamed through the Apple Developer website and on the WWDC app. The Cupertino giant could unveil its own Siri speaker at WWDC and potentially unveil hardware updates to the iPad Pro lineup and a next-generation Apple TV with 4K video support. Check out our WWDC 2017-themed wallpapers for your Apple hardware. Even if you plan on watching the keynote, be sure to join us here at iDownloadBlog that Monday as we’ll be covering all things WWDC throughout the entire week. Tagged: App Store Apps App Updates Apple Apps iPad iPhone iPod Touch News WWDC WWDC 2017 MORE FROM iDB Get ready for WWDC 2016 with official Apple TV app Easily manage all your YouTube notifications via all-new Activity tab You can now order photo books and archive images on Google Photos igobythisname hmm…. so this isn’t going to be the first KEYNOTE at the spaceship? bummer! 🙁 Featured Latest Jailbreak tweaks of the week: Charge, TouchBar, & more… Halide, Clarity, Adobe Scan, and other apps to check out this weekend How to live stream WWDC 2017 on iPhone, iPad, Apple TV, Mac, Windows, and Android Daily Deals: 20% off PlayStation Plus membership, 10% off Uber gift card, and more Mad Max, Pulp Fiction and other iTunes movies on sale right now How to track your sleep using your iPhone and Apple Watch WWDC 2017 wallpapers and logo pack Jailbreak tweaks of the week: Charge, TouchBar, & more… WWDC 2017, rumors of Siri speaker, new Macs, and other top stories this week on iDB Apple to announce Siri support for larger variety of apps at WWDC Jailbreak News Jailbreak tweaks of the week: Charge, TouchBar, & more… New jailbreak tweak brings a MacBook Pro-style Touch Bar to your iPhone Hide stuff from your Lock screen with LSHiddenTools10 JailbreakersUnite: a new conference that aims to bring jailbreak community members together SaveBot lets you save videos from your timeline in Tweetbot Apps How to track your sleep using your iPhone and Apple Watch Apple to announce Siri support for larger variety of apps at WWDC Halide, Clarity, Adobe Scan, and other apps to check out this weekend Can Facebook win over the Snapchat audience with purported teen-centric Talk app? Apple’s free app of the week: The Robot Factory Accessories 10.5″ iPad Pro screen protector surfaces ahead of rumored WWDC announcement Nike’s new sneaker-matching Apple Watch bands now available for purchase Twelve South’s BookArc stand for Apple notebooks now available in Space Gray Apple’s begun manufacturing its Siri speaker ahead of WWDC Elgato debuts Eve Degree HomeKit sensor [video review] Deals Instant Snap-On Smart Wall Outlets for $16 Daily Burn: Premium Membership for $99 10-Ft MFi-Certified Lightning Cable: 3-Pack for $16 Newsletter Get updates directly into your inbox. Subscribe Download the iDB app About | Contact | Advertise | Disclosure | Privacy Policy 2017 © iDownloadBlog.com - This website is not affiliated with Apple. Home Apps Tutorials Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Downloads Wallpapers Accessories Deals Podcasts Write for iDB Contact Us
Apps iPhone Apps iPad Apps Mac Apps Apple TV Apps Apple Watch Apps The Best Apps Tutorials Jailbreak Jailbreak Tweaks Jailbreak Guide Unlock Guide Deals Latest Deals Devices iPhone iPad Mac Apple Watch Apple TV More Download Wallpapers iPhone Photography Expert Tips Podcasts Apple’s original show “Carpool Karaoke” will debut August 8 on Apple Music Christian Zibreg on May 30, 2017 4 “Carpool Karaoke: The Series,” Apple’s first original show based on the popular segment on “The Late Late Show” with James Corden, will premiere August 8 on Apple Music. The news was revealed in today’s tweet by Eddy Cue, Apple’s chief of Internet Software and Services. The show was originally supposed to air on Apple Music beginning April 2017, but the iPhone maker was forced to postpone its arrival due to tight production schedule. All sixteen episodes will debut on Tuesdays, available only to Apple Music members. Featuring a different host every episode, Apple’s version of “Carpool Karaoke” replaces the show’s regular host James Corden with actors, comedians, athletes and other celebrities, who will be seen riding along in a car together as they’re singing different tunes. Some of the confirmed celebrities that will appear on the show include Will Smith, Billy Eichner, Metallica, Alicia Keys, John Legend, Ariana Grande, Seth MacFarlane, Chelsea Handler, Blake Shelton, Michael Strahan, John Cena and Shaquille O’Neal. “Planet of the Apps,” Apple’s show about apps and their creators, is coming this year. Apple wrapped up filming of that one back in February 2017, but it’s unclear when exactly the company might release it on Apple Music. Tagged: Apple Apple Music Entertainment Music News TV shows MORE FROM iDB iOS 11 to bring new video features to Apple Music, 10 original series planned this year Apple’s Carpool Karaoke spinoff is coming in April, watch the second clip now Watch Apple’s star-laden trailer for Apple Music’s upcoming Carpool Karaoke show GUY Carpool karaoke is not original, it’s been done for a while on TV by James , what Apple is doing is just a remake/reboot hence not original. askep3 When original is used like this it means it was being produced by Apple, not licensed from someone else Alex Wilson Yawn. Let’s see some more Apple “courage” instead. JohnS LOL, typically apple’s commercials are enough to get me excited about a new product or it’s possibilities but this… I don’t think I could possibly care less about this. I know everyone is different and there are going to be people that love this, I just hope in the long run things like this don’t tarnish their brand. Guess time will tell. Featured Latest Jailbreak tweaks of the week: Charge, TouchBar, & more… Halide, Clarity, Adobe Scan, and other apps to check out this weekend How to live stream WWDC 2017 on iPhone, iPad, Apple TV, Mac, Windows, and Android Daily Deals: 20% off PlayStation Plus membership, 10% off Uber gift card, and more Mad Max, Pulp Fiction and other iTunes movies on sale right now How to track your sleep using your iPhone and Apple Watch WWDC 2017 wallpapers and logo pack Jailbreak tweaks of the week: Charge, TouchBar, & more… WWDC 2017, rumors of Siri speaker, new Macs, and other top stories this week on iDB Apple to announce Siri support for larger variety of apps at WWDC Jailbreak News Jailbreak tweaks of the week: Charge, TouchBar, & more… New jailbreak tweak brings a MacBook Pro-style Touch Bar to your iPhone Hide stuff from your Lock screen with LSHiddenTools10 JailbreakersUnite: a new conference that aims to bring jailbreak community members together SaveBot lets you save videos from your timeline in Tweetbot Apps How to track your sleep using your iPhone and Apple Watch Apple to announce Siri support for larger variety of apps at WWDC Halide, Clarity, Adobe Scan, and other apps to check out this weekend Can Facebook win over the Snapchat audience with purported teen-centric Talk app? Apple’s free app of the week: The Robot Factory Accessories 10.5″ iPad Pro screen protector surfaces ahead of rumored WWDC announcement Nike’s new sneaker-matching Apple Watch bands now available for purchase Twelve South’s BookArc stand for Apple notebooks now available in Space Gray Apple’s begun manufacturing its Siri speaker ahead of WWDC Elgato debuts Eve Degree HomeKit sensor [video review] Deals Instant Snap-On Smart Wall Outlets for $16 Daily Burn: Premium Membership for $99 10-Ft MFi-Certified Lightning Cable: 3-Pack for $16 Newsletter Get updates directly into your inbox. Subscribe Download the iDB app About | Contact | Advertise | Disclosure | Privacy Policy 2017 © iDownloadBlog.com - This website is not affiliated with Apple. Home Apps Tutorials Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Downloads Wallpapers Accessories Deals Podcasts Write for iDB Contact Us
Welcome to Rappler, please select your default country:   Philippines   Indonesia Go! PhilippinesIndonesia Coupons   Rappler Shop Login to Rappler Login to Rappler using your social account: Already have a Rappler Account? Login or Register to create one. Home News Philippines #PHvote 2016 World #BalikBayan Science & Nature Video Newscast Shows Reports Documentary Specials Business Economy Brighter Life Industries Money Features Specials Newsbreak Investigative In-depth Rappler IQ Inside Track Flashback Rich Media MovePH Issues #Agos #BudgetWatch #HungerProject Community IMHO Views Thought Leaders iSpeak Rappler Blogs #AnimatED Life & Style Food Career Travel Specials #PugadBaboy Entertainment Entertainment News Movies Music Special Coverage Sports Boxing Basketball Football Other Sports University Sports Tech News Features Reviews Hands on Social Media BrandRap Finance & Industries Health & Self Lifestyle Tech & Innovation Advertise X Jobs Coupons Rappler Shop News Philippines #PHvote 2016 World #BalikBayan Science & Nature Video Newscast Shows Reports Documentary Specials Business Economy Brighter Life Industries Money Features Specials Newsbreak Investigative In-depth Rappler IQ Inside Track Flashback Rich Media MovePH Issues #Agos #BudgetWatch #HungerProject Community IMHO Views Thought Leaders iSpeak Rappler Blogs #AnimatED Life & Style Food Career Travel Specials #PugadBaboy Entertainment Entertainment News Movies Music Special Coverage Sports Boxing Basketball Football Other Sports University Sports Tech News Features Reviews Hands on Social Media BrandRap Finance & Industries Health & Self Lifestyle Tech & Innovation Advertise X ABOUT RAPPLER Welcome to Rappler, a social news network where stories inspire community engagement and digitally fuelled actions for social change. Rappler comes from the root words "rap" (to discuss) + "ripple" (to make waves). Read more Rappler's 2013 Board Privacy Statement Contact Us Rappler's Founding Board Terms of Use Advertise With Us Rappler Team Rappler Indonesia Team Comment Moderation Policy Archives Job Openings OTHER CONTENT #PHVote 2016 • Philippine News • Weather Forecast Philippines • Pugad Baboy • Typhoon Haiyan (Yolanda) • Pork Barrel Scam • Disaster Preparedness • Disaster Response • Disaster Recovery • Manny Pacquiao • The Hunger Project • Travel Philippines • UAAP • FOI bill • Charter Change • Indonesia News • Gilas Pilipinas • Jejomar Binay • Makati City • #ProjectAgos • Typhoon Ruby (Hagupit) • AirAsia flight QZ8501 • Pope Francis Quotes • Miss Universe• Facebook down • Travel in the Philippines • Places to visit in the Philippines • Philippine holidays • Join the #PHVote Challenge! Go! LATEST NEWS Di Jepang Wapres JK ingatkan peran masjid Nasional WATCH: Curry dances with LeBron, makes the layup NBA Steve Kerr returns to sidelines for Golden State Warriors NBA #PugadBaboy: Dugo ng Shinobi 37 PugadBaboy Berita selebriti hari ini: Senin, 5 Juni 2017 The wRap Opposition lawmakers wants SC to nullify martial law Philippines ISIS klaim bertanggung jawab serangan di Jembatan London Berita Berita hari ini: Senin, 5 Juni 2017 The wRap Warriors go up 2-0 in another blowout win over Cavs NBA FARC slams Colombian government for 'repeatedly breaking' peace pact terms Latin America View more stories Tech News Reveal rundown: 5 Asus laptops launched at Computex 2017 Here are the specs, photos, prices and availability of the Taiwanese firm's 2017 laptop lineup Edd K. Usman Published 12:32 PM, May 30, 2017 Updated 12:59 PM, May 30, 2017 TAIPEI, Taiwan – Taiwanese firm Asus unveiled on Monday, May 29, their 2017 lineup of laptops, including what Asus chairman Jonney Shih described as "the world's thinnest convertible" and "the world's most prestigious laptop." Shih was referring to the ZenBook Flip S (UX30), a 2-in-1 convertible laptop and the ZenBook 3 Deluxe (UX490), respectively. Asus dubbed its product presentation "The Edge of Beyond" held at the HNBK International Convention Center at Computex 2017, which runs until June 3, Saturday. Also part of the company's revelations are the ZenBook Pro (UX550), which Shih described as "super powerful with compact design"; the VivoBook S15, trumpeted as a unit with a "thinner and lighter design"; and the VivoBook Pro 15, with its "unprecedented performance." The Asus chairman beamed pridefully as he called their new products as representative of "the new age of innovation." Shih took aim at Apple's MacBook Air, declaring that the ZenBook Flip S is thinner and lighter than the Apple product. On the software side, Shih boasted of the new products' support for new Windows 10 features, among them Windows Link, Windows Hello, Cortana and Modern Standby. "Today is all about our relentless effort in striving toward perfection. Our brand new ZenBook and VivoBook lineup truly goes to the edge of beyond, providing everyone with a new definition of thin, beautiful and powerful laptops," Shih said. Asus also highlighted its long partnership with Intel, calling onto the stage, Gregory Bryant, corporate vice president and general manager of Intel's client computing group. "Asus has been at the forefront of delivering new technology and experiences for many years. Its stunning lineup of new ZenBook and VivoBook PCs, all powered by 7th-generation Intel Core processors, give people a choice of thin-and-light PCs that merge high performance with style," said Bryant. Below are photos and specs of the 5 laptops unveiled. 1) Asus ZenBook Flip S (UX370) Photo by Edd K. Usman/Rappler The Asus ZenBook Flip S – among the winners of a Computex 2017 d&i award – is the world’s thinnest convertible laptop, the company claims. The convertible is 10.9-mm thing and weighs 1.1 kilograms, making it among the lightest in the laptop market today. It features a 360°-flippable display, designed with an "ErgoLift" hinge that lifts and tilts the keyboard to an angled typing position when the display is opened beyond 135°. The Flip S features Windows 10 S and has a 7th-generation Intel Core i7-7500U processor, a 1TB PCIe SSD, a new cooling system, a 13.3-inch 4K touchscreen that supports an active stylus such as the Asus Pen, slim bezels called "NanoEdge," and a compact fingerprint sensor. Price starts at $1,099, and is expected to start arriving in September 2017. 2) Asus ZenBook Pro (UX550) Photo by Edd K. Usman/Rappler Asus ZenBook Pro is designed with power in mind. It won the "Computing and System" category at the Computex 2017 Best Choice Awards. Last year, Asus also won the category with its Zenbook 3 laptops. This year's Pro is the thinnest and lightest ever for the line while still packing powerful specs: up to a 7th-generation Intel Core i7-7700HQ chip for notebooks, an NVIDIA GeForce GTX1050 Ti graphics, a 1TB PCIe x4 SSD, and 16GB of DDR4 RAM. Asus claims it has a 14-hour battery life. It is equipped with a 15.6-inch 4K touchscreen display with NanoEdge bezels, and a quad-speaker setup that utilizes Harman Kardon surround-sound audio. ZenBook Pro launches with either Windows 10 Pro or Home. The Pro has an all-aluminum unibody that’s 18.9mm thin and 1.8 kg light. It's among the most portable in the high-spec'd class of laptops. It is expected to start arriving in July in some markets with a starting price of $1,299. 3) Asus ZenBook 3 Deluxe (UX490) Photo by Edd K. Usman/Rappler The Asus ZenBook 3 Deluxe is also one of the winners of a Computex 2017 d&i award. It's 12.9mm-thin and weighs 1.1 kg. It has the chassis of a 13-incher but packs a 14-inch display, also with NanoEdge bezels. Asus says it's the world’s thinnest 14-inch laptop. The ZenBook 3 Deluxe is among the most powerful in the popular Zenbook 3 line. It will be offered with an Intel Core i7-7500U processor, up to 16GB of 2133MHz LPDDR3 RAM, and a 1TB PCI-Express SSD. It has two USB Type-C ports that are Thunderbolt 3-enabled. Thunderbolt 3 allows for fast 40Gbps data transfers, and the ability to connect to dual 4K UHD external displays. ZenBook 3 Deluxe comes with Windows 10 Pro or Home, with prices starting at $1,199. No word on expected availability yet. 4) ASUS VivoBook Pro 15 (N580) Photo provided by Asus The ASUS VivoBook Pro 15 is a 15.6-inch Windows 10 laptop powered by a 7th-generation Intel Core i7-7700HQ quad-core processor, up to 16GB DDR4 RAM, and an NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1050 graphics. VivoBook Pro 15 features hybrid storage, offered with up to a 2TB HDD and a 512GB SSD. It has a 4K display and a 100% sRGB color gamut – a useful feature for designers, artists. It features Harman Kardon-certified audio, including a set of twin speakers, that Asus says makes for louder sound. It also has a fingerprint sensor for one-touch login via Windows Hello, and support for ASUS Pen. Prices start at $799. No word on availability yet. 5) ASUS VivoBook S15 (S510) Photo by Edd K. Usman/Rappler This 15.6-inch Windows 10 laptop is 17.9mm thin and weighs 1.5 kg. It also has the aforementioned NanoEdge bezels. It's also powered by a 7th-generation Intel Core chip – up to a i7-7500U processor. Rounding up its specs are 16GB of DDR4 memory and NVIDIA GeForce 940MX graphics. Prices start at $499; starts arriving in mid-June in the Philippines. – Rappler.com Filed under:Asus laptops 2017•Asus laptops Computex 2017•Asus laptops availability•Asus laptops price•Asus launch Computex 2017•Computex 2017•Vivobook•Zenbook•Asus HOW DOES THIS STORY MAKE YOU FEEL? Happy Sad Angry Don't Care Inspired Afraid Amused Annoyed Back These stories made other people Check them out! × Would you like to share your vote? ABOUT RAPPLER Welcome to Rappler, a social news network where stories inspire community engagement and digitally fuelled actions for social change. Rappler comes from the root words "rap" (to discuss) + "ripple" (to make waves). Read more Rappler's Founding Board Rappler's 2014-2016 Board Rappler Team Rappler Indonesia Team Job Openings Archives X Join The #PHVote Challenge! Privacy statement Terms of Use Comment moderation Policy Advertise With Us Contact Us SECTIONS #PHvote 2016 News Video Business Newsbreak MovePH Views Life & Style Entertainment Sports Tech Live BrandRap Weather in the Philippines Disasters Travel destinations Coupons Jobs COMMUNITY Facebook Twitter Google+ Youtube Storify Flickr Instagram Android iOS Windows × Log In with your Rappler Account Email: Password: Cancel Submit × Register for a RAPPLER Account Fields with * are required. Thank You. View your profile page here OR Click close to continue. Email: Password: First Name: Last Name: Birthday: (YYYY-MM-DD) City/Municipality: Province: Gender: Select gender Male Female Contact Number: School/Work: Subscriptions I want to subscribe to the Rappler daily wRap I want to be a Project Agos volunteer Terms & Conditions I agree to the Rappler terms and conditions below: Privacy Statement Site Use Policy Comment Moderation Policy Cancel Submit × Update your information Fields with * are required. Thank You. You have successfully updated your account. First Name: Last Name: Email: Birthday: (YYYY-MM-DD) City/Municipality: Province: Gender: Select gender Male Female Contact Number: School/Work: Cancel Submit
NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE Foxconn Insider Leaks Details About iPhone 8, Apple Glasses, E-Ink Keyboard, Siri Speaker, More What We Expect Apple to Announce at WWDC 2017 Live Blog of Apple's 2017 WWDC Keynote Sonos Sale: $100 Off Sonos SUB, $50 Off Two PLAY:1 Speakers [Deal] The Robot Factory is Apple's Free 'App of the Week' [Download] iOS 11 Concept Features Updates to Siri, Control Center, Camera, Phone, More [Video] Google Hangouts Now Integrated With the Built-In Phone App on the iPhone Check Out This Gorgeous iPhone Pro Concept [Images] Adobe Releases Free 'Adobe Scan' OCR App for iOS [Download] Microsoft Introduces the Next Generation of Skype [Video] Drone Footage Shows Trees Inside Apple Park Cafe [Video] Apple Begins Decorating the McEnery Convention Center for WWDC 2017 [Photos] Apple Announces Swift Playgrounds Update With Support for Robots, Drones, and Musical Instruments Google Sheets for iOS Now Lets You Insert, Edit, and Change Chart Types Sony Prioritizes Apple CMOS Image Sensor Orders Plex Announces Support for Live TV [Video] Apple Announces Developer Earnings From the App Store Have Topped $70 Billion Apple's Carpool Karaoke Debuts August 8th LIKE   TWEET   SHARE   PIN   SHARE   POST MAIL MORE Posted May 30, 2017 at 8:38pm by iClarified · 3591 views · Translate Apple has announced that its Carpool Karaoke show will debut Tuesday, August 8th on Apple Music. Carpool Karaoke: The Series for Apple Music will welcome a different group of superstars every Tuesday, with new episodes available exclusively to Apple Music subscribers in more than 100 countries. Celebrity pairings include Will Smith and James Corden; Miley, Noah, Billy Ray and the entire Cyrus family; Shakira and Trevor Noah; Game of Thrones stars Sophie Turner and Maisie Williams; Queen Latifah and Jada Pinkett Smith; John Legend, Alicia Keys and Taraji P. Henson; LeBron James and James Corden; and many more. The show is based on the Carpool Karaoke segment from the The Late Late Show with James Corden. The Series is produced for Apple Music by CBS Television Studios and Fulwell 73. James Corden and Ben Winston are the creators and executive producers, along with executive producer Eric Pankowski. You can watch the trailer here. Follow iClarified Comments Add Comment Recent Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder News Tutorials Answers Wizards Search Comments Bookmarks Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified Send Us a Tip Contact Us Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder, News, Tutorials, Answers, Wizards, Search, Comments, Bookmarks, Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified, Send Us a Tip, Contact Us Copyright © iClarified. All rights reserved. Privacy. Content.
Login All Reviews Editorials News Foxconn Source Spills Details on iPhone X, Says AR Glasses Likely to be Cancelled Another Company Wants to Heat Your Home with Server Waste Heat OneLogin Customer Data Exposed in Ridiculously Bad Security Breach Tips Get Free Bitcoins from 21 Faucets That Pay macOS: Disable Video Autoplay in Safari Podcasts iCloud Syncing is the Bane of my Existence – Mac Geek Gab 660 OneLogin Encryption Breach, WWDC 2017 Expectations - TMO Daily Observations 2017-06-02 View All Results → macOS: Speedifier Lets You Control Video Speed In Safari Sonos PLAYBASE Review: Room-Filling Sound for Music, TV, and Movies HP Caters to Creative/Tech Pros with Z2 Mini PC Can WALTR 2 Really Be Your iTunes Replacement? Belkin Car Vent Mount for Smartphones: No, This One Works! View All Reviews → America's Smartest Business Leaders Think Trump Is Wrong on Paris Accord Predictions About Apple's WWDC Announcements are Actually Valuable Monday's Apple WWDC Keynote Just Got Even More Exciting How AIs, like Siri, Could Become Our Proxy Shoppers Apple Could Own Device-Centric AI with Custom Chip View All Editorials → Apple Maps Adds 3D View for Apple Park Campus Jeff Gamet @jgamet · +Jeff Gamet Under a minute read May 30th, 2017 3:47 PM EDT | Cool Stuff Found Apple Maps is making it easier to pretend like you’re flying your own drone over Apple Park because now it offers a 3D view of the campus. Just search for “Apple Park” in Maps and do a two-finger swipe up to switch to 3D view. Now you can swipe and twist around to see the structures and landmarks, including the giant ring-shaped main building. It’s not quite the same as actually going there, but it’s still cool to see the campus from the perspective you want. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit More Print Tumblr Tags: 3D, Apple Park, Maps You might also like… Get Free Bitcoins from 23 Faucets That Pay Apple’s Rumored Siri Speaker Targets Sonos, Too The 5 Best Hackintosh Graphics Cards macOS: Disable Video Autoplay in Safari Monday's Apple WWDC Keynote Just Got Even More Exciting 4 Comments Add a comment Andrew_Holleron May 30, 2017 It doesn’t appear that the Maps app for Mac OS has been updated yet. May 30, 2017 at 6:40 EDT PM Hagen May 30, 2017 Maps offers up the same info to both Mac OS and iOS, so you should get the same view across all of your devices. If it’s still flat, try zooming in a bit more. Unfortunately, the update is for the drawn “map” and “transit” views only. The satellite view is still working with mid-construction photos from around June 2016. I presume they’re waiting for the final completion before photographing it again. Also interesting to note that the new buildings across the street at the Cupertino Village shopping center haven’t been added. So I guess there’s still some work to do. May 30, 2017 at 7:43 EDT PM furbies May 30, 2017 In El Capitan & Maps it doesn’t 🙁 May 30, 2017 at 9:30 EDT PM furbies May 30, 2017 Nor in iOS 10.3.2 ;-( Maybe you have to be located in the Good Old US Of A ? May 30, 2017 at 9:32 EDT PM Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials America's Smartest Business Leaders Think Trump Is Wrong on Paris Accord Bryan Chaffin | June 2, 2017 Here's What to Expect at Apple's WWDC 2017 Keynote Jeff Gamet | June 2, 2017 TMO Weekly Sponsor Have a tech question? Visit our Mac Geek Gab Facebook Group and have the tech support brilliance of the entire Mac Geek Gab community at your fingertips! Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $155.45 +2.27 (1.48%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » Foxconn Source Spills Details on iPhone X, Says AR Glasses Likely to be Cancelled Another Company Wants to Heat Your Home with Server Waste Heat OneLogin Customer Data Exposed in Ridiculously Bad Security Breach Nike VaporMax Flyknit Apple Watch Bands Already Sold Out Apple Decks Out McEnry Convention Center for WWDC 2017 Recent Tips See All » Get Free Bitcoins from 21 Faucets That Pay macOS: Disable Video Autoplay in Safari Safari: How to Check for Malicious Extensions How to Set Up iCloud Calendar for Alexa The 5 Best Hackintosh Graphics Cards Recent Editorials See All » America's Smartest Business Leaders Think Trump Is Wrong on Paris Accord Here's What to Expect at Apple's WWDC 2017 Keynote Predictions About Apple's WWDC Announcements are Actually Valuable Monday's Apple WWDC Keynote Just Got Even More Exciting Why Apple's WWDC Event is Even More Important in 2017 17994 Jeff Gamet cool-stuff-found 4 1496159224 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Feed Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising
Skip to main content Menu Order MacBook Pro | iPhone 7 | Mac Pro | Shop: Cheap Wireless Plans Forums Skip to navigation Skip to content iMore Rumors Analysis How To The Best Reviews Deals Newsletter Forums Ask a Question New Posts Trending Discussions iPhone 7 iPhone 7 Plus iPhone 6s iPhone 6s Plus MacBook Pro Apple Watch Series 2 iOS 10 macOS Sierra iPad Pro (12.9-inch) iPad Pro (9.7-inch) Apps & Games Shop HOT ACCESSORY DEAL$ Digital Offers Best sellers New releases Cases and covers Chargers and cables Battery packs Screen Protectors Toggle Search WTF is going on... There's a new iPad launching (but it's not what you think it is...) By Cella Lao Rousseau Tuesday, May 30, 2017 at 12:13 pm EDT 6 Comments WTF is copyright? North Korean company Ryonghung is launching their own version of the iPad called (you guessed it) the iPad. If you've heard rumors of a new iPad launching, I guess you're not technically mistaken. Yes, there is a new iPad coming out, but no, it will not be from Apple. If at this point you're scratching your head and wondering WTF I'm talking about, I'll just refer you to the image below: Okay seriously, what the hell is going on? Apple Insider: A North Korean firm, Ryonghung, has reportedly launched a tablet called the "iPad," seemingly exploiting international trademarks in the knowledge that Apple is unlikely to come knocking. … Wait, this is for real? Yup. How does it work? This low-powered machine comes with a quad-core, 1.2GHz processor, 1GB of RAM, and a measly 8GB of storage. The product claims to have over 40 apps available (including a farming app called Good Doctor 3.0…), though some may have to be loaded via SD card. You can also apparently connect to the internet, though North Korean users will obviously have extremely limited access to the online world. So is this copyright infringement? GIZMODO: Frankly, you've got to give the North Koreans credit for having the gall to rip off the world's richest company, seemingly while giving zero shits. But North Korea has actually made a habit out of stealing Apple's ideas, although this appears to be the first time one of the country's tech companies has straight up lifted a trademarked name… So is Apple going to send its army of lawyers to Pyongyang to defend its trademark? Who knows. Wait, what else has North Korea ripped off from Apple? Well there's Red Star 3.0 which is a blatant OS X ripoff, and then there's their desktop computers and other devices that are essentially iMac knockoffs. Can I buy one of these North Koren iPads anywhere? It's not 100% clear how you'll be able to get your hands on this knockoff version of the iPad, but there will probably be a few that find their way online and into the hands of others eventually. What do you think of Ryonghung's iPad? Is this the funniest thing you've seen in awhile, or do you think this is a blatant breach of copyright and should be taken more seriously? Are you pumped to play Good Doctor 3.0? Let us know what you think in the comments below! Reader comments There's a new iPad launching (but it's not what you think it is...) 6 Comments View All Comments Log In to Comment Register Sort by Date Sort by Rating agarwal.apar Apple can't do a thing about this because North Korea has nuclear missiles!! #justajoke 0 5 days ago Reply cc3d This thing is not even close to as good as an iPad [GUNSHOT]! This is 10 times better than Apple's iPad. 0 5 days ago Reply Hectorius North Korea better thread lightly......you don't want to make Rene upset.....lol #justajoke 0 5 days ago Reply Steve Adams Well considering Jobs ripped off the iPhone name from a company in south America , I don't see the issue. 0 4 days ago Reply DannyJJK If you legally own the name, then it's no issue 0 4 days ago Reply Steve Adams He took the name....not legally owned it. and it classic apple fashion, buried the small company under legal proceedings until they caved and went out of business....A BIG DIFFERENCE than legally owning the name there fanboy. I love my iPhone but that's some shady **** right there. 0 3 days ago Reply Menu Log in or Sign up Search Apple Apps & Games Accessories & Toys Photo & Video Health & Fitness Movies & Music Transport Security Rumors Analysis How To The Best Reviews Deals Newsletter Forums Podcasts Android Central WindowsCentral iMore CrackBerry Connectedly TeslaCentral VRHeads MrMobile Modern Dad About Contact Us Jobs Privacy & Terms Mobile Nations 500M Consumers Reached Yearly Copyright 2017 Mobile Nations Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Careers: Writer | Dev Licensing External Links Disclosure Advertising Partner
null
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR More Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality Business Design All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ Apple Entertainment Tech Apple’s Carpool Karaoke series will debut August 8th New, 8 comments by Jacob Kastrenakes May 30, 2017, 4:22pm EDT share tweet Linkedin Apple has announced the release date for its first — and so far biggest — original series. Carpool Karaoke will debut August 8th on Apple Music, iTunes leader Eddy Cue tweeted out this afternoon. New episodes will debut on Tuesdays and will only be available to Apple Music subscribers. The Apple Music incarnation of Carpool Karaoke will replace regular host James Corden with a series of guest stars, including actors, comedians, and athletes, giving the show an excuse to get even more famous names in the mix. There are going to be 16 episodes, and stars include Will Smith, Alicia Keys, John Legend, Ariana Grande, and Metallica, among many others. Corden will make an appearance, too. Carpool Karaoke was supposed to launch in April but was delayed at the last minute for undisclosed reasons. It’s still not clear what happened; nor is it entirely clear yet what Apple’s broader plans are for original content. Rather than go after Netflix, so far Apple seems more interested in augmenting Apple Music with related content to help it stand out from Spotify. Carpool Karaoke is a natural fit, but we’re about to find out whether its viral appeal holds up when stretched out to TV-show length and locked inside a single service. Next Up In Tech Palmer Luckey is developing new border control technology Alleged Foxconn insiders leaked details about Apple’s forthcoming devices in Reddit thread After acquisition, Pinboard will shutter social bookmarking site Delicious Why did my boyfriend like Emily Ratajkowski's butt on Instagram? X Prize assembled a supergroup of sci-fi authors to develop its next competitions New deals on the Sonos Play:1, Amazon Echo, and more of the week’s best tech sales Now Trending Alleged Foxconn insiders leaked details about Apple’s forthcoming devices in Reddit thread Details on the iPhone 8, AR Glasses, Siri Speaker, MacBook and more Why did my boyfriend like Emily Ratajkowski's butt on Instagram? Or any celeb photos? Command Line Command Line delivers daily updates from the near-future. email address... Subscribe By signing up you agree to our terms of use. This Article has a component height of 3. The sidebar size is short. Loading comments... The Latest Palmer Luckey is developing new border control technology by Rich McCormick 4 comments / new Alleged Foxconn insiders leaked details about Apple’s forthcoming devices in Reddit thread by Andrew Liptak 46 comments / new No, your sunscreen isn't going to kill you by Miriam Nielsen and Kimberly Mas 6 comments / new Wonder Woman has come a long way since this failed 1967 screen test by Kwame Opam 3 comments / new UK prime minister Theresa May calls for internet regulations following London attacks by Andrew Liptak 21 comments / new After acquisition, Pinboard will shutter social bookmarking site Delicious by Andrew Liptak 4 comments / new Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Variety Continue to Variety () SKIP AD Variety Editions: U.S Global Asia Subscribe Today! Navigation Menu Film TV Digital Music Contenders Video Dirt Scene More Biz Legit Jobs Conferences Insight Archives Directory Choose Edition: U.S Global Asia Russia | My Account Sign In Subscribe Home Digital News Apple Music Sets ‘Carpool Karaoke’ Series Premiere Date After Delay Todd Spangler NY Digital Editor @xpangler Share This Article LinkedIn Email Print Talk Courtesy of Apple May 30, 2017 | 01:24PM PT Apple plans to premiere “Carpool Karaoke: The Series,” an original series based on the viral sketch bit from CBS’s “The Late Late Show with James Corden,” on Aug. 8 — four months after the tech giant previously expected. Eddy Cue, Apple’s senior VP of internet software and services, announced the date in a tweet Tuesday. The series will be available to subscribers of Apple Music, the tech giant’s music subscription service regularly priced at $9.99 per month. “Carpool Karaoke: The Series,” produced by CBS Television Studios and Fulwell 73, will feature a unique pairing of celebrities in each episode, such as John Legend with Alicia Keys and Billy Eichner with Metallica. Corden appears in at least two episodes, alongside Will Smith and LeBron James. The trailer for the show shows Corden and Smith in a helicopter for a singalong to R. Kelly’s “I Believe I Can Fly.” Apple Music will debut a new installment of the 16-episode series each Tuesday. Other celebrity pairings will include Miley, Noah, Billy Ray and the entire Cyrus family; Shakira and Trevor Noah; Shaquille O’Neal and WWE star John Cena; “Game of Thrones” stars Sophie Turner and Maisie Williams; Queen Latifah and Jada Pinkett Smith; and John Legend, Alicia Keys and Taraji P. Henson. James Corden and Ben Winston are the creators and executive producers of “Carpool Karaoke: The Series,” along with executive producer Eric Pankowski. “Carpool Karaoke” will continue to be a recurring segment on “The Late Late Show” on CBS. Other original productions set to land on Apple Music include “Planet of the Apps,” a reality-competition series designed to highlight Apple’s App Store business that is being produced by Propagate’s Ben Silverman and Howard Owens. Apple hasn’t yet announced a premiere date for “Planet of the Apps.” Will.i.am, Jessica Alba, Gwyneth Paltrow and tech investor Gary Vaynerchuk serve as executive producers and mentors on the show, in which aspiring app developers vie for a chance to win venture-capital funding. Watch the trailer for “Carpool Karaoke: The Series”: Pictured above: John Legend and Alicia Keys Filed Under: Apple Apple Music Carpool Karaoke Carpool Karaoke: The Series Want to read more articles like this one? SUBSCRIBE TO VARIETY TODAY. Post A Comment 1 Music Katy Perry’s Manchester Outfit Made with Victims’ Photos TV Bill Maher Should Be Fired (Opinion) Film ‘Wonder Woman’ Makes History at the Box Office Dirt Angelina Jolie Buys Cecil B. DeMille’s Estate at Record Price Variety Jobs Creative Development Coordinator Triptyk Studios, New York, New York Account/Project Coordinator (Ad Agency) Petrol Advertising, Burbank, California Media Specialist Bridgewater Associates, Westport, Connecticut Executive Director, Aspen Film Company Confidential, Aspen, Colorado Associate Director, YouTuber & Gamer Partnerships Save the Children, Fairfield, Connecticut See More Jobs Marketplace Leave a Reply 1 Comment Cancel reply Comments are moderated. They may be edited for clarity and reprinting in whole or in part in Variety publications. Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Bird says: May 30, 2017 at 2:46 pm John Legend is such a little idiot. Reply More Digital News from Variety The Power of Content Get That Red Carpet Glow With These Plant-Based Beauty… 'The Leftovers' Finale: Damon Lindelof & Justin Theroux On What… Pippa Middleton's Chic Australian Honeymoon Sandals Are Now On… Fear TWD Showrunner Breaks Down [Spoiler]'s 'Inevitable' Demise… 'Silicon Valley' Review: Richard and Jared Tap Into Their Darker… Subscribe to Variety Today! All The Ways to Get Variety Online Subscription Print Subscription Mobile Apps Newsletters News Alerts Archives Slanguage Dictionary Help Other Variety Products Media: Variety 411 Research & Data: Variety Insight Archives Premium Email Alerts Real Estate Jobs Access the best entertainment industry data available View the Variety archives dating back to 1905 Get News Delivered To Your Inbox Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights Terms of Use About Us Advertise Contact Us Google+ The Power of Content Deadline india.com Hollywoodlife TV Line GOLDDERBY WWD Footwearnews © Copyright 2017 Variety Media, LLC, a subsidiary of Penske Business Media, LLC. Variety and the Flying V logos are trademarks of Variety Media, LLC. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Variety411: Your production services resource ad
