National World Business Tech Sport Entertainment Life & Style Travel Motoring Profile Settings Sign Out technology Search Digital Living Gadgets Games Social Networking Apps Apple and Google apps can organise your photos ANICK JESDANUN Last updated 12:32, November 10 2016 Apple and Google are both applying a form of artificial intelligence called "machine learning'' to organise your pictures and video. If you're like many people, you have thousands of photos on your phone, long forgotten after you've posted a few on Instagram or Facebook. They don't have to stay forgotten. Apple and Google are both applying a form of artificial intelligence called "machine learning'' to organise your pictures and video - and along the way, help you rediscover last year's holiday, dinner with close friends and a casual summer outing to the park. Apple's tools are part of last month's iOS 10 system update for iPhones and iPads. The Google Photos app for Apple and Android devices has a digital assistant to automatically organise these memories - and Google has signalled that it will only get smarter.  Here's a look at how they take you down memory lane: APPLE'S MEMORIES Apple's new Memories feature automatically generates video highlights around a theme, such as a trip or birthday party. Individual photos and snippets from video are chosen for you, as is the music, though you can change it to reflect a different mood. This isn't just a slideshow. There's slow zooming and panning, reminiscent of Ken Burns historical documentaries. Some of the photos also come to life, at least on newer iPhones that automatically take three seconds of video with every photo. When you're ready to share, the app creates a standard movie file - so it works on Windows and Android devices, too. Apple offers up to three new Memories a day. You can create more based on photos you add to an album and generate new automated ones by scrolling down to "Related". You can also add or delete images within Memories - in my experience, a few included mundane screenshots I had to get rid of. Nothing will ever replace the human touch. But let's face it, even though I keep meaning to organise my photos, I never find the time. The machine-generated selections aren't necessarily ones I'd choose myself, but with a small amount of tweaking, they're presentable and will tide me over until I get around to catching up manually ... someday. Ad Feedback GOOGLE'S ASSISTANT Google Photos has been at this longer and offers more types of packages. With collages, Google combines smaller versions of several shots into one layout. Animations combine a bunch of photos taken in succession so that they resemble as a moving image. Unlike typical "GIF'' animation files, Google applies its magic to align successive shots, so buildings and bridges look steady - without the shake common with handheld video. Google also offers albums and video highlights, though without the Ken Burns effect. Google's Assistant generates much of this for you automatically. You can edit auto-generated albums and video highlights, but not collages or animation - although you can create your own from scratch. (That does defeat the purpose of letting the robots do the work, though.) Sharing is easy and doesn't require recipients to have Google Photos. The results vary in quality. I tend to take several shots of the same subject, just in case some are blurry. Yet I get collages and animations out of those repetitive shots. The albums and video highlights I got are grouped by location and date, though Google says it will be doing more with themes , such as following a kid growing up. Most of my computer-generated creations are animations and collages. As with Apple, Google's choices aren't necessarily ones I'd make, if only I had the time. But some are good enough that I look forward to alerts for new ones to check out. I also enjoyed a feature called "Rediscover this day". Google will automatically create collages from shots taken on a day, say, two years ago.  SEARCHING Apple and Google are both getting better at image recognition. Apple's version tends to be more conservative. While Apple found four photos in a search for fireworks, Google found dozens. Google also found more photos with hats, though one was actually a strange hairdo and a few were of a headband. Then again, Apple thought an illustration of a hut was a hat. Google is also bolder with face recognition. Its technology is smart enough to recognise the same child at 2 months and 6 years, while Apple often separates the same child into multiple identities (you can merge them, and things will be fine after that). Google has an edge over Apple in part because it taps its powerful servers to process photos. Apple leaves all the machine thinking to your device as a privacy measure. But Apple says it also favours being right more than complete to reduce the work people need to do to fix things. STORAGE To free up space, both services will automatically clear photos from your phone after uploading them to the internet, once you activate the option. You still have a lower-resolution version on the device and can get the sharper image anytime, as long as you're online. Google Photos offers unlimited online storage of photos at up to 16MP and videos at 1080p high definition - good enough for most people. It will compress larger photos, or you can store the original and have it count toward your Google Drive limit, which starts at 15GB for free. Apple's iCloud Photo Library requires paying once you exceed 5GB, which is enough for a few thousand photos.  - AP Saved|Saved Stories Saved|Saved Stories Save|Saved Stories Save|Saved Stories Next Apps story: Drowning in a sea of messaging apps Technology Homepage technology headlines Twitter to thwart cyber-bullying Live: 7.5 New Zealand quake Sleeping woman burnt by iPhone PS4 Pro: Hands on review An optimist on the future of energy Consumer drone market slumps Review: Watch Dogs 2 Where did you go Kendall? Singularity U: the disruption will take your job Review: Google's VR headset Reddit's plan to beat Facebook 412m dating accounts hacked Are ear buds bad for you? Quake panic laughed off Spain's plot to end memes Ad Feedback Most popular Viewed Shared Commented Live: 7.5 New Zealand earthquake Earthquake: More cows stranded on an outcrop of land after three saved Earthquake: International flotilla and aircraft drafted in to help with humanitarian relief in Kaikoura A warning to expect the worst Photos: Widespread damage after large earthquake hits NZ Second Wellington building cracks after magnitude 7.5 quake Sydney woman tossed 80 metres after being hit by NZ driver, court learns Earthquake: If it struck at a different time, it could have been "much worse" Region experienced a 'millennial change': Kaikoura Mayor Serious concerns over stability of building in central Wellington Photos: Widespread damage after large earthquake hits NZ Earthquake: International flotilla and aircraft drafted in to help with humanitarian relief in Kaikoura Australian woman burnt by charging iPhone 7 as she slept Wellington-Christchurch ferry link considered as SH1 quake repairs cause freight chaos Earthquake: More cows stranded on an outcrop of land after three saved Region experienced a 'millennial change': Kaikoura Mayor Divers and volunteers band together to save stranded shellfish and sea life Major Morrinsville residential development releases new housing sections Stranded Kaikoura tourists overwhelmed by generosity as helicopters fly evacuees out Ben Ryan reveals $35 million Super Rugby plan to secure Fiji's place on rugby map special offers Ad Feedback National World Business Technology Sport Entertainment Life & Style Travel Motoring Stuff.co.nz About Us | Contact Us | View Mobile Site Subscribe Text | Follow us on Facebook and Twitter | Newspapers | Magazine subscriptions | RSS - Top Stories Services Stuff Fibre | Newspapers in Education | A-Z Directories | Online Advertising | Print Advertising | Careers Classifieds Death Notices | Celebrations | Trade Me | Jobs | Property | Motors | Accommodation | Personals | Newspaper Classifieds Newspapers Dominion Post | The Press | Waikato Times | Auckland Now | Sunday News | Sunday Star-Times   Marlborough Express | Manawatu Standard | Nelson Mail | Southland Times | Taranaki Daily News | Timaru Herald Other Sites Essential Mums | Cuisine | NZ House & Garden | NZ Fishing News | NZ Life & Leisure | NZ Gardener | Fairfax Archives Breaking news? Send us your photos, videos and tip-offs: Emailnewstips@stuff.co.nz Phone0800 697 8833 © 2016 Fairfax New Zealand Limited Privacy | Terms and Conditions
To enjoy our website, you'll need to enable JavaScript in your web browser. Please click here to learn how. Tuesday November 15, 2016 US WORLD PERSECUTION MINISTRY CULTURE VIDEO Subscriptions Homepage CULTURE iPad Mini 5 release date, news: Will it be launched under the iPad Pro line? Jessica Ferrera 10 November, 2016 11:06 PM Like Us Share on Facebook Share on Twitter (Reuters/Robert Galbraith)Apple's senior vice president of Worldwide Product Marketing, Phil Schiller, presents iPad line back in 2014 at Cupertino, California. Apple has not spared any detail whether or not the iPad Mini 5 will still be a thing in future. However, there are speculations that suggest iPad Mini 5 could be launched under the iPad Pro line as the iPad Pro Mini. According to PC Advisor, there is a possibility that the iPad Mini 5 (or iPad Mini Pro) could be revealed in March 2017 along with the iPad Pro 2 refresh. It can be remembered that in the recent MacBook Pro 2016 reveal, Apple has capitalized mainly on the Pro line while not launching anything major for the line of MacBook Air. The same report weighed in on the possibilities whether the iPad Mini 5 will turn out to be a new addition to the Pro line. It said that a 7.9-inch tablet could be a little bit too small to effectively enjoy the productivity-focused features of the upcoming tablet. Regardless if it will be iPad Mini 5 or iPad Pro Mini, there have already been several rumors about its specifications. For starters, it is highly possible that the upcoming 7.9-inch tablet will be released with the newest iOS 10 just like the iPhone 7 did last September. One of the most anticipated features for the 7.9-inch tablet refresh is the inclusion of 3D Touch, a technology developed by Apple that enables its screen to determine different pressure levels of touch and attribute them to specific functions. Just like what Apple did with iPhone 7, it is highly possible that the next iPad Mini will ditch the 16 GB standard model and start with a bigger built-in storage of 32 GB. And being under the same category with iPhone 7 as Apple's main mobile device product, it is highly possible that the iPad Mini refresh will experience the same major tweak that takes away the 3.5-millimeter headphone jack from the design. Despite these specific speculations, Apple has not yet given any clue about its plans for any iPad product. So, it's best to take all these with a pinch of salt. Like Us on Facebook Most Viewed Franklin Graham believes Donald Trump is a 'changed man' from time of lewd comments ISIS 'dislocates' families by transferring newborns and virgin girls to Islamist families, says Catholic priest Over 75 percent of Christians in North Korea do not survive persecution, defectors say New film 'Under Caesar's Sword' highlights persecuted Christians' resilience Thousands of disillusioned Muslims in Mosul expected to turn to Christ for healing Christian mother wants Tennessee school to remove history textbook over Islamic propaganda promotion Christian bakers in gay cake row to elevate case to highest U.K. court after losing appeal Texas priest investigated for posting Facebook video of aborted fetus Indian government to take up bill to amend 150-year-old Christian divorce law Latest Articles Muslim attacks against Christians in Egypt increasing post-Arab Spring Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade 2016 targeted by ISIS for lone-wolf attack Iraqi Christians shed tears upon return to ISIS-destroyed parish in Keramlis Will Donald Trump overturn gay marriage? President-elect says gay marriage debate already 'settled' Prayers still needed for 3 Christians released on bail from Iran prison Indonesian police arrest 5 suspects in deadly church attack Thousands of disillusioned Muslims in Mosul expected to turn to Christ for healing Inside Christian Daily Thousands of disillusioned Muslims in Mosul expected to turn to Christ for healing Christian mother wants Tennessee school to remove history textbook over Islamic propaganda promotion Over 75 percent of Christians in North Korea do not survive persecution, defectors say New film 'Under Caesar's Sword' highlights persecuted Christians' resilience Texas priest investigated for posting Facebook video of aborted fetus Copyright © 2016 Christian Daily. All Rights Reserved. About Us | Privacy Policy Christian Daily is a Christian Media Corporation Company
To enjoy our website, you'll need to enable JavaScript in your web browser. Please click here to learn how. Entertainment home uk world church society life entertainment comment video gracevine Subscribe to eNewsletter 'The World Has Failed To Protect Us': Assyrian Christians Despair As ISIS Destroys Ancient Pyramid ... Archbishop Of Canterbury: British Values Are Christian, Whether You Believe Or Not Anti-Muslim Hate Crime Has Soared In The US Yazidis Persecuted By ISIS Now Abandoned By UK Asylum Scheme Hundreds Of Trafficked Children Go Missing in Britain Each Year Christian BBC Presenter Dan Walker On His Faith And Why He Won't Work Sundays 'They Beat My Husband As We Pleaded For Them To Stop': New Film Highlights Persecution Of ... Faith Is A Force For Good, Says UK Top Politician Sajid Javid Why Have Tensions Increased Between Christians And Muslims In Nigeria? Iraqi Christians May Not Return To Shattered Villages Till Next Summer iPad Pro 2 release date news, specs updates: Tablet set to arrive early 2017 Pia Llameg 12 November 2016 Email Print More Sharing Services Share Tweet The new Apple iPad Pro is displayed during an Apple media event in San Francisco, California, Sept. 9, 2015.REUTERS/Beck Diefenbach Sponsored Watch Your Favorite Christian Films, 24/7. Click Here To Start Your Free Trial Today Cupertino tech giant Apple recently held an event where they introduced their latest MacBooks and iMacs, but unfortunately, there was no mention of the highly-awaited iPad Pro 2 that was rumoured to be launched at the same event. Because of this, recent speculations suggest that the new Apple tablet might be launched in early 2017 instead. Apple recently unveiled their latest MacBook Pro at their recent event, and the newest entry in Apple's line of powerful laptops had innovative features — including a new OLED touch panel — that has left many Apple fans in awe. However, fans who were aiming to get information regarding the iPad Pro 2 were left disappointed as the device was not mentioned at the event. Recent speculations suggest that the delay of the iPad Pro 2's launch was due to hardware manufacturing issues since Apple plans to create a powerful successor to the iPad Pro. Unfortunately, the right hardware for the device is still unavailable. Furthermore, recent speculations suggest that the tech giant will be releasing three variants of the iPad Pro 2 in 2017. Apple will be launching a new 9.7-inch base model, a medium sized 10.5-inch model, and a large 12.9-inch iPad Pro 2. Rumors also suggest that the 10.5-inch iPad Pro 2 and it's larger 12.9-inch variant will have a powerful A10X processor, while its smaller 9.7-inch variant will have a less powerful A9X processor. It is also speculated that because of Apple's choice of processors, the iPad Pro 2 launch will be delayed until 2017 since chip manufacturers still haven't moved down to 10nm. As of now there is still no official news as to what the iPad Pro 2's features, specs, and hardware will be. There's also no official news about the Apple tablet's official release. However, rumors highly suggest that the Apple tablet will be launched in the first quarter of 2017. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Pin it 3 Things That Build a Compelling Vision for Your Life Christian Mom From Tennessee Wants History Textbook Removed From Schools for Promoting Islamic Propaganda Tweet Email More News in Entertainment Christian BBC Presenter Dan Walker On His Faith And Why He Won't Work Sundays Christian broadcaster Dan Walker has confessed he has been offered top jobs that would involve working on Sundays, but turned them down. Christian Singer Lacey Sturm Recalls Emotional Affair With a Married Man, Divorce, and How She Found Healing It's not easy baring one's past mistakes, but former FlyLeaf frontwoman Lacey Sturm did so in her memoir "The Mystery: Finding Love in a World of Broken Lovers." RECOMMENDED STORIES 'They Beat My Husband As We Pleaded For Them To Stop': New Film Highlights Persecution Of Christians Around The World Don't Panic, The Supermoon Doesn't Signal The End Of The World What Is A Story About Rape And Murder Doing In The Bible? Are You A People-Pleaser Or A God-Pleaser? Have You Got 20/20 Spiritual Vision? Franklin Graham: 'Donald Trump Is A Changed Man. I Trust Him' Evangelicals Won The Election Battle, But They May Have Lost The War Leonard Cohen Obituary: The Life And Faith Of A Musical Legend The Temple In Jerusalem: What Does It Teach Us About Jesus? AROUND THE WORLD US Catholic Bishops Elect New Leader 'The World Has Failed To Protect Us': Assyrian Christians Despair As ISIS Destroys Ancient Pyramid In Iraq Christianity Growing in Indonesia Despite Burning of Churches By Islamist Extremists Assyrian Christians Tell Trump: Help Us Defend Our Homes and Lands From ISIS 'They Beat My Husband As We Pleaded For Them To Stop': New Film Highlights Persecution Of Christians Around The World Why Have Tensions Increased Between Christians And Muslims In Nigeria? Get the Christian news that matters straight to your inbox! No thanks / I subscribed already Most popular Christian Blogger Glennon Doyle Melton Comes Out As Gay, Reveals She's Dating Soccer Star Abby Wambach Why Trump's Election Made Me Want To Stop Calling Myself A Christian Row Over Release Of Gay Clergy List 5 Signs That You Have a Healthy Relationship God's Sovereignty Doesn't Mean He Controls Everything, And Here's Why Don't Panic, The Supermoon Doesn't Signal The End Of The World 'Holy Water' Seeping From Feet of Jesus Christ Statue in Mumbai; Some Residents Call It a 'Miracle' MORE ON CHRISTIAN TODAY The Light Between Oceans: Why It Left Me In Pieces Why Bill Johnson's Defence Of Trump Is A Masterclass In Missing The Point Trump May Soon Be In The White House, But God Is On The Throne 5 Signs That You Have a Healthy Relationship home uk world church society life entertainment comment video gracevine Christian Today home uk world church society life entertainment comment video gracevine Christian Today is a Christian Media Corporation Company Copyright © 2016 Christian Today. All Rights Reserved. About Us Contact Us Advertising Terms & Conditions Edition: Intl UK X
To enjoy our website, you'll need to enable JavaScript in your web browser. Please click here to learn how. Ecumenical News ecunews.com Home U.S. world Church Culture Belief Humanitarian Analysis Lifestyle Middle East Christians Europe's refugee crisis Venezuela Impasse Climate Change Education in South Africa Nov 15, 2016, Updated at 13:04 PM EST Home Lifestyle iPad Mini 5 rumors: Device to arrive in March 2017, will be the last mini-tablet from Apple Vincent Alocada |Thursday, November 10 2016 Like Us Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Pin it (Apple Official)Shown in the picture is the iPad Mini 4. Rumor has it that the iPad Mini 5 will be released in March next year. After it was thought that Apple would release the latest iPad Mini at its event late last month, the latest in the rumor mill is that the Cupertino-based company will release the mini tablet in March next year. Although, some people already expected that the Apple event last Oct. 27 would serve as a venue for the launch of the MacBook Pro 2016, there were some hoping that the iPad Mini 5 would share the spotlight with the released device in the same event. However, the event commenced and concluded sans even the mere mention of the iPad Mini 5. According to reports, the mini tablet will break the tradition of getting released between the months of October and November. While Apple has yet to release an official statement, the latest buzz online is that the company will release the iPad Mini 5 this March 2017. Apart from the rumors claiming that the iPad Mini 5 will come out in March next year, it is also alleged that the upcoming device will come with specs and features similar to those in the iPad Pro 2. As Apple is expected to be ready with its iOS 11 next year, it is also suspected that the iPad Mini will be one of the first Apple devices to come with the said operating system. Because Apple has already gotten rid of the 3.5-mm headphone jack beginning with its iPhone 7, it is, likewise, alleged that the company will introduce such a change to its upcoming devices, including the iPad Mini 5. If this turns out to be true, the iPad Mini will come with a USB Type-C port, too. However, it is also rumored that the upcoming iPad Mini 5 will be the last for Apple's mini iPad line as, allegedly, the technology brand will replace its current nomenclature with something else and categorize it under its iPad Pro line. Without any official word from Apple at this point in time, though, everything said about the iPad Mini 5 — good or bad — must be taken with a grain of salt. Copyright © 2016 Ecumenical News Like Us Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Pin it RECOMMENDED Ukrainian conflict East Europe's worst crisis since World War 2, says archbishop S. African priest who resisted witchcraft on path to Catholic sainthood First black presiding bishop installed at Episcopal Church USA Churches unite in call for United States to confront racism Pentecostal Church in Chile celebrates Christian unity at ecumenical service News from Lifestyle Surface Pro 5 rumors: Device to come out next year, will challenge iPad Pro 2 Microsoft Surface Pro 5 release date, specs news: New design expected for the latest version Samsung Galaxy Note 8 release date, specs news: New device rumored to be released first quarter of 2017 Nexus 7 rumors: Google to release the tablet before 2016 ends, to maintain Nexus as the device's name iOS 10 jailbreak news: Chinese team develops own version of jailbreak as Pangu keeps mum on the tool Most Popular Venezuela government and opposition clinch small deals in Vatican-backed dialogue Faith groups intensify climate justice call as skeptic Trump chooses environment head Trump can thank evangelicals for his election say Christian and secular analysts UK government aides see traditional Christians as extremists, says Archbishop of Canterbury UK government aides see traditional Christians as extremists, says Archbishop of Canterbury UK cardinal visits Gaza to offer support to tiny Christian minority Pope Francis speaks out against the politics of fear before US election Tweets by @EcumenicalNews Ecumenical News ©2016 All rights resesrved About Us Contact Us Advertising Terms of Service Privacy Policy X
M Tuesday, Nov 15 2016 | Updated at 12:59 PM EST Stay Connected With Us F T R Opinion Academics Students Special Reports Sports Finance Tech Career College Video Nov 10, 2016 10:44 PM EST By Anita Valencia, UniversityHerald Reporter Apple Black Friday Deals 2016: iPad Pro Gets $100 Price Cut - Check iPhone, MacBook and More Product Discounts! [VIDEO] Target, Walmart and Best Buy are bringing on iPhone, MacBook, and iPad with the best deals (Photo : Qimono/Pixabay) Target, Walmart and Best Buy and other retail stores are bringing on iPhone, MacBook and iPad with the best deals. Here's what you need to know to find the best price for Apple devices.  Apple Black Friday Deals 2016: Best Buy On Thanksgiving, Best Buy will have its door opened at 5 pm. As officially mentioned, the store will slash the prices of iPad Pro, MacBook Air, iMac and iPhone 7. Starting off with the 9.7-inch iPad Pro, Best Buy offers the tablet $125 off. The MacBook Air variant gets $200 discount for selected models, MacRumors reported. Other than that, Best Buy offers gift card for iPhone 7 purchase and $160 cheaper iPhone SE with $10 installment each month. Anyone looking for iMac can get it for $900 as it will be getting $200 off, while the 27-inch Retina 5K iMac will be sold for $1,599.99. Apple Watch series 1 at Best Buy will be sold $50 cheaper on Black Friday. Apple Black Friday Deals 2016: Target Target is making Apple products more affordable on Black Friday as buyers get $126 discount for iPad Air 2 variants and $70 off for iPad Mini 2. As for the iPad Pro variant, customers can get it for $499 from its original price $600. For those who plan to buy Apple TV, Target is offering 25 percent discount for every purchase. The Apple Watch gets price cut and will be sold at $198, according to PCMag. The store offers iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus for free with selected network plan: Sprint, Verizon, and AT&T. Target has also listed Xbox One deals ahead of Black Friday. Find out here. Apple Black Friday Deals 2016: Walmart Walmart will sell iPhone 5s at a much affordable price $99. For other iPhone variants, customers can receive $250 gift card. The retail store will also offer iPad Mini 2 at $199. Stay tuned for more updates on Black Friday deals 2016! Tags apple black friday deals 2016, black friday deals 2016, macbook black friday deals, Target, walmart, Best Buy © 2016 University Herald, All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission. You May Like These KAERSI K1 Desktop Tablet Stand: Charging Cradle, Display Dock for 4 to 13 inch All Smartphone, Tablets and E-reader, iPhone, iPad - Gray $12.99 More offers Shop Now Apple iPad Mini MD528LL/A (16GB, Wi-Fi, Black & Slate) $249.00 More offers Shop Now Apple iPhone 5s Unlocked Cellphone, 16 GB, Space Gray $284.99 More offers Shop Now iPad Pro 9.7 Case, LK [Stand Feature] Luxury 360 Degree Rotating Magnetic Smart Cover [Wake & Sleep Function] PU Leather Protective Case For Apple iPad Pro 9.7 Inch + Stylus (Black) $10.99 More offers Shop Now Apple iPad mini MD529LL/A (32GB, Wi-Fi, Black) $264.98 More offers Shop Now Related Articles Black Friday Deals 2016: Xbox One, Xbox One Elite Prices Slashed; Check Out Game ... Redmi Note 3, Galaxy J7 (2016) Specs, Photos, Speedtest: Compare Two Most-Favori ... iPad Air Last Series, iPad Pro New Models Release Date Still on Track; Limited V ... New Sony Xperia to Ship with 4K Display, 4 GB RAM and More; Launch at CES 2017 [ ... iPad Air Is Nothing But iPad Mini Bigger Version? iPad Air 3 More Likely To Impr ... Must Read College Students, It's Good To Always Be The Designated Driver Nov 14, 2016 AM ESTAs a designated driver, you not only save your life -- you save others' as well. ... Warning to Facebook Users: The Most Popular Health News Spreading in the Social Media are the Most Misleading Ones Nov 14, 2016 AM ESTFacebook users are warned about sharing and believing the health news spreading around because not all of them are accurate, particularly the ones ... Christina Aguilera Teaches Vocals Through MasterClass Nov 14, 2016 AM ESTFind out Christina Aguilera’s secrets to success as an artist. ... The Millennials and Gen Z: Setting the Record Straight Nov 13, 2016 AM ESTConfused like the rest of us? Here are some key differences that will help us understand once and for all. ... Most Popular AMD Zen: What Is Known About It So Far; Release Rumors in Early 2017 [Video] Nov 14, 2016 AM ESTIntel has long dominated the processor wars over the years, but it seems like AMD is not about ready to play second fiddle with its upcoming AMD Zen, ... ‘Final Fantasy XV’ News & Updates: How to Download FFXV Demo Disc with English Version on PS4, Xbox One? [VIDEO] Nov 13, 2016 AM EST“Final Fantasy XV” demo disc called “Judgment Disc” was released in Japan yesterday and everyone was surprised upon learning about the PS4 Pro ... Elon Musk And SpaceX May Make It Possible To Escape Donald Trump's Presidency Nov 15, 2016 AM ESTElon Musk thinks that Donald Trump is "not the right guy." ... Nvidia GeForce GTX 1080 Ti NEWS: [RUMORS} Price, Spec: January Release Date Confirmed? [Video] Nov 14, 2016 AM ESTNvidia's GeForce GTX 1080 Ti, Nvidia's beast of a graphics card, is rumored to be released at next year's CES 2017. ... CONFIRMED: Samsung Will Release Galaxy Note 8, Galaxy S8 with EDGE Variants in 2017; Galaxy S8 Plus is Unexpected! [VIDEO] Nov 12, 2016 AM ESTIt seems like Samsung would like to prove something in 2017 with the three new flagships where model numbers recently leaked. Galaxy Note 8, Galaxy S8 ... ‘Pokemon GO’ Updates: Second Generation Pokemon Released Before U.S. Thanksgiving Celebration? [RUMORS] Nov 15, 2016 AM ESTThe huge success gathered by the commenced “Pokemon GO” Halloween Event signifies that the augmented reality game is still a hit among netizens. ... Microsoft Surface Phones 2017: Three New Size Variants with Features Like Samsung Galaxy S8, Apple iPhone 8 are Expected! [VIDEO] Nov 13, 2016 PM ESTMicrosoft is ready to take on rivals in 2017 as the windows-maker company is reportedly making a comeback to smartphone industry with their newest ... Elon Musk And Steve Jobs Story Shed Light On What Students Should Do About Their Weaknesses Nov 14, 2016 AM ESTIs it better to focus on your strengths or on your weaknesses? ... How the Effects of Stress Vary between Girls and Boys According to a Stanford University Study Nov 14, 2016 PM ESTAccording to a Stanford University, girls and boys experience distinctly varying effects of stress which require different approaches to treatment. ... ‘One Punch Man' Season 2 Release Date: Set in 2017; Saitama Is the New Villain? [VIDEO] Nov 14, 2016 PM ESTMurata Yusuke, the creator of the anime series, has already announced on his Twitter account that he will work hard so that the series will get a new ... Get Our FREE Newsletters Stay Connected With Us F T R About Us Privacy Policy Terms of Service Contact Us Copyright © 2016 UNIVERSITY HERALD All rights reserved. Use of this Web site constitutes acceptance of our Terms and Conditions of Use and Privacy Policy.
x PhoneArena is hiring! Reviewer in the USA PhoneArena Search Login Register Home Phones Carriers Verizon AT&T Sprint T-Mobile View all Manufacturers Samsung Sony LG Apple Motorola Microsoft HTC BlackBerry View all Phone tools Phone finder New phones Popular phones Compare phones Size compare Best phones Camera comparison Benchmarks Tablets Carriers Verizon AT&T Sprint T-Mobile Manufacturers Apple Samsung Asus Amazon Tablet tools Tablet finder New tablets Popular tablets Compare tablets News Reviews Videos Tip us Home Phones Carriers Verizon AT&T Sprint T-Mobile more ... Brands Samsung LG Motorola HTC Sony Apple Microsoft BlackBerry more ... Tablets Carriers Verizon AT&T Sprint T-Mobile more ... Brands Samsung Motorola HTC LG BlackBerry Apple Nokia more ... News Reviews Videos Tip us Tools Phone Finder Compare phones Size compare Camera comparison Best phones Discussions Benchmarks Show menu Home › News › Target Black Friday deals include savings on the Apple iPad Pro, Apple Watch, Apple iPhone 7 and more Target Black Friday deals include savings on the Apple iPad Pro, Apple Watch, Apple iPhone 7 and more Posted: 10 Nov 2016, 09:16, by Alan F. Tags : iOS-iOS+ Apple-Apple+ Tablets-Tablets+ Deals-Deals+ Target has posted its Black Friday circular which includes several deals on Apple products. First, some information on Target's Black Friday sales. Starting today through November 24th, there is an Early Access Black Friday both in stores and online. That is followed with additional Black Friday sales starting at 6pm on Thanksgiving Day. During the regular Black Friday sale, Target is discounting the Apple iPad Pro 9.7-inch model by $150.99. You will be able to save $129.99 on the Apple iPad Air 2, and $70.20 on the Apple iPad mini 2. The Beats Solo2 wireless headphones will be priced at $180 off  (Regularly $299.99), and Target plans on taking $65 off the price of the Beats Tour 2.5 in-ear headphones (Regularly $129.99). The Apple Watch Series 1 smartwatch will start at $198 for savings up to $71.99. Series 2 models will start at $369.99. As for the Apple iPhone 7 and Apple iPhone 7 Plus, Target will give well qualified buyers a $250 Target gift card with the purchase of either handset. Buyers will pay $0 down, making installment payments in accordance to the EIP offered by their carrier. Target is offering the phones locked to Verizon, AT&T and Sprint. According to Target's circular, these deals will be available from November 24th to November 26th. To check out Target's Black Friday deals, click on the sourcelink. source: Target via MacRumors Share Tweet Share Verizon launches Ellipsis 8 HD tablet with Snapdragon 617 CPU, Marshmallow 10 Nov Prev news Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 VR up for grabs at T-Mobile for $469.99 10 Nov Next news Close newer posts HTC Bolt leaks out in live image with full Sprint retail box, likely coming 10 Nov The Galaxy X foldable phone still in flux at Samsung, tip insiders, due 10 Nov You can now buy a gold-plated 'Trump iPhone' from the same company that 10 Nov Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 VR up for grabs at T-Mobile for $469.99 10 Nov Now reading: Target Black Friday deals include savings on the Apple iPad Pro, Apple Watch, Apple iPhone 7 and more Target Black Friday deals include savings on the Apple iPad Pro, Apple 10 Nov Verizon launches Ellipsis 8 HD tablet with Snapdragon 617 CPU, Marshmallow 10 Nov OnePlus X update OxygenOS 3.14 based on Marshmallow brings November security 10 Nov Google's Docs, Sheets, and Slides get updated with a focus on notifications 10 Nov Rome: Total War makes its debut on iOS, but only iPads can run it 10 Nov Samsung working on its own fingerprint scanners, rumors suggest 10 Nov older posts Related phones Apple iPhone 7 Apple iPhone 7 Plus Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad Pro 9.7-inch Apple iPad Air 2 Related News   Pregnant woman falls asleep on her Apple iPhone 7 and ends up with second degree burns   Analyst Ming-Chi Kuo believes iPhone 7 demand has peaked, predicts yearly sales decline   Shortages of Apple iPhone 7 Plus and Google Pixel XL to negatively impact smartphone sales in Q4   Jet White iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus coming soon?   20 of the best cases for the iPhone 7   New ad shows off the Apple iPhone 7 and 7 Plus' stereo speakers and ability to resist water 3 Comments Follow Following Options Close Always view all comments Show comments: default hide low rated show moderated comments Display mode: Threaded Chronological Newest first Save posted on 10 Nov 2016, 09:17 0 Reply 1. kiko007 (Posts: 2957; Member since: 17 Feb 2016) Nice...... posted on 10 Nov 2016, 10:10 0 Reply 3. NarutoKage14 (Posts: 386; Member since: 31 Aug 2016) The problem is these black Friday deals are usually only for the limited amount of stock that they put in the cases. Ones those are gone it's over unless the employee is willing to grab another for you from the stock room. * Some comments have been hidden, because they don't meet the discussions rules. view all comments Want to comment? Please login or register. Show menu Home › News › Target Black Friday deals include savings on the Apple iPad Pro, Apple Watch, Apple iPhone 7 and more Target Black Friday deals include savings on the Apple iPad Pro, Apple Watch, Apple iPhone 7 and more Popular stories Last week Last 2 days Most commented   OnePlus Pixel spotted on Geekbench   Rumored specs for the OnePlus 4 surface again: dual cameras, 4000mAh battery and up to 8GB of RAM   The upcoming OnePlus 3T: 5 expected new features that will set it apart from the regular OnePlus 3   The OnePlus 3T may very well be the first phone to come equipped with 8GB of RAM 1 2 3 4 Recent Articles How to shoot RAW photos with your compatible iOS 10-running iPhone iPhone 7 vs HTC 10: speaker comparison Can I emulate the iPhone 7 Plus' Portrait mode with an app? Let's check it out: iPhone 7 Plus vs FabFocus 1 2 3 4 Hot Phones Apple iPhone 7 9.3 Review HTC 10 9 Review Samsung Galaxy S7 9 Review LG G5 8.3 Review Apple iPhone 7 Plus 9.3 Review Samsung Galaxy Note 7 8.7 Review Google Pixel XL 9 Review Sony Xperia XZ 7 Review Latest stories   1 2 Interesting stories Apple with three new iPads in March, including a bezel-less 10.9-inch model How to shoot RAW photos with your iPhone Best Chinese Android smartphones How to get most Pixel-exclusive features on other Android phones Samsung stops all sales and production of Galaxy Note 7 Best smartphones you can buy right now: (October-November 2016) Apple iPhone 7 Review 22 tips and tricks for the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus: make the most of out of your device Home Manufacturers Carriers News Reviews Discussions Videos PhoneArena network: CDN services by: Affiliates: Cell phone accessories, Cell Phone Accessories, PubGalaxy About Us . Advertise . Contact Us . Database Licensing . Links . Jobs All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2016 phoneArena.com. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy . Terms of use . Cookies . Team View mobile version  
iDownloadBlog Home Jailbreak How to Jailbreak Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Cydia Unlock How to Unlock Unlock News iPhone iPhone News iPhone 6s iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6 iPhone Photography iPad iPad News iPad Air iPad mini Watch Apple Watch Guide Mac Mac Mac Apps Mac Tips TV Apple TV guide Apps iOS Apps Mac Apps Widgets Best Apps App Finder Tips Tips How to Tutorial iPhone Photography Download Deals Daily Deals: $40 off RAVPower battery pack, $270 off 13-inch MacBook Pro,... Black Friday Mac Bundle: 9 top-rated apps available at 94% off today... 7 USB-C cables you might need for your new MacBook Pro How to try out the new MacBook Pro Touch Bar on any...   skip to main content skip to main menu     Tim Cook calls for unity in a memo to troops issued after 2016 presidential election By Christian Zibreg, Nov 10, 2016 Tweet 44 Comments Following an extremely divisive 2016 presidential election in which Donald Trump scored an upset victory over former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, Apple’s boss Tim Cook issued a company-wide email to all employees, a copy of which was obtained by BuzzFeed’s John Paczkowski. In the memo, Cook urges employees to reach out to colleagues “if they are feeling anxious” about the election results and underscored that Apple celebrates the diversity of its employees regardless of “what they look like, where they come from, how they worship or who they love.” Earlier this year, in the middle of the Apple-FBI fight, Trump suggested that customers boycott Apple products because they’re produced overseas and due to Apple’s tough stance on user security and encryption. Here’s Cook’s memo to troops in full: Team, I’ve heard from many of you today about the presidential election. In a political contest where the candidates were so different and each received a similar number of popular votes, it’s inevitable that the aftermath leaves many of you with strong feelings. We have a very diverse team of employees, including supporters of each of the candidates. Regardless of which candidate each of us supported as individuals, the only way to move forward is to move forward together. I recall something Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. said 50 years ago: “If you can’t fly, then run. If you can’t run, then walk. If you can’t walk, then crawl, but whatever you do you have to keep moving forward.” This advice is timeless, and a reminder that we only do great work and improve the world by moving forward. While there is discussion today about uncertainties ahead, you can be confident that Apple’s North Star hasn’t changed. Our products connect people everywhere, and they provide the tools for our customers to do great things to improve their lives and the world at large. Our company is open to all, and we celebrate the diversity of our team here in the United States and around the world —regardless of what they look like, where they come from, how they worship or who they love. I’ve always looked at Apple as one big family and I encourage you to reach out to your co-workers if they are feeling anxious. Let’s move forward —together! Best, Tim Due to Trump’s comments on minorities, women and immigrants, Apple is said to have withheld money and support from the Republican National Convention. What did you think of Cook’s message? Source: BuzzFeed Share: Tweet Follow: Follow @iDownloadBlog We Recommend Tim Cook was included in the list of potential VP candidates for Clinton campaign The government of Ireland will back Apple in its fight against EU’s tax bill from hell Here’s Tim Cook’s message to Apple community regarding massive Irish tax bill Tim Cook resumes charm offensive in China, confirms Asia-Pacific R&D center Related Topics Apple, Corporate, Politics, Tim Cook OWashe That’s nice Rowan09 Stop the protesting for a useless cause. President Elect Trump will be president and just give the guy a chance. burge So you didn’t read what was put then. Nothing was said about not giving him a chance this post was all about Tim Cook and what he has said to Apple employees. Rowan09 I know, but I’m making the statement for anyone protesting for a useless cause. People are taking the relevance out of protesting now-a-days. Plus the underlying tone is all about President Elect Donald Trump. burge You was the 2nd to post so at that point no one had said anything at all about their opinions of Donald Trump. And this thread is not about people’s opinions of Donald Trump it’s about Tim Cook’s email to employees of Apple. Bugs Bunnay Lol rowan is just taking it one step ahead because eventually someone will say it Rowan09 Exactly and I’m just upset people protesting and even going as far to say they hope he’s assassinated. burge But no one was protesting when you posted, you jumped the gun and started it yourself. Rowan09 You have to read between the lines. Do you think Tim Cook would have sent this same email if Hillary Clinton won? The media needs to stop this nonsense they are creating chaos. I was watching the news and now they say ISIS is celebrating President Elect Trump’s victory. I mean someone called them to confirm they are happy. Come on man this guy is going to be the president so people need to deal with it, he won fair and square. burge And as we can see the point of the post has gone out of the window and it’s moved on to others opinions of what has happened. The point of post has been sidelined. Rowan09 No this all “unity” call is nothing than what’s going on right now. It’s definitely about President Elect Trump winning. burge But the thread is not about who won what it’s about Tim Cook’s email to Apple employees. The subject matter of that email has become the hot topic and that’s not what this thread is about. It should be about what Tim Cook has said not what Donald Trump has said or done. ( read above) Rowan09 I understand but here’s the issue. This email was sent after President Elect Trump’s victory, so it’s easy to put things together and assume he would not have sent this email if Hillary won. burge sorry to say but you can not say that, how do you know what someone else would or would not do. Yes the email “might” of been different but you can not say Tim Cook wouldn’t of sent an email. Rowan09 I’m speaking of sending an email of “unity”. He supported Hillary Clinton. burge Sorry I’m responding to your first comment. The one where you say “Stop the protesting for a useless cause. President Elect Trump will be president and just give the guy a chance.” No one was protesting anything at the time. You started it with that comment thinking it was about making a protest because of what has happen. There was no protest. You have taken your own view on this and applied that view when nothing was about protesting about Donald Trump been elected. The thread is as about an email and what was said in that email. No one was protesting in the email and nothing was said about protesting because of what’s happened. So now I have to ask did you actually read what was said and actually understood what was said in both this thread and the email that Tim Cook sent ? No one made any protest in this article or the email that Tim Cook sent. And yet your first reply was to say “stop protesting” Who protested ? Because I still don’t know. Rowan09 I made that statement because of what was going on in the news and on the streets. It can be easily implied that Tim Cook is writing to Apple employees to calm them from the protests and issues surrounding the new President Elect, hence me making that statement. burge So your first comment in reply to the post but just to say give him ( Donald Trump ) a chance. So infact your reply was not a comment in reply to the post but a reply to as you say it what s now going on in the streets/news. So on that did you notice that no one had made any protest in the article written about ? Your reply has nothing todo with the article. Your telling people to calm down but no one was getting in to end sort of rage. Don’t forget that this site is not just for the USA. I’m in the UK and your reply had no merit whatsoever to do with the article written above. Chris I think it speaks wonders about the type of culture you want to have for your employees, I share this same culture at my workplace and it does wonders when you have such a diverse group of people with various different opinions. Mark S Yeah Tim, we’ll I’ve had “strong feelings” about the last 8 years of a horrible administration gutting this country of morals and values and claiming tolerance and diversity only when it suits them. YaBoyLilMayo And what about all the damage bush did that Obama fixed? Ur delusional Bugs Bunnay Problem, reaction, solution. Obama is in on it. This game is now totally flipped around because trump isn’t part of the establishment. Rowan09 I’m a democrat didn’t vote for him only because of his stance on sending law abiding illegal immigrants back and stop and frisk in NY. I think law abiding illegal immigrants should be fined and helped towards citizenship, but illegal criminals should be sent back home. I’m not mad Hillary Clinton lost because I didn’t agree with any of her views, just couldn’t vote Trump for those 2 reasons I stated above. President Obama is a part of why Hillary Clinton lost as well because you thought he was more love than he really was. Bugs Bunnay It’s been stated multiple times in his rallies that illegal criminals are his targets and not the peaceful, freedom loving illegals. They kill someone, get kicked out and they come right back in. Guess what, if it’s your daughter that got raped and murdered this time by that criminal illegal then you got no one else to blame, but yourself. Hillary on the other hand wants to make them all a citizen without background checks, without checking what people coming in might have like, tuberculosis, etc. This is serious and people need to wake up. PhoneTechJay Obama was just picking the lesser of two evils, same as everyone else. No one really wanted Hillary but she was the only choice we had other than Donald.. Rowan09 He wasn’t , he was just supporting his party line. American politics is very interesting. I’m natively from Jamaica and it’s totally different. PNP and JLP don’t hang out with each other, like democrats and republicans. PhoneTechJay That is still the same thing with different words, there was no-one else to chose from. Had Bernie of gotten to the same point he would’ve done it as well.. Rowan09 President Obama didn’t care who it was as long as it was a democrat. PhoneTechJay That is what I am saying, My own tidbit was that she was the lesser of the two evils. Both reasons are true. Rowan09 I understand, but I don’t think that’s necessarily true. Hillary Clinton didn’t say anything I agree with, but Donald Trump did say some things I agreed with. PhoneTechJay They both have things I agreed with, but I’m crazy and shouldn’t be president, neither should either of them.. Rowan09 Lol. Bernie should have been the guy. Bugs Bunnay it’s a shame where people get their “info” from. *cough mainstream media aka controlled media* It’s time to drain the swamp! Rowan09 Exactly n0ahcruz3 I find it funny when people said they’re moving to other countries Rowan09 They are not moving anywhere. This is the land of capitalism where those same people are filthy rich. Most of those people do nothing for society, but yet complaining. Those with the power to do something mostly do nothing and those with the power to do little, do the most work. M_thoroughbred The thing that we have to remember is that we the people are the power. We need to realise that this government works for us not the other way around. When The People are divided they are easier to govern. Rowan09 Been saying that for years, we are the government and hire governing officials to represent us. Rowan09 Ok. Can you please tell me how disagreeing with your way of life is always deemed homophobic? I understand if someone says bring harm to people with different views, but simply having a different view is deemed homophobic. If I believe someone that tells lies is wrong am I some “lierphobic”. We need to respect our differences and difference in opinions. I can’t even have a conversion without someone being offended anymore. President Elect Donald Trump wants to fix immigration like every other president and he is a republican so they are all for traditional marriage. There is nothing to be scared about because the system will always keep the system going. The Supreme Court who is suppose to interpret law passed a law for making gay “marriage” legal and that’s not their job. No need to worry, this is bigger than one person. dudeimmexican I’m latino and my girlfriend is black, we aint fearing anything and there’s plenty of others who the categorized list who aren’t afraid. Too much bs Bugs Bunnay You know what I’m proud idb did not bash trump with their articles. You go on over to the verge and you see articles upon articles of cry babies. What’s worse is they’ve disabled the comments section. Thumbs up for you guys. Rowan09 I agree I’m having a discussion and they didn’t block my comments, even though I didn’t see any reason they should. Bugs Bunnay XD Anonon Amous I certainly understand why Cook sent this memo to all his employees. Just read the replies here. Some people joyously ridiculing others. Where is the compassion? That’s the whole point. What Cook is saying is everyone should be helping each other, not ridiculing them or calling them names. I suspect anyone at Apple who feels emboldened to pick on anyone for any reason will soon find themselves looking for work elsewhere.   Search Connect with iDownloadBlog Facebook Become a fan RSS Get the latest news YouTube Watch Us Twitter Stay up to date Newsletter News delivered to you Google+ Add us to your circle   The most recent headlines Super Mario Run is coming to iPhone and iPad on December 15 WhatsApp rolls out end-to-end encrypted video calling Pixelmator for Mac gains Touch Bar and P3 color support, tabs, full Sierra compatibility & more Apple unveils hardbound photo book chronicling 20 years of product designs Try out the new Touch Bar on any Mac with Touché   The latest jailbreak news Jailbreak tweaks of the week: EmojiSuggest, PasswordRecovery, & more… EmojiSuggest brings iOS 10-like emoji suggestions to the predictive keyboard WiJoin lets you know what Wi-Fi network you’re connected to PasswordRecovery stores passwords and recovers them when you forget them NCTextColor lets you add vibrancy to Notification Center iDownloadBlog           iDownloadblog.com About About Advertise Contact Keep in Touch Twitter Facebook RSS Feed Newsletter Push Notifications Podcasts Let's Talk iOS Let's Talk Jailbreak Site Stuff Disclosure Privacy Policy   Copyright iDownloadBlog 2016. This website is not affiliated with Apple.
null
16November2016 iTWire Subscribe to Newsletter Sponsored Announcements Service Advertise Login Sign Up Home Sponsored Announcements Your Tech Entertainment Home Tech Wi-Fi Mobility Apps Internet of Things Business Networking Open Source Security Business Telecommunications Enterprise Solutions Print Solutions Hardware Storage & Cloud Storage Business Software Cloud Big Data Data Centres Colocation BYOD Outsourcing Accounting Software Business Intelligence Industry Deals Resellers Cloud Accounting Enterprise Cloud Virtualisation Development Telecoms & NBN Manufacturing Technology Web Hosting ICT Sustainability Strategy Listed Tech Market Application Performance CRM People Recruitment Consulting Training People Moves CIO Trends Enterprise Staff IT Contracting Government Government Tech Policy Technology Regulation Technology Tenders Local Government Science Energy Climate Health Biology Automotive Space Reviews Computers Entertainment Smartphone & Mobile Devices Software Networking Peripherals Games Vendors Cloud Computing Industrial IT Data Centre Optimisation Business Telecoms Business Intelligence Enterprise Profiler Cloud Services Recruitment Feature Gadgets Opinion Apexing the Linux learning curve ShrinkAge The Big House Fuzzy Logic Seeking Nerdvana Open Sauce A Meaningful Look Transit Business Intelligence Blog ShawThing Core Dump Whiskey Tango Foxtrot The Linux Distillery UNI-verse Radioactive IT Cornered! Beerfiles ICT Energy and Sustainability The Wired CIO C Level Jobs Events Skip to content Home − Sponsored Announcements Your Tech − Browse News − − Entertainment − − Home Tech − − Wi-Fi − − Mobility − − Apps − − Internet of Things Business − Browse News − − Networking − − Open Source − − Security − − Business Telecommunications − − Enterprise Solutions − − Print Solutions − − Hardware − − Storage & Cloud Storage − − Business Software − − Cloud − − Big Data − − Data Centres − − Colocation − − BYOD − − Outsourcing − − Accounting Software − − Business Intelligence − Latest News in Business IT Industry − Browse News − − Deals − − Resellers − − Cloud Accounting − − Enterprise Cloud − − Virtualisation − − Development − − Telecoms & NBN − − Manufacturing Technology − − Web Hosting − − ICT Sustainability − − Strategy − − Listed Tech − − Market − − Application Performance − − CRM − Latest Industry News People − Browse News − − Recruitment − − Consulting − − Training − − People Moves − − CIO Trends − − Enterprise Staff − − IT Contracting − Latest News Government − BROWSE NEWS − − Government Tech Policy − − Technology Regulation − − Technology Tenders − − Local Government − Latest Policy News Science − Browse News − − Energy − − Climate − − Health − − Biology − − Automotive − − Space − Latest Science News Reviews − Browse − − Computers − − Entertainment − − Smartphone & Mobile Devices − − Software − − Networking − − Peripherals − − Games − Latest Reviews Vendors − Browse − − Cloud Computing − − Industrial IT − − Data Centre Optimisation − − Business Telecoms − − Business Intelligence − − Enterprise − − Profiler − − Cloud Services − − Recruitment Feature − − Gadgets Opinion − Browse − − Apexing the Linux learning curve − − ShrinkAge − − The Big House − − Fuzzy Logic − − Seeking Nerdvana − − Open Sauce − − A Meaningful Look − − Transit − − Business Intelligence Blog − − ShawThing − Browse − − Core Dump − − Whiskey Tango Foxtrot − − The Linux Distillery − − UNI-verse − − Radioactive IT − − Cornered! − − Beerfiles − − ICT Energy and Sustainability − − The Wired CIO − − C Level Jobs Events Browse Home Apps Fake shopping apps emptying Apple Wallets this season Skip to content Fake shopping apps emptying Apple Wallets this season 11 November 2016 Written by  Ray Shaw Published in Apps Twitter Fake shopping apps have surfaced in Apple’s App Store. These apps look legitimate and even use legitimate payment systems to empty your e-wallet. As BrandingBrand.com (BB) stated, “Apple we have a problem.” To Apple’s credit, it is removing fake apps as fast the New York Times and Post expose them, but it is reacting, not proacting as these apps don’t contain malware or other nasties – they just take your money and never deliver the goods. Why is Apple being targeted? iPhone users are easy marks for premium goods and Apple's vetting is not as good as it could be. BB says there has been a surge of fake apps parading around as real retailers and ruining the reputation that brands have established. Even worse, some developers are using Apple Search Ads to promote the dodgy shopping apps. According to Branding Brand Index (BBI), 2 in 3 retailers don’t have an iOS or Android app, leaving plenty of opportunities for others to represent them in the app stores. Fake apps have included hundreds of brands such as New Balance, Nike, Pandora, UGG, Coach, Converse, Louis Vuitton, and many others. Most of these have come from China. Where Google Play has tightened up, and the occurrence of “spammy” apps has reduced, these apps have simply moved to iOS. iOS allows adware that pops up unwanted advertisements and Apple cannot stop that either as it is key to the whole advertising eco-system. In the case of brands that do have shopping apps, the fake apps are made to mimic the real one — and sport voluminous merchandise pages, selector wheels for size and colour, and sophisticated checkout forms that can themselves spot fake addresses and credit-card data. Thousands to tens of thousands of unsuspecting shoppers have downloaded fake apps and unwittingly sent the cyber criminals their details and payment thinking they are making a real purchase. According to the New York Post Apple was approached for comment and the usually very helpful – not – officials would not comment. However, Apple did comment to the New York Times a few days ago. Apple spokesman, Tom Neumayr stated, “We strive to offer customers the best experience possible, and we take their security very seriously. We’ve set up ways for customers and developers to flag fraudulent or suspicious apps, which we promptly investigate to ensure the App Store is safe and secure. We’ve removed these offending apps and will continue to be vigilant about looking for apps that might put our users at risk.” In September, Apple also embarked on a campaign to review all two million apps in the App Store and remove “apps that no longer function as intended, don’t follow current review guidelines or are outdated.” The company says that a significant number of apps have been removed and that the review is continuing. But despite Apple’s efforts, new fake apps appear every day. In some cases, developers change the content of an app after it has been approved by Apple’s monitors. In other instances, the counterfeiters change their names and credentials, and resubmit similar apps after one round of fakes is discovered. BB CEO said Chris Mason, said, “This is the first year we’re seeing this kind of proliferation with Apple, and the brands are losing the game of Whack-a-Mole. It is vital that brands monitor how their brand is being used.”       HOW TO OFFER 4G TO YOUR CUSTOMERS Download an information pack to learn more about how you can offer competitive 4G plans to your customers. > everything you need to operate your own 4G telco > support for you and your customers > billing, back-end and full compliance. DOWNLOAD NOW! HOW TOP MANAGERS MOTIVATE, ENERGISE EMPLOYEES Download an in-depth guide to managing a healthy, motivated and energetic workforce without breaking the bank. DOWNLOAD NOW! Tagged under Apple App Store Fake shopping apps Branding Brands Ray Shaw Ray Shaw Ray Shaw ray@im.com.au  has a passion for IT ever since building his first computer in 1980. He is a qualified journalist, hosted a consumer IT based radio program on ABC radio for 10 years, has developed world leading software for the events industry and is smart enough to no longer own a retail computer store! Latest from Ray Shaw Trend Micro opens new ANZ HQ in Sydney It's got a backbeat, you can't lose it, any old time you use it Accenture - new breed of clients for its new breed of services Sony PlayStation 4 teardown – console wars are not over Related items Trend Micro opens new ANZ HQ in Sydney Accenture - new breed of clients for its new breed of services China threatens tit-for-tat if Trump acts on trade Sony PlayStation 4 teardown – console wars are not over More in this category: « Shopping apps should be renamed snooping apps Internet freedoms being curbed, says new study » Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. back to top Loading Follow Us    Username Password Secret Key Remember Me Forgot your password? Forgot your username? Create an account Latest News Sponsored News Telstra launches smart home hub, apps and devices Telecoms & NBN 16 November 2016 Telstra has launched its Smart Home range of products including… Dotz Nano makes ASX debut, seals S$20 million research centre deal with NTU Singapore Listed Tech 15 November 2016 Nano-technology company, Dotz Nano, debuted on the ASX on Tuesday… Kantar: Flagship models boost postpaid customer base for Optus Telecoms & NBN 15 November 2016 Kantars latest data for the telco carrier share barometer in… University of Nottingham Malaysia Campus gets a pro Bro with Ruckus Open Source 15 November 2016 Brocade, the company that acquired Ruckus Wireless, and which is… Foxtel: HBO renews Westworld, Divorce and Insecure for second seasons Entertainment 15 November 2016 Purveyors of fine televisual programming, HBO, have confirmed ‘second seasons… Why?! Qantas delays in-flight Wi-Fi across entire domestic fleet until 2018 Mobility 15 November 2016 Despite promising the roll-out of in-flight Wi-Fi from ‘early 2017,’… Trend Micro opens new ANZ HQ in Sydney Security 15 November 2016 As the cyberwar heats up, more cyber-security vendors are finding… Two senior appointments at Veriluma People Moves 15 November 2016 Analytics software provider Veriluma has appointed appointments of Mark Carrick… It's got a backbeat, you can't lose it, any old time you use it Entertainment 15 November 2016 Plantronics has just released updated versions of the BackBeat Fit… Nvidia and Microsoft put Tesla GPUs in Azure cloud Cloud 15 November 2016 Microsoft and Nvidia have teamed up to push AI on… Which JavaScript Framework is Best for You? A JavaScript framework has become one of the preferred backbones… Influential Futurist H.B. Siegel (Pixar/ILM/Amazon) Comes to Sydney H.B. Siegel’s current job title of Principal Investigator might sound… Analytics vendor Yellowfin to enable infographics and beautiful dashboards with 7.3 launch Global Business Intelligence (BI) and analytics software vendor, Yellowfin, has… Mobileum acquired by Audax Private Equity Leading telco and big data analytics company Mobileum has been… Yellowfin to reveal advanced data visualization capabilities during Yellowfin 7.3 launch Global Business Intelligence (BI) and analytics software vendor, Yellowfin, is… How SD-WAN segmentation cuts network complexity By Graham Schultz, Sales Director Australia and New Zealand, Silver… Simplifying Disaster Recovery in a Complex World By Nicki Pereira, CTO Zettagrid In a digital world where… Business Intelligence vendor Yellowfin to unveil Data Preparation Module Global Business Intelligence (BI) and analytics software vendor, Yellowfin, is… Sri Lanka Growing as Sourcing Destination for Australian Business Gold Coast, Australia, 26 October 2016: The Information and Communication… ZETTAGRID CLOUD CONNECT REPLICATION POWERED BY VEEAM IS A FIRST FOR AUSTRALIA SYDNEY, 25 October 2016 – Zettagrid today announces the launch… Reviews Movers Miracast Wireless Display adapter (review) Mac or Windows notebook/USB charger (review) Review: Titanfall 2 Single Player – this is a dev… Google Pixel XL - good but it could be great (revi… Hello Moto – Moto Z and Moto Mods (review and quas… Panasonic Viera DX900U, 65” 4K Ultra TV (review) Bose reinvents the sound bar (review) Blu-ray review: Independence Day: Resurgence Bioshock: The Collection – a remastered return to … Game Review: WRC 6 Prev Next Two senior appointments at Veriluma Dr Charlie Day appointed as OISA CEO Where there is a Willis, there is a way Verizon beefs up Asia Pacific enterprise business … Rolls-Royce exec joins Inmarsat as COO QPC expands its Sunshine State office Telstra digital chief now Tyro top man Qualtrics nabs Microsoft veteran as COO Eaton announces trio of appointments to 'power' gr… Tibco tasks Churches to lead Prev Next Latest Comments Most Commented   Popular Threads Home Latest News Your IT Business IT IT Industry UPDATE MAGAZINE Whitepapers IT People Government RSS Services Sponsored Announcements Self Posting JobswireGurus IT Jobs Daily Update Company About Contact Advertising Specs Advertise NOW Privacy Sitemap Community ITWeets Gallery Login Cloud Hosting by Digital Pacific         Connect FacebookTwitter Top Powered By T3 Framework Join the iTWire Community and be part of the latest news, invites to exclusive events, whitepapers and educational materials and oppertunities. Why do I want to receive this daily update? The latest features from iTWire Free whitepaper downloads Industry opportunities First Name Last Name Email
DT Digital Trends DT Digital Trends Product Reviews Phones TVs Laptops Cars Games Tablets Headphones Cameras Desktops Speakers Appliances Wearables More Reviews News Mobile Computing Home Theater Gaming Cars Photography Home Movies & TV Music Wearables Cool Tech Health & Fitness Business More News Features Now Boarding Road Rave The Audiophile Weekly Rewind Awesome Tech Weekend Workshop Trends with Benefits More Features Douglas Rushkoff David Weinberger Patrick Norton More Opinions Videos Deals Shop Giveaways Best Of Everything DT Español The Manual More Advertise About Us Contact Us Corrections Privacy Policy Terms of Use Careers Send Us Your News Tip DT Español The Manual Best Smartphones and Cell Phones Best TVs Best Headphones Best Cameras Best Laptops Best Desktop PCs Best Tablets Best Cars RSS DT Newsletter Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Instagram Pinterest YouTube Home > Apple > Despite complaints, initial sales of Apple's… Despite complaints, initial sales of Apple's 2016 MacBook Pro have been incredibly brisk By Mark Coppock — November 9, 2016 10:07 AM Don't Fall Behind Stay current with a recap of today's Tech News from Digital Trends In spite of a chorus of complaints around the lack of real innovation in its recent MacBook Pro release, Apple is still enjoying brisk sales of the new machines. In fact, the new MacBook Pro is outselling a number of competitive notebooks on the market, including Apple’s own 12-inch MacBook, according to Slice Intelligence. The data is most impressive because it’s based on just five days of sales for the 2016 MacBook Pro. In that brief span, the MacBook Pro generated 78 percent of the revenues that the diminutive MacBook has generated since its introduction on April 10, 2015. Generally speaking, the new MacBook Pro has already generated more revenue than any other notebook in 2016. More: How Intel’s Ultrabook initiative challenged the MacBook Air — and won Compared to the competition, the 2016 MacBook Pro has generated more revenue in its first five days than a number of competitive machines have since they were introduced. This includes Microsoft’s Surface Book, the Asus Chromebook Flip, Dell’s Inspiron 2-in-1, and the Lenovo Yoga 900. Slice Intelligence These results are particularly important for Apple’s long-term success, as Slice Intelligence points out. In the two years since the previous MacBook Pro refresh in 2014, fully 40 percent of Apple’s notebook customers moved on to other vendors. Dell and Asus were the biggest beneficiaries, with each gaining roughly 7 percent of Apple’s customers. Slice Intelligence While seeming like very good news for Apple, it’s entirely possible that these significant sales gains represent pent-up demand for new MacBook Pro hardware. The Windows 10 notebook ecosystem hasn’t been standing still, and time will tell if Apple can maintain these sales levels against excellent alternatives like Dell’s popular XPS 13 and the new thin and light — and more affordable — 2-in-1 convertible machines from HP, Lenovo, and others. Slice Intelligence gathers its data from 4.4 million online shoppers, so it doesn’t track all sales from every channel. Therefore, there’s room for interpretation of this data, although a general conclusion has to be that, at least initially, Apple is enjoying some renewed vigor when it comes to selling MacOS hardware. If the MacBook Pro is still selling at these levels in six months or so, then we can mark this as a tremendous success. Otherwise, it’s possible that Apple’s perceived lack of innovation could end up costing it even more customers as the market continues to move forward around it. Also watch: Apple OS X El Capitan – Hands On Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Thanks for checking out our new design, please let us know if you have feedback SFist is a website about San Francisco View Pretty | Blog Arts & Entertainment Food News Popular Advertising Contact Newsletter RSS Feed Staff Our Cities Chicago London Los Angeles New York City San Francisco Shanghai Toronto Washington DC Apple CEO Tim Cook Tries To Reassure Upset Employees Following Trump Win by Jack Morse in News on Nov 10, 2016 3:15 pm Photo by Stephen Lam via Getty. As Silicon Valley continues to freak out at the national tragedy that is Donald Trump's election, Apple CEO Tim Cook took a moment yesterday to reassure his employees that despite the bigotry and hate that is now our country's official modus operandi, Apple itself will remain a place that welcomes all — regardless of race, country of origin, or sexual orientation. BuzzFeed picked up the letter, written by one of America's most prominent gay CEOs, and it is a stark reminder that an industry historically dependent on skilled foreign workers is going to have some tough years ahead. "I’ve heard from many of you today about the presidential election," the letter reads. "In a political contest where the candidates were so different and each received a similar number of popular votes, it’s inevitable that the aftermath leaves many of you with strong feelings." And those strong feelings were likely shared by Cook himself. As we noted in June, Apple's decision to not sponsor the Republican Party's Cleveland nominating convention likely signified that Cook did not support Trump. However, perhaps demonstrating a bit of business savvy that looks alternatively smart and craven in retrospect, he did then hold a fundraiser for GOP House Majority Leader Paul Ryan — a decision heavily criticized by Congresswoman Nancy Pelosi. Regardless of how Cook personally voted at the top of the ticket or down ballot, it is safe to assume that many of his employees are shocked to the core by the election of an alleged sexual predator who has threatened to deport millions of people. "While there is discussion today about uncertainties ahead, you can be confident that Apple’s North Star hasn’t changed," Cook's letter continued. "Our products connect people everywhere, and they provide the tools for our customers to do great things to improve their lives and the world at large. Our company is open to all, and we celebrate the diversity of our team here in the United States and around the world — regardless of what they look like, where they come from, how they worship or who they love." With that message of inclusion, Cook has once again put himself at odds with the president-elect. We hope it's not the last time. Related: Apple Won't Give Computers Or Donations To GOP Convention, As It Traditionally Does, Because Trump Contact the author of this article or email tips@sfist.com with further questions, comments or tips. apple donald trump election 2016 silicon valley tech sector tim cook Other Interesting Stories Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.   © 2003-2016 Gothamist LLC. All rights reserved. Terms of Use & Privacy Policy.
TechnoBuffalo Site Navigation Content All News Reviews Videos Galleries Products Giveaways Sections Menu Left Mobile Tablets Gaming Apps Accessories Computers Gadgets Internet Menu Right Business Cameras Cars Design Home & TV Lifestyle Software Science Series Ask The Buffalo Buffalo Gear Guess the Phone Rettinger’s Riffs Rumor Roundup The TechnoBuffalo Show TechnoBuffalo Plays More The Crew About Us News Tips In the News Work at TechnoBuffalo Advertise With Us Facebook Google+ Instagram Pinterest RSS Tumblr Twitter YouTube Scrolling Enable Endless Scrolling Disable Endless Scrolling Share Tweet +1 Submit Front Page /Headphones / Headsets/Gallery Headphones / Headsets Apple reveals Beats Red Solo3 headphones and Pill+ in (Product) Red By Danny Zepeda | November 10, 2016 Share Stay Connected with Us! Follow TechnoBuffalo Apple and (Product) Red go back a long way. From iPods to iPhone cases, Apple has made it a regular habit of including a (Product) Red color option for most of its devices, and it is continuing the tradition with some of its Beats products. The Beast Solo3 wireless headphones and Pill+ Bluetooth speaker will soon be available in what Apple is calling Citrus Red color option. It’s more of a bright red, similar to what is available for the iPhone silicone and leather cases. These colors are arriving just in time for Christmas. These are the same Solo3 headphones that also come with the Apple’s new W1 chip, which will make connecting them to your iPhone that much easier. The Solo3 headphones will retail for $299.95 while the Pill+ will cost $229.95. Apple didn’t relay a release date for the (Product) Red options, just stating they’ll be “coming soon.” Apple also announced the Beats Solo3 and urBeats earphones in Ultra Violet. It’s softer and less vibrant than the (Product) Red and looks pretty nice. If you are starting to plan out your Christmas shopping list, these new options might be good for people who prefer a bit of color. Source Mac Rumors Via Apple Topics #Apple #Apple #Beats Danny Zepeda Danny’s interest in writing began with tech, which influenced his career path in college. After graduating from Vanguard University, he began to write for Screen Rant until he joined the… Read More Our Crew | About Us | Contact Us © 2016 TechnoBuffalo LLC. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms of Use
Skip to navigation Skip to content Subscribe to the FT Sign In Subscribe Menu Search Financial Times myFT Search the FT Search Close Home World Sections World Home World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa Most Read Britain and France snub EU’s emergency Trump meeting UK faces Brexit bill of up to €60bn as Brussels toughens stance China revives ‘comrade’ in drive for Communist party discipline UK lacks Brexit plan, says leaked memo Latino groups argue Trump’s immigration stance close to Obama’s US Sections US Home US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies US Election 2016 Most Read Britain and France snub EU’s emergency Trump meeting Latino groups argue Trump’s immigration stance close to Obama’s Trump appointment of Bannon raises ‘white nationalist’ fears Global bond sell-off deepens in Trump growth bet Obama reassures Nato on US commitment Companies Sections Companies Home Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Most Read Facebook and Google to restrict ads on fake news sites Warren Buffett invests $1.2bn in US airlines New Europe 100 — changemakers in central and eastern Europe Investment bank cuts in Asia belie long-term ambitions Lego split with Daily Mail puts pressure on other groups Markets Sections Markets Home fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Most Read Global bond sell-off deepens in Trump growth bet Losing euro-denominated clearing would cost London 83,000 jobs Buy dollars is the sudden Trump-era consensus trade Sharp fall in new London office building, survey shows Trump policy effect energises dollar as government bonds sink Opinion Sections Opinion Home Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Most Read Donald Trump, Vladimir Putin and the art of a deal with Russia Stephen Bannon’s rise marks the triumph of the alt-right Liberal self-flagellation always assumes a bleak future My quest for cash in Modi’s India The UK’s foreign policy dilemma after Trump Work & Careers Sections Work & Careers Home Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Most Read Skip the empathy, Mr Schultz, and focus on the coffee Can business schools propel women to the C-suite? The dire signal Apprentice Trump sends to bosses Battling for influence — Hu Xijin, editor-in-chief, Global Times Spain’s business schools best for entrepreneurs, FT data show Life & Arts Sections Life & Arts Home House & Home Books Food & Drink Travel Style Arts FT Magazine Most Read Milan, Italy’s most business-focused city, looks to rival London US against the world? Trump’s America and the new global order The $88m student digs: homebuying for children of the super-rich Lunch with the FT: novelist Zadie Smith Brexit: a coup by one set of public schoolboys against another Menu Search Home World US Companies Markets Opinion Work & Careers Life & Arts Financial Times Search the FT Search Close Subscribe to FT.com Subscribe to read: Google fires back in Android clash with Brussels Already a subscriber? Sign in here Newspaper + Premium Digital $ 11.77 per week * Select All the benefits of Premium Digital, plus: Free delivery to your home or office, Monday to Saturday FT Weekend - a stimulating blend of news and lifestyle Premium Digital $ 9.75 per week * Select All the benefits of Standard Digital, plus: Unlimited access to all content Instant Insights column for comment and analysis as news unfolds FT Confidential Research - in-depth China and Southeast Asia analysis ePaper - the digital replica of the printed newspaper Full access to LEX - our agenda setting daily commentary Exclusive emails, including a weekly email from our Editor, Lionel Barber Full access to EM Squared- news and analysis service on emerging markets Standard Digital Limited Time Offer $ 4.79 per week * Select Access to FT award winning news on desktop, mobile and tablet Personalised email briefings by industry, journalist or sector Portfolio tools to help manage your investments FastFT - market-moving news and views, 24 hours a day Brexit Briefing - Your essential guide to the impact of the UK-EU split Premium Digital Trial $ 1.00 for 4 weeks * Select For 4 weeks receive unlimited Premium digital access to the FT's trusted, award-winning business news * Terms and conditions apply Other subscription options Corporate Newspaper Only Weekend App Edition Welcome to the new FT.com. The same global insight. Faster than ever before on all your devices. View tips Feedback Support Open in app Open in app Feedback Help Centre About Us Legal & Privacy Terms & Conditions Privacy Cookies Copyright Services Conferences & Events Individual Subscriptions Group Subscriptions Republishing Contracts & Tenders Analysts Research Executive Job Search Advertise with the FT Follow the FT on Twitter Ebooks Tools Portfolio ePaper Alerts Hub Lexicon MBA Rankings Economic Calendar News feed Newsletters Currency Converter Press Cuttings More from the FT Group Markets data delayed by at least 15 minutes. © THE FINANCIAL TIMES LTD . FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. The Financial Times and its journalism are subject to a self-regulation regime under the FT Editorial Code of Practice. Financial Times Close International Edition UK Edition Search the FT Search Top sections Home Show more World links World World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa Show more US links US US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies US Election 2016 Show more Companies links Companies Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Show more Markets links Markets fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Show more Opinion links Opinion Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Show more Work & Careers links Work & Careers Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Show more Life & Arts links Life & Arts House & Home Books Food & Drink Travel Style Arts FT Magazine Show more Personal Finance links Personal Finance Property & Mortgages Investments Pensions Tax Banking & Savings Special Reports Science & Environment FT recommends Lex Alphaville EM Squared Lunch with the FT Video Podcasts Blogs News feed Newsletters myFT Portfolio ePaper Crossword Help Centre Subscribe Sign In Return to the old FT.com Open in app Open in app
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Why Netflix Won't Be Part of Apple's New TV App It's all about control. Adam Levy (adamlevy) Nov 10, 2016 at 5:18PM Image source: Apple. The new TV app from Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) is a great content aggregator. It collects all of the various video content consumers have access to through iTunes downloads, stand-alone streaming services, and on-demand streaming services that use pay-TV credentials. But there are a couple of major omissions: Netflix (NASDAQ:NFLX) and Amazon.com (NASDAQ:AMZN). Those omissions have led many people to criticize the app, since at least 50 million Americans watch some of their television through Netflix or Amazon Prime Instant Video. That severely limits Apple's new app in its ability to find and recommend the best content for each user. What's more, it's unlikely Netflix will ever sign on. Netflix gets a lot of value out of controlling its user experience The big issue with Apple's TV app, from Netflix's standpoint, is that it cedes control of the user experience to Apple. That could be good for stand-alone networks and online pay-TV streaming portals, which generally have poor user interfaces and low adoption. But for Netflix, which has a quality user interface and strong adoption, it's unnecessary and even detrimental to its business. Most egregiously, Apple would take over the content recommendation from Netflix, something Netflix relies on to improve watch time and churn. Earlier this year, Netflix published a paper claiming its recommendation engine saves the company $1 billion per year. "When produced and used correctly," the authors say, "recommendations lead to meaningful increases in overall engagement with the product (e.g., streaming hours) and lower subscription cancellations rates." Additionally, the TV app removes a lot of branding from the user interface. That could have a negative impact on churn for a service like Netflix or Amazon Prime Instant Video. If it's more unclear where this content is coming from, it's harder for users to justify $10 a month for one of those services. Overall, it's more likely services with a strong brand and user interface such as Netflix or Amazon will see a negative impact from Apple's TV app than the potential positives. Netflix wants its data all to itself On top of the potential detriments to Netflix's user experience, Netflix's participation in the TV app would open up a lot of its data to Apple. Netflix is historically very private about its viewer data, as is Amazon. It won't even share its data with the people responsible for creating its original content. Netflix's viewer data is one of its biggest competitive advantages. It lets it spend its content budget effectively and efficiently. It's also one of the reasons its original series have managed to become so popular. With Apple's increasing interest in producing original video content -- starting with Apple Music exclusives -- Netflix's viewer data would be immensely valuable. On the flip side, for Netflix to let its data fall into the hands of Apple could give rise to another big competitor. Even if the adoption rate of Apple's TV app remains relatively low, Netflix's participation would probably generate a significant increase in adoption. As a result, evaluating the impact of Netflix's inclusion is difficult. Management is best off staying on the sidelines and focusing on drawing consumers to its app. Giving up control of both its user experience and data is too risky, given the huge benefits each provide Netflix. Adam Levy owns shares of Amazon.com and Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon.com, Apple, and Netflix. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Adam Levy (adamlevy) Adam has been writing for The Motley Fool since 2012 covering consumer goods and technology companies. He spends about as much time thinking about Facebook and Twitter's businesses as he does using their products. For some lighthearted stock commentary and occasional St. Louis Cardinal mania Follow @admlvy Article Info Nov 10, 2016 at 5:18PM Consumer Goods Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $106.52 up $0.81 (0.77%) Amazon.com NASDAQ:AMZN $740.63 up $21.56 (3.00%) Netflix NASDAQ:NFLX $113.29 down $0.09 (-0.08%) Read More Two New Stock Picks Every Month! Can Netflix Save Cable? What Investors Missed in the Market Last Week Netflix, Inc. Third-Quarter Earnings: The Growth Story Continues 5 Things Netflix, Inc. Management Wants You to Know Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 24° | Max. 31° Air Quality: PSI 41-51 We set you thinking Wednesday 16 November 2016 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream World Senior Pakistan official says to visit India, hints at detente 1479230695 World Nepal detains Tibetan refugees in crackdown as China's influence grows 1479230545 World Russia says its missile strikes did not hit Aleppo: Ifax 1479229643 World State TV says Syrian air force strikes Aleppo old city 1479229324 World Thousands of UK prison officers walk out over rising jail violence 1479228518 World Russian PM says does not understand Ulyukayev case 1479228072 World Czech lawmakers seek to make defaming the president a crime 1479228403 World Turkey eyes reset with U.S. under Trump, but honeymoon may be brief 1479229922 World Russian Economy Minister put under house arrest for two months 1479228049 World U.S. to maintain commitment to allies in Asia, admiral says 1479229755 World EU agrees defense budget increase as Britain lifts block 1479230184 World Kenya sets fire to 5,000 illegal weapons in crime fight 1479228656 Business Deloitte says leaked Brexit memo was written without UK government input 1479228314 Business Exclusive: Four large Wells Fargo shareholders want more action from board 1479229392 Business Boeing still to lift 737 output after United fleet changes 1479229134 Business Boeing shares fall as United Airlines cancels 737 order 1479228495 Business UK government disputes suggestion it has no plan for Brexit: PM's spokeswoman 1479227659 Business Federal Reserve says will be more open about 'stress tests': GAO report 1479230355 Business Elon Musk-backed AI startup and Microsoft sign cloud agreement 1479227877 Business UK house-building hits post-financial crisis high 1479230283 World Ex-minister Macron to run for French presidency - source 1479229650 Business Exxon in negotiations with Chad over record $74 billion fine: Bloomberg 1479230874 World Kerry announces Yemen ceasefire over objections of government 1479228735 World Russia uses aircraft carrier for big attack on Syrian rebels 1479229324 World Air strikes pound rebel-held east Aleppo after weeks-long pause 1479229324 Business Tata Global Beverages ousts Cyrus Mistry as chairman 1479228698 World South Africa's opposition files complaint against Zuma over corruption 1479228945 World Air strike hits third Syrian hospital in 24 hours: monitor 1479229324 Business Oil prices soar on renewed hopes of OPEC output deal 1479229228 World Russian Economy Minister Ulyukayev denies extorting $2 million bribe 1479229478 World Only 13 percent of recent refugees in Germany have found work: survey 1479225959 World France, U.N. tell Trump action on climate change unstoppable 1479227286 World Colombia president to have prostate cancer tests in U.S. 1479226000 World Some 14 million in northeast Nigeria may need humanitarian aid in 2017: U.N. 1479225246 World German court rejects opposition's bid for disclosure of NSA spy targets 1479224990 World Lafarge faces legal complaint over actions in Syria 1479227067 World France's Macron to run for presidency: source 1479226749 Business UK's SFO wants Boath lawsuit heard privately to protect Barclays' probe 1479225404 Business Sanofi, GSK expect further price pressure, more M&A under Trump 1479227319 Business Twitter to upgrade some features to thwart cyber-bullying 1479226117 Business VW reaches agreement on fixes, buybacks for 80,000 polluting U.S. diesels 1479227434 World France's Sarkozy denies Libya allegations, will take legal action 1479226441 World Both sides accused of abuses in battle for Mosul 1479225109 Business S&P, Nasdaq rise as tech stocks back in favor 1479227416 Business Home Depot maintains full-year sales forecast, disappointing investors 1479225306 Business Oil rallies on output bets; U.S. yields, dollar steady 1479226974 China&India Hong Kong bars pro-independence lawmakers, setting stage for turmoil 1479199860 Business Uncertain economy sees 1.9% decline in non-auto retail sales 1479216960 World Obama urges America not to unplug from global economy 1479214260 World Russian minister was detained at Rosneft offices: lawyer 1479223458 Business U.S. multinationals eye foreign profits tax break with Trump win U.S. President elect Donald Trump speaks at election night rally in Manhattan. Photo: Reuters mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 7:10 AM, November 11, 2016 Updated: 3:30 PM, November 11, 2016 WASHINGTON - Donald Trump's White House victory moves Apple <AAPL.O>, Pfizer <PFE.N>, Microsoft <MSFT.O> and other big U.S. corporations much closer than they have been in years to winning a big tax break on $2.6 trillion in foreign profits. Tax reform is shaping up as among the most fruitful areas for cooperation between Trump and his fellow Republicans, who held control in Tuesday's elections of both the House of Representatives and the Senate. Trump and congressional Republicans have separate, but similar, tax reform plans. Both would slash tax rates on businesses, simplify and cut individual taxes, and let companies bring overseas profits into the country at a low tax rate, raising prospects for a sweeping deal on taxes. Bipartisan support for corporate tax reform has been growing as multinational companies have amassed tax-deferred profits abroad and brought continuous lobbying pressure over a decade for a tax break on them. "On tax policy, he's basically adopted the House blueprint as his approach," said Rohit Kumar, co-leader of the tax policy services practice at Big Four accounting firm PricewaterhouseCoopers [PWC.UL]. "There's a better chance that something happens next year than there has been at any point in the last several years." At the heart of the issue is a law that lets U.S. companies hold foreign profits overseas without paying U.S. corporate tax on them, unless and until those profits are brought into the United States, which is known as repatriation. Corporations have $2.6 trillion stashed abroad under this law. That money could be repatriated any time, but businesses choose not to because it would incur the 35 percent statutory corporate income tax. Trump and House Republicans, including Speaker Paul Ryan, would still need to agree on how to pay for lower corporate tax rates and on whether U.S.-based multinationals should pay U.S. taxes on future foreign profits. Trump and congressional Republicans would also need support for tax reform from Democrats if they intend to present the package as a benefit for the country as a whole, analysts say. Such proposals have stumbled before on Democrats' objections that they are corporate give-away, and on Republicans' insistence that they be paired with a cut in the corporate income tax rate. Democrats could still block legislation they dislike from reaching the floor of the Senate, which requires a super majority of 60 votes to advance a measure, but there are procedural maneuvers Republicans could use to bypass them. The one-time surge in revenue that would result from repatriation could help fund another cornerstone of Trump's campaign platform -- a pledge to boost the economy through big investments in U.S. highways, roads, bridges, airports and seaports. Infrastructure spending was not a campaign priority for congressional Republicans. But a new job-creating program could appeal to Democrats and be valuable to lawmakers in the 2018 mid-term elections. The four companies with the largest profits held overseas are: Apple Inc ($200 billion), Pfizer Inc ($194 billion), Microsoft Corp ($108 billion) and General Electric Co <GE.N> ($104 billion), according to March estimates by Citizens for Tax Justice, a corporate income tax watchdog group in Washington. (Graphic: http://tmsnrt.rs/2eBx2BO). The European Commission in August hit Apple with a 13 billion euro ($14.3 billion) bill for back taxes, fanning concerns among other U.S. multinationals and U.S. officials that their untaxed foreign revenues could be vulnerable to further European penalties. Apple CEO Tim Cook told an interviewer in September that he expects to repatriate billions of dollars in global profits to the United States in 2017 but did not say how. He said in another interview that the company would not bring money back unless there was "a fair rate" and said he was optimistic that tax reform would occur next year. BUSINESS SUPPORT The House tax plan, which Ryan and other leading Republicans promoted throughout the campaign, would lower the corporate tax rate from 35 percent to 20 percent, force multinationals to repatriate existing foreign earnings and adopt a "territorial" system that would largely end taxation of U.S. companies' foreign income. Trump is calling for a steeper rate cut to 15 percent, and he has proposed a 10 percent tax rate for repatriated overseas profits held in cash, payable over a decade. Some are optimistic that those differences can be overcome. "In the end, there are no differences that can't be solved on the tax issue," said Republican Representative Tom Cole. The House Republican plan has had significant support from business. Kumar's PwC advises the Alliance for Competitive Taxation, which lobbies on tax reform for over 40 companies ranging from Alcoa Inc <AA.N> and Cisco Systems Inc <CSCO.O> to Alphabet's Google Inc <GOOGL.O>, Procter & Gamble Co <PG.N> and Wal-Mart Stores Inc <WMT.N>. "We know what we want," said Dorothy Coleman, a tax policy expert at the National Association of Manufacturers, referring to a lower corporate tax rate, adopting a "modern, competitive" territorial system, and a permanent R&D credit among other wishes. The House's corporate tax plan would cut revenues by more than $890 billion over 10 years, according to the nonpartisan Tax Policy Center. The same research group says Trump's corporate plan would reduce revenues by $2.6 trillion. Trump and Republicans in Congress view tax reform as a way to jump-start economic growth and job creation. Business lobbyists say that higher tax revenues from a growing economy would address much of the House plan's shortfall. Trump advisers say revenue erosion posed by the president-elect's plan would be overcome by growth and policy initiatives including a more aggressive approach to trade. REUTERS mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble ‘Tweaks' to property cooling measures worth exploring, say industry players Yum unit Taco Bell to have 8,000 U.S. outlets by end-2022 World debut: Jaguar unveils all-electric I-Pace SUV With 'change in the air', PM May asks business to help on economy While India plugs black money holes, Indians find leaks What’s most worrying about the current economic climate? What next for Singapore’s private housing market? Wells Fargo CEO says bank changing handling of whistleblower complaints Weatherford International CEO Bernard Duroc-Danner leaves Warren Buffett's Berkshire makes surprise U.S. airline bet Wall Street surges after Trump wins White House Inside Today World Senior Pakistan official says to visit India, hints at detente Nepal detains Tibetan refugees in crackdown as China's influence grows EU agrees defense budget increase as Britain lifts block Turkey eyes reset with U.S. under Trump, but honeymoon may be brief U.S. to maintain commitment to allies in Asia, admiral says Business Exxon in negotiations with Chad over record $74 billion fine: Bloomberg VW reaches agreement on fixes, buybacks for 80,000 polluting U.S. diesels S&P, Nasdaq rise as tech stocks back in favor Sanofi, GSK expect further price pressure, more M&A under Trump Oil rallies on output bets; U.S. yields, dollar steady Sports MCCY appoints FAS provisional council, with Lim as president Asean Super League set for Sept 2017 kick-off SMBC S'pore Open to offer two spots at British Open More ways for runners to be eco-friendly at Income Eco Run Pro woman boxer Nurshahidah misses out on first international title Entertainment Doing it Lulu style PPAP singer to come to Singapore French rockers Trumps change name due to US election results Alicia Keys to headline this year’s countdown party It's confirmed: Coldplay is performing in Singapore April 1 About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions About MediaCorp Copyright 2016 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
Share 0 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2016-11-15 Jana Duggar Takes Backseat At Jinger And Jeremy Vuolo Wedding As Jill Dillard, Jessa Seewald, Joy Anna And Family Dominate ‘Counting On’ News Entertainment 2016-11-15 One Direction News: Niall Horan And Zayn Malik’s AMAs Reunion, Liam Payne Baby Rumors Continue Entertainment 2016-11-14 Joy Anna Duggar Featured In Family Instagram With Baby After Birthday, Jim Bob And Michelle Want Daughter Courting And Engaged? Entertainment 2016-11-14 ‘People’s’ Sexiest Man Alive 2016: Dwayne ‘The Rock’ Johnson News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2016-11-15 Chili’s Restaurant Apologizes After Manager Takes Army Veteran Ernest Walker’s Free Meal On Veteran’s Day Opinion 2016-11-15 Does Kate Middleton Secretly Regard Prince Harry’s New Lady Love Meghan Markle As A Terrifying Threat? News 2016-11-15 Donald Trump Linked To LGBT Suicide Hotline Call Spike: Fears Include Gay Marriage & Health Care News 2016-11-15 Bill Clinton Nude Photo Leaked By Anonymous? Fake President Clinton Naked Pic With Prostitute Fools Twitter [Hoax] Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Sports 2016-11-13 Live Stream: Bangladesh Premier League Cricket Day 6 — Barisal Bulls Vs. Rajshahi Kings, Comilla Victorians Vs. Khulna Titans Sports 2016-11-11 Lindsey Vonn Has Another Crash In Ski Practice, Severely Breaks Arm Sports 2016-11-11 Watch Bangladesh Premier League Cricket Live Stream Day 4: Comilla Victorians Vs. Barisal Bulls, Dhaka Dynamites Vs. Rajshahi Kings Sports 2016-11-09 Green Bay Packers: Keys To Victory In NFL Week 10 Vs. Titans Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Best Buy Black Friday 2016 Flyer Includes 16 Items Currently Available On Sale Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Trident Lakes: Subterranean Doomsday Prepper Village Being Built In Ector, Texas Lifestyle 2016-11-06 What’s Open On Veterans Day 2016 And Where Can Vets Get A Free Meal On Friday? Lifestyle 2016-11-05 When Does The Time Change? Daylight Saving Time Ends, But Not For Everyone Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2016-11-13 Donald Trump Presidency: What Does This Mean For The Marijuana Industry? Health 2016-11-13 Depression: Why You Might Be Taking The Wrong Vitamins, And Even Making Your Mood Worse Health 2016-11-13 Adolescent Girls Have Greater Chance Than Boys Of Acquiring PTSD Due To Brain Differences Health 2016-11-13 Constipation And Kidney Disease May Be Linked To Each Other, New Study Claims Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2016-11-15 ‘Destiny’ Weekly Reset For Nov. 15, Take A Breather With Wretched Eye Nightfall Gaming 2016-11-15 ‘Zelda: Breath Of The Wild’ Will Miss Nintendo Switch Release Date Because Of Development Delays Gaming 2016-11-14 Rockstar Games Removes The Unlock Requirements On More ‘GTA Online’ Heist Vehicles This Week For The Third Anniversary Of ‘Grand Theft Auto V’ Science 2016-11-14 The New Zealand Earthquake Was So Powerful It Literally Made The Sky Change Color [Video] BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2016-11-15 Google To Penalize Fake News Sites That Peddle Misinformation Using Facebook: After 2016 Election Search Engine To Cut Off Ad Network Support To Shady Sites BuzzWorthy 2016-11-14 ‘Pawn Stars’ Update: Chumlee As Kylo Ren And Donald Trump Jr. And Other Stars Visit Shop While Filming Season 13 Continues BuzzWorthy 2016-11-14 Hatchimals Are Must-Have Toys This Holiday Season: How Can You Get Your Hands On One? BuzzWorthy 2016-11-14 Michigan Police Officer Suspended After Driving With Confederate Flag Near Anti-Trump Protest [Video] SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Tim Cook Asserts Diversity Stance After Trump Win: ‘Apple’s North Star Hasn’t Changed’ BuzzWorthy 0 0 0 November 10, 2016 Tim Cook Asserts Diversity Stance After Trump Win: ‘Apple’s North Star Hasn’t Changed’ Simon Alvarez As America reels from the fallout of U.S. President-elect Donald Trump’s win last Tuesday, Apple CEO Tim Cook released a company-wide memo addressing the unrest among the tech giant’s employees. The letter, released on Wednesday evening, reiterated Apple’s stance on possible issues that would emerge from a Trump presidency, most especially diversity in the workplace. The brief memo, originally obtained by BuzzFeed News, directly addresses the possible feelings of unrest that several of the tech giant’s employees are currently feeling. Since Trump’s decisive win over Democratic bet Hillary Clinton in Tuesday’s elections, numerous groups in the United States, composed of immigrants, people of color, and the LGBTQ community, have expressed their reservations about the coming years ahead. In the memo, Cook urged the company’s employees to stand firm and be strong. Quoting one of the most influential men in U.S. history, Dr. Martin Luther King, the Apple CEO urged everyone working in Apple to “keep moving forward” despite whatever circumstances might happen in the future. The CEO also asserted that nothing will change in Apple’s stance regarding issues that might arise after President-elect Trump takes office early next year. Following is the full text of Cook’s company-wide memo to Apple employees. Team, I’ve heard from many of you today about the presidential election. In a political contest where the candidates were so different and each received a similar number of popular votes, it’s inevitable that the aftermath leaves many of you with strong feelings. We have a very diverse team of employees, including supporters of each of the candidates. Regardless of which candidate each of us supported as individuals, the only way to move forward is to move forward together. I recall something Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. said 50 years ago: ‘If you can’t fly, then run. If you can’t run, then walk. If you can’t walk, then crawl, but whatever you do you have to keep moving forward.’ This advice is timeless, and a reminder that we only do great work and improve the world by moving forward. While there is discussion today about uncertainties ahead, you can be confident that Apple’s North Star hasn’t changed. Our products connect people everywhere, and they provide the tools for our customers to do great things to improve their lives and the world at large. Our company is open to all, and we celebrate the diversity of our team here in the United States and around the world — regardless of what they look like, where they come from, how they worship or who they love. I’ve always looked at Apple as one big family and I encourage you to reach out to your co-workers if they are feeling anxious. Let’s move forward — together! Best, Tim Apple has been a target of Donald Trump’s criticism for a while now, with the president-elect specifically pointing out the tech giant’s outsourcing of labor for its products as one of the biggest causes of problems in America’s labor sector. Over the course of his campaign, President-elect Donald Trump has been very firm on his stance of requiring American companies to manufacture their products on American soil. Apple, whose most popular products, such as the iPhone, are manufactured in China, became one of Trump’s biggest targets. [Image by Mark Wilson/Getty Images] This culminated in a fiery declaration back in January, when Trump boldly declared that once he becomes president, he would force Apple to start manufacturing its products in the United States. “We’re gonna get Apple to start building their damn computers and things in this country, instead of in other countries,” Trump said during a campaign speech last January. In order to enforce this rule, Trump has declared during his campaign that he would force Apple and any other American company that opts to move their manufacturing departments to other countries, to pay a massive 35 percent tax. Just like most of his declarations during the campaign period, however, President-elect Donald Trump has not provided a clear outline as to how his administration would implement the sanctions. [Image by Andrew Burton/Getty Images] Apple and Trump’s row further escalated when the tech giant took a defiant stance against the Justice Department, which issued a request that the tech firm bypass an iPhone’s security systems. The phone in question, an iPhone 5C, was owned by the San Bernardino shooter, whose 2015 attack claimed the lives of 14 people and injured 22 more. When Apple refused to comply with the Justice Department’s request, Trump was quick to condemn the tech giant’s decision. “But to think that Apple won’t allow us to get into her cell phone. Who do they think they are? No, we have to open it up,” Trump said in a statement back in February. Trump’s fiery stance against the tech giant would escalate further, eventually culminating in the president-elect calling for a boycott of Apple products. His call for a boycott, which was broadcast through Twitter, was considered by many to be ironic, however, since the tweet was written and uploaded using an iPhone. Boycott all Apple products until such time as Apple gives cellphone info to authorities regarding radical Islamic terrorist couple from Cal — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 19, 2016 With Donald Trump now the president-elect of the United States, only time will tell if he would really stand true to his word and take measures against the practices of firms like Apple. For its part, Apple seems set on continuing on its ways. While the letter that Apple CEO Tim Cook released was one of encouragement and hope, it was also a memo with an underlying feeling of defiance. <noscript><iframe width="500" height="281" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/tqrDWqPMwwc?feature=oembed" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></noscript> [Featured Image by Stephen Lam/Getty Images] Now Watch This: Man Runs 1400 Miles To Standing Rock Now Read This: Google To Penalize Fake News Sites That Peddle Misinformation Using Facebook: After 2016 Election Search Engine To Cut Off Ad Network Support To Shady Sites Share 0 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Simon Alvarez Tags: Apple, Donald Trump, Tim Cook Comments LATEST HEADLINES ‘Married To Medicine’ Star Lisa Nicole Cloud Doesn’t Trust Husband After Stripper Scandal? ‘Teen Mom’ Amber Portwood Shows Off Plastic Surgery Results, As Her Fiancé Finally Comes Clean About His Sobriety Olivia Newton-John Launches New Christmas Album With John Farnham, Delights In Daughter Chloe’s Successful Recovery Peru Vs. Brazil: Preview, Prediction, Starting Line-Ups, Kick-Off Time, & Betting Tips ‘The Grand Tour’: Amazon Offers Prime Discount For Yearly Membership Until Show’s Premiere Date Jennifer Aniston And Justin Theroux May Adopt A Baby From Mexico? [Report] Florida Concealed Carry Gun Holder Shoots, Kills Man Who Was Beating A Cop Kandi Burruss Defends Her Mother’s Comments About Phaedra Parks: ‘They Don’t Hold Back’ Blac Chyna Seeks 70-Lb Post-Baby Weight Loss: Her High-Protein Low-Carb Diet & Fitness Megyn Kelly Dishes On Donald Trump Feud In New Tell-All Book Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Lady Gaga Urges All Americans To Sign The Electoral College Petition To Void Donald Trump’s Presidency And Elect Hillary Clinton 29.5k 0 0 Hillary Voters Owe It To America To Stop Calling Everyone A Nazi And Start Reading WikiLeaks 54.1k 0 0 Forget Mars, Trump Wants NASA To Visit Jupiter’s Moon Europa And Explore The Solar System 14.1k 0 0 Barron Trump, America’s First Son In The White House Since John F. Kennedy Jr. In 1963 227k 0 0 Melania Trump Makes History As First Immigrant First Lady, Fluent In Five Languages 23.2k 0 0 Could Hillary Clinton Still Become The Next President Of The United States? 8.2k 0 0 Kirk Douglas To Turn 100, As Michael Douglas Reveals: ‘He Is Rocking’ 10.8k 0 0 Recent Headlines Kandi Burruss Defends Her Mother’s Comments About Phaedra Parks: ‘They Don’t Hold Back’ 0 0 0 Blac Chyna Seeks 70-Lb Post-Baby Weight Loss: Her High-Protein Low-Carb Diet & Fitness 1 0 0 Megyn Kelly Dishes On Donald Trump Feud In New Tell-All Book 2 0 0 ‘OutDaughtered’ Spoilers: What New Challenges Does The Busby Family Face? 1 0 0 Channing Tatum Shares Details Of Stripper Past, Wife Jenna Says It Was Strange Going To Beyoncé Concert Together 1 0 0 Why Won’t Rob Kardashian Let Caitlyn Jenner Meet New Baby Dream? Transgender Family Outcast Excluded 1 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact News Partners Opposing Views Huffington Post Fark Buzz Feed Supported By DoubleClick Google Adsense Softlayer Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2016 The Inquisitr News.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Loeb's Third Point takes share stakes in Apple, Visa and Dell By Reuters Published: 18:32 EST, 10 November 2016 | Updated: 18:32 EST, 10 November 2016 e-mail NEW YORK, Nov 10 (Reuters) - Dan Loeb's Third Point hedge fund took new share stakes in Apple Inc, Visa Inc and Dell Technologies Inc during the third quarter, according to regulatory filings late on Thursday. Third Point, closely followed in the investment community because of its pattern of delivering strong returns, took a 2.5 million stake in Apple, a 2.1 million class A share-stake in Visa and a 2.3 million share-stake in Dell Technologies. In early November, Loeb told clients that Third Point's bets on corporate debt issued by Dell and Sprint Corp ranked among the year's top winners for the firm. Through the end of September, the Third Point Offshore fund gained 7.2 percent, beating the average fund's 4 percent return. Loeb's Third Point also increased its share stake in Facebook Inc by 45.3 percent to 5.5 million class A shares, according to regulatory filings. In addition, the fund increased its stake in Alphabet Inc by 37.5 percent to 550,000 class A capital stock shares, the filings said. Third Point upped its stake in Monsanto Co by 85 percent to 3.7 million shares, while the hedge fund dissolved its share stake in Marathon Oil Corp during the third quarter, filings said. Third Point also took a 2.6 million sponsored ADS stake in Alibaba Group Holding Ltd, according to the regulatory filings. The quarterly disclosures of manager stock holdings, in what are known as 13F filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, are always intriguing for investors trying to divine a pattern in what savvy traders are selling and buying. But relying on the filings to develop an investment strategy comes with some peril because the disclosures are backward looking and come out 45 days after the end of each quarter. Still, the records offer a glimpse into what hedge fund managers saw as opportunities to make money on the long side. The filings do not disclose short positions, bets that a stock will fall in price. And there is also little disclosure on bonds and other securities that do not trade on exchanges. (Reporting By Jennifer Ablan; Editing by Sandra Maler and Andrew Hay) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Slimline Khloe Kardashian sparks concern among fans as she shows off her TINY waist in latest sexy selfie Looked thinner than ever 'That's brutal, smart-a**e': Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall and Perrie Edwards lose their cool as they're asked about Jesy Nelson's missing engagement ring 'I knew she was "The One" after we had sex': Ryan Reynolds speaks about 'cliché' romance with wife Blake ... as he hints they slept together on their first date Have April Love Geary, 21, and Robin Thicke, 39, got married? Stunner hints at secret nuptials as she sports personalised bikini during romantic break 'I nearly packed it in': Kara Tointon reveals she almost quit acting after struggling to find roles but winning Strictly saved her career Boost from ballroom  From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED Charlotte Riley is the spitting image of the Duchess of Cambridge as she films royal drama King Charles III in Hull Royally impressed Prince Harry wears the love bracelet he shares with girlfriend Meghan Markle as he takes a public HIV test to help raise awareness of the disease 'He been f**king some model chick': Perrie Edwards 'took a direct swipe at ex Zayn Malik's girlfriend Gigi Hadid in original Shout Out To My Ex lyrics' No silver lining? Jesy Nelson's fiancé Jake Roche shares cryptic snaps of dark clouds and deletes his past tweets amid claims they've split  'I tried to overdose a lot': Danniella Westbrook reveals she made multiple suicide attempts after George Arnold walked out on her when she relapsed Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei makes explosive return three years after ejection... before it emerges 'she has been kicked off AGAIN for violent fight' Sophie Kasaei is 'kicked off Geordie Shore for SECOND time over Chloe Ferry's shock fight'... three years after ejection for using racial slur  Tropic like it's hot! Millie Mackintosh kicks back with a coconut in a lime bikini as she takes a relaxing dip in the Indian Ocean Living the high life Good Morning Britain's Susanna Reid and Piers Morgan joke that their 'unrequited love story' keeps viewers tuning in as they reflect on TV success Paul Daniels' widow Debbie McGee has a cosy exchange with a dapper restaurateur as she leaves upmarket London eatery  Friendly display Kelsey Grammer, 61, becomes a father for the seventh time as his fourth wife Kayte gives birth to a boy Named him Auden James Ellis Grammer EXCLUSIVE 'Sexy shoots stop men trusting me': Danni Levy flaunts incredibly toned form in sizzling snaps... after revealing fears she will be 'single forever' 'Her lips are moving but the face is frozen': Anneka Rice, 58, fans remark on her age-defying image... as TV golden girl makes very rare return 'R.I.P to the Geordie Shore we knew': Holly Hagan CONFIRMS departure as she sneers at bevvy of newbies with ex-castmate Charlotte Crosby 'She's thrilled': The Duchess of Cambridge is said to be delighted over Prince Harry's new-found romance with Meghan Markle  Royal seal of approval Feeling rosy! Ferne McCann looks blooming lovely in a chic floral midi-dress and ankle boots as she leaves TV studios  What a petal Dejected Daisy Lowe dresses in gothic all-black after Strictly axe... as she pays tribute to her dance partner Alja korjanec for 'the happiest of days' Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex flaunts her incredible abs in a sizzling black bikini as she paddleboards in Mykonos after 2st weight loss 'I've gone from obese to athlete': Britain's Got Talent star loses four stone in FOUR MONTHS after he was branded 'the fat one' in his band  Look at him now! Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE first look at M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED Bedraggled Joanne Froggatt is worlds away from Downton Abbey as she's seen filming gritty drama Liar for the first time She's in demand 'I was really ugly and I wasn't like the other kids': Scarlett Moffatt reveals she was bullied mercilessly at school because of her looks Look at her now! 'It's great she still finds me attractive!' Eddie Redmayne gushes over wife Hannah... and jokes the new parents are just 'trying to keep their child alive' 'She won't be single for long!': Holly Willoughby and Ferne McCann admire Carol Vorderman's incredible figure in the I'm A Celebrity jungle 'Did Carol Vorderman just call a toad a "big boy" at 3am?' I'm A Celeb viewers erupt into hysterics as presenter tries to 'seduce' a frog in the jungle I'm A Celeb campers at risk of BLINDNESS as the jungle is invaded by an 'epidemic of horrific flesh-eating eye bugs' Dangerous  Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson is named People's Sexiest Man Alive for 2016 The 44-year-old scoops the title from last year's winner David Beckham EOTB's Jess Impiazzi sizzles as she sunbathes TOPLESS during Aussie getaway... shortly before announcing engagement to Denny Solomona Getting cosy on the courtside: Jason Derulo and backing dancer Ragon Miller cuddle up at NY Knicks game with Ben Stiller and his wife Courting courtside 'The next Taylor Swift' Grace VanderWaal teases upcoming first album with sweet video after America's Got Talent win Only 12-years-old  Date night! Dennis Quaid, 62, walks hand-in-hand with girlfriend Santa Auzina, 30, on romantic evening stroll In NYC The not so Simple Life! Paris Hilton is left embarrassed when her passport is no longer valid as she prepares for Australian tour Too busy to check? Racy Rita Ora vamps things up in a dominatrix-inspired dress and thigh-high boots as she shoots scenes for new movie Wonderwell in Italy Sizzling Emily Ratajkowski shows off her peachy posterior and perky assets as she strips down to NOTHING in yet another saucy snap Newly-single Bella Hadid shows The Weeknd what he's missing as she flaunts her abs in a crop top just days after their split Look away now! 'I have body dysmorphia': Lauren Goodger reveals self-image battle as she admits to feeling 'revolting' and 'unhappy' with her looks Ariel Winter displays EXTREME cleavage in a plunging top as she changes into a second sexy outfit at Glamour Women of the Year Awards 'Be on the train or under it': Bono urges Donald Trump to prioritise gender equality as he accepts Glamour Women of the Year awards in LA It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb 'I'm very worried': 'Protective' husband James Jordan says he took I'm A Celeb's Ola shopping for LESS skimpy bikinis... as he praises his 'sweet girl' Blonde bombshell Rihanna sizzles in burlesque-style hotpants as Cara Delevingne strips to her bikini in new trailer for Valerian 'We're working on our relationship': Nick Knowles discusses saving his marriage with estranged wife Jessica after his fling with Gemma Oaten 'They were aware of what they'd done:' Mel C reveals she was BULLIED during her time in the Spice Girls... but refuses to 'name any names' 'Disgusting thing to joke about': Fans lash out at Holly Hagan as she reveals she's pregnant... but it turns out to be a prank by her boyfriend Kyle Christie 'It's going to kill me not seeing them': I'm A Celeb's Adam Thomas on separation from fiancée Caroline and son Teddy, 2, as they pose for glam shoot BBC producers cut dramatic moment Beverley Knight COLLAPSES during Children In Need Rocks performance Midway through song Radio DJ accused of 'groping' Taylor Swift claims leaked image of their encounter proves he 'didn't have his hand under her skirt' Fighting his cause Chest amazing! Amber Heard wears lacy cutaway gown as she makes rare public appearance at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Hot metal! Iskra Lawrence shows off her incredible figure as she squeezes into skintight silver dress at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards 'People view me as a glorified stripper': Chloe Madeley speaks about using her body to boost her business and says drink-driving conviction was her 'lowest point' Skin-tight! Baz Luhrmann, 54, sports a VERY wrinkle-free complexion as he poses for pictures in LA Looked years younger than his age Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men 'Is Jeremy a bully? No... not really': Richard Hammond reveals nerves about launch of £160m Grand Tour and claims the public will TORCH them if they fail Made In Chelsea's Lucy Watson displays her model good looks as she unveils her cruelty-free make-up range Huge supporter of animal charities EXCLUSIVE: 'I don't look like a Victoria's Secret model': Ferne McCann talks self-loathing and the reason for going public with THAT nose job Ewan McGregor debuts dramatically different look as he sports a severely shaved head at charity event in LA That's a close shave 'We're stronger than we've ever been': Danny Mac says Strictly curse 'isn't an issue' with his fiancee Carley Stenson as he poses for shoot with partner Oti Mabuse Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  A date to forget? Billie Piper removes 'vulgar' wedding tattoo dedicated to ex Laurence Fox Mr. Fox inking has been removed Sheer-ly amazing! Cara Delevingne stuns in black see-through gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Look away, St. Vincent That's some good ombre! Gwen Stefani glides down the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards red carpet in a stomach-baring ball gown 'Thank you for your courage': Amber Heard and Lena Dunham praise Stanford rape victim's statement as she is named a Glamour Woman of the Year  What a Dream! Blac Chyna shares heartwarming snap of newborn daughter sleeping in her arms Looked loved up with her bundle 'Your mom was just in an accident': Khloe Kardashian and Kylie Jenner stunned after learning Kris Jenner has been in a car crash in KUWTK preview Heavenly! Nicole Scherzinger is a wonder in white gown as she attends Los Angeles premiere of Moana Went all Hawaiian hottie for big event For sale! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber list beachside four-bedroom Malibu home for whopping $60 million One expensive home A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin O wow! Pregnant Natalie Portman blazes in stunning solar-themed Dior gown at Jackie premiere in LA Now that's maternity wear She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun He's a sight for sore eyes! Actor Scott Eastwood shows off his VERY muscular torso as he jogs down the beach shirtless during day out in Sydney 'I'm gonna call the police': Little Mix confess to prank calling James Corden who was less than impressed... but still doesn't know it was them on the phone 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door She looks pin-credible! Elizabeth Banks showcases her stunning stalks in burgundy dress at Glamour Women Of The Year event Disco doll! Supermodel Chanel Iman bares her back in silver-sequinned halter gown at Glamour bash A real silver siren as she hit the stylish bash Legs for days! Demi Lovato and Zendaya show off their sculpted stems in flared dresses for the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Red carpet stunners Greensleeves! Zendaya adorns herself in petals in exquisite white dress at Glamour Women of the Year Awards  Sensational shirt dress Caitlyn Jenner dazzles in bright orange gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards... after being honoured the year before Honoured last year 'The person you wake up with, you stay with': Are Meghan Markle's words in Suits hinting at her relationship with Prince Harry Art imitating life? 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Pucker up! Miles Teller plants a knockout kiss on girlfriend Keleigh Sperry at premiere of his new boxing film Bleed For This Red carpet romance Fifty shades of red! Bella Thorne dyes her hair following a recent splurge on tattoos and piercings Can't seem to settle on her look Not so quick on the draw! Evan Rachel Wood's Westworld is renewed by HBO... but may not be back until 2018 She'll be back... 'He's incredible': Vicki Gunvalson gushes about new beau on RHOC reunion and daughter Briana approves She hated last one Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public Sienna Miller stuns as she puts on leggy display in lacy gold mini dress at Tale of Thomas Burberry celebration Looked absolutely fabulous Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch At Royal Academy of Arts 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'It's the greatest thing that's ever happened to me': Justin Timberlake gushes about son Silas as he talks about returning to the studio for his fifth album What a cheek!  Amber Rose tests the limits of spandex as she showcases her robust rear in tight workout pants Bringing sexy back Green goddess! Jenna Dewan wows in skintight cutaway dress as she attends Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Green with envy? A white-hot welcome! Kylie Minogue enhances her natural beauty with minimal makeup as she returns to her hometown in a casual-chic ensemble Chrissy Teigen wears sheer white dress as she walks hand-in-hand with John Legend on romantic outing in NYC Headed out on the town amid parent duties 'You gotta know your angle!' Kylie Jenner shows Khloe Kardashian how to take the perfect selfie  She sven pays someone to take her 'selfies' Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Floating on air! Besotted dad Rob Kardashian surprises Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream with touching balloon message  Trying on for size? Bride-to-be Miranda Kerr stuns in form-fitting white frock as she makes a stylish arrival at Jaguar Concept Reveal Ready for winter! Suki Waterhouse shows off her lengthy pins in raunchy boots as she rubs shoulders with Gigi Hadid at fashion boutique launch Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass bares her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she treats children Ava and Hero to night out at School Of Rock launch Stripe a pose! Karlie Kloss turns heads in black and white lace dress as she plays up for cameras at Carolina Herrera fashion celebration in Madrid Jude Law receives Sir Ian McKellen Award at Only Make Believe Gala The 77-year-old acting legend even 'dropped in' via video from London with a personal message Natural beauty! Salma Hayek wows in chic nature-inspired print dress for her pal Stella McCartney's star-studded fashion talk in London Michelle Williams holds hands with co-star Casey Affleck at Manchester By The Sea premiere in Beverly Hills Simple and stunning Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) 'We gotta find these guys': Mark Wahlberg plays Boston cop at 2013 Marathon bombing in new trailer The upcoming film is called Patriots Day Make-up free Sofia Richie dresses down for a day of pampering at a Beverly Hills salon She doesn't appear to have had the Monday morning blues Romantic getaway? Chrissy Teigen and John Legend jet to JFK Airport without baby Luna The 37-year-old Oscar winner will likely sing his new single Poppy Delevingne flashes her abs in trendy crop top and sheer skirt combo as she cosies up to Derek Blasberg at Andy Warhol exhibition in NYC Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC Not an inch to pinch Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her The Bad Blood is real! Andy Cohen reveals juicy diss Taylor Swift nailed Katy Perry with at Met Gala Revealed his part in the feud Hot metal! Matt Damon's gorgeous wife Luciana Barroso dazzles in silvery dress during date night at Manchester By The Sea premiere Smell what The Rock's cooking? Dwayne Johnson gets very hot and bothered on the Moana premiere red carpet sweating through his suit  Fan-flipping-tastic! Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2m Instagram followers The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Sam McKnight Lazy stories and shallow people, it really is grim up North London: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  The BBC's NW was a depressing concoction Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Water body! Must be that rocking bod! Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson 'to be named' People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive He's wrestled his way to the top 'Everyone can be Barbie!' Ashley Graham reveals doll designed in her likeness after being named one of Glamour's Women Of The Year  Such a doll! Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... as her husband Wayne breaks down on I'm A Celeb Out in a gown Brooke Shields, 51, looks youthful while enjoying some retail therapy in Los Angeles Played it simply chic as she enjoyed a shopping trip James Corden on target for Christmas number one after his song for Sainsbury's advert soars up the charts  A real cracker! She's got some front! Michelle Dockery wears plunging pantsuit at premiere of her new TV show Good Behavior Brought some necessary edge Easy, rider! Chris Hemsworth whizzes across a Byron Bay beach on an electric bike in Instagram video One way to get across the beach 'I'm in love!' Nick Jonas cradles his newborn niece Valentina for the first time The Goat actor met the baby 18 days after the birth Uber-chic Olivia Palermo dons flared denim at Letters to Andy Warhol opening The 30-year-old fashion maven headed to Cadillac House Corny yes, but this Lloyd Webber show is a lesson in musical fun: QUENTIN LETTS first night review of School of Rock  He's Lord Meat Loaf! Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumours they are back together as they attend same event Interesting scenario She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance What a knockout! Katey Sagal, 62, looks half her age in shimmering gold dress at Bleed For This premiere in New York Age-defying She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells in her hands Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' Kat Von D plunks down $6.5 million for Los Angeles home used in Steve Martin comedy Cheaper by the Dozen  The L.A. Ink star is the proud new owner 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Jemima turns the page on her PR lover Freud: Socialite shares photo alongside book cover saying there is 'no caption needed'  Writes SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Looked so chic with her  wavy red tresses parted 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Maria Shriver looks beautiful in blue blouse dress as she speaks at Glamour Women Of The Year Summit She certainly looked glamorous Who's a Pretty Boy? Floyd Mayweather tries on some gold chains while browsing New York's Diamond District He is well used to wearing lots of bling Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  Southern comfort! Garth Brooks joins Miley Cyrus as he gives expert advice to final 12 The Voice contestants ahead of live performance 'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Trending: DONALD TRUMP TRANSITION STEPHEN BANNON HILLARY CLINTON BARACK OBAMA BILL DE BLASIO Sections Sections Home Home New York NYC Crime Bronx Brooklyn Manhattan Queens Education Weather Obituaries Sports Yankees Mets Giants Jets Knicks Nets Rangers Islanders Football Basketball Baseball Hockey Soccer College High School The Score More Sports News Crime U.S. World Politics Entertainment Gossip Crosswords Entertainment Pics TV Movies Music Theater & Arts Horoscopes Daily Weekly Monthly Lifestyle Health Homes Food Viva Opinion Autos Buyer's Guide Ratings & Reviews News & Views Photos & Galleries Covers Classifieds Trending: DONALD TRUMP TRANSITION STEPHEN BANNON HILLARY CLINTON BARACK OBAMA BILL DE BLASIO New York Daily News sports Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest YouTube Subscribe Follow UsNewsletter App Subscriptions Subscribe Get Our Newsletter A daily blend of the most need-to-know Daily News stories, delivered right to your inbox. Sign Up Get the latest breaking news, entertainment, sports and more.Download Our App Subscribe to the newspaper, our e-edition, or both.Subscribe Select Sport Football Basketball Baseball Hockey Soccer College High School More Sports Yankees Mets Giants Jets Knicks Nets Rangers Islanders The Score More Sports Share This facebook Tweet email Leon Hall says ‘it would suck’ not to play against his former team ahead of Giants - Bengals  Giants Insider: Hall says 'it would suck' not to play vs. Bengals BY Pat Leonard Ebenezer Samuel NEW YORK DAILY NEWS Thursday, November 10, 2016, 5:45 PM facebook Tweet email BY Pat Leonard Ebenezer Samuel NEW YORK DAILY NEWS Thursday, November 10, 2016, 5:45 PM Leon Hall’s name jumped off the page as an inactive Giant for last Sunday’s win over the Eagles – the first healthy scratch of Hall’s 10-year NFL career. But sitting for Monday night’s game against the Cincinnati Bengals probably would be an even bigger gut punch against the franchise where Hall played the past nine years and the city where he still has a home. “I mean, it would be unfortunate,” Hall said Thursday. “But at the end of the day even going into this week I knew that was a possibility. I mean, it would suck for sure, just as much as it did last week. It would obviously be nice to get out there and make some plays, but we’ll see what happens, how the week pans out and then what happens on Monday night.” Of course, Ben McAdoo has to prioritize wins for the Giants (5-3), and coaches often have to remove emotion to make the decision they feel is best for the team. Even Hall admitted that he hadn’t played well enough in the seven games prior to the Giants’ bye in the slot with rookie corner Eli Apple injured and Dominique Rodgers-Cromartie moved to the outside. Giants' Janoris Jenkins has some studying up to do on A.J. Green The Giants’ secondary is now healthy, which led to Hall’s exclusion on Sunday in favor of backup corners Trevin Wade and Coty Sensabaugh and safety Nat Berhe for defensive and special teams purposes. “I think I played decent,” Hall, 31, said honestly. “I missed tackles that I would like to take back. There are obviously plays I would like to take back. Definitely a lot of room for improvement, which is pretty vague, but it’s just reality I guess.” Still, coaches have to have the pulse of their team, recognize situations, and have a feel for what is right. And though this may seem like a small, fringe roster call, if McAdoo is plugged in, he has to know what playing on Monday night would mean to Hall, and the positive message it would send his team taking care of his own. Hall has never even had an opportunity to play against one of his former teams because he never had one, as a Bengal for nine seasons, until he signed with the Giants as a free agent in August. Giants injury report: WR Cruz doesn’t practice with ankle sprain Hall basically said he knew his time was done in Cincinnati, and Bengals head coach Marvin Lewis, whom Hall is close with, said both parties mutually moved on. “We have drafted some young players over the last three or four seasons and at some point, you are trying to clear opportunity and space,” Lewis said Thursday. “We spoke with Leon a number of times and Leon was hesitant to commit to coming back because he was unsure what his role was going to be at that point and so, we thought that we moved on from Leon and Leon moved a little bit away from us, as well. “(But) he was a big part of us, he is a big part of me, you love him, you love his family and I was completely honest with him about what his role was that we perceived it to be and he was looking to be able to carve out maybe a little bit more niche still that way,” Lewis added. Hall found out last Sunday morning, the day of the Eagles game that he would be scratched and admitted surprise. Giants’ best defensive surprise is Landon Collins “A little bit,” he said. “Caught me off-guard a little bit, I can’t lie. It is what it is. Kinda just roll with the punches.” Ravens’ Terrance West rushes against Leon Hall. (Michael Reaves/Getty Images) Taking a punch this Monday night, though, would hurt a bit more. McAdoo should see that. APPLE ON MOM VS. GIANTS: IT’S IN THE PAST Eli Apple told the Daily News Thursday that he spoke to his mom, Annie Apple, regarding what he called “definitely false” accusations that the Giants had leaned on him to control her criticism of the team. But he didn’t want to re-live it and said it’s no longer an issue. Follow the Daily News Sports on Facebook. "Like" us here. “I did (talk to her),” Apple said, “but that’s in the past.” Apple also said his poor play Sunday against the Eagles, which led to a second-half benching, was more due to midseason injuries temporarily derailing him from his comfort zone rather than any pressure he felt from his mom’s accusations – which she still has not recanted, by the way. “That happens sometimes when you’re out for a while,” Apple said. “When you’re doing things over and over again and you get in the routine of things, you get better and better. So it was about building that routine and getting that back. That’s what it’s about.” MOSS THIS, MOSS THAT NFL great Randy Moss was at the Giants practice facility on Thursday, set to interview Odell Beckham Jr. for a piece to run on Monday Night Football. But Beckham said he had plenty of fun as the NFL’s most electric current receiver interviewing the retired phenom Moss who once set the bar. “He started something that even now, he has his own little segment, You Got Mossed,” Beckham said. “The ‘Getting Mossed’ thing inspired a lot of receivers.” Beckham, who has scored 30 TDs in his first 35 career games – one better than Moss – said he “aspire(s) to be like” Moss and talked of how, long before he was making one-handed grabs, he was enamored with Moss’ ability to leap over a corner and pluck the ball away. “You wanted to go up top on someone and you wanted to scoop the ball off his head and run it into the end zone,” he said. “I’ve watched him streak down the field for years. Change his route. Just put his hand up and it’s like, we’re gone and out of here. Just him being able to be here, pick his brain and take whatever I can take from him is good.” Tags: nfl new york giants cincinnati bengals philadelphia eagles leon hall marvin lewis eli apple annie apple randy moss odell beckham jr. Send a Letter to the Editor Join the Conversation: facebook Tweet PC Richard and Son Get Daily News stories, delivered to your inbox. Sign Up Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest YouTube Keep in Touch Newsletter Apps Subscribe Feeds Support & Contact Contact Us Careers Media Kit Site Map Terms of Use Ad Choices Terms of Service Privacy Policy Daily News Covers © Copyright 2016 NYDailyNews.com. All rights reserved.
Skip to main content Home News Senate House Campaign Administration Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Regulation Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events Past Events About Extra Sign-in About People Campaign Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  TheHill.com © 1996-2016 News Communication Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Top menu News Senate House Administration Business Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a Contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events About Extra Sign-in About Campaign Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  Search form Search TRENDING: Donald Trump Hillary Clinton Sunday shows SPONSORED: The Latino Economy Just In... Bush: Anger shouldn’t drive trade policy Finance — 1m 12s ago Boehner 'surprised' Trump won election News — 2m 28s ago Dem senators: Trump should drop Bannon Senate — 7m 21s ago Giuliani could face conflicts of interest as Secretary of State News/Campaigns — 8m 1s ago Eisenhower's leadership principles recommended reading for Trump Presidential Campaign — 12m 48s ago ND pipeline company asks federal court to force approval Energy & Environment — 20m 29s ago Breitbart News planning lawsuit against 'major media company' Media — 21m 19s ago BDCs: small business lifeline Economy & Budget — 29m 48s ago view all Google fires back at EU antitrust charges over Android By Ali Breland - 11/10/16 05:40 PM EST   © Getty Images Alphabet Inc., Google’s parent company, formally responded to the European Union's antritrust allegations on Friday over its Android operating system. Senior vice president and general counsel Kent Walker rejected the EU charge that the company used its Android operating system to advance dominance over the market. ADVERTISEMENT The EU contended that Alphabet had unfairly tried to boost Android by pre-installing apps like Google Search, the Google Play store and its Chrome web browser on Android phones. In a blog post, Walker wrote that Android was already at a disadvantage in the market because many third-party phone manufactures altered the Android operating system on their devices, preventing customers from a uniform experience. Android competitor Apple, comparatively runs its own operating system on a limited number of proprietary platforms and devices created by Apple. “Any phone maker can download Android and modify it in any way they choose,” Walker wrote “But that flexibility makes Android vulnerable to fragmentation, a problem that plagued previous operating systems like Unix and Symbian. Walker said they pre-installed some apps on Android devices to improve the customer experience. “To manage this challenge, we work with hardware makers to establish a minimum level of compatibility among Android devices,” he said. Alphabet’s general counsel noted that Android competitors Apple and Microsoft also pre-installed certain apps on mobile devices featuring their operating systems. Walker also hammered EU officials for not including Apple as a rival to the Android OS when considering the market. “To ignore competition with Apple is to miss the defining feature of today’s competitive smartphone landscape,” Walker wrote. "The truth is that Android is today a closed operating system, and any claim to the contrary is disingenuous. Google imposes severe sanctions on those who defy its insistence on conformity," FairSearch lawyer Thomas Vinje said in a statement to Reuters.   Android isn't the only product that has the attention of European antitrust regulators. Earlier in November, Walker formally responded to separate EU antitrust charges regarding Alphabet’s comparison shopping service and its Adsense advertising service. According to Reuters, the EU intends to fine Alphabet a potentially multi-billion dollar amount over the shopping and Android allegations.   Please enable JavaScript to view the featured perspectives by Versa. View the discussion thread. Most Popular Most Popular Discussed Past: 1 day 1 Carson not interested in serving... "The last thing he would want to do was take a position that could cripple... 1,442 Shares 2 What Stephen Bannon wants to do in... Former Breitbart News executive Stephen Bannon is poised to play a... 599 Shares 3 KKK, American Nazi Party praise... President-elect Donald Trump is drawing praise from the Ku Klux Klan, neo-... 551 Shares 4 Schumer under pressure to add... Pressure is growing on Sen. Charles Schumer (D-N.Y.) to back Sen. Bernie... 504 Shares 5 Democrats have one final shot to... OPINION | Foster Campbell can win the runoff in Louisiana. 470 Shares 6 Glenn Beck: Bannon has ‘clear tie... "He is a terrifying man," the conservative radio host said. 300 Shares 7 Two presidential electors to... The pair's push requires 37 GOP electors to abandon Trump. 278 Shares 8 The untold stories of the 2016... This is the first of a three-part series on behind-the-scenes maneuvering... 243 Shares 9 Breitbart News planning lawsuit... Breitbart said it's suing over the "defamatory" claim that it is a white... 241 Shares 10 Ryan shrugs off questions about... "I’m not worried about it. I’m not looking backward, I’m looking to the... 203 Shares 11 Insurers brace for ObamaCare... President-elect Donald Trump says he wants to repeal ObamaCare but keep... 195 Shares 12 More than half of protesters... More than 100 people have been arrested protesting in Portland, Ore.,... 166 Shares 13 Supreme Court now in Trump’s hands President-elect Donald Trump has a chance to radically shift the Supreme... 153 Shares 14 Dems delay vote on picking leaders The vote will now be held on Nov. 30. 152 Shares 15 Hillary Clinton’s missing votes Where did all of the Democratic voters go? 144 Shares 16 Obama: Trump's victory not my fault President Obama on Tuesday dismissed the notion that he’s responsible for... 142 Shares 17 Conservatives forget history in... OPINION | Conservatives must have forgotten the demonstrations against... 141 Shares 18 Paul warns against tapping Bolton... Paul said Bolton has stood more often with Hillary Clinton than with Trump... 127 Shares 19 Former GOP official: 'Stay away'... Eliot Cohen, a former State Department official under President George W.... 123 Shares 20 Christie loyalist removed from... Former Rep. Mike Rogers confirmed his departure and plans to still help... 106 Shares 21 Trump plans to spend more time... President-elect Donald Trump will spend more time with President Obama... 105 Shares 22 Political fight between passengers... “We all can stick together and we can all feel for this country in our own... 98 Shares 23 Jon Stewart goes to his 'happy... After President-elect Donald Trump's win, Jon Stewart has gone to his "... 90 Shares 24 Laura Ingraham rips 'smear... Ingraham called the Breitbart exec a "wonderful person" who "also happens... 88 Shares 25 #PresidentTrumps1stTantrum trends... Hundreds of users mocked Trump by tweeting hypothetical scenarios about... 85 Shares 26 Mike Rogers leaves Trump... Former Rep. Mike Rogers (R-Mich.) was advising the team on national... 85 Shares 27 14 Obama regs Trump could undo Trump and Republicans are eager to roll back Obama's regulations. 85 Shares 28 Letter to Anti Defamation League's... OPINION | We have real enemies who need to be combatted. 84 Shares 29 Shellshocked Dems mull a path... Shellshocked Democrats, struggling to pick up the pieces in the aftermath... 80 Shares Load more More From The Web SPONSORED Don't miss a brief. Sign up for our daily email. Your Email News Senate House Campaign Administration Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows More Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology International Transportation Cybersecurity National Security More Video Latest Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events More Opinion Columnists Contributors Congress Blog More TheHill.com Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Contact Subscriptions Advertise Resources The Hill Apps Mobile Site People RSS Contributors Become a Contributor Other Areas Special Reports Galleries Classifieds Jobs The Hill 1625 K Street, NW Suite 900 Washington DC 20006 | 202-628-8500 tel | 202-628-8503 fax The contents of this site are ©2016 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp., a subsidiary of News Communications, Inc.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Loeb's Third Point takes share stake in Apple, Visa and Dell By Reuters Published: 18:42 EST, 10 November 2016 | Updated: 18:42 EST, 10 November 2016 e-mail NEW YORK, Nov 10 (Reuters) - Dan Loeb's Third Point hedge fund took a new share stake in Apple Inc, Visa Inc and Dell Technologies Inc during the third quarter, according to regulatory filings late on Thursday. Third Point, closely followed in the investment community because of its pattern of delivering strong returns, took a 2.5 million stake in Apple, a 2.1 million class A share-stake in Visa and a 2.3 million share-stake in Dell Technologies. In early November, Loeb told clients that Third Point's bets on corporate debt issued by Dell and Sprint Corp ranked among the year's top winners for the firm. Through the end of September, the Third Point Offshore fund gained 7.2 percent, beating the average fund's 4 percent return. Loeb's Third Point also increased its share stake in Facebook Inc by 45.3 percent to 5.5 million class A shares, according to regulatory filings. In addition, the fund increased its stake in Alphabet Inc by 37.5 percent to 550,000 class A capital stock shares, the filings said. Third Point also took a 2.6 million sponsored ADS stake in Alibaba Group Holding Ltd, according to the regulatory filings. (Reporting By Jennifer Ablan; Editing by Sandra Maler) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Slimline Khloe Kardashian sparks concern among fans as she shows off her TINY waist in latest sexy selfie Looked thinner than ever 'That's brutal, smart-a**e': Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall and Perrie Edwards lose their cool as they're asked about Jesy Nelson's missing engagement ring 'I knew she was "The One" after we had sex': Ryan Reynolds speaks about 'cliché' romance with wife Blake ... as he hints they slept together on their first date Have April Love Geary, 21, and Robin Thicke, 39, got married? Stunner hints at secret nuptials as she sports personalised bikini during romantic break 'I nearly packed it in': Kara Tointon reveals she almost quit acting after struggling to find roles but winning Strictly saved her career Boost from ballroom  From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED Charlotte Riley is the spitting image of the Duchess of Cambridge as she films royal drama King Charles III in Hull Royally impressed Prince Harry wears the love bracelet he shares with girlfriend Meghan Markle as he takes a public HIV test to help raise awareness of the disease 'He been f**king some model chick': Perrie Edwards 'took a direct swipe at ex Zayn Malik's girlfriend Gigi Hadid in original Shout Out To My Ex lyrics' No silver lining? Jesy Nelson's fiancé Jake Roche shares cryptic snaps of dark clouds and deletes his past tweets amid claims they've split  'I tried to overdose a lot': Danniella Westbrook reveals she made multiple suicide attempts after George Arnold walked out on her when she relapsed Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei makes explosive return three years after ejection... before it emerges 'she has been kicked off AGAIN for violent fight' Sophie Kasaei is 'kicked off Geordie Shore for SECOND time over Chloe Ferry's shock fight'... three years after ejection for using racial slur  Tropic like it's hot! Millie Mackintosh kicks back with a coconut in a lime bikini as she takes a relaxing dip in the Indian Ocean Living the high life Good Morning Britain's Susanna Reid and Piers Morgan joke that their 'unrequited love story' keeps viewers tuning in as they reflect on TV success Paul Daniels' widow Debbie McGee has a cosy exchange with a dapper restaurateur as she leaves upmarket London eatery  Friendly display Kelsey Grammer, 61, becomes a father for the seventh time as his fourth wife Kayte gives birth to a boy Named him Auden James Ellis Grammer EXCLUSIVE 'Sexy shoots stop men trusting me': Danni Levy flaunts incredibly toned form in sizzling snaps... after revealing fears she will be 'single forever' 'Her lips are moving but the face is frozen': Anneka Rice, 58, fans remark on her age-defying image... as TV golden girl makes very rare return 'R.I.P to the Geordie Shore we knew': Holly Hagan CONFIRMS departure as she sneers at bevvy of newbies with ex-castmate Charlotte Crosby 'She's thrilled': The Duchess of Cambridge is said to be delighted over Prince Harry's new-found romance with Meghan Markle  Royal seal of approval Feeling rosy! Ferne McCann looks blooming lovely in a chic floral midi-dress and ankle boots as she leaves TV studios  What a petal Dejected Daisy Lowe dresses in gothic all-black after Strictly axe... as she pays tribute to her dance partner Alja korjanec for 'the happiest of days' Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex flaunts her incredible abs in a sizzling black bikini as she paddleboards in Mykonos after 2st weight loss 'I've gone from obese to athlete': Britain's Got Talent star loses four stone in FOUR MONTHS after he was branded 'the fat one' in his band  Look at him now! Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE first look at M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED Bedraggled Joanne Froggatt is worlds away from Downton Abbey as she's seen filming gritty drama Liar for the first time She's in demand 'I was really ugly and I wasn't like the other kids': Scarlett Moffatt reveals she was bullied mercilessly at school because of her looks Look at her now! 'It's great she still finds me attractive!' Eddie Redmayne gushes over wife Hannah... and jokes the new parents are just 'trying to keep their child alive' 'She won't be single for long!': Holly Willoughby and Ferne McCann admire Carol Vorderman's incredible figure in the I'm A Celebrity jungle 'Did Carol Vorderman just call a toad a "big boy" at 3am?' I'm A Celeb viewers erupt into hysterics as presenter tries to 'seduce' a frog in the jungle I'm A Celeb campers at risk of BLINDNESS as the jungle is invaded by an 'epidemic of horrific flesh-eating eye bugs' Dangerous  Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson is named People's Sexiest Man Alive for 2016 The 44-year-old scoops the title from last year's winner David Beckham EOTB's Jess Impiazzi sizzles as she sunbathes TOPLESS during Aussie getaway... shortly before announcing engagement to Denny Solomona Getting cosy on the courtside: Jason Derulo and backing dancer Ragon Miller cuddle up at NY Knicks game with Ben Stiller and his wife Courting courtside 'The next Taylor Swift' Grace VanderWaal teases upcoming first album with sweet video after America's Got Talent win Only 12-years-old  Date night! Dennis Quaid, 62, walks hand-in-hand with girlfriend Santa Auzina, 30, on romantic evening stroll In NYC The not so Simple Life! Paris Hilton is left embarrassed when her passport is no longer valid as she prepares for Australian tour Too busy to check? Racy Rita Ora vamps things up in a dominatrix-inspired dress and thigh-high boots as she shoots scenes for new movie Wonderwell in Italy Sizzling Emily Ratajkowski shows off her peachy posterior and perky assets as she strips down to NOTHING in yet another saucy snap Newly-single Bella Hadid shows The Weeknd what he's missing as she flaunts her abs in a crop top just days after their split Look away now! 'I have body dysmorphia': Lauren Goodger reveals self-image battle as she admits to feeling 'revolting' and 'unhappy' with her looks Ariel Winter displays EXTREME cleavage in a plunging top as she changes into a second sexy outfit at Glamour Women of the Year Awards 'Be on the train or under it': Bono urges Donald Trump to prioritise gender equality as he accepts Glamour Women of the Year awards in LA It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb 'I'm very worried': 'Protective' husband James Jordan says he took I'm A Celeb's Ola shopping for LESS skimpy bikinis... as he praises his 'sweet girl' Blonde bombshell Rihanna sizzles in burlesque-style hotpants as Cara Delevingne strips to her bikini in new trailer for Valerian 'We're working on our relationship': Nick Knowles discusses saving his marriage with estranged wife Jessica after his fling with Gemma Oaten 'They were aware of what they'd done:' Mel C reveals she was BULLIED during her time in the Spice Girls... but refuses to 'name any names' 'Disgusting thing to joke about': Fans lash out at Holly Hagan as she reveals she's pregnant... but it turns out to be a prank by her boyfriend Kyle Christie 'It's going to kill me not seeing them': I'm A Celeb's Adam Thomas on separation from fiancée Caroline and son Teddy, 2, as they pose for glam shoot BBC producers cut dramatic moment Beverley Knight COLLAPSES during Children In Need Rocks performance Midway through song Radio DJ accused of 'groping' Taylor Swift claims leaked image of their encounter proves he 'didn't have his hand under her skirt' Fighting his cause Chest amazing! Amber Heard wears lacy cutaway gown as she makes rare public appearance at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Hot metal! Iskra Lawrence shows off her incredible figure as she squeezes into skintight silver dress at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards 'People view me as a glorified stripper': Chloe Madeley speaks about using her body to boost her business and says drink-driving conviction was her 'lowest point' Skin-tight! Baz Luhrmann, 54, sports a VERY wrinkle-free complexion as he poses for pictures in LA Looked years younger than his age Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men 'Is Jeremy a bully? No... not really': Richard Hammond reveals nerves about launch of £160m Grand Tour and claims the public will TORCH them if they fail Made In Chelsea's Lucy Watson displays her model good looks as she unveils her cruelty-free make-up range Huge supporter of animal charities EXCLUSIVE: 'I don't look like a Victoria's Secret model': Ferne McCann talks self-loathing and the reason for going public with THAT nose job Ewan McGregor debuts dramatically different look as he sports a severely shaved head at charity event in LA That's a close shave 'We're stronger than we've ever been': Danny Mac says Strictly curse 'isn't an issue' with his fiancee Carley Stenson as he poses for shoot with partner Oti Mabuse Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  A date to forget? Billie Piper removes 'vulgar' wedding tattoo dedicated to ex Laurence Fox Mr. Fox inking has been removed Sheer-ly amazing! Cara Delevingne stuns in black see-through gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Look away, St. Vincent That's some good ombre! Gwen Stefani glides down the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards red carpet in a stomach-baring ball gown 'Thank you for your courage': Amber Heard and Lena Dunham praise Stanford rape victim's statement as she is named a Glamour Woman of the Year  What a Dream! Blac Chyna shares heartwarming snap of newborn daughter sleeping in her arms Looked loved up with her bundle 'Your mom was just in an accident': Khloe Kardashian and Kylie Jenner stunned after learning Kris Jenner has been in a car crash in KUWTK preview Heavenly! Nicole Scherzinger is a wonder in white gown as she attends Los Angeles premiere of Moana Went all Hawaiian hottie for big event For sale! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber list beachside four-bedroom Malibu home for whopping $60 million One expensive home A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin O wow! Pregnant Natalie Portman blazes in stunning solar-themed Dior gown at Jackie premiere in LA Now that's maternity wear She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun He's a sight for sore eyes! Actor Scott Eastwood shows off his VERY muscular torso as he jogs down the beach shirtless during day out in Sydney 'I'm gonna call the police': Little Mix confess to prank calling James Corden who was less than impressed... but still doesn't know it was them on the phone 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door She looks pin-credible! Elizabeth Banks showcases her stunning stalks in burgundy dress at Glamour Women Of The Year event Disco doll! Supermodel Chanel Iman bares her back in silver-sequinned halter gown at Glamour bash A real silver siren as she hit the stylish bash Legs for days! Demi Lovato and Zendaya show off their sculpted stems in flared dresses for the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Red carpet stunners Greensleeves! Zendaya adorns herself in petals in exquisite white dress at Glamour Women of the Year Awards  Sensational shirt dress Caitlyn Jenner dazzles in bright orange gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards... after being honoured the year before Honoured last year 'The person you wake up with, you stay with': Are Meghan Markle's words in Suits hinting at her relationship with Prince Harry Art imitating life? 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Pucker up! Miles Teller plants a knockout kiss on girlfriend Keleigh Sperry at premiere of his new boxing film Bleed For This Red carpet romance Fifty shades of red! Bella Thorne dyes her hair following a recent splurge on tattoos and piercings Can't seem to settle on her look Not so quick on the draw! Evan Rachel Wood's Westworld is renewed by HBO... but may not be back until 2018 She'll be back... 'He's incredible': Vicki Gunvalson gushes about new beau on RHOC reunion and daughter Briana approves She hated last one Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public Sienna Miller stuns as she puts on leggy display in lacy gold mini dress at Tale of Thomas Burberry celebration Looked absolutely fabulous Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch At Royal Academy of Arts 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'It's the greatest thing that's ever happened to me': Justin Timberlake gushes about son Silas as he talks about returning to the studio for his fifth album What a cheek!  Amber Rose tests the limits of spandex as she showcases her robust rear in tight workout pants Bringing sexy back Green goddess! Jenna Dewan wows in skintight cutaway dress as she attends Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Green with envy? A white-hot welcome! Kylie Minogue enhances her natural beauty with minimal makeup as she returns to her hometown in a casual-chic ensemble Chrissy Teigen wears sheer white dress as she walks hand-in-hand with John Legend on romantic outing in NYC Headed out on the town amid parent duties 'You gotta know your angle!' Kylie Jenner shows Khloe Kardashian how to take the perfect selfie  She sven pays someone to take her 'selfies' Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Floating on air! Besotted dad Rob Kardashian surprises Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream with touching balloon message  Trying on for size? Bride-to-be Miranda Kerr stuns in form-fitting white frock as she makes a stylish arrival at Jaguar Concept Reveal Ready for winter! Suki Waterhouse shows off her lengthy pins in raunchy boots as she rubs shoulders with Gigi Hadid at fashion boutique launch Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass bares her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she treats children Ava and Hero to night out at School Of Rock launch Stripe a pose! Karlie Kloss turns heads in black and white lace dress as she plays up for cameras at Carolina Herrera fashion celebration in Madrid Jude Law receives Sir Ian McKellen Award at Only Make Believe Gala The 77-year-old acting legend even 'dropped in' via video from London with a personal message Natural beauty! Salma Hayek wows in chic nature-inspired print dress for her pal Stella McCartney's star-studded fashion talk in London Michelle Williams holds hands with co-star Casey Affleck at Manchester By The Sea premiere in Beverly Hills Simple and stunning Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) 'We gotta find these guys': Mark Wahlberg plays Boston cop at 2013 Marathon bombing in new trailer The upcoming film is called Patriots Day Make-up free Sofia Richie dresses down for a day of pampering at a Beverly Hills salon She doesn't appear to have had the Monday morning blues Romantic getaway? Chrissy Teigen and John Legend jet to JFK Airport without baby Luna The 37-year-old Oscar winner will likely sing his new single Poppy Delevingne flashes her abs in trendy crop top and sheer skirt combo as she cosies up to Derek Blasberg at Andy Warhol exhibition in NYC Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC Not an inch to pinch Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her The Bad Blood is real! Andy Cohen reveals juicy diss Taylor Swift nailed Katy Perry with at Met Gala Revealed his part in the feud Hot metal! Matt Damon's gorgeous wife Luciana Barroso dazzles in silvery dress during date night at Manchester By The Sea premiere Smell what The Rock's cooking? Dwayne Johnson gets very hot and bothered on the Moana premiere red carpet sweating through his suit  Fan-flipping-tastic! Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2m Instagram followers The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Sam McKnight Lazy stories and shallow people, it really is grim up North London: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  The BBC's NW was a depressing concoction Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Water body! Must be that rocking bod! Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson 'to be named' People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive He's wrestled his way to the top 'Everyone can be Barbie!' Ashley Graham reveals doll designed in her likeness after being named one of Glamour's Women Of The Year  Such a doll! Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... as her husband Wayne breaks down on I'm A Celeb Out in a gown Brooke Shields, 51, looks youthful while enjoying some retail therapy in Los Angeles Played it simply chic as she enjoyed a shopping trip James Corden on target for Christmas number one after his song for Sainsbury's advert soars up the charts  A real cracker! She's got some front! Michelle Dockery wears plunging pantsuit at premiere of her new TV show Good Behavior Brought some necessary edge Easy, rider! Chris Hemsworth whizzes across a Byron Bay beach on an electric bike in Instagram video One way to get across the beach 'I'm in love!' Nick Jonas cradles his newborn niece Valentina for the first time The Goat actor met the baby 18 days after the birth Uber-chic Olivia Palermo dons flared denim at Letters to Andy Warhol opening The 30-year-old fashion maven headed to Cadillac House Corny yes, but this Lloyd Webber show is a lesson in musical fun: QUENTIN LETTS first night review of School of Rock  He's Lord Meat Loaf! Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumours they are back together as they attend same event Interesting scenario She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance What a knockout! Katey Sagal, 62, looks half her age in shimmering gold dress at Bleed For This premiere in New York Age-defying She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells in her hands Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' Kat Von D plunks down $6.5 million for Los Angeles home used in Steve Martin comedy Cheaper by the Dozen  The L.A. Ink star is the proud new owner 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Jemima turns the page on her PR lover Freud: Socialite shares photo alongside book cover saying there is 'no caption needed'  Writes SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Looked so chic with her  wavy red tresses parted 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Maria Shriver looks beautiful in blue blouse dress as she speaks at Glamour Women Of The Year Summit She certainly looked glamorous Who's a Pretty Boy? Floyd Mayweather tries on some gold chains while browsing New York's Diamond District He is well used to wearing lots of bling Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  Southern comfort! Garth Brooks joins Miley Cyrus as he gives expert advice to final 12 The Voice contestants ahead of live performance 'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
null
    Logged In! To log in, enter your info below. Close Email Password Log In Need a new password? Need to create an account? Close Thanks for submitting a comment! Please check your email for a link that, when clicked, will verify that you're a real person and cause your comment to appear immediately. Close Post a Comment In reply to “ ” Your comment Remaining characters: 0 Your name Your email   Our terms: We reserve the right to edit or delete any comment, so please post thoughtfully. We use your email address only to send you a one-time verification message confirming that you posted this comment. We also store your address to allow you to verify using other Web browsers in the future. For more info, see our privacy policy. Close     Get TidBITS via... Email  RSS  Podcast  Twitter  Facebook  iOS App  Calendar  My Account  Log In Create Account Subscriptions Take Control Account Info Logout About Accounts Member Benefits Sections  Apple Watch Business Apps Entertainment External Links Home Macs Inside TidBITS iPhone iPad iPod Just for Fun Macs & Mac OS X Media Creation Networking Opinion Problem Solving Safe Computing Tech News Watchlist Weekly Issues  Issue #   #1346, 14 Nov 16 #1345, 07 Nov 16 #1344, 31 Oct 16 #1343, 24 Oct 16 #1342, 17 Oct 16 #1341, 10 Oct 16 #1340, 03 Oct 16 #1339, 26 Sep 16 #1338, 19 Sep 16 Back Issues About TidBITS  About Us Advertise Contact Copyright Privacy   TidBITS Members Smile ScanSnap   Thoughtful, detailed coverage of the Mac, iPhone, and iPad, plus the best-selling Take Control ebooks.     Pick an apple!  Become a TidBITS member!     TidBITS Watchlist Quicken 2017 for Mac 4.3 Airfoil 5.5.1 Capto 1.2.1 Mellel 3.5.2 BusyCal 3.1.2 and BusyContacts 1.1.4 DEVONthink/DEVONnote 2.9.7 Fantastical 2.3 Nisus Writer Pro 2.1.6 VMware Fusion 8.5.1 DEVONthink/DEVONnote 2.9.6     Related Articles Explaining Sierra’s Optimized Storage (19 Sep 16)     Published in TidBITS 1346. Subscribe to our weekly email edition. iMac Gets Competition from Microsoft’s New Surface Studio Four Reasons Why Apple Should Bid on Time Warner A Prairie HomeKit Companion: Core Concepts TidBITS Watchlist: Notable Software Updates for 14 November 2016     x Thanks for being a TidBITS email newsletter subscriber! Did you know you can get TidBITS via RSS and an iOS app, too? You can also support our work by becoming a member.Welcome to TidBITS! We make our articles available via RSS, and in a weekly curated email newsletter. You can also support our work by becoming a member, and receive several benefits.   Close To help us avoid automated posts and misuse of our site, please enter the words below. Close Gerberding Thanks for your interest in forwarding this article via email! Please fill in your email address and that of the recipient below. You can also include a short message. Close Send to* Your email* Your name* Your message * indicates required fields To help us avoid automated attempts to spam recipients, please enter the words below. Macs & Mac OS X | 10 Nov 2016 | Print  | Comment (14) How to Turn Off Sierra’s Optimized Storage by Adam C. Engst When first introducing macOS 10.12 Sierra, Apple made much of Optimized Storage, a marketing term that encompasses various settings and cloud-related technologies for moving data from a Mac’s space-constrained local drive to the cloud. In “Explaining Sierra’s Optimized Storage” (19 September 2016), I tried to lay out what Optimized Storage covers, explain the Storage Management window interface, and give suggestions about what you should or should not enable manually. Since Optimized Storage deletes data from your local drive such that it may not exist in your backups, you should be aware of the implications of turning it on. Unfortunately, because Sierra prompts you to enable Desktop and Documents folder syncing during installation and may enable the associated Optimize Mac Storage checkbox by default as well, many Mac users are unwittingly enrolling important data in Optimized Storage. Worse, reports have started circulating that Sierra may have enabled some previously disabled Optimized Storage features during the 10.12.1 update. That’s not OK. For the record, I don’t believe that Optimized Storage is inherently evil. Some of its options, such as deleting the local copies of watched movies and TV shows purchased from the iTunes Store, have few downsides. However, many people wish to maintain complete control over local storage, so I’ll explain how to disable all of Optimized Storage’s options in this article. iCloud Drive & Desktop and Documents Folder Syncing -- Technically speaking, Desktop and Documents folder syncing isn’t part of Optimized Storage. Its goal is to store your documents in iCloud Drive so you can access them from any of your Apple devices. However, Optimized Storage can apply to all iCloud Drive-based documents and data, including the Desktop and Documents folders if they’re being synced through iCloud. If Optimized Storage does decide to start deleting local files to free up space, those files are most likely to come from your Documents folder. To keep your Desktop and Documents folders out of iCloud, and to ensure that data that is in iCloud is always mirrored locally, open System Preferences > iCloud > iCloud Drive > Options, and deselect both Desktop & Documents Folders at the top of the list and the Optimize Mac Storage checkbox at the bottom. Be aware that turning off Desktop and Documents folder syncing is stressful. When you do so, in System Preferences > iCloud > iCloud Drive > Options, Sierra tells you that all your files will be available only in iCloud, which seems wrong: if you’re turning off syncing, you’re doing so because you want them locally. However, that dialog is followed immediately by another that tells you that you can recover your files from iCloud Drive. In fact, what happens when you turn off that feature is that Sierra recreates empty Desktop and Documents folders in your home folder. You can’t replace those folders, so it’s not possible to drag the old Desktop and Documents folders from iCloud Drive to your home folder. Instead, you must open each folder in iCloud Drive and move (Command-drag) its contents to the new local Desktop and Documents folders in your home folder. You can try to delete the now-empty Desktop and Documents folders from iCloud Drive, but in my experience, iCloud keeps recreating at least the Desktop folder. Photos -- Given the ease of taking and storing photos and videos, your Photos library may occupy more space than anything else — I’m not a prolific photographer and mine is still over 110 GB. If you have multiple Apple devices, using iCloud Photo Library lets you access, edit, and manage your photos from any device, which is great, even if it almost always requires that you pay for additional iCloud Drive space. iCloud Photo Library was one of the first places where Apple dipped its toes into optimizing storage because many Photos libraries are far too large to fit on iOS devices. Plus, it’s not uncommon for someone to have an iMac at home but want to play with photos on a space-constrained MacBook Air while on vacation. My recommendation is to keep Optimized Storage enabled for all iOS devices and secondary Mac notebooks where space is at a premium, but to turn it off on your main Mac so your photos are always included in your backups. To do this, open Photos > Preferences > iCloud, and select “Download Originals to this Mac.” Mail -- If you work with people who send around presentations or videos on a regular basis, Mail is likely consuming a significant amount of drive space. Email messages themselves are small, so there’s no win in deleting them, but attachments are another story. In previous versions of Mail, you could either download all attachments or leave them all on your IMAP server. Sierra’s version of Mail adds a third option to download only recent email attachments. When you open a message whose attachment hasn’t been downloaded, you can click a button to get it. If you want to see how much space you’d save by downloading only recent attachments, launch System Information, choose Window > Storage Management, and click Mail in the sidebar. Apple has bundled these features into Optimized Storage, so if you want to make sure that your local mail archive always contains both messages and attachments, so in Mail, go to Mail > Preferences > Accounts > accountName > Account Information and choose All from the Download Attachments pop-up menu. Make sure to do this for each of your accounts! iTunes -- Video can consume massive amounts of drive space, but it’s also slow to download. If you regularly purchase movies and TV shows from the iTunes Store, you can use Optimized Storage to remove watched videos from iTunes automatically. But what if you’re buying content for a child who wants to watch things multiple times, or you want to ensure you can watch anything again without having to download again over a slow Internet connection? To turn off Optimized Storage in iTunes and ensure that all the videos you purchase from the iTunes Store stick around even after you’ve watched them, navigate to iTunes > Preferences > Advanced and deselect the “Automatically delete watched movies and TV shows” checkbox. Empty Trash Automatically -- All the previously mentioned features of Optimized Storage involve deleting the local copy of a file under the assumption that it can be retrieved from the cloud if necessary. The final aspect of Optimized Storage that you might want to turn off is different — it’s an option in the Finder that automatically deletes files in the Trash after they have been there for 30 days. Frankly, there should be no downside to enabling this option. You should never depend on being able to go into the Trash to bring back a file that you deleted more than a month before. Just don’t delete any file that you might want again. That said, if you want more control over when your Trash is emptied, go to Finder > Preferences > Advanced and deselect “Remove items from the Trash after 30 days.” Manage Storage Manually -- If you’re uncomfortable with Optimized Storage but are still running out of space on your Mac’s drive, you can use the new Storage Management window to identify and delete large files. Open the System Information app, choose Window > Storage Management, and look at all the sidebar categories underneath Recommendations. With a little attention paid to the old versions of apps, unnecessary downloads, and unexpectedly large documents scattered around your drive, you can often clear a surprising amount of space in just a few minutes while retaining complete control over your local storage.   READERS LIKE YOU! Support TidBITS by becoming a member today! Check out the perks at <http://tidbits.com/member_benefits.html> Special thanks to Bruce Anderson, L Carl Pedersen, Brian Ogilvie, and Tina Garfield for their generous support!   Comments about How to Turn Off Sierra’s Optimized Storage To leave a comment, click Add a Comment and then enter the text, your name, and your email address (which won't be displayed). Your comment will appear after you follow a link in the one-time confirmation message we send to verify that you're a real person. Sierra’s Optimized Storage can free up significant amounts of space on a drive that’s bursting at the seams, but if you aren’t comfortable with the possibility of your data living only in the cloud, you can turn off each of Optimized Storage’s options. Since Optimized Storage can reportedly turn itself on after a macOS update, it’s well worth knowing how to flip those switches back off. Receive comments via RSS Add a comment JohnB (SciFiOne)   2016-11-10 22:59 Wow. That whole optimization process sounds really dumb, especially for someone who has managed their own files since the Mac Plus. I'm glad the only thing I have in iCloud is my mail. I don't intend to upgrade, but I will need a new computer someday and will have to use the OS that comes with it. So I try to keep informed. Thanks for the article. Reply Norbert E Fuchs   2016-11-11 07:40 Adam writes: "Sierra may have enabled some previously disabled Optimized Storage features during the 10.12.1 update." Motivated by this article I controlled my iCloud settings and noticed that "Keychain" was checked though I do not recall to ever have it checked. I unchecked it. Otherwise, I am not using "iCloud Drive" at all. Reply Simon   2016-11-11 08:45 Turning on new features like this without the user's explicit consent is IMHO dangerous. Turning them back on during the course of an update AFTER the user had already chosen to turn them off is, however, totally unacceptable in my book. Do we have a firm indication this is actually what Apple has done? Reply Adam Engst   2016-11-14 15:09 That's what the 9to5Mac article linked above says: https://9to5mac.com/2016/10/27/opinion-sierra-storage-management-system-nightmare/ I haven't seen it personally, and we believe that Apple's algorithm for enabling Optimized Storage features has a variety of rules underlying it, so it's hard to predict in any given situation. Reply Paul Ellis  2016-11-11 17:47 You avoid all of these problems by signing out of iCloud beforehand and having nothing further to do with it. Simple. For contacts and calendar syncing, which is actually all anyone REALLY needs, use Fruux. For everything else, forgettaboutit. The 'gain' isn't worth the pain. Remember that these 'innovations' are primarily for Apple's benefit, not yours. I'm still on El Capitan, waiting for 10.12.2. Before I 'upgrade' I will COMPLETELY REMOVE any remaining dependencies on iCloud. Job done. Reply Colleen Thompson  2016-11-15 10:08 Maybe *you* don't want to have anything to do with iCloud. It's very useful for a lot of people. While I don't want to have anything to do with Optimized Storage, I do synchronize a lot of stuff. I appreciate articles like this that help us understand the normally impenetrable Apple schema. Reply Grant  2016-11-11 20:00 Thank you, Adam. This is great. I knew about some of the problems but not how to correctly change the settings. You helped me reclaim my Documents folder and my Photos. By accident I had some of the preferences correct. It's too bad the Sierra set up process didn't allow a little more explanation and flexibility with the installation. I can see I may need to keep more and more in the cloud when I get my next MacBookPro, but for now my HD is 3TB and I'd rather own my own data and back it up onsite and offsite as I see fit. Your screen shots and narrative were wonderful! Reply Adam Engst   2016-11-14 15:09 Thanks for the kind words, and I'm glad it was helpful! Reply Paul  2016-11-11 22:57 I like iCloud Drive and the unified Desktop and Documents folders Sierra provides for all my machines. I had Optimised Storage turned on on my MBP due to limited local storage, and it worked perfectly. I always had a very healthy amount of free space. I also did not have any trouble as was reported happening here and there with files getting lost. My MBP is from mid 2010 and has been on 24/7 mostly, so it came as not too big a surprise when my HD died last week. So I put in a 3TB Fusion Drive on Thursday and now I've turned off Optimised Storage and the likes everywhere. Sierra still has to download data from iCloud and it is taking its time for that, still 193GB to go at time of writing. Reply Scott M.   2016-11-14 12:52 Adam writes: "Unfortunately, because Sierra prompts you to enable Desktop and Documents folder syncing during installation and may enable the associated Optimize Mac Storage checkbox by default as well, many Mac users are unwittingly enrolling important data in Optimized Storage. Worse, reports have started circulating that Sierra may have enabled some previously disabled Optimized Storage features during the 10.12.1 update. That’s not OK." Sorry, but "That's not OK." is a SIGNIFICANT understatement. The above highlights why I have not upgrade to Sierra to date. I thought I was getting close, but this just scrapped any plans of upgrading to Sierra anytime soon until I am assured that Apple will not hose my setup with some "feature" that I do not want. And this is also why I do not have "automatic" system updates turned on (and basically the same reason why I have no interest in Windows 10 on my Windows machines). I have zero trust in Apple not to screw up my machine. Yes, I get that automatic updates would in theory make my Mac (and Windows machines) more secure, but I don't want them at the risk of completely screwing up my system and my work flow. And this is also why when I do finally do an upgrade or even just a "dot" upgrade, I always update my clone of my Mac (and Windows machines) before doing it. Then if Apple (or Microsoft) does screw something up, I can relatively easily revert to my previous setup. Reply Scott M.   2016-11-14 13:05 Adam writes: "Some of its options, such as deleting the local copies of watched movies and TV shows purchased from the iTunes Store, have few downsides." I disagree. While technically it might have "few downsides", those few downsides could be major. I like to have local copies of my movies and TV shows, even if I watched them. I paid for them after all. And I don't trust Apple to always have them available for me to download again. And I definitely don't trust Apple to consistently stream them to something like an Apple TV. This is because I have had too many times where I try to go stream a movie that I have purchased on my Apple TV only for an error message or for it to take forever (if ever) to load and start streaming. And I have 70+ Mbps cable Internet, so it is not my Internet connection. Where it can be a significant problem is if one does not have a fast Internet connection or has some small data cap. While I don't suffer from either, others do. And if they have their movies and TV shows downloaded and then Apple turns on the iTunes part of Optimized Storage and nukes all those local copies, now that person might have to download all that content again. And that might take a long time due to a slow connection and/or monthly caps. To me, that is not a small downside. Of course, if that person was smart, they had a local backup, but it no longer surprises me how many people do not backup their files. Even if they should have had a backup, however, Apple should not be turning on such potentially destructive features by default, whether intentionally or by accident (i.e. a bug). If they are doing it intentionally, then that is grounds for me to finally punt on using the Mac if I reach the point where I am essentially forced to upgrade to Sierra...as reluctant I as I would be to do that. If it is happening because of a bug, then that tells me that their overall design of this "feature" is flawed as there should be redundancies in the design of the "feature" so that people's data does not get destroyed (i.e. repeated confirmation requests of "are you sure you want to turn this on"). Reply Eric Ladner   2016-11-14 19:52 Hi Adam, I'm sort of confused. I was concerned when I first started reading about this in many sources, especially since having your Documents only in iCloud seems to mean that you cannot access them when you do not have Internet access. But as a test I have turned off WiFi, and found that I still had access to Documents, even though the folder appears only under iCloud. You recommend deselecting both storing Documents and Desktop in iCloud, and Optimize Storage. Can't I have iCloud backups of and access to my documents, and avoid the risk of having them deleted from local storage, if I deselect only Optimize Storage? Many thanks for all the information you provide. --Eric Reply Adam Engst   2016-11-14 21:24 Yes, it's "Desktop and Documents folder syncing" so when you're offline, you simply are working on the local copy and your changes aren't being synced up to iClloud and made available to other devices. And yes, again, you can have Desktop and Documents folder syncing but not have them subject to Optimized Storage, if you deselect Optimize Mac Storage in that iCloud options dialog. Reply Eric Ladner   2016-11-15 12:30 Thanks! Reply To leave a comment, click Add a Comment and then enter the text, your name, and your email address (which won't be displayed). Your comment will appear after you follow a link in the one-time confirmation message we send to verify that you're a real person. Sierra’s Optimized Storage can free up significant amounts of space on a drive that’s bursting at the seams, but if you aren’t comfortable with the possibility of your data living only in the cloud, you can turn off each of Optimized Storage’s options. Since Optimized Storage can reportedly turn itself on after a macOS update, it’s well worth knowing how to flip those switches back off. Add a comment  Search   Cached. Unless otherwise noted, this article is copyright © 2016 Adam C. Engst TidBITS is copyright © 2016 TidBITS Publishing Inc. Reuse governed by Creative Commons License. About TidBITS | Advertise with TidBITS! | Contact Info | Copyright Terms | Privacy Policy  
About Future Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Kanex GoPower Watch Named as CES 2017 Innovation Awards Honoree Kanex GoPower Watch Named as CES 2017 Innovation Awards Honoree Posted on November 10, 2016 by Benzinga Full Feed in Press Releases Conceptual image of a businessman holding big hammer Apple certified Kanex GoPower Watch provides 6X the charge New York, NY (PRWEB) November 10, 2016 Kanex today announced that it has been named a CES 2017 Innovation Awards Honoree in the Computer Accessories category for its GoPower Watch portable Apple Watch charger. Products entered in the prestigious program are judged by a preeminent panel of independent industrial designers, independent engineers and members of the trade media to honor outstanding design and engineering in cutting edge consumer electronics products across 27 product categories. The GoPower Watch is the first cordless portable charger for Apple Watch. This portable, magnetic charging dock uses the same inductive charging connector that comes with Apple Watch. Packed with 4,000 mAh of power, GoPower Watch’s lightweight battery is capable of delivering six full charges to the Apple Watch, while an additional USB port allows an iPhone to charge simultaneously. “We are thrilled to be recognized as an honoree of the CES 2017 Innovation Awards,” said Andrew Truong of Kanex. “The Kanex GoPower Watch frees users from being tied down to wall outlets and offers six additional days of convenient, portable power packed into a premium, slim device.” The prestigious CES Innovation Awards are sponsored by the Consumer Technology Association (CTATM), the producer of CES 2017, the global gathering place for all who thrive on the business of consumer technologies, and have been recognizing achievements in product design and engineering since 1976. The Kanex GoPower Watch will be displayed at CES 2017, which runs from January 5 – 8 in Las Vegas, Nevada, in the LVCC North Hall in booth #8906. A selection of Honorees will also be displayed at CES Unveiled New York, which features dozens of exhibitors and networking opportunities and runs 3:00-7:30 PM November 10 at the Metropolitan Pavilion in New York. Entries are evaluated on their engineering, aesthetic and design qualities, intended use/function and user value, how the design and innovation of the product directly compares to other products in the marketplace and unique/novel features present. Products chosen as CES Innovation Honorees reflect innovative design and engineering in some of the most cutting edge tech products and services coming to market. CES 2017 Innovation Honoree products are featured on CES.tech/Innovation, which lists product categories, as well as each product name, manufacturer information, description, photo and URL. The Kanex GoPower Watch is available on http://www.kanex.com/gopowerwatch for $99.95, as well as Amazon.com. About Kanex Kanex is a group of thinkers, creators, technologists, go-getters and doers. As an innovative leader in connectivity solutions for Apple, iOS, PC and Android, we have thrived on creating functional products that fit seamlessly into your everyday life. We have a passion for technology, which is why we are so dedicated to advancing tomorrow’s technology, today. Our deep-rooted commitment to providing advanced consumer electronics has demanded we think not just of the individual, but also the home, the business and the environment they survive in. We are Kanex. Driven by passion, curious by nature and unconventional by design. Follow Kanex on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. More information can be found at http://www.kanex.com. ### All products/services and trademarks mentioned in this release are the properties of their respective companies. © 2016 Kanex. All rights reserved. For the original version on PRWeb visit: http://www.prweb.com/releases/2016/11/prweb13843091.htm Latest News IVCi Partners with Innovant to Deliver Award-Winning Furniture for Innovative Collaboration Solutions Top Facial Plastic Surgeon Helps Local Student Overcome Bullying and Increase Self-Confidence with Pro Bono Rhinoplasty Ahmad Alhendawi appointed the next Secretary General of the World Organization of the Scout Movement QA Graphics Content Marketing Manager Receives Google Certifications IMPORTANT EQUITY ALERT: Lundin Law PC Announces Securities Class Action Lawsuit against Tyson Foods, Inc. and Reminds Investors with to Contact the Firm NFI Listed in Top 50 Green Fleets Pepsico and 21st Century Fox Announce “The Search For Hidden Figures” Contest to Discover Emerging Female Visionaries in Science, Technology, Engineering and Math (STEM) Pepsico and 21st Century Fox Announce “The Search For Hidden Figures” Contest to Discover Emerging Female Visionaries in Science, Technology, Engineering and Math (STEM) Fordham Westchester Celebrates 40th Anniversary It’s a New Day : Time Warner Cable is Now Spectrum © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
For more local news from India, visit Bloombergquint.com Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe China’s Tech Giants Are Cloning the Apple Store With e-commerce growth slowing, tech leaders such as Alibaba and DJI push harder into local brick-and-mortar. Christina Larson larsonchristina Subscribe Reprints November 10, 2016 — 5:00 PM EST Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp Photo illustration by 731; Photographs: Getty images (3) Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp In September, Chinese drone maker DJI opened a flagship store in Hong Kong’s trendy Causeway Bay neighborhood. On the first floor, in an area cordoned off with black netting, like a batting cage, customers test the machines in flight. The second floor resembles a museum, the walls decorated with framed aerial drone photos of a bamboo forest in Kyoto, Japan; white waves trailing a ship near the Philippines; farm equipment combing fields in the Netherlands. The third floor houses a repair station, where on a recent Wednesday afternoon, three people stood in line waiting for advice. Selling in its own stores in China is new for 10-year-old DJI. While the Shenzhen company is the world’s leading seller of consumer drones, it is, unlike most Chinese tech businesses, more popular elsewhere. About 80 percent of sales come from abroad, more than half from the U.S., where hobbyist interest had been cultivated by decades’ worth of radio-controlled helicopters and other toys. The U.S. also taught DJI the value of brick and mortar, says Michael Perry, DJI’s director for strategic partnerships. A deal with Apple put the company’s new Phantom 4 drone in more than 400 Apple Stores around the world this spring, and the resulting bump in sales led DJI to think harder about expanding its in-store presence. In the past year the drone maker has opened stores in Shenzhen, Beijing, and Seoul, along with the one in Hong Kong. “It’s really important to have a place where consumers can see a drone, where they can fly it for the first time,” says Perry. “We want customers to be able to see, touch, and ask questions.” DJI’s new Shenzhen store. Photographer: Qilai Shen/Bloomberg DJI isn’t alone. In the world’s largest e-commerce market, leading technology companies are paying renewed attention to physical retail. Alibaba co-founder Jack Ma surprised shareholders when he wrote in an Oct. 13 letter, “Pure e-commerce players will soon face tremendous challenges.” Now that China’s decade-plus of double-digit growth in internet users has flattened, “in the coming years, we anticipate the birth of a reimagined retail industry, driven by the integration of online, offline, logistics and data,” Ma wrote. Alibaba Chief Executive Officer Daniel Zhang said on a Nov. 2 earnings call that the biggest opportunity in e-commerce is working together with retail operations. “Online and offline will be a single seamless experience, not just in consumer interaction, but also in the entire business operation,” said Zhang. Last year, Alibaba paid $4.6 billion for a 20 percent stake in electronics retail chain Suning. Among the potential symbioses, shoppers could use the chain’s 1,600 or so Chinese stores as showrooms, testing merchandise there before deciding whether to comparison shop online. In October the two companies announced plans to invest 1 billion yuan ($148 million) to set up an e-commerce venture designed to manage Suning stores’ presence on Alibaba sites and strengthen the chain’s customer service, among other things. Other Chinese tech brands are investing directly in shopping options modeled loosely on Apple’s retail efforts, stores in which customers can test devices and ask questions of sales staff. The shift is most clearly on display in the smartphone business, where online purchases peaked last fall and manufacturers are looking to diversify retail options, says CK Lu, a China market analyst at researcher Gartner. In the second half of last year, about 30 percent of smartphones bought in China were ordered online; in the first six months of 2016 the figure dipped to a little more than 20 percent, Lu says. Huawei, the No. 3 phone maker in the world behind Samsung and Apple, operates 515 stores across China and has teamed with retail chains. Five years ago its smartphone business barely existed. Colin Giles, executive vice president for Huawei’s consumer-business division, says its brick-and-mortar presence proved to be a big help. “You can’t ignore it,” he says. “Chinese consumers for sure are looking for a premium shopping experience.” Xiaomi, which made its name with online flash sales of its low-cost smartphones, is now looking to retail to boost its brand image and entice Chinese shoppers to splurge on its internet-connected appliances. The company operates 36 Mi Home stores in China, displaying its latest curved-screen smartphones alongside branded smart rice cookers, hoverboards, robot vacuum cleaners, and other electronics. Xiaomi says it will open 1,000 more stores in China in the next five years. “Physical stores are getting more and more important, because they offer a chance to show the value of the product,” says Jessie Ding, an analyst at researcher Canalys. She says Xiaomi’s weakness offline allowed domestic competitors to overtake it. Like Ding, Shaun Rein, managing director of China Market Research Group, says the maturing of China’s electronics market, and its electronics shoppers, places a heavier burden on companies to distinguish themselves. “It’s an absolute necessity as Chinese consumers develop more refined tastes and are willing to spend a bit more,” Rein says. “They want that personal retail experience. And if they spend more money, they care more about follow-up service.” Huawei’s Giles says his team is using customer surveys and follow-ups to learn as much as possible about what shoppers want more of, both online and off. He, too, recognizes that it’s tougher to stand out in China’s tech market than it used to be. Go to one of China’s big e-commerce sites, like Taobao or JD.com, and “there are probably over 1,000 handsets, all marketed in-site in the same way,” says Giles. “You need to have a brand to cut through.” The bottom line: Several of China’s e-commerce and mobile stars are spending heavily on retail stores to distinguish their customer service. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Subscribe now to BloombergBusinessweek China Businessweek Bloomberg Businessweek technology China Apple Stores Alibaba Group Holding Ltd Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2016 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help

YOURERIE 57° Erie Clear Sponsored By YOURERIE 57° Erie Clear Sections News Weather Sections News Local News National News whYErie? On Our Air Made In AmERIca! Newsmakers Pay It Forward Video-Center Business News Entertainment News Flight Tracker Politics Weird News Ag News Weather Weather Pinpoint Doppler Lake Forecast SkyCam Weather Alerts Picture Perfect Weather Closings And Delays Map Center 7 Day Forecast Interactive Radar Forecast Pollen Almanac Ski Report Sports Local Sports Sports Play of the Night Athlete of the Week BayHawks SeaWolves Otters Friday Night Lights NFL NBA MLB NHL NCAA Golf Auto Racing The Mike Tomlin Show Outdoor Sports Nittany Nation Pittsburgh Steelers Graham Bensinger Cleveland Browns Sports Guide Locations Community Your Events See It, Shoot It, Send It Cards for Troops Contests Life Works Flu Shot Movies Get Connected & Volunteer NoTXTNWPA Games Erie Alternative Health Obituaries Lifestyle Your Wellness Network Digital Life Health News Lottery Horoscopes Healthy Seniors Cancer Care Green Living Automotive Essentials Real Estate Essentials Education Essentials Personal Finance Home Improvement In Style Recipes for Success About Us Meet the Team TV Schedule Contact Us Stay Connected Advertise With Us Work for Us JET 50th Anniversary Closed Captioning Alerts Marketplace Ask the Professionals Business Directory Autos Coupons & Deals Free Classifieds 2017 YourErie.com Golf Pass YourErie 2Go Kings and Wings Labatt Blue Starter Pass Thrifty Thursday News Weather Community Business Directory Video Center Contests TV Schedule Don't Miss Site Relevance Date Search Site Relevance Date Search News Local News National News whYErie? On Our Air Made In AmERIca! Newsmakers Pay It Forward Video-Center Business News Entertainment News Flight Tracker Politics Weird News Ag News Weather Weather Pinpoint Doppler Lake Forecast SkyCam Weather Alerts Picture Perfect Weather Closings And Delays Map Center 7 Day Forecast Interactive Radar Forecast Pollen Almanac Ski Report Sports Local Sports Sports Play of the Night Athlete of the Week BayHawks SeaWolves Otters Friday Night Lights NFL NBA MLB NHL NCAA Golf Auto Racing The Mike Tomlin Show Outdoor Sports Nittany Nation Pittsburgh Steelers Graham Bensinger Cleveland Browns Sports Guide Locations Community Your Events See It, Shoot It, Send It Cards for Troops Contests Life Works Flu Shot Movies Get Connected & Volunteer NoTXTNWPA Games Erie Alternative Health Obituaries Lifestyle Your Wellness Network Digital Life Health News Lottery Horoscopes Healthy Seniors Cancer Care Green Living Automotive Essentials Real Estate Essentials Education Essentials Personal Finance Home Improvement In Style Recipes for Success About Us Meet the Team TV Schedule Contact Us Stay Connected Advertise With Us Work for Us JET 50th Anniversary Closed Captioning Alerts Marketplace Ask the Professionals Business Directory Autos Coupons & Deals Free Classifieds 2017 YourErie.com Golf Pass YourErie 2Go Kings and Wings Labatt Blue Starter Pass Thrifty Thursday Dow jumps 218 points to close at record high Index closes at 18,807 points Published 11/10 2016 06:50PM Updated 11/10 2016 05:23PM © Distributed by LAKANA. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. The stock market rally continued for a second day after Donald Trump beat Hillary Clinton, a reaction few expected. The Dow rose 218 points Thursday and closed at a record high for the second day in a row. And why not? It's fitting that following the most unusual presidential election campaign in recent history, the stock market is also reacting in atypical fashion. Many investors worried that a Trump win would be bad for stocks. In case you haven't heard this before, the market hates uncertainty. And Trump is uncertainty on steroids. What's more, stocks have historically gone down the day after Election Day. It hasn't mattered much if it was a Democrat or Republican winning, if the incumbent party (or president) was re-elected or if the outcome was considered an upset. According to data from Jeff Hirsch, editor of the Stock Trader's Almanac , the average decline for the S&P 500 the day after Election Day between 1932 and 2012 was 1.1%. But the S&P 500 rose 1.1% on Wednesday. The market only rallied on 6 of the past 21 post-Election Days. Stocks even fell in 1980, after Ronald Reagan, the hero of the modern Republican Party, defeated Jimmy Carter. And the market dipped nearly 1% after Reagan's landslide win over Walter Mondale in 1984 as well. Stocks plunged 5.3% in 2008 after Barack Obama was elected. Of course, those were unusually tumultuous times for the market and economy. But the S&P 500 also fell 2.4% after he beat Mitt Romney in 2012. The last post-Election Day rally prior to this year was in 2004. The S&P 500 rose more than 1% after President George W. Bush was re-elected, defeating John Kerry. But stocks also rallied after Bill Clinton won a second term in 1996. They fell slightly when he beat the first President Bush in 1992 though. The market usually gets over election jitters pretty quickly though. The S&P 500 has risen an average of 0.2% in the first three days after Election Day going back to 1932. And the market is up more than 1%, historically, between Election Day and the end of the year. So can stocks keep rallying as Trump starts to make Cabinet picks and give more details about his economic and foreign policies? Perhaps. Despite his mercurial nature during this long, nasty election cycle, Trump has already won raves from investors for his more measured acceptance speech. Trump's remarks pleasantly surprised many since he dropped much of the bombast that was a hallmark of his throughout the campaign and pledged to be a president for the whole country. Shares of many banks, drugmakers, oil companies and construction firms all rallied sharply Wednesday and rose Thursday as well. Investors now seem to be betting that Trump, combined with a Republican-controlled House and Senate, may look to unwind some of the regulations on financial services companies put into place during the Obama administration. There are also hopes that Trump will propose plans to boost infrastructure spending, drill more for oil and also push back on some of the attacks against drug and biotech companies for price hikes on key medications. But there are still questions about who Trump may appoint to key slots on the Federal Reserve over his term. That will impact the markets. Who Trump may choose to add to the Supreme Court could also have an effect on stocks. Tough talk from Trump about Mexico and China have also raised some worries that he could start a trade war which could be damaging to the markets, jobs and overall economy. © Distributed by LAKANA. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. More Stories House Dems delay leadership fight until after Thanksgiving Lyft shaves off its pink mustache Giuliani sketches foreign policy amid cabinet buzz Don't Miss YourErie.com Golf Pass Bianchi Honda SkyCam Contests Ask the Professionals Your Wellness Network Connect with YourErie Community Calendar Latest News Local National Local National John Vanco announces retirement from Erie Art Museum Local students finalist in statewide anti-drug video contest Victorian Princess prepares for winter maintenance Meadville Fire Department facing staffing woes Weekly Standard co-founder Fred Barnes speaks in Erie House Dems delay leadership fight until after Thanksgiving Lyft shaves off its pink mustache Giuliani sketches foreign policy amid cabinet buzz Facebook, Google to stop ads from appearing on fake news sites George W. Bush adopts a puppy Video Center Local News Local News Good Kid: Stop the Violence Weekly Standard co-founder Fred Barnes speaks in Erie Meadville Fire Department facing staffing woes YourErie on Facebook YourErie on Twitter Jet PinPoint Weather on Facebook YourErie2Go iPhone App YourErie2Go Android App Up Next House Dems delay leadership fight until after Thanksgiving Meet the Team Download Apps Alerts TV Schedule Nexstar Broadcasting Group Inc. © 1998 - YourErie.com | Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. | All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use Privacy Policy About Our Ads EEO Report WJET FCC Public File WFXP FCC Public File Nexstar CC Certification
Skip to content Satellite Press Releases Satellite Press Releases and News Belkin Named As CES 2017 Innovation Awards Honoree NEW YORK, Nov. 10, 2016 /PRNewswire/ — Belkin®, market leader in mobile accessories, today announced that it has been named a CES 2017 Innovation Awards Honoree in two categories: portable media players & accessories and portable power. Products entered in this prestigious program are judged by a preeminent panel of independent industrial designers, independent engineers and members of the trade media to honor outstanding design and engineering in cutting edge consumer electronics products across 28 product categories. Belkin’s Powerhouse Charge Dock for Apple Watch + iPhone, available at select retailers worldwide, offers consumers an easy 2-in-1 solution for turn-key charging.  Continue Reading Belkin logo Consumer benefits: Built-in Apple Watch magnetic charging module with integrated lightning connector for the iPhone Integrated 2-in-1 charging solution optimally charges the Apple Watch and iPhone simultaneously Elevated design keeps the Apple Watch and iPhone more protected and easier to see while charging  MFi certification ensures that this product passed rigorous mechanical, stress, and electrical tests per Apple standards Belkin’s Valet Charger Power Pack offers consumers on the go a way to charge Apple Watch and iPhone simultaneously. The Valet Charger is more than just a powerful 6700 mAh portable battery. A built-in Magnetic Charging Module offers a battery boost for the Apple Watch, while a USB port connects via Lightning cable* to simultaneously charge your iPhone. With 2 Amp total power, this 2-in-1 portable battery delivers 1 Amp to optimally charge the Apple Watch, and 1 Amp to charge your iPhone. The Valet Charger is the perfect partner to keep your devices charged, anywhere. Consumer benefits: One USB port and one built-in magnetic charging module for Apple Watch means you can charge both simultaneously Smart chips inside the valet charger automatically detect the connected devices to begin charging instantly, ensuring optimal, safe charging in the shortest possible time MFi certification ensures that this product passed rigorous mechanical, stress, and electrical tests per Apple standards “As a leader in mobile accessories including power, productivity, protection and connectivity, we are proud of our two newest power solutions,” said Steve Malony, GM and VP, Belkin. “Being honored at the CES Innovation Awards is a great way for us to end a strong year and we are incredibly optimistic going into the holiday season.” The prestigious CES Innovation Awards are sponsored by the Consumer Technology Association (CTA)™, the producer of CES 2017, the global gathering place for all who thrive on the business of consumer technologies, and have been recognizing achievements in product design and engineering since 1976. Belkin’s Powerhouse Charge Dock for Apple Watch + iPhone and Valet Charger Power Pack will be displayed at CES 2017, which runs January 5-8, 2017, in Las Vegas, Nevada. A selection of Honorees will also be displayed at CES Unveiled New York, which features dozens of exhibitors and networking opportunities and runs 3:00-7:30 PM November 10 at the Metropolitan Pavilion in New York. Entries are evaluated on their engineering, aesthetic and design qualities, intended use/function and user value, unique/novel features present and how the design and innovation of the product directly compares to other products in the marketplace. Products chosen as CES Innovation Honorees reflect innovative design and engineering in some of the most cutting edge tech products and services coming to market. CES 2017 Innovation Honoree products are featured on CES.tech/Innovation, which lists product categories, as well as each product name, manufacturer information, description, photo and URL. About Belkin Belkin® developed its first people-inspired products in 1983 with cables that quickly led to the development of the first intelligent cable that connected an Apple IIc, Apple’s first portable computer, to a printer. Today, more than one Belkin product is sold every second globally. Designed in Southern California, and extending across four pillars—power, productivity, protection and connectivity – Belkin products include award-winning lines such as the Valet™ Charge Dock for Apple Watch + iPhone, MIXIT↑™ Cables, RockStar multi-port solutions, QODE™ keyboards, and a complete range of mobile, power and charging solutions, including USB-IF certified USB-C accessories, wireless charging docks, and solutions for Android systems. Belkin’s next generation ScreenCare+ and TrueClear™ Pro screen protection service applies state of the art protection with unparalleled accuracy and is available at select leading retailers worldwide. A privately held company, Belkin has more than 1,200 employees in more than 30 countries around the world. For more information, please visit Belkin on the Web, Follow us on Twitter, Like us on Facebook, or Follow us on Instagram. © 2016 Belkin International, Inc. and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. All product names, logos, and brands are property of their respective owners.      Logo – http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20161109/437524LOGO Logo – http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160325/348115LOGO   satprnews.com Author RSS ImportPosted on November 10, 2016Categories Uncategorized Post navigation Previous Previous post: Voice of the Angels Offers Now Deeply Inspirational Psychic Readings for Free Next Next post: Arizona Mining Announces $25 Million Bought Deal Offering of Common Shares Search for: Search Recent Posts Which Skills May Be Going By the Wayside for Men? Philadelphia Media Networks Shuffles Editors Cascade Lacrosse, Maverik Lacrosse Announce New NCAA Partner Schools Green Mountain College is Named Number-One College for Sustainability, Recognized for Top Curriculum Human-Machine Teams: Lockheed Martin UAS and Optionally-Piloted Helicopters Validate Firefighting and Search-and-Rescue Capabilities Recent Comments Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 November 2013 September 2013 June 2013 March 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 July 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 April 2010 March 2010 August 2009 January 1970 Categories Satellite Space Flights Uncategorized VSAT Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Partners TS2 Space Space Flights .news Satellite Press Releases Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Why Netflix Won't Be Part of Apple's New TV App It's all about control. Adam Levy (adamlevy) Nov 10, 2016 at 5:18PM Image source: Apple. The new TV app from Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) is a great content aggregator. It collects all of the various video content consumers have access to through iTunes downloads, stand-alone streaming services, and on-demand streaming services that use pay-TV credentials. But there are a couple of major omissions: Netflix (NASDAQ:NFLX) and Amazon.com (NASDAQ:AMZN). Those omissions have led many people to criticize the app, since at least 50 million Americans watch some of their television through Netflix or Amazon Prime Instant Video. That severely limits Apple's new app in its ability to find and recommend the best content for each user. What's more, it's unlikely Netflix will ever sign on. Netflix gets a lot of value out of controlling its user experience The big issue with Apple's TV app, from Netflix's standpoint, is that it cedes control of the user experience to Apple. That could be good for stand-alone networks and online pay-TV streaming portals, which generally have poor user interfaces and low adoption. But for Netflix, which has a quality user interface and strong adoption, it's unnecessary and even detrimental to its business. Most egregiously, Apple would take over the content recommendation from Netflix, something Netflix relies on to improve watch time and churn. Earlier this year, Netflix published a paper claiming its recommendation engine saves the company $1 billion per year. "When produced and used correctly," the authors say, "recommendations lead to meaningful increases in overall engagement with the product (e.g., streaming hours) and lower subscription cancellations rates." Additionally, the TV app removes a lot of branding from the user interface. That could have a negative impact on churn for a service like Netflix or Amazon Prime Instant Video. If it's more unclear where this content is coming from, it's harder for users to justify $10 a month for one of those services. Overall, it's more likely services with a strong brand and user interface such as Netflix or Amazon will see a negative impact from Apple's TV app than the potential positives. Netflix wants its data all to itself On top of the potential detriments to Netflix's user experience, Netflix's participation in the TV app would open up a lot of its data to Apple. Netflix is historically very private about its viewer data, as is Amazon. It won't even share its data with the people responsible for creating its original content. Netflix's viewer data is one of its biggest competitive advantages. It lets it spend its content budget effectively and efficiently. It's also one of the reasons its original series have managed to become so popular. With Apple's increasing interest in producing original video content -- starting with Apple Music exclusives -- Netflix's viewer data would be immensely valuable. On the flip side, for Netflix to let its data fall into the hands of Apple could give rise to another big competitor. Even if the adoption rate of Apple's TV app remains relatively low, Netflix's participation would probably generate a significant increase in adoption. As a result, evaluating the impact of Netflix's inclusion is difficult. Management is best off staying on the sidelines and focusing on drawing consumers to its app. Giving up control of both its user experience and data is too risky, given the huge benefits each provide Netflix. Adam Levy owns shares of Amazon.com and Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon.com, Apple, and Netflix. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Adam Levy (adamlevy) Adam has been writing for The Motley Fool since 2012 covering consumer goods and technology companies. He spends about as much time thinking about Facebook and Twitter's businesses as he does using their products. For some lighthearted stock commentary and occasional St. Louis Cardinal mania Follow @admlvy Article Info Nov 10, 2016 at 5:18PM Consumer Goods Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $106.52 up $0.81 (0.77%) Amazon.com NASDAQ:AMZN $740.63 up $21.56 (3.00%) Netflix NASDAQ:NFLX $113.29 down $0.09 (-0.08%) Read More Two New Stock Picks Every Month! Can Netflix Save Cable? What Investors Missed in the Market Last Week Netflix, Inc. Third-Quarter Earnings: The Growth Story Continues 5 Things Netflix, Inc. Management Wants You to Know Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Belkin Named As CES 2017 Innovation Awards Honoree News provided by Belkin Nov 10, 2016, 17:00 ET Share this article NEW YORK, Nov. 10, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Belkin®, market leader in mobile accessories, today announced that it has been named a CES 2017 Innovation Awards Honoree in two categories: portable media players & accessories and portable power. Products entered in this prestigious program are judged by a preeminent panel of independent industrial designers, independent engineers and members of the trade media to honor outstanding design and engineering in cutting edge consumer electronics products across 28 product categories. Belkin's Powerhouse Charge Dock for Apple Watch + iPhone, available at select retailers worldwide, offers consumers an easy 2-in-1 solution for turn-key charging.  Continue Reading Belkin logo Consumer benefits: Built-in Apple Watch magnetic charging module with integrated lightning connector for the iPhone Integrated 2-in-1 charging solution optimally charges the Apple Watch and iPhone simultaneously Elevated design keeps the Apple Watch and iPhone more protected and easier to see while charging  MFi certification ensures that this product passed rigorous mechanical, stress, and electrical tests per Apple standards Belkin's Valet Charger Power Pack offers consumers on the go a way to charge Apple Watch and iPhone simultaneously. The Valet Charger is more than just a powerful 6700 mAh portable battery. A built-in Magnetic Charging Module offers a battery boost for the Apple Watch, while a USB port connects via Lightning cable* to simultaneously charge your iPhone. With 2 Amp total power, this 2-in-1 portable battery delivers 1 Amp to optimally charge the Apple Watch, and 1 Amp to charge your iPhone. The Valet Charger is the perfect partner to keep your devices charged, anywhere. Consumer benefits: One USB port and one built-in magnetic charging module for Apple Watch means you can charge both simultaneously Smart chips inside the valet charger automatically detect the connected devices to begin charging instantly, ensuring optimal, safe charging in the shortest possible time MFi certification ensures that this product passed rigorous mechanical, stress, and electrical tests per Apple standards "As a leader in mobile accessories including power, productivity, protection and connectivity, we are proud of our two newest power solutions," said Steve Malony, GM and VP, Belkin. "Being honored at the CES Innovation Awards is a great way for us to end a strong year and we are incredibly optimistic going into the holiday season." The prestigious CES Innovation Awards are sponsored by the Consumer Technology Association (CTA)™, the producer of CES 2017, the global gathering place for all who thrive on the business of consumer technologies, and have been recognizing achievements in product design and engineering since 1976. Belkin's Powerhouse Charge Dock for Apple Watch + iPhone and Valet Charger Power Pack will be displayed at CES 2017, which runs January 5-8, 2017, in Las Vegas, Nevada. A selection of Honorees will also be displayed at CES Unveiled New York, which features dozens of exhibitors and networking opportunities and runs 3:00-7:30 PM November 10 at the Metropolitan Pavilion in New York. Entries are evaluated on their engineering, aesthetic and design qualities, intended use/function and user value, unique/novel features present and how the design and innovation of the product directly compares to other products in the marketplace. Products chosen as CES Innovation Honorees reflect innovative design and engineering in some of the most cutting edge tech products and services coming to market. CES 2017 Innovation Honoree products are featured on CES.tech/Innovation, which lists product categories, as well as each product name, manufacturer information, description, photo and URL. About Belkin Belkin® developed its first people-inspired products in 1983 with cables that quickly led to the development of the first intelligent cable that connected an Apple IIc, Apple's first portable computer, to a printer. Today, more than one Belkin product is sold every second globally. Designed in Southern California, and extending across four pillars—power, productivity, protection and connectivity - Belkin products include award-winning lines such as the Valet™ Charge Dock for Apple Watch + iPhone, MIXIT↑™ Cables, RockStar multi-port solutions, QODE™ keyboards, and a complete range of mobile, power and charging solutions, including USB-IF certified USB-C accessories, wireless charging docks, and solutions for Android systems. Belkin's next generation ScreenCare+ and TrueClear™ Pro screen protection service applies state of the art protection with unparalleled accuracy and is available at select leading retailers worldwide. A privately held company, Belkin has more than 1,200 employees in more than 30 countries around the world. For more information, please visit Belkin on the Web, Follow us on Twitter, Like us on Facebook, or Follow us on Instagram. © 2016 Belkin International, Inc. and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. All product names, logos, and brands are property of their respective owners.      Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20161109/437524LOGO Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160325/348115LOGO   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/belkin-named-as-ces-2017-innovation-awards-honoree-300360242.html SOURCE Belkin Related Links http://www.belkin.com/ Nov 01, 2016, 12:00 ET Preview: Belkin Taps DuPont™ Kevlar® For New MIXIT↑™ DuraTek™ Lightning To USB Cable Collection My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Nov 01, 2016, 12:00 ETBelkin Taps DuPont™ Kevlar® For New MIXIT↑™ DuraTek™ Lightning To... Oct 27, 2016, 17:18 ETBelkin Introduces Thunderbolt™ 3 Express Dock HD Explore More news releases in similar topics Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Networks Awards Trade Show News You just read: Belkin Named As CES 2017 Innovation Awards Honoree News provided by Belkin Nov 10, 2016, 17:00 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
null
Customer Care Contact Us Staff Directory Circulation Redeliver Paper Vacation Hold Online Access Help Newsroom Corrections News Tip Letters to the Editor You Said It Media Kit Place a Classified Subscribe Login Register 60° F Clear Wind SSE at 1 MPH Pressure 1023 MB Dewpoint 35° F Visibility 9 miles Area forecast >     Home Weather Breaking News Columnists Obituaries Magazines Coupons Oil & Gas RSS Contests News Western Colorado Colorado U.S. World Business Blotter Politics 2016 Election Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns You Said It Sports High School CMU GJ Rockies Local Results College Columns Community JUCO Wrestling Outdoors Hiking & Camping Biking Hunting & Fishing Snow Sports Spring Summer Fall Winter Lifestyle Health & Wellness Home & Garden Food Celebrate! Social Junction Cheers! Pets Entertainment Music Movies Television Puzzles & Games Festivals and Events Blogs Let's Get Dirty Music on the Goe Birds and More Photos & Video All Photo Galleries All Videos Sandstone to Summit Directories Downtown Grand Junction Local Business Churches Events Ask a Pro Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Cars • Articles/Galleries/Videos • Classifieds • Business Directory Tip: Use quotation marks to search for articles. SHARE Listen up: Our interaction with sound has changed By David Goe Thursday, November 10, 2016 When Apple announced the iPhone 7 would not have a 3.5 mm headphone jack, my immediate reaction, much like yours, was WTF? I stream music off my phone more than I do on any device, often through a pair of chunky, traditional, over-the-ear studio headphones. How could the company that revolutionized the way people consume music literally cut the chord between users and their devices?  As it turns out, there are smarter ways to stream audio. A 3.5 mm headphone jack serves very little purpose other than sending out audio. Headphone jacks take up a lot of space, you can’t send power through it, you can’t connect other devices through it, you can’t operate the phone through it, and you can’t waterproof it. In other words, in the eyes of the world’s most innovative tech company, 3.5 mm jacks are obsolete. One of the biggest consumer complaints that come with any new device like the iPhone 7 is that upgrading often forces you to update your companion devices as well. After spending hundreds of dollars on a new phone you must also upgrade your chargers, cases and headphones in order to take advantage of the new device’s technology. That’s a luxury that many people struggle to afford, but if you are able to do it, the new wave of wireless artificially intelligent audio headphones available to consumers is nothing short of a revelation. First, let’s start with Apple’s AirPods, the wireless companion earbuds to the iPhone 7. It’s clear from Apple’s new line of products that they firmly believe in a wireless future and also a future where multiple devices sync and communicate with each other. Yes, the AirPods are earbuds, but they do much more than just playback audio. AirPods recognize the user’s voice, allowing you to talk to Siri, Apple’s built-in, AI assistant, without taking your phone out of your pocket or fidgeting with the Apple Watch. With AirPods you can make calls, launch a music playlist, adjust the volume and get directions all through the sound of your voice.    Third-party hardware developers are also brining AI headphone systems to the market with some very cool features. Bragi Dash wireless earbuds will learn your body’s gestures and respond accordingly. For example, nod yes to accept a call, shake your head no to decline it. They are also waterproof and can track your activity level, making them a nice accessory for athletes.    Most impressive is Doppler Labs’ Here One headphone system. At face value Here One gives users much of the same function as Apple’s AirPods. Users can make calls, talk to a device’s AI assistant and stream audio, but the big differences are that Here One can sync with a variety of operating systems and, most importantly, it allow users to tune the audio world around them. What does that mean exactly? Well, think about the last time you were on an airplane. How badly did you want to tune out the overwhelming white noise of air travel and the crying baby one row back? Using Here One’s accompanying app you can literally choose what you want to hear. Remove the chaos around you with a quick adjustment and focus solely on your streaming music. It’s noise cancelation done smartly.  Here One also allows users to EQ the world around them. For example, if you were at a loud concert and felt the snare hits from the drum kit were too loud, using their app you could EQ that frequency out and make a personal audio mix much more tolerable and enjoyable to listen to. These new wireless headphones are meant to be functional, wearable technology that allows us to interface and fine-tune our relationship with technology in a very personal way. As someone who spends the bulk of their day streaming audio, often on the go, shaping sound to fit my needs is enticing. If this kind of technology is available now, I can only image what advancements we will see in the near future.  Regardless, useful wearable technology is here and the way we interact with audio will never be the same. ■ Read more from David Goe at the Music on the Goe blog at GJSentinel.com. You can email Goe at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) or follow him on Twitter at @David_Goe. COMMENTS TOP JOBS Journeyman Electricians Montrose Electrical Contractor is now hiringJourneymanElectricians Ft Assisstant Manager FULL-TIMEASSISTANT MANAGERDUTIES: Knowledge ofhardware... Rns, Lpns, Cnas RN's12 hour shifts- FT & PRNSIGN ON BONUS LPN's Press Room Help WantedPart Time Position inPrint ShopComputer skills hel... Administrator Small Water UtilityWestern Slope ColoradoWater Utility... Independent Contractor BUSINESS OPPORTUNITYWould you like to deliver newspapers as an Indep... Search More Jobs GJSENTINEL.COM Sections • Grand Junction News • Grand Junction Weather • Grand Junction Opinion • Grand Junction Sports • Grand Junction Lifestyle • Grand Junction Entertainment • Grand Junction Blogs • Grand Junction Obituaries Contact • Staff directory • Send a news tip • Corrections • Report a broken link • Submit a letter to the Editor • Submit a You Said It • Sign up for Email Updates Marketplace • Grand Junction Classifieds • Find Grand Junction Jobs • Grand Junction Real Estate • Grand Junction Rentals • Grand Junction Cars • Place an ad THE DAILY SENTINEL 734 S. Seventh St. Grand Junction, CO 81501 970-242-5050; M-F 8:00 - 5:00 Editions • Subscribe to print edition • E-edition Advertisers • Advertiser Tearsheet • Information © 2016 Grand Junction Media, Inc. By using this site you agree to the Visitor Agreement and the Privacy Policy
Featured Story: 5 Things You Didn't Know Your iPhone's Home Button Could Do iOS Gadget Hacks: Unchaining iPhone & iPad to get tomorrow's features today — WonderHowTo How To: A Security Bug Just Made It Risky to Open Links on Your iPhone—Here's How to Protect Yourself Dallas Thomas 4 days ago A Security Bug Just Made It Risky to Open Links on Your iPhone—Here's How to Protect Yourself A new hack has reopened an 8-year-old iPhone security loophole that Apple thought it had fixed back with iPhone OS 2.2. This is not one of those times when a theoretical attack gets identified and blocked quickly by Apple. On the contrary, it's a hack that actually exists right now, and it can have some serious real-world repercussions, so this is something all iPhone users need to be aware of. Don't Miss: 23 Important iOS 10 Privacy Settings Everyone Should Double-Check How the Hack Works As an iPhone user, the main thing you need to know is that this hack can force your phone to dial any number, while locking you out of the in-call UI to prevent you from hanging up, and all of this can happen if you just tap an infected link. The hack exploits a security hole in iOS's WebView, which is what apps like Twitter and Facebook use to render webpages without having to open the link externally in Safari. So basically, if you're using any app that has its own "built-in" web browser, any link you tap could make you fall victim to the attack. 18-year-old iPhone app developer Meetkumar Hiteshbhai Desai was brought up on felony charges in Arizona after allegedly setting up a website that used this exploit. According to the police report, Desai created a website that used this malicious code to make other users' phones dial 911 repeatedly. He then shared the link on Twitter, and after several unsuspecting iPhone users visited the page, the Maricopa County Sheriff's office received over 100 hang-up calls to 911 in just a few minutes. So you can see how this could pose a huge risk to public safety, but the hack has even more sinister potential. Theoretically, an online stalker could set up a link that forced other phones to dial his or her number, then simply use caller ID to associate your online username with your personal phone number. And because the hack can lock you out of the phone interface, you wouldn't be able to hang up before the call went through. It could also be used for charged calls to make a quick buck. What You Need to Do to Avoid This This bug does not affect Safari, Chrome, or any third-party web browser for iOS—just the system WebView. That means that you can safely surf the internet if you stay inside your preferred web browser. The problem comes when you tap a link from within an app that is not a web browser. Some apps might open the link externally in Safari, which wouldn't cause any problems. But other apps use the vulnerable WebView to render pages without opening Safari, so this is where you have to be careful. So if you want to be extra safe, don't tap any links unless you're using Safari. For a more reasonable approach, you could simply avoid tapping links in any non-Safari app unless you trust the person or website who posted the link. You could also press and hold on hyperlinks to the URL, or use 3D Touch to preview it, which can help you determine if a link is legit or possibly malicious. Apple already tried to squash this bug once, but it didn't stay dead, which means we can't assume that a security fix will be pushed out quickly this time. So until we see an iOS update that specifically mentions fixing this bug, we'll just have to be a bit more careful while tapping links in third-party apps. Follow Gadget Hacks on Facebook, Twitter, Google+, and YouTube Follow Android Hacks on Facebook, Twitter, and Pinterest Follow WonderHowTo on Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest, and Google+ Cover photo by Dallas Thomas/Gadget Hacks Related News: Apple's iOS 7.1.1 Update Is Now Available: Why It's a Bigger Deal Than You Think How To: Patch the SSL Bug Without Updating Your Jailbroken iPad or iPhone to iOS 7.0.6 How To: Your Email Attachments Are Not Secure if You're Using Apple's Mail App in iOS 7 News: Huge iPhone Security Flaw Reveals One Big Benefit iOS Has Over Android News: Uber Is Offering Up to $10,000 to Anyone Who Finds Bugs in Their App or Website Fresh Today: The Latest iOS 10 Bugs, Features & Updates You Should Know About News: The 10 Most Annoying Things About iOS 10 for iPhone News: Hackers Claim 1$ Million Bounty for Security Flaw in iOS 9 How To: Get iOS 10 on Your iPad or iPhone Right Now with Apple's Public Beta How To: Keep Others from Replying to Messages on Your iOS 10 Lock Screen News: Apple Releases Developer Beta 6 to Put the Finishing Touches on iOS 10 WANTED: Hackers for Bug Bounties Siri Exploited—Again: How to Bypass the Lock Screen in iOS 8 (& How to Protect Yourself) How To: Downgrade Your iPad or iPhone from iOS 10 Back to iOS 9.3.5 How To: Everything You Need to Know About Apple's 4th Beta for iOS 7.1 on the iPad, iPhone, & iPod Touch Major Bug Alert: iPhones & iPads Unrecoverably Bricked by Setting a Bad Date How To: Everything You Need to Know About iOS 8.1 Beta 2 for iPad, iPhone, & iPod Touch Siri Exploited: Bypass the iPhone's Lock Screen to Browse Contacts, Make Calls, Send Emails, & Texts (iOS 7.1.1) How To: The Easiest Way to Add Widgets on Your iPhone in iOS 10 How To: Fix Cell Service & Touch ID After Installing the iOS 8.0.1 iPhone Update How To: Maps for iPhone Saves Your Parking Spot Automatically in iOS 10 News: PSA—iOS 10 Beta Might Eat Up All Your Data How To: 18 Sneaky Privacy-Betraying Settings Every iPhone Owner Must Know About iOS 7 News: iOS 10 Will Be Released on September 13, but the Gold Master Is Available Now How To: Everything You Need to Know About Apple's New iOS 7.1 Beta 5 for iPad, iPhone, & iPod Touch News: 11 Features Apple Needs to Include in iOS 10 What’s New in iOS 8.3: Diverse Emojis, Password-Less Free Apps, Filtered Messages, & More How To: Auto-Fill Credit Card Forms Using Your iPhone's Camera in iOS 8 How To: Stop Portrait Mode from Taking 2 Pics (& Eating Up Space) on Your iPhone 7 Plus How To: 23 Important iOS 10 Privacy Settings Everyone Should Double-Check How To: Find Emails on Your iPhone Faster with iOS 10's New Mail Filters WiFi Prank: Use the iOS Exploit to Keep iPhone Users Off the Internet How To: Beef Up Your iPhone's Passcode Security with a Blank Keypad on Your iOS 7 Lock Screen How To: Bypass Candy Crush Saga's Waiting Period to Get New Lives & Levels Immediately How To: Patch the Latest Android "Master Key" Bugs on Your Samsung Galaxy S3 News: Bugzilla Cross Site Request Forgery News: Monkey Being News: Amazing 3D video capture using Kinect News: Apple Developers Running Beta Builds of iOS 7.1 Still Vulnerable to SSL Security Flaw Insect Photography Challenge: It's a Bug Eat Bug World Be the First to Comment Share Your Thoughts You Login to Comment Click to share your thoughts Hot Latest How To: A Security Bug Just Made It Risky to Open Links on Your iPhone—Here's How to Protect Yourself News: iOS 10.2 Beta Adds New Camera Setting, Extra Emoji & More News: Apple Is Selling Two Types of iPhone 7 Plus & One of Them Stinks How To: Get a Black Dock & Folders on Your iPhone's Home Screen How To: Stop Portrait Mode from Taking 2 Pics (& Eating Up Space) on Your iPhone 7 Plus How To: Rate Songs with Stars in iOS 10's Music App How To: 23 Important iOS 10 Privacy Settings Everyone Should Double-Check Fresh Today: The Latest iOS 10 Bugs, Features & Updates You Should Know About How To: Keep Your Night Vision Sharp with iOS 10's Hidden Red Screen How To: Keep Others from Replying to Messages on Your iOS 10 Lock Screen How To: Disable Your Spotlight Search History in iOS 10 How To: Stop Your iPhone's Screen from Randomly Turning On in iOS 10 How To: Activate Your iPhone's Hidden Magnifying Glass in iOS 10 News: The Best Accessories to Buy Now That the iPhone 7 Doesn't Have a Headphone Jack How To: Delete Handwritten Messages from the 'Recents' List on iOS 10 to Clear Your Handwriting History How To: Message Effects Not Working in iOS 10? Here's How to Enable Them News: The 10 Most Annoying Things About iOS 10 for iPhone How To: Use the New iMessage App Store in iOS 10 to Send Custom Stickers, Weather Info & More How To: The 68 Coolest New iOS 10 Features You Didn't Know About How To: Charge Your iPhone 7 While Listening to Music All Features How To: A Security Bug Just Made It Risky to Open Links on Your iPhone—Here's How to Protect Yourself How To: Secretly Track Someone's Location Using Your iPhone How To: Record Your iPad or iPhone's Screen (No Jailbreak or Computer Required) How To: Put Music on Your iPhone Without Using iTunes How To: How Thieves Unlock Passcodes on Stolen iPhones (And How to Protect Yourself Against It) How To: Save YouTube Videos Directly to Your iPhone's Camera Roll How To: Which Apple Watch Size Is Best for You? Use Our Printable Cutouts to Find Out How To: Download & Save Any File Type onto Your iPhone How To: 8 Tricks for Fixing Your iPhone's Broken Home Button How To: Passcode Lock Your Photos & Messages Apps in iOS 8 How To: Download Music & Video Files onto Your iPhone Without iTunes Exclusive: Dual-Boot Android on Your iPhone (iOS 7+) How To: Restore an iPod Touch Without Using iTunes How To: Download & Play Game Boy Advance ROMs on Your iPad or iPhone—No Jailbreak Required News: iOS 10.2 Beta Adds New Camera Setting, Extra Emoji & More How To: Make an Easy DIY Stylus for Your iPhone 6 or 6 Plus Using Stuff You Already Have How To: Message Effects Not Working in iOS 10? Here's How to Enable Them How To: Customize Your iPhone's Email Signature—The Ultimate Guide How To: Permanently Delete Text Messages on Your iPhone How To: Fix an iPad, iPhone, or iPod Touch That Won't Charge Anymore All Hot Posts © 2016 WonderHowTo, Inc Sections iOS Gadget Hacks How-Tos iOS 10 Tips Jailbreaking Keyboards iOS 9 Tips Cydia Hacks Apple Watch iOS 8 Tips Gaming No-Jailbreak Hacks Security Customization iOS 7 Tips Everything Else News iOS Gadget Hacks News iPhone 7 Leaks iPhone 6 Leaks Everything Else Forum iOS Gadget Hacks Forum iOS 7 News General Discussion Featured Sites WonderHowTo Home Food Hacks Daily Next Reality Gadget Hacks Null Byte The Secret Yumiverse MacGyverisms Lock Picking Mad Science Mind Hacks Categories Alcohol Arts & Crafts Autos, Motorcycles & Planes Beauty & Style Business & Money Computers & Programming Dance Dating & Relationships Diet & Health Disaster Preparation Education Electronics Family Film & Theater Fine Art Fitness Food Gambling Games Hobbies & Toys Home & Garden Hosting & Entertaining Language Magic & Parlor Tricks Motivation & Self Help Music & Instruments Outdoor Recreation Pets & Animals Pranks & Cons Software Spirituality Sports Travel Video Games Weapons Next Reality Sites Next Reality Home Augmented Reality News Mobile AR News Google Glass Mixed Reality News HoloLens Magic Leap Meta 2 Virtual Reality News HTC Vive Mobile VR News Oculus Rift Gadget Hacks Sites Gadget Hacks Home Android Gadget Hacks Nexus HTC One Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung GS4 Samsung Galaxy S3 Nexus 7 Samsung Galaxy Note 2 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy S6 LG G3 Amazon Fire OnePlus Samsung Galaxy S7 Galaxy Note 4 iOS Gadget Hacks Smartphones Hacks, Mods & Circuitry Digiwonk Internet Mac Tips Windows Tips Cord Cutters Tablets Tech Pr0n Featured on WonderHowToHow to Get the Pixel's Navigation Buttons & Google Assistant Animation on Your Nexus
CNET Reviews CNET 100 Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Software Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Forums News Apple Computers Crave Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Tour the CNET Smart Home Smart Home News Smart Home How To Best Smart Home Devices Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Games Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español CNET Tech Industry Apple CEO urges workers to 'move forward together' postelection Apple CEO urges workers to 'move forward together' postelection Tim Cook tells his staff in a memo that, in spite of the "strong feelings" that follow the election, the only option is to keep on keeping on. Apple CEO urges workers to 'move forward together' postelection 0 Share: Tech Industry by Shara Tibken 10 November 2016 8:00 pm GMT @sharatibken by Daniel Van Boom 10 November 2016 8:00 pm GMT @dvanboom Up Next Facebook may have built then ditched an update to fight fake news Apple CEO Tim Cook is trying to steady rattled employees. Photo by James Martin/CNET Apple CEO Tim Cook is telling his company the only thing to do after Donald Trump's election is to keep pushing ahead "together." "In a political contest where the candidates were so different and each received a similar number of popular votes, it's inevitable that the aftermath leaves many of you with strong feelings," he said Wednesday in a companywide memo. "Regardless of which candidate each of us supported as individuals, the only way to move forward is to move forward together." The political divide is wide in the US: 49 percent of Republicans say the Democratic Party makes them "afraid," and 55 percent of Democrats say the same about the Republican Party, according to Pew Research from June. Related stories Trump's win reveals social media's blind spot Trump's first election victory tweet: 'We will all come together' How Trump's victory disrupts the tech disruptors Cook's memo addressed this division. "Our company is open to all, and we celebrate the diversity of our team here in the United States and around the world -- regardless of what they look like, where they come from, how they worship or who they love," he wrote. It's unclear what impact a Trump presidency will have on the technology sector. The president-elect hasn't exactly been friendly to Apple and others in Silicon Valley. Trump has said several times that he would force Apple to build its devices in the US, something that would upend Apple's manufacturing process. He also called for people to boycott Apple's products until the company helped the FBI unlock a phone used by a shooter in the San Bernardino, California, terrorist attack. Apple had resisted the FBI's request, saying it wanted to protect the privacy of its users. The FBI ended up withdrawing its request for Apple's help in that case, but the issue is one that's sure to pop up again. Worry about what a Trump presidency would mean for Silicon Valley caused many in tech to endorse Hillary Clinton. Apple didn't make public comments about the presidential race or run a political action committee, but Cook reportedly held a campaign fund-raiser for Clinton this summer. He had also hosted a fund-raiser for Republican House Speaker Paul Ryan. Cook, as one of tech's only openly gay CEOs, has made a big push for social justice and diversity (though Apple still has a long way to go in terms of its own diversity numbers). Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg had a similarly measured response while watching the election results. "I thought about all the work ahead of us to create the world we want for our children. This work is bigger than any presidency and progress does not move in a straight line," he said in a Facebook post. Others in Silicon Valley haven't reacted so calmly. Airbnb and Uber investor Shervin Pishevar said he wants California to withdraw from the United States and become its own nation. Here's the full text of Cook's memo. Team, I've heard from many of you today about the presidential election. In a political contest where the candidates were so different and each received a similar number of popular votes, it's inevitable that the aftermath leaves many of you with strong feelings. We have a very diverse team of employees, including supporters of each of the candidates. Regardless of which candidate each of us supported as individuals, the only way to move forward is to move forward together. I recall something Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., said 50 years ago: "If you can't fly, then run. If you can't run, then walk. If you can't walk, then crawl, but whatever you do you have to keep moving forward." This advice is timeless, and a reminder that we only do great work and improve the world by moving forward. While there is discussion today about uncertainties ahead, you can be confident that Apple's North Star hasn't changed. Our products connect people everywhere, and they provide the tools for our customers to do great things to improve their lives and the world at large. Our company is open to all, and we celebrate the diversity of our team here in the United States and around the world -- regardless of what they look like, where they come from, how they worship or who they love. I've always looked at Apple as one big family and I encourage you to reach out to your co-workers if they are feeling anxious. Let's move forward -- together! Best, Tim First published November 10, 7:11 a.m. PT. Update, 12:00 p.m.: Adds full memo and background information. Tags Apple Tech Industry Tim Cook Apple All the latest Apple news, featuring developments on the iPhone, iPad, Macbooks, OS X and much more. Nov 15 ​Super Mario Run for iPhone: Release date, price and gameplay Nov 15 Apple said to be mulling new focus on smart glasses Nov 14 Apple MacBook Pro with Touch Bar review: Second-screen dream machine Nov 14 Microsoft Visual Studio is coming to Mac, kinda All Apple Stories Related Stories NBA star Stephen Curry gets a little 'CoachUp' in funny video Here's what 40 internet companies want Trump to do Blurring the CNET Tech Today lines: Website or app? iPhone sales will 'suffer' if Trump targets China, officials warn Close   Discuss: Apple CEO urges workers to 'move forward... Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: Facebook may have built then ditched an update to fight fake news The best moment from every Marvel Cinematic Universe movie Each movie in the MCU is full of incredible moments. Here's CNET Managing Editor Eric Franklin's choices for the single best moment from each of them. by Eric Franklin Close Drag CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
iDownloadBlog Home Jailbreak How to Jailbreak Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Cydia Unlock How to Unlock Unlock News iPhone iPhone News iPhone 6s iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6 iPhone Photography iPad iPad News iPad Air iPad mini Watch Apple Watch Guide Mac Mac Mac Apps Mac Tips TV Apple TV guide Apps iOS Apps Mac Apps Widgets Best Apps App Finder Tips Tips How to Tutorial iPhone Photography Download Deals Daily Deals: $40 off RAVPower battery pack, $270 off 13-inch MacBook Pro,... Black Friday Mac Bundle: 9 top-rated apps available at 94% off today... 7 USB-C cables you might need for your new MacBook Pro How to try out the new MacBook Pro Touch Bar on any...   skip to main content skip to main menu     Ireland is cheering in favor of Apple in EU state aid tax ruling By Christian Zibreg, Nov 10, 2016 Tweet 2 Comments In August, the European Commission slammed Apple with a tax bill from hell over a sweetheart deal it received from Ireland—which, in the Commission’s view, constitutes “illegal state aid”. Dublin promptly promised to join Apple’s fight against EU and it’s put its money where its mouth is. Michael Noonan, Finance Minister in the Irish government, said that Dublin today challenged the EU judgment by submitting an appeal to the European courts in a bid to block the decision, ArsTechnica reports. “The government fundamentally disagrees with the European Commission’s analysis,” Noonan told EU’s Economic and Monetary Affairs Committee yesterday. “The decision left the government no choice but to take an appeal to the European Courts and this will be submitted tomorrow.” He said Dublin was seeking to protect “the integrity of our tax system, provide tax certainty to business” and to “challenge the encroachment of EU state aid rules into the sovereign member state competence of taxation.” It is no secret that the Irish government doesn’t really want Apple to pay it €13 billion in back taxes (£11.1 billion or about $14.16 billion). No, seriously—Dublin does not want the money. Following a three-year investigation and a ruling in August that Apple had received €13 billion in “illegal state aid” from the Irish government, EU Competition Commissioner Margrethe Vestager said that “EU member states cannot give tax benefits to selected companies—this is illegal under EU state aid rules.” “The government fundamentally disagrees with the European Commission’s analysis and the decision left the government no choice but to take an appeal to the European courts,” Ireland’s finance minister fired back in September. Apple, of course, is confident the decision will be overturned. Apple’s position’s been that it follows the law and pays every cent of the taxes owed “wherever we operate,” likening EU’s ruling to an effort to “rewrite” Apple’s history in Europe, “ignore” Ireland’s tax laws and “upend” the global tax system in the process. “The Commission’s case is not about how much Apple pays in taxes—it’s about which government collects the money,” Apple originally reacted to the massive tax bill. U.S. treasury officials have argued that the EU ruling would “constitute a transfer of revenue to the EU from the US government and its taxpayers.” The Cupertino firm employs more than 5,000 people in Ireland. Source: Ars Technica Share: Tweet Follow: Follow @iDownloadBlog We Recommend The government of Ireland will back Apple in its fight against EU’s tax bill from hell Here’s Tim Cook’s message to Apple community regarding massive Irish tax bill EU orders Apple to pay $14.5 billion in back taxes European Commission to reportedly rule against Apple’s sweetheart tax deal with Ireland Related Topics Apple, Corporate, EU, Ireland, Money, News, Rumors, Tax, taxes, “ John Only the Irish could be against receiving €13 billion. JohnS I don’t think it’s that the Irish don’t want €13 billion, I think it’s that they don’t want the EU setting this kind of precedent. The ability for some commission to tell a country not only do we not like the way your have your tax structure but we demand that you charge back taxes as if you’d never done it your way is horrifying and Ireland knows this would destroy their draw for businesses. Taking this money would cost them a lot more in the long run.   Search Connect with iDownloadBlog Facebook Become a fan RSS Get the latest news YouTube Watch Us Twitter Stay up to date Newsletter News delivered to you Google+ Add us to your circle   The most recent headlines Twitter unveils expanded Mute filter and a more direct way to report hateful conduct SSD in the new MacBook Pro with Touch Bar can’t be upgraded A quick look at upcoming “TV” app on Apple TV Super Mario Run is coming to iPhone and iPad on December 15 WhatsApp rolls out end-to-end encrypted video calling   The latest jailbreak news Jailbreak tweaks of the week: EmojiSuggest, PasswordRecovery, & more… EmojiSuggest brings iOS 10-like emoji suggestions to the predictive keyboard WiJoin lets you know what Wi-Fi network you’re connected to PasswordRecovery stores passwords and recovers them when you forget them NCTextColor lets you add vibrancy to Notification Center iDownloadBlog           iDownloadblog.com About About Advertise Contact Keep in Touch Twitter Facebook RSS Feed Newsletter Push Notifications Podcasts Let's Talk iOS Let's Talk Jailbreak Site Stuff Disclosure Privacy Policy   Copyright iDownloadBlog 2016. This website is not affiliated with Apple.
Skip to content Satellite Press Releases Satellite Press Releases and News Sarcastic Sticker Emojis for iMessage Creative Mischief DALLAS, Nov. 10, 2016 /PRNewswire/ — Emojis are great for expression, but why did it take so long for Apple to introduce the middle finger Emoji? The demand for it was clearly peppered all over the Internet on forums. Prickmojis wants to increase the capabilities for the sarcastic thirsty texter. Thanks to the most recent update of Apple’s operating system iOS10, expression received an extension and quite the moving upgrade. Welcome animated “Stickers.” Photo – http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20161110/437946 “Stickers” will eventually become more integrated into the text message channel. It essentially opened the door for designers, and programmers armed with a plethora of amazing creative software, to translate their creativity onto the text screen. A texter can add stickers on top of pictures, texts, stretch them out, send individually, and sending them is intuitive with one click away from the keyboard once installed. It allows designers and programmers the ability to add functionality as an extension into iMessages’ native messaging platform. Apple is crowd-sourcing creativity and giving the platform for people to sell all while taking a cut from it. Brilliant move. Prickmojis hopes to be fortunate to understand this opportunity early and cater to like minded texters. Animation, and good (free, for now) animated sarcastic emojis, are the result. Gianni Secchi, Prickmoji’s co-founder, speaks a little bit about how it came around, why it makes sense, and future plans. “My extremely smart business partner, Varghese Mathew, downloaded iOS10 before it was available to snoop around and see if there were any opportunities. He quickly noticed the stickers, and had the coding ability to configure. I’m a nerd with a dated animation hobby in my back pocket armed with a self-deprecating sense of humor. Drooling began. We wanted to make friendly insults more effective, and creative through animation. The group chats that make us smile the most are those with your friends that have a little bit of history together, which you’re making fun of each other. We researched tons of text chats, applying emotions to conversations with ridiculous characters, and tried to add ‘hip’ phrases all these darn kids are saying these days, cause us white boys always trying to stay fresh. We think it’s raw, and put out what we think may be popular with full intention of changing it with our fans guidance. The cool thing is, once we make this our full time operation, we can update new animated emojis daily and make sure it’s keeping our fans laughing. To do so we’ve got to build a bit more steam. We’re looking at it as an obligation. In the end of the day, it’s not what we think is hilarious (even though we are hilarious, duh); it’s what our fans do. “The future of the product and potential capabilities is what gets us the most excited.  We’ve got plans to add audio directly with the stickers, which is hush hush for now. It’s easy to look to future plans, but since these are branded characters the progression of Virtual Reality makes us the most excited. Imagine throwing out a dancing goofball politely passing gas (with audio) as a hologram on your friend’s phone sitting in his living room? That’s cool in my book! Who am I to speak so far ahead though, nor have I ever passed gas, ha! We are just trying to get more people to join the journey with us.  A journey we want our fans, if they think it’s worth being a fan, to have a voice and tell us what animation emojis they want. That’s why we are offering it for FREE for a limited time. It will most likely push the borderline of shock value if I’d put a guess out there, but we hope to see with time. Lastly, if you download it, be sure to snapshot funny text conversations and send it here. We will post it to all our social media accounts (Instagram/Twitter @prickmojis) and give you guys a little anonymous love. Thanks for reading my poor English!” You can check out Prickmojis by simply searching in the Apple App store, and download it free. For now. If you are having issues seeing the Prickmoji app in the iMessage dashboard, be sure to enable the app in the manage tab of the iMessage store. Related Images image1.png image2.png image3.png This content was issued through the press release distribution service at Newswire.com. For more info visit: http://www.newswire.com satprnews.com Author RSS ImportPosted on November 10, 2016Categories Uncategorized Post navigation Previous Previous post: Burns & McDonnell Opens New Office in Mexico City Next Next post: Record-Setting Mini IPO Brings in over $10 Million from Customers as VidAngel Readies for November 14th Preliminary Injunction Hearing Search for: Search Recent Posts Which Skills May Be Going By the Wayside for Men? Philadelphia Media Networks Shuffles Editors Cascade Lacrosse, Maverik Lacrosse Announce New NCAA Partner Schools Green Mountain College is Named Number-One College for Sustainability, Recognized for Top Curriculum Human-Machine Teams: Lockheed Martin UAS and Optionally-Piloted Helicopters Validate Firefighting and Search-and-Rescue Capabilities Recent Comments Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 November 2013 September 2013 June 2013 March 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 July 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 April 2010 March 2010 August 2009 January 1970 Categories Satellite Space Flights Uncategorized VSAT Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Partners TS2 Space Space Flights .news Satellite Press Releases Proudly powered by WordPress
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Sarcastic Sticker Emojis for iMessage Creative Mischief News provided by Prickmojis Nov 10, 2016, 15:49 ET Share this article DALLAS, Nov. 10, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Emojis are great for expression, but why did it take so long for Apple to introduce the middle finger Emoji? The demand for it was clearly peppered all over the Internet on forums. Prickmojis wants to increase the capabilities for the sarcastic thirsty texter. Thanks to the most recent update of Apple's operating system iOS10, expression received an extension and quite the moving upgrade. Welcome animated "Stickers." Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20161110/437946 "Stickers" will eventually become more integrated into the text message channel. It essentially opened the door for designers, and programmers armed with a plethora of amazing creative software, to translate their creativity onto the text screen. A texter can add stickers on top of pictures, texts, stretch them out, send individually, and sending them is intuitive with one click away from the keyboard once installed. It allows designers and programmers the ability to add functionality as an extension into iMessages' native messaging platform. Apple is crowd-sourcing creativity and giving the platform for people to sell all while taking a cut from it. Brilliant move. Prickmojis hopes to be fortunate to understand this opportunity early and cater to like minded texters. Animation, and good (free, for now) animated sarcastic emojis, are the result. Gianni Secchi, Prickmoji's co-founder, speaks a little bit about how it came around, why it makes sense, and future plans. "My extremely smart business partner, Varghese Mathew, downloaded iOS10 before it was available to snoop around and see if there were any opportunities. He quickly noticed the stickers, and had the coding ability to configure. I'm a nerd with a dated animation hobby in my back pocket armed with a self-deprecating sense of humor. Drooling began. We wanted to make friendly insults more effective, and creative through animation. The group chats that make us smile the most are those with your friends that have a little bit of history together, which you're making fun of each other. We researched tons of text chats, applying emotions to conversations with ridiculous characters, and tried to add 'hip' phrases all these darn kids are saying these days, cause us white boys always trying to stay fresh. We think it's raw, and put out what we think may be popular with full intention of changing it with our fans guidance. The cool thing is, once we make this our full time operation, we can update new animated emojis daily and make sure it's keeping our fans laughing. To do so we've got to build a bit more steam. We're looking at it as an obligation. In the end of the day, it's not what we think is hilarious (even though we are hilarious, duh); it's what our fans do. "The future of the product and potential capabilities is what gets us the most excited.  We've got plans to add audio directly with the stickers, which is hush hush for now. It's easy to look to future plans, but since these are branded characters the progression of Virtual Reality makes us the most excited. Imagine throwing out a dancing goofball politely passing gas (with audio) as a hologram on your friend's phone sitting in his living room? That's cool in my book! Who am I to speak so far ahead though, nor have I ever passed gas, ha! We are just trying to get more people to join the journey with us.  A journey we want our fans, if they think it's worth being a fan, to have a voice and tell us what animation emojis they want. That's why we are offering it for FREE for a limited time. It will most likely push the borderline of shock value if I'd put a guess out there, but we hope to see with time. Lastly, if you download it, be sure to snapshot funny text conversations and send it here. We will post it to all our social media accounts (Instagram/Twitter @prickmojis) and give you guys a little anonymous love. Thanks for reading my poor English!" You can check out Prickmojis by simply searching in the Apple App store, and download it free. For now. If you are having issues seeing the Prickmoji app in the iMessage dashboard, be sure to enable the app in the manage tab of the iMessage store. Related Images image1.png image2.png image3.png This content was issued through the press release distribution service at Newswire.com. For more info visit: http://www.newswire.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/sarcastic-sticker-emojis-for-imessage-creative-mischief-300360841.html SOURCE Prickmojis Related Links http://www.prickmojis.com My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. You just read: Sarcastic Sticker Emojis for iMessage Creative Mischief News provided by Prickmojis Nov 10, 2016, 15:49 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
  Create an account | Login: | Lost password AfterDawn | News | Guides | Software downloads | Tech Support | Forums Home News News search Recent headlines | Do Trump's policies with China create a trade war? AfterDawn > News > Apple CEO after Trump victory: Let's move forward -- together! Apple CEO after Trump victory: "Let's move forward -- together!" Written by Matti Vähäkainu (Google+) @ 10 Nov 2016 14:49 Apple as a tech company in Cupertino, California is by default a left-leaning place to work at. No only that Tim Cook has been supporting Hillary Clinton for president by hosting her fundraisers. Now that Trump won the election, the CEO has had to come forward and try humbly build bridges and unite employees. The letter Tim Cook send his employees was posted by MacRumors and it is an important message to workers within Apple. It highlights core values of Apple, which include diversity. This time Cook is not only defending the diversity of race, religion, and sex but also diversity of opinion, which makes it an important statement. He stresses that Apple's goal hasn't changed and principles it stands for have not changed. Apple is a company that is open to all and creates products that improve people's lives. "We have a very diverse team of employees, including supporters of each of the candidates," Cook states in the letter and continues to emphasize the importance of moving forward together by any means possible quoting Dr. Martin Luther King Jr., and closes his letter in same tone, "Let's move forward -- together!" Trump has criticized Apple for not enabling a back door to San Bernadino terrorist Syed Farook's phone as well as investing in foreign manufacturing. Tweet Tags: Tim Cook Apple Donald Trump <Facebook stops using WhatsApp data thanks to UK watchdog >Samsung's new venture to car electronics cost it $8 billion Previous Next Write a comment Comment this article Create a new account or log in Latest news Do Trump's policies with China create a trade war? (15 Nov 2016 8:55) President elect Donald Trump has been criticizing the deals the US has made with China during nearly the entire election cycle. Accusing China of manipulating their currency, Trump wants stricter .... Samsung's new venture to car electronics cost it $8 billion (15 Nov 2016 8:43) Samsung announced yesterday that is has bought a car electronics company Harman for approximately 8 billion US dollars. Obviously behind the acquisition is the strategic move towards car infotainment .... 1 user comment Apple CEO after Trump victory: "Let's move forward -- together!" (10 Nov 2016 14:49) Apple as a tech company in Cupertino, California is by default a left-leaning place to work at. No only that Tim Cook has been supporting Hillary Clinton for president by hosting her fundraisers. .... Facebook stops using WhatsApp data thanks to UK watchdog (09 Nov 2016 14:07) As Facebook bought the world's largest messaging platform WhatsApp in 2014 it promised to keep it clear of ads and keep messaging private. Now the UK watchdog has had to come in and stop Facebook .... Samsung to rival Google and Apple with its own AI assistant (07 Nov 2016 14:18) Samsung is trying to do its best to keep discussion away from the catastrophic failure of Galaxy Note7. Mostly this means talking about future products and most importantly the upcoming Galaxy S8. .... 4 user comments Latest user comments Google giving out $50 Play vouchers due to delays in Pixel shipmentsSoTired @ 11 Nov 2016 5:15 Samsung to rival Google and Apple with its own AI assistanthearme0 @ 09 Nov 2016 14:14 Samsung to rival Google and Apple with its own AI assistantSoTired @ 09 Nov 2016 13:43 Samsung to rival Google and Apple with its own AI assistantivymike @ 08 Nov 2016 6:59 Samsung to rival Google and Apple with its own AI assistantRezer @ 07 Nov 2016 19:39 Samsung investing over billion dollars in Austin, TX plantBozobub @ 07 Nov 2016 11:59 Samsung investing over billion dollars in Austin, TX plantKillerBug @ 07 Nov 2016 11:51 Google is struggling to get people paying for YouTubeajsmsg78 @ 05 Nov 2016 14:17 Show more user comments News archive - Choose a month - November, 2016 October, 2016 September, 2016 August, 2016 July, 2016 June, 2016 May, 2016 April, 2016 March, 2016 February, 2016 January, 2016 December, 2015 November, 2015 October, 2015 September, 2015 August, 2015 July, 2015 June, 2015 May, 2015 April, 2015 March, 2015 February, 2015 January, 2015 December, 2014 November, 2014 October, 2014 September, 2014 August, 2014 July, 2014 June, 2014 May, 2014 April, 2014 March, 2014 February, 2014 January, 2014 December, 2013 November, 2013 October, 2013 September, 2013 August, 2013 July, 2013 June, 2013 May, 2013 April, 2013 March, 2013 February, 2013 January, 2013 December, 2012 November, 2012 October, 2012 September, 2012 August, 2012 July, 2012 June, 2012 May, 2012 April, 2012 March, 2012 February, 2012 January, 2012 December, 2011 November, 2011 October, 2011 September, 2011 August, 2011 July, 2011 June, 2011 May, 2011 April, 2011 March, 2011 February, 2011 January, 2011 December, 2010 November, 2010 October, 2010 September, 2010 August, 2010 July, 2010 June, 2010 May, 2010 April, 2010 March, 2010 February, 2010 January, 2010 December, 2009 November, 2009 October, 2009 September, 2009 August, 2009 July, 2009 June, 2009 May, 2009 April, 2009 March, 2009 February, 2009 January, 2009 December, 2008 November, 2008 October, 2008 September, 2008 August, 2008 July, 2008 June, 2008 May, 2008 April, 2008 March, 2008 February, 2008 January, 2008 December, 2007 November, 2007 October, 2007 September, 2007 August, 2007 July, 2007 June, 2007 May, 2007 April, 2007 March, 2007 February, 2007 January, 2007 December, 2006 November, 2006 October, 2006 September, 2006 August, 2006 July, 2006 June, 2006 May, 2006 April, 2006 March, 2006 February, 2006 January, 2006 December, 2005 November, 2005 October, 2005 September, 2005 August, 2005 July, 2005 June, 2005 May, 2005 April, 2005 March, 2005 February, 2005 January, 2005 December, 2004 November, 2004 October, 2004 September, 2004 August, 2004 July, 2004 June, 2004 May, 2004 April, 2004 March, 2004 February, 2004 January, 2004 December, 2003 November, 2003 October, 2003 September, 2003 August, 2003 July, 2003 June, 2003 May, 2003 April, 2003 March, 2003 February, 2003 January, 2003 December, 2002 November, 2002 October, 2002 September, 2002 August, 2002 July, 2002 June, 2002 May, 2002 April, 2002 March, 2002 February, 2002 January, 2002 December, 2001 November, 2001 October, 2001 September, 2001 August, 2001 July, 2001 June, 2001 May, 2001 April, 2001 March, 2001 February, 2001 January, 2001 December, 2000 November, 2000 October, 2000 September, 2000 August, 2000 July, 2000 June, 2000 May, 2000 April, 2000 March, 2000 February, 2000 January, 2000 December, 1999 November, 1999 October, 1999 September, 1999 August, 1999 July, 1999 June, 1999 Subscribe Latest news via RSS Add to your Google homepage Add to My Yahoo! Add to MyMSN Add to Netvibes About us Advertising / Media kit Feedback Privacy policy & Terms of Use Sections: Tech News Guides and Tutorials Software Downloads Top Downloads Forums Glossary Follow us: Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube RSS Feeds: Latest News Software Updates © 1999-2016 AfterDawn Oy. All rights reserved Back to Top ⇧
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker TL;DR Forums more Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker TL;DR Forums ✕ Apple Microsoft US & World Tech CEO letters to employees address feelings of unrest after election New, 125 comments An 'emotionally-charged election' by Lauren Goode@LaurenGoode Nov 10, 2016, 3:24pm EST share tweet Linkedin Over the past 24 hours, top executives at Apple, eBay, Box, LinkedIn, and Microsoft have all sent company-wide memos urging employees to try to move forward, and expressing the belief that people are inherently good. Others, like Facebook’s Mark Zuckerberg, have posted public statements about having to find new ways to work together. It’s the kind of messaging that a company leader would send after a natural disaster, an attack on the nation, or a looming crisis within the company. Only this time, the looming crisis is the president-elect. The fact that CEOs are compelled to communicate with employees following this year’s election shows how rattled Silicon Valley is. It’s been an "emotionally-charged election," as eBay’s Devin Wenig wrote, an "emotional roller coaster of toxic rhetoric" according to Box’s Aaron Levie, the aftermath of which is "leaving many of you with strong feelings," as Apple’s Tim Cook wrote. LinkedIn's Jeff Weiner wrote that "polarization and open hostility was sustained for so long that people with opposing views became more caricature than actual human beings." The kind of messaging you'd expect to see after a natural disaster or crisis within the company Sure, CEOs have congratulated president-elects before, and are doing that now. They’ve marked momentous and historic occasions with tweets and letters and opinion pieces. But this is different. This time, a presidential candidate has run a divisive campaign that simultaneously appealed to working-class voters and alienated many others who felt — who still feel — threatened by the racist, misogynistic, and authoritarian views he has expressed. More pointedly for Silicon Valley, Donald Trump’s jabs at the tech industry have often been antagonistic. He called for a boycott of Apple products over the company’s dispute with the FBI in the wake of the San Bernardino tragedy, has accused social media companies of burying news about Hillary Clinton, has called out tech companies for moving jobs overseas, and has taken an overt anti-immigration stance, a stark contrast to the tech sector’s embrace of high-skill visa programs that bring in foreign talent. (It’s also possible — and perhaps likely — that some of Trump’s policies could be beneficial to tech companies, like a so-called tax holiday for the money companies have been hoarding overseas.) Arguably, these notes from top executives to their thousands of employees might have held more weight if they were sent out before the election, not as responses to an outcome. But doing so might have alienated employees, or carried the tone of telling them who to vote for. Some CEOs may have been concerned that vocalizing their thoughts around a contentious election would have impacted their business, although the particular irony of that will now be determined by how a Trump presidency affects the broader economy. Silicon Valley was caught flat-footed and open-mouthed in the wake of a traumatizing election season Even if they had expressed these thoughts beforehand, it still might not have mattered: Silicon Valley was, and still is, in its own echo chamber, caught flat-footed and open-mouthed in the wake of a traumatizing election season; building cool new products for people every day but having underestimated the extent to which people were willing to vote for a productized presidential candidate, one who at some level rejects their techno-utopianism. The notes being shared so far carry hopeful tones. Box CEO Levie reiterated the company’s values of "openness and inclusion." Apple’s Cook said the company’s "North Star hasn’t changed," and also included an inspiring quote from Martin Luther King Jr. eBay’s Wenig said to "stay focused." CEOs have a particular interest in keeping employees motivated to do work, and in offering the support that enable employees to do this. All of us, tech employees or otherwise, have to wake up, get out of bed, and go about our days. But it’s the subtext and the context that are most meaningful: the fact that they’re writing these letters in the first place. They want to remind people that their workplaces are diverse, and that they should show mutual respect for each other. They’re asking them to work together in the spirit of generosity. They now feel compelled to tell their employees to just be kind to each other. Please, let’s be decent to one another. This election season has brought us all to this point, whether in Silicon Valley, or anywhere else. Next Up In 2016 Election Tim Wu on advertising, Donald Trump, and Google's central tragedy Facebook follows Google in banning fake news sites from its ad network How social platforms influenced the 2016 election China threatens to cut iPhone sales if Trump declares a trade war Donald Trump says Facebook and Twitter ‘helped him win’ Trump chooses Breitbart News boss Stephen Bannon to be his chief strategist Now Trending MacBook Pro with Touch Bar review: a touch of the future WhatsApp opens up video calling to everyone The Walking Dead Redemption Club season 7, episode 4: Service This Article has a component height of 13. The sidebar size is medium. Loading comments... The Latest Google Apps Tech Google PhotoScan turns your prints into high-quality digital images by Casey Newton@CaseyNewton The team behind Google Photos has released a new app for turning your old prints into digital photos, letting you save them to the cloud with a single tap. PhotoScan, which is being made available today on iOS and Android, lets you quickly scan a... Transportation Cars BMW BMW is expanding its car-sharing service to Brooklyn by Anisa Purbasari Car2go and Zipcar are about to get some new competition Transportation A 98-foot-wide sinkhole in Japan was repaired in one week by Lizzie Plaugic Last Tuesday, a massive sinkhole opened up across a five-lane street in the Japanese city of Fukuoka. Today, the street reopened. It took about two days for workers to completely mend the sinkhole, according to The Guardian, and a few more days... Circuit Breaker Tech Gadgets Toms-branded Apple Watch bands are for when you want to look like a woke bae by Ashley Carman@ashleyrcarman Toms, the brand behind those heinous yet popular slip-on shoes, is releasing Apple Watch bands. Similarly to the shoes, a purchase of a watch band results in Toms doing something good for people around the world. The company says it’ll provide one... New, 9 comments Apps Business Tech Asana introduces boards as part of an all-out assault on Trello by Casey Newton@CaseyNewton Asana, the fast-growing work-tracking tool created by a co-founder of Facebook, today declared war on Trello, its biggest rival. Asana, which has to date been known for its collaborative to-do lists, today introduced boards — essentially a... Star Wars Books Culture Star Wars author James Luceno on setting the stage for Rogue One by Andrew Liptak@AndrewLiptak With Star Wars: Rogue One just around the corner, fans are beginning to wonder how the Galaxy Far, Far Away translates from the era of The Revenge of the Sith to that of A New Hope. Rogue One takes place just before the events of that first film,... New, 0 comments Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2016 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker TL;DR Forums more Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker TL;DR Forums ✕ Apps Tech Cybersecurity What messaging app should you use now that Donald Trump is the president-elect? New, 20 comments by Ashley Carman@ashleyrcarman Nov 10, 2016, 3:19pm EST share tweet Linkedin Donald Trump won the US presidential election this week, and a lot of people are nervous. Trump previously called for a boycott of Apple’s products after it refused to build a backdoor key for law enforcement who wanted to access the iPhone of a suspected terrorist. Trump has also repeatedly voiced his interest in maintaining “law and order,” a vague desire that might concern some activists. With a Republican congress, Trump also has the power to pass legislation that could offer law enforcement more comprehensive access to Americans’ private communications. We don’t yet have concrete encryption policies from Trump, but given these past statements, it might be time to switch to an encrypted messaging app. Encryption can’t stop the NSA or the most determined attackers from viewing your data, but it at least offers a baseline level of protection. Here’s what you need to know about the messaging apps you’re already using and how they compare to one another privacy-wise: iMessage: iMessage is end-to-end encrypted by default between iPhones, and Apple made a point of fighting for its users’ privacy earlier this year following the mass shooting in San Bernardino. That default iMessage encryption doesn’t matter, however, if the person you’re texting has an Android phone because Messages will revert to unencrypted SMS. iPhones are encrypted by default, so Apple can’t get into a device or read sent messages, even if it wanted to do so. That being said, The Intercept reported that Apple logs the people its users message. Whenever a message is sent, Apple’s Messages app asks Apple’s servers whether the contact has an iMessage account, thereby giving Apple information about who you’re contacting. That information is logged, along with the date and time the request was made. Those logs are saved for 30 days, although check-ins with Apple’s servers continue to happen on a regular basis. That contact information can be given to law enforcement with a warrant. WhatsApp: WhatsApp is end-to-end encrypted by default through Open Whisper’s open-source Signal protocol. Only messages in-transit are protected, however. While the messages might be secured and unreadable, at least without heavy cooperation from WhatsApp, the company still retains and stores chat logs, even after they’ve been deleted. iOS researcher Jonathan Zdziarski found that data from those chat logs can be restored if anyone gains physical access to a device. WhatsApp also shares some individual data, including phone numbers, with Facebook. Telegram: Telegram doesn’t end-to-end encrypt chats by default, although users can turn encryption on in “secret chats.” The company relies on its own MTProto protocol, which many researchers are skeptical is completely secure because the founders designed the cryptographic algorithm themselves. Signal: Signal is end-to-end encrypted by default and funded through donations and grants. The app encrypts both phone calls and messages, and also doesn’t store metadata. An observer could only see that you pinged Signal’s servers — not who you contacted or when. Signal is preferred among most cryptographers but can run into issues when connecting iOS and Android users. Facebook Messenger: Messenger chats aren’t encrypted end-to-end by default. Users have to open a “secret conversation,” and both users have to be using an updated version of Messenger. Conversations can only be accessed on a single device, and chat logs can be deleted from your profile settings. You can also set an expiration date on messages, which will make them disappear after a certain amount of time. Like WhatsApp, Messenger relies on the Signal protocol for encryption. Allo: Google’s new messaging app stores all messages by default. The chat logs last on Google’s servers until a user actively deletes them, and the app doesn’t enable end-to-end encryption by default. Incognito Mode is encrypted end-to-end and stored on Google’s servers as encrypted. As a result of that logging, law enforcement can request chat logs using a warrant, similar to Gmail and Hangouts. More From The Verge Google will soon ban fake news sites from using its ad network China's right: smartphones are a big reason Trump can't win a trade war Donald Trump is about to control the most powerful surveillance machine in history A Tribe Called Quest’s new album is tear-jerking, essential protest music Watch Dogs 2 is exactly what the original game should have been Predicting Westworld: so it’s Lost Now Trending MacBook Pro with Touch Bar review: a touch of the future WhatsApp opens up video calling to everyone The Walking Dead Redemption Club season 7, episode 4: Service This Article has a component height of 14. The sidebar size is medium. Loading comments... The Latest Google Apps Tech Google PhotoScan turns your prints into high-quality digital images by Casey Newton@CaseyNewton The team behind Google Photos has released a new app for turning your old prints into digital photos, letting you save them to the cloud with a single tap. PhotoScan, which is being made available today on iOS and Android, lets you quickly scan a... Transportation Cars BMW BMW is expanding its car-sharing service to Brooklyn by Anisa Purbasari Car2go and Zipcar are about to get some new competition Transportation A 98-foot-wide sinkhole in Japan was repaired in one week by Lizzie Plaugic Last Tuesday, a massive sinkhole opened up across a five-lane street in the Japanese city of Fukuoka. Today, the street reopened. It took about two days for workers to completely mend the sinkhole, according to The Guardian, and a few more days... Circuit Breaker Tech Gadgets Toms-branded Apple Watch bands are for when you want to look like a woke bae by Ashley Carman@ashleyrcarman Toms, the brand behind those heinous yet popular slip-on shoes, is releasing Apple Watch bands. Similarly to the shoes, a purchase of a watch band results in Toms doing something good for people around the world. The company says it’ll provide one... New, 9 comments Apps Business Tech Asana introduces boards as part of an all-out assault on Trello by Casey Newton@CaseyNewton Asana, the fast-growing work-tracking tool created by a co-founder of Facebook, today declared war on Trello, its biggest rival. Asana, which has to date been known for its collaborative to-do lists, today introduced boards — essentially a... Star Wars Books Culture Star Wars author James Luceno on setting the stage for Rogue One by Andrew Liptak@AndrewLiptak With Star Wars: Rogue One just around the corner, fans are beginning to wonder how the Galaxy Far, Far Away translates from the era of The Revenge of the Sith to that of A New Hope. Rogue One takes place just before the events of that first film,... New, 0 comments Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2016 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
iDownloadBlog Home Jailbreak How to Jailbreak Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Cydia Unlock How to Unlock Unlock News iPhone iPhone News iPhone 6s iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6 iPhone Photography iPad iPad News iPad Air iPad mini Watch Apple Watch Guide Mac Mac Mac Apps Mac Tips TV Apple TV guide Apps iOS Apps Mac Apps Widgets Best Apps App Finder Tips Tips How to Tutorial iPhone Photography Download Deals Daily Deals: $40 off RAVPower battery pack, $270 off 13-inch MacBook Pro,... Black Friday Mac Bundle: 9 top-rated apps available at 94% off today... 7 USB-C cables you might need for your new MacBook Pro How to try out the new MacBook Pro Touch Bar on any...   skip to main content skip to main menu     Apple is increasing the size of its Siri team in Cambridge, job ads reveal By Christian Zibreg, Nov 10, 2016 Tweet 12 Comments About a year ago, a certain California firm quietly snapped up VocalIQ, a UK-based startup that used machine learning to build conversational virtual assistants. Subsequent reports noted that Apple kept most of the startup’s employees to work out of their unmarked Cambridge, UK office on integrating VocalIQ technology into Siri. Citing sources with knowledge of the matter, Business Insider reports that Apple is now looking to increase the size of the Siri team in Cambridge. “In a bid to make Siri that bit more useful to iPhone, iPad and Mac owners, Apple intends to hire at least half a dozen software engineers in Cambridge in the coming months,” reads the post. Apple is looking to fill the following positions, as per job ads on LinkedIn: Siri Operations Engineer Senior Software Engineering Manager – Siri Software Engineer in Test Software Engineer/Senior Software Engineer Senior Software Engineer – Team Lead – Siri Siri – Principal Software Engineer Apple’s Cambridge office is currently home to a team of roughly 30 people working on voice recognition technology that would let Siri and users speak to each other in a more natural dialogue. VocalIQ’s software, however, hasn’t found its way into Siri yet. Some of the job ads seek experts in machine learning and big data, hinting at the company’s recently explained plans to add more smarts to its personal digital assistant. “You will be joining a highly talented team of software engineers and machine learning scientists to develop the next generation of Siri,” reads one of the ads. “We use world class tools and software engineering practices, and push the boundaries of artificial intelligence with a single aim: make a real difference to the lives of the hundreds of millions of Siri users.” On a related note, Apple earlier this year also bought Turi, another machine learning and artificial intelligence startup, and spun the startup into its new machine learning unit in Seattle, where Turi was originally based. Source: Business Insider Share: Tweet Follow: Follow @iDownloadBlog We Recommend Samsung Galaxy S8 to integrate Viv personal assistant developed by Siri creators Video hands-on: 10+ new features in iOS 10.2 beta 1 Apple to unify its separate cloud services teams to improve Siri, Maps, iTunes, iCloud & more Project “Invisible Hand” would let users fully control Apple devices via Siri within 3 years Related Topics Apple, Hiring, Machine learning, News, Rumors, Siri, Voice edwilk55 Finally taking the fact that she kind of sucks seriously? 🙂 Prasoon Singh It’s not even close to Google Assistant. Bacillus Apple is the #1 inadequate company to develop the Siri sequel. Its developers tried multiple times, got frustrated, and went to Samsung. Since then, Apple is in struggle with its architecture and its improvement has been only incremental and fragmentary. They can’t scale over multiple architectures, applications and languages. VocalIQ buy-out is just window dressing Case lost. Jayy They are probably doing that because Samsung bought Viv and are implementing a stock voice assistant with the S8 (p.s. Anyone else getting these web errors on iDB?) https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/2ff0baa6c9f81e3174d262f22fd160e5d80edee77cfb5682cc9a95cf0e82375f.png Sebastien Can you please send me the link that returns this error? Jayy Well it happens randomly on any article clicked, but next time it happens I’ll copy the URL. Sebastien Very strange. You should try clearing your Safari cache and website data in Settings. Might help. Jayy I actually just did that no less than 2-3 weeks ago, and I was getting that error even before then. It could be because I’m Jailbroken on 9.0.2, but this is the only site that happens on. It’s not a big issue though, it just takes a sec longer to get to the article that’s all. Sebastien The fact that you are jailbroken could be part of the problem, especially since no one else is reporting this issue. I can’t replicate it myself. I will however keep an eye on it. In the meanwhile, I do suggest clearing cache/website data in Safari Settings. This will probably help. Jayy Will do! And to give you an idea of how it happens, when I click on an article the page loads up then before I can scroll down that screen in the image I posted displays itself. edwilk55 Yeah…I was really hoping there would be some Viv inclusion if the real deal is 1/2 as good as the demo was. But too late now. 🙁 Jayy Same here, the Viv demo made me wish Apple bought it. But nope the S8 will have it 🙁   Search Connect with iDownloadBlog Facebook Become a fan RSS Get the latest news YouTube Watch Us Twitter Stay up to date Newsletter News delivered to you Google+ Add us to your circle   The most recent headlines KGI details three new iPhones coming in 2017, including 5.5″ OLED model with dual cameras Twitter unveils expanded Mute filter and a more direct way to report hateful conduct SSD in the new MacBook Pro with Touch Bar can’t be upgraded A quick look at upcoming “TV” app on Apple TV Super Mario Run is coming to iPhone and iPad on December 15   The latest jailbreak news Jailbreak tweaks of the week: EmojiSuggest, PasswordRecovery, & more… EmojiSuggest brings iOS 10-like emoji suggestions to the predictive keyboard WiJoin lets you know what Wi-Fi network you’re connected to PasswordRecovery stores passwords and recovers them when you forget them NCTextColor lets you add vibrancy to Notification Center iDownloadBlog           iDownloadblog.com About About Advertise Contact Keep in Touch Twitter Facebook RSS Feed Newsletter Push Notifications Podcasts Let's Talk iOS Let's Talk Jailbreak Site Stuff Disclosure Privacy Policy   Copyright iDownloadBlog 2016. This website is not affiliated with Apple.
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 24° | Max. 31° Air Quality: PSI 41-51 We set you thinking Wednesday 16 November 2016 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream World Senior Pakistan official says to visit India, hints at detente 1479230695 World Nepal detains Tibetan refugees in crackdown as China's influence grows 1479230545 World Russia says its missile strikes did not hit Aleppo: Ifax 1479229643 World State TV says Syrian air force strikes Aleppo old city 1479229324 World Thousands of UK prison officers walk out over rising jail violence 1479228518 World Russian PM says does not understand Ulyukayev case 1479228072 World Czech lawmakers seek to make defaming the president a crime 1479228403 World Turkey eyes reset with U.S. under Trump, but honeymoon may be brief 1479229922 World Russian Economy Minister put under house arrest for two months 1479228049 World U.S. to maintain commitment to allies in Asia, admiral says 1479229755 World EU agrees defense budget increase as Britain lifts block 1479230184 World Kenya sets fire to 5,000 illegal weapons in crime fight 1479228656 Business Deloitte says leaked Brexit memo was written without UK government input 1479228314 Business Exclusive: Four large Wells Fargo shareholders want more action from board 1479229392 Business Boeing still to lift 737 output after United fleet changes 1479229134 Business Boeing shares fall as United Airlines cancels 737 order 1479228495 Business UK government disputes suggestion it has no plan for Brexit: PM's spokeswoman 1479227659 Business Federal Reserve says will be more open about 'stress tests': GAO report 1479230355 Business Elon Musk-backed AI startup and Microsoft sign cloud agreement 1479227877 Business UK house-building hits post-financial crisis high 1479230283 World Ex-minister Macron to run for French presidency - source 1479229650 Business Exxon in negotiations with Chad over record $74 billion fine: Bloomberg 1479230874 World Kerry announces Yemen ceasefire over objections of government 1479228735 World Russia uses aircraft carrier for big attack on Syrian rebels 1479229324 World Air strikes pound rebel-held east Aleppo after weeks-long pause 1479229324 Business Tata Global Beverages ousts Cyrus Mistry as chairman 1479228698 World South Africa's opposition files complaint against Zuma over corruption 1479228945 World Air strike hits third Syrian hospital in 24 hours: monitor 1479229324 Business Oil prices soar on renewed hopes of OPEC output deal 1479229228 World Russian Economy Minister Ulyukayev denies extorting $2 million bribe 1479229478 World Only 13 percent of recent refugees in Germany have found work: survey 1479225959 World France, U.N. tell Trump action on climate change unstoppable 1479227286 World Colombia president to have prostate cancer tests in U.S. 1479226000 World Some 14 million in northeast Nigeria may need humanitarian aid in 2017: U.N. 1479225246 World German court rejects opposition's bid for disclosure of NSA spy targets 1479224990 World Lafarge faces legal complaint over actions in Syria 1479227067 World France's Macron to run for presidency: source 1479226749 Business UK's SFO wants Boath lawsuit heard privately to protect Barclays' probe 1479225404 Business Sanofi, GSK expect further price pressure, more M&A under Trump 1479227319 Business Twitter to upgrade some features to thwart cyber-bullying 1479226117 Business VW reaches agreement on fixes, buybacks for 80,000 polluting U.S. diesels 1479227434 World France's Sarkozy denies Libya allegations, will take legal action 1479226441 World Both sides accused of abuses in battle for Mosul 1479225109 Business S&P, Nasdaq rise as tech stocks back in favor 1479227416 Business Home Depot maintains full-year sales forecast, disappointing investors 1479225306 Business Oil rallies on output bets; U.S. yields, dollar steady 1479226974 China&India Hong Kong bars pro-independence lawmakers, setting stage for turmoil 1479199860 Business Uncertain economy sees 1.9% decline in non-auto retail sales 1479216960 World Obama urges America not to unplug from global economy 1479214260 World Russian minister was detained at Rosneft offices: lawyer 1479223458 Business Tech groups may bring cash piles back to US under Trump Apple alone has about US$200 billion stashed overseas, and the iPhone-maker has been targeted by the European Commission in its efforts to crack down on tax avoidance. Photo: AP mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 4:00 AM, November 11, 2016 WASHINGTON — More than US$1.2 trillion (S$1.7 trillion) in corporate earnings kept overseas by American companies such as Microsoft, Apple and Google to avoid significant tax deductions could be brought back to the United States, under plans by President-elect Donald Trump for a tax cut on repatriated profits. Such holdings could be used to pay off their corporate debt, fund investment in new technologies, or cover an investor payout in a special dividend. However, if US companies decide to repatriate much of their foreign profits, the move is likely to reduce their appetite for foreign acquisitions. Mr Trump has proposed slashing the tax rate to just 10 per cent on income held overseas, in order to bring money back to the US for investment domestically, as part of his wider plans to reduce the corporate tax rate. Under current US law, companies bringing back foreign earnings to the US can trigger a tax liability of 35 per cent. The largest beneficiaries of the move would be the big American technology groups, which have taken advantage of low-tax jurisdictions such as Ireland to avoid the high statutory tax rates of bringing their profits back to the US. US companies outside the financial sector held US$1.2 trillion of cash overseas at the end of last year, according to Moody’s, the rating agency, with the largest hoarders including technology giants Apple, Microsoft, Cisco, Google and Oracle. Apple alone has about US$200 billion stashed overseas, and the iPhone-maker has been targeted by the European Commission (EC) in its efforts to crack down on tax avoidance. Some tax experts have raised the possibility that a Trump presidency might consider taking action against the alleged targeting of US businesses by the EC. There has been talk in Washington about the use of Section 891, legislation dating back to the 1930s that has never been used, which would allow the US to retaliate against countries that discriminated against it on tax grounds. In a separate report, Capital Economics estimated that the amount of profits held overseas by US corporations had reached nearly US$2.5 trillion in total. Microsoft and General Electric could benefit from Mr Trump’s proposals, with both holding more than US$100 billion in lower-tax jurisdictions outside the US, according to the research group. IBM has about US$65 billion in profits overseas, according to Capital Economics, while Pfizer has about US$80 billion. In the eight years to 2014, the ability of some of the largest US corporations — including Oracle, Microsoft and Johnson & Johnson — to push their profits offshore helped them cut their tax bills by a quarter on average, while boosting their annual earnings by up to 24 per cent, according to analysis by the FT. Mr Don Moorehead, tax partner in the public policy group in Washington of Squire Patton Boggs, a US law firm, said it was possible that some tax regulations dealing with inversions and earnings stripping might not be finalised. He said: “Although it’s too early to guess whether large-scale tax reform would make those regulations obsolete, a rollback of those rules in the wake of tax reform is a distinct possibility.” FINANCIAL TIMES mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble ‘Tweaks' to property cooling measures worth exploring, say industry players Yum unit Taco Bell to have 8,000 U.S. outlets by end-2022 World debut: Jaguar unveils all-electric I-Pace SUV With 'change in the air', PM May asks business to help on economy While India plugs black money holes, Indians find leaks What’s most worrying about the current economic climate? What next for Singapore’s private housing market? Wells Fargo CEO says bank changing handling of whistleblower complaints Weatherford International CEO Bernard Duroc-Danner leaves Warren Buffett's Berkshire makes surprise U.S. airline bet Wall Street surges after Trump wins White House Inside Today World Senior Pakistan official says to visit India, hints at detente Nepal detains Tibetan refugees in crackdown as China's influence grows EU agrees defense budget increase as Britain lifts block Turkey eyes reset with U.S. under Trump, but honeymoon may be brief U.S. to maintain commitment to allies in Asia, admiral says Business Exxon in negotiations with Chad over record $74 billion fine: Bloomberg VW reaches agreement on fixes, buybacks for 80,000 polluting U.S. diesels S&P, Nasdaq rise as tech stocks back in favor Sanofi, GSK expect further price pressure, more M&A under Trump Oil rallies on output bets; U.S. yields, dollar steady Sports MCCY appoints FAS provisional council, with Lim as president Asean Super League set for Sept 2017 kick-off SMBC S'pore Open to offer two spots at British Open More ways for runners to be eco-friendly at Income Eco Run Pro woman boxer Nurshahidah misses out on first international title Entertainment Doing it Lulu style PPAP singer to come to Singapore French rockers Trumps change name due to US election results Alicia Keys to headline this year’s countdown party It's confirmed: Coldplay is performing in Singapore April 1 About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions About MediaCorp Copyright 2016 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
null
null
InsideTimmies SyrupShop Community News Phones Phones Win a Telus Google Pixel XL November 14, 2016 Huawei passed on opportunity to manufacture Google’s Pixel smartphones, company executive confirms November 14, 2016 OnePlus 4 will feature 8GB, QHD display and more, according to new leak November 14, 2016 Force Touch-like feature could be coming to Samsung’s Galaxy S8 November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Surface Book i7 Review: One for the pros November 10, 2016 Dell is reportedly building an all-in-one Windows 10 mobile Continuum device November 9, 2016 iPad gains market share as the overall tablet market shrinks October 31, 2016 What to expect from Microsoft’s October 26th Windows event October 25, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables W|W: The Wearable Weekly – Virtual Reality is now the superior reality November 15, 2016 Apple looking to expand wearable product line by testing smart glasses, says report November 14, 2016 Samsung tears down its own Gear S3 smartwatch to reveal what’s inside November 14, 2016 The water resistant Asus ZenWatch 3 is now available in Canada for $349.99 November 13, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories Apple releases $300 coffee table book devoted to its products November 15, 2016 Apple will launch wireless AirPod headphones by November 19th according to European reseller November 10, 2016 Samsung Gear S3 smartwatch release date pushed to November 23rd in Canada November 10, 2016 Google’s Daydream View VR headset is now available in Canada for $99 November 10, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Montreal installs 50 electric vehicle charging networks across the city November 11, 2016 Vespa reveals plans to release an electric scooter called the Elettrica November 9, 2016 Tesla acquires automated manufacturing company to boost production November 8, 2016 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps WhatsApp will continue to support BBOS and BlackBerry 10 until June 2017 November 15, 2016 Super Mario Run is launching on the iPhone and iPad on Dec. 15th for $13.99 November 15, 2016 Twitter adds new muting tools in an effort to curb harassment issue November 15, 2016 WhatsApp video calling now available to Canadian users November 15, 2016 VIEW ALL Carriers Carriers Vidéotron once again snags top telecom provider in Quebec November 14, 2016 Rogers and Fido’s new EnRoute tool lets customers track technicians from their phone November 14, 2016 Public Mobile launches U.S. roaming options [Update] November 14, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week November 13, 2016 VIEW ALL Plans Plans CRTC hearing on differential pricing for Canadian data plans begins this week October 31, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week October 9, 2016 Reminder: Exclusive Chatr plans for ex-Mobilicity customers end on October 3 [Update] September 27, 2016 CRTC will implement wholesale access to fibre optic internet September 20, 2016 VIEW ALL Manufacturers Manufacturers Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Asus to unveil Google Tango-enabled AR smartphone in January November 14, 2016 Google Assistant to launch third-party developer platform in December November 10, 2016 Tim Cook wrote a letter to Apple’s American employees following Trump’s presidential win November 10, 2016 VIEW ALL Reviews Phones Phones LG G5, six months later October 31, 2016 Asus Zenfone 3 review: The best mid-range camera experience October 22, 2016 Google Pixel review: The high-end Android you’ve been waiting for October 18, 2016 Pixel and Pixel XL Hands-on: Say goodbye to Nexus October 4, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Acer Switch Alpha 12 review: Not the affordable Surface Pro 4 alternative you’re looking for August 9, 2016 Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro S review: An overpriced first crack at the 2-in-1 crown May 25, 2016 Kindle Oasis review: The best e-reader is not worth the price of a high-end tablet May 4, 2016 9.7-inch iPad Pro Hands-on: Same tablet, smaller build March 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 Charge 2 Review: Fitbit’s best tracker yet may not be the best fit for you October 12, 2016 PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Pokémon Go Plus review: Professor Oak would not approve September 28, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories AirPods review: Welcome to the wireless future September 19, 2016 Samsung Gear 360 review: Spherical eye September 4, 2016 Vancouver-based Hitcase’s rugged cases transform your iPhone into an action camera August 31, 2016 Gear 360 Hands-on: Samsung finally lets its 360 camera out to play August 2, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Android Auto 2.0 review: Google bridges the infotainment gap November 8, 2016 2016 Honda Civic infotainment review: CarPlay and Android Auto take over July 16, 2016 Android Auto review December 31, 2015 Review: Is going ‘Platinum’ enough for streaming in the 2016 Ford Explorer? November 30, 2015 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Hands-on with the Gears of War 4 Limited Edition Xbox One S bundle October 4, 2016 Facebook introduces new Messenger ‘Lite’ app for Android aimed at emerging markets October 3, 2016 Science News & Discoveries keeps you up-to-date on the world of science [App of the Week] September 11, 2016 VIEW ALL Features Latest Latest A look at the 2016 13-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar [Gallery] November 14, 2016 Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 The rise of the synthetic personality: can chatbots be our friends? November 12, 2016 VIEW ALL Tête-à-tête Tête-à-tête Tête-à-Tête: HTC Vive vs. PlayStation VR – Which VR headset is more impressive? September 26, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: How are Apple, Samsung, and BlackBerry playing the enterprise game? March 5, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: Has John Chen lost his mind? January 25, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: What is the appeal of the BlackBerry Classic? December 15, 2014 VIEW ALL SyrupCast SyrupCast SyrupCast 95: Living the next four years in a virtual world November 11, 2016 SyrupCast 94: Why the big three don’t want to keep things neutral November 4, 2016 SyrupCast 93: Can Microsoft out Apple by being Apple? October 28, 2016 SyrupCast 92: Goodbye Guy, Hello Elon’s driverless future October 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Buyers’ Guide Buyers' Guide Amazon opens Black Friday Store with discounts on thousands of items November 1, 2016 Father’s Day Gift Guide for the Fitness dad June 17, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Entertainment Dad June 15, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Gamer Dad June 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Editorials Editorials Net neutrality vs. differential pricing: CRTC hearing discusses mobile internet in Canada November 7, 2016 What it’s like to be a Canadian at Google’s Indie Games Festival October 5, 2016 What Shomi’s closure means for the Canadian streaming market September 27, 2016 Vancouver’s Roadhouse Interactive closes shop, over 100 developers out of work September 21, 2016 VIEW ALL App/Game of the Week App/Game of the Week Learn five new things every day with Curiosity [App of the Week] November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 Get your sleep cycle on track with Pillow [App of the Week] November 6, 2016 Do a backflip in Pumped BMX 3 [Game of the Week] November 5, 2016 VIEW ALL Resources How-to’s How-to's How to get the most out of Google Assistant November 1, 2016 How to get the most of out the iPhone 7 Plus’ Portrait Mode October 29, 2016 How to return your Samsung Galaxy Note 7 through Canadian carriers October 11, 2016 How to charge Google Play purchases to your cell phone bill October 5, 2016 VIEW ALL Coverage Map Outage Map About About Us Contact & Tips Advertise Contests News Phones Phones Win a Telus Google Pixel XL November 14, 2016 Huawei passed on opportunity to manufacture Google’s Pixel smartphones, company executive confirms November 14, 2016 OnePlus 4 will feature 8GB, QHD display and more, according to new leak November 14, 2016 Force Touch-like feature could be coming to Samsung’s Galaxy S8 November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Surface Book i7 Review: One for the pros November 10, 2016 Dell is reportedly building an all-in-one Windows 10 mobile Continuum device November 9, 2016 iPad gains market share as the overall tablet market shrinks October 31, 2016 What to expect from Microsoft’s October 26th Windows event October 25, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables W|W: The Wearable Weekly – Virtual Reality is now the superior reality November 15, 2016 Apple looking to expand wearable product line by testing smart glasses, says report November 14, 2016 Samsung tears down its own Gear S3 smartwatch to reveal what’s inside November 14, 2016 The water resistant Asus ZenWatch 3 is now available in Canada for $349.99 November 13, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories Apple releases $300 coffee table book devoted to its products November 15, 2016 Apple will launch wireless AirPod headphones by November 19th according to European reseller November 10, 2016 Samsung Gear S3 smartwatch release date pushed to November 23rd in Canada November 10, 2016 Google’s Daydream View VR headset is now available in Canada for $99 November 10, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Montreal installs 50 electric vehicle charging networks across the city November 11, 2016 Vespa reveals plans to release an electric scooter called the Elettrica November 9, 2016 Tesla acquires automated manufacturing company to boost production November 8, 2016 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps WhatsApp will continue to support BBOS and BlackBerry 10 until June 2017 November 15, 2016 Super Mario Run is launching on the iPhone and iPad on Dec. 15th for $13.99 November 15, 2016 Twitter adds new muting tools in an effort to curb harassment issue November 15, 2016 WhatsApp video calling now available to Canadian users November 15, 2016 VIEW ALL Carriers Carriers Vidéotron once again snags top telecom provider in Quebec November 14, 2016 Rogers and Fido’s new EnRoute tool lets customers track technicians from their phone November 14, 2016 Public Mobile launches U.S. roaming options [Update] November 14, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week November 13, 2016 VIEW ALL Plans Plans CRTC hearing on differential pricing for Canadian data plans begins this week October 31, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week October 9, 2016 Reminder: Exclusive Chatr plans for ex-Mobilicity customers end on October 3 [Update] September 27, 2016 CRTC will implement wholesale access to fibre optic internet September 20, 2016 VIEW ALL Manufacturers Manufacturers Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Asus to unveil Google Tango-enabled AR smartphone in January November 14, 2016 Google Assistant to launch third-party developer platform in December November 10, 2016 Tim Cook wrote a letter to Apple’s American employees following Trump’s presidential win November 10, 2016 VIEW ALL Reviews Phones Phones LG G5, six months later October 31, 2016 Asus Zenfone 3 review: The best mid-range camera experience October 22, 2016 Google Pixel review: The high-end Android you’ve been waiting for October 18, 2016 Pixel and Pixel XL Hands-on: Say goodbye to Nexus October 4, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Acer Switch Alpha 12 review: Not the affordable Surface Pro 4 alternative you’re looking for August 9, 2016 Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro S review: An overpriced first crack at the 2-in-1 crown May 25, 2016 Kindle Oasis review: The best e-reader is not worth the price of a high-end tablet May 4, 2016 9.7-inch iPad Pro Hands-on: Same tablet, smaller build March 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 Charge 2 Review: Fitbit’s best tracker yet may not be the best fit for you October 12, 2016 PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Pokémon Go Plus review: Professor Oak would not approve September 28, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories AirPods review: Welcome to the wireless future September 19, 2016 Samsung Gear 360 review: Spherical eye September 4, 2016 Vancouver-based Hitcase’s rugged cases transform your iPhone into an action camera August 31, 2016 Gear 360 Hands-on: Samsung finally lets its 360 camera out to play August 2, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Android Auto 2.0 review: Google bridges the infotainment gap November 8, 2016 2016 Honda Civic infotainment review: CarPlay and Android Auto take over July 16, 2016 Android Auto review December 31, 2015 Review: Is going ‘Platinum’ enough for streaming in the 2016 Ford Explorer? November 30, 2015 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Hands-on with the Gears of War 4 Limited Edition Xbox One S bundle October 4, 2016 Facebook introduces new Messenger ‘Lite’ app for Android aimed at emerging markets October 3, 2016 Science News & Discoveries keeps you up-to-date on the world of science [App of the Week] September 11, 2016 VIEW ALL Features Latest Latest A look at the 2016 13-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar [Gallery] November 14, 2016 Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 The rise of the synthetic personality: can chatbots be our friends? November 12, 2016 VIEW ALL Tête-à-tête Tête-à-tête Tête-à-Tête: HTC Vive vs. PlayStation VR – Which VR headset is more impressive? September 26, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: How are Apple, Samsung, and BlackBerry playing the enterprise game? March 5, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: Has John Chen lost his mind? January 25, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: What is the appeal of the BlackBerry Classic? December 15, 2014 VIEW ALL SyrupCast SyrupCast SyrupCast 95: Living the next four years in a virtual world November 11, 2016 SyrupCast 94: Why the big three don’t want to keep things neutral November 4, 2016 SyrupCast 93: Can Microsoft out Apple by being Apple? October 28, 2016 SyrupCast 92: Goodbye Guy, Hello Elon’s driverless future October 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Buyers’ Guide Buyers' Guide Amazon opens Black Friday Store with discounts on thousands of items November 1, 2016 Father’s Day Gift Guide for the Fitness dad June 17, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Entertainment Dad June 15, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Gamer Dad June 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Editorials Editorials Net neutrality vs. differential pricing: CRTC hearing discusses mobile internet in Canada November 7, 2016 What it’s like to be a Canadian at Google’s Indie Games Festival October 5, 2016 What Shomi’s closure means for the Canadian streaming market September 27, 2016 Vancouver’s Roadhouse Interactive closes shop, over 100 developers out of work September 21, 2016 VIEW ALL App/Game of the Week App/Game of the Week Learn five new things every day with Curiosity [App of the Week] November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 Get your sleep cycle on track with Pillow [App of the Week] November 6, 2016 Do a backflip in Pumped BMX 3 [Game of the Week] November 5, 2016 VIEW ALL Resources How-to’s How-to's How to get the most out of Google Assistant November 1, 2016 How to get the most of out the iPhone 7 Plus’ Portrait Mode October 29, 2016 How to return your Samsung Galaxy Note 7 through Canadian carriers October 11, 2016 How to charge Google Play purchases to your cell phone bill October 5, 2016 VIEW ALL Coverage Map Outage Map About About Us Contact & Tips Advertise Contests Close Canada makes top 20 list for LTE network accessibility in latest OpenSignal report Windows 10 adds a virtual trackpad for tablet users Tim Cook wrote a letter to Apple’s American employees following Trump’s presidential win Rose Behar November 10, 2016 2:53pm Following the U.S’s divisive November 8th election — which saw Republican candidate Donald Trump defeat Democrat Hillary Clinton to become the President-elect — Apple CEO Tim Cook felt moved to address the situation in a letter to his American staff. The letter, obtained by Buzzfeed News, encourages employees to “move forward together” regardless of their political affiliation, while also affirming Apple’s commitment to diversity. In June 2016, Apple refused to fund the Republican Convention, a move that put them at odds with Facebook, Google and Microsoft, which all indicated they would provide some support. Below is the full text of the letter. Team, I’ve heard from many of you today about the presidential election. In a political contest where the candidates were so different and each received a similar number of popular votes, it’s inevitable that the aftermath leaves many of you with strong feelings. We have a very diverse team of employees, including supporters of each of the candidates. Regardless of which candidate each of us supported as individuals, the only way to move forward is to move forward together. I recall something Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. said 50 years ago: “If you can’t fly, then run. If you can’t run, then walk. If you can’t walk, then crawl, but whatever you do you have to keep moving forward.” This advice is timeless, and a reminder that we only do great work and improve the world by moving forward. While there is discussion today about uncertainties ahead, you can be confident that Apple’s North Star hasn’t changed. Our products connect people everywhere, and they provide the tools for our customers to do great things to improve their lives and the world at large. Our company is open to all, and we celebrate the diversity of our team here in the United States and around the world — regardless of what they look like, where they come from, how they worship or who they love. I’ve always looked at Apple as one big family and I encourage you to reach out to your co-workers if they are feeling anxious. Let’s move forward — together! Best, Tim SourceBuzzfeed News John W As much as i am not the largest Apple fan, I like this sentiment. I’m not so sure its news worthy, but it is good to see a company trying to take politics out of business to some degree. Andrew English Tim Cook is trying to do that with the employees he know what Donald Trump is going to do delinquent companies like Apple who have moved all their manufacturing outside of the US. Not to mention Apple has never paid any taxes in the US and this is because of NAFTA which Trump wants to ratify or get rid of all together. James Um, I’m not sure which letter you read but this one is about diversity and not manufacturing. beyond No way, if you read the letter backwards it’s definitely a warning message. It also provides instructions on preparing for the zombie apocalypse.. The Iceman Cometh Trump hasn’t paid diddly in taxes either so it’s rather the pot calling the kettle. The man has no credibility on this issue whatsoever nor any moral authority Amazington Esq Do people really expect him to pay more taxes than he owed? Shintaro Kirito Trump didn’t pay taxes but he didn’t violate laws either just like Apple. Smart people know how to avoid taxes. Apple’s CEO, Tim cook, is one example. Trump didn’t pay taxes because he has constantly kept filing bankruptcies and loses. The US government is so stupid that it helps entrepreneur that struggle and make them pay little to no taxes and in sever cases like Trump they pay entrepreneurs back some of the taxes entrepreneurs paid. Trump was smart in that regard. That is the reason why Trump has his stupid airplane in the first place. He can keep that airplane because the airline company he bought went bankrupt but he can’t sell the airplane because IRS would take that money. See how unfair the US is right now ? Those laws aren’t trumps but it would be ironically that trump fices those laws. It’s Me Not sure even a single line of that rant is factual. Jim__R How is NAFTA causing any of this? NAFTA is not what allows Apple to skip taxes – talk to Ireland about that. And Mexico and Canada are not responsible for Apple jobs not being in the US – talk to China about that. J-Ro Bringing more jobs back home shouldn’t be so frowned upon. If there are more people working and making more money, wouldn’t companies make more money from all the extra cash? Matt Well If People look at it this way Trump isn’t really a President at all. He’s merely only the CEO of the elite and the 1% and for the bankers etc. There hasn’t been a US President since Abraham Lincoln which Abraham Lincoln declared Marshall law against the Bankers and he tried to fight for the people. so the bankers assassinated him. And there hasn’t been a US President ever since. The Bankers, Elite and the 1% merely only appoint a CEO to control their own agendas for them. And they all fool the people in thinking we all have a say who is appointed in the CEO chair. Which we clearly don’t at all. And if people think so your so brain washed. And JFK tried to defy the system as well but soon after got assassinated as well to stop him. The CEO chair is merely only a puppet show. bankers, elite and the 1% control their CEO (president, Prime Minister ) as a puppet. And if a CEO (president, Prime Minister) tries to defy their master, they either assassinate their CEO or discredit them and get kicked out of office. There truly is no democracy, we the people have ZERO say, we the people are merely only slaves. The ones who run the world are the bankers, elite and 1%. The CEO (president, prime Minister) is only there for show. But the real decisions of the world are made in secret behind closed doors. The worlds wealth is invested in Switzerland. You pay your taxes, the Government sends it all to a swiss bank, which makes billions in interest. There has been zero invasion or war in Switzerland as the bankers control Switzerland and all the elite bank there and would never want anything to happen to their money. War is an economy, bankers invest in war conflict on both sides. But yet no war conflict has ever happened in Switzerland, because that’s where the worlds wealth is from. R Crook Yanks said that they wanted something completely new…then what did the stupid Yanks do next — they re-elected all the SAME people to both houses of Digress Get Updates Sign-up for MobileSyrup news sent straight to your inbox Categories News Reviews Features Resources Contests Contact About Us Advertise Jobs Social Twitter Pinterest Facebook RSS Google+ Instagram YouTube Search Get Updates © 2016 MobileSyrup.com. Privacy | Terms of Use
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Investor Toolkit Advisor Insight ETF Strategist Portfolio Perspective Tech Drivers CNBC IQ 100 Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Technology Technology Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity The Pulse @ 1 Market Silicon Valley tries to reassure itself that the future under Trump isn't so bleak Harriet Taylor | @Harri8t Thursday, 10 Nov 2016 | 2:37 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES Kevin Lamarque | Reuters President Barack Obama meets with President-elect Donald Trump in the Oval Office of the White House in Washington, Nov. 10, 2016. As President-elect Donald Trump meets with President Barack Obama, executives at tech's biggest companies are urging employees put aside the nastiness of this past election season, and look toward a bright future. Over the course of his campaign, Trump promised to take action against Amazon, which he said had "a huge antitrust problem," vowed to force Apple to make its devices in the U.S., and called for a boycott of its products. Trump's behavior "erodes our democracy around the edges" Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos said last month. The company's stock has sunk on news of Trump's victory. But on Thursday, Bezos sounded a different note, publicly embracing Trump in a tweet. @JeffBezos: Congratulations to @realDonaldTrump. I for one give him my most open mind and wish him great success in his service to the country. show chapters <p>Google&#039;s Eric Schmidt: New president should be congratulated </p> <p>Alphabet executive chairman Eric Schmidt speaks to Andrew Ross Sorkin at the DealBook conference on Thursday.</p> Google's Eric Schmidt: New president should be congratulated    Thursday, 10 Nov 2016 | 1:56 PM ET | 00:52 Apple, Facebook, Microsoft, eBay and Box posted public statements and emailed employees to reassure the community, though most stopped short of issuing congratulations to America's new leader. Silicon Valley, of course, leans heavily left and the Trump surprise sent many technologists reeling. Despite all the uncertainty many people may be feeling at this time, "Apple's North Star hasn't changed," Apple CEO Tim Cook, who did not mention Trump by name, said in an email to the company's U.S. employees on Wednesday evening. He urged people to move forward, regardless of which candidate they had supported, and reassured them that the company will continue to embrace diversity. "Our company is open to all, and we celebrate the diversity of our team here in the United States and around the world — regardless of what they look like, where they come from, how they worship or who they love." At a conference on Thursday, Alphabet Executive Chairman Eric Schmidt congratulated Trump on winning the presidency, which he called a "significant achievement" and a "pretty amazing story." Despite political discord and a perceived lack of job opportunity, the American economy is doing well, said Schmidt. That said, immigration reform is desperately needed to enable tech companies to hire the world's top engineers and remain competitive, Schmidt said. Immigration reform is perhaps tech's top priority for the next administration. Trump's victory signaled widespread discontent about economic opportunity, something which technology can help address, several technology executives suggested. For example, eBay's marketplace empowers buyers and sellers, LinkedIn's tools help people find jobs and develop skills, and Apple's devices connect people, leaders at those companies reminded employees. Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella reminded people in a LinkedIn post that the world is witnessing democracy in action and linked to the company's blog with recommendations for the new administration and Congress. "We congratulate the president-elect, and look forward to working with all those elected yesterday. Our commitment to our mission and values are steadfast, and in particular fostering a diverse and inclusive culture," Nadella wrote. On things like cybersecurity, STEM education and regulatory reform, cloud storage company Box will collaborate with government, wrote CEO Aaron Levie in a note to employees on Tuesday night that was later posted online. The company will also fight to protect technologists' closely held values, such as tolerance and inclusion. "Much of the work that President Obama and other leaders have pushed through on critically important social issues over the past few years has been challenged throughout this campaign cycle. This is scary," wrote Levie. "I'm hopeful that over the coming weeks and months we'll start to see a very different style from the President-elect. Some of the ideas that were proposed in this campaign cycle would be disastrous if put into action, and I'm confident they will not come to pass," he wrote. Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg said he was "feeling hopeful," in a Facebook post early Thursday morning. Zuckerberg urged the community to look to the future, find new ways to collaborate to tackle the world's most pressing issues — such as improving education and promoting equal opportunity — buckle down and get back to work. "This work is bigger than any presidency and progress does not move in a straight line," wrote Zuckerberg. "We are all blessed to have the ability to make the world better, and we have the responsibility to do it. Let's go work even harder." Harriet TaylorCNBC Tech Reporter Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change AMZN --- AAPL --- SHOW COMMENTS Please add a username to view or add comments Public Username for Commenting JOIN THE DISCUSSION To learn more about how we use your information, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Binge Filmmaker Ken Burns is scared of what he sees in Donald Trump By: Josh Ascher, CNBC producer Here’s what Steve Jobs had to give Ken Burns to create the 'Ken Burns' effect for iMovie The Ken Burns binge effect: Steve Jobs, Donald Trump and the birth of binge-watching    Ken Burns: The media gets Steve Jobs wrong    Steve Jobs once told Ken Burns he should ditch PBS because they weren’t paying him enough
null
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming Competitions GPS & Sat Nav Mobile Apps Mobile Phone Accessories Mobile Phones Tablets Wearables & Fitness Trending: iOS 10 Apple Watch 2 iPhone 7 Galaxy S7 vs iPhone 6S Google Pixel Galaxy S7 Home / News / Mobile Phone News / Trump win changes nothing for Apple says Tim Cook in staff pep talk Trump win changes nothing for Apple says Tim Cook in staff pep talk by Chris Smith 10 November 2016 0 shares Read Comments Apple CEO Tim Cook has urged staff to ‘move forward together’ following the election of Donald Trump, a man who attempted to spark an Apple boycott (while tweeting from an iPhone, early in the campaign). In an email to employees, the most powerful man in tech said he’d received plenty of feedback from Applers following Trump’s improbable win and called on employees to unite and support those who may be feeling vulnerable. Without mentioning Trump by name, he said the result did not change Apple’s “North Star” which was to make products that improve lives. Related: iPhone 7 review He wrote: “While there is discussion today about uncertainties ahead, you can be confident that Apple’s North Star hasn’t changed. Our products connect people everywhere, and they provide the tools for our customers to do great things to improve their lives and the world at large. “Our company is open to all, and we celebrate the diversity of our team here in the United States and around the world — regardless of what they look like, where they come from, how they worship or who they love.” The new President-elect was upset with Apple over its refusal to unlock the iPhone of the terrorist behind the San Bernardino shooting last year. Trump, should he actually choose to stick to any of his campaign pledges, could also be on a collision course with Apple over its manufacturing of products outside the US. He also wants tech giants like Apple to bring manufacturing back to the United States. Apple’s use of companies like Foxconn to manufacturer the iPhone in questionable conditions for employees has long been under the microscope. Should the company make a larger commitment to building products on home soil? Share your thoughts in the comments below. Here’s Cook’s email to staff in full (via Buzzfeed) “Team, I’ve heard from many of you today about the presidential election. In a political contest where the candidates were so different and each received a similar number of popular votes, it’s inevitable that the aftermath leaves many of you with strong feelings. We have a very diverse team of employees, including supporters of each of the candidates. Regardless of which candidate each of us supported as individuals, the only way to move forward is to move forward together. I recall something Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. said 50 years ago: “If you can’t fly, then run. If you can’t run, then walk. If you can’t walk, then crawl, but whatever you do you have to keep moving forward.” This advice is timeless, and a reminder that we only do great work and improve the world by moving forward. While there is discussion today about uncertainties ahead, you can be confident that Apple’s North Star hasn’t changed. Our products connect people everywhere, and they provide the tools for our customers to do great things to improve their lives and the world at large. Our company is open to all, and we celebrate the diversity of our team here in the United States and around the world — regardless of what they look like, where they come from, how they worship or who they love. I’ve always looked at Apple as one big family and I encourage you to reach out to your co-workers if they are feeling anxious. Let’s move forward — together! Best, Tim” Video: iPhone 7 vs iPhone 7 Plus 0 shares Read Comments Dave November 10, 2016, 8:39 pm Wrong LeeTronix November 10, 2016, 9:36 pm Cook how does "improving our lives" work for me and others when you want to us to backwards with Dongles / Cables ohh and more Dongles and then charge the earth for them and carry all that crap around...Hmmm Really!!! NOT... Azmodan November 11, 2016, 6:06 am The good thing for Apple, Trump is a like minded tax dodging scumbag so they should be safe from any Fed investigation. It would be interesting to see who pays less per dollar earned. Hamish Campbell November 11, 2016, 10:38 am Plus he's talked about dropping the company tax so that all big tax dodging scumbags will (re)patriat their offshore billions. How conflicting for Mr Cook, one could almost...ok that's going to far. Octavian November 14, 2016, 9:44 pm It's not a bug, it's a feature. LeeTronix November 15, 2016, 8:20 am Please do explain! Octavian November 15, 2016, 1:29 pm It's a joke. Say something doesn't work on the iPhone (or the absence of headphone jack). Instead of admitting that it's a problem with the software, or the phone itself, Apple can say "it's not a bug, it's a feature". Mainly it's just a joke among people who work in IT or software development. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2016, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
Skip to main content Broadcasting and Cable TV Technology TVB Europe Next TV NYC Television Week More AV/PRO AUDIO AV-IQ AudioMedia.com AudioProInternational.com AVNetwork.com Installation-International.com MixOnline.com ProSoundNetwork.com PSNEurope.com ResidentialSystems.com BROADCAST/RADIO/TV/VIDEO Broadcast.it CreativePlanetNetwork.com GovernmentVideo.com Licensing.biz RadioMagOnline.com RadioWorld.com CONSUMER ELECTRONICS/GAMING BikeBiz.com Develop-Online.net MVCuk.com Mobile-ent.biz PCR-Online.biz Twice.com ToyNews-Online.biz EDUCATION Eduwire.com SchoolCIO.com TechLearning.com MUSIC BassPlayer.com Emusician.com GuitarAficionado.com GuitarPlayer.com GuitarWorld.com KeyboardMag.com MI-Pro.co.uk MusicWeek.com RevolverMag.com News Policy National Regulation State Laws/Franchising Courts FCC Distribution Cable Operators Telco TV Internet Video Satellite OTT Content Networks Programming Ratings Sports VOD TV Award Shows Finance Carriage Deals Retransmission Consent Transactions Stocks/Earning Research Advanced Advertising Addressable Digital Ad Insertion Programmatic Audience Measurement Technology SCTE Cable-Tec Expo Next TV TV Everywhere TV Apps Advanced Services Interactive TV HD TV 3D Virtual Reality Marketing Advertising Social Media Customer Service Multicultural Public Service INTX People Content HBO Renews ‘Westworld,’ ‘Divorce,’ ‘Insecure’ By R. Thomas Umstead Nov 14, 2016 People Comcast Names Kathy Kelly-Brown SVP, Strategic Initiatives By Mike Farrell Nov 14, 2016 FCC PTC to Senate: Confirm FCC Commissioner Jessica Rosenworcel By John Eggerton Nov 14, 2016 Finance Starz Play Arabia Nets More Funding By Jeff Baumgartner Nov 14, 2016 Hulu Taps Nicole Sabatini to Head Integrated Marketing By Jeff Baumgartner Nov 14, 2016 UFC Makes Triumphant Debut at MSG By R. Thomas Umstead Nov 14, 2016 Blogs As I Was Saying Capital Letters MCN Guest Blog Mixed Signals My Turn On The Money Picture This The Bauminator Translation Please Community MCN Guest Blog Strengthening the Cord With Cause-and-Effect Analysis By Marek Polonski, APT Community MCN Online Extra -- Nov. 14, 2016 By MCN Staff Picture This Dan Rather Trumped Election Prognosticators By R. Thomas Umstead The Bauminator Daydream View Reviews Roll In By Jeff Baumgartner One Share, One Vote Is Fair By Edward Bleier, Media Industry Adviser MCN Online Extra -- Nov. 7, 2016 By MCN Staff Events Multichannel News Events Webinars Sponsored Webinars NYC TV & Video Week Diversity Discussion Dec 05, 2016 Images Videos Photos Freeze Frame -- Nov. 14, 2016 Nov 14, 2016 Freeze Frame -- Nov. 7, 2016 Nov 07, 2016 FREEZE FRAME -- OCT. 31, 2016 Oct 31, 2016 NYC TV & Video Week 2016 Oct 24, 2016 Tech Broadband Mobile The Bauminator Translation Please Video Voice Wireless Big Data Insights VOD VRV’s ‘Combo Pack’ Offers 8 SVOD Channels for $9.99/Month By Jeff Baumgartner Nov 14, 2016 Broadband Analyst: U.S. Telcos May Never Generate Fixed-Data Sub Growth Again By Jeff Baumgartner Nov 14, 2016 Finance Starz Play Arabia Nets More Funding By Jeff Baumgartner Nov 14, 2016 People Hulu Taps Nicole Sabatini to Head Integrated Marketing By Jeff Baumgartner Nov 14, 2016 Subscribe Subscribe All Access Login Newsletter Digital Edition Customer Service Current Issue Archive Facebook Twitter Rss Search Search News1 Back To Main All News Policy Back To NEWS All Policy National Regulations State Laws/Frachising Courts FCC Distribution Back To NEWS All Distribution Cable Operators Telco TV Internet Video Satellite OTT Content Back To NEWS All Content Networks Programming Ratings Sports VOD Finance Back To NEWS All Finance Carriage Deals Retransmission Content Transactions Stocks/Earnings Research Marketing Back To NEWS All Marketing Advertising Social Media Customer Service Multicultural Technology Back To NEWS All Technology Broadband Wireless Video Mobile Voice TV Everywhere Back To NEWS All TV Everywhere TV Apps Advanced Services Interactive TV HD TV 3D Blogs Back To Main All BLOGS As I Was Saying Capital Letters MCN Guest Blog Mixed Signals My Turn On the Money Picture This Reynolds Rap The Bauminator Translation Please Viewpoint Events Back To Main All Events Multichannel Events Webinars Industry Calendar Cable TV Conventions TV Awrds Shows Images Back To Main All Images Videos Photos Tech Back To Main Broadband Mobile The Bauminator Translation Please Video Voice Wireless Subscribe Back To Main Subscibe All Access Login Newsletters Digital Edition Customer Service Current Issue Archive Search Nov 10 2016 Finance Malone: Disney Could Spin Off ESPN Liberty chief speculates to CNBC on deal climate 11/10/2016 1:40 PM Eastern By: Mike Farrell Follow @MikeFCable Pressured by a declining subscriber base for its flagship sports channel, Liberty Media chairman John  Malone speculated Thursday that The Walt Disney Co. could spin off ESPN, merging the rest of its operations with a deep pocketed suitor, perhaps Apple.   Disney has been under sharp criticism as its ESPN subscriber base has plunged in the past few years. In October, those losses mounted as Nielsen estimated monthly customer declines doubled to more than 600,000 subscribers.   Talking to CNBC anchor David Faber Thursday, Malone said that Disney could be ripe for the taking because it is one of the few remaining large content-owning distribution companies left and doesn’t have a dominant shareholder. Those were attributes that many analysts said attracted AT&T to Time Warner.   “If someone went after Disney, my guess is Apple would have to finally make a decision,” Malone said, adding that in that scenario Disney would spin off ESPN as a separate entity. “ESPN could be owned and protected by a distributor in the U.S. and Apple would be more interested and have a lot more in common in terms of international branding. Fundamentally [Apple CEO] Tim Cook is a global player and fundamentally ESPN is a domestic service.”   Malone claimed no inside knowledge of a potential deal, adding that “When these tectonic plates start moving, it’s just fun to speculate.” He also gave his opinion on what could be in store for Facebook and its founder and CEO Mark Zuckerberg.      “At what point is he [Zuckerberg] going to want to step into this video space in a meaningful way,” Malone told Faber. “The question is when his growth slows and he’s looking for his next thing, what’s his next thing? My guess is he starts looking at video more seriously.”   Malone added that wouldn’t mean that Facebook would have to start producing its own content, but that “it might make sense for him to own some.”   Malone commented on the pressure for Disney chairman and CEO Bob Iger to reverse recent subscriber trends.   “I think the equity market has got that bug in their head that this is a longer term problem that he [Iger] has, and that somehow or other there is going to be some solution,” Malone said. “Otherwise, Disney should be trading at a substantially higher multiple. …It’s a quality global brand. ESPN in order to solve the issue of having to pay more every time the contract went up, they went long. At the moment that looks adverse.”   Want to read more stories like this? Get our Free Newsletter Here! TAGS: Malone    ESPN    Disney    Apple    spin-off    Nielsen    Share This Post View the discussion thread. PR Feed: NeuLion Expands in Asia with RugbyPass OTT Service WWE SmackDown Live To Air 900th Episode Wazee Digital's Andy Hurt Named to IABM North America Regional Council CenturyLink and Infinera Deliver 2.5 Tb/s of Super-channel DWDM Capacity at Super Computing 2016  Bart Baker to Premiere First Track from His Upcoming Debut Album Across Music Choice’s Platforms Starting November 11th MUSIC CHOICE TO FEATURE EXCLUSIVE AMERICAN MUSIC AWARDS CONTENT French reseller DV2 is latest Calrec Audio distributor for Brio “BET Presents Love & Happiness: An Obama Celebration” From The White House First Take Moves to ESPN January 3 Complex Networks’ Seriously.Tv Orders Series, Thanksgiving, From Writer Bethany Hall And Producer Daniel Powell, Co-Creator Of 'Inside Amy Schumer' Newsletter Signup Free E-Newsletters Subscribe to our FREE eNewsletters Talkback Trending View All → FCC Takes Aim at DirecTV Now Fox News, CNN Blocked on DirecTV for Second Day PlayStation Vue Dropping Viacom Channels PlayStation Vue Offers Big 4 Broadcast TV Feeds in All O&O Markets Clinton Leads in Media Polls Related Stories Iger: We’re More Bullish on ESPN Sub Base Mike Farrell - 11/10/2016 06:48:00 PM America/New_York After taking it on the chin regarding subscriber declines ESPN Drives Disney Q4 Declines Mike Farrell - 11/10/2016 04:59:00 PM America/New_York Days after ratings measurement stalwart Nielsen said NBCU to Sell Ads on Apple News App Jon Lafayette, Broadcasting & Cable - 11/07/2016 01:10:00 PM America/New_York Apple has given NBCUniversal the exclusive rights to Subscribe Now Events See All Events → December Diversity Discussion Dec 05, 2016 Convene,&nbspNew York,&nbspNY Freeze Frame Freeze Frame -- Nov. 14, 2016 Freeze Frame -- Nov. 7, 2016 FREEZE FRAME -- OCT. 31, 2016 NYC TV & Video Week 2016 Freeze Frame -- Oct. 17, 2016 Cable-Tec Expo 2016 -- Tuesday, Sept. 27 Cable-Tec Expo 2016 -- Monday, Sept. 26 Freeze Frame -- Sept. 12, 2016 See All → IMAX Raises $50 Million for VR Centers, Content CTA, CTIA Back Cox in Court Fight NBC Slots LeBron’s ‘The Wall’ For Jan. 3 Season Three of ‘Schitt’s Creek’ Pops Jan. 11 Sony, Nokia Partner Up on VR Production, Distribution Watch Now: NATE Publishes Video on Anchor Corrosion Triton Digital’s Top 20 Ranker for September of 2016 There’s a New Satellite in Town Norway CE Group Endorses FM-to-DAB Adaptor as Gift SBE Chapter 54 Day of Learning 'Manchester by the Sea' Director Kenneth Lonergan on Writing Characters That Are Overwhelmed Andrew Dominik Directs Simple and Powerful Nick Cave Music Video Watch the Trailer for Raoul Peck's Timely James Baldwin Documentary 'I Am Not Your Negro' Ang Lee Says He Will Continue to Explore High Frame Rate 'Manchester by the Sea' Editor Jen Lame on Letting the Film Breathe with a Longer Running Time Facebook Does 20 Gbps Millimeter-Wave Broadband Watch Now: NATE Publishes Video on Anchor Corrosion Avid MediaCentral Heads to Sky Deutschland NAB Show NY Explores Emerging Technologies 2016 NAB Show New York Nets 15,000+ Attendees News Blogs Events Images Subscribe About Us Contact Us Advertise Editorial Calendar Privacy Policy Site Map Terms of Use Ad Choices Subscribe RSS Feeds All Access Log In Newsletters Facebook Twitter Copyright © 2016 by NewBay Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved. 28 East 28th Street, 12th floor, New York, NY 10016 T (212) 378-0400 F (212) 378-0470 News Blogs Events Images Subscribe Other NewBay Media Brands Broadcastingcable.com Twice.com CreativePlanetNetwork TV Technology MORE Copyright 2014 by NewBay Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved. 28 East 28th Street, 12th floor, New York, NY 10016 T (212) 378-0400 F (212) 378-0470
NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE New MacBook Pro With Touch Bar Does Not Have a Removable SSD Apple Releases $199-$299 'Designed by Apple in California' Photo Book Dedicated to Steve Jobs [Video] WhatsApp Launches Video Calling Super Mario Run Launches December 15th [Video] Pixelmator Update Brings Support for macOS Sierra, MacBook Pro Touch Bar, Tabs, More Samsung Acquires Harman for $8 Billion Analyst Says iPhone 7 Demand Has Peaked Apple Posts New Ad for Beats Solo3 Wireless Headphones [Video] Apple May Be Working on a Pair of Digital Glasses Apple SVP Phil Schiller Says Multi-Touch on an iMac 'Becomes Absurd' New MacBook Pro With Touch Bar Review Roundup [Video] Apple Releases iOS 10.2 Beta 3 [Download] Microsoft Announces Visual Studio for Mac Gold Plated Donald Trump iPhone 7 Costs Over $3000 [Photo] New MacBook Pro With Touch Bar Now Shipping Apple Seeds macOS Sierra 10.12.2 Beta 3 to Developers [Download] You Can Now Donate to Nonprofits via Apple Pay Apple AirPods to Enter Production in December? Apple to Release 5-inch and 5.8-inch iPhone With Bezel-Less Design, Curved Edges? Apple Seeds Third Beta of tvOS 10.1 to Developers With TV App[Download] Apple AirPods to Begin Shipping Later This Month? LIKE   TWEET   SHARE   PIN   SHARE   POST MAIL MORE Posted November 10, 2016 at 7:23pm by iClarified · 5056 views · Translate Apple may make its new wireless AirPods available to purchase by November 18-19th. According to an employee at Apple reseller Conrad, they are set to receive AirPods stock on November 17th and make them available to purchase a day or two later. German site Apfelpage.de reports: Hello, I have just talked with an employee of the Conrad Online Store, since I am there on 14.10 the AirPods ordered and I wanted to cancel today. According to information from the employee, they have stockpiles from 17.11, I will then store them between 18-19. November. Apple was originally set to release its AirPods in late October; however, it delayed that release and has not provided an new ETA. Please follow iClarified on Twitter, Facebook, Google+, or RSS for updates. Read More [via MacRumors] Follow iClarified Comments (15) Add Comment White Guy - November 11, 2016 at 9:14am I smell boner in here. Reply · Like · Mark as Spam Tom2017 - November 11, 2016 at 8:42am Sooooooooooo ugly design and so expensive and and get Crazybaby Air Wireless Hi-Fi Headphones $99 now. Much muchhhhh better desgin than Apple Airpod (Ugly) should call uglypod. It just like iphone 7 3yrs in the row same looking phone???????????? Why not change it to more square looking phone. Like Xiaomi Mi MIx or the look of Note 7 pretty phones. Reply · Like · Mark as Spam Chi Tai Tai - November 13, 2016 at 8:22pm The "ugly" design was wot because that's how it is supposed to fit anyone's ear based on scanning hundreds of ears and making a design to suit it all, plus the 7 didn't have a major redesign because it was held off for next year, but at least some things changed for the better. Reply · Like · Mark as Spam SpeakLogic - November 10, 2016 at 11:21pm Boooooooo!!! Late over a month and $159 tax. Why don't you make right with your customers and just lower the price to $99 since you're sitting on $250 billion cash greedy bastards!! Reply · Like · Mark as Spam Chi Tai Tai - November 10, 2016 at 11:23pm Yaaaaaaaaaaaay! Takes one to know one. Lower the price? That's less to earn back to make less airpods in the end. Reply · Like · Mark as Spam 10 More Comments Recent Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder News Tutorials Answers Wizards Search Comments Bookmarks Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified Send Us a Tip Contact Us Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder, News, Tutorials, Answers, Wizards, Search, Comments, Bookmarks, Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified, Send Us a Tip, Contact Us Copyright © iClarified. All rights reserved. Privacy. Content.
CNET Reviews CNET 100 Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Software Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Crave Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Tour the CNET Smart Home Smart Home News Smart Home How To Best Smart Home Devices Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español HolidayBuyer's Guide CNET Software Google uses Chrome's reach to give your phone a better web Google uses Chrome's reach to give your phone a better web A technology twist could make mobile browsing faster and more engaging, and Google's putting muscle behind it. Google uses Chrome's reach to give your phone a better web 0 Share: Software by Stephen Shankland November 10, 2016 11:29 AM PST @stshank Up Next Facebook may have built then ditched an update to fight fake news A Google Chrome lapel pin Photo by Stephen Shankland/CNET The web has taken a beating in the smartphone era. But it's about to start beating back. Explosive growth of the web, starting in the 1990s, connected the world's population. In the last decade, though, we all started tapping app icons instead of web hyperlinks to chat with friends, share photos and buy products online. Now Google's Chrome team and browser allies from Mozilla, Opera and Microsoft are putting a new twist on things. It's called progressive web apps, or PWAs. They endow websites with many of the advantages of native apps that run on Google's Android or Apple's iOS. And they can outdo native apps when it comes to fast, hassle-free loading. PWAs are headlining this week at the Chrome Dev Summit, Google's two-day conference in San Francisco for programmers who want to figure out where Google is taking browser technology. Native apps hog the spotlight, but at the conference, Google will reveal a good reason why browsers generally and Chrome in particular also deserve a place on the stage: unbeatable reach. "We have over 2 billion Chrome instances that are active" each month, said Darin Fisher, Google's vice president of Chrome engineering and the conference's opening speaker. That amounts to fewer than 2 billion people, because a single person can use Chrome on multiple devices, but it's still a platform with immense power. That power is essential to making Google's vision a reality. If it succeeds, that browser icon might be the one you reach for on your home screen a lot more often. Website usage tracking firm StatCounter says browser use on mobile devices just exceeded PC browsing worldwide. Photo by StatCounter Success on that front also could help restore the fortunes of the web, the closest the computing industry has come to freeing us from software that works only on one device or another, like a Windows laptop but not an iPhone. In an era when tech giants wield tremendous power, the web levels the playing field and makes it easier for new competitors to join the game. It's no wonder Google is pushing the mobile web. This month, browser usage on tablets and phones for the first time surpassed usage on PCs, analytics firm StatCounter said. App fatigue Apps might get the glory, but the web does a lot of the work already. When we need to interact with a business or service, a website is often our first point of contact. Apps are popular, with millions available in Apple and Google app stores, but it's hard to convince people to install them, and even then, most lie dormant. Among American adults, "almost half...report that they use five or fewer apps at least once per week, and just 16 percent indicate that they use more than 10 apps on a regular basis," a 2016 Pew Research Center study found. And Localytics, which monitors app usage, found that 23 percent of users never reopen an app after the first time and that only about a fifth of people are likely to still use an app after three months. Darin Fisher, vice president of Chrome engineering, speaks at Google's Chrome Dev Summit. Photo by Stephen Shankland/CNET Fisher isn't pronouncing native apps dead, but he thinks PWAs means the web can shoulder more of the load. "It's expensive to get people to install an app," Fisher said, but progressive web apps arrive fast through the browser to keep visitors happy, then download extra abilities silently in the background. For website developers, he said, "there's really no fundamental limit to the kinds of experiences you can create." There's a place for both apps and websites, analyst firm Gartner believes. "A mobile website is more generic, with wider reach, like your ABC or CBS or Fox or NBC channels," said Research Director Jason Wong, while native apps are akin to "a cable channel like the Cooking Channel or MTV targeted toward a specific segment." Apps are great for people who use a company's services are lot, like the 10 percent or 15 percent of users who come back to an e-commerce site frequently, but websites are crucial for the rest. "The mobile web is unavoidable. Users are using smartphones and tablets to access websites more and more. Google has changed its [search] algorithm to reward mobile-optimized websites," Wong said. "It's imperative companies move to responsive and mobile-optimized websites." Progressive web what? If you're browsing the web, you won't see any fancy label announcing a progressive web app. But done well, you'll like it. The first idea behind a PWA is that websites arrive as fast as possible in basic form so you can get started immediately, then gradually flesh themselves out in the background -- thus the term progressive. Compare that to a typical native app that often requires you to download tens of megabytes of data and wait for an installation before you can get started. They're not for every situation right now -- games, for example. But PWAs can be appropriate for lots of situations with native apps, like social networking, e-commerce, news and streaming video. PWAs also download components so they work offline. And they take advantage of push notification abilities for the web -- for example, Carnival Cruise's site can prompt customers to finalize a reservation before it expires in 24 hours. And PWAs can be placed as a home-screen icon so you're more likely to use them again. The results have convinced companies like the Washington Post, Housing.com in India and Chinese e-commece giant Alibaba. Also, CNET launched its own progressive web app Thursday. Tap this Tech Today link on your phone or tablet if you're curious. Enlarge Image Thao Tran, head of global partnerships for Google, shows at Chrome Dev Summit how much less expensive it's been for Housing.com to woo new customers with its progressive web app. Photo by Stephen Shankland/CNET When Alibaba moved to a PWA, it found a website visit was 76 percent more likely to convert into a website transaction. Among Android device users, monthly usage increased 30 percent, and for those with iPhones and iPads, monthly usage increased 14 percent. PWAs are particularly popular in developing countries where mobile networks are slow and coverage is spotty, said Alex Komoroske, a Chrome group product manager. Using a cheap, low-end Android phone with an older 3G connection, downloading FlipKart's e-commerce native app took 14 minutes, but the company's progressive web app took 14 seconds, he said. Where's Apple? Google has built into Chrome much of the required supporting technology, including push notifications. Mozilla's Firefox and Microsoft's Edge are on board, too, making it safer for web programmers to bet on PWAs. Apple hasn't joined the party with its Safari browser, but Fisher is optimistic. If 50,000 website developers start using PWA technologies, "you can imagine Safari engineers will see there's a lot of interest," Fisher said. "Developers can have some influence, voting with their feet for what they care about." Apple didn't respond to a request for comment. Apple forbids other browser makers from using their own browser engines on iPhones and iPads, so running Chrome doesn't enable PWAs on those devices. Apple's lack of support is "a real concern for developers," Fisher said, but embracing the PWA approach still boosts performance on Apple's iOS-powered devices. Easier payments And progressive web apps will benefit from web payment technology where Apple is ahead, letting you easily complete a purchase with Apple Pay. A more general technology, the web payments interface, is coming to mobile browsers to connect to Android Pay , a credit card, Alibaba's AliPay service, Apple Pay, or whatever other payment mechanism your phone offers. It all leads to vast improvements over the plodding, hard-to-read websites still common with mobile browsing. "Everybody should be building a progressive web app," Fisher said. "It just makes sense." First published November 11 at 10 a.m. PT. Update 11:29 a.m.: Added photos from the conference and mention of CNET's progressive web app. Tags Software Internet Chrome Google Microsoft Mozilla CNET First Take Apple Pay (iOS) In partnership with retailers, banks and credit card companies, Apple launches the iOS mobile payment service Apple Pay in the US on October 20. See it Related Stories Microsoft Visual Studio is coming to Mac, kinda Now you can see NFL highlights in virtual reality Get a $315 software bundle for $15 Adobe Creative Cloud updates offer a lot for XD fans and Stock lovers Close   Discuss: Google uses Chrome's reach to give your phone... Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: Facebook may have built then ditched an update to fight fake news The best moment from every Marvel Cinematic Universe movie Each movie in the MCU is full of incredible moments. Here's CNET Managing Editor Eric Franklin's choices for the single best moment from each of them. by Eric Franklin Close Drag CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center

null
null
WHBQ Memphis LIVE http://www.fox13memphis.com/cmg-main-theme/css WHBQ Memphis Sign in Sign Out Member Center Register SIGN IN Sign in using your whbq profile {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Remember Me Forgot password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Need a profile? Register now. OR Sign in with: {* loginWidget *} Sign Up / Sign In Welcome Back {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Use another account Sign Up / Sign In Welcome back. Please sign in {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use another account You're Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} *Indicates Required Field {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} REGISTER Already have an account? Sign In *Required {* #registrationForm *} {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* registration_postalZip *} {* registration_birthday *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Thank you for registering! We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Thank you for registering! We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts. Click here to return to the page you were visiting. Create a new password Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. {* mergeAccounts *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Why are we asking this? We collect zip code so that we may deliver news, weather, special offers and other content related to your specific geographic area. Thanks for verifying your email address Edit your profile Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Resend Email Verification Click submit to receive another verification email {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a verification link Close 7249941 Home 7249947 Weather FOX13 Radar 7 Day Forecast Hour by Hour Video Forecast Accuweather FOX13 Weather App 7249989 News Politics News Videos Election results MLK in Memphis Zika Virus Recalls 230989619 FOX13 Family Back to School 7250109 Traffic 8435464 Investigates Crime/Most Wanted Submit a tip Violence in Memphis Jessica Chambers Missing Children 7250151 Sports Memphis Tigers Memphis Grizzlies Tennessee Titans High School Football 7250313 Video FOX13 Video Forecast 7250361 Watch Live News and Replay Live Breaking News 7250265 About Us FOX13 News Staff Contests What's on FOX13 Get Social Cox Careers Advertise with FOX13 Contact Us Newsletters Sign Up More Read the email Apple's Tim Cook wrote to his employees about the election by: Debbie Lord, Cox Media Group National Content Desk Updated: Nov 10, 2016 - 9:58 AM Apple CEO Tim Cook speaks during an announcement of new products Thursday, Oct. 27, 2016, in Cupertino, Calif. (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez) Twtter The day after Donald Trump won the 2016 presidential election, Apple CEO Tim Cook sent an email to the 76,000 Apple employees in the United States, urging them to “move forward together” after an often contentious election.   He, along with other American CEOs, made the move to talk to employees either before or after Tuesday’s election.   Here’s Cook’s email, which was published by Buzzfeed:   “Team,   I’ve heard from many of you today about the presidential election. In a political contest where the candidates were so different and each received a similar number of popular votes, it’s inevitable that the aftermath leaves many of you with strong feelings.   We have a very diverse team of employees, including supporters of each of the candidates. Regardless of which candidate each of us supported as individuals, the only way to move forward is to move forward together. I recall something Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. said 50 years ago: “If you can’t fly, then run. If you can’t run, then walk. If you can’t walk, then crawl, but whatever you do you have to keep moving forward.” This advice is timeless, and a reminder that we only do great work and improve the world by moving forward.   While there is discussion today about uncertainties ahead, you can be confident that Apple’s North Star hasn’t changed. Our products connect people everywhere, and they provide the tools for our customers to do great things to improve their lives and the world at large. Our company is open to all, and we celebrate the diversity of our team here in the United States and around the world — regardless of what they look like, where they come from, how they worship or who they love.   I’ve always looked at Apple as one big family and I encourage you to reach out to your co-workers if they are feeling anxious.   Let’s move forward — together!   Best, Tim”   Jamie Dimon, the CEO of J.P. Morgan Chase, sent this email to his employees, according to Reuters:    “Dear colleagues,   We are going through a period of profound political and economic change around the world, and American citizens showed that deep desire for change in voting to elect Donald Trump as the 45th President of the United States. We have heard through democratic processes in both Europe and the United States the frustration that so many people have with the lack of economic opportunity and the challenges they face. We need to listen to those voices.   We have just been through one of the most contentious elections in memory, which can make it even harder to put our differences aside. But that makes it more important than ever to bind the wounds of our nation and to bring together Americans from all walks of life. Recognizing that our diversity is a core strength of our nation, we must all come together as fellow patriots to solve our most serious challenges.   Leaders from across the public, private and nonprofit sectors need to collaborate to find meaningful solutions that create economic growth and greater opportunity for all.   America is best when we come together with clear leadership, expertise and the political will to take on difficult challenges and get things done. No one should ever doubt the strength and resilience of our country and our democracy.   J.P. Morgan Chase has a proud history of supporting our communities and our countries. Through your outstanding efforts, we have built a great company that will continue to thrive – as we continue to focus on helping to serve our clients and communities. We will also continue to help address the important public policy issues of the day and the underlying economic challenges throughout the world.   I’m optimistic about America’s future and the role our company will continue to play as we help the nation address our challenges and move forward together. Jamie”   Starbucks CEO Howard Schultz sent his employees an email prior to the election.     “Dear partners,   It's a rainy Sunday morning in Seattle, we've turned the clocks back an hour, and I'm enjoying a French Press of my favorite coffee, Aged Sumatra. I woke up this morning feeling a bit anxious about Tuesday's election. Regardless of the outcome, our nation will feel divided. Many Americans have allowed the vitriolic nature of the presidential campaign to ignite our differences and strip away our civility and dignity. In the process, we've lost faith in what we all know has always been true, the promise of America.   But you are the true promise of America.   My faith in you has me more optimistic than ever. Today, I'm not talking about our business or the Starbucks brand. I'm talking about you as a person. As a mother, a father, a daughter, a son, a sister, a brother, a neighbor, a citizen. I also am talking about we as people. We as Americans. And, I am talking about the people who have come before us, those who sacrificed so much to give us a better life than the lives they had. Each of us has a great responsibility to those who preceded us, as well as to "pay it forward" for the next generation. So what can we do? What will we do?   In the face of this epic, unseemly election and the concern we all share about the direction of our country and the lack of truth and void of leadership, we can still make a difference in the lives of the people we touch and influence every day. Kindness, compassion, empathy, and yes love is what we need. It is what we must display and share. We are all longing for a deeper sense of human connection and humanity because, when we are touched by it, it fills us up.   Start today by recognizing the power we have to walk in someone else's shoes, to demonstrate understanding, and to strip away the differences that divide us. Let's each embrace the universal virtues of respect and dignity, refusing to allow the hatred on cable news, the ugliness of our politics, and the lack of political role models for our kids to define us and to dictate how we treat each other. Rise above this moment to be the person that makes a positive difference in your neighborhood and community. Be the person who makes your family proud. Be the person who embodies the promise of America so others may see and feel the possibilities that come with being an American—today, tomorrow, and long after this Tuesday.   Like the drawing of so many faces with a single, unbroken line on this season's green unity cup, we are all connected.   On this Sunday, wherever you are, whatever you are doing, know that I send you my love and respect.   Proud, as always, to be your partner,   Howard” © 2016 Cox Media Group. Twtter Read the email Apple's Tim Cook wrote to his employees about the election Which Thanksgiving foods are safe to feed your dog? Injured bald eagle that fell in storm drain dies, caretakers say Teen in custody after stabbing 5 classmates, self at Utah high school,… Giant sinkhole in Japan repaired in days News Local News National/World News Video Traffic FOX13 Weather Weather Download the FOX13 Weather App Advertisers & Sponsors Cars at Autotrader Local Services at Kudzu Valpak Memphis Coupons About Us About FOX13 What's on FOX13 EEOC Statement FOX13 Public File © 2016 Cox Media Group. By using this website, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy, and understand your options regarding Ad Choices. This station is part of Cox Media Group Television. Learn about careers at Cox Media Group.
Technology Apple Science Cars Celebrity Movies Business Black Friday Holiday Gifts     Best Black Friday Apple Deals Advertised By Walmart, Target And Best Buy Posted: Nov 10 2016, 9:39am CST | by Luigi Lugmayr, in News | Black Friday   This story may contain affiliate links.   The big Black Friday 2016 Ads are here with the deals on Apple products on Black Friday 2016. The Walmart Black Friday 2016 Ad, Target Black Friday 2016 ad and the Best Buy Black Friday 2016 ad are released giving Black Friday shoppers an almost complete look at the deals to find on Black Friday. Don't Miss: Sam's Club Black Friday 2016 Deals These three ads set the deals that Amazon will match or even beat in some cases. All three retailers feature deals on popular Apple products including the iPhone, iPad and more. Some of the advertised Black Friday 2016 deals on Apple products are on sale today. Target offers all Apple TVs with a 25% discount in the Target's Early Access Black Friday sale. Best Buy is selling the $999.99 13.3" MacBook Air Core i5 8GB 256GB Laptop amongst the 16 Black Friday 2016 deals on sale today. Find below the list of the best advertised Black Friday deals on Apple products: $69 Apple TV - Target $99 iPhone 5S Prepaid - Walmart $119 Beats Solo2 Wireless - Target $159.99 Apple TV 64GB - Best Buy $198 Apple Watch Series 1 - Target $199 iPad mini 2 32GB - Walmart $199.79 iPad mini 2 32GB - Target $274 iPad Air 2 - Target $449 iPad Pro 9.7-inch - Target, Walmart $125 off all iPad Pro 9.7-inch $799.99 13.3" MacBook Air Core i5 8GB 128GB - Best Buy  $899.99 21.5" iMac Core i5 8GB 1TB - Best Buy $999.99 13.3" MacBook Air Core i5 8GB 256GB Laptop - Best Buy $1,599.99 27" iMac 5K Retina Core i5 8GB 1TB - Best Buy 20% off all iPods - Target  $250 Gift Card with iPhone 7 on contract Best Buy has again the most Black Friday deals on Apple products. Sam's Club will have matching or in the case of the iPad Pro better deals on Saturday November 12. See all Sam's Club Black Friday Deals on Apple products. The Walmart Black Friday 2016 sale begins midnight (12:01am ET) on Thanksgiving Day online and at 6pm in stores. This year there are no 1-Hour Guarantee Black Friday deals in the Walmart Black Friday sale. You need to line-up early for wristbands that Walmart stores hand out for their hottest doorbuster deals. The Best Buy Black Friday 2016 sale begins at 5pm on Thanksgiving Day. The Best Buy Black Friday deals will be likely available online starting at midnight Thanksgiving Day. Best Buy reward program members get early access to a selection of Black Friday deals early. Best Buy is selling on November 10 the first advertised Black Friday deals online. There are 16 deals available including an Apple MacBook Air and two 4K Smart TVs. The Target Black Friday 2016 sale will be available online with free shipping all day Thanksgiving, Thursday, Nov. 24, and in all Target stores when our doors open at 6pm that evening. Target will offer again the giant $10 teddybear as doorbuster deal. Target is selling 18 of the advertises Black Friday 2016 deals today online at target.com. Now Black Friday deal hunters await the release of the Amazon Black Friday 2016 deals to get a complete picture of all deals on sale this year. Amazon will likely again match the doorbuster deals advertised by Best Buy, Walmart and Target. Expect many of the deals advertised in Black Friday ads of the big three Black Friday stores be available on amazon.com. Find all released Black Friday 2016 ads in our Black Friday ads list. We have compiled everything you need to know about Black Friday 2016 in our Black Friday 2016 guide. Browse the big three Black Friday 2016 ads below: Walmart Black Friday 2016 Ad Target Black Friday 2016 ad Best Buy Black Friday 2016 ad Read also everything we know about the Amazon Black Friday 2016 sale, which we predict will be largest Black Friday sale in history. Black Friday 2016 is on November 25. Read the latest Black Friday 2016 news. Buy Now on Amazon You May Like The Author Luigi Lugmayr Luigi Lugmayr (Google+) is the founding chief Editor of I4U News and brings over 15 years experience in the technology field to the ever evolving and exciting world of gadgets. He started I4U News back in 2000 and evolved it into vibrant technology magazine. Luigi can be contacted directly at ml@i4u.com.     Advertisement Leave a Comment Share this Story Follow Us Read the Latest from I4U News Best Black Friday Deals Today 1 hour ago AAFES Black Friday 2016 Ad Leaks 2 hours ago Black Friday goes Mobile Online and In Stores 3 hours ago ToysRUs Black Friday 2016 Sale Begins Sunday for Members 3 hours ago Walmart Black Friday 2016 Ad: $398 60-inch Vizio D60N-E3 1080p TV 3 hours ago Tesla Model 3 to Have 30% More Energy Efficient Battery Than Model S 4 minutes ago Tesla Comes to LA Auto Show with Model X and Mobile Design Studio 9 minutes ago The Rock is Sexiest Man Alive: Dwayne Johnson will Run for President in 2020 1 hour ago Back to the Future Like Solar Nanotech-Powered Clothes are Coming 1 hour ago Asus ZenFone AR Google Tango Smartphone to Launch at CES 2017 1 hour ago Have the Flu? It's Likely Because of When You Were Born 1 hour ago Jaguar I-PACE Concept: Jaguar Reveals its First Electric SUV 2 hours ago Bruno Mars Confirms 2017 World Tour for 24K Magic 2 hours ago Amazon Prime Sale for The Grand Tour Premiere Launched 2 hours ago Depression is Rising in US Teens Girls 3 hours ago Walmart Black Friday 2016 Ad Target Black Friday 2016 ad Best Buy Black Friday 2016 ad All Black Friday 2016 ads How to Find Hatchimals Deals Find NES Classic Deals Your Deals on Amazon Featured News Black Friday Oculus Rift and HTC Vive VR Headset Deals Are Weak Walmart Black Friday 2016 Ad Released   All Black Friday 2016 Deals on Samsung TVs Announced Sam's Club Samsung Saturday Sale on Nov. 19 Announced Black Friday Best Black Friday Deals Today 1 hour ago AAFES Black Friday 2016 Ad Leaks 2 hours ago Black Friday goes Mobile Online and In Stores 3 hours ago ToysRUs Black Friday 2016 Sale Begins Sunday for Members 3 hours ago More Black Friday Stories Latest News Tesla Model 3 to Have 30% More Energy Efficient Battery Than Model S 4 minutes ago Tesla Comes to LA Auto Show with Model X and Mobile Design Studio 9 minutes ago The Rock is Sexiest Man Alive: Dwayne Johnson will Run for President in 2020 1 hour ago Back to the Future Like Solar Nanotech-Powered Clothes are Coming 1 hour ago More Latest News The Latest ... Black Friday 2016 Cyber Monday 2016 Holiday Gifts 2016 CES 2017 Technology News Apple News Science News Celebrity News Movie News Advertising News Car News Business News Political News Sport News TV Show News Also on the Geek Mind Super Bowl 2017 Ads Hot Tech Deals About I4U News I4U News is daily News site for the Geek Mind. Expect the latest technology news including the juiciest rumors. Stay up to date with the biggest discoveries in science. Other featured news topics include cars, celebrities, movies and more. Read more. Black Friday The Black Friday 2016 season is here. When is Black Friday 2016? It is on November 25, but the first Black Friday 2016 deals are already on sale as of October 30. I4U News is providing its annual in-depth coverage of Black Friday 2016 ads, deals and sales at the Black Friday 2016 Hub. About Us | Privacy Policy | Submit News Tips © Copyright by I4U LLC 2016
TechRadar The source for Tech Buying Advice Search RSS Reviews How To Phones TVs Laptops Deals Photography More Car Tech Wearables Tablets Components Audiovisual Gaming Computing Downloads News Pro Trending MacBook Pro Nintendo Switch Google Pixel iOS 10.1 PS4 Pro Early Black Friday Deals News Best cheap phones in the US for 2016 Best cheap phones in the US for 2016 By Matt Swider Mobile phones   10 best budget iPhone and Android phones compared Shares Update: The best cheap phone of 2016 is no surprise: Motorola is once again at the top of our list. We're reviewing more budget phones than ever, so stay tuned for additional comparisons and ranking changes. The best cheap phone in the US is a complicated find. Even in 2016, carriers still love to lock you into contracts for budget phone prices, only to have you pay the full amount back in high monthly fees. That's why we have sorted through hundreds of inexpensive smartphones in order to rank the best options that you can buy unlocked without monthly fees and, importantly, without a two-year contract. And good news: while many are $200 or less, you'll actually recognize the names: Motorola, Google and Apple. Others may be new to you, namely Alcatel, ZTE and Huawei, but they're just as list worthy. No, these aren't the best phones in the US and you won't find the new Galaxy S7 or S7 Edge among them. Likewise, the new 4-inch iPhone SE is $399, so it misses the mark by $100, as lovely as it is. But every cheap phone here is perfectly fine for everyday use by someone looking to save money on a discounted iOS 10 or Android 6.0 Marshmallow handset. 1. Moto G4 The best Moto G yet Weight: 155g | Dimensions: 153 x 76.6 x 9.8mm | OS: Android 6 | Screen size: 5.5-inch | Resolution: 1080 x 1920 | CPU: Snapdragon 617 | RAM: 2GB | Storage: 16GB/32GB | Battery: 3000mAh | Rear camera: 13MP | Front camera: 5MP Bright Full HD display Impressively powerful Lack of Moto Maker options No NFC Motorola has made some major upgrades to one of its best phones you can buy right now - the Moto G. The Moto G4 is the first time the phone line has adopted a 5.5-inch Full HD display and it's an impressively powerful device as well. Compared to some of the other phones to follow on this list, this is going to give you the best gaming performance below $200. Better yet, it costs just $149 on Amazon if you're willing to put up with lockscreen ads. Battery life is impressive on the Moto G4, but it's not a perfect phone, as there's no NFC and no customization options you get with other Motorola devices. That said, the rest of the Moto G4 makes it our favorite cheap phone you can buy right now. Read the full review: Motorola Moto G4 2. iPhone 5S Apple's iPhone makes the cut if you jump through hoops Weight: 112g | Dimensions: 123.8 x 58.6 x 7.6mm | OS: iOS 10 | Screen size: 4-inch | Resolution: 640 x 1136 | CPU: Dual-core 1.3 GHz | RAM: 1GB | Storage: 16GB | Battery: 1,560mAh | Rear camera: 8MP | Front camera: 1.2MP Touch ID is easy and secure Great camera on a budget Battery could be better It's really, really difficult to fit an Apple phone on a best cheap phones list, but there has to be at least one that's inexpensive enough for iOS fans who refuse to try Android. The cheapest is iPhone 5S. Through the Apple Store, it costs $450 without a contract until the iPhone SE replaced it, and that was way too expensive to consider here. But what about outside the usual channels? The cheapest iPhone I can find comes from pre-paid carrier Virgin Mobile. It costs $249 after a $50 promotional discount, and doesn't require a contract, so you can cancel thereafter. You're only getting 16GB, but then again, so are entry-level iPhone SE owners. It comes in space gray or silver, has Touch ID and a still-impressive 8MP camera and runs iOS 10. Read the full review: iPhone 5S 3. ZTE ZMax Pro ZTE cut almost no corners on this budget device Weight: 189g | Dimensions: 165 x 84 x 8.9mm | OS: Android 6.0 | Screen size: 6-inch | Resolution: 1,920 x 1,080 | CPU: Octa-core 1.5GHz | RAM: 2GB | Storage: 32GB w/ microSD | Battery: 3,400mAh | Rear camera: 13MP | Front camera: 5MP Good build quality Close to stock Android Marshmallow Dim screen Bad speaker While ZTE might not be the world's most recognizable smartphone brand, the ZMax Pro is a sign that this might be changing soon. Somehow, this 6-inch device is just around $200 and comes packed with a fingerprint sensor, 32GB of storage, a microSD card slot, and enough power to handle medium-sized loads of gaming and multi-tasking. We think you'll be pleasantly surprised at every turn with the ZMax Pro, as we were. Currently only available for MetroPCS and T-Mobile, this device is one of the best, most-surprising values to come out of 2016. Here's to hoping that more carriers support it soon. Read the full review: ZTE ZMax Pro 4. OnePlus 2 OnePlus' excellent sophomore effort is cheaper than ever Weight: 175g | Dimensions: 151.8 x 74.9 x 9.8mm | OS: Android 6.0.1 | Screen size: 5.5-inch | Resolution: 1080 x 1920 | CPU: Snapdragon 810 Octa-core 1.8 GHz | RAM: 4GB | Storage: 64GB | Battery: 3,300mAh | Rear camera: 13MP | Front camera: 5MP Beautiful, bright display Lots of features for the price Tends to get warm No NFC, microSD or fast charging Every OnePlus device is angled to the consumer as a "flagship killer". And, although there are more powerful phones available today, the OnePlus 2 still represents a fantastic value for light users, as well as the more hardcore users. It may not have some of the niceties that we come to expect in a well-rounded device, like NFC, fast charging, or microSD support. But if you can get past those omissions, you'll be treated to what's likely the fastest, most capable smartphone on this list. Read the full review: OnePlus 2 5. Alcatel OneTouch Idol 3 A cheap 5.5-inch phone from a company you've never heard of Weight: 141g | Dimensions: 152.7 x 75.1 x 7.4mm | OS: Android 6.0 | Screen size: 5.5-inch | Resolution: 1080 x 1920 | CPU: Quad-core 1.5 GHz | RAM: 2GB | Storage: 16GB | Battery: 2,910mAh | Rear camera: 13MP | Front camera: 8MP Vibrant screen Dual front stereo speakers Sluggish interface No quick charging The Alcatel OneTouch Idol 3 is the best phone with a 5.5-inch display that you can get without having to pay a whole lot of money. Specifically, this Android handset is just $179. It's an unlocked phone with the same sized screen and pixel density as the iPhone 6S Plus. It even has dual, front-facing stereo speakers, something you won't hear from an Apple phone. Of course, the rest of the specs can't compare to an iPhone, with a much slower Qualcomm Snapdragon 615 octa-core processor running at 1.5GHz and mediocre 13MP camera. That should be enough for most people looking for a cheap phone. And think of it this way: you could buy four Alcatel OneTouch Idol 3 phones for the price of one iPhone 7. Really. Read the full review: Alcatel OneTouch Idol 3 6. Moto X 2nd generation Motorola's unlocked phone from 2014 still impresses us Weight: 144g | Dimensions: 140.8 x 72.4 x 10mm | OS: Android 6.0 | Screen size: 5.2-inch | Resolution: 1080 x 1920 | CPU: Quad-core 2.5 GHz | RAM: 2GB | Storage: 16GB | Battery: 2,300mAh | Rear camera: 13MP | Front camera: 2MP Great 5.2-inch screen Moto Maker customizations No micro SD slot Camera inconsistent Motorola's 2014 flagship is the most expensive phone on this list, but it's also one of the best because it hovers between our best phones and budget lists. It has a vibrant-looking, 5.2-inch AMOLED display and a curved back that feels like the right size and shape for a one-handed phone. The aluminum frame gives it some sharp class. It's cheaper than most Android 6.0 Marshmallow phones in its class and it has some neat tricks, like the always-on Moto Display and web-based Moto Maker software for custom phone orders. These are features carried over to the newer Moto X Style, Moto Z and Moto Z Force, but at a higher cost. There's no microSD slot, unfortunately, and the camera is okay. You'll also want to skip the nice leather option because it's a bit too supple and bruises easily. That back isn't worth your hard-earned money. Read the full review: Moto X 2nd generation 7. OnePlus X OnePlus X can now be sought without an invite code Weight: 160g | Dimensions: 140 x 69 x 6.9 mm | OS: Android 6.0 | Screen size: 5-inch | Resolution: 1080 x 1920 | CPU: Quad-core 2.3 GHz | RAM: 3GB | Storage: 16GB | Battery: 2,525mAh | Rear camera: 13MP | Front camera: 8MP Attractive design No NFC or fast charging Bright display Average performance Anyone can buy the OnePlus 3 since it doesn't require an invite, but it's still expensive at $399. Good news: its smaller sibling has been much more affordable since it launched. The OnePlus One X is now $199 and compromises on everything from inches to specs. It has a 5-inch full HD display, a Snapdragon 801 (no, not 810) processor and 3GB of RAM. Those are still better than average specs for a cheap phone that runs Android 6.0 Marshmallow. Just don't go looking for a fingerprint sensor on this budget phone option. Instead, what I appreciate most is that the phone features a microSD card slot and an older micro USB port instead of the newfangled USB-C style that I'm just not ready for yet. Read the full review: OnePlus X 8. Asus Zenfone 2 Weight: 170g | Dimensions: 152.5 x 77.2 x 10.9mm | OS: Android 6.0 | Screen size: 5.5-inch | Resolution: 1080 x 1920 | CPU: Quad-core 1.8 GHz | RAM: 2GB | Storage: 16GB | Battery: 3,000mAh | Rear camera: 13MP | Front camera: 5MP Spacious display for cheap Customization interface Cheap look and feel Dim screen and camera The more expensive 4GB ASUS Zenfone 2 was a tough sell for us, only because it brought powerful specs and Android customizations, yet wrapped it all in a plastic phone at $299. Much less of an oxymoron is the 2GB Asus Zenfone 2, at a more reasonable $199. It feels just as cheap, but for a much more appropriate price. You just have to deal with its slower processor. Intel is powering both variants, and this phone has a 1.8GHz Intel Atom Z3560 quad-core chip, ditching the more commonly used Qualcomm Snapdragon processors. Its roomy 5.5-inch display, 1080p resolution and Android software tweaks are the real highlights. Screen brightness and camera are literal lowlights, but you can't win them all with a cheap phone. We were able to test out the forthcoming Asus Zenfone 3 Deluxe (launched in Asia, but not the US just yet), but with its more powerful specs and all-metal design, it'll likely cost much more than the cheapest Zenfone 2. Read the full review: Asus Zenfone 2 9. HTC Desire 626 It's not the HTC A9, but its cheaper cousin Weight: 140g | Dimensions: 146.9 x 70.9 x 8.2mm | OS: Android 5.1 | Screen size: 5-inch | Resolution: 720 x 1280 | CPU: Octa-core 1.7 GHz | RAM: 2GB | Storage: 16GB | Battery: 2,000mAh | Rear camera: 13MP | Front camera: 5MP Bright, sharp screen Customizable interface Weak camera Average performance You won't find the new HTC 10 on this list, but the Taiwanese phone maker has a budget smartphone that packs solid mid-range specs at a fraction of the price. The year-old HTC Desire 626 holds up with a 5-inch display and 720p resolution that's big and sharp for the amount you're paying. It gives HTC's colorful interface a sharpness that makes everything pop. Its 16-megapixel (MP) camera and battery life are mediocre compared to what we were expecting, but that's almost universal on smartphones at this price. The HTC Desire 626 is all about offering an HTC-built phone with an octa-core processor, and actually paying less than the upfront price of a $199 phone that has a two-year contract. Read the full review: HTC Desire 626 Like saving money? These are the best cheap tablets around ABOUT THE AUTHOR Matt Swider Matt Swider is TechRadar's gadget-savvy, globe-trotting mobile editor in Los Angeles. As an expert in iOS and Android, he owns over 120 phones that someone keeps setting the alarms on – simultaneously. He received his journalism degree from Penn State University and is never seen without his TechRadar headphones. Related news The best Black Friday deals 2016 10 best monitors and displays on the market 2016 13 best PC gaming headsets 2016 Samsung buys Harman - here's what it'll mean for your next car, phone, and more See more Mobile phones news Load Comments Tech deals, prizes and latest news Get the best tech deals, reviews, product advice, competitions, unmissable tech news and more! No spam, we promise. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission. Most Popular Most Shared 1 The best Amazon Black Friday deals 2016 2 15 best laptops you can buy in 2016 3 How to photograph the moon: an easy way to shoot moon pictures full of detail 4 iOS 10 problems: Here's how to fix the most common issues 5 The 10 best 4K TVs of 2016 1 Samsung Galaxy S8 to take on iPhone with its own 'force touch' screen 2 New leak gives us our best idea yet of the Nintendo Switch's price 3 A eulogy for the Wii U 4 MIT let an AI loose on the web - what could possibly go wrong? 5 Hyperloop will move you at 700mph for a price you can afford TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site. Terms and conditions Privacy policy Cookies policy Advertise with us © Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury, Bath BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.
Finance BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Apple Pay web users can get exclusive offers BI Intelligence Nov. 10, 2016, 1:11 PM 868 facebook linkedin twitter email print BII See Also You won’t recognize the new world of digital payments without this report THE CONNECTED DEVICE PAYMENTS REPORT: Market opportunities, top stakeholders, and new use cases for the next frontier in payments Future of Payments: Four Trends to Know in Payment Processing This story was delivered to BI Intelligence "Payments Briefing" subscribers. To learn more and subscribe, please click here. Apple Pay, which launched in-browser to iOS 10 customers using Safari in September, is now giving users exclusive holiday offerings in partnership with select merchants, according to Apple. Users of Apple Pay on the web can pay via a buy button located on merchant partners' web pages, and then verify purchases through Touch ID. By growing merchant partnerships and incentivizing payment options across channels, Apple Pay adoption could increase. Giving consumers incentive to use Apple Pay through a channel they are likely using could encourage a new population to test the wallet.  Consumers want loyalty and rewards to be tied to mobile wallet usage. Sixty-seven percent of consumers want loyalty card integration with mobile wallets. And 94% of consumers say they'd be more likely to use a mobile wallet if they could earn and redeem rewards, according to a survey by Point. These incentives and deals could help feed that demand.   The majority of e-commerce purchases occur on PCs. US consumers spent $55 billion on mobile in 2015, but this accounted for only 16% of total e-commerce, according to our estimates. That indicates that PCs still remain the preferred method for online shopping. Providing online customers a convenient payment option, and then incentivizing them to use it through promotions and discounts, could help Apple Pay capture a share of this lucrative market.  Increased awareness of Apple Pay on the web could push users to use the mobile wallet in-store. Apple Pay adoption has stagnated at just below 25% of eligible users, according to ongoing data from PYMNTS and InfoScout, which means the service must find ways to better engage eligible users. If the wallet can effectively use incentives to boost in-browser usage, it could engage a new demographic that might be willing to then test the wallet in-store, therefore increasing adoption across the board.  Mobile payments are becoming more popular, but they still face some high barriers, such as consumers' continued loyalty to traditional payment methods and fragmented acceptance among merchants. But as loyalty programs are integrated and more consumers rely on their mobile wallets for other features like in-app payments, adoption and usage will surge over the next few years. Evan Bakker, research analyst for BI Intelligence, Business Insider's premium research service, has compiled a detailed report on mobile payments that forecasts the growth of in-store mobile payments in the U.S., analyzes the performance of major mobile wallets like Apple Pay, Android Pay, and Samsung Pay, and addresses the barriers holding mobile payments back as well as the benefits that will propel adoption. Here are some key takeaways from the report: In our latest US in-store mobile payments forecast, we find that volume will reach $75 billion this year. We expect volume to pick up significantly by 2020, reaching $503 billion. This reflects a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 80% between 2015 and 2020. Consumer interest is the primary barrier to mobile payments adoption. Surveys indicate that the issue is less the mobile wallet itself and more that people remain loyal to traditional payment methods and show little enthusiasm for picking up new habits. Integrated loyalty programs and other add-on features will be key to mobile wallets taking off. Consumers are showing interest in wallets with integrated loyalty programs. Other potential add-ons, like in-app, in-browser, and P2P payments, will also start fueling adoption. This strategy has been proved successful in China with platforms like WeChat and Alipay. In full, the report: Forecasts the growth of US in-store mobile payments volume and users through 2020. Measures mobile wallet user engagement by forecasting mobile payments' share of their annual retail spending. Reviews the performance of major mobile wallets like Apple Pay and Samsung Pay. Addresses the key barriers that are preventing mobile in-store payments from taking off. Identifies the growth drivers that will ultimately carve a path for mainstream adoption. To get your copy of this invaluable guide, choose one of these options: Subscribe to an ALL-ACCESS Membership with BI Intelligence and gain immediate access to this report AND over 100 other expertly researched deep-dive reports, subscriptions to all of our daily newsletters, and much more. >> START A MEMBERSHIP Purchase the report and download it immediately from our research store. >> BUY THE REPORT The choice is yours. But however you decide to acquire this report, you’ve given yourself a powerful advantage in your understanding of how mobile payments are rapidly evolving. fi EXCLUSIVE FREE REPORT: 5 Top Fintech Predictions by the BI Intelligence Research Team. Get the Report Now » More: BI Intelligence BI Intelligence Content Marketing Payments Apple Pay Mobile Wallet Mobile Payments facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Apple Pay web users can get exclusive offers Apple Pay web users can get exclusive offers This story was delivered to BI Intelligence... Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish Apple AirPods Release Expected On November 18th By Adnan Farooqui on 11/10/2016 10:22 PST Apple unveiled its wireless AirPods a couple of months ago. It promised to start shipping them soon only to end up delaying the release. The company hasn’t said yet when it’s going to start shipping AirPods but recent reports have suggested that they are still on track for a 2016 release. Word on the street is that Apple AirPods will be released in about a week from now. Apple initially said that the AirPods would be released in “late October” but when it confirmed the delay, it said that it just needed “a little more time.” The company is yet to officially confirm a new release date for the AirPods. Ever since the delay was confirmed, the AirPods have been listed as “currently unavailable” on the company’s website. However, a new report suggests that this might change in the coming week. The report claims that employees at a reseller in Europe have confirmed that the AirPods will be in stock starting November 17th so customers will be able to purchase them the very next day. There’s always the possibility of information from third-party sources being incorrect so until there’s official word from Samsung, just keep your fingers crossed for a November 18th release, but we can’t really be sure about this until Apple says something. Filed in Apple. Read more about AirPods. Source: macrumors Related Articles 2016-11-11 AirPods Might Only Be Shipping In December 2016-11-02 New Report Claims AirPods Still On Track For 2016 Release 2016-11-01 AirPods Might Only Be Launched In 2017 2016-10-26 Apple’s AirPods Have Been Delayed With No New Date In Sight 2016-09-29 More People Want AirPods Than The Apple Watch Thief Steals Galaxy Note 7, It Ends Up Exploding Snapchat Introduces New AR ‘World Lenses’ Feature The Sega Genesis Will Be Going Back Into Production AT&T DirecTV Now Streaming Service Might Offer Free Apple TVs New HTC Bolt Rendering Leaked In Black Uncourage Keychain Helps Prevent Losing The iPhone 7’s 3.5mm Adapter Nintendo Power Line Is Being Revived For A Few Days Samsung Galaxy S8 Release Date, Specs, Features & News User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
Connect with us facebook twitter CNET Reviews Top Categories CNET 100 Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Software Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums Popular Forums Computer Help Computer Newbies Laptops Phones TVs & Home Theaters Networking & Wireless Windows 7 Windows 10 Cameras All Forums News Top Categories Apple Computers Crave Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Top Categories Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Top Categories Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Top Categories Tour CNET Smart Home Smart Home News Smart Home How To Best Smart Home Devices Cars Top Categories Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Top Categories Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Sign In / Join Sign In to CNET Join CNET Member Benefits My Profile Forums Sign Out US Other editions United Kingdom Australia China France Germany Japan Korea CNET en Español HolidayBuyer's Guide CNET Mobile Wearable Tech Apple Watch Series 2 Nike+ Apple's partnership with Nike lives on with the Apple Watch November 10, 2016 9:49 AM PST Apple Watch Nike+ versus the Series 2. What's really different? by Brian Tong Close Drag Apple and Nike partnered 10 years ago for a special edition iPod -- the Nike+ iPod -- to get you running to the beat. The music player came bundled with a wireless sensor that could be placed in select Nike sneaks and used to measure pace and distance when running. The two companies have buddied up once again for a special-edition Apple Watch. The Apple Watch Nike+ edition combines all of the features found in the Apple Watch Series 2, but adds new features that would appeal to runners. The Apple Watch Nike+ is available now in 38 mm and 42 mm sizes for $369, £369 or AU$529, and $399, £399 or AU$579, respectively. That's the same price as the Series 2. James Martin/CNET What's different The Nike+ Run Club app comes preloaded on the watch and works with exclusive Siri commands, such as asking her to start a workout. The app also offers daily motivation through run reminders, challenges with friends and alerts for when the weather is sunny. The watch comes with a lightweight, breathable (i.e. it has holes in it) two-tone silicon strap that's exclusive to the Nike+ model. Color options include black and silver bands with accents in either gray, white or yellow-green (which Apple calls "Volt"). It also features two exclusive Nike watch faces that can be personalized to show activity data and heart rate, or provide quick access to the Nike+ Run Club and weather apps. What else can it do? Other than the features listed above, the Nike+ model is identical to the Apple Watch Series 2. It's the same size and weight, and it can be used to make phone calls (when your iPhone is connected) and run apps. It also features the same ultra bright display, dual-core processor and swim-proof design as the Series 2. You can even download and use the Nike+ Run Club app on the Series 2 model, which also includes GPS, but you won't have the Siri integration and run reminders from the Nike+ model. We'll have a full review of the Apple Watch Nike+ edition in the coming weeks. Hot Products Apple iPhone 7 Starting at: $649.00 4.5 stars Apple iPhone 7 review: Everything you need in a phone, except the headphone jack Samsung Galaxy S7 Starting at: $469.99 4.5 stars Samsung Galaxy S7 review: Nailed it Apple iPad Pro (9.7-inch) Starting at: $534.00 4.5 stars iPad Pro (9.7-inch) review: The best iPad ever can't quite kill your laptop -- yet Microsoft Surface Pro 4 Starting at: $639.00 4 stars Surface Pro 4 review: Still the king of tablet PCs   Discuss: Apple Watch Series 2 Nike+ (42mm space gray... Conversation powered by Livefyre Where to Buy See all prices Apple Watch Series 2 Nike+ (42mm space gray aluminum case, black/cool gray Nike sport band) Part Number: MNYY2LL/A 7 Related Models Apple Watch Series 2 Nike+ (42mm space gray aluminum case, black/volt Nike sport band) mp0a2xa $399.00 Apple Watch Series 2 Nike+ (38mm silver aluminum case, flat silver/white Nike sport band) mnnq2lla $369.00 Apple Watch Series 2 Nike+ (38mm silver aluminum case, flat silver/volt Nike sport band) mnyp2lla $369.00 Apple Watch Series 2 Nike+ (42mm silver aluminum case, flat silver/volt Nike sport band) mnyq2lla $399.00 Apple Watch Series 2 Nike+ (38mm space gray aluminum case, black/cool gray Nike sport band) mnyx2lla $369.00 Apple Watch Series 2 Nike+ (42mm silver aluminum, flat silver/white Nike sport band) mnnt2lla $399.00 Apple Watch Series 2 Nike+ (38mm space gray aluminum case, black/volt Nike sport band) mp082lla $369.00 MSRP: $399.00 Low Price: $399.00 Apple $399.00 See it Amazon.com $579.99 See it See all prices Quick Specifications See All Product type Smartwatch About The Author facebook twitter google Dan Graziano Dan Graziano is an associate editor for CNET. His work has appeared on BGR, Fox News, Fox Business, and Yahoo News, among other publications. When he isn't tinkering with the latest gadgets and gizmos, he can be found enjoying the sights and sounds of New York City. © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement cnet Reviews All Reviews Audio Cameras Laptops Phones Roadshow Smart Home Tablets TVs News All News Apple Crave Internet Microsoft Mobile Sci-Tech Security Tech Industry Video All Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Next Big Thing On Cars Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts More About CBS Interactive About CNET CNET 100 CNET Deals CNET Forums CNET Magazine CNET Mobile Help Center Permissions Follow CNET via... Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest Newsletters RSS
Time.com MY ACCOUNT SIGN IN SIGN OUT SUBSCRIBE SUBSCRIBE Home U.S. Politics World Business Tech Health Motto Entertainment Science Newsfeed Living Sports History The TIME Vault Magazine Ideas Parents TIME Labs Money LIFE The Daily Cut Photography Videos TIME Shop Press Room The 100 Most Influential People American Voices Next Generation Leaders The Ensemble Effect Person of the Year 2015 Top of the World A Year In Space Subscribe Newsletters Feedback Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Ad Choices RSS TIME Apps TIME for Kids Advertising Reprints and Permissions Site Map Help Customer Service © 2016 Time Inc. All rights reserved. Tech MY ACCOUNT SIGN IN SIGN OUT SUBSCRIBE SUBSCRIBE MORE U.S. Edition U.S. Edition Europe, Middle East and Africa Edition Asia Edition South Pacific Edition Germany Bans Islamist Group ‘True Religion’ Accused of Recruiting Jihadists Thanksgiving 2016 Set to Be Busiest for Travel in 9 Years Egypt’s Mohammed Morsi Has Death Sentence Overturned Why I Became an LGBTI Activist in a Country Where Homosexuality Is Illegal Leaked Memo Says U.K. Government Has No Brexit Plan Russia Announces Major Offensive in Syria as Airstrikes Hit Aleppo The Inside Story Behind Tinder’s New Gender Options Donald Trump’s Victory Could Jeopardize Roe v. Wade Abortion Ruling ISIS Fires Near Mosul Sicken 1,500 People, U.N. Says Aftershocks and Flooding Batter New Zealand In Earthquake Aftermath TIME Tech deals These Are This Year’s Best Apple Black Friday Deals Don Reisinger / Fortune Nov. 10, 2016 SHARE Including iPhones, Macs and more + READ ARTICLE Apple products have never been cheap, and historically, the tech giant has been loath to offer deals. But each year on Black Friday, Apple and its retail partners offer customers with the opportunity to take advantage of some discounts. This year appears to be no different. Many of Apple’s most popular products—including the company’s Macs and iPhones—will be on sale at select locations on Black Friday. And as part of the industry’s attempt at getting customers to make purchases ahead of the busy holiday shopping season, folks might even find some deals before the big shopping day. Either way, Apple deals are out there. So read on to see the latest Apple Black Friday deals from a wide array of retailers: iPhone Target is offering a free iPhone 7 or iPhone 7 Plus with a qualified cellular plan on AT&T, Sprint, or Verizon’s network. Those who want the elder iPhone 5s, which typically retails for $149, can get it at Walmart on Black Friday for $99. The device must be purchased with a Straight Talk wireless plan. Buy any Apple iPhone at Walmart on Black Friday and put no money down. You’ll also get a $250 Walmart gift card. Want an iPhone 7? Best Buy is offering up to a $250 gift card to pick one up. Best Buy is offering the iPhone SE at $10 per month, giving customers a $160 savings on the device. iPad Want a 9.7-inch iPad Pro? Target is planning to sell a base model, which typically starts at $600, for $449 on Black Friday. The company is offering similar, but as-yet announced, deals on other iPad Pro models. The iPad Air 2 is similarly getting special treatment at Target and will come with a starting price of $274, a $126 discount off its regular price. Not to be left out, the iPad Mini 2 will start at $199.79 at Target on Black Friday, a $70 discount off its sticker price. Walmart will also be selling the iPad Mini 2 for $199 on Black Friday. Best Buy will be offering a $125 discount on all 9.7-inch iPad Pro models. Best Buy will deliver the same $125 discount on all iPad Air 2 models. Mac Apple’s aging MacBook Air will be available for $800 at Best Buy, $200 off its regular retail price. The larger 13-inch MacBook Air will get a $200 discount and retail for $999.99 at Best Buy. Similarly, Best Buy will be selling the 21.5-inch iMac at a $200 discount, bringing its price down to $900. The 27-inch iMac with Retina 5K display will also get a $200 discount at Best Buy, reducing its price to $1,599.99. Apple Watch Target will sell the Apple Watch Series 1 for $198, a nice discount off its $269 regular retail price. Best Buy’s Apple Watch Series 1 pricing will start at $219, a $50 savings. Apple TV Target will be selling all Apple TV models at a 25% discount on Black Friday. Best Buy will sell the $200 64GB Apple TV on Black Friday for $160. Other Apple Goodies If you buy one Apple iTunes gift card at full price, Best Buy will give you a second for 30% off. Apple’s Beats By Dre Powerbeats 2 will be on sale for $90. They typically retail for $200. This is a running list of the best Black Friday deals on Apple products. It will be regularly updated between now and Black Friday, so be sure to check back often to see the latest and greatest deals. This article originally appeared on Fortune.com Read Next Your browser is out of date. Please update your browser at http://update.microsoft.com Home U.S. Politics World Business Tech Health Science Entertainment Newsfeed Living Ideas Parents Sports History The TIME Vault Magazine Subscribe Give a Gift TIME Shop Press Room Newsletters Customer Service Site Map Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Advertising Ad Choices Careers © 2016 Time Inc. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP YOU BROKE TIME.COM! Dear TIME Reader, As a regular visitor to TIME.com, we are sure you enjoy all the great journalism created by our editors and reporters. Great journalism has great value, and it costs money to make it. One of the main ways we cover our costs is through advertising. The use of software that blocks ads limits our ability to provide you with the journalism you enjoy. Consider turning your Ad Blocker off so that we can continue to provide the world class journalism you have become accustomed to. The TIME Team
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « Apple Refines their Head-Mounted Display Device for a Second Time this Year | Main | Why is Samsung Racing to launch their first Foldable Dumbphone? » November 10, 2016 Apple Updates 'Glass Fused Device Housing' Patent by shining a light on a Possible Illumination Feature   This week the European Patent Office published an Apple patent filing made in Taiwan in August 2016. Technically it could be considered a continuation patent of Apple's original invention titled 'Fused Glass Device Housing,' which Patently Apple covered in August 2013 'Apple Files Patent for Fused Glass Device Housings for TV & More.' Any time the only thing that changes in a patent filing are its claims, then it falls into the category of known as a continuation patent. One of the added claims in this current filing has brought a new idea to light that may have been overlooked originally. Due to Apple highlighting this feature now in its claims, it's at least a feature that they think is worthy enough of cementing it in their patent claims which protects it better under the law. Considering that Apple's 2017 anniversary iPhone is to have a form factor emphasizing glass, this patent could play a part in the new design.   When this Apple invention first came to light, Apple seemed to place emphasis on an iMac display and/or Television even though it touched on an iPhone and iPad application. The new additions to Apple's patent claims point to a middle section of a possible future iPhone being a band of glass as opposed to the iPhone 4 or 5's band of metal.   The unique aspect to this proposed feature is that the middle band of glass would be band that could be illuminated.   Apple's new Patent Claim #18 states that "The electronic device defined in claim 15 further comprising a light source configured to illuminate the raised glass structures.   In Apple's patent FIG. 4 illustrated below we're able to see an iPhone that has been provided with upper and lower glass layers # 20. The middle segment of the housing is noted as structure #38 which could be a layer of glass, ceramic or other material that could be illuminated.   New claims also confirm openings in the glass structures 20 that may be used to accommodate the Home Button and or other openings to accommodate a speaker #36 or more.   On one hand, Apple notes that the glass structures #20 may be formed from clear glass, glass with a colored tint (e.g., a blue tint, red tint, green tint, etc.), black glass, gray glass, or glass of other colors.   Apple further notes that the amount of color in the bottom glass layer may be sufficient to render structures dark in appearance to help hide interior device components from view through the edge glass. This is where the patent gets a little confusing as structure #20 is representing top and bottom glass but notes that they want to hide the iPhone's internal components when looking at the glass edge of the iPhone.   With its description being awkwardly described, 'the edge' glass appears that it could take on not just colored 'tints' but also be 'illuminated' along with the edge. At one point Apple notes that the "side view of glass structures formed by fusing a peripheral glass member to a planar glass member may be configured to be illuminated along an edge using a light source."   If this feature ever materializes then technically the iPhone would be able to notify users of things such as incoming texts, emails, important contacts and/or indicate the battery is running low by having the side glass band illuminate in corresponding colors as our cover graphic would suggest.   Other new patent claims include the following:   Patent Claim #20: A method of forming an electronic device, comprising: polishing a planar glass member; fusing a peripheral glass member to at least part of an edge portion of the planar glass member to thicken the planar glass member at the edge portion; and attaching the planar glass member and fused peripheral glass member to a housing structure.   Patent Clam #21: The method defined in claim 20 wherein the housing structure comprises a housing structure selected from the group consisting of: a glass housing structure, a plastic housing structure, and a metal housing structure and wherein attaching the planar glass member and fused peripheral glass member to the housing structure comprises forming a housing with an interior that contains electronic components for the electronic device.   Patent Claim # 22: "The method defined in claim 20 further comprising: chemically strengthening the planar glass member and the fused peripheral glass member.   Patent Claim #23: The method defined in claim 22 further comprising forming a rounded edge surface on the planar glass member before chemically strengthening the planar glass member and the fused peripheral glass member.   In the end, while the idea of an iPhone having an illuminated glass mid-section or band sounds pretty cool, we have to caution that it's just a patent filing idea that may or may not ever materialize. Though considering that the rumored 2017 iPhone involves an all-glass housing, it has to at least be considered as one of many possibilities. If it were to be implanted, then the accessory cases would have to provide clear sidings in order to see the illuminated notification colors.   Apple's patent was filed in Taiwan under number TW201628979 and surfaced at the European Patent Office the week of November 07.   Patently Apple presents a detailed summary of patent applications with associated graphics for journalistic news purposes as each such patent application is revealed by the U.S. Patent & Trade Office. Readers are cautioned that the full text of any patent application should be read in its entirety for full and accurate details. About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.       Posted by Jack Purcher on November 10, 2016 at 10:45 AM in 1. Patent Applications, Apple iPhone | Permalink Comments Verify your Comment Previewing your Comment Posted by:  |  This is only a preview. Your comment has not yet been posted. Your comment could not be posted. Error type: Your comment has been saved. Comments are moderated and will not appear until approved by the author. Post another comment The letters and numbers you entered did not match the image. Please try again. As a final step before posting your comment, enter the letters and numbers you see in the image below. This prevents automated programs from posting comments. Having trouble reading this image? View an alternate. Post a comment Comments are moderated, and will not appear until the author has approved them. Comment below or sign in with Typepad Facebook TwitterGoogle+and more... You are currently signed in as (nobody). Sign Out (You can use HTML tags like <b> <i> and <ul> to style your text. URLs automatically linked.) Your Information (Name is required. Email address will not be displayed with the comment.) Name is required to post a comment Please enter a valid email address Invalid URL Please enable JavaScript if you would like to comment on this blog. Search Recent Posts Apple Wins 61 Patents Today Covering Future iPad Pro Accessories including a High-End Dock/Pivoting Stand and more Apple Granted a Patent for a Sports Version of Apple EarPods Apple Reportedly working on Digital Glasses Supporting Telephony and Augmented Reality MacBook Pro Reviews fly in while Apostle Schiller continues to Warns us of the Evils of a Touch Display on Macs Samsung Aggressively Gets into Apple's Face with Moves into AI and Telematics with Harman Acquisition Chinese State Publication Warns President Elect Trump that any Tariffs on Chinese Goods Would be bad News for Apple Microsoft, Apple and Google Aim to Extend Touch Technologies to a World of new Devices and Applications Samsung sets their Eyes on a Revolutionary Holographic TV Lest we Forget: Remembrance and Veterans Day 2016 Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports 6. Patently Xtra News 7. Snap News 8. Apple-IBM MobileFirst 9. Apple Events & Financial Related Accessories Apple & Market Statistics Apple - Macs Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple iTunes / Apple Music Apple Pay, iWallet, NFC Related Apple Pencil - Smart Pen Apple Store Apple Watch + Other Wearables AppleTV Related Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible Facial Recognition & 3D Related Future Interfaces Green Technology Haptics & Tactile iBeacon News + Inductive, Wireless Charging Liquid Metal Location Related Maps Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Applications Projection Related Security Related Smart Bezels + Social Networking Software + OS Solar Energy Sports Related Travel Related Vehicle Related Videos Videos (Reports with) See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
iDownloadBlog Home Jailbreak How to Jailbreak Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Cydia Unlock How to Unlock Unlock News iPhone iPhone News iPhone 6s iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6 iPhone Photography iPad iPad News iPad Air iPad mini Watch Apple Watch Guide Mac Mac Mac Apps Mac Tips TV Apple TV guide Apps iOS Apps Mac Apps Widgets Best Apps App Finder Tips Tips How to Tutorial iPhone Photography Download Deals Daily Deals: $40 off RAVPower battery pack, $270 off 13-inch MacBook Pro,... Black Friday Mac Bundle: 9 top-rated apps available at 94% off today... 7 USB-C cables you might need for your new MacBook Pro How to try out the new MacBook Pro Touch Bar on any...   skip to main content skip to main menu     With the Touch Bar, Apple gives us a glimpse into a future keyboardless MacBook By Steffen Reich, Nov 10, 2016 Tweet 6 Comments Apple have a proven track record of ardently pursuing their vision, no matter the cost. The latest MacBook Pro serves as another reminder that the company is wholly unimpressionable by outside opinions, keeping up the dream of more simplistic products with every iteration, all the while taking away your beloved USB ports or SD card slots. The ends might be justifiable, but the means can regardless lead to frustration with the most patient customers and complete alienation of the more short-fused ones. This cycle repeats every other year, when Apple decides to roll out hardware that is often just a little ahead of the curve. Much has been made of the MacBook Pro’s latest changing of guard in the USB department. For now, the story goes, Apple has simply done their homework and found USB-C to be the technology fit for the immediate future. But the days of all ports are numbered if rumours are to be believed, as Apple generally contends that less is more and wireless the ultimate endgame. It does not take a giant leap to draw that conclusion and granted its validity, focus on the port situation has drowned out another discussion we clearly need to have at this point: Apple plans to get rid of the physical keyboard, and with the launch of Touch Bar on MacBook Pro the process is well under way. All along we have been thinking Apple is first and foremost concerned with slowly ridding their MacBook lines of ports without risking too much headwind, one generation at a time. We were not wrong, as evidenced by the 12″ MacBook featuring next to no ports and the new MacBook Pro seriously curtailing the Pro in the name (unless dongles). Interestingly, major keyboard transformations of late, on any MacBook line, have been handled differently by most media outlets: Yes, they are reported on and sized up critically, but no, they are barely contextualized. Why are the gaps between each character key narrowing, why are the wobbly keys being replaced for Apple’s butterfly mechanics which permit less travel? People paying attention to Apple’s patent filings will have heard of some of their patents for haptic touch surfaces pertaining to MacBook, but things have clearly not been reprised often enough and at times been discounted as outlandish under the banner that ‘not everything Apple patent they really want to release’. Suspending the discussion of the precise technology behind the keyboard (Force Touch will obviously play its part), I believe that with the release of the new MacBook Pro, a touch keyboard is no longer just in the realm of possibility but definitely happening, and fast at that. Apple’s latest arrival gives us more hints than ever about it, so here’s what I consider the three biggest of them: Butterfly keys Over the last years, Apple has dramatically reshaped the technology behind the MacBook’s keypad. The cost sunk on this by R&D alone are improbable to have been sanctioned solely for reasons of wanting a slightly thinner laptop once again. It quite literally goes deeper than that. Butterfly technology is trickling down the MacBook lines and it is not a long shot to predict them supplant the remaining legacy keyboards before long. Not only does butterfly hog less vertical space in the machines, but it more crucially also takes a seemingly innocuous step towards the feeling of typing on a clean surface. Customers still get the traditional keyboard and yet butterfly tech is undeniably closing up on the iPad typing experience. To lean on the observable demise of the iPhone’s Home button, logic dictates the next MacBook could feature near flat keys – however still physically cut out – that harness Force Touch to emulate the feeling of key travel. If this analogy holds water and we bring it to an end, the final step will be the removing of keys plus Force Touch for glass plus Force Touch, just like iPhone 8 will allegedly drop the Home button cutout altogether. The growth of the trackpad By the same token, the Force Touch enabled trackpads are gaining ground in terms of size and prowess relative to the physical keys. The trackpad has always been one of my favorite selling points of MacBooks since they are dead accurate and gestures implemented nicely. Take nothing away from the trackpads released before Force Touch came to grace them, but it goes without saying that the new generation of it has added another layer of intelligence to them. Why is that a sign for keys to slowly bite the dust you ask? Because simply put, the Force Touch trackpad has outsmarted physical keys in every respect. Mechanical keys cannot discern between various levels of pressure, they can’t tell if one or two fingers are placed on the surface. The list goes on, but if we skip forward to the bottom line, the fact of the matter is that we are witnessing a tug of war between the two input methods and the trackpad is winning. It is by no means a coincidence that it happens to be another instance of a clean, buttonless surface being on the rise. Operating on the assumption that characters are eventually going to get stomped, the trackpad might merge with the keyboard and ceaselessly bleed into it. Touch Bar Call it the ultimate giveaway, the backbone of this article or the elephant in the room, what’s clear is that this is the most straightforward foray into glass panels replacing traditional parts of our keyboards. Its meaning and scope for future flat keyboards is self-evident. Based on early reviews, Touch Bar is rated highly and will on any account wear on. The question is no longer if the feature is here to stay, but rather where Touch Bar will expand to next. If I were to put money on it, I would venture that the days of the physical space bar and cursor keys are probably numbered. Why oh why, Apple? If and when the trend towards a touch keyboard on MacBooks becomes more salient, speculation with respect to Apple’s ulterior motive will be rife. Since it is early days, there is only so much we can surmise right now. With that in mind, reasons for Apple to strive for a keyboard consisting of one single part are not far to seek, which brings us full circle back to Apple pursuing their product vision no matter what. Think impermeability of the keyboard, think thinness, think about the same technology migrating over to iPad. For all we know, the only noticeable difference between iPad and MacBook could become whether you like one or two slates of glass on your product. Granted all of this is a couple of years away and the ideas not all new – but with the arrival of Touch Bar we now have all but certainty that it is going to happen. Touch Bar is only a precursor of much more fundamental change coming to MacBook, and it looks as though that change is approaching fast. Share: Tweet Follow: Follow @iDownloadBlog We Recommend How to disable the fake clicking sound for Force Touch trackpads Mountie: a simple way to mount your iOS device side-by-side with your MacBook No Escape key on OLED MacBook Pro? Sierra lets you remap its function to a modifier key One more hint that the next MacBook Pro will have OLED touch bar Related Topics Force Touch, Haptic, iPad, Keyboard, Mac, MacBook, MacBook Pro, Opinion Tom Mermul i don´t like the new keyboard on the macbook. I prefer the macbook air keyboard. ! Marcus Have you actually typed on the new keyboard? I went to an Apple Store a few weeks ago and tested out the new keyboard. I loved it immediately. ILOVEAPPLE Soon apple will go keyboardless because they will sell dongle for the keyboard lmao!!! iBanks HA……………………………HA………….! CAIO MARIZ® In five years Apple will change the Mac keyboard+touchpad in an iPad with force touch (ARM chip everywhere), that will be a customizable virtual keyboard or a surface for designers with Apple Pencil JohnS Personally I hope this doesn’t happen. Typing on a desktop is often times a hands free experience because you can feel the keys under your fingers. A smooth pane of glass would be far less intuitive and in the end yield a worse experience. My fear is that a mechanical keyboard naturally absorbed shocks to the wrists due to the travel of the keys. Tapping a hard surface results in your hands and wrists absorbing all that shock. Perhaps this won’t be an issue but I know several people that buy mechanical keyboards simply because they help prevent pain in their wrists. Maybe this won’t be an issue, but I would think this would be a real “pain” in the end both with long term ergonomics and having to look periodically at your keyboard screen to make sure your fingers are still aligned properly.   Search Connect with iDownloadBlog Facebook Become a fan RSS Get the latest news YouTube Watch Us Twitter Stay up to date Newsletter News delivered to you Google+ Add us to your circle   The most recent headlines KGI details three new iPhones coming in 2017, including 5.5″ OLED model with dual cameras Twitter unveils expanded Mute filter and a more direct way to report hateful conduct SSD in the new MacBook Pro with Touch Bar can’t be upgraded A quick look at upcoming “TV” app on Apple TV Super Mario Run is coming to iPhone and iPad on December 15   The latest jailbreak news Jailbreak tweaks of the week: EmojiSuggest, PasswordRecovery, & more… EmojiSuggest brings iOS 10-like emoji suggestions to the predictive keyboard WiJoin lets you know what Wi-Fi network you’re connected to PasswordRecovery stores passwords and recovers them when you forget them NCTextColor lets you add vibrancy to Notification Center iDownloadBlog           iDownloadblog.com About About Advertise Contact Keep in Touch Twitter Facebook RSS Feed Newsletter Push Notifications Podcasts Let's Talk iOS Let's Talk Jailbreak Site Stuff Disclosure Privacy Policy   Copyright iDownloadBlog 2016. This website is not affiliated with Apple.
iDownloadBlog Home Jailbreak How to Jailbreak Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Cydia Unlock How to Unlock Unlock News iPhone iPhone News iPhone 6s iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6 iPhone Photography iPad iPad News iPad Air iPad mini Watch Apple Watch Guide Mac Mac Mac Apps Mac Tips TV Apple TV guide Apps iOS Apps Mac Apps Widgets Best Apps App Finder Tips Tips How to Tutorial iPhone Photography Download Deals Daily Deals: $40 off RAVPower battery pack, $270 off 13-inch MacBook Pro,... Black Friday Mac Bundle: 9 top-rated apps available at 94% off today... 7 USB-C cables you might need for your new MacBook Pro How to try out the new MacBook Pro Touch Bar on any...   skip to main content skip to main menu     AirPods could launch next week, according to this Apple reseller By Christian Zibreg, Nov 10, 2016 Tweet 11 Comments AirPods, Apple’s Bluetooth earphones featuring the company’s in-house designed W1 wireless chip, may be launching next week. That’s the gist of a new report Thursday from German blog Apfelpage.de. The publication cited Apple’s European reseller Conrad as confirming that it’ll receive stock of the delayed earphones on November 17. Conrad will reportedly make the AirPods sellable by November 18-19. The AirPods were originally advertised with a “late October” launch date until Apple said it needed more time to work out the issues. Apple.com currently lists them tentatively as “coming soon”. “The early response to AirPods has been incredible. We don’t believe in shipping a product before it’s ready, and we need a little more time before AirPods are ready for our customers,” said an Apple spokesperson recently. Chinese newspaper Economic Daily News alleged that Apple’s first-ever wireless earphones won’t go on sale before January 2017, but now it seems they’ll be coming sooner than later. A customer who talked with an employee of the Conrad Online Store was reportedly informed that the retailer will begin selling the AirPods next week. The AirPods connect to Bluetooth devices like regular wireless headphones. However, the smarts provided by the W1 chip are realized only when the AirPods are used with an Apple device. These perks include built-in Siri support (tap the headphones twice to converse with Siri), seamless pairing with Apple gadgets and more. One simply opens the case and holds it near an iPhone to pair the AirPods. Pairing information is then pushed to all iCloud devices so you can simply select your AirPods in the AirPlay menu on any device without having to unpair/pair them. The Apple-designed W1 chip also makes possible a five-hour battery life, but the provided charging case extends their run time to up to 24 hours. You charge the case itself through its built-in Lightning port. Source: Apfelpage.de (Google Translate) Share: Tweet Follow: Follow @iDownloadBlog We Recommend AirPods production said to kick off in December AirPods may not ship until January 2017 iPhone 7 Plus could come bundled with Apple’s new AirPods Wireless Earphones A short 15-minute boost from AirPods charging case equals three hours listening time Related Topics Accessories, AirPods, Apple, Headphones, News, Rumors, Wireless [RECON1] Let’s hope! It would be perfect timing for the holiday sales. Tanvir Ahmed “Late October” Typo Sebastien Fixed it. thank you Zack Morris slated for “late October” not late November. Sebastien Fixed thanks askep3 considering they postponed the release I hope they changed stuff about it physicialy, maybe the look Sebastien Not a chance. askep3 you are right XD, its Apple Amid Abdul Do you really think it tooks 1-2 week to design something? askep3 No, I was just “hoping” Jon20 I was hoping for Black color and some extra gestures without having to use SIRI for volume or changing tracks. Hope so!!!   Search Connect with iDownloadBlog Facebook Become a fan RSS Get the latest news YouTube Watch Us Twitter Stay up to date Newsletter News delivered to you Google+ Add us to your circle   The most recent headlines Twitter unveils expanded Mute filter and a more direct way to report hateful conduct SSD in the new MacBook Pro with Touch Bar can’t be upgraded A quick look at upcoming “TV” app on Apple TV Super Mario Run is coming to iPhone and iPad on December 15 WhatsApp rolls out end-to-end encrypted video calling   The latest jailbreak news Jailbreak tweaks of the week: EmojiSuggest, PasswordRecovery, & more… EmojiSuggest brings iOS 10-like emoji suggestions to the predictive keyboard WiJoin lets you know what Wi-Fi network you’re connected to PasswordRecovery stores passwords and recovers them when you forget them NCTextColor lets you add vibrancy to Notification Center iDownloadBlog           iDownloadblog.com About About Advertise Contact Keep in Touch Twitter Facebook RSS Feed Newsletter Push Notifications Podcasts Let's Talk iOS Let's Talk Jailbreak Site Stuff Disclosure Privacy Policy   Copyright iDownloadBlog 2016. This website is not affiliated with Apple.
PhoneDog Android And Me TmoNews NEW Official Smartphone Rankings, Vote NOW! TodaysiPhone.com The source for news, reviews, and articles surrounding Apple. Navigation Home News / Articles App Reviews Accessory Reviews Podcast TiP Us Join the TiP team HOT TOPICS: iPhone 7 macOS Sierra iOS 10 watchOS 3 Apple Music You are here: Home > AirPods could possibly be launching soon AirPods could possibly be launching soon November 10, 2016 Peter Cao Leave a comment Last month, Apple delayed the launch of the much anticipated wireless AirPods beyond their late October ship date that was originally promised. The company said it needed “a little more time” before they were ready to ship the product to customers. Since then, the AirPods have remained listed as “currently unavailable” on Apple’s website. Shortly after Apple’s statement, a supply chain report suggested that the AirPods would not ship until January 2017, which meant that they wouldn’t be ready for this year’s holiday season. But such a timeframe would be incredibly late considering some Apple retail locations have already received AirPods demo units. But according to Conrad, an employee at an Apple reseller told a customer that they will be getting stock for the AirPods on November 17, which would make them available to purchase starting on November 18-19. Here’s the loosely translated quote from German blog Apfelpage.de. Hello, I have just talked with an employee of the Conrad Online Store, since I am there on 14.10 the AirPods ordered and I wanted to cancel today. According to information from the employee, they have stockpiles from 17.11, I will then have them between November 18-19. However, Conrad’s website still say the AirPods will be available for delivery in 7-8 weeks so it’s entirely possible that the employee provided incorrect information. But this does give us some hope that AirPods may be shipping sooner than we expected. Tags: AirPods About Peter Cao Peter has a passion for music and technology. He conceits himself by religiously rocking the Apple brand. You can find him on Twitter @iPeterCao. View all posts by Peter Cao → ← Apple publishes its 2016 holiday gift guide Apple starts its extended holiday return policy today → Select a phone: (optional) + - Any - 3G|4G U301 USB Modem Acer Aspire One Netbook Acer Liquid M220 Airave 2.5 Plus Alcatel 510A Alcatel 768 Alcatel 871A GoPhone Alcatel A392G Alcatel Fling Alcatel One Touch 991 Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel OneTouch Conquest Alcatel OneTouch Elevate Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fierce Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (4.7") Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (5.5") Alcatel OneTouch Pop 7 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon Alcatel OneTouch Pop Mega Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star LTE Alcatel OneTouch Retro ALCATEL OneTouch Sonic LTE Alcatel Pop C9 Alcatel Pop D3 Alcatel Venture Amazon Fire Phone Anna Sui Mobile by Samsung Apple iPad 2 16GB Apple iPad 2 32GB Apple iPad 2 64GB Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad Mini 3 Apple iPad mini 4 Apple iPad mini with Retina Display Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad with Retina Display Apple iPhone 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 8 GB Apple iPhone 3G S 32 GB Apple iPhone 3GS Apple iPhone 4 Apple iPhone 4S Apple iPhone 5 Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6s Plus ASUS MeMO Pad 7 LTE ASUS MeMO Pad FHD 10 LTE ASUS PadFone X mini ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenWatch 2 AT&T Avail 2 AT&T F160 AT&T Impulse 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot Elevate 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot MiFi 2372 AT&T Quickfire AT&T Radiant GoPhone AT&T Unite AT&T Unite Pro AT&T USBConnect 900 AT&T USBConnect Adrenaline AT&T USBConnect Force 4G AT&T USBConnect Mercury AT&T USBConnect Momentum 4G AT&T USBConnect Shockwave AT&T USBConnect Turbo AT&T USBConnect Velocity AT&T Z222 GoPhone AT&T Z331 AT&T Z998 GoPhone Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox PC5740 EVDO PC Card Audiovox VI600 Audiovox XV6600 Betsey Johnson Mobile by Samsung Big Button Flip Alcatel A392G BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7290 BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8820 BlackBerry Bold BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9700 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Bold 9900 BlackBerry Bold 9930 BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Curve 3G BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Curve 8320 BlackBerry Curve 8330 BlackBerry Curve 8350i BlackBerry Curve 8520 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8900 BlackBerry Curve 9310 BlackBerry Curve 9315 BlackBerry Curve 9330 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9370 BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Pearl BlackBerry Pearl 3G BlackBerry Pearl 8110 BlackBerry Pearl 8120 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8230 BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Storm BlackBerry Storm2 BlackBerry Style BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9850 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Tour BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Z30 Blackphone 2 BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Life View BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0C BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio Selfie LTE Boost MAX by ZTE Boost Warp 4G by ZTE Brigadier by Kyocera Casio EXILIM Casio G'zOne Boulder CASIO G'zONE Ravine 2 (Non-Camera) Casio GzOne Brigade Casio GzOne Commando Casio GzOne Ravine Casio GzOne Ravine 2 Casio GzOne Rock CAT B15Q CAT S40 Compaq Mini 110c-1048NR Coolpad Arise Coolpad Flo Coolpad Quattro 4G Dell Inspiron 14z Laptop Dell Inspiron Mini 10 with T-Mobile webConnect Dell Inspiron Mini 1012 Dell Streak 7 Diane Von Furstenberg Mobile by Samsung DROID 2 by Motorola DROID 2 Global by Motorola DROID 3 by Motorola DROID 4 by Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G by Motorola DROID by Motorola DROID CHARGE by Samsung Droid DNA by HTC DROID ERIS by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 by HTC DROID Incredible 4G LTE by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE by HTC DROID Pro by Motorola DROID R2 D2 by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola 16GB DROID RAZR HD by Motorola DROID RAZR M by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola DROID Turbo DROID X by Motorola DROID X2 by Motorola Enact by LG Ericsson c905a Ericsson Equinox Ericsson TM506 Ericsson Vivaz Ericsson W350 Ericsson W518a Ericsson w760a Ericsson Z750a Firefly Fivespot Global Ready Franklin Wireless U680 USB Galaxy Nexus by Samsung Garmin Garminfone Garmin nuvifone G60 Gateway LT2016u Netbook Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 5 Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 9 Google Pixel C HP iPAQ Glisten HP Mini 110 Netbook HP Mini 110-1050NR HP Mini 1151NR Netbook HP Mini 210-1076NR Netbook HP Mini 311-1037NR Netbook HP Veer 4G HTC 8XT HTC Amaze HTC Aria HTC Arrive HTC Desire HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 526 HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 612 HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 626s HTC Desire 816 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire EYE HTC Droid DNA HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 4G HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO Design 4G HTC EVO Shift 4G HTC EVO View 4G HTC First HTC Freestyle HTC FUZE HTC HD 7 HTC HD2 HTC HD7S HTC Hero HTC Imagio HTC Inspire 4G HTC Jetstream HTC Merge HTC Mogul Pocket PC 6800 HTC One HTC One (E8) HTC One (M8) HTC One (M8) For Windows HTC One A9 HTC One M9 HTC One Max HTC One mini HTC One remix HTC One S HTC One SV HTC One V HTC One X HTC One X+ HTC Ozone HTC PPC6800 HTC Pure HTC Radar HTC Rezound HTC Rhyme HTC S621 Excalibur HTC S630 Cavalier HTC Sensation HTC Snap HTC Status HTC Surround HTC Thunderbolt HTC Tilt 2 HTC Titan HTC Titan II HTC Touch HTC Touch Diamond HTC Touch Pro HTC Touch Pro 2 HTC Trophy HTC Vivid HTC Wildfire S Huawei Activa 4G Huawei Ascend HUAWEI Ascend II Huawei Ascend Mate 2 Huawei Ascend Plus Huawei Ascend W1 Huawei Ascend Y Huawei EC168 Huawei Glory Huawei H210C Huawei H215G Huawei H866C Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Inspira Huawei M735 Huawei M835 Huawei Mate S Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei P8 lite Huawei Pal Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Premia 4G Huawei SnapTo Huawei Summit Huawei U8651T Prism Huawei Union Huawei Valiant Huawei Verge Huawei Vitria Huawei Watch Jolla Tablet KIN One KIN Two Kyocera 126C Kyocera 323 Kyocera Brigadier Kyocera Brio Kyocera Coast Kyocera Contact Kyocera DuraCore Kyocera DuraForce Kyocera DuraMax Kyocera DuraPlus Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraXT Kyocera DuraXV Kyocera E1000 Kyocera E1100 Neo Kyocera E2000 Kyocera Echo Kyocera Event Kyocera Hydro Kyocera Hydro Edge Kyocera Hydro Elite Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Vibe Kyocera Hydro Wave Kyocera Hydro XTRM Kyocera K132 Kyocera Kona Kyocera Loft Kyocera Milano Kyocera Presto Kyocera Rise Kyocera SE47 Slider Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torque Kyocera TorqueXT Kyocera Verve LG 221C LG 101 LG 1500 LG 220C LG 231C LG 235C LG 236C LG 320G LG 400G LG 450 LG 500G LG 505C LG 511C LG 600G LG 620G LG 800G LG 900G LG A340 LG A380 LG Access LTE LG Accolade LG Ally LG Arena LG Aspire LG AX155 LG AX300 LG AX310 LG AX565 LG AX8600 LG Banter LG Beacon LG CF360 LG Chocolate 3 LG Chocolate Touch LG Chocolate VX8550 LG Chocolate White LG Clout LG Connect 4G LG Cosmos LG Cosmos 2 LG Cosmos 3 LG Cosmos Touch LG Dare LG Decoy LG dLite LG Doubleplay LG Enact LG Encore LG Enlighten LG enV Touch LG enV VX11000 LG enV VX9900 LG enV2 LG enV3 LG Escape LG Esteem LG Exalt LG eXpo LG Extravert LG Extravert 2 LG Fathom LG G Flex LG G Flex 2 LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad F7.0 LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G Vista 2 LG G2 LG G3 LG G3 Vigor LG G4 LG Glance LG Glimmer LG Google Nexus 4 LG GS170 LG GU295 LG INCITE LG Intuition LG Invision LG L35G SIM4 LG Lancet LG Leon LTE LG Lotus LG Lotus Elite LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 3 LG Lucky LG LX150 LG LX160 LG LX290 LG LX350 LG LX370 LG LX400 LG LX550 LG Mach LG Marquee LG Migo LG Motion 4G LG Muziq LX570 LG Neon LG Neon II LG Nexus 5X LG Nitro HD LG Octane LG Optimus Black LG Optimus Dynamic LG Optimus Dynamic II LG Optimus Elite LG Optimus Exceed LG Optimus Exceed 2 LG Optimus Extreme LG Optimus F3 LG Optimus F3Q LG Optimus F6 LG Optimus F7 LG Optimus Fuel LG Optimus G LG Optimus G Pro LG Optimus L70 LG Optimus L9 LG Optimus L90 LG Optimus Logic LG Optimus M LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus Net LG Optimus One P500 LG Optimus Q LG Optimus S LG Optimus SHOWTIME LG Optimus T LG Optimus Ultimate LG Optimus Zip LG Optimus Zone LG Optimus Zone 2 LG Phoenix LG PM-225 LG Prime LG Quantum LG Realm LG Remarq LG Revere LG Revere 2 LG Revere 3 LG Revolution LG Rhythm LG Rumor LG Rumor 2 LG Rumor Reflex LG Rumor Reflex S LG Rumor Touch LG Scoop LG Sentio LG Shine CU720 LG Shine II LG Spirit 4G LG Sunrise LG Swift LG Thrill LG Transpyre LG Tribute LG Tribute 2 LG Tritan LG Ultimate 2 LG UX145 LG UX260 LG UX280 LG UX300 LG UX380 LG UX565 LG UX830 LG V10 LG Venice LG Versa LG VI-125 LG VI-5225 LG Viper LG VL600 4G USB Modem LG Volt LG Volt 2 LG Vortex LG Vu CU915 LG Vu CU920 LG Vu Plus LG VX3100 LG VX3300 LG VX3400 LG VX3450 LG VX3450L LG VX4400 LG VX4500 LG VX5200 LG VX5400 LG VX5500 LG VX7000 LG VX8000 LG VX8300 LG VX8350 LG VX8360 LG VX8600 LG VX9800 LG Watch Urbane LG Xenon LG Xpression LG Xpression 2 LG100C LG200C LG225 LG300G LG400G LG501C LG620G LG900G Lucid 3 by LG Lucid by LG Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL MiFi 2200 Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot MiFi 500 LTE by Novatel Wireless Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm Moto 360 Sport Motorola 408 Motorola A1200 Ming Motorola A630 Motorola ACTV Motorola Admiral Motorola Adventure V750 Motorola Atrix 2 Motorola Atrix 4G Motorola Atrix HD Motorola Backflip Motorola Bali Motorola Barrage Motorola Bravo Motorola Brute i680 Motorola Brute i686 Motorola Buzz ic502 Motorola C139 Motorola C168i Motorola Charm Motorola Citrus Motorola CLIQ Motorola CLIQ 2 Motorola CLIQ XT Motorola Clutch i465 Motorola Clutch i475 Motorola Debut i856 Motorola Defy Motorola Defy XT Motorola Devour Motorola Droid Bionic Motorola DROID MAXX Motorola DROID Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Mini Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Droid XYBoard 10.1 Motorola Droid XYBoard 8.2 Motorola E815 Motorola EM326g Motorola EM330 Motorola Entice Motorola Evoke Motorola EX124G Motorola EX431G Motorola Flipout Motorola Flipside Motorola Gallo i296 Motorola Hint Motorola Hint QA30 Motorola i1 Motorola i412 Motorola i530b Motorola i530y Motorola i570 Motorola i576 Motorola i605 Motorola i710 Motorola i776 Motorola i830 Motorola i880 Motorola i886 Motorola i890 Motorola Karma QA1 Motorola Krave ZN4 Motorola KRZR K1 Motorola KRZR K1m Motorola L2 Motorola L6 Motorola Luge Motorola Moto E (1st Gen) Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2014) Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Style (Pure Edition) Motorola MOTORAZR maxx Ve Motorola MOTORAZR VE20 Motorola PEBL Motorola PHOTON 4G Motorola Photon Q Motorola Q9 Global Motorola Q9c Motorola Q9m Motorola Rambler Motorola Rapture VU30 Motorola RAZR V3 Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3i/ V3t/ V3r Motorola RAZR V3m Motorola RAZR V3xx Motorola RAZR2 V9m Motorola Renegade V950 Motorola Renew Motorola Rival Motorola RIZR Z3 Motorola RIZR Z6c Motorola ROKR Motorola ROKR E8 Motorola ROKR U9 Motorola ROKR Z6 Motorola SLVR L7c Motorola Stature i9 Motorola T722i Motorola Theory Motorola Titanium Motorola Triumph Motorola Tundra Motorola V120e Motorola V171 Motorola V180 Motorola V190 Motorola V195 Motorola V220 Motorola V235 Motorola V260 Motorola V325 Motorola V360 Motorola V551 Motorola V600 Motorola V60s Motorola V710 Motorola VE465 Motorola VU204 Motorola W315 Motorola W375g Motorola W380 Motorola W385 Motorola W408g Motorola W409G Motorola W418G Motorola W490 Motorola W755 Motorola XOOM Motorola XOOM 4G LTE Motorola XPRT Motorola Z9 Motorola Zine ZN5 myTouch 4G NEC Terrain Netgear 341U USB Modem Netgear Mingle Mobile Hotspot Netgear Zing Nexbit Robin Nexus S 4G Nexus S from Google Nokia 1208 Nokia 1600 Nokia 1616 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1680 Nokia 2320 Nokia 2330 Nokia 2600 Nokia 2605 Mirage Nokia 2610 Nokia 2630 Nokia 2660 Nokia 2680 Nokia 2720 Nokia 2760 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3555 Nokia 3588i Nokia 3660 Nokia 3711 Nokia 5130 Nokia 5230 Nuron Nokia 5310 XpressMusic Nokia 5610 Nokia 6010 Nokia 6015i Nokia 6030 Nokia 6085 Nokia 6101 Nokia 6102i Nokia 6133 Nokia 6165i Nokia 6205 Nokia 6215i Nokia 6236i Nokia 6263 Nokia 6301 Nokia 6315i Nokia 6350 Nokia 6555 Nokia 6650 Nokia 6800 Nokia 7205 Intrigue Nokia 7510 Nokia 7705 Twist Nokia Astound Nokia C3 Nokia E71 Nokia E71x Nokia E73 Mode Nokia Lumia 1020 Nokia Lumia 1520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia Lumia 521 Nokia Lumia 530 Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 635 Nokia Lumia 710 Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 820 Nokia Lumia 822 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 900 Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia Lumia 925 Nokia Lumia 928 Nokia Lumia Icon Nokia Mural Nokia N1 Nokia N73 Nokia N75 Nokia N95 8GB Nokia NGage Nokia Surge Nokia Twist 7705 Nokia VI-3155 Nokia X2 Novatel EX720 ExpressCard Novatel Merlin C777 Novatel Merlin S620 Novatel MiFi 2200 Novatel MiFi 5580 Novatel Ovation U727 Novatel Ovation U760 Novatel PC770 PCmCIA Novatel S720 Novatel U760 Novatel USB1000 Global Modem Novatel V620 EVDO PC Card Novatel V640 PC/Mac USB Broadband Card Novatel V740 PC/Mac Wireless Broadband Card OnePlus 2 OnePlus One OnePlus X Option Quicksilver USB Modem Overdrive 3G 4G Mobile Hotspot Overdrive Pro 3G/4G Hotspot Palm Centro Palm M500 Palm Pixi Palm Pixi Plus Palm Pre Palm Pre 2 Palm Pre Plus Palm Pro Palm Pro Palm Treo 650 Palm Treo 700p Palm Treo 700w Palm Treo 700wx Palm Treo 755p Palm Treo 800w Palm Treo Pro Pantech Breakout Pantech Breeze Pantech Breeze II Pantech Breeze III Pantech Burst Pantech C120 Pantech C300 Pantech C3b Pantech C610 Pantech Caper Pantech Crossover Pantech Crux Pantech Ease Pantech Hotshot Pantech Impact Pantech Jest 2 Pantech Laser Pantech Link Pantech Link II Pantech Marauder Pantech Matrix Pantech Matrix Pro Pantech Perception Pantech PN-820 Pantech Pocket Pantech Pursuit Pantech Pursuit II Pantech Renue Pantech Reveal Pantech Slate Pantech Swift Pantech UML290 4G USB Modem Pantech UML295 LTE USB Modem PCD Chaser Phone Connect 3 Plum Might Z513 Que 4.5 Que 5.0 REEF RIM BlackBerry 6710 RIM BlackBerry 7100t RIM BlackBerry 7105t RIM BlackBerry 7130e RIM BlackBerry 7230 RIM BlackBerry 8700g Rugged CAT S50 S275G Samsung 4G Mobile Hotspot LC11 Samsung A107 Samsung A117 Samsung A127 Samsung A137 Samsung A167 Samsung A187 Samsung A197 Samsung A237 Samsung A580 Samsung A630 Samsung A637 Samsung A650 Samsung A670 Samsung A777 Samsung A870 Samsung A890 Samsung A930 Samsung A950 Samsung A970 Samsung A990 Samsung Access Samsung Ace i325 Samsung Admire Samsung Alias 2 Samsung Array Samsung ATIV Odyssey Samsung ATIV S Neo Samsung ATIV SE Samsung Beat Samsung Behold Samsung Behold II Samsung BlackJack i607 Samsung BlackJack II i617 Samsung Brightside Samsung Captivate Samsung Captivate Glide Samsung Comeback Samsung Conquer 4G Samsung Continuum Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Convoy Samsung Convoy 2 Samsung Convoy 3 Samsung Craft Samsung D415 Samsung D900 Samsung Dart Samsung Delve Samsung DoubleTime Samsung E105 Samsung E315 Samsung E335 Samsung E635 Samsung E715 Samsung Entro Samsung Epic Samsung Epix Samsung Eternity Samsung Eternity II Samsung Evergreen Samsung Exclaim Samsung Exhibit 4G Samsung Exhibit II 4G Samsung Factor Samsung Fascinate Samsung Flight Samsung Flight II Samsung FlipShot SCH-U900 Samsung Focus Samsung Focus 2 Samsung Focus Flash Samsung Focus S Samsung Freeform Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform M Samsung Galaxy Ace Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace Style Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Appeal Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Avant Samsung Galaxy Centura Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Samsung Galaxy Discover Samsung Galaxy Exhibit Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy J1 LTE Samsung Galaxy Light Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Samsung Galaxy Note II Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Precedent Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Reverb Samsung Galaxy Ring Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro Samsung Galaxy Rush Samsung Galaxy S 4 zoom Samsung Galaxy S 4G Samsung Galaxy S Blaze Samsung Galaxy S II Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy S III Mini Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy Stardust Samsung Galaxy Stellar Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II Samsung Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 16GB Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 32GB Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy View Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gleam U700 Samsung Glyde Samsung GO Netbook Samsung Gravity Samsung Gravity 2 Samsung Gravity 3 Samsung Gravity Q Samsung Gravity SMART Samsung Gravity T Samsung Gravity TXT Samsung Gusto Samsung Gusto 2 Samsung Gusto 3 Samsung Haven Samsung Highlight Samsung Highnote Samsung Hue II Samsung Illusion Samsung Impression Samsung Infuse 4G Samsung Instinct Samsung Instinct HD Samsung Instinct S30 Samsung Intensity Samsung Intensity II Samsung Intensity III Samsung Intercept Samsung Intrepid Samsung IP-830 Samsung IP-A790 Samsung Jack Samsung Juke U470 Samsung Katalyst T739 Samsung Knack U310 Samsung M220 Samsung M240 Samsung M300 Samsung M320 Samsung M330 Samsung M360 Samsung M370 Samsung M400 Samsung M500 Samsung M510 Samsung M520 Samsung M610 Samsung Magnet Samsung Matrix Samsung Memoir Samsung MM-A920 Samsung Moment Samsung Muse Samsung MyShot Samsung Mysto Samsung Mythic Samsung Omnia Samsung Omnia II Samsung PM-A740 Samsung Precedent Samsung Propel Samsung Propel Pro Samsung R225m Samsung R335C Samsung R375C Samsung R451C Samsung R455C Samsung R610 Samsung Rant Samsung Reality Samsung Reclaim Samsung Renown Samsung Replenish Samsung Restore Samsung Rogue Samsung Rugby Samsung Rugby 4 Samsung Rugby II Samsung Rugby Smart Samsung S275G Samsung S380C Samsung S390G Samsung S425G Samsung Saga Samsung SCH-i600 Samsung SCH-i730 Samsung SCH-U340 Samsung SCH-U540 Samsung SCH-U620 Samsung SCH-U740 Samsung Seek Samsung SGH-T199 Samsung Smiley Samsung Smooth Samsung Solstice Samsung Solstice II Samsung SP-i600 Samsung Spex r210 Samsung SPH-i700 Samsung Stratosphere Samsung Stripe T329 Samsung Strive Samsung Sunburst Samsung Sway Samsung T109 Samsung T119 Samsung T139 Samsung T159 Samsung T201G Samsung T209 Samsung T219 Samsung T229 Samsung T239 Samsung T249 Samsung t259 Samsung T309 Samsung T319 Samsung T339 Samsung T349 Samsung T369 Samsung T401G Samsung T404G Samsung T439 Samsung T509 Samsung T519 Trace Samsung T528G Samsung T609 Samsung T619 Samsung T629 Samsung T639 Samsung t659 Samsung T719 Samsung T809 Samsung T819 Samsung Trance Samsung Transform Samsung Transform Ultra Samsung Trender Samsung U430 Samsung U450 Samsung U550 Samsung Upstage M620 Samsung VI660 Samsung Vibrant Samsung X427M Samsung X495 Samsung Z400 Samsung Z700 Samsung Zeal Sanyo 7050 Sanyo 8400 Sanyo Incognito Sanyo Innuendo Sanyo Innuendo by Kyocera Sanyo Katana Sanyo Katana DLX Sanyo Katana Eclipse Sanyo Katana Eclipse X Sanyo Katana II Sanyo Katana LX Sanyo M1 Sanyo MM-8300 Sanyo PRO-200 Sanyo PRO-700 Sanyo S1 Sanyo SCP-2400 Sanyo SCP-2700 Sanyo SCP-3100 Sanyo SCP-3200 Sanyo SCP-3810 Sanyo Taho by Kyocera Sanyo Vero by Kyocera Sanyo Zio Saygus V2 Sharp Aquos Crystal Sharp FX Sharp FX PLUS Siemens CF62T Sierra 598 USB Modem Sierra USB Lightning 305 Sierra Wireless 4G LTE Tri-Fi Hotspot Sierra Wireless AC595 PCMCIA Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595U USB PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597 ExpressCard PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AirCard 402 Sierra Wireless Compass 597 USB Modem SKY 4.0 Sky 5.0L Sonim XP STRIKE Sonim XP6 Sony C1904 Xperia M Sony Ericsson Equinox Sony Ericsson GC79 Cellular and WiFi PC Card Sony Ericsson GC89 PCMCIA PC Cell WiFi Card Sony Ericsson J220a Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson T290a Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson TM506 Sony Ericsson W580i Sony Ericsson W810i Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Sony Ericsson Z300 Sony Ericsson Z310a Sony Ericsson Z750a Sony Ericsson Z780 Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia M Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia PLAY 4G Sony Xperia T3 LTE Sony Xperia X10 Sony Xperia Z Sony Xperia Z1S Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Spectrum 2 by LG Spectrum by LG Sprint 3G 4G U600 USB Modem Sprint 3G/4G Plug-in Connect USB Sprint 3G|4G USB 250U Sprint Flash Sprint Force Sprint LivePro Sprint Phone Connect 2 Sprint Plug-in-Connect Trimode Sprint Pocket WiFi Sprint PPC 6700 Sprint Vital Sprint WeGo T-Mobile 4G LTE HotSpot Z915 T-Mobile 4G Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile 665 T-Mobile 768 T-Mobile Comet T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord II T-Mobile Dash T-Mobile Dash 3G T-Mobile G-Slate with Google T-Mobile G1 T-Mobile G2 T-Mobile G2x T-Mobile Jet 2.0 4G Stick T-Mobile MDA T-Mobile myTouch T-Mobile myTouch 3G T-Mobile myTouch 3G Slide T-Mobile myTouch 4G T-Mobile myTouch 4G Slide T-Mobile myTouch by LG T-Mobile myTouch Q T-Mobile myTouch Q by LG T-Mobile Prism T-Mobile Prism II T-Mobile Rocket 3.0 4G Laptop T-Mobile SDA T-Mobile Shadow T-Mobile Sidekick T-Mobile Sidekick 3 T-Mobile Sidekick 4G T-Mobile Sidekick iD T-Mobile Sidekick II T-Mobile Sidekick LX T-Mobile Sidekick Slide T-Mobile Sonic 4G T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Sparq II T-Mobile Tap T-Mobile webConnect Jet USB T-Mobile webConnect USB T-Mobile Wing Turing Phone UNIMAX MAXBravo Unimax MXE-675 UT Starcom PC-5740 UTStarcom Blitz UTStarcom CDM-8945 UTStarcom CDM-8975 UTStarcom Coupe UTStarcom PC5750 PCMCIA PC Broadband Card UTStarcom SMT5800 UTStarcom UM150 USB Modem UTStarcom UM175 USB UTStarcom XV6800 Pocket PC Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice Verizon 4G LTE MiFi 4510L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem UML295 Verizon AD3700 Global USB Verizon Adamant Verizon Blitz Verizon CDM8950 Verizon CDM8975 Verizon Ellipsis 8 Verizon Ellipsis Jetpack MHS800L Verizon Escapade Verizon GzOne Boulder Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 4620L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 5510L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi MHS291L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot 890L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot Verizon Jetpack MiFi 6620L Verizon Razzle Verizon SMT5800 Verizon UM175 USB Data Modem Verizon UMW190 Global USB Verizon USB760 Modem Verizon VX6900 Verizon Wireless Fivespot Global Ready 3G Mobile Hotspot Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect Verizon Wireless Salute Verizon Wireless Turbine 7.0 Verizon Wireless USB551L Virgin Mobile Awe webConnect Rocket HSPA+ Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Xperia ion by Sony YotaPhone 2 ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Aspect ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Axon Pro ZTE Boost Max+ ZTE Compel ZTE Concord II ZTE Force ZTE Fury ZTE Grand S3 ZTE Grand X Max+ ZTE Illustra ZTE Majesty ZTE Maven ZTE Merit ZTE Midnight ZTE Nubia 5S Mini ZTE Optik ZTE Overture 2 ZTE Prestige ZTE Quartz ZTE Rapido LTE ZTE Savvy ZTE Score M ZTE Solar ZTE Speed ZTE Supreme ZTE Unico LTE ZTE Valet ZTE Vital ZTE Warp ZTE Warp Elite ZTE Warp Sequent ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Whirl ZTE Z432 ZTE Z667 ZTE Zephyr ZTE Zinger ZTE ZMAX ZTE ZMAX 2 AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T Mobile Share 10GB AT&T Mobile Share 15GB AT&T Mobile Share 1GB AT&T Mobile Share 20GB AT&T Mobile Share 2GB AT&T Mobile Share 300MB AT&T Mobile Share 40GB AT&T Mobile Share 4GB AT&T Mobile Share 50GB AT&T Mobile Share 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB Boost Mobile BlackBerry Monthly Unlimited Boost Mobile Data Boost Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Plan with Shrinking Payments Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Select Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited with Growing Data CREDO Mobile 10GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 15GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 1GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 2GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 3GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 4GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 6GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 8GB Shared Data Plan FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 500MB GIV Mobile The 20 Plan GIV Mobile The 25 Plan GIV Mobile The 30 Plan GIV Mobile The 40 Plan GIV Mobile The 60 Plan MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Family (2+ Lines) Republic Refund Plan with 0.5 GB Republic Refund Plan with 1 GB Republic Refund Plan with 2 GB Republic Refund Plan with 3 GB Republic Refund Plan with 4 GB Republic Refund Plan with 5 GB Republic Wireless $10 Plan Republic Wireless $25 Plan Republic Wireless $40 Plan Republic Wireless $5 Plan (WiFi Only) Republic Wireless Base Plan ROK Mobile Ultimate Unlimited Scratch Wireless Free Plan Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $1.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $14.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $6.99 Voice Pass Solavei Prepaid Unlimited Sprint $60 Unlimited Plan Sprint All-In Wireless Smartphone + Unlimited Sprint Family Share Pack 10GB Sprint Family Share Pack 12GB Sprint Family Share Pack 16GB Sprint Family Share Pack 1GB Sprint Family Share Pack 20GB Sprint Family Share Pack 2GB Sprint Family Share Pack 32GB Sprint Family Share Pack 40GB Sprint Family Share Pack 4GB Sprint Family Share Pack 60GB Sprint Family Share Pack 8GB Sprint Prepaid $60 Unlimited Talk, Text & Data Sprint Prepaid Unlimited Voice and Texting Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Sprint Unlimited My All-In Sprint Unlimited My Way Sprint Unlimited My Way Family Straight Talk All You Need Straight Talk Unlimited T-Mobile Simple Choice T-Mobile Simple Choice Family (Includes 2+ Lines) T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan T-Mobile Simply Prepaid T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text TextNow Wireless Grande Plan TextNow Wireless Quattro Plan TextNow Wireless Tall Plan TextNow Wireless Venti Plan The Verizon Plan - 100GB The Verizon Plan - 20GB The Verizon Plan - 25GB The Verizon Plan - 30GB The Verizon Plan - 40GB The Verizon Plan - 50GB The Verizon Plan - 60GB The Verizon Plan - 80GB The Verizon Plan - L The Verizon Plan - M The Verizon Plan - S The Verizon Plan - XL The Verizon Plan - XXL Ting L Plan Ting M Plan Ting S Plan Ting XL Plan TracFone 120 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 200 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 450 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan US Mobile 100 Mins Talk US Mobile 1000 Mins Talk US Mobile 2000 Mins Talk US Mobile 250 Mins Talk US Mobile 500 Mins Talk Verizon 100GB More Everything Verizon 10GB More Everything Verizon 14GB More Everything Verizon 15GB More Everything Verizon 16GB More Everything Verizon 20GB More Everything Verizon 2GB More Everything Verizon 30GB More Everything Verizon 40GB More Everything Verizon 4GB More Everything Verizon 500MB More Everything Verizon 50GB More Everything Verizon 60GB More Everything Verizon 80GB More Everything Verizon 8GB More Everything Verizon Prepaid Smartphone Plan Verizon Wireless Smartphone Single Line Plan Virgin Mobile payLo 1500 Talk & Text Virgin Mobile payLo 400 Minutes Virgin Mobile payLo Unlimited Talk & Text Virgin Mobile Unlimited + International + Extra Virgin Mobile Unlimited + More Data Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything + International Number of Lines - Any - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Minutes Unlimited Messages: 500 Data Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below. - Any -05KB50MB30MB100MB150MB200MB250MB300MB400MB500MB600MB700MB800MB900MB1GB1.5GB2GB2.5GB3GB4GB5GB6GB7GB8GB10GB12GB14GB15GB16GB18GB20GB25GB30GB32GB35GB40GB50GB60GB80GB100GB120GBUnlimited - Plans Home Phone Savings Pay Less on Home Phone Service popular topics Apple releases iOS 10.0.3 to the iPhone 7, fixes cellular connectivity issues3 iPhone 8 to feature all glass back, new 5-inch model2 New MacBook Pros have 16GB of RAM max due to battery life concerns1 Over 50 new emojis just approved by Unicode 10, should be on iOS soon1 In a new interview, Phil Schiller discusses the new MacBook Pro1 iPhone 7 to be available in 4 additional countries on November 41 Apple Watch Nike+ launch details, bands will not be sold separately1 Opinion: The lack of Apple software quality on iOS1 Live blog: Apple's 'hello again' October 27 event1 PhoneDog Samsung previews Black Friday deals on phones, tablets, microSD cards, and more Apple said to be considering Google Glass-like smart glasses PlayStation 4 Pro Unboxing, Setup and First Impressions Blue Coral Galaxy S7 edge may launch at T-Mobile on November 18 iOS 10.2 beta 3 update now available from Apple Samsung Rewards launching this week, will offer prizes for Samsung Pay users LG V20 launch sales double that of V10 in the US Android And Me Amazon Prime membership in the UK cut LG has sold over 200,000 V20 units in Top 5 most popular Android apps from Samsung Rewards will earn Samsung Pay Samsung acquires Harman to expand into Google Play Music update adds machine Best 10 smartphone, smartwatch and accessory TmoNews T-Mobile to launch Blue Coral Galaxy T-Mobile launches @Work All-In Bundle T-Mobile’s Blue Coral Galaxy S7 edge AT&T borrows T-Mobile Binge On to launch Next T-Mobile Tuesday will offer UE Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 launches T-Mobile launches 4G LTE service at PhoneDog is one of the largest and most popular interactive mobile news and reviews resource that attracts a community of more than 2.5 million unique visitors each month. The site may have a "cute" name, but it offers up serious editorial content and video reviews that users rely on to make important decisions about their next mobile purchases. PhoneDog Media Family PhoneDog - Cell phone news Android And Me - Google & Android TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog TodaysiPhone - iPhone News & Rumors Company About us In the press Advertising info Jobs & careers Terms of Use Privacy policy Popular iPad iTunes App Reviews Accessory Reviews Research & Shop Buying guide Phone finder Compare plans Phone specials Long distance © 2001-2016 PhoneDog, LLC. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All rights reserved.
By using this service and related content, you agree to the use of cookies for analytics, personalised content and ads. Home News Weather Entertainment Sport Money More > Lifestyle Horoscopes Health & Fitness Food & Drink Cars Travel Dating news You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. Apple's iOS 10.2 Update: New Features Detailed in Full Know Your Mobile 08/11/2016 Michael Grothaus Last night Apple dropped a ton of software updates into developers’ laps, including new macOS, tvOS, and watchOS betas. But the biggest beta release was iOS 10.2. Though it's got a ton of bug fixes, the beta also has several new features and improvements throughout the software. Apple’s iOS 10.2 Beta build is now available to the public, so if you fancy taking a sneak peak at what Apple has in store for its iPhone and iPad then you’re free to download the software right now. If you're a member of Apple's beta program, you can grab the new software by going to Settings > General > Software Update. Apple’s always very good with updates. It likes to share its progress with its legion of fans and developers and this process, in turn, allows for more stable builds when the software finally goes live and is released commercially for everybody. iOS 10 was already a pretty sizeable update by Apple’s usual standards but iOS 10.2 looks to be even more impressive, adding in a raft of new features and attributes. Here’s everything you need to know: iOS 10.2: The Brand New TV App © Provided by Dennis Publishing Limited The biggest new feature of iOS 10.2 is the new TV app. Apple first previewed the TV app off at its October event. The app serves as a content guide for the Apple TV (the Apple TV version of the app is also found in the latest tvOS beta Apple released yesterday too). TV is aimed to help ease discovery on the Apple TV. The iPhone app works by showing you all the media in your iTunes library and also suggest shows you might like to watch based on your watch history. TV also supports the long-awaited Single Sign-On and Siri Live Tune-In, which Apple previewed for tvOS way back in June, but it just wasn’t ready to ship with iOS 10 when it came out in September. If you have an Apple TV, this is going to make iOS 10.2 one of the most important updates for you this year. iOS 10.2: SOS Emergency Calling Feature © Provided by Dennis Publishing Limited This is a very cool feature. Called SOS, it allows for the calling of emergency services when the power button is pressed five times in a row. Once that happens, your iPhone will automatically dial local emergency services. SOS allows for a tactile was to contact emergency services thanks to the physical pressing of the home button. Better yet, you don’t even need to look at the screen to dial: press the home button 5 times and the call automatically starts. SOS will be available in Australia, Belgium, Brazil, Canada, China, France, Hong Kong, India, Italy, Japan, Russia, Spain, the UK, and the US to start. iOS 10.2: Improved Music Controls © Provided by Dennis Publishing Limited Apple has tweaked the Music app to give better access to the Shuffle and Repeat buttons in iso 10.2. Previously these buttons were usually hidden from the screen unless you swiped down. The new changes give the buttons maximum visibility. iOS 10.2: New Emoji © Provided by Dennis Publishing Limited If you love emoji, you’ll love iOS 10.2. It adds dozens of new emoji including clown face, drooling face, selfie, fox face, owl, shark, butterfly, avocado, pancakes, and croissant. iOS 10.2: New Wallpapers © Provided by Dennis Publishing Limited iOS 10.2 also adds the wallpapers that were used in the iPhone 7 marketing materials. iOS 10.2: "Preserve Settings” For Camera App © Provided by Dennis Publishing Limited This is a cool feature. Now in iOS 10.2 you have the option of preserving your camera settings. This means that when you relaunch the app, the same settings you used in it–including Camera Mode, Photo Filter, and Live Photo–will be remembered and you’ll be able to start shooting right away based on how you left off. The "Preserve Settings” setting will be found in the "Photos & Camera" section in the Settings app. iOS 10.2: Videos App Widget © Provided by Dennis Publishing Limited iOS 10.2 also gains a new widget. This one is for Apple’s Videos app. When enabled, the widget will display the movies and TV shows you have stored in the Videos app. Tap one to begin playing it. © knowyourmobile.com Apple's iOS 10.2 Update: New Features Detailed in Full Go to MSN Home More in News PM prepares 'bombproof' bill to force Brexit through Parliament The Independent Police close lane of busy road in hunt for RAF gunner missing after night out Mirror Cyclist 'nearly beheaded' by barbed wire 'trap' stretched across path Evening Standard Residents who stand to lose their homes vent fury as HS2 route revealed Press Association Teenager admits £42m cyber-attack on TalkTalk which hit 160,000 customers Daily Record Mayor under fire for shocking racist slur on Michelle Obama The Washington Post Up Next Comedian Rory McGrath in court charged with stalking married woman The Telegraph More in News IVF mum marries donor after tracking him down and falling in love Mirror Tracking an elusive diary from Hitler's inner circle The New York Times £1bn Madonna becomes highest-grossing solo touring artist ever Evening Standard AdChoices AdChoices More from Know Your Mobile Microsoft Black Friday BONANZA Includes Surface & Xbox Deals Know Your Mobile Black Friday & Cyber Monday: The Best Places To Shop Online Know Your Mobile Watch The Grand Tour For Less: Amazon SLASHES Prime Membership Fee Know Your Mobile OnePlus 4 Specs LEAK Big Time! 8GB RAM, Dual-Camera, 4000mAh Battery Know Your Mobile Know Your Mobile View the full site Home News Weather Entertainment Sport Money Lifestyle Horoscopes Health & Fitness Food & Drink Cars Travel Dating © 2016 Microsoft Privacy & Cookies Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Anti-Spam Newsletter
Supported by the University of Pittsburgh School of Law Home News All Legal News US Legal News World Legal News News Archive This Day at Law Commentary All Commentary Academic Commentary Professional Commentary Student Commentary Contributing Editors Features Podcasts Documents US Executive Orders US Federal Rulemaking US Presidential Memoranda Support JURIST Why Support JURIST? Donate Honor Roll Sponsorship About FAQ Staff Sutin Prize Contact Transparency J20 Election 2000 Famous Trials Paper Chase Serious law. Primary sources. Global perspective. advertisement Ireland to appeal EU Apple ruling this week Thursday 10 November 2016 at 10:43 AM ET by Brittany Felder ©  WikiMedia (Sean Kelly MEP) [JURIST] The Irish government announced Tuesday that it would submit its appeal within the week against the European Commission's [official website] demand that Apple pay back-taxes. In a statement on Tuesday, Finance Minister Michael Noonan [official profile] said [Reuters report] that the Irish government "fundamentally disagrees with the European Commission's analysis and the decision left no choice but to take an appeal to the European Courts and this will be submitted tomorrow." Ireland and Apple both deny wrongdoing. In September, Irish lawmakers voted [JURIST report] to appeal the ruling of the European Commission that would entitle the country to almost $15 billion of unpaid taxes from Apple. Noonan said that talks between the Fine Gael party and the Independent Alliance determined that allowing the ruling to stand could hurt Ireland's ability to attract foreign investments in the future. Enda Kenny, Prime Minister of the Republic, gave an interview detailing how he is confident that the appeal will succeed because tax issues are a matter for each sovereign to decide, not the European Commission. Apple pays from almost 0-1 percent taxes on its profits in Ireland and the European Commission is claiming that the tech giant illegally funded profits through its Ireland headquarters to avoid higher tax payments. Posted in Paper Chase Latest Commentary prevnext Thinking Beyond the ICJ's Marshall Islands Judgment Mohit Gupta South Asian University Referendum in Republika Srpska Held Despite the Decision of the Constitutional Court of Bosnia and Herzegovina Fahira Brodlija University of Pittsburgh School of Law Legislative Overreach on Gun Rights Allen Rostron University of Missouri Why the Supreme Court is not a Key Issue in the Presidential Election—and Why it Should Be William G. Ross Cumberland School of Law For Native Americans, Jim Crow is Alive & Well in the West Tom Rodgers Carlyle Consulting Hiding Torture Beyond Borders: Australia and Offshore Asylum Processing Anna Talbot and Greg Barns Australian Lawyers Alliance More Commentary About Paper Chase Paper Chase is JURIST's real-time legal news service, powered by a team of 30 law student reporters and editors led by law professor Bernard Hibbitts at the University of Pittsburgh School of Law. As an educational service, Paper Chase is dedicated to presenting important legal news and materials rapidly, objectively and intelligibly in an accessible format. Contact Paper Chase >> advertisement Recent Legal News Tags UN rights group says US ignoring rights of Native Americans protesting Dakota Access Pipeline 8:11 AM ET, 15 November 2016 North Dakota files suit challenging new regulation governing discrimination in child transgender surgery 7:00 AM ET, 15 November 2016 Australia, US agree on resettlement of refugees detained on Nauru and Manus Island 2:25 PM ET, 14 November 2016 Supreme Court declines review of Kansas science education case 2:02 PM ET, 14 November 2016 UN urges DRC to adopt inclusive electoral calendar 1:43 PM ET, 14 November 2016 Israel High Court rejects bid to extend dismantling of West Bank settlement 10:53 AM ET, 14 November 2016 AppleEuropean CommissioninternationalIrelandtax advertisement About JURIST JURIST is a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization dedicated to bringing objective legal news and reasoned expert analysis to the public. E-mail inquiries, changes, news tips, URLs, corrections, etc. to JURIST@jurist.org. Legal Disclaimer JURIST cannot and does not provide legal advice. As such, nothing on this site is intended as legal advice. If you have a legal problem, please consult an attorney. We wish you the best of luck with your case, but we can't help. Questions × Your message has been sent. Thank you! © Copyright JURIST Legal News and Research Services, Inc., 2013. Home News Commentary Features Podcasts Support About © Copyright JURIST Legal News and Research Services, Inc., 2013. Legal Disclaimer Please note that JURIST cannot and does not provide legal advice. As such, nothing on this site is intended as legal advice. If you have a legal problem, please consult an attorney. We wish you the best of luck with your case, but we can't help.

U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Nov 15, 1:03 PM EST Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology AirPods Release Date: Apple Wireless Headphones May Launch Next Week, Report Says By Karen Tumbokon On 11/10/16 AT 12:39 PM Close When Apple first announced its AirPods in September the company said the wireless earbuds would be available in October. Reports then said Apple delayed its AirPods until 2017 but that may not be the case. Apple reseller Conrad says they will receive AirPods stock starting November 17, and will make them available to buy online by Nov.18-19, according to MacRumors. The German blog Apfelpage.de has translated the quote: “Hello, I have just talked with an employee of the Conrad Online Store, since I am there on 14.10 the AirPods ordered and I wanted to cancel today. According to information from the employee, they have stockpiles from 17.11, I will then have them between November 18-19.” Related Stories Android Pay Support Available For 31 Additional Banks Apple Testing SOS Feature For iPhone Conrad’s website says Apple’s AirPods will be available in about eight weeks, which means customers will be able to buy AirPods just in time for the holidays. Apple announced the wireless AirPods during its Sept. 7 iPhone 7 event, where it said the AirPods will have up to 5 hours of music playback, high-quality-sound through a “seamless and automatic connection” between devices and a battery case that can hold more than 24 hours of listening time. After the initial delay Apple stated it wanted to get the product right before releasing it to the public. “The early response to AirPods has been incredible. We don't believe in shipping a product before it's ready, and we need a little more time before AirPods are ready for our customers," an Apple spokesperson said to TechCrunch. Join the Discussion Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Business Small Business Owners Voicing Support For Trump Donald Trump's supporters drew up a blacklist of companies to boycott on Reddit, but endorsed some small-town businesses who have voiced their love for the president-elect during the campaign. Technology WhatsApp Finally Gets Video-Calling Feature With New Update WhatsApp users can finally make video calls with their family and friends thanks to the app's latest update. World What Women Should Know About Endometrial Cancer PBS anchor Gwen Ifill's death drew attention to cancers of the female reproductive organ. Here are the symptoms of endometrial or uterine cancer. National Affordable Care Act Not Working For All Americans Obamacare has seen premiums increase by some 25 percent on average. © Copyright 2016 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Drexel Hamilton's Apple Monitor Shows October Sales 'Slightly Below Historical Seasonality' Shanthi Rexaline , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} November 10, 2016 12:02pm   Comments Share: Related AAPL Negative Chinese Trade Rhetoric Comments Create Buying Opportunity In Apple Exclusive: Energous CEO Talks Dialog Semi Deal, Other Prospects Should Apple Have Bought Harman Instead Of Samsung?; Amazon Expands Home Services - Eye On Tech (Seeking Alpha) Drexel Hamilton said in a note released on Thursday that the most recent Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) Monitor showed October sales trending slightly below historical seasonality. October Softness Came After Strong September Analyst Brian White noted that the final October sales rose 6 percent month-over-month, below the average increase of about 7 percent over the past 11 years. However, White also clarified that the October showing comes close on heels of a historically strong September quarter performance for his Apple Barometer. Apple supplier Hon Hai reported Thursday a 1 percent month-over-month increase in October sales, below the average 12 percent growth for the past 11 years. This, however, came on top of a 50 percent month-over-month surge in September, the firm noted. The firm also noted that another Apple supplier, Pegatron, reported a 0.2 percent sales decline in October, while the five-year average performance shows a 1 percent increase. Gloom And Doom Around Apple Fading Despite the lukewarm October showing, the firm believes the "gloom and doom" around Apple has started to fade, as investors believe Tim Cook can "make Apple grow again" in the December quarter, with positive momentum from the iPhone 7/7 Plus cycle. For 2017, the firm estimates 9 percent iPhone unit growth, reversing the 8 percent drop in 2016. The firm also models 2018-unit growth of 9 percent. Drawing parallel to the 2013 summer, the firm said the just bygone summer would have been a bottoming process for the company's stock, as its estimates reflect that the sales and profit cycle troughed in the third quarter of 2016. Recent Weakness Presents Buying Opportunity Drexel Hamilton believes the 6 percent correction in the shares of Apple since it reported its fiscal year fourth-quarter results presents another attractive buying opportunity. Apple: Drexel's Top Pick Apple remains the firm's top pick for the second half of 2016, premised on its belief that sales, profit and iPhone cycle all bottomed, even as valuation remains depressed. The firm believes that iPhone 7 cycle will return the iPhone franchise to growth. The firm has a Buy rating on the shares of Apple and a $185 price target. At last check, Apple was down 3.04 percent at $107.51. Latest Ratings for AAPL Date Firm Action From To Oct 2016 Goldman Sachs Maintains Buy Oct 2016 Credit Suisse Maintains Outperform Oct 2016 PiperJaffray Maintains Overweight View More Analyst Ratings for AAPL View the Latest Analyst Ratings Posted-In: Analyst Color Long Ideas Price Target Reiteration Analyst Ratings Movers Tech Trading Ideas Best of Benzinga © 2016 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (AAPL) Negative Chinese Trade Rhetoric Comments Create Buying Opportunity In Apple Exclusive: Energous CEO Talks Dialog Semi Deal, Other Prospects Technical Alert: Apple Bruised The Most Popular U.S. Brands In China Trip Chowdhry's Top 4 Stock Picks NVIDIA's Blowout Quarter: 'Machine Learning Is Like A Quicksand' View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. Sign up for email alerts on AAPL Trending Recent 1 PBR, PTCT: 18 Stocks Moving In Monday's Pre-Market Session 2 DUST, NUGT: Where Is Gold Headed When Interest Rates Start Rising? 3 AMZN, EBAY: From A(mazon) To Z(ynga): Loop Capital Breaks Down... 4 NVDA: Nvidia's Big Win: Post-Earnings Sell-Side... 5 DVAX: Dynavax Shares Plunge 70% Amid Complete Res... 6 PG, FB: The Trump Market Is Killing A Couple... 7 TSLA, NVDA: Vetr Crowd Downgrades NVIDI... 1 DKS, UFAB: Earnings Scheduled For November 15, 2016 2 MCD, CC: Watch These 7 Huge Put Purchases In Tuesday Trade 3 FL, GNC: Watch These 7 Huge Call Purchases In Tuesday Trade 4 PIN, INDL: Indian Markets Open Lower; BSE Sensex Down Over... 5 GXC, FXI: China Markets Down; Yuan Drops To Near E... 6 EWJ, EPP: Japanese Stock Markets Edge Higher 7 LOCK, HAR: Wall Street's M&am... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Adam Bain's Departure Is A Loss For Twitter Big Tech Is Getting Crushed Today
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming Competitions GPS & Sat Nav Mobile Apps Mobile Phone Accessories Mobile Phones Tablets Wearables & Fitness Trending: iOS 10 Apple Watch 2 iPhone 7 Galaxy S7 vs iPhone 6S Google Pixel Galaxy S7 Home / News / Mobile Phone News / Apple AirPods could go on sale as soon as next week – report Apple AirPods could go on sale as soon as next week – report by Joe Roberts 10 November 2016 0 shares Read Comments Apple delayed the launch of its upcoming AirPods last month, telling TechCrunch it needed "a little more time" to get the wireless earbuds ready for release. Originally slated for a late-October release, the AirPods have been listed as 'currently unavailable' on the Apple site since the firm announced the delay. But it seems there could be some developments in the AirPod department, with a new report claiming the earbuds will be available by mid-November. Related: AirPods – What you need to know Specifically, German blog Apfelpage.de quotes an employee at Apple reseller Conrad as saying AirPod stock will arrive on November 17, and will go on sale on November 18-19. Here's Google Translate's attempt to make sense of the specific passage: "Hello, I have just talked with an employee of the Conrad Online Store, since I am there on 14.10 the AirPods ordered and I wanted to cancel today. "According to information from the employee, they have stockpiles from 17.11, I will then have them between 18-19. November." As MacRumours points out, Conrad's site actually says the AirPods will be available for delivery in eight weeks, so the information doesn't seem to be backed up by the website. Still, we're hoping to see the earbuds arrive soon – at least in time for Christmas. That said, a report citing supply chain sources has previously suggested the product won't be released until January 2017, so at this point, it's still very much unclear just when the AirPods will debut. Apple's latest innovation allows users to connect to the headphone jack-less iPhone 7 wirelessly, and the pods themselves come with an ultra-low-power W1 chip inside, allowing them to detect when they're in your ears and automatically play and pause. Double-tapping the AirPods enables you to access Siri, and the beam-forming microphones focus on your voice while filtering out other noise. WATCH: iPhone 7 review Let us know what you make of the latest report in the comments. 0 shares Read Comments keskyle November 10, 2016, 4:50 pm Why does the main pic have a man with an electric toothbrush head in his plughole? I hope he's not using that after. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2016, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
PhoneDog Android And Me TmoNews NEW Official Smartphone Rankings, Vote NOW! TodaysiPhone.com The source for news, reviews, and articles surrounding Apple. Navigation Home News / Articles App Reviews Accessory Reviews Podcast TiP Us Join the TiP team HOT TOPICS: iPhone 7 macOS Sierra iOS 10 watchOS 3 Apple Music You are here: Home > After Trump was elected president, Tim Cook sends out memo to all employees After Trump was elected president, Tim Cook sends out memo to all employees November 10, 2016 Peter Cao Leave a comment Following the conclusion of an extremely controversial presidential election, Apple CEO Tim Cook has sent out a memo to all employees asking for unity and for people to move forward together. In the memo, Cook does not mention the president-elect by name (via BuzzFeed). Cook also reiterates Apple’s core values. Team, I’ve heard from many of you today about the presidential election. In a political contest where the candidates were so different and each received a similar number of popular votes, it’s inevitable that the aftermath leaves many of you with strong feelings. We have a very diverse team of employees, including supporters of each of the candidates. Regardless of which candidate each of us supported as individuals, the only way to move forward is to move forward together. I recall something Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. said 50 years ago: “If you can’t fly, then run. If you can’t run, then walk. If you can’t walk, then crawl, but whatever you do you have to keep moving forward.” This advice is timeless, and a reminder that we only do great work and improve the world by moving forward. While there is discussion today about uncertainties ahead, you can be confident that Apple’s North Star hasn’t changed. Our products connect people everywhere, and they provide the tools for our customers to do great things to improve their lives and the world at large. Our company is open to all, and we celebrate the diversity of our team here in the United States and around the world — regardless of what they look like, where they come from, how they worship or who they love. I’ve always looked at Apple as one big family and I encourage you to reach out to your co-workers if they are feeling anxious. Let’s move forward — together! Best, Tim Apple’s relationship with Trump has been a pretty rough one at best. At one point, Trump called for a boycott of Apple products when the company refused to create a GovOS version of iOS for the FBI. Apple responded by saying Trump’s statement ‘puts the company in standing with other good people.’ Tags: Tim Cook About Peter Cao Peter has a passion for music and technology. He conceits himself by religiously rocking the Apple brand. You can find him on Twitter @iPeterCao. View all posts by Peter Cao → ← Apple showcases new Beats Solo3 and Pill+ color variant for World AIDS Day Apple publishes its 2016 holiday gift guide → Select a phone: (optional) + - Any - 3G|4G U301 USB Modem Acer Aspire One Netbook Acer Liquid M220 Airave 2.5 Plus Alcatel 510A Alcatel 768 Alcatel 871A GoPhone Alcatel A392G Alcatel Fling Alcatel One Touch 991 Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel OneTouch Conquest Alcatel OneTouch Elevate Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fierce Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (4.7") Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (5.5") Alcatel OneTouch Pop 7 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon Alcatel OneTouch Pop Mega Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star LTE Alcatel OneTouch Retro ALCATEL OneTouch Sonic LTE Alcatel Pop C9 Alcatel Pop D3 Alcatel Venture Amazon Fire Phone Anna Sui Mobile by Samsung Apple iPad 2 16GB Apple iPad 2 32GB Apple iPad 2 64GB Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad Mini 3 Apple iPad mini 4 Apple iPad mini with Retina Display Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad with Retina Display Apple iPhone 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 8 GB Apple iPhone 3G S 32 GB Apple iPhone 3GS Apple iPhone 4 Apple iPhone 4S Apple iPhone 5 Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6s Plus ASUS MeMO Pad 7 LTE ASUS MeMO Pad FHD 10 LTE ASUS PadFone X mini ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenWatch 2 AT&T Avail 2 AT&T F160 AT&T Impulse 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot Elevate 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot MiFi 2372 AT&T Quickfire AT&T Radiant GoPhone AT&T Unite AT&T Unite Pro AT&T USBConnect 900 AT&T USBConnect Adrenaline AT&T USBConnect Force 4G AT&T USBConnect Mercury AT&T USBConnect Momentum 4G AT&T USBConnect Shockwave AT&T USBConnect Turbo AT&T USBConnect Velocity AT&T Z222 GoPhone AT&T Z331 AT&T Z998 GoPhone Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox PC5740 EVDO PC Card Audiovox VI600 Audiovox XV6600 Betsey Johnson Mobile by Samsung Big Button Flip Alcatel A392G BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7290 BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8820 BlackBerry Bold BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9700 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Bold 9900 BlackBerry Bold 9930 BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Curve 3G BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Curve 8320 BlackBerry Curve 8330 BlackBerry Curve 8350i BlackBerry Curve 8520 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8900 BlackBerry Curve 9310 BlackBerry Curve 9315 BlackBerry Curve 9330 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9370 BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Pearl BlackBerry Pearl 3G BlackBerry Pearl 8110 BlackBerry Pearl 8120 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8230 BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Storm BlackBerry Storm2 BlackBerry Style BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9850 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Tour BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Z30 Blackphone 2 BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Life View BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0C BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio Selfie LTE Boost MAX by ZTE Boost Warp 4G by ZTE Brigadier by Kyocera Casio EXILIM Casio G'zOne Boulder CASIO G'zONE Ravine 2 (Non-Camera) Casio GzOne Brigade Casio GzOne Commando Casio GzOne Ravine Casio GzOne Ravine 2 Casio GzOne Rock CAT B15Q CAT S40 Compaq Mini 110c-1048NR Coolpad Arise Coolpad Flo Coolpad Quattro 4G Dell Inspiron 14z Laptop Dell Inspiron Mini 10 with T-Mobile webConnect Dell Inspiron Mini 1012 Dell Streak 7 Diane Von Furstenberg Mobile by Samsung DROID 2 by Motorola DROID 2 Global by Motorola DROID 3 by Motorola DROID 4 by Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G by Motorola DROID by Motorola DROID CHARGE by Samsung Droid DNA by HTC DROID ERIS by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 by HTC DROID Incredible 4G LTE by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE by HTC DROID Pro by Motorola DROID R2 D2 by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola 16GB DROID RAZR HD by Motorola DROID RAZR M by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola DROID Turbo DROID X by Motorola DROID X2 by Motorola Enact by LG Ericsson c905a Ericsson Equinox Ericsson TM506 Ericsson Vivaz Ericsson W350 Ericsson W518a Ericsson w760a Ericsson Z750a Firefly Fivespot Global Ready Franklin Wireless U680 USB Galaxy Nexus by Samsung Garmin Garminfone Garmin nuvifone G60 Gateway LT2016u Netbook Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 5 Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 9 Google Pixel C HP iPAQ Glisten HP Mini 110 Netbook HP Mini 110-1050NR HP Mini 1151NR Netbook HP Mini 210-1076NR Netbook HP Mini 311-1037NR Netbook HP Veer 4G HTC 8XT HTC Amaze HTC Aria HTC Arrive HTC Desire HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 526 HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 612 HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 626s HTC Desire 816 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire EYE HTC Droid DNA HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 4G HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO Design 4G HTC EVO Shift 4G HTC EVO View 4G HTC First HTC Freestyle HTC FUZE HTC HD 7 HTC HD2 HTC HD7S HTC Hero HTC Imagio HTC Inspire 4G HTC Jetstream HTC Merge HTC Mogul Pocket PC 6800 HTC One HTC One (E8) HTC One (M8) HTC One (M8) For Windows HTC One A9 HTC One M9 HTC One Max HTC One mini HTC One remix HTC One S HTC One SV HTC One V HTC One X HTC One X+ HTC Ozone HTC PPC6800 HTC Pure HTC Radar HTC Rezound HTC Rhyme HTC S621 Excalibur HTC S630 Cavalier HTC Sensation HTC Snap HTC Status HTC Surround HTC Thunderbolt HTC Tilt 2 HTC Titan HTC Titan II HTC Touch HTC Touch Diamond HTC Touch Pro HTC Touch Pro 2 HTC Trophy HTC Vivid HTC Wildfire S Huawei Activa 4G Huawei Ascend HUAWEI Ascend II Huawei Ascend Mate 2 Huawei Ascend Plus Huawei Ascend W1 Huawei Ascend Y Huawei EC168 Huawei Glory Huawei H210C Huawei H215G Huawei H866C Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Inspira Huawei M735 Huawei M835 Huawei Mate S Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei P8 lite Huawei Pal Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Premia 4G Huawei SnapTo Huawei Summit Huawei U8651T Prism Huawei Union Huawei Valiant Huawei Verge Huawei Vitria Huawei Watch Jolla Tablet KIN One KIN Two Kyocera 126C Kyocera 323 Kyocera Brigadier Kyocera Brio Kyocera Coast Kyocera Contact Kyocera DuraCore Kyocera DuraForce Kyocera DuraMax Kyocera DuraPlus Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraXT Kyocera DuraXV Kyocera E1000 Kyocera E1100 Neo Kyocera E2000 Kyocera Echo Kyocera Event Kyocera Hydro Kyocera Hydro Edge Kyocera Hydro Elite Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Vibe Kyocera Hydro Wave Kyocera Hydro XTRM Kyocera K132 Kyocera Kona Kyocera Loft Kyocera Milano Kyocera Presto Kyocera Rise Kyocera SE47 Slider Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torque Kyocera TorqueXT Kyocera Verve LG 221C LG 101 LG 1500 LG 220C LG 231C LG 235C LG 236C LG 320G LG 400G LG 450 LG 500G LG 505C LG 511C LG 600G LG 620G LG 800G LG 900G LG A340 LG A380 LG Access LTE LG Accolade LG Ally LG Arena LG Aspire LG AX155 LG AX300 LG AX310 LG AX565 LG AX8600 LG Banter LG Beacon LG CF360 LG Chocolate 3 LG Chocolate Touch LG Chocolate VX8550 LG Chocolate White LG Clout LG Connect 4G LG Cosmos LG Cosmos 2 LG Cosmos 3 LG Cosmos Touch LG Dare LG Decoy LG dLite LG Doubleplay LG Enact LG Encore LG Enlighten LG enV Touch LG enV VX11000 LG enV VX9900 LG enV2 LG enV3 LG Escape LG Esteem LG Exalt LG eXpo LG Extravert LG Extravert 2 LG Fathom LG G Flex LG G Flex 2 LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad F7.0 LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G Vista 2 LG G2 LG G3 LG G3 Vigor LG G4 LG Glance LG Glimmer LG Google Nexus 4 LG GS170 LG GU295 LG INCITE LG Intuition LG Invision LG L35G SIM4 LG Lancet LG Leon LTE LG Lotus LG Lotus Elite LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 3 LG Lucky LG LX150 LG LX160 LG LX290 LG LX350 LG LX370 LG LX400 LG LX550 LG Mach LG Marquee LG Migo LG Motion 4G LG Muziq LX570 LG Neon LG Neon II LG Nexus 5X LG Nitro HD LG Octane LG Optimus Black LG Optimus Dynamic LG Optimus Dynamic II LG Optimus Elite LG Optimus Exceed LG Optimus Exceed 2 LG Optimus Extreme LG Optimus F3 LG Optimus F3Q LG Optimus F6 LG Optimus F7 LG Optimus Fuel LG Optimus G LG Optimus G Pro LG Optimus L70 LG Optimus L9 LG Optimus L90 LG Optimus Logic LG Optimus M LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus Net LG Optimus One P500 LG Optimus Q LG Optimus S LG Optimus SHOWTIME LG Optimus T LG Optimus Ultimate LG Optimus Zip LG Optimus Zone LG Optimus Zone 2 LG Phoenix LG PM-225 LG Prime LG Quantum LG Realm LG Remarq LG Revere LG Revere 2 LG Revere 3 LG Revolution LG Rhythm LG Rumor LG Rumor 2 LG Rumor Reflex LG Rumor Reflex S LG Rumor Touch LG Scoop LG Sentio LG Shine CU720 LG Shine II LG Spirit 4G LG Sunrise LG Swift LG Thrill LG Transpyre LG Tribute LG Tribute 2 LG Tritan LG Ultimate 2 LG UX145 LG UX260 LG UX280 LG UX300 LG UX380 LG UX565 LG UX830 LG V10 LG Venice LG Versa LG VI-125 LG VI-5225 LG Viper LG VL600 4G USB Modem LG Volt LG Volt 2 LG Vortex LG Vu CU915 LG Vu CU920 LG Vu Plus LG VX3100 LG VX3300 LG VX3400 LG VX3450 LG VX3450L LG VX4400 LG VX4500 LG VX5200 LG VX5400 LG VX5500 LG VX7000 LG VX8000 LG VX8300 LG VX8350 LG VX8360 LG VX8600 LG VX9800 LG Watch Urbane LG Xenon LG Xpression LG Xpression 2 LG100C LG200C LG225 LG300G LG400G LG501C LG620G LG900G Lucid 3 by LG Lucid by LG Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL MiFi 2200 Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot MiFi 500 LTE by Novatel Wireless Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm Moto 360 Sport Motorola 408 Motorola A1200 Ming Motorola A630 Motorola ACTV Motorola Admiral Motorola Adventure V750 Motorola Atrix 2 Motorola Atrix 4G Motorola Atrix HD Motorola Backflip Motorola Bali Motorola Barrage Motorola Bravo Motorola Brute i680 Motorola Brute i686 Motorola Buzz ic502 Motorola C139 Motorola C168i Motorola Charm Motorola Citrus Motorola CLIQ Motorola CLIQ 2 Motorola CLIQ XT Motorola Clutch i465 Motorola Clutch i475 Motorola Debut i856 Motorola Defy Motorola Defy XT Motorola Devour Motorola Droid Bionic Motorola DROID MAXX Motorola DROID Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Mini Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Droid XYBoard 10.1 Motorola Droid XYBoard 8.2 Motorola E815 Motorola EM326g Motorola EM330 Motorola Entice Motorola Evoke Motorola EX124G Motorola EX431G Motorola Flipout Motorola Flipside Motorola Gallo i296 Motorola Hint Motorola Hint QA30 Motorola i1 Motorola i412 Motorola i530b Motorola i530y Motorola i570 Motorola i576 Motorola i605 Motorola i710 Motorola i776 Motorola i830 Motorola i880 Motorola i886 Motorola i890 Motorola Karma QA1 Motorola Krave ZN4 Motorola KRZR K1 Motorola KRZR K1m Motorola L2 Motorola L6 Motorola Luge Motorola Moto E (1st Gen) Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2014) Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Style (Pure Edition) Motorola MOTORAZR maxx Ve Motorola MOTORAZR VE20 Motorola PEBL Motorola PHOTON 4G Motorola Photon Q Motorola Q9 Global Motorola Q9c Motorola Q9m Motorola Rambler Motorola Rapture VU30 Motorola RAZR V3 Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3i/ V3t/ V3r Motorola RAZR V3m Motorola RAZR V3xx Motorola RAZR2 V9m Motorola Renegade V950 Motorola Renew Motorola Rival Motorola RIZR Z3 Motorola RIZR Z6c Motorola ROKR Motorola ROKR E8 Motorola ROKR U9 Motorola ROKR Z6 Motorola SLVR L7c Motorola Stature i9 Motorola T722i Motorola Theory Motorola Titanium Motorola Triumph Motorola Tundra Motorola V120e Motorola V171 Motorola V180 Motorola V190 Motorola V195 Motorola V220 Motorola V235 Motorola V260 Motorola V325 Motorola V360 Motorola V551 Motorola V600 Motorola V60s Motorola V710 Motorola VE465 Motorola VU204 Motorola W315 Motorola W375g Motorola W380 Motorola W385 Motorola W408g Motorola W409G Motorola W418G Motorola W490 Motorola W755 Motorola XOOM Motorola XOOM 4G LTE Motorola XPRT Motorola Z9 Motorola Zine ZN5 myTouch 4G NEC Terrain Netgear 341U USB Modem Netgear Mingle Mobile Hotspot Netgear Zing Nexbit Robin Nexus S 4G Nexus S from Google Nokia 1208 Nokia 1600 Nokia 1616 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1680 Nokia 2320 Nokia 2330 Nokia 2600 Nokia 2605 Mirage Nokia 2610 Nokia 2630 Nokia 2660 Nokia 2680 Nokia 2720 Nokia 2760 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3555 Nokia 3588i Nokia 3660 Nokia 3711 Nokia 5130 Nokia 5230 Nuron Nokia 5310 XpressMusic Nokia 5610 Nokia 6010 Nokia 6015i Nokia 6030 Nokia 6085 Nokia 6101 Nokia 6102i Nokia 6133 Nokia 6165i Nokia 6205 Nokia 6215i Nokia 6236i Nokia 6263 Nokia 6301 Nokia 6315i Nokia 6350 Nokia 6555 Nokia 6650 Nokia 6800 Nokia 7205 Intrigue Nokia 7510 Nokia 7705 Twist Nokia Astound Nokia C3 Nokia E71 Nokia E71x Nokia E73 Mode Nokia Lumia 1020 Nokia Lumia 1520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia Lumia 521 Nokia Lumia 530 Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 635 Nokia Lumia 710 Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 820 Nokia Lumia 822 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 900 Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia Lumia 925 Nokia Lumia 928 Nokia Lumia Icon Nokia Mural Nokia N1 Nokia N73 Nokia N75 Nokia N95 8GB Nokia NGage Nokia Surge Nokia Twist 7705 Nokia VI-3155 Nokia X2 Novatel EX720 ExpressCard Novatel Merlin C777 Novatel Merlin S620 Novatel MiFi 2200 Novatel MiFi 5580 Novatel Ovation U727 Novatel Ovation U760 Novatel PC770 PCmCIA Novatel S720 Novatel U760 Novatel USB1000 Global Modem Novatel V620 EVDO PC Card Novatel V640 PC/Mac USB Broadband Card Novatel V740 PC/Mac Wireless Broadband Card OnePlus 2 OnePlus One OnePlus X Option Quicksilver USB Modem Overdrive 3G 4G Mobile Hotspot Overdrive Pro 3G/4G Hotspot Palm Centro Palm M500 Palm Pixi Palm Pixi Plus Palm Pre Palm Pre 2 Palm Pre Plus Palm Pro Palm Pro Palm Treo 650 Palm Treo 700p Palm Treo 700w Palm Treo 700wx Palm Treo 755p Palm Treo 800w Palm Treo Pro Pantech Breakout Pantech Breeze Pantech Breeze II Pantech Breeze III Pantech Burst Pantech C120 Pantech C300 Pantech C3b Pantech C610 Pantech Caper Pantech Crossover Pantech Crux Pantech Ease Pantech Hotshot Pantech Impact Pantech Jest 2 Pantech Laser Pantech Link Pantech Link II Pantech Marauder Pantech Matrix Pantech Matrix Pro Pantech Perception Pantech PN-820 Pantech Pocket Pantech Pursuit Pantech Pursuit II Pantech Renue Pantech Reveal Pantech Slate Pantech Swift Pantech UML290 4G USB Modem Pantech UML295 LTE USB Modem PCD Chaser Phone Connect 3 Plum Might Z513 Que 4.5 Que 5.0 REEF RIM BlackBerry 6710 RIM BlackBerry 7100t RIM BlackBerry 7105t RIM BlackBerry 7130e RIM BlackBerry 7230 RIM BlackBerry 8700g Rugged CAT S50 S275G Samsung 4G Mobile Hotspot LC11 Samsung A107 Samsung A117 Samsung A127 Samsung A137 Samsung A167 Samsung A187 Samsung A197 Samsung A237 Samsung A580 Samsung A630 Samsung A637 Samsung A650 Samsung A670 Samsung A777 Samsung A870 Samsung A890 Samsung A930 Samsung A950 Samsung A970 Samsung A990 Samsung Access Samsung Ace i325 Samsung Admire Samsung Alias 2 Samsung Array Samsung ATIV Odyssey Samsung ATIV S Neo Samsung ATIV SE Samsung Beat Samsung Behold Samsung Behold II Samsung BlackJack i607 Samsung BlackJack II i617 Samsung Brightside Samsung Captivate Samsung Captivate Glide Samsung Comeback Samsung Conquer 4G Samsung Continuum Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Convoy Samsung Convoy 2 Samsung Convoy 3 Samsung Craft Samsung D415 Samsung D900 Samsung Dart Samsung Delve Samsung DoubleTime Samsung E105 Samsung E315 Samsung E335 Samsung E635 Samsung E715 Samsung Entro Samsung Epic Samsung Epix Samsung Eternity Samsung Eternity II Samsung Evergreen Samsung Exclaim Samsung Exhibit 4G Samsung Exhibit II 4G Samsung Factor Samsung Fascinate Samsung Flight Samsung Flight II Samsung FlipShot SCH-U900 Samsung Focus Samsung Focus 2 Samsung Focus Flash Samsung Focus S Samsung Freeform Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform M Samsung Galaxy Ace Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace Style Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Appeal Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Avant Samsung Galaxy Centura Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Samsung Galaxy Discover Samsung Galaxy Exhibit Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy J1 LTE Samsung Galaxy Light Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Samsung Galaxy Note II Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Precedent Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Reverb Samsung Galaxy Ring Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro Samsung Galaxy Rush Samsung Galaxy S 4 zoom Samsung Galaxy S 4G Samsung Galaxy S Blaze Samsung Galaxy S II Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy S III Mini Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy Stardust Samsung Galaxy Stellar Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II Samsung Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 16GB Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 32GB Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy View Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gleam U700 Samsung Glyde Samsung GO Netbook Samsung Gravity Samsung Gravity 2 Samsung Gravity 3 Samsung Gravity Q Samsung Gravity SMART Samsung Gravity T Samsung Gravity TXT Samsung Gusto Samsung Gusto 2 Samsung Gusto 3 Samsung Haven Samsung Highlight Samsung Highnote Samsung Hue II Samsung Illusion Samsung Impression Samsung Infuse 4G Samsung Instinct Samsung Instinct HD Samsung Instinct S30 Samsung Intensity Samsung Intensity II Samsung Intensity III Samsung Intercept Samsung Intrepid Samsung IP-830 Samsung IP-A790 Samsung Jack Samsung Juke U470 Samsung Katalyst T739 Samsung Knack U310 Samsung M220 Samsung M240 Samsung M300 Samsung M320 Samsung M330 Samsung M360 Samsung M370 Samsung M400 Samsung M500 Samsung M510 Samsung M520 Samsung M610 Samsung Magnet Samsung Matrix Samsung Memoir Samsung MM-A920 Samsung Moment Samsung Muse Samsung MyShot Samsung Mysto Samsung Mythic Samsung Omnia Samsung Omnia II Samsung PM-A740 Samsung Precedent Samsung Propel Samsung Propel Pro Samsung R225m Samsung R335C Samsung R375C Samsung R451C Samsung R455C Samsung R610 Samsung Rant Samsung Reality Samsung Reclaim Samsung Renown Samsung Replenish Samsung Restore Samsung Rogue Samsung Rugby Samsung Rugby 4 Samsung Rugby II Samsung Rugby Smart Samsung S275G Samsung S380C Samsung S390G Samsung S425G Samsung Saga Samsung SCH-i600 Samsung SCH-i730 Samsung SCH-U340 Samsung SCH-U540 Samsung SCH-U620 Samsung SCH-U740 Samsung Seek Samsung SGH-T199 Samsung Smiley Samsung Smooth Samsung Solstice Samsung Solstice II Samsung SP-i600 Samsung Spex r210 Samsung SPH-i700 Samsung Stratosphere Samsung Stripe T329 Samsung Strive Samsung Sunburst Samsung Sway Samsung T109 Samsung T119 Samsung T139 Samsung T159 Samsung T201G Samsung T209 Samsung T219 Samsung T229 Samsung T239 Samsung T249 Samsung t259 Samsung T309 Samsung T319 Samsung T339 Samsung T349 Samsung T369 Samsung T401G Samsung T404G Samsung T439 Samsung T509 Samsung T519 Trace Samsung T528G Samsung T609 Samsung T619 Samsung T629 Samsung T639 Samsung t659 Samsung T719 Samsung T809 Samsung T819 Samsung Trance Samsung Transform Samsung Transform Ultra Samsung Trender Samsung U430 Samsung U450 Samsung U550 Samsung Upstage M620 Samsung VI660 Samsung Vibrant Samsung X427M Samsung X495 Samsung Z400 Samsung Z700 Samsung Zeal Sanyo 7050 Sanyo 8400 Sanyo Incognito Sanyo Innuendo Sanyo Innuendo by Kyocera Sanyo Katana Sanyo Katana DLX Sanyo Katana Eclipse Sanyo Katana Eclipse X Sanyo Katana II Sanyo Katana LX Sanyo M1 Sanyo MM-8300 Sanyo PRO-200 Sanyo PRO-700 Sanyo S1 Sanyo SCP-2400 Sanyo SCP-2700 Sanyo SCP-3100 Sanyo SCP-3200 Sanyo SCP-3810 Sanyo Taho by Kyocera Sanyo Vero by Kyocera Sanyo Zio Saygus V2 Sharp Aquos Crystal Sharp FX Sharp FX PLUS Siemens CF62T Sierra 598 USB Modem Sierra USB Lightning 305 Sierra Wireless 4G LTE Tri-Fi Hotspot Sierra Wireless AC595 PCMCIA Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595U USB PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597 ExpressCard PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AirCard 402 Sierra Wireless Compass 597 USB Modem SKY 4.0 Sky 5.0L Sonim XP STRIKE Sonim XP6 Sony C1904 Xperia M Sony Ericsson Equinox Sony Ericsson GC79 Cellular and WiFi PC Card Sony Ericsson GC89 PCMCIA PC Cell WiFi Card Sony Ericsson J220a Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson T290a Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson TM506 Sony Ericsson W580i Sony Ericsson W810i Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Sony Ericsson Z300 Sony Ericsson Z310a Sony Ericsson Z750a Sony Ericsson Z780 Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia M Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia PLAY 4G Sony Xperia T3 LTE Sony Xperia X10 Sony Xperia Z Sony Xperia Z1S Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Spectrum 2 by LG Spectrum by LG Sprint 3G 4G U600 USB Modem Sprint 3G/4G Plug-in Connect USB Sprint 3G|4G USB 250U Sprint Flash Sprint Force Sprint LivePro Sprint Phone Connect 2 Sprint Plug-in-Connect Trimode Sprint Pocket WiFi Sprint PPC 6700 Sprint Vital Sprint WeGo T-Mobile 4G LTE HotSpot Z915 T-Mobile 4G Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile 665 T-Mobile 768 T-Mobile Comet T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord II T-Mobile Dash T-Mobile Dash 3G T-Mobile G-Slate with Google T-Mobile G1 T-Mobile G2 T-Mobile G2x T-Mobile Jet 2.0 4G Stick T-Mobile MDA T-Mobile myTouch T-Mobile myTouch 3G T-Mobile myTouch 3G Slide T-Mobile myTouch 4G T-Mobile myTouch 4G Slide T-Mobile myTouch by LG T-Mobile myTouch Q T-Mobile myTouch Q by LG T-Mobile Prism T-Mobile Prism II T-Mobile Rocket 3.0 4G Laptop T-Mobile SDA T-Mobile Shadow T-Mobile Sidekick T-Mobile Sidekick 3 T-Mobile Sidekick 4G T-Mobile Sidekick iD T-Mobile Sidekick II T-Mobile Sidekick LX T-Mobile Sidekick Slide T-Mobile Sonic 4G T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Sparq II T-Mobile Tap T-Mobile webConnect Jet USB T-Mobile webConnect USB T-Mobile Wing Turing Phone UNIMAX MAXBravo Unimax MXE-675 UT Starcom PC-5740 UTStarcom Blitz UTStarcom CDM-8945 UTStarcom CDM-8975 UTStarcom Coupe UTStarcom PC5750 PCMCIA PC Broadband Card UTStarcom SMT5800 UTStarcom UM150 USB Modem UTStarcom UM175 USB UTStarcom XV6800 Pocket PC Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice Verizon 4G LTE MiFi 4510L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem UML295 Verizon AD3700 Global USB Verizon Adamant Verizon Blitz Verizon CDM8950 Verizon CDM8975 Verizon Ellipsis 8 Verizon Ellipsis Jetpack MHS800L Verizon Escapade Verizon GzOne Boulder Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 4620L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 5510L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi MHS291L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot 890L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot Verizon Jetpack MiFi 6620L Verizon Razzle Verizon SMT5800 Verizon UM175 USB Data Modem Verizon UMW190 Global USB Verizon USB760 Modem Verizon VX6900 Verizon Wireless Fivespot Global Ready 3G Mobile Hotspot Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect Verizon Wireless Salute Verizon Wireless Turbine 7.0 Verizon Wireless USB551L Virgin Mobile Awe webConnect Rocket HSPA+ Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Xperia ion by Sony YotaPhone 2 ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Aspect ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Axon Pro ZTE Boost Max+ ZTE Compel ZTE Concord II ZTE Force ZTE Fury ZTE Grand S3 ZTE Grand X Max+ ZTE Illustra ZTE Majesty ZTE Maven ZTE Merit ZTE Midnight ZTE Nubia 5S Mini ZTE Optik ZTE Overture 2 ZTE Prestige ZTE Quartz ZTE Rapido LTE ZTE Savvy ZTE Score M ZTE Solar ZTE Speed ZTE Supreme ZTE Unico LTE ZTE Valet ZTE Vital ZTE Warp ZTE Warp Elite ZTE Warp Sequent ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Whirl ZTE Z432 ZTE Z667 ZTE Zephyr ZTE Zinger ZTE ZMAX ZTE ZMAX 2 AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T Mobile Share 10GB AT&T Mobile Share 15GB AT&T Mobile Share 1GB AT&T Mobile Share 20GB AT&T Mobile Share 2GB AT&T Mobile Share 300MB AT&T Mobile Share 40GB AT&T Mobile Share 4GB AT&T Mobile Share 50GB AT&T Mobile Share 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB Boost Mobile BlackBerry Monthly Unlimited Boost Mobile Data Boost Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Plan with Shrinking Payments Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Select Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited with Growing Data CREDO Mobile 10GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 15GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 1GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 2GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 3GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 4GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 6GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 8GB Shared Data Plan FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 500MB GIV Mobile The 20 Plan GIV Mobile The 25 Plan GIV Mobile The 30 Plan GIV Mobile The 40 Plan GIV Mobile The 60 Plan MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Family (2+ Lines) Republic Refund Plan with 0.5 GB Republic Refund Plan with 1 GB Republic Refund Plan with 2 GB Republic Refund Plan with 3 GB Republic Refund Plan with 4 GB Republic Refund Plan with 5 GB Republic Wireless $10 Plan Republic Wireless $25 Plan Republic Wireless $40 Plan Republic Wireless $5 Plan (WiFi Only) Republic Wireless Base Plan ROK Mobile Ultimate Unlimited Scratch Wireless Free Plan Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $1.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $14.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $6.99 Voice Pass Solavei Prepaid Unlimited Sprint $60 Unlimited Plan Sprint All-In Wireless Smartphone + Unlimited Sprint Family Share Pack 10GB Sprint Family Share Pack 12GB Sprint Family Share Pack 16GB Sprint Family Share Pack 1GB Sprint Family Share Pack 20GB Sprint Family Share Pack 2GB Sprint Family Share Pack 32GB Sprint Family Share Pack 40GB Sprint Family Share Pack 4GB Sprint Family Share Pack 60GB Sprint Family Share Pack 8GB Sprint Prepaid $60 Unlimited Talk, Text & Data Sprint Prepaid Unlimited Voice and Texting Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Sprint Unlimited My All-In Sprint Unlimited My Way Sprint Unlimited My Way Family Straight Talk All You Need Straight Talk Unlimited T-Mobile Simple Choice T-Mobile Simple Choice Family (Includes 2+ Lines) T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan T-Mobile Simply Prepaid T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text TextNow Wireless Grande Plan TextNow Wireless Quattro Plan TextNow Wireless Tall Plan TextNow Wireless Venti Plan The Verizon Plan - 100GB The Verizon Plan - 20GB The Verizon Plan - 25GB The Verizon Plan - 30GB The Verizon Plan - 40GB The Verizon Plan - 50GB The Verizon Plan - 60GB The Verizon Plan - 80GB The Verizon Plan - L The Verizon Plan - M The Verizon Plan - S The Verizon Plan - XL The Verizon Plan - XXL Ting L Plan Ting M Plan Ting S Plan Ting XL Plan TracFone 120 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 200 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 450 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan US Mobile 100 Mins Talk US Mobile 1000 Mins Talk US Mobile 2000 Mins Talk US Mobile 250 Mins Talk US Mobile 500 Mins Talk Verizon 100GB More Everything Verizon 10GB More Everything Verizon 14GB More Everything Verizon 15GB More Everything Verizon 16GB More Everything Verizon 20GB More Everything Verizon 2GB More Everything Verizon 30GB More Everything Verizon 40GB More Everything Verizon 4GB More Everything Verizon 500MB More Everything Verizon 50GB More Everything Verizon 60GB More Everything Verizon 80GB More Everything Verizon 8GB More Everything Verizon Prepaid Smartphone Plan Verizon Wireless Smartphone Single Line Plan Virgin Mobile payLo 1500 Talk & Text Virgin Mobile payLo 400 Minutes Virgin Mobile payLo Unlimited Talk & Text Virgin Mobile Unlimited + International + Extra Virgin Mobile Unlimited + More Data Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything + International Number of Lines - Any - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Minutes Unlimited Messages: 500 Data Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below. - Any -05KB50MB30MB100MB150MB200MB250MB300MB400MB500MB600MB700MB800MB900MB1GB1.5GB2GB2.5GB3GB4GB5GB6GB7GB8GB10GB12GB14GB15GB16GB18GB20GB25GB30GB32GB35GB40GB50GB60GB80GB100GB120GBUnlimited - Plans Home Phone Savings Pay Less on Home Phone Service popular topics Apple releases iOS 10.0.3 to the iPhone 7, fixes cellular connectivity issues3 iPhone 8 to feature all glass back, new 5-inch model2 New MacBook Pros have 16GB of RAM max due to battery life concerns1 Over 50 new emojis just approved by Unicode 10, should be on iOS soon1 In a new interview, Phil Schiller discusses the new MacBook Pro1 iPhone 7 to be available in 4 additional countries on November 41 Apple Watch Nike+ launch details, bands will not be sold separately1 Opinion: The lack of Apple software quality on iOS1 Live blog: Apple's 'hello again' October 27 event1 PhoneDog Samsung previews Black Friday deals on phones, tablets, microSD cards, and more Apple said to be considering Google Glass-like smart glasses PlayStation 4 Pro Unboxing, Setup and First Impressions Blue Coral Galaxy S7 edge may launch at T-Mobile on November 18 iOS 10.2 beta 3 update now available from Apple Samsung Rewards launching this week, will offer prizes for Samsung Pay users LG V20 launch sales double that of V10 in the US Android And Me OnePlus 3T Leaked Ahead of Official Amazon Prime membership in the UK cut LG has sold over 200,000 V20 units in Top 5 most popular Android apps from Samsung Rewards will earn Samsung Pay Samsung acquires Harman to expand into Google Play Music update adds machine TmoNews Samsung Gear S3 Frontier launches at T-Mobile to launch Blue Coral Galaxy T-Mobile launches @Work All-In Bundle T-Mobile’s Blue Coral Galaxy S7 edge AT&T borrows T-Mobile Binge On to launch Next T-Mobile Tuesday will offer UE Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 launches PhoneDog is one of the largest and most popular interactive mobile news and reviews resource that attracts a community of more than 2.5 million unique visitors each month. The site may have a "cute" name, but it offers up serious editorial content and video reviews that users rely on to make important decisions about their next mobile purchases. PhoneDog Media Family PhoneDog - Cell phone news Android And Me - Google & Android TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog TodaysiPhone - iPhone News & Rumors Company About us In the press Advertising info Jobs & careers Terms of Use Privacy policy Popular iPad iTunes App Reviews Accessory Reviews Research & Shop Buying guide Phone finder Compare plans Phone specials Long distance © 2001-2016 PhoneDog, LLC. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All rights reserved.
PhoneDog Android And Me TmoNews NEW Official Smartphone Rankings, Vote NOW! TodaysiPhone.com The source for news, reviews, and articles surrounding Apple. Navigation Home News / Articles App Reviews Accessory Reviews Podcast TiP Us Join the TiP team HOT TOPICS: iPhone 7 macOS Sierra iOS 10 watchOS 3 Apple Music You are here: Home > Apple publishes its 2016 holiday gift guide Apple publishes its 2016 holiday gift guide November 10, 2016 Peter Cao Leave a comment Around this time every year, Apple shares its holiday gift guide on its website. This year, the company is recommending gifts such as the 12-inch MacBook, iPhone, Apple Watch, iPad Pro, fourth-generation Apple TV, gift cards, and more. Unlike in previous years, this year’s guide is a bit more complex. In 2015, Apple split its gift recommendations into six categories: photography, gaming, music, fitness, learning, and travel. Regardless, this year’s list gives us a basic overview of some of Apple’s most popular products and accessories for those looking to purchase gifts this holiday season. Let’s not forget that Apple is offering free shipping in several countries. United States: Free two-day shipping on in-stock items ordered by 5:00 p.m. local time each day, and free next-day shipping on any in-stock iPhone. United Kingdom: Free next-day delivery on in-stock orders over £40 placed by 19:00 local time each day. Free standard delivery for everything else.  Australia: Free next-business-day delivery to most metro areas on in-stock items over $250 ordered by 2 p.m. local time. Free standard delivery for everything else. Canada: Free standard shipping on everything. Western Europe: In countries such as France, Germany, Spain, and the Netherlands, Apple offers free next-day delivery on in-stock orders over €40 placed between 15:00 and 17:00 local time each day. Free standard shipping is generally available otherwise. Free shipping on everything is also available in Italy. Tags: Apple gift guide About Peter Cao Peter has a passion for music and technology. He conceits himself by religiously rocking the Apple brand. You can find him on Twitter @iPeterCao. View all posts by Peter Cao → ← After Trump was elected president, Tim Cook sends out memo to all employees AirPods could possibly be launching soon → Select a phone: (optional) + - Any - 3G|4G U301 USB Modem Acer Aspire One Netbook Acer Liquid M220 Airave 2.5 Plus Alcatel 510A Alcatel 768 Alcatel 871A GoPhone Alcatel A392G Alcatel Fling Alcatel One Touch 991 Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel OneTouch Conquest Alcatel OneTouch Elevate Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fierce Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (4.7") Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (5.5") Alcatel OneTouch Pop 7 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon Alcatel OneTouch Pop Mega Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star LTE Alcatel OneTouch Retro ALCATEL OneTouch Sonic LTE Alcatel Pop C9 Alcatel Pop D3 Alcatel Venture Amazon Fire Phone Anna Sui Mobile by Samsung Apple iPad 2 16GB Apple iPad 2 32GB Apple iPad 2 64GB Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad Mini 3 Apple iPad mini 4 Apple iPad mini with Retina Display Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad with Retina Display Apple iPhone 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 8 GB Apple iPhone 3G S 32 GB Apple iPhone 3GS Apple iPhone 4 Apple iPhone 4S Apple iPhone 5 Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6s Plus ASUS MeMO Pad 7 LTE ASUS MeMO Pad FHD 10 LTE ASUS PadFone X mini ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenWatch 2 AT&T Avail 2 AT&T F160 AT&T Impulse 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot Elevate 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot MiFi 2372 AT&T Quickfire AT&T Radiant GoPhone AT&T Unite AT&T Unite Pro AT&T USBConnect 900 AT&T USBConnect Adrenaline AT&T USBConnect Force 4G AT&T USBConnect Mercury AT&T USBConnect Momentum 4G AT&T USBConnect Shockwave AT&T USBConnect Turbo AT&T USBConnect Velocity AT&T Z222 GoPhone AT&T Z331 AT&T Z998 GoPhone Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox PC5740 EVDO PC Card Audiovox VI600 Audiovox XV6600 Betsey Johnson Mobile by Samsung Big Button Flip Alcatel A392G BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7290 BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8820 BlackBerry Bold BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9700 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Bold 9900 BlackBerry Bold 9930 BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Curve 3G BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Curve 8320 BlackBerry Curve 8330 BlackBerry Curve 8350i BlackBerry Curve 8520 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8900 BlackBerry Curve 9310 BlackBerry Curve 9315 BlackBerry Curve 9330 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9370 BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Pearl BlackBerry Pearl 3G BlackBerry Pearl 8110 BlackBerry Pearl 8120 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8230 BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Storm BlackBerry Storm2 BlackBerry Style BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9850 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Tour BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Z30 Blackphone 2 BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Life View BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0C BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio Selfie LTE Boost MAX by ZTE Boost Warp 4G by ZTE Brigadier by Kyocera Casio EXILIM Casio G'zOne Boulder CASIO G'zONE Ravine 2 (Non-Camera) Casio GzOne Brigade Casio GzOne Commando Casio GzOne Ravine Casio GzOne Ravine 2 Casio GzOne Rock CAT B15Q CAT S40 Compaq Mini 110c-1048NR Coolpad Arise Coolpad Flo Coolpad Quattro 4G Dell Inspiron 14z Laptop Dell Inspiron Mini 10 with T-Mobile webConnect Dell Inspiron Mini 1012 Dell Streak 7 Diane Von Furstenberg Mobile by Samsung DROID 2 by Motorola DROID 2 Global by Motorola DROID 3 by Motorola DROID 4 by Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G by Motorola DROID by Motorola DROID CHARGE by Samsung Droid DNA by HTC DROID ERIS by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 by HTC DROID Incredible 4G LTE by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE by HTC DROID Pro by Motorola DROID R2 D2 by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola 16GB DROID RAZR HD by Motorola DROID RAZR M by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola DROID Turbo DROID X by Motorola DROID X2 by Motorola Enact by LG Ericsson c905a Ericsson Equinox Ericsson TM506 Ericsson Vivaz Ericsson W350 Ericsson W518a Ericsson w760a Ericsson Z750a Firefly Fivespot Global Ready Franklin Wireless U680 USB Galaxy Nexus by Samsung Garmin Garminfone Garmin nuvifone G60 Gateway LT2016u Netbook Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 5 Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 9 Google Pixel C HP iPAQ Glisten HP Mini 110 Netbook HP Mini 110-1050NR HP Mini 1151NR Netbook HP Mini 210-1076NR Netbook HP Mini 311-1037NR Netbook HP Veer 4G HTC 8XT HTC Amaze HTC Aria HTC Arrive HTC Desire HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 526 HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 612 HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 626s HTC Desire 816 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire EYE HTC Droid DNA HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 4G HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO Design 4G HTC EVO Shift 4G HTC EVO View 4G HTC First HTC Freestyle HTC FUZE HTC HD 7 HTC HD2 HTC HD7S HTC Hero HTC Imagio HTC Inspire 4G HTC Jetstream HTC Merge HTC Mogul Pocket PC 6800 HTC One HTC One (E8) HTC One (M8) HTC One (M8) For Windows HTC One A9 HTC One M9 HTC One Max HTC One mini HTC One remix HTC One S HTC One SV HTC One V HTC One X HTC One X+ HTC Ozone HTC PPC6800 HTC Pure HTC Radar HTC Rezound HTC Rhyme HTC S621 Excalibur HTC S630 Cavalier HTC Sensation HTC Snap HTC Status HTC Surround HTC Thunderbolt HTC Tilt 2 HTC Titan HTC Titan II HTC Touch HTC Touch Diamond HTC Touch Pro HTC Touch Pro 2 HTC Trophy HTC Vivid HTC Wildfire S Huawei Activa 4G Huawei Ascend HUAWEI Ascend II Huawei Ascend Mate 2 Huawei Ascend Plus Huawei Ascend W1 Huawei Ascend Y Huawei EC168 Huawei Glory Huawei H210C Huawei H215G Huawei H866C Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Inspira Huawei M735 Huawei M835 Huawei Mate S Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei P8 lite Huawei Pal Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Premia 4G Huawei SnapTo Huawei Summit Huawei U8651T Prism Huawei Union Huawei Valiant Huawei Verge Huawei Vitria Huawei Watch Jolla Tablet KIN One KIN Two Kyocera 126C Kyocera 323 Kyocera Brigadier Kyocera Brio Kyocera Coast Kyocera Contact Kyocera DuraCore Kyocera DuraForce Kyocera DuraMax Kyocera DuraPlus Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraXT Kyocera DuraXV Kyocera E1000 Kyocera E1100 Neo Kyocera E2000 Kyocera Echo Kyocera Event Kyocera Hydro Kyocera Hydro Edge Kyocera Hydro Elite Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Vibe Kyocera Hydro Wave Kyocera Hydro XTRM Kyocera K132 Kyocera Kona Kyocera Loft Kyocera Milano Kyocera Presto Kyocera Rise Kyocera SE47 Slider Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torque Kyocera TorqueXT Kyocera Verve LG 221C LG 101 LG 1500 LG 220C LG 231C LG 235C LG 236C LG 320G LG 400G LG 450 LG 500G LG 505C LG 511C LG 600G LG 620G LG 800G LG 900G LG A340 LG A380 LG Access LTE LG Accolade LG Ally LG Arena LG Aspire LG AX155 LG AX300 LG AX310 LG AX565 LG AX8600 LG Banter LG Beacon LG CF360 LG Chocolate 3 LG Chocolate Touch LG Chocolate VX8550 LG Chocolate White LG Clout LG Connect 4G LG Cosmos LG Cosmos 2 LG Cosmos 3 LG Cosmos Touch LG Dare LG Decoy LG dLite LG Doubleplay LG Enact LG Encore LG Enlighten LG enV Touch LG enV VX11000 LG enV VX9900 LG enV2 LG enV3 LG Escape LG Esteem LG Exalt LG eXpo LG Extravert LG Extravert 2 LG Fathom LG G Flex LG G Flex 2 LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad F7.0 LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G Vista 2 LG G2 LG G3 LG G3 Vigor LG G4 LG Glance LG Glimmer LG Google Nexus 4 LG GS170 LG GU295 LG INCITE LG Intuition LG Invision LG L35G SIM4 LG Lancet LG Leon LTE LG Lotus LG Lotus Elite LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 3 LG Lucky LG LX150 LG LX160 LG LX290 LG LX350 LG LX370 LG LX400 LG LX550 LG Mach LG Marquee LG Migo LG Motion 4G LG Muziq LX570 LG Neon LG Neon II LG Nexus 5X LG Nitro HD LG Octane LG Optimus Black LG Optimus Dynamic LG Optimus Dynamic II LG Optimus Elite LG Optimus Exceed LG Optimus Exceed 2 LG Optimus Extreme LG Optimus F3 LG Optimus F3Q LG Optimus F6 LG Optimus F7 LG Optimus Fuel LG Optimus G LG Optimus G Pro LG Optimus L70 LG Optimus L9 LG Optimus L90 LG Optimus Logic LG Optimus M LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus Net LG Optimus One P500 LG Optimus Q LG Optimus S LG Optimus SHOWTIME LG Optimus T LG Optimus Ultimate LG Optimus Zip LG Optimus Zone LG Optimus Zone 2 LG Phoenix LG PM-225 LG Prime LG Quantum LG Realm LG Remarq LG Revere LG Revere 2 LG Revere 3 LG Revolution LG Rhythm LG Rumor LG Rumor 2 LG Rumor Reflex LG Rumor Reflex S LG Rumor Touch LG Scoop LG Sentio LG Shine CU720 LG Shine II LG Spirit 4G LG Sunrise LG Swift LG Thrill LG Transpyre LG Tribute LG Tribute 2 LG Tritan LG Ultimate 2 LG UX145 LG UX260 LG UX280 LG UX300 LG UX380 LG UX565 LG UX830 LG V10 LG Venice LG Versa LG VI-125 LG VI-5225 LG Viper LG VL600 4G USB Modem LG Volt LG Volt 2 LG Vortex LG Vu CU915 LG Vu CU920 LG Vu Plus LG VX3100 LG VX3300 LG VX3400 LG VX3450 LG VX3450L LG VX4400 LG VX4500 LG VX5200 LG VX5400 LG VX5500 LG VX7000 LG VX8000 LG VX8300 LG VX8350 LG VX8360 LG VX8600 LG VX9800 LG Watch Urbane LG Xenon LG Xpression LG Xpression 2 LG100C LG200C LG225 LG300G LG400G LG501C LG620G LG900G Lucid 3 by LG Lucid by LG Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL MiFi 2200 Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot MiFi 500 LTE by Novatel Wireless Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm Moto 360 Sport Motorola 408 Motorola A1200 Ming Motorola A630 Motorola ACTV Motorola Admiral Motorola Adventure V750 Motorola Atrix 2 Motorola Atrix 4G Motorola Atrix HD Motorola Backflip Motorola Bali Motorola Barrage Motorola Bravo Motorola Brute i680 Motorola Brute i686 Motorola Buzz ic502 Motorola C139 Motorola C168i Motorola Charm Motorola Citrus Motorola CLIQ Motorola CLIQ 2 Motorola CLIQ XT Motorola Clutch i465 Motorola Clutch i475 Motorola Debut i856 Motorola Defy Motorola Defy XT Motorola Devour Motorola Droid Bionic Motorola DROID MAXX Motorola DROID Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Mini Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Droid XYBoard 10.1 Motorola Droid XYBoard 8.2 Motorola E815 Motorola EM326g Motorola EM330 Motorola Entice Motorola Evoke Motorola EX124G Motorola EX431G Motorola Flipout Motorola Flipside Motorola Gallo i296 Motorola Hint Motorola Hint QA30 Motorola i1 Motorola i412 Motorola i530b Motorola i530y Motorola i570 Motorola i576 Motorola i605 Motorola i710 Motorola i776 Motorola i830 Motorola i880 Motorola i886 Motorola i890 Motorola Karma QA1 Motorola Krave ZN4 Motorola KRZR K1 Motorola KRZR K1m Motorola L2 Motorola L6 Motorola Luge Motorola Moto E (1st Gen) Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2014) Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Style (Pure Edition) Motorola MOTORAZR maxx Ve Motorola MOTORAZR VE20 Motorola PEBL Motorola PHOTON 4G Motorola Photon Q Motorola Q9 Global Motorola Q9c Motorola Q9m Motorola Rambler Motorola Rapture VU30 Motorola RAZR V3 Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3i/ V3t/ V3r Motorola RAZR V3m Motorola RAZR V3xx Motorola RAZR2 V9m Motorola Renegade V950 Motorola Renew Motorola Rival Motorola RIZR Z3 Motorola RIZR Z6c Motorola ROKR Motorola ROKR E8 Motorola ROKR U9 Motorola ROKR Z6 Motorola SLVR L7c Motorola Stature i9 Motorola T722i Motorola Theory Motorola Titanium Motorola Triumph Motorola Tundra Motorola V120e Motorola V171 Motorola V180 Motorola V190 Motorola V195 Motorola V220 Motorola V235 Motorola V260 Motorola V325 Motorola V360 Motorola V551 Motorola V600 Motorola V60s Motorola V710 Motorola VE465 Motorola VU204 Motorola W315 Motorola W375g Motorola W380 Motorola W385 Motorola W408g Motorola W409G Motorola W418G Motorola W490 Motorola W755 Motorola XOOM Motorola XOOM 4G LTE Motorola XPRT Motorola Z9 Motorola Zine ZN5 myTouch 4G NEC Terrain Netgear 341U USB Modem Netgear Mingle Mobile Hotspot Netgear Zing Nexbit Robin Nexus S 4G Nexus S from Google Nokia 1208 Nokia 1600 Nokia 1616 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1680 Nokia 2320 Nokia 2330 Nokia 2600 Nokia 2605 Mirage Nokia 2610 Nokia 2630 Nokia 2660 Nokia 2680 Nokia 2720 Nokia 2760 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3555 Nokia 3588i Nokia 3660 Nokia 3711 Nokia 5130 Nokia 5230 Nuron Nokia 5310 XpressMusic Nokia 5610 Nokia 6010 Nokia 6015i Nokia 6030 Nokia 6085 Nokia 6101 Nokia 6102i Nokia 6133 Nokia 6165i Nokia 6205 Nokia 6215i Nokia 6236i Nokia 6263 Nokia 6301 Nokia 6315i Nokia 6350 Nokia 6555 Nokia 6650 Nokia 6800 Nokia 7205 Intrigue Nokia 7510 Nokia 7705 Twist Nokia Astound Nokia C3 Nokia E71 Nokia E71x Nokia E73 Mode Nokia Lumia 1020 Nokia Lumia 1520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia Lumia 521 Nokia Lumia 530 Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 635 Nokia Lumia 710 Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 820 Nokia Lumia 822 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 900 Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia Lumia 925 Nokia Lumia 928 Nokia Lumia Icon Nokia Mural Nokia N1 Nokia N73 Nokia N75 Nokia N95 8GB Nokia NGage Nokia Surge Nokia Twist 7705 Nokia VI-3155 Nokia X2 Novatel EX720 ExpressCard Novatel Merlin C777 Novatel Merlin S620 Novatel MiFi 2200 Novatel MiFi 5580 Novatel Ovation U727 Novatel Ovation U760 Novatel PC770 PCmCIA Novatel S720 Novatel U760 Novatel USB1000 Global Modem Novatel V620 EVDO PC Card Novatel V640 PC/Mac USB Broadband Card Novatel V740 PC/Mac Wireless Broadband Card OnePlus 2 OnePlus One OnePlus X Option Quicksilver USB Modem Overdrive 3G 4G Mobile Hotspot Overdrive Pro 3G/4G Hotspot Palm Centro Palm M500 Palm Pixi Palm Pixi Plus Palm Pre Palm Pre 2 Palm Pre Plus Palm Pro Palm Pro Palm Treo 650 Palm Treo 700p Palm Treo 700w Palm Treo 700wx Palm Treo 755p Palm Treo 800w Palm Treo Pro Pantech Breakout Pantech Breeze Pantech Breeze II Pantech Breeze III Pantech Burst Pantech C120 Pantech C300 Pantech C3b Pantech C610 Pantech Caper Pantech Crossover Pantech Crux Pantech Ease Pantech Hotshot Pantech Impact Pantech Jest 2 Pantech Laser Pantech Link Pantech Link II Pantech Marauder Pantech Matrix Pantech Matrix Pro Pantech Perception Pantech PN-820 Pantech Pocket Pantech Pursuit Pantech Pursuit II Pantech Renue Pantech Reveal Pantech Slate Pantech Swift Pantech UML290 4G USB Modem Pantech UML295 LTE USB Modem PCD Chaser Phone Connect 3 Plum Might Z513 Que 4.5 Que 5.0 REEF RIM BlackBerry 6710 RIM BlackBerry 7100t RIM BlackBerry 7105t RIM BlackBerry 7130e RIM BlackBerry 7230 RIM BlackBerry 8700g Rugged CAT S50 S275G Samsung 4G Mobile Hotspot LC11 Samsung A107 Samsung A117 Samsung A127 Samsung A137 Samsung A167 Samsung A187 Samsung A197 Samsung A237 Samsung A580 Samsung A630 Samsung A637 Samsung A650 Samsung A670 Samsung A777 Samsung A870 Samsung A890 Samsung A930 Samsung A950 Samsung A970 Samsung A990 Samsung Access Samsung Ace i325 Samsung Admire Samsung Alias 2 Samsung Array Samsung ATIV Odyssey Samsung ATIV S Neo Samsung ATIV SE Samsung Beat Samsung Behold Samsung Behold II Samsung BlackJack i607 Samsung BlackJack II i617 Samsung Brightside Samsung Captivate Samsung Captivate Glide Samsung Comeback Samsung Conquer 4G Samsung Continuum Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Convoy Samsung Convoy 2 Samsung Convoy 3 Samsung Craft Samsung D415 Samsung D900 Samsung Dart Samsung Delve Samsung DoubleTime Samsung E105 Samsung E315 Samsung E335 Samsung E635 Samsung E715 Samsung Entro Samsung Epic Samsung Epix Samsung Eternity Samsung Eternity II Samsung Evergreen Samsung Exclaim Samsung Exhibit 4G Samsung Exhibit II 4G Samsung Factor Samsung Fascinate Samsung Flight Samsung Flight II Samsung FlipShot SCH-U900 Samsung Focus Samsung Focus 2 Samsung Focus Flash Samsung Focus S Samsung Freeform Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform M Samsung Galaxy Ace Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace Style Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Appeal Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Avant Samsung Galaxy Centura Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Samsung Galaxy Discover Samsung Galaxy Exhibit Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy J1 LTE Samsung Galaxy Light Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Samsung Galaxy Note II Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Precedent Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Reverb Samsung Galaxy Ring Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro Samsung Galaxy Rush Samsung Galaxy S 4 zoom Samsung Galaxy S 4G Samsung Galaxy S Blaze Samsung Galaxy S II Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy S III Mini Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy Stardust Samsung Galaxy Stellar Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II Samsung Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 16GB Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 32GB Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy View Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gleam U700 Samsung Glyde Samsung GO Netbook Samsung Gravity Samsung Gravity 2 Samsung Gravity 3 Samsung Gravity Q Samsung Gravity SMART Samsung Gravity T Samsung Gravity TXT Samsung Gusto Samsung Gusto 2 Samsung Gusto 3 Samsung Haven Samsung Highlight Samsung Highnote Samsung Hue II Samsung Illusion Samsung Impression Samsung Infuse 4G Samsung Instinct Samsung Instinct HD Samsung Instinct S30 Samsung Intensity Samsung Intensity II Samsung Intensity III Samsung Intercept Samsung Intrepid Samsung IP-830 Samsung IP-A790 Samsung Jack Samsung Juke U470 Samsung Katalyst T739 Samsung Knack U310 Samsung M220 Samsung M240 Samsung M300 Samsung M320 Samsung M330 Samsung M360 Samsung M370 Samsung M400 Samsung M500 Samsung M510 Samsung M520 Samsung M610 Samsung Magnet Samsung Matrix Samsung Memoir Samsung MM-A920 Samsung Moment Samsung Muse Samsung MyShot Samsung Mysto Samsung Mythic Samsung Omnia Samsung Omnia II Samsung PM-A740 Samsung Precedent Samsung Propel Samsung Propel Pro Samsung R225m Samsung R335C Samsung R375C Samsung R451C Samsung R455C Samsung R610 Samsung Rant Samsung Reality Samsung Reclaim Samsung Renown Samsung Replenish Samsung Restore Samsung Rogue Samsung Rugby Samsung Rugby 4 Samsung Rugby II Samsung Rugby Smart Samsung S275G Samsung S380C Samsung S390G Samsung S425G Samsung Saga Samsung SCH-i600 Samsung SCH-i730 Samsung SCH-U340 Samsung SCH-U540 Samsung SCH-U620 Samsung SCH-U740 Samsung Seek Samsung SGH-T199 Samsung Smiley Samsung Smooth Samsung Solstice Samsung Solstice II Samsung SP-i600 Samsung Spex r210 Samsung SPH-i700 Samsung Stratosphere Samsung Stripe T329 Samsung Strive Samsung Sunburst Samsung Sway Samsung T109 Samsung T119 Samsung T139 Samsung T159 Samsung T201G Samsung T209 Samsung T219 Samsung T229 Samsung T239 Samsung T249 Samsung t259 Samsung T309 Samsung T319 Samsung T339 Samsung T349 Samsung T369 Samsung T401G Samsung T404G Samsung T439 Samsung T509 Samsung T519 Trace Samsung T528G Samsung T609 Samsung T619 Samsung T629 Samsung T639 Samsung t659 Samsung T719 Samsung T809 Samsung T819 Samsung Trance Samsung Transform Samsung Transform Ultra Samsung Trender Samsung U430 Samsung U450 Samsung U550 Samsung Upstage M620 Samsung VI660 Samsung Vibrant Samsung X427M Samsung X495 Samsung Z400 Samsung Z700 Samsung Zeal Sanyo 7050 Sanyo 8400 Sanyo Incognito Sanyo Innuendo Sanyo Innuendo by Kyocera Sanyo Katana Sanyo Katana DLX Sanyo Katana Eclipse Sanyo Katana Eclipse X Sanyo Katana II Sanyo Katana LX Sanyo M1 Sanyo MM-8300 Sanyo PRO-200 Sanyo PRO-700 Sanyo S1 Sanyo SCP-2400 Sanyo SCP-2700 Sanyo SCP-3100 Sanyo SCP-3200 Sanyo SCP-3810 Sanyo Taho by Kyocera Sanyo Vero by Kyocera Sanyo Zio Saygus V2 Sharp Aquos Crystal Sharp FX Sharp FX PLUS Siemens CF62T Sierra 598 USB Modem Sierra USB Lightning 305 Sierra Wireless 4G LTE Tri-Fi Hotspot Sierra Wireless AC595 PCMCIA Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595U USB PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597 ExpressCard PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AirCard 402 Sierra Wireless Compass 597 USB Modem SKY 4.0 Sky 5.0L Sonim XP STRIKE Sonim XP6 Sony C1904 Xperia M Sony Ericsson Equinox Sony Ericsson GC79 Cellular and WiFi PC Card Sony Ericsson GC89 PCMCIA PC Cell WiFi Card Sony Ericsson J220a Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson T290a Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson TM506 Sony Ericsson W580i Sony Ericsson W810i Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Sony Ericsson Z300 Sony Ericsson Z310a Sony Ericsson Z750a Sony Ericsson Z780 Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia M Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia PLAY 4G Sony Xperia T3 LTE Sony Xperia X10 Sony Xperia Z Sony Xperia Z1S Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Spectrum 2 by LG Spectrum by LG Sprint 3G 4G U600 USB Modem Sprint 3G/4G Plug-in Connect USB Sprint 3G|4G USB 250U Sprint Flash Sprint Force Sprint LivePro Sprint Phone Connect 2 Sprint Plug-in-Connect Trimode Sprint Pocket WiFi Sprint PPC 6700 Sprint Vital Sprint WeGo T-Mobile 4G LTE HotSpot Z915 T-Mobile 4G Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile 665 T-Mobile 768 T-Mobile Comet T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord II T-Mobile Dash T-Mobile Dash 3G T-Mobile G-Slate with Google T-Mobile G1 T-Mobile G2 T-Mobile G2x T-Mobile Jet 2.0 4G Stick T-Mobile MDA T-Mobile myTouch T-Mobile myTouch 3G T-Mobile myTouch 3G Slide T-Mobile myTouch 4G T-Mobile myTouch 4G Slide T-Mobile myTouch by LG T-Mobile myTouch Q T-Mobile myTouch Q by LG T-Mobile Prism T-Mobile Prism II T-Mobile Rocket 3.0 4G Laptop T-Mobile SDA T-Mobile Shadow T-Mobile Sidekick T-Mobile Sidekick 3 T-Mobile Sidekick 4G T-Mobile Sidekick iD T-Mobile Sidekick II T-Mobile Sidekick LX T-Mobile Sidekick Slide T-Mobile Sonic 4G T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Sparq II T-Mobile Tap T-Mobile webConnect Jet USB T-Mobile webConnect USB T-Mobile Wing Turing Phone UNIMAX MAXBravo Unimax MXE-675 UT Starcom PC-5740 UTStarcom Blitz UTStarcom CDM-8945 UTStarcom CDM-8975 UTStarcom Coupe UTStarcom PC5750 PCMCIA PC Broadband Card UTStarcom SMT5800 UTStarcom UM150 USB Modem UTStarcom UM175 USB UTStarcom XV6800 Pocket PC Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice Verizon 4G LTE MiFi 4510L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem UML295 Verizon AD3700 Global USB Verizon Adamant Verizon Blitz Verizon CDM8950 Verizon CDM8975 Verizon Ellipsis 8 Verizon Ellipsis Jetpack MHS800L Verizon Escapade Verizon GzOne Boulder Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 4620L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 5510L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi MHS291L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot 890L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot Verizon Jetpack MiFi 6620L Verizon Razzle Verizon SMT5800 Verizon UM175 USB Data Modem Verizon UMW190 Global USB Verizon USB760 Modem Verizon VX6900 Verizon Wireless Fivespot Global Ready 3G Mobile Hotspot Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect Verizon Wireless Salute Verizon Wireless Turbine 7.0 Verizon Wireless USB551L Virgin Mobile Awe webConnect Rocket HSPA+ Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Xperia ion by Sony YotaPhone 2 ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Aspect ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Axon Pro ZTE Boost Max+ ZTE Compel ZTE Concord II ZTE Force ZTE Fury ZTE Grand S3 ZTE Grand X Max+ ZTE Illustra ZTE Majesty ZTE Maven ZTE Merit ZTE Midnight ZTE Nubia 5S Mini ZTE Optik ZTE Overture 2 ZTE Prestige ZTE Quartz ZTE Rapido LTE ZTE Savvy ZTE Score M ZTE Solar ZTE Speed ZTE Supreme ZTE Unico LTE ZTE Valet ZTE Vital ZTE Warp ZTE Warp Elite ZTE Warp Sequent ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Whirl ZTE Z432 ZTE Z667 ZTE Zephyr ZTE Zinger ZTE ZMAX ZTE ZMAX 2 AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T Mobile Share 10GB AT&T Mobile Share 15GB AT&T Mobile Share 1GB AT&T Mobile Share 20GB AT&T Mobile Share 2GB AT&T Mobile Share 300MB AT&T Mobile Share 40GB AT&T Mobile Share 4GB AT&T Mobile Share 50GB AT&T Mobile Share 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB Boost Mobile BlackBerry Monthly Unlimited Boost Mobile Data Boost Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Plan with Shrinking Payments Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Select Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited with Growing Data CREDO Mobile 10GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 15GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 1GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 2GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 3GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 4GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 6GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 8GB Shared Data Plan FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 500MB GIV Mobile The 20 Plan GIV Mobile The 25 Plan GIV Mobile The 30 Plan GIV Mobile The 40 Plan GIV Mobile The 60 Plan MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Family (2+ Lines) Republic Refund Plan with 0.5 GB Republic Refund Plan with 1 GB Republic Refund Plan with 2 GB Republic Refund Plan with 3 GB Republic Refund Plan with 4 GB Republic Refund Plan with 5 GB Republic Wireless $10 Plan Republic Wireless $25 Plan Republic Wireless $40 Plan Republic Wireless $5 Plan (WiFi Only) Republic Wireless Base Plan ROK Mobile Ultimate Unlimited Scratch Wireless Free Plan Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $1.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $14.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $6.99 Voice Pass Solavei Prepaid Unlimited Sprint $60 Unlimited Plan Sprint All-In Wireless Smartphone + Unlimited Sprint Family Share Pack 10GB Sprint Family Share Pack 12GB Sprint Family Share Pack 16GB Sprint Family Share Pack 1GB Sprint Family Share Pack 20GB Sprint Family Share Pack 2GB Sprint Family Share Pack 32GB Sprint Family Share Pack 40GB Sprint Family Share Pack 4GB Sprint Family Share Pack 60GB Sprint Family Share Pack 8GB Sprint Prepaid $60 Unlimited Talk, Text & Data Sprint Prepaid Unlimited Voice and Texting Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Sprint Unlimited My All-In Sprint Unlimited My Way Sprint Unlimited My Way Family Straight Talk All You Need Straight Talk Unlimited T-Mobile Simple Choice T-Mobile Simple Choice Family (Includes 2+ Lines) T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan T-Mobile Simply Prepaid T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text TextNow Wireless Grande Plan TextNow Wireless Quattro Plan TextNow Wireless Tall Plan TextNow Wireless Venti Plan The Verizon Plan - 100GB The Verizon Plan - 20GB The Verizon Plan - 25GB The Verizon Plan - 30GB The Verizon Plan - 40GB The Verizon Plan - 50GB The Verizon Plan - 60GB The Verizon Plan - 80GB The Verizon Plan - L The Verizon Plan - M The Verizon Plan - S The Verizon Plan - XL The Verizon Plan - XXL Ting L Plan Ting M Plan Ting S Plan Ting XL Plan TracFone 120 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 200 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 450 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan US Mobile 100 Mins Talk US Mobile 1000 Mins Talk US Mobile 2000 Mins Talk US Mobile 250 Mins Talk US Mobile 500 Mins Talk Verizon 100GB More Everything Verizon 10GB More Everything Verizon 14GB More Everything Verizon 15GB More Everything Verizon 16GB More Everything Verizon 20GB More Everything Verizon 2GB More Everything Verizon 30GB More Everything Verizon 40GB More Everything Verizon 4GB More Everything Verizon 500MB More Everything Verizon 50GB More Everything Verizon 60GB More Everything Verizon 80GB More Everything Verizon 8GB More Everything Verizon Prepaid Smartphone Plan Verizon Wireless Smartphone Single Line Plan Virgin Mobile payLo 1500 Talk & Text Virgin Mobile payLo 400 Minutes Virgin Mobile payLo Unlimited Talk & Text Virgin Mobile Unlimited + International + Extra Virgin Mobile Unlimited + More Data Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything + International Number of Lines - Any - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Minutes Unlimited Messages: 500 Data Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below. - Any -05KB50MB30MB100MB150MB200MB250MB300MB400MB500MB600MB700MB800MB900MB1GB1.5GB2GB2.5GB3GB4GB5GB6GB7GB8GB10GB12GB14GB15GB16GB18GB20GB25GB30GB32GB35GB40GB50GB60GB80GB100GB120GBUnlimited - Plans Home Phone Savings Pay Less on Home Phone Service popular topics Apple releases iOS 10.0.3 to the iPhone 7, fixes cellular connectivity issues3 iPhone 8 to feature all glass back, new 5-inch model2 New MacBook Pros have 16GB of RAM max due to battery life concerns1 Over 50 new emojis just approved by Unicode 10, should be on iOS soon1 In a new interview, Phil Schiller discusses the new MacBook Pro1 iPhone 7 to be available in 4 additional countries on November 41 Apple Watch Nike+ launch details, bands will not be sold separately1 Opinion: The lack of Apple software quality on iOS1 Live blog: Apple's 'hello again' October 27 event1 PhoneDog Samsung previews Black Friday deals on phones, tablets, microSD cards, and more Apple said to be considering Google Glass-like smart glasses PlayStation 4 Pro Unboxing, Setup and First Impressions Blue Coral Galaxy S7 edge may launch at T-Mobile on November 18 iOS 10.2 beta 3 update now available from Apple Samsung Rewards launching this week, will offer prizes for Samsung Pay users LG V20 launch sales double that of V10 in the US Android And Me OnePlus 3T Leaked Ahead of Official Amazon Prime membership in the UK cut LG has sold over 200,000 V20 units in Top 5 most popular Android apps from Samsung Rewards will earn Samsung Pay Samsung acquires Harman to expand into Google Play Music update adds machine TmoNews Samsung Gear S3 Frontier launches at T-Mobile to launch Blue Coral Galaxy T-Mobile launches @Work All-In Bundle T-Mobile’s Blue Coral Galaxy S7 edge AT&T borrows T-Mobile Binge On to launch Next T-Mobile Tuesday will offer UE Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 launches PhoneDog is one of the largest and most popular interactive mobile news and reviews resource that attracts a community of more than 2.5 million unique visitors each month. The site may have a "cute" name, but it offers up serious editorial content and video reviews that users rely on to make important decisions about their next mobile purchases. PhoneDog Media Family PhoneDog - Cell phone news Android And Me - Google & Android TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog TodaysiPhone - iPhone News & Rumors Company About us In the press Advertising info Jobs & careers Terms of Use Privacy policy Popular iPad iTunes App Reviews Accessory Reviews Research & Shop Buying guide Phone finder Compare plans Phone specials Long distance © 2001-2016 PhoneDog, LLC. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All rights reserved.
Variety Continue to Variety () SKIP AD Variety Editions: U.S Latino Global Asia Subscribe Today! Navigation Menu Film TV Digital Contenders Video Dirt Scene More Biz Music Legit Jobs Conferences Insight Archives Directory Choose Edition: U.S Latino Global Asia Russia | My Account Sign In Subscribe Home Digital News Shares of Tech Giants Fall on Renewed Fears of Trump Administration Policies Todd Spangler NY Digital Editor @xpangler 2 Share This Article Email LinkedIn Print Pin It Tumblr Mark Ralston/Pool via AP November 10, 2016 | 08:38AM PT Shares of Amazon, Apple, Facebook, Netflix and Google fell Thursday morning, as tech investors evidently have grown more concerned that President-elect Donald Trump will adopt unfavorable policies toward Silicon Valley. In mid-morning trading, shares of Netflix, Facebook and Amazon fell more than 4%. Apple’s stock was down 2.9%, while Google declined 3.4%. That was below broader market indices, with the S&P 500 down 0.2% and the Nasdaq off 1.16%. As a candidate, Trump had called for a boycott of Apple products over its refusal to cooperate with federal agents investigating the terrorist attack in San Bernardino, Calif., last year, and he’s urged the company to bring its manufacturing operations to the U.S. Trump also has charged that Amazon is a monopoly that has avoided paying billions in taxes — and has accused CEO Jeff Bezos of buying the Washington Post, which has been a frequent critic of Trump, as a tax dodge. Meanwhile, the mogul/reality TV star has said he opposes the FCC’s network neutrality regulations. That’s fueled speculation he will try to repeal the rules, which would be a setback for companies like Google, Netflix, Facebook and Amazon. In addition, Trump’s protectionist positions on international trade and calls for greater restrictions on immigration also run counter to tech companies’ interests. Bezos posted a congratulatory tweet to Trump on Thursday, apparently seeking to build a bridge to the new administration after Trump’s harsh criticism of his company: Congratulations to @realDonaldTrump. I for one give him my most open mind and wish him great success in his service to the country. — Jeff Bezos (@JeffBezos) November 10, 2016 Apple CEO Tim Cook, meanwhile, sent a memo Wednesday to U.S. staffers urging them to stay calm and focused in the wake of Trump’s election. “While there is discussion today about uncertainties ahead, you can be confident that Apple’s North Star hasn’t changed,” Cook said in the memo, which was obtained by BuzzFeed. “Our company is open to all, and we celebrate the diversity of our team here in the United States and around the world — regardless of what they look like, where they come from, how they worship or who they love.” Facebook chief Mark Zuckerberg, in a post on Wednesday evening on the social site, didn’t address how a Trump presidency might affect his company. Instead, he wrote optimistically about the future for his 11-month-old daughter, Max. “Holding Max, I thought about all the work ahead of us to create the world we want for our children,” Zuckerberg wrote in the post, which he tagged with “feeling hopeful.” “This work is bigger than any presidency and progress does not move in a straight line. The most important opportunities of Max’s generation — like curing all disease, improving education, connecting everyone and promoting equal opportunity — will take long term focus and finding new ways for all of us to work together, sometimes over decades.” Filed Under: Amazon Apple Donald Trump Facebook Google Netflix Want to read more articles like this one? SUBSCRIBE TO VARIETY TODAY. Post A Comment 2 2016-2017 Oscar Predictions Most Popular 1 Biz 9:00AM PT Donald Trump’s Tense History With Hollywood Comes Full Circle 2 TV 7:12AM PT BBC America Greenlights ‘Killing Eve’ Series from ‘Fleabag’ Writer 3 TV 6:34AM PT Tom Hardy’s ‘Taboo’ Series to Premiere in January on FX 4 Digital 6:00AM PT Fullscreen Upcoming Original Series Include Bret Easton Ellis Thriller, Andrea Russett Talk Show 5 Digital 6:00AM PT Twitter Adds New Ways to Block, Report Abusive and Racist Trolls No Frontrunner in Sight for Supporting Actor Oscar Race Oscars: ‘Voyage of Time’ Faces Challenge in Treating Voters to ‘IMAX Experience’ ‘No Oscar Campaigning,’ Academy Says, While Providing the Opportunity Ava DuVernay on Trump and Mass Incarceration: ‘He Feels It’s a Business’ Variety Jobs Creative Development Coordinator Triptyk Studios, New York, New York Account/Project Coordinator (Ad Agency) Petrol Advertising, Burbank, California Media Specialist Bridgewater Associates, Westport, Connecticut Executive Director, Aspen Film Company Confidential, Aspen, Colorado Associate Director, YouTuber & Gamer Partnerships Save the Children, Fairfield, Connecticut See More Jobs Marketplace Leave a Reply 2 Comments Cancel reply Comments are moderated. They may be edited for clarity and reprinting in whole or in part in Variety publications. Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Jim says: November 10, 2016 at 3:32 pm Another headline: Stock Market at All-time high after Trump Election. Reply Bas says: November 10, 2016 at 8:42 am Trump hates monopoly and hence why Techs are the main target. Great and on-time article Variety. Reply See All 2 Comments More Digital News from Variety The Power of Content 'Jimmy Kimmel Live' Teams With Bono and RED For AIDS Awareness… Dick's Sporting Goods Posts Solid Third-Quarter Results, But… The Voice Predictions: Who's at Risk on Top 12 Results… Tech CEO vows to murder Donald Trump with a sniper rifle, gets… Subscribe to Variety Today! All The Ways to Get Variety Online Subscription Print Subscription Mobile Apps Newsletters News Alerts Archives Slanguage Dictionary Help Other Variety Products Media: Variety 411 Research & Data: Variety Insight Archives Premium Email Alerts Real Estate Jobs Access the best entertainment industry data available View the Variety archives dating back to 1905 Get News Delivered To Your Inbox Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights Terms of Use About Us Advertise Contact Us Google+ The Power of Content Deadline india.com Hollywoodlife @hollywood TV Line BGR WWD Footwearnews © Copyright 2016 Variety Media, LLC, a subsidiary of Penske Business Media, LLC. Variety and the Flying V logos are trademarks of Variety Media, LLC. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Variety411: Your production services resource
This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Find out more here.   Archive Budgets Resources Partners Site Map Links Contact RSS Feeds Front Page 5 Days News by Topic International Tax International Law Politics & Economics Offshore Business E-Commerce Investment Aviation Marine Jurisdictions Andorra Anguilla Aruba Australia Bahamas Barbados Belize Bermuda British Virgin Islands Canada Cayman Islands Cook Islands Costa Rica Cyprus Dubai Gibraltar Grenada Guernsey Hong Kong Ireland Isle of Man Jersey Labuan Liechtenstein Luxembourg Madeira Malta Mauritius Monaco Netherlands Antilles Nevis Panama Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Seychelles South Africa Switzerland Turks and Caicos Islands United Kingdom United States Vanuatu MORE Features Contributed Articles Comments Search Tax-News.com Advanced Search You Are Here » Front Page » News » Ireland Lodges Appeal Against EC Apple Ruling Close Password Reminder Please enter your email address to receive a password reminder.   Log into Tax-News+ Not registered yet? Find out about our daily news alert service » Email Address:  Password:  Login » Forgotten your password? Today’s Top Headlines » China Expands Service Outsourcing Sector Tax Breaks » Ibec Calls For Irish Gov't Action On Brexit Risks » Industry Guide For UK's Games Tax Relief » New Zealand Mulling Tourist Tax » Oman Confirms Participation In GCC VAT From 2018 Ireland Lodges Appeal Against EC Apple Ruling by Jason Gorringe, Tax-News.com, London 10 November 2016 The Irish Government has asked the General Court of the European Union to annul the European Commission's ruling that Ireland gave favorable tax treatment to Apple. In August, the Commission concluded that two tax rulings issued by Ireland to Apple have substantially and artificially lowered the tax paid by Apple in Ireland since 1991. It ordered Ireland to recover "unpaid taxes" from Apple for the years 2003-2014 of up to EUR13bn (USD14.2bn), plus interest. The Irish Examiner reported a spokesperson for Finance Minister Michael Noonan as stating on November 9: "The Government disagrees profoundly with the Commission's analysis in the Apple case, and our position on all aspects of the case is very well known." The spokesperson added: "Such an appeal takes the form of an application to the General Court of the European Union, asking it to annul the decision of the Commission. As this topic is the subject of open legal proceedings, it will not be possible to comment further, in particular on any of the individual elements of the State's legal case in defence of our position. This is important to ensure we do not prejudice our own legal case." The Attorney General's Office has been involved in the preparation of the appeal, it was said. The spokesperson's comments came after Noonan confirmed to the EU's Economic and Monetary Affairs Committee that the Government would submit its appeal on November 9. He explained: "The Government fundamentally disagrees with the European Commission's analysis and the decision left the Government no choice but to take an appeal to the European Courts." TAGS: compliance | tax | European Commission | tax compliance | Ireland | tax avoidance | interest | corporation tax | tax planning | tax rates | European Union (EU) | Europe | BEPS To see today's news, click here. Leave a comment ↺ Post Read our Posting Guidelines   Recommended Tweets by @TaxNews1 Stay Updated Please enter your email address to join the Tax-News.com mailing list. View previous newsletters. To manage your mailing list preferences, please click here » Tax-News+ Daily Updates Receive FREE daily updates from Tax-News.com, straight to your inbox. Register Now! For a tailored solution, choose to receive selected news updates for your preferred jurisdictions and topics, with our enhanced Tax-News+ subscriber service. Read more... Network Blogs and Features Get the best eTV India for you » Financial Concerns of Moving Abroad » Property in Dubai: A Correction for the Better » Gibraltar International Focus » Expat Health and Life Insurance » the UK cannot claim to be the bastion of micro-entrepreneurialism just yet » Hong Kong Companies: Dormant Status » South Africa business confidence: At lowest point in the past three decades » the normal order of things is being shaken up on a regular basis » Singapore Company Incorporation » Cultural Heritage Of Hong Kong » China - Where Challenges Are Rewarded » pondering where to invest » Don't Believe the Media Hype Around Offshore Asset Protection Trusts » Tax-News Jurisdictions Aaland Islands Afghanistan African Union Albania Alderney Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda BES Islands Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory British Virgin Islands Brunei Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burma Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Caribbean Community (CARICOM) Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Republic of the Cook Islands Coral Sea Islands Costa Rica Cote d'Ivoire Croatia Cuba Curaçao Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Dhekelia Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Dubai East African Community (EAC) Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Europa Island European Union Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia Gabon Gambia Gaza Strip Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City) Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, North Korea, South Kosovo Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Labuan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macau Macedonia Madagascar Madeira Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles Nevis New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway OECD Oman Pakistan Palau Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Islands Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russia Rwanda Saint Helena Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sharjah Sierra Leone Singapore Sint Maarten Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands Spain Spratly Islands Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands Wake Island Wallis and Futuna West Bank Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Lowtax Global tax and business portal.   Andorra Anguilla Aruba Asia/Pacific Australia Austria Bahamas Barbados Belgium Belize Bermuda Botswana British Virgin Islands Brunei Bulgaria Canada Cayman Islands China Comoros Islands Cook Islands Costa Rica Curacao Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Dubai Estonia France Germany Gibraltar Greece Grenada Guernsey Hong Kong Hungary India Ireland Isle of Man Jersey Labuan Latvia Liberia Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Madeira Malaysia Malta Marshall Islands Mauritius Monaco The Netherlands The Netherlands Antilles Nevis New Zealand Panama Poland Portugal Qatar Ras Al Khaimah Romania Russia Seychelles Singapore Slovakia Slovenia South Africa Spain St. Kitts St. Vincent & The Grenadines Switzerland Turks & Caicos Islands United Kingdom United States United States - Delaware Vanuatu Global Incorporation Guide (GIG) An intuitive international business, tax and investment smart tool that searches and compares global jurisdictions for the most effective corporate vehicles and structures based on intended use and ownership preferences.   Algeria Andorra Anguilla Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belgium Belize Bermuda Bolivia Bosnia Botswana Brazil British Virgin Islands Brunei Bulgaria Canada Cayman Islands Chile China Colombia Cook Islands Costa Rica Croatia Curacao Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Dominica Dubai Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Estonia Ethiopia Faroe Islands Finland France Georgia Germany Gibraltar Greece Grenada Guam Guatemala Guernsey Hong Kong Hungary India Indonesia Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Japan Jersey Kazakhstan Kuwait Labuan Latvia Liberia Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Madeira Malaysia Malta Marshall Islands Mauritius Mexico Monaco Montenegro Morocco Netherlands New Zealand Nigeria Panama Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Ras Al Khaimah Romania Russia Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Seychelles Singapore Slovakia Slovenia South Africa Spain Sweden Switzerland Turks and Caicos Islands United Kingdom United States - Delaware United States - Nevada Vanuatu Virgin Islands Expat Briefing A free online publication serving international expatriates and featuring world news, forums, events, in-depth country information and reliable investment and personal taxation guides.   Australia Brazil Canada China France Germany Hong Kong Indonesia India Ireland Italy Japan Malta Netherlands New Zealand Portugal Russia Saudi Arabia Singapore South Africa Spain Thailand UAE United Kingdom United States Archive | Resources | Partners | Site Map | Links | Newsletter Archive | Contact | RSS Feeds | About | Syndication | Advertising & Marketing | Recruitment | Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies IMPORTANT NOTICE: Wolters Kluwer TAA Limited has taken reasonable care in sourcing and presenting the information contained on this site, but accepts no responsibility for any financial or other loss or damage that may result from its use. In particular, users of the site are advised to take appropriate professional advice before committing themselves to involvement in offshore jurisdictions, offshore trusts or offshore investments. All rights reserved. © 2016 Wolters Kluwer TAA Limited  
DOW JONES, A NEWS CORP COMPANY News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. DOW JONES Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Newsmart NewsPlus Private Markets Risk & Compliance WSJ.com WSJ Pro WSJ Conference WSJ Video NEWS CORP Big Decisions Business Spectator Checkout51 Harper Collins New York Post PropTiger REA realtor.com Storyful The Australian The Sun The Times DJIA ▲ 18839.27 -0.16%   S&P 500 ▲ 2169.70 0.25%   Nasdaq ▲ 5250.61 0.62%   U.S. 10 Yr ▲ 9/32 yield 2.230%   Crude Oil ▲ 45.40 4.80%   Euro ▲ 1.0730 -0.07%   Subscribe Now Sign In The Wall Street Journal Sections My Journal Home World U.S. Politics Economy Business Tech Markets Opinion Arts Life Real Estate Today's Paper SHOW ALL SECTIONS HIDE ALL SECTIONS World Home Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Economy World Video U.S. Home Economy Law New York Politics Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Home Think Tank Washington Wire Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Home Real Time Economics Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Home Management Tech/WSJ.D Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Home CIO Journal Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Home Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Home Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Home Arts in Review Books Speakeasy Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Home Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Home Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion Real Estate Video HIDE ALL SECTIONS Aim higher, reach further. Get the Wall Street Journal $12 for 12 weeks. Subscribe Now Sign In Reveal Navigation Options Home World Regions Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Blogs Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Sections Economy More World Video U.S. Sections Economy Law New York Politics Columns & Blogs Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire More Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Blogs Think Tank Washington Wire More Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Blogs Real Time Economics More Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Sections Management Tech/WSJ.D Industries Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail C-Suite CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Columns & Blogs Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street More Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Sections CIO Journal Columns & Blogs Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan More Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Sections Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Columns & Blogs Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape More CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Sections Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns & Blogs Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary More Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Sections Arts in Review Books Blogs Speakeasy More Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Sections Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Blogs Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix More Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Sections Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion More Real Estate Video Search SEARCH → Subscribe Sign In Social Media Confronts Misinformation, Harassment General Electric to Buy Two Tech Startups Japan Watches Samsung Chip Away at Its Car Makers Wal-Mart Tells Workers: Don’t Download Labor Group’s Chat App Jaguar Shows Luxury Electric SUV Concept Lyft Sees Cash in Dashboard Flash Tencent Earnings: What to Watch Samsung to Buy Auto-Tech Supplier for $8 Billion China’s JD.com Explores Spinoff of Finance Unit Siemens to Buy Mentor Graphics Amid Push to Digitize Factories Chinese Startup Backed by Ant Financial Plans U.S. IPO FriendFinder Investigates Report of Breached Accounts Former Amaya CEO Offers to Buy Company CEO of Online Lender Prosper Steps Down Slack Braces for Competition GM Bets on Chevy Bolt to Jump-Start Market Civics Game Advanced by Former Justice Is Classroom Hit LeEco Funding Scare Casts Doubt on Grand Vision Finland’s ‘Sauna’ Makes Emoji Cut Facebook Won’t Allow Ads Targeting Ethnic Groups Save Article Sign In to Save Subscribe to WSJ Text Size Regular Medium Large Google+ Print Tech Tech CEOs Look Ahead After Trump Victory Apple CEO Tim Cook told employees the outcome of the U.S. election won’t shake the company’s core beliefs By WSJ Staff Nov. 10, 2016 11:11 a.m. ET Apple Inc. Chief Executive Tim Cook told employees that the outcome of the U.S. election won’t shake the company’s core beliefs in diversity and inclusiveness, as technology-industry executives reacted to Donald Trump’s surprise victory. In a memo Wednesday, Mr. Cook didn’t mention by name Mr. Trump, who has taken shots at Apple over jobs and data privacy, or former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, whom Mr. Cook backed in... To Read the Full Story, Subscribe or Sign In Popular on WSJ Most Popular Videos How Trump Won the Presidency Conway: ‘The Excuse of Divided Government Is Over’ Daniel Tarullo and Elizabeth Warren at CEO Council Obama Addresses Concerns About Bannon's Appointment Apple MacBook Pro Review: Living With Tradeoffs Most Popular Articles Intelligence Expert Rogers Exits Trump Transition Team The Trump Trade Is Getting Out of Hand: Buy Bonds How to Reconcile With Family and Friends After the Election Giuliani Seen as Top Pick for Secretary of State California, as Clinton Territory, Finds Itself a Political Outlier Wall Street Journal U.S. Edition U.S. Asia Europe India América Latina Brasil 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Edition: U.S. Asia Europe India América Latina Brasil 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Text Size: Small Medium Large Subscribe NowSign In WSJ Membership Benefits Download WSJ Apps Customer Center Legal Policies Subscribe Sign In TOP« WSJ Membership WSJ+ Membership Benefits Digital Subscription Print Subscription Print and Digital Subscription Why Subscribe? Download WSJ Apps for iOS and Android Corporate Subscriptions Professor Journal Student Journal Customer Service Customer Center Live Help Redesign Guided Tour Notice to Subscribers Tools & Features Emails & Alerts Guides My News RSS Feeds Topics Video Center Watchlist Podcasts Ads Advertise Advertise Locally Commercial Real Estate Ads Place a Classified Ad Sell Your Business Sell Your Home Recruitment & Career Ads More Content Partnerships Corrections Jobs at WSJ News Archive Register for Free Reprints Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube Podcasts Snapchat GooglePlay AppStore Windows10 Dow Jones Products Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Private Markets realtor.com Risk & Compliance WSJ Conference WSJ Pro Central Banking WSJ Video WSJ Wine Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Copyright ©2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Comment: Apple selling a $79 MacBook Pro power adapter without a USB-C cable is a step too far Trending in Apple Review: Late-2016 13-inch MacBook Pro without Touch Bar [Video] Trending in Apple All the dongles I bought for my new USB-C 2016 MacBook Pro — how annoying will it really be? Trending in Apple How Apple’s stock apps will use the Touch Bar on the new MacBook Pro [Gallery] Trending in Apple Opinion: How long before an iPhone completely replaces standalone cameras? Trending in Apple Poll: What is your view of the all-USB-C ports on the new MacBook Pro? November 10 AAPL: 107.79 -3.09 Happy Hour Podcast 093 | Apple’s unexpected USB-C sale, MacBook Pro Touch Bar anticipation, more Zac Hall - 5 days ago @apollozac Happy Hour Podcast View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit This week Benjamin and Zac discuss Apple’s surprise USB-C sale, the current state of MacBook Pro shipments and how Apple apps use Touch Bar, changing Apple TV services, and whether an iPad Pro or Microsoft Surface Studio makes more sense. 9to5Mac’s Happy Hour podcast is available for download on iTunes and Apple’s Podcasts app, or through our dedicated RSS feed for Overcast and other podcast players. New episodes of Happy Hour are available every week. As mentioned, you can download this podcast via iTunes or plug in our RSS feed link into your favorite podcasting app. Note: Subscribing to the podcast feed will guarantee the latest episode is downloaded as soon as possible. Hosts: Benjamin Mayo Zac Hall Here’s what we discussed in this episode: Apple begins charging credit cards for MacBook Pro with Touch Bar preorders ahead of shipping Apple drops USB-C adapter prices after pushback from introducing MacBook Pros without USB-A ports, but not for long Apple also offers limited time discounts on new LG UltraFine 5K and 4K displays for MacBook Pro users Apple automatically crediting some customers who bought MacBook Pro USB-C accessories prior to price drop Test out the new MacBook Pro’s Touch Bar on any Mac with this handy app How Apple’s stock apps will use the Touch Bar on the new MacBook Pro [Gallery] Hands-on: Late-2016 13-inch MacBook Pro without Touch Bar [Video] Comment: There’s no clear winner in the current web TV wars AT&T reportedly planning to offer DirecTV Now subscribers a free Apple TV Single Sign-On feature for paid-TV apps arrives on Apple TV, iPhone, and iPad for beta testers [Video] HomeKit-enabled August Smart Lock now works with Apple’s Home app and Control Center on iOS 10 Feedback? Drop us a line at happyhour@9to5mac.com. Remember: Subscribe on iTunes to catch all of the episodes as they go live and thanks for listening! Guides 9to5Mac Happy Hour Podcast A weekly podcast discussing the latest in Apple and technology. View THe Guide Podcast View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
null
null
mirrorLoad mobile navigation News UK News World News Weird News Crime Real Life Stories Health MotoringExpand Politics Sport Football Formula 1 Boxing Cricket Horse Racing Row Zed Rugby Union Other Sports Athletics Cycling Darts MMA WrestlingExpandExpand Football Celebs Celebrity News US Gossip Fashion & Beauty Weird Celeb NewsExpand TV & Film Weird News Technology Money Travel Fashion Mums Quizzes Sign in Sign Out facebook twitter pinterest instagram Offers Fantasy Bingo Dating Jobs BuySell Competitions Horoscopes Cartoons Crosswords BuySell Find a job Find a home Find a new home Find a local business About Us Contact Us Follow Us Sell Your Story How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Statement Cookie Policy Terms and Conditions Paper Subscription to the Daily Mirror Paper Subscription to the Sunday Mirror Irish Mirror © 2016 MGN Limited Home Technology Siri Technology Apple's latest iPhone feature lets you shop with your voice using Siri and PayPal Send or request money by shouting at your iPhone - just like an investment banker  Share  Comments ByJeff Parsons 14:50, 10 NOV 2016 Updated14:51, 10 NOV 2016 Technology Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to playTap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Watch this video again Video will play in  Share this video Watch Next  Share  Comments Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing!Could not subscribe, try again laterInvalid Email PayPal has updated its iPhone app to allow it to work with Siri, the voice-controlled digital assistant that lives inside each and every iPhone. Saying: "Hey Siri, send Angela £25 using PayPal" will activate the payment, provided you've got Angela listed as one of your PayPal contacts. In September, Apple decided to open Siri up to third-party developers, which means we could see more integration like this in the future. The digital assistant has become a key part of Apple's ecosystem, and now appears in Apple TV and Apple CarPlay as well. Read More Talk dirty to me Siri: Lonely men are turning to virtual assistants for SEX Be wary though, as Siri can't differentiate between different voices. The iPhone has to be unlocked for you to make the payment though. "Last year we did $41 billion in peer-to-peer (P2P) volume across PayPal, Venmo and Xoom," said Meron Colbeci, senior director of core consumer products at PayPal. "And, with the holidays around the corner, PayPal predicts more than 17 million P2P transactions in the month of December alone." Read More PayPal 'unusual activity' email SCAM attempts to dupe users - don't fall for this hacking hoax Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Watch NextWe test Google Assistant's sense of humour Watch this video again Watch Next We take a look back at the best Christmas John Le1:25 Star Wars Identities: Check out classic memorabil1:44 Google CEO LIVE0:01 Mum explains how pregnancy means your vagina isn'3:15 The first dates questions you really want to ask.2:04 Road workers paddle into middle of frozen pond af0:58 Video will play in  Share this video Watch Next Voice-controlled technology is experiencing a boom this year with the UK launch of Amazon's Echo speaker and Google's heavily-touted Google Assitant. While neither of those two currently allow you to buy stuff just by asking, the feature can't be too far away from Amazon's platform. poll loading Do you use voice assistants like Siri, Cortana and Google Assistant? 0+ VOTES SO FAR YES NO Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Daily Newsletter Follow @MirrorTech Subscribe to our Daily newsletterEnter emailSubscribe Comments Show more comments More On Apple iPhone Paypal Inc. Siri tech all Most Read Most Recent TechnologyWhatsApp finally launches the feature EVERYONE wants - and it has consequences for Facebook, Google and Apple Video calling has finally been made available on the platform, putting it into competition with Messenger, Duo and FaceTime NintendoNintendo Classic Mini NES sells out in days as gamers rush to buy cheap and cheerful retro console Dodgy Amazon sellers have been jacking up the prices to try and cash in on demand NintendoNintendo Mini NES Classic Edition: Release date, price, games and how to pre-order Mario's nostalgic new console Nintendo is going back to the glory days with this brand new version of the classic NES console - here's everything you need to know about it CGIJohn Lewis Christmas advert 2016: Experts reveal technical wizardry behind nation's favourite commercial Creating a photo-realistic boxer dog and making him bounce on a trampoline is just as tricky as you'd expect SmartphonesMirror Online has a new look - this is what we've changed Mirror.co.uk has switched to a fully responsive design, to give you the best experience whatever the size of your screen Which?Are phone and tablet software updates 'sapping' your battery life and storage space? Consumer watchdog Which? claims the major annual changes can hit phone and tablet storage too, after reports Microsoft's Windows 10 upgrade crashed or froze some devices GoogleSundar Pichai keynote LIVE: Watch Google boss reveal his latest plans for investment in the UK Sundar Pichai will speak at the company's new office in London, King's Cross at 6pm tonight AppleApple's next product could be a pair of Google Glass-style augmented reality specs Can Apple succeed where Google failed? The company is believed to be working on a new kind of wearable device TechnologyTwitter strikes back against internet trolls with new 'mute' and 'report abuse' tools New tools are designed to give users more power to defend themselves against online abuse SupermoonLeonid Meteor Shower 2016 - When is it, how to watch in UK and more dates of astronomical events including Jupiter next to the moon This weekend the red planet will be visible next to the crescent moon but astronomers and stargazers will have plenty more to see above the UK in November - including the biggest supermoon in 70 years Most Read Most Recent World newsLost Vincent van Gogh sketchbook contains 65 drawings from artist's 'most important years' The sketchbook - which is set to be published today - contains drawings from his most significant period while he was living in France TV NewsDanniella Westbrook confesses to new overdose and drugs relapse as viewers are shocked at her appearance The mum-of-two told This Morning that she took pills when she overdosed and "didn't think about" what effect it would have on her kids TV NewsI'm a Celebrity jungle on lockdown as EIGHT deadly spiders found inside the camp Eight Funnel Web spiders, which can kill in just 15 minutes, were discovered in the jungle camp Row ZedConor McGregor embarrasses girl on Instagram, so she immediately returns the favour After his win over Eddie Alvarez, The Notorious was in a playful mood - unfortunately for one fan UK NewsPolice hunting for missing RAF serviceman Corrie McKeague close one lane of busy road in search bid A mile and a half stretch of the eastbound A14 in Suffolk was shut today as search teams combed for clues about the gunner's disappearance Columbia UniversityIvy League sports dealt another blow as New York's Columbia University suspends men's wrestling team over 'racist, homophobic' texts The men's wrestling team at Columbia University is being investigated for the content of messages sent between team-mates Premier League relegationIs the Premier League the most competitive in the world? Top-flight compared to divisions in Europe It appears a number of leagues have just a couple of good sides - but how close do English sides finish compared to those on the continent? ToysMum creates her own 'natural-looking' doll range after blasting 'unrealistic' Bratz and Barbie toys Emma Cayley, a mum of two, created Devon Rescue Dolls using recycled dolls and gives them realistic eyebrows, smaller eyes and thinner and smaller mouths Justin BieberJustin Bieber takes SIX girl fans back to his room after gig in Czech Republic A casting call on social media asked for "eight pretty girls for a dinner and party with Justin B" Planet EarthPlanet Earth II music revealed! Composer is maestro behind Inception and Gladiator The music for the series was composed by musical maestro Hans Zimmer Top Stories SkincareEczema sufferer who felt like 'monster' after quitting cream addiction finally has clear skin Mum-of-two Melanie Lynch has revealed "living hell" she went through going cold turkey with the steroid treatment which make her skin burn and ooze Ron DennisRon Dennis quits as McLaren boss after 35 years - but retains 25 percent stake in company The 69-year-old had been with the F1 team for 35 years but has relinquished his role as chairman and chief executive after a meeting with shareholders MauryWife demands to feel weight of husband's testicles to see if he's cheated every time he comes home The high school sweethearts, who share one child, were put to the test when Jermaine's social life changed Loose WomenSir Cliff Richard reveals he cried on kitchen floor and slept three hours a night during sex abuse claims The Young Ones star appeared on Loose Women to discuss how he coped with the stress of the sex abuse allegations against him Steve IrwinSteve Irwin's children mark 10th anniversary of Crocodile Hunter's death with special animal show Celebrating Steve Irwin Day at Australia Zoo in Queensland, owned by their mother Terri Irwin, the family marked a decade since the famous crocodile hunter was tragically killed by a stingray’s barb while filming a documentary England football teamEngland vs Spain live score and goal updates from international friendly clash at Wembley The Three Lions saw off Scotland on Friday to boost Gareth Southgate's chances of landing the job on a full-time basis and now take on the former world champions Human rightsNetwork Rail pulls Amnesty International's human rights adverts for being 'too political' The ad campaign was intended to highlight the role of the Human Rights Act helping in the Hillsborough families among others Revenge pornLove rat sends revenge porn pictures to mistress's boss - with help from the girlfriend he cheated on Juan Majendie had been struggling to choose between his mistress and his partner Illona Wroblewska - then things really got messy PregnancyMum's powerful pregnancy rant about "crowded vaginas" even has men commenting Mum and blogger Tova Leigh wants you to know "it's getting a little crowded in there" RelationshipsNew 'miracle' spray can cure embarrassing bedroom problem for men in just five minutes Fortacin is available on prescription from today to treat men suffering from premature ejaculation England Cricket TeamEngland's Zafar Ansari so proud to be part of first Test team including four British Asians The Surrey spin-bowler, Moeen Ali, Haseeb Hameed and Adil Rashid made history last week as the tourists and India fought out a tense draw in Rajkot BoxingFloyd Mayweather criticises Conor McGregor as boxing great says comparison is "disrespectful" Mayweather had previously said he would face McGregor in a boxing match News Politics Football Sport Celebs TV & Film Weird News Quizzes Technology Money Travel Fashion Mums Motoring Follow us facebook twitter pinterest instagram BuySell Find a job Find a home Find a new home Find a local business About Us Contact Us Follow Us Sell Your Story How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Statement Cookie Policy Terms and Conditions Paper Subscription to the Daily Mirror Paper Subscription to the Sunday Mirror Irish Mirror © 2016 MGN Limited This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here.Close cookie policy overlay
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Nov 15, 12:38 PM EST Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe National Black Friday Deals On iPhone 7: Best Buy, Target And More Sales For 2016 Apple Device By Cortney Drakeford On 11/10/16 AT 10:18 AM Close Although there are plenty of sales currently taking place, Black Friday is the day where people can really save some money. The iPhone 7 from Apple is one of the most popular mobile devices out however, it is not cheap. On the Apple site, prices for the iPhone 7 range from $649 to $849.00, while the iPhone 7 Plus will run customers anywhere between $769.00 to $969.00 depending on the amount of storage space they desire. While these cell phones come in handy in times of need and boredom many people are not thrilled about shelling out so much cash for them. Luckily Black Friday is just weeks away and there are some awesome deals available. Target: The store is offering $0 down on the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus with a guaranteed $250 gift card upon purchase and activation through a lease plan, AT&T Next, Verizon Device Payment or Sprint 24-Month Installments. Customers who return the phone will no longer have a valid gift card, however exchanges for another eligible device will let customers keep their gift card. Sam’s Club: Although all of the prices have yet to be released, Sam’s Club is expected to reveal Black Friday iPhone 7 deals on Nov. 22. However, the store will have a Nov. 12 event which will give customers a $250 Sam’s Club gift card with the activation of an installment plan of the iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus or iPhone SE. The Nov. 12 event starts online at 12:01 a.m. EST. Related Stories Walmart, Target, Kohl's Offer Black Friday Deals Amazon Black Friday Sales For 2016 Best Buy: The electronics retailer is offering customers a $200 Best Buy gift card with the purchase of any iPhone, however, the installment or lease plan must be with Sprint or Verizon. Verizon: The phone carrier is offering a $250 discount off of iPads with the purchase of any phone. The company is also offering up to $300 off the purchase of an iPhone 7 or iPhone 7 Plus as long as the old phone model is in good condition. AT&T: New customers can get up to $650 in credit if they switch to the phone carrier or trade in a new device and purchase one. Join the Discussion Most Read Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Business Small Business Owners Voicing Support For Trump Donald Trump's supporters drew up a blacklist of companies to boycott on Reddit, but endorsed some small-town businesses who have voiced their love for the president-elect during the campaign. Technology Twitter Takes on Online Abuse After Election Twitter rolled-out new features to address abuse on the site. The move includes an expansion on the "mute" function and a more specific way of reporting abusive conduct. World What Women Should Know About Endometrial Cancer PBS anchor Gwen Ifill's death drew attention to cancers of the female reproductive organ. Here are the symptoms of endometrial or uterine cancer. National New York City Mayor Tells Protesters To 'Fight Back' Against Trump "The more extreme he is, the more people fight back, the more it takes away his power,” New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio said.  © Copyright 2016 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
PCMagLogo.2016 Reviews Reviews Android Apps Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Gaming Headphones Health & Fitness iPad Apps iPhone Apps Keyboards Laptops Mice Monitors Phones Projectors Routers Scanners Security Software Smart Home Software Speakers Storage Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearables Editors' Choice Printers All Reviews Best Picks Best Picks Best Android Apps Best Antivirus Software Best Cameras Best Desktops Under $500 Best Drones Best Fitness Trackers Best Hard Drives Best iPhone Apps Best iPhone Cases Best Laptops Best Monitors Best Password Managers Best PC Games Best Phones Best Printers Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Tablets Best Wireless Routers Editors' Choice All Categories How-To How-To All Categories How to Block a Number on Any Phone How to Build a Computer How to Build Your Smart Home How to Clear Cache How to Connect Your iPhone to Your TV How to Create an Anonymous Email Account How to Create an App How to Edit a PDF How to Get iOS 10 How to Hack Wi-Fi Passwords How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan How to Take a Screenshot How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router How to Use Apple Pay News News All News Fastest ISPS Features Readers' Choice Business Choice Opinions Fastest Mobile Networks Tips Tips All Tips Tips to Speed Up Windows Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Android Marshmallow Tips Apple TV Tips Chrome Tips Chromecast Tips Facebook Tips Fitbit Tips Gmail Tips Google Drive Tips Google Search Tips Netflix Binge Watching Tips Roku Tips WiFi Booster Tips Yahoo Mail Tips Business Business All Categories Business Software Index Enterprise Small Business Startup Spotlight Explore Accounting & Taxes Back Best Expense Report Software 2016 Best Online Accounting Services 2016 Best Online Tax Preparation Software 2016 FreshBooks QuickBooks Online Plus TaxACT Online Plus Review TurboTax 2016 Review Antivirus, Safety & Security Back Avast Free Antivirus AVG Avira Best SaaS Endpoint Protection Software 2016 Best Security Suites 2016 Bitdefender Antivirus Plus Review 2016 Free Antivirus Kaspersky Antivirus Kaspersky Internet Security McAfee Symantec Norton Security Premium Review Webroot SecureAnywhere AntiVirus Review 2016 Windows Defender Browsers & Operating Systems Back Chrome Firefox Internet Explorer 11 macOS Sierra Beta Opera Microsoft Edge Tor Browser Windows 10 Business & Office Back Agiloft Review Best Application Performance Management Tools 2016 Best Asset Management Services 2016 Best Contract Management Software 2016 Best CRM Software of 2016 Best Email Marketing Software 2016 Best Help Desk Software 2016 Best HR Software & Management Systems of 2016 Best Idea Management Software 2016 Best Membership Management Software 2016 Best Network Monitoring Software 2016 Best Online Collaboration Software 2016 Best Online Survey Tools 2016 Best Project Management Software of 2016 Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools 2016 Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools 2016 Best Video Conferencing Services 2016 Campaign Monitor Review What is Cloud Computing? Constant Contact Review Join.Me Review LiquidPlanner Review Microsoft Office 2016 Review Microsoft Office For Mac Review Microsoft Office 365 Review Vivantio Pro Review Wrike Review Zoho Projects Review Cameras & Photo/Video Editing Back Best Action Cameras of 2016 Best Digital Cameras of 2016 Best Photo Scanners 2016 Best Scanners of 2016 Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts GoPro Hero 4 Silver Mirrorless Camera Photoshop Elements Underwater Camera Video Editing Software Carriers & Providers Back Boost Mobile Dish Network Metro PCS Safelink Straight Talk Cases & Covers Back Best iPhone 6 Plus Cases Best iPhone SE Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Desktops Back Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Smart Home & Wearables Back Apple Watch Bands Best Smart Home Security Systems 2016 Best Smartwatches 2016 Best Home Security Cameras 2016 Doorbell Camera Fitbit Alta Fitbit Blaze Fitbit Surge Garmin Vivoactive Garmin Vivosmart HR IFTTT Nest Cam Roomba SimpliSafe Trackr DNA Testing Back 23andMe AncestryDNA Drones Back Best Drones Drone Regulations Ebooks Back The Best eReaders of 2016 How to Get Free eBooks Kindle Oasis Kindle Paperwhite Education Back Absorb LMS Review Best Language-Learning Software 2016 Best LMS of 2016 Grovo LMS Review Lynda Udemy Games Back Android Games iPhone Games Nintendo 3DS Games PC Games PS4 Games Xbox One Games Wii U Games Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup Back Amazon Cloud Drive Review Best Cloud Storage & Syncing Best External Hard Drives 2016 Dropbox Review Eero Review IDrive Review Microsoft Onedrive Review Headphones Back Beats Headphones Beats Solo 2 Best Bluetooth Headphones Best Bluetooth Headsets Best Bluetooth Speakers Best Headphones 2016 Best In-Ear Headphones 2016 Best Noise-Canceling Headphones 2016 Bluetooth Headset Reviews Jaybird X2 Powerbeats2 Wireless Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers Back Best Business Monitors 2016 Best Computer Mice 2016 Best Computer Monitors 2016 Best Computer Speakers 2016 Best Gaming Keyboards of 2016 Best Gaming Monitors 2016 Best Keyboards 2016 Best Wireless Speakers 2016 Bose Soundlink JBL Flip 3 Laptops Back Best Budget Laptops 2016 Best Business Laptops 2016 Best Chromebooks 2016 Best Dell Laptops Best Gaming Laptops of 2016 Best Laptops Best Laptops for College Students Best Laptops Under $500 Best Lenovo Laptops 2016 Dell XPS 13 Dell XPS 15 Printers Back 3D Printer Best Inkjet Printers 2016 Best Laser Printers 2016 Best Wireless Printers 2016 Printers Search & Shopping Back Amazon Prime Cost Amazon Prime Now Amazon Prime Pantry Bing Square Cash App Google Search Tips Google Wallet Shows, Events & Holiday Back Back to School Tech E3 Fathers Day Holiday Gift Guide Tech News Phones Back Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Best Android Phone Best Unlocked Phones Droid Maxx 2 CDMA vs. GSM Huawei Honor 5X HTC Desire 626 Huawei P8 Lite iPhone 6 vs. 6s Nokia Lumia Samsung Galaxy J3 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung J7 Samsung S7 Sony Xperia Tablets Back Best Android Tablets 2016 Best Tablets of 2016 Best Windows Tablets iPad iPad Mini 4 Surface Pro TVs & Streaming Media Back Amazon Prime Video Amazon Fire Stick Best Media Streaming Devices of 2016 Best Podcasts Best Projectors 2016 Best TVs of 2016 Chromecast Google Play Music Hulu MP3 Netflix Pandora Radio Playstation Vue Roku 2 Roku Streaming Stick Slacker Radio Spotify Utilities Back Adobe Acrobat Pro Advanced SystemCare Best Password Managers for 2016 Best Tune-Up Utilities 2016 Download YouTube Evernote (Web) Google Image Search Iolo System Mechanic 15.5 Review LastPass Never10 SlimWare Utilities SlimCleaner Plus Review Virtual Reality Back Oculus Rift The Best VR Headset VoIP Back Best VoIP Services 2016 RingCentral Office (for Business) Review Vonage Review VPN Back Best VPN Services 2016 Best Free VPN Hotspot Shield NordVPN Review Private Internet Access Web Hosting Back 1&1 Web Hosting Review Best Cheap Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Shared Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Small Business Web Hosting Services 2016 Best VPS Web Hosting Services for 2016 Bluehost Review Dreamhost Web Hosting Review Hostgator Review Hostwinds Web Hosting Review InMotion Web Hosting Review Coupons Subscribe Nav_Assets Search for Arrow_Path WalmartBlackFriday SnapchatSpectacles NESClassic SuperMoon ZuckerbergFakeNews Home/ Business/ Tim Cook on Trump Win: 'Move Forward Together' Tim Cook on Trump Win: 'Move Forward Together' By Stephanie Mlot November 10, 2016 09:53am EST 10 Comments Mark Zuckerberg and Satya Nadella also weighed in on Trump's win, though none of the CEOs mentioned him by name. In the wake of Donald Trump's election, Apple CEO Tim Cook this week sent an email to employees calling for a united front moving forward. "Regardless of which candidate each of us supported as individuals, the only way to move forward is to move forward together," Cook wrote. "While there is discussion today about uncertainties ahead, you can be confident that Apple's North Star hasn't changed," he continued. "Our company is open to all, and we celebrate the diversity of our team here in the United States and around the world—regardless of what they look like, where they come from, how they worship, or who they love." Apple and the President-elect have had a rocky relationship. Trump once called for his followers to boycott Apple (while tweeting from an iPhone), while Cook & Co. refused to back the Republican party during its July convention in Ohio. Microsoft chief Satya Nadella also weighed in on LinkedIn, congratulating Trump while reiterating that Redmond's "commitment to our mission and values are steadfast, and in particular fostering a diverse and inclusive culture." He then pointed readers to a blog post from Microsoft's chief legal officer, which lays out the company's policy priorities going forward. Neither CEO mentioned Trump by name in their notes, nor did Mark Zuckerberg, who penned a public Facebook post about Election Day. "Last night was Max's first election," Zuckerberg wrote next to an image of himself holding his 11-month-old daughter while watching the returns roll in. Now, "the work ahead of us to create a world we want for our children." "The most important opportunities of Max's generation—like curing all disease, improving education, connecting everyone, and promoting equal opportunity—will take long-term focus and finding new ways for all of us to work together, sometimes over decades," Zuckerberg continued. "This work is bigger than any presidency and progress does not move in a straight line," he wrote, reminding readers that "we have the responsibility" to make the world better, and encouraging them to "go work even harder." Some might say the same of Facebook, which has been criticized for its spread of misinformation during the year-long presidential campaign. Following allegations that it regularly suppresses politically conservative news stories, the company in August transitioned from a human-curated trending news section to an algorithm-based system. Three days later, fake stories began appearing, claiming that Fox News anchor Megyn Kelly was on the chopping block for supporting Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton, or that planted bombs—not terrorists—were responsible for the Sept. 11, 2001 collapse of the World Trade Center. Facebook acknowledged the social network's blunders and outlined a plan to display more "meaningful" content, all the while reminding the world that it is "not a media company." //Related Articles Canadian Immigration Site Overwhelmed After Trump Victory Facebook did not immediately respond to PCMag's request for comment. But a spokeswoman told Bloomberg that "While Facebook played a part in this election, it was just one of many ways people received their information—and was one of the many ways people connected with their leaders, engaged in the political process, and shared their views." Still, Facebook and Twitter—which says the second presidential debate was most tweeted debate ever—are integral pieces of any modern political platform, and the 2016 election was a prime example. The Pew Research Center recently suggested that 20 percent of social media users modified their stance on a social or political issue because of something they saw on a social media site. Another 17 percent said social media helped change their views about a specific candidate. Back to top Previous : Smart Farms: Big Data Meets Big Ag By Stephanie Mlot Stephanie began as a PCMag reporter in May 2012. She moved to New York City from Frederick, Md., where she worked for four years as a multimedia reporter at the second-largest daily newspaper in Maryland. She interned at Baltimore magazine and graduated from Indiana University of Pennsylvania (in the town of Indiana, in the state of Pennsylvania) with a degree in journalism and mass communications. More » More Stories by Stephanie Explore the Red Planet in 'The Martian VR Experience' The $27 virtual reality game launches on Nov. 15 for PlayStation VR and HTC Vive. More » Google Play Music Serves Up Tunes With Machine Learning Subscribers can tap into 'richer' recommendations, a fresh user interface, and offline playlists. More » Samsung Eyes Car Market With $8B Harman Buy The transaction, expected to close in mid-2017, will give Samsung a leg up in the connected car mark... More » See More + Comments Login or Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus //Most Popular Articles 7 Things Not to Buy Before Black Friday Everything Coming to Netflix in November What Is USB-C? An Explainer MacBook Pro 2016: Should You Upgrade? How to Launch Windows Without Entering a Password 7 Games You'll Want to Buy in November »See More //Discover... The Biggest Software Flops of All Time The Eerie World of Abandoned Arcade Games TV Shows to Watch if You Love 'Stranger Things' »See More About Connect Ziff Davis Sites Subscribe Social About Us Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement PCMag Digital Edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Encyclopedia Contact Us AskMen Computer Shopper ExtremeTech Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com PC/Mac Apple iOS Amazon Kindle Google Android Customer Service SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram © 1996-2016 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. unused
Home About Contact Us     Menu Skip to content Featured News Tiny Tip Downloads Gadgets iPhone Android Reviews Windows 7 Windows 8 Windows 10 Tutorials TimePass Menu Featured News Tiny Tip Downloads Gadgets iPhone Android Reviews Windows 7 Windows 8 Windows 10 Tutorials TimePass You are here: Home >> News >> Get MacBook Pro’s TouchBar on iPad With This Nifty Hack Get MacBook Pro’s TouchBar on iPad With This Nifty Hack Get hold of MacBook Pro's TouchBar on any Mac by using an iPad. The app needs to be sideloaded on both MacBook and iPad to start working. by: Mahit Huilgol   Updated on November 10th, 2016   News Tech   Get hold of MacBook Pro's TouchBar on any Mac by using an iPad. The app needs to be sideloaded on both MacBook and iPad to start working.   Recomended MacBook Air vs iPad: Which One Will Win the Consumers Wallet?   Phil Schiller Claims that 2016 MacBook Pro Has Recieved the Highest Ever Pre-Orders   Best Apple Black Friday Deals for iPad, MacBook Pro, MacBook Air and iMac   The rumor mills had been going gaga over the possibility of a TouchBar in the new MacBook Pro and in line with the rumors Apple finally introduced the MacBook Pro with a TouchBar that replaced the earlier function key. Also, Apple ditched some of the quintessential features like the HDMI, SD card slot and MagSafe on the new Pro, much to the dismay of the users. The TouchBar has been a fascinating feature on the MacBook Pro and it seems that some developers were hell bent on ushering the same experience on iPad’s, and well it seems that they have succeeded in their own capacity. The Touch Bar Demo App is essentially a hack that brings the TouchBar to older Macs with the help on an iPad. Since iPad has a touchscreen one can experience the closest to the actual Touch Bar. The bar will also dynamically change depending on the applications you have opened and it works on any Mac running the latest macOS or even the iMac and the Mac Pro’s. In order to get going with the TouchBar ensure that your MacBook is running the latest macOS Sierra build version 10.12.1. 16B2657 which natively supports the touch bar. Now all you need to do is head over to the Touch Bar Demo App’s GitHub Page and download the application, yes it is that simple no unnecessary fiddling around. Moving on, installing the app on the iPad is slightly complicated as the OS doesn’t support the Touch Bar natively. In order to get the feature, you need to have Xcode installed and then download the ToucBar Xcode project file from the GitHub repo and sideload the application. Once installed launch the application and Voila! Your iPad now has the TouchBar up and running. The last step involves setting up the display to work with the iPad via USB. Source: TheVerge Tags: Apple MacBook Pro , TouchBar Also Read:   Mahit Huilgol Senior Author Mahit Huilgol is a Mechanical Engineering graduate and is a Technology and Automobile aficionado. He ditched the Corporate boardroom wars in the favor for technology battle ground. Also a foodie by heart and loves both the edible chips and the non-edible silicon chips.   Follow @Mahit Huilgol           Subscribe to TechPP Subscribe to our email newsletter for useful tips and valuable resources. Choose your preference below. Popular Posts Track Your Lost or Stolen Camera Online How to Identify and Run a File with an Unknown Extension The Ultimate Guide to Google Photos [How to] Buy a Laptop: Detailed Guide Top 10 Dropbox Alternatives to Securely Sync and Share Files Online 5 Cool Tools to Block Distracting Websites How to Make Sure Important Emails Don’t End up in Spam The Best Screen Sharing Tools for Windows, Mac & Mobiles 15+ Tips & Tricks to Use Evernote Like a Pro         Copyright 2016 Technology Personalized Archives Follow us         8shares 3 0 3 0 0 2 0 0 0 Send this to friendYour emailRecipient email SendCancel
← → 0 Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums View Full Site Ars Technica Ars Technica UK Dark on light Light on dark Log in Register Forgot your password? Resend activation e-mail Law & Disorder / Civilization & Discontents Google responds in EU antitrust case: “Android hasn’t hurt competition” Search giant faces $7.4 billion fine if found to have blocked competitors in the market. by Jennifer Baker (UK) - Nov 10, 2016 2:41 pm UTC Login to bookmark 89 Illustration by Aurich Lawson Google—as expected—has dismissed the European Commission's charge that the ad giant abused Android’s dominance to block its competitors in the market. The company is accused of using Android’s position as the dominant smartphone operating system in Europe to force manufacturers to pre-install Google services while locking out competitors. Competition commissioner Margrethe Vestager sent a so-called Statement of Objections to Google in April. On Thursday, the multinational corporation defended its position and spoke of the open source nature of the Android operating system. It also compared a typical Android smartphone to rivals Apple and Microsoft. According to Google, 39 out of 39 pre-installed apps are from Apple on iPhone 7, and 39 out of 47 pre-installed apps on the Microsoft Lumia 550 are from Microsoft. In a blog post on Thursday, Google general counsel Kent Walker said: "The response we filed today shows how the Android ecosystem carefully balances the interests of users, developers, hardware makers, and mobile network operators. Android hasn’t hurt competition, it’s expanded it." The 100-plus page response to the commission focuses on metrics in an attempt to add weight to the claim that it hasn't abused any competitive advantage. Walker said: The commission’s case is based on the idea that Android doesn’t compete with Apple’s iOS. We don’t see it that way. In fact, 89 percent of respondents to the commission’s own market survey confirmed that Android and Apple compete. To ignore competition with Apple is to miss the defining feature of today’s competitive smartphone landscape. Walker claimed that possible remedies to resolve the case could create fragmentation in the mobile ecosystem. "The commission’s preliminary findings underestimate the importance of developers," he said. Walker continued: The commission argues that we shouldn’t offer some Google apps as part of a suite. No manufacturer is obliged to preload any Google apps on an Android phone. But we do offer manufacturers a suite of apps so that when you buy a new phone, you can access a familiar set of basic services. Android’s competitors, including Apple’s iPhone and Microsoft’s Windows phone, not only do the same, but they allow much less choice. Vestager can fine the search behemoth up to 10 percent of its global turnover—around $7.4 billion (£5.9 billion)—if she finds Google guilty of wrongdoing. Google is currently appealing against a similar case in Russia after authorities fined the company approximately 438 million rubles  ($6.8 million, £5.25 million) in an almost identical Android antitrust case earlier this year. Yandex, Russia's biggest search engine and the main complainant in that case, is also one of four complainants in the EU case. Google rivals Microsoft, Nokia, and Oracle—under the Fairsearch umbrella organisation—lodged the first complaint against Android in 2013. Fairsearch said in a statement to Ars: Google says there's no problem because Android is 'open.' The truth is that Android is today a closed operating system, and any claim to the contrary is disingenuous. Any manufacturer or network operator seeking to differentiate its devices or services is prevented from doing so by the web of Google's contractual restrictions. Google imposes severe sanctions on those who defy its insistence on conformity. For example, a phone maker that offers even a few phones that do not comply with Google's straitjacket faces a cut-off from all of Google’s branded products. US ad-blocking firm Disconnect and Aptoide, a rival Portuguese Android app store, have also complained. None had responded to requests for comment from Ars at time of publication. Google separately faces antitrust charges on favouring its own search services and price comparison offerings over those of its rivals and for allegedly breaching competition rules with its mammoth ad business. Last week, Google rebuffed both of those charges. This post originated on Ars Technica UK Expand full story Reader comments 89 You must login or create an account to comment. Share - Tweet Email Google - Reddit - Jennifer Baker / Jennifer Baker has been a journalist for nearly 20 years, the last eight specialising in EU tech policy and legislation. She likes good books, bad films, and is slightly obsessed with data protection law.  ← Older Story Newer Story →  You May Also Like WIRED Media: Ars Technica and WIRED © 2016 Condé Nast. All rights reserved Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012) Your California Privacy Rights The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
Skip to content Satellite Press Releases Satellite Press Releases and News Parallels Mac Management 5.0 for Microsoft SCCM Adds Apple Device Enrollment Program (DEP), Ability to Collect Inventory on Demand, Client Push Configuration and More Parallels Mac Management 5.0 for Microsoft SCCM is Now the Only IT Solution to Integrate Apple DEP with Microsoft SCCM for Mac Integration BELLEVUE, Wash.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Parallels® today unveiled Parallels Mac Management 5.0 for Microsoft® System Center Configuration Manager (SCCM) (www.parallels.com/mac-management), which extends Microsoft SCCM (www.microsoft.com/sccm) functionality, offering the easiest and most cost-effective solution to manage and control both PC and Mac® computers with ease through one pane of glass. Parallels Mac Management 5.0 for Microsoft SCCM now supports the Apple Device Enrollment Program (DEP) enabling businesses to seamlessly set up and provision new Mac computers for their employees. Apple DEP allows IT managers to configure devices without touching them, while the setup experience is streamlined and simplified for end users. “Today’s businesses are OS agnostic, and managing both Mac and PC using different tools can be challenging, so it is crucial that we make it as simple and easy to use as possible for IT admins,” said Jack Zubarev, Parallels president. “Supporting Apple DEP continues to show our ability at Parallels to cater to both sides of the OS world between Microsoft and Apple, further bringing them together.” The addition of the Apple DEP is not the only update that helps streamline and centralize enterprise IT operations. The latest update also features support for macOS Sierra and Microsoft SCCM 1610, and Windows Server 2016 with new Mac admin tools for IT managers, which improve deployment processes and device management. Other new tools to help IT admins include new script commands, a Mac Client push installation and inventory collection. Parallels Mac Management 5.0 for Microsoft SCCM empowers IT administrators and system architects, as well as CIOs, to quickly and cost-effectively extend their current Microsoft SCCM infrastructure to control Mac and PC computers through one interface. IT departments can customize the options based on demand, without the significant time and expense of an additional infrastructure. The update enhances the simple and powerful plug-in, providing features for planning hardware refresh cycles accurately, and empowers IT administrators to easily make their Mac computers more secure using advanced encryption techniques. Parallels Mac Management 5.0 for Microsoft SCCM Features: Apple Device Enrollment Program (DEP) Support In combination with a unique integration with Microsoft SCCM, support for Apple DEP enables IT managers to seamlessly set up and provision new Mac computers IT admins can enroll devices without touching a computer, streamlining deployment and simplifying setup experience for users New Mac Admin Tools Execute Script Command allows IT managers to send commands or scripts to select Macs Parallels Mac Client Push Installation can be used as an alternative means to deploy the client and enroll Mac into Microsoft SCCM Inventory Collection on Request enables IT administrators to collect hardware and software inventory to see changes without waiting for a scheduled inventory polling cycle to occur Availability and Pricing Parallels Mac Management 5.0 is available on Nov. 10 for $30 annually per Mac. About Parallels Parallels, a global leader in cross-platform solutions, makes it simple for customers to use and access the applications and files they need on any device or operating system. We help businesses and individuals to securely and productively use their favorite devices and preferred technology, whether it’s Windows®, Mac®, iOS, Android™, Chromebook or the Cloud. Our solutions enable seamless delivery of virtual desktops and applications to any device, running Windows on a Mac, Mac management with Microsoft SCCM, and remote access to PCs and Macs from any device. Parallels has offices in North America, Europe, Australia and Asia. Visit www.parallels.com/about for more information. Parallels and the Parallels logo are registered trademarks of Parallels International GmbH in the United States and/or other countries. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. Contacts Parallels John Uppendahl, +1-425-282-1734 Vice President of Communications john@parallels.com or Cohn & Wolfe Ryan Donough, +1-415-403-8311 ryan.donough@cohnwolfe.com satprnews.com Author RSS ImportPosted on November 10, 2016Categories Uncategorized Post navigation Previous Previous post: IIROC Trade Resumption / L'OCRCVM permet la reprise de la negociation – NIR Next Next post: MEDIA ADVISORY: Michael E. Fox, Sr. Wins 2016 Legends Achievement Award Search for: Search Recent Posts Which Skills May Be Going By the Wayside for Men? Philadelphia Media Networks Shuffles Editors Cascade Lacrosse, Maverik Lacrosse Announce New NCAA Partner Schools Green Mountain College is Named Number-One College for Sustainability, Recognized for Top Curriculum Human-Machine Teams: Lockheed Martin UAS and Optionally-Piloted Helicopters Validate Firefighting and Search-and-Rescue Capabilities Recent Comments Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 November 2013 September 2013 June 2013 March 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 July 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 April 2010 March 2010 August 2009 January 1970 Categories Satellite Space Flights Uncategorized VSAT Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Partners TS2 Space Space Flights .news Satellite Press Releases Proudly powered by WordPress
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 Black Friday CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iPad Air 2 iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS Sierra Retina MacBook tvOS 10 watchOS 3 Buyer's Guide Forums iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s Retina MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air Black Friday Apple VR Project iMac iPad Air 2 Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > Apple TV Universal Search Now Includes MUBI, Hopster, and CW Seed Thursday November 10, 2016 6:45 AM PST by Mitchel Broussard Apple recently expanded the universal search feature on its fourth-generation Apple TV to include MUBI, Hopster, and CW Seed. MUBI's universal search functionality has been added in the United States, Australia, Canada, and the United Kingdom, while Hopster has been added in Australia, Canada, and the United Kingdom. Additionally, only users in the U.S. can take advantage of having CW Seed in universal search. For those unfamiliar, MUBI is a $5.99 per month service that gives subscribers a new film every day, with up to a month to watch it, "so there will always be 30 extraordinary films" for users to watch each time they open the app. Hopster is also a straight-forward $4.99 per month streaming service, aimed at providing "safe and ad-free" entertainment for kids. The CW Seed app is an offshoot of the main CW network, and is home to shorter digital series, as well as older shows like Pushing Daisies and V, but it doesn't include currently-running CW series, which are housed in the main app for The CW. With these apps added, users will now receive content updates from each service within relevant universal search prompts. Universal search lets Apple TV users conduct Siri voice searches or text-based searches to find TV shows and movies across any app supporting the feature. When the Apple TV launched, not many apps were included in universal search, but Apple has slowly been expanding its reach ever since. The current list of all apps supported in universal search, broken down by countries, can be found here. Related Roundups: Apple TV, tvOS 10 Buyer's Guide: Apple TV (Caution) 6 comments Upcoming iMac Early 2017 Updated models with AMD graphics options expected in early 2017. iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 New glass-backed design rumored to lose the Home button. Front Page Stories Next Year's iPhones to Include 4.7" LCD Model With Single Camera, 5.5" LCD and OLED Models With Dual Cameras 1 hour ago on Front Page Apple will release a trio of new iPhones next year, according to a new research note from KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo. Kuo believes Apple will launch a 4.7-inch model with a single-lens... 96 comments 15-Inch MacBook Pro With Touch Bar Has Non-Removable SSD 3 hours ago on Front Page While the new entry-level 13-inch MacBook Pro with function keys has a removable SSD, the same cannot be said for the Touch Bar model. MacRumors reader Jesse D. unscrewed the bottom lid on his... 372 comments Apple Releases $200+ Photo Book Called 'Designed by Apple in California' 5 hours ago on Front Page Apple today announced the release of a new hardbound photo book, called "Designed by Apple in California," that chronicles 20 years of Apple product designs through 450 photographs. The book... 296 comments Apple Testing Augmented Reality 'Smart Glasses' That Connect to iPhone 17 hours ago on Front Page As part of its effort to expand further into wearable devices, Apple is working on a set of smart glasses, reports Bloomberg. Citing sources familiar with Apple's plans, the site says the smart... 218 comments Apple Highlights Mac Apps Updated With Support for MacBook Pro Touch Bar 20 hours ago on Front Page As the new MacBook Pro models with Touch Bar begin arriving to customers, Apple has updated the Mac App Store with a featured section highlighting a selection of Mac apps that have been updated with... 94 comments What's New in iOS 10.2 Beta 3: TV App Updates, SOS and Videos App Removed 21 hours ago on Front Page Apple today seeded the third beta of iOS 10.2 to developers, introducing some notable improvements to the new "TV" app that was introduced in the second iOS 10.2 beta. As can be seen in... 73 comments New MacBook Pro's Dedicated AMD Graphics Chips Are 'Significantly' Faster and Support Dual 5K Displays 1 day ago on Front Page Apple dropped Intel's integrated Iris Pro graphics in favor of dedicated AMD graphics across its entire new 15-inch MacBook Pro lineup, resulting in performance improvements over previous models.... 233 comments Apple Seeds Third macOS Sierra 10.12.2 Beta to Developers [Update: Public Beta Available] 1 day ago on Front Page Apple today seeded the third beta of the upcoming macOS Sierra 10.12.2 update to developers, one week after releasing the second 10.12.2 beta and three weeks following the public release of macOS... 29 comments • Apple Seeds Third Beta of iOS 10.2 to Developers [Update: Public Beta Available] (63) • Phil Schiller Says Apple Tested and Rejected Touch Screen Macs, Finding It 'Absurd' on a Desktop (588) • First Customers Begin to Receive New MacBook Pro With Touch Bar (93) • iPhone 7 Demand Has 'Peaked' as Shipments Forecasted to Decline Significantly Over Next Two Months (92) • New MacBook Pro Reviews Mixed as Touch Bar Called Everything From 'Useful' to 'Gimmick' (274) • Revamped Google Play Music Streams Content Based on User Location, Activity, and Time of Day (48) • Touch Bar MacBook Pro Orders Begin Shipping to Customers (269)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Husain Sumra Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade Upcoming 'Race Control Director' Puts You on the Other Side of Racing Zen Studios Teases 'Bethesda Pinball' Nintendo Reveals 'Super Mario Run' Release Date and Price We're Streaming iOS Games Live on Mobcrush [Offline] 'BATMAN - The Telltale Series' Episode 3 Review: Sorry Bruce, the New World Order Sucks 'RETSNOM' Developer Releases Pixelated Point-and-Click Hacking Game 'Replica: A Little Temporary Safety' on iOS AppShopper Apple Announces New iPhone 6s with 3D Touch Apple Announces iPad Pro with 12.9-inch Retina Display Apple Announces iOS 9, Bringing Split-Screen Multi-tasking to iPad Apple Announces Mac OS X 10.11 'El Capitan' Apple Watch Pre-Orders to Open on April 10, Available Starting on April 24 Apple Announces New 12-inch MacBook with Retina Display Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
iDownloadBlog Home Jailbreak How to Jailbreak Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Cydia Unlock How to Unlock Unlock News iPhone iPhone News iPhone 6s iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6 iPhone Photography iPad iPad News iPad Air iPad mini Watch Apple Watch Guide Mac Mac Mac Apps Mac Tips TV Apple TV guide Apps iOS Apps Mac Apps Widgets Best Apps App Finder Tips Tips How to Tutorial iPhone Photography Download Deals Daily Deals: $40 off RAVPower battery pack, $270 off 13-inch MacBook Pro,... Black Friday Mac Bundle: 9 top-rated apps available at 94% off today... 7 USB-C cables you might need for your new MacBook Pro How to try out the new MacBook Pro Touch Bar on any...   skip to main content skip to main menu     Refurbished 9.7-inch iPad Pro now available in Apple’s online store By Christian Zibreg, Nov 10, 2016 Tweet 3 Comments Two days after it started selling refurbished iPhones through its online store, Apple has now added the 9.7-inch iPad Pro to the Special Deals section at Apple.com. Refurbished 12.9-inch iPad Pros are available as well. Prices of refurbished 9.7-inch iPad Pros range from $509 for a 32GB Wi-Fi model, a saving of $90, to $789 for a 256GB Wi-Fi + Cellular version, a $140 savings. You’re advised to take action now if you’ve been on the lookout for discounted iPads. You can now get a good as new 9.7-inch iPad Pro for 15% off from the refurbished Apple store. These discounted items typically fly off the shelves within days or hours so it probably won’t be long before 9.7-inch iPad Pros start showing as out of stock. Prices of refurbished 12.9-inch iPad Pros range from $679 for a 32GB Wi-Fi-only model to $869 for a 128GB Wi-Fi + Cellular version. All iPad Pro refurbs are currently available in Silver, Space Gray, Gold and Rose Gold finishes. All used products Apple sells have undergone a rigorous refurbishment process to make them good as new. Every refurbished item comes with Apple’s 1-year limited warranty, but you have the option of purchasing AppleCare to extend your coverage further. Source: Apple Share: Tweet Follow: Follow @iDownloadBlog We Recommend iPad refresh could include a bezel-free 10.9-inch model Alleged A10X Fusion benchmark suggests 20+ percent faster CPU in 2017 iPads Report: new iPad mini Pro, 10.1″ iPad Pro & updated 12.9″ model due in Spring 2017 New Surface Pro 4 ad calls MacBook Air “less useful, like a hat for your cat” Related Topics Apple, iPad, iPad Pro, News, Refurbished, Retail george Waste of money, way better deals on eBay. Galaxy_Surfer_007 LOL! Way better scams on eBay, too! And, try getting a legitimate Apple Care warranty on them! Templar Apple care sucks anyways   Search Connect with iDownloadBlog Facebook Become a fan RSS Get the latest news YouTube Watch Us Twitter Stay up to date Newsletter News delivered to you Google+ Add us to your circle   The most recent headlines Super Mario Run is coming to iPhone and iPad on December 15 WhatsApp rolls out end-to-end encrypted video calling Pixelmator for Mac gains Touch Bar and P3 color support, tabs, full Sierra compatibility & more Apple unveils hardbound photo book chronicling 20 years of product designs Try out the new Touch Bar on any Mac with Touché   The latest jailbreak news Jailbreak tweaks of the week: EmojiSuggest, PasswordRecovery, & more… EmojiSuggest brings iOS 10-like emoji suggestions to the predictive keyboard WiJoin lets you know what Wi-Fi network you’re connected to PasswordRecovery stores passwords and recovers them when you forget them NCTextColor lets you add vibrancy to Notification Center iDownloadBlog           iDownloadblog.com About About Advertise Contact Keep in Touch Twitter Facebook RSS Feed Newsletter Push Notifications Podcasts Let's Talk iOS Let's Talk Jailbreak Site Stuff Disclosure Privacy Policy   Copyright iDownloadBlog 2016. This website is not affiliated with Apple.
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Comment: Apple selling a $79 MacBook Pro power adapter without a USB-C cable is a step too far Trending in Apple Review: Late-2016 13-inch MacBook Pro without Touch Bar [Video] Trending in Apple All the dongles I bought for my new USB-C 2016 MacBook Pro — how annoying will it really be? Trending in Apple How Apple’s stock apps will use the Touch Bar on the new MacBook Pro [Gallery] Trending in Apple Opinion: How long before an iPhone completely replaces standalone cameras? Trending in Apple Poll: What is your view of the all-USB-C ports on the new MacBook Pro? November 10 AAPL: 107.79 -3.09 Apple shares 2016 holiday gift guide, featuring iPhone photography, music accessories and more Benjamin Mayo - 5 days ago @bzamayo iPhone 7 View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Apple has released its holiday gift guide for 2016, including a variety of accessories for its core products: iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. The list of recommendations is more focused than the vast 2015 guide, presenting four collections: music, photography, games, and a general Apple products category. The primary category only features Apple’s first-party products, like Apple Watch bands, iPhone cases, Beats headphones and Apple Pencil for iPad Pro. The music, photography and toy collections recommend a selection of third-party accessories … The ‘Apple gifts’ collection leads with iPhone 7 and accompany cases; the Leather Case and the Smart Battery Case. It also prominently shows off the Apple Watch with nylon bands, the iPad Pro plus keyboard cover and Apple Pencil, the 12-inch MacBook and Apple TV. For music lovers, Apple recommends Beats Solo3 headphones, a ROLI Lightpad Block, two types of SONOS wireless speakers which integrate Apple Music streaming and the Ultimate Ears BOOM wireless speaker as an on-the-go alternative. It also includes the recently-released Powerbeats 3, Apple’s latest earbuds with the W1 chip. The photography gift collection revolves around accessories that enhance the iPhone 7’s camera, like the Manfrotto TwistGrip tripod mount and DJI OSMO mobile Gimbal, as well as the DJI Mavic Pro Drone for aerial photography. ‘Games & Toys’ focuses on products for younger audience, which Apple describes as “this year’s most innovative toys”. The chosen items all work in combination with an iPad or iPhone in some way. For example, the Play-Doh Touch attaches to the back of an iPad and comes with an app to drive the experience. Apple also suggests some ‘toy’ gadgets for adults like the BB-8 droid, Parrot Swing Minidrone and a SteelSerius Nimbus MFI gamepad to enhance the iOS gameplay experience. Several of the items listed are available ‘only at Apple’ although most are widely available from any retailer, so it’s worth shopping around for the best deals. Apple is offering free two-day delivery on in-stock items purchased by 5.00 pm or you can buy items for in-store pickup, depending on availability. Guides iPhone 7 Apple's iPhone 7 and 7 Plus were announced on 7th September 2016 View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
Ireland will bring the fight over Apple taxes all the way to the - News9.com - Oklahoma City, OK - News, Weather, Video and Sports | Oklahoma Headlines 9 Investigates Special Coverage My 2 Cents Politics Health About Your Retirement Strange News Submit News Tips Email Sign-Up Radars Weather In-Depth Current Temps News 9 Traffic Map Weather 101 Safety Tips Weather Community SKYCAMS Storm Zone News 9 Videos Watch CBS Shows VideoBytes Video Requests The Vault Latest Recipes By Type By Specialty Sign Up For Recipe Emails Main Holiday Helper Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Text & Win Concept Home Food For Kids TV Schedules Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCH Select a Topic: Personal Finance Business Small Business Money home Print Ireland will bring the fight over Apple taxes all the way to the EU Court Updated: Thursday, November 10, 2016 9:09 AM EST © Apple From Digital TrendsMore>> China to Trump: Don’t be ‘naive,’ or iPhone sales could suffer China to Trump: Don’t be ‘naive,’ or iPhone sales could suffer China is taking a stance against Trump. In a piece published Monday by the state-run Global Times, the newspaper said that the incoming U.S. president would be "naive" to engage in a trade war with China. More >> China is taking a stance against Trump. In a piece published Monday by the state-run Global Times, the newspaper said that the incoming U.S. president would be "naive" to engage in a trade war with China.More >> A wannabe weatherman allegedly started a wildfire to boost Facebook views A wannabe weatherman allegedly started a wildfire to boost Facebook views A wannabe weatherman in Kentucky is alleged to have started a wildfire so he could report on it, apparently in the hope of driving more traffic to his Facebook page. He was recently arrested on a second-degree arson charge.More >> A wannabe weatherman in Kentucky is alleged to have started a wildfire so he could report on it, apparently in the hope of driving more traffic to his Facebook page. He was recently arrested on a second-degree arson charge.More >> A drone-delivered sausage could cost one Aussie guy $7,000 in fines A drone-delivered sausage could cost one Aussie guy $7,000 in fines A guy in Melbourne, Australia, may be hit with a hefty fine after he used a drone to deliver a cooked sausage to a friend. The nation's aviation agency came across a video of the stunt, and didn't much like the pilot's flying practices. More >> A guy in Melbourne, Australia, may be hit with a hefty fine after he used a drone to deliver a cooked sausage to a friend. The nation's aviation agency came across a video of the stunt, and didn't much like the pilot's flying practices.More >> Ireland will bring the fight over Apple taxes all the way to the EU Court Ireland will bring the fight over Apple taxes all the way to the EU Court It looks like the fight between Ireland, Apple, and the EU is only set to escalate -- Ireland is prepared to bring that fight to EU courts. An order from the European Commission states Ireland charge Apple $14.5 billion in back taxes. More >> It looks like the fight between Ireland, Apple, and the EU is only set to escalate -- Ireland is prepared to bring that fight to EU courts. An order from the European Commission states Ireland charge Apple $14.5 billion in back taxes.More >> Digital will lets people leave behind more than just their worldly possessions Digital will lets people leave behind more than just their worldly possessions A new smart will service from LegalZoom wants to offer customers the chance to create a document that doesn't just deal with property and savings, but the entirety of your digital legacy. More >> A new smart will service from LegalZoom wants to offer customers the chance to create a document that doesn't just deal with property and savings, but the entirety of your digital legacy.More >> Now you don't have to buy a fancy new car just to get Android Auto Now you don't have to buy a fancy new car just to get Android Auto A major new update for Android Auto, Google's in-car entertainment platform, negates the need for a fancy head unit or new car: supported phones and tablets now run the interface. More >> A major new update for Android Auto, Google's in-car entertainment platform, negates the need for a fancy head unit or new car: supported phones and tablets now run the interface.More >> California mom arrested for selling homemade food through Facebook California mom arrested for selling homemade food through Facebook A California mother of six could end up in jail for up to a year for selling homemade food on Facebook. The details surrounding Marina Ruelas' arrest, and that of her fellow social sellers, is even more fascinating than her crime. More >> A California mother of six could end up in jail for up to a year for selling homemade food on Facebook. The details surrounding Marina Ruelas' arrest, and that of her fellow social sellers, is even more fascinating than her crime.More >> Do you live in one of the 19 states that ban polling place photos? Do you live in one of the 19 states that ban polling place photos? That #ballotselfie could get you in trouble -- Taking a photo of your ballot is only legal in 19 states (and Washington D.C.), despite ongoing lawsuits. Do you live in a state that bans ballot photography?More >> That #ballotselfie could get you in trouble -- Taking a photo of your ballot is only legal in 19 states (and Washington D.C.), despite ongoing lawsuits. Do you live in a state that bans ballot photography?More >> You can’t vote in the U.S. election by text, despite what Twitter ‘ads’ may say You can’t vote in the U.S. election by text, despite what Twitter ‘ads’ may say If you think you’ve already got your vote in for Hillary Clinton after texting it, then think again. More >> If you think you’ve already got your vote in for Hillary Clinton after texting it, then think again.More >> White House making push to rev up charging infrastructure for EVs White House making push to rev up charging infrastructure for EVs The Obama administration has just announced comprehensive support for the shift to electric vehicles (EVs). In a White House press release the administration committed to steps that will reduce the United States’ dependence on oil, increase access to clean energy, and fight climate change by supporting EV deployment and the necessary charging infrastructure. More >> The Obama administration has just announced comprehensive support for the shift to electric vehicles (EVs). In a White House press release the administration committed to steps that will reduce the United States’ dependence on oil, increase access to clean energy, and fight climate change by supporting EV deployment and the necessary charging infrastructure.More >>    By Cristian de Looper Provided by The tax debate between Apple, Ireland, and the European Union may escalate in the next few months. According to recent reports, the Irish Finance Minister, Michael Noonan, will bring the debate to the EU court, a move that could trigger a years-long court battle. The battle stems from a European Commission finding that Ireland had been giving Apple tax breaks, something that has attracted a number of multinational employers to Ireland. The EU, however, has ordered the practices to change. More: Ireland to appeal $14.5 billion tax penalty imposed on Apple, EU remains adamant After a three-year probe into Ireland’s relationship with Apple, the European Commission ordered Ireland to collect $14.5 billion in back taxes from the company. That is the largest state-aid payback demand in history. The decision has been the subject of criticism, particularly from this side of the Atlantic. The U.S. Treasury Department says the decision is a threat “to undermine foreign investment, the business climate in Europe, and the important spirit of economic partnership between the U.S. and the EU.” Apple has also vowed to fight against the EU decision, and those appeals will follow the ones already pending in Luxembourg, where the EU is headquartered. Those pending appeals include cases against Starbucks. Of course, Apple and Ireland will face tough competition in the European Commission’s Jean-Claude Juncker, who said that the ruling against Apple is clearly based on facts, arguing that the decision is not one against the U.S., but rather against unfair business practices. The issues stem from the fact that Ireland’s corporate tax rate is currently 12.5 percent, however, Apple was paying far less thanks to a deal between it and Ireland that dates back to the 1990s. The deal essentially allowed Apple to record all sales as being in Ireland rather than other countries where Apple products were sold. In return, Apple brought thousands of jobs to the country.   This article was originally posted on Digital Trends Content provided by INFORMATIONAL DISCLAIMER The information contained on or provided through this site is intended for general consumer understanding and education only and is not intended to be and is not a substitute for professional financial or accounting advice. Always seek the advice of your accountant or other qualified personal finance advisor for answers to any related questions you may have. Use of this site and any information contained on or provided through this site is at your own risk and any information contained on or provided through this site is provided on an "as is" basis without any representations or warranties. News 9 7401 N. Kelley Ave. Oklahoma City, OK 73111 OKLAHOMA CITY'S OWN TM Oklahoma's Own News9.com is proud to provide Oklahomans with timely and relevant news and information, sharing the stories, pictures and loves of Oklahomans across our great state including Oklahoma City's Own. Station Profile & Public Inspection Files NEWS 9 Investigates Crime Education Special Coverage Health Politics Links Consumer Watch My 2 Cents WEATHER Interactive ESP Street Level Radar Current Temps Weather 101 Weather Community Storm Tracker Weather In-Depth FEATURED Video Share Recipes Classifieds Contests Community Contact Us Employment DIGITAL NETWORK NewsOn6.com News9.com TulsaCW.com RadioOklahoma.net OklahomaFarmReport.com All content © Copyright 2000 - 2015, Frankly Media and KWTV. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Apple CEO on a Trump presidency: 'Apple's North Star hasn't changed' Kif Leswing Nov. 10, 2016, 9:28 AM 11,322 facebook linkedin twitter email print AP Apple CEO Tim Cook sent a memo on Wednesday night to all US Apple employees about Republican Donald Trump's election victory for the presidency, Buzzfeed reported on Thursday morning.  Cook personally raised funds for Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton in August, and Apple withdrew financial support for the Republican National Convention, where Trump accepted his party's nomination. The memo does not mention Trump by name, and although it contains some language about celebrating diversity, it doesn't include a direct response to some of Trump's stated policy positions, such as limiting immigration.  Apple did not respond to a request for comment about a public response to Trump's victory.  Read the memo below: Team, I’ve heard from many of you today about the presidential election. In a political contest where the candidates were so different and each received a similar number of popular votes, it’s inevitable that the aftermath leaves many of you with strong feelings. We have a very diverse team of employees, including supporters of each of the candidates. Regardless of which candidate each of us supported as individuals, the only way to move forward is to move forward together. I recall something Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. said 50 years ago: “If you can’t fly, then run. If you can’t run, then walk. If you can’t walk, then crawl, but whatever you do you have to keep moving forward.” This advice is timeless, and a reminder that we only do great work and improve the world by moving forward. While there is discussion today about uncertainties ahead, you can be confident that Apple’s North Star hasn’t changed. Our products connect people everywhere, and they provide the tools for our customers to do great things to improve their lives and the world at large. Our company is open to all, and we celebrate the diversity of our team here in the United States and around the world — regardless of what they look like, where they come from, how they worship or who they love. I’ve always looked at Apple as one big family and I encourage you to reach out to your co-workers if they are feeling anxious. Let’s move forward — together! Best, Tim SEE ALSO: 3 ways a Trump presidency could affect Apple NOW WATCH: Scientists attached a camera to a polar bear and revealed this never-before-seen footage Loading video... More: Apple Donald Trump Tim Cook facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Apple CEO on a Trump presidency: 'Apple's North Star hasn't changed' Apple CEO on a Trump presidency: 'Apple's North Star hasn't changed' Apple CEO Tim Cook sent a memo on Wednesday... Recommended For You Featured As healthcare costs rise and patients demand better care, hospitals turn to new technologies More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Business Insider Select 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Mobile Insights BII Mobile Insights More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
← → 0 Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums View Full Site Ars Technica Ars Technica UK Dark on light Light on dark Log in Register Forgot your password? Resend activation e-mail Law & Disorder / Civilization & Discontents Apple tax case: Ireland to formally appeal EU state aid ruling Irish government says it "fundamentally disagrees" with Brussels' judgment. by Kelly Fiveash (UK) - Nov 10, 2016 2:10 pm UTC Login to bookmark 160 Enlarge Andrew Cunningham The European Commission's ruling that Apple should pay Ireland €13 billion (£11.1 billion) in back taxes is set to be formally disputed by the Irish government. Finance Minister Michael Noonan said on Tuesday that Dublin would challenge the judgment on Wednesday. In August, competition officials in Brussels concluded that the so-called sweetheart tax deals Apple received from Ireland constituted illegal state aid. The commission's antitrust chief, Margrethe Vestager, said at the time: "Member states cannot give tax benefits to selected companies—this is illegal under EU state aid rules." Noonan, underlying the Irish government's earlier position on the Apple judgment, said: The government fundamentally disagrees with the European Commission’s analysis and the decision left the government no choice but to take an appeal to the European courts... So in that light, given that the case is the subject of ongoing legal proceedings, I am constrained by what I can say in making any further comment. Dublin wants to protect what Noonan has described as "the integrity of our tax system; to provide tax certainty to business; and to challenge the encroachment of EU state aid rules into the sovereign member state competence of taxation." Stateside treasury officials have also attacked the ruling, arguing that it would "constitute a transfer of revenue to the EU from the US government and its taxpayers." This post originated on Ars Technica UK Expand full story Reader comments 160 You must login or create an account to comment. Share - Tweet Email Google - Reddit - Kelly Fiveash / Kelly is News Editor at Ars Technica UK. She cut her teeth as an IT helpdesk bod, before moving into the world of tech journalism in 2006. She's a Londoner who loves tiny dogs, loud guitars, and messy tacos.  ← Older Story Newer Story →  You May Also Like WIRED Media: Ars Technica and WIRED © 2016 Condé Nast. All rights reserved Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012) Your California Privacy Rights The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
TechRadar The source for Tech Buying Advice Search RSS Reviews How To Phones TVs Laptops Deals Photography More Car Tech Wearables Tablets Components Audiovisual Gaming Computing Downloads News Pro Trending MacBook Pro Nintendo Switch Google Pixel iOS 10.1 PS4 Pro Early Black Friday Deals News The best iPhone 7 Plus cases The best iPhone 7 Plus cases By Andrew Williams Mobile phones   Extra-good cases for an extra-large phone Shares The iPhone 7 Plus is one of the most expensive phones in the world that doesn’t come encrusted with diamonds, or inlaid with real gold – so if you scratch this palm-filling wonder a week after buying it, you won’t be happy. There’s no way around it: you need a case. A case may alter your phone’s lines a bit, and separate your hands from all that lovely aluminum, but let’s be honest: do you really trust yourself to keep a phone this pricey in good nick? That’s what we thought – and that’s why we’ve created this list of 10 brilliant iPhone 7 Plus cases. Note: we've ranked these from cheapest to most expensive according to prices at time of writing. 1. Cygnett UrbanShield A premium finish without a premium price Colors: Carbon Fiber, Aluminum, Rose Gold | Material: Plastic and aluminum, carbon fiber or silicone Good price Premium finish Basic Average protection Simple and classy, the Cygnett UrbanShield is the kind of case we can get on with. This year Cygnett has dumped the cut-out for the Apple logo too, and the case looks a lot sleeker as a result. It’s a basic case - a clip-on plastic shell designed to avoid dings to your iPhone’s aluminum frame, but it has some sweet finishes tailored to match the classic pink, silver and black colors. The two silvery versions have a thin plate of brushed aluminum on the back, while the black uses carbon fiber, and the pink a panel of silicone for a soft-touch feel. 2. X-Doria Defense Gear A surprisingly slim tough case Colors: Silver, Gold, Gray | Material: Rubber, plastic and aluminum Tough Slimmer than most tough cases Rugged design Still slightly chunky We’ve shied away from featuring too many super-tough iPhone 7 Plus cases, because they tend to add so much girth to the already-large phone’s thickness and width. However, the X-Doria Defense Gear is one of the slimmest cases to boast of having ‘military-grade’ protection. What this means in practice is that you can drop the phone case’d-up from a height of 6 feet 6 inches and it should survive. The case is made from a mixture of rubber, hard plastic and anodized aluminum. The special sauce is what X-Doria calls DropShield. Like most advanced materials used in cases, this hardens on impact, a state change that absorbs a lot of energy. 3. Knomo Snap-on Case A leather case that undercuts Apple Colors: Black, Lido, Orange, Chili, Silver | Material: Leather and polycarbonate Real leather Five color choices Partly plastic Plain appearance If you want a simple leather case but don’t want to be an iSheep and buy Apple’s own one, take a look at the Knomo Snap-on case. It looks great and is much cheaper than Apple’s, partly because the leather is just an inlay in a fairly standard polycarbonate shell. It’s still real leather, however, and this means the parts that will take the brunt of abuse will be plastic, which don’t rip as a leather veneer can after serious mistreatment. Knomo makes the Snap-on case for iPhone 7 Plus in five different shades, ranging from a pretty eye-popping orange to a much more interior design-inspired “lido” blue-gray. 4. Torro Stand Case A multi-purpose leather case Colors: Black, Tan, Dark Brown | Material: Leather Stand and pouch Genuine leather Middling price Average protection Torro makes funky-looking leather flip cases that double as stands, and a stand comes in particularly handy with an iPhone 7 Plus, with its big screen just begging to be used for a bit of movie-watching while you’re bored on a long plane or train journey. The case is made of real leather, and there’s neat stitching along the sides for a hand-made look. The black version has red stitching, while the tan one uses thread that blends into the leather much more. Other notable features include a magnet to stop the screen cover flapping about, and a pouch on the front that’ll hold a travel or debit card. 5. Cygnett UrbanWallet Flip A smart and stylish leather flip case Colors: Black | Material: Leather and plastic Smart appearance Covers the screen Only comes in black Plastic shell If you want your iPhone to look serious and professional, you can’t go far wrong with a Cygnett UrbanWallet Flip. It’s a simple folio case that uses a real leather ‘lid’ and a plastic shell into which your iPhone 7 Plus clips. There’s a metallic finish on this part that holds your phone, in a semi-successful attempt to trick your eyes into believing the shell is actually metal. The main draw here is that it’s a flip case, though, and a fairly smart-looking one at that. 6. Belkin Air Protect SheerForce A slim case that's tougher than it looks Colors: White, Mint Green, Phantom Black, Rose Gold | Material: Polycarbonate and TPU Slim Absorbs shocks Plastic Plain The tricky part of designing a case is to find ways of sucking up impact damage without effectively wrapping the phone in bubble wrap. Belkin’s Air Protect SheerForce tactic is to use arches in the case's bumper sides, creating little compressible air pockets that absorb force rather than transmitting it to the aluminum sides of the iPhone. It’s a cheap, low-bulk way of protecting the phone. This is a deliberately low-key case, with a transparent or translucent finish. The non-clear ones are tinted to match the various colors of iPhone too. This is a good pick if you want protection without lots of bulk or weird style influences. 7. Speck Presidio Grip Case A grippy case to help you hold onto your iPhone Colors: Black, White/Ash Gray, Graphite Gray/Charcoal Gray, Twilight Blue/Marine Blue, Lipstick Pink/Shocking Pink, Whisper Purple/Lilac Purple | Material: Polycarbonate and rubber Lots of color choices Grippy Odd design Fairly expensive The Spec Presidio Grip case doesn’t just to try to make dropping your phone no big deal, it wants to stop those drops in the first place. As well as some basic protection, this slimline case makes your iPhone much grippier, using embossed strips of rubber across its back. If you do drop your iPhone 7 Plus a layer of - don’t laugh - Impactium will reduce the force transferred to the phone. This compressible material, which sounds like it was nicked from the Marvel universe, sits underneath a hard polycarbonate exterior. 8. OtterBox Symmetry Case A strong case with a slim fit Colors: Black, Rossa Corsa, Island Sherbet, Saltwater Taffy | Material: Polycarbonate and synthetic rubber Fairly thin Decent protection Plastic construction Pricey OtterBox is best known for its ultra-protective cases. But unless you have hulk-like hands, you’re not going to want to live with a brute of a case on your iPhone 7 Plus. It’ll just be too much of a handful. The OtterBox Symmetry does its best to find a middle ground. It’s a slim-ish case, but one with a chunky lip above the screen and dual rubber and plastic construction, to put more layers between the pavement and your iPhone. It comes in a selection of finishes, including the funky pattern you see here. 9. Apple Leather Case A high-quality Apple product Colors: Sea Blue, Storm Gray, Tan, Saddle Brown, Midnight Blue, Black, Red | Material: Leather Comes in several shades Real leather Expensive Could provide more protection One of the classic iPhone cases is Apple’s own leather model. On the surface, it seems as simple as they come, a clip-on cover that keeps the phone’s aluminum exterior looking good as new without downgrading the look. Leather is as classy as aluminum, right? There are some touches that deserve a mention, though. First, the finish is real “French” leather rather than a synthetic alternative. This means it’ll wear and age naturally rather than starting to peel off six months in. The case also has its own buttons, sitting on top of those on your iPhone, and has a microfiber lining that hugs your phone. It comes in a whopping seven colors too. 10. Grovemade Walnut & Leather Case A truly luxurious case Colors: Brown/Black | Material: Wood and leather Great design Premium materials Very expensive Easily damaged The Portlandia of iPhone cases, the Grovemade Walnut & Leather is all-natural and, as it happens, made in Portland. Its frame is made of walnut wood finished with vegetable oil, its leather rear tanned with vegetable extracts. It’s delightfully artisanal, and pretty delightful all-round actually. As Grovemade says, though, “the wood used in this product may be damaged by drops or other impacts. If a case that may break is not for you, please consider a rubber or plastic case.” You’ve been warned. Grovemade also makes bumper-style cases, an all-walnut standard case and a flip case. Make the most of that big screen with the best iPhone games Tags iPhone Related news Microsoft unleashes important update to cure Surface Pro 3 battery blues Walmart slashing the cost of Xbox One S and 4K TVs for Black Friday This interactive periodic table shows what we use every element for Samsung patent suggests roll-up TVs are on the cards See more Mobile phones news Load Comments Tech deals, prizes and latest news Get the best tech deals, reviews, product advice, competitions, unmissable tech news and more! No spam, we promise. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission. Most Popular Most Shared 1 The best Amazon Black Friday deals 2016 2 15 best laptops you can buy in 2016 3 How to photograph the moon: an easy way to shoot moon pictures full of detail 4 iOS 10 problems: Here's how to fix the most common issues 5 The 10 best 4K TVs of 2016 1 Samsung Galaxy S8 to take on iPhone with its own 'force touch' screen 2 New leak gives us our best idea yet of the Nintendo Switch's price 3 A eulogy for the Wii U 4 MIT let an AI loose on the web - what could possibly go wrong? 5 Hyperloop will move you at 700mph for a price you can afford TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site. Terms and conditions Privacy policy Cookies policy Advertise with us © Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury, Bath BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 Black Friday CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iPad Air 2 iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS Sierra Retina MacBook tvOS 10 watchOS 3 Buyer's Guide Forums iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s Retina MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air Black Friday Apple VR Project iMac iPad Air 2 Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > Apple Shares 2016 Holiday Gift Guide Thursday November 10, 2016 5:34 AM PST by Joe Rossignol Apple has shared its annual holiday gift guide on its website, with product recommendations such as the 12-inch MacBook, iPhone, Apple Watch, iPad Pro, fourth-generation Apple TV, gift cards, and related accessories. The guide also points gift-givers towards various music products, photography products, games, and toys. This year's holiday gift guide is less sophisticated than in previous years, such as in 2015 when Apple split gift recommendations into six categories: gaming, photography, music, fitness, learning, and travel. Nevertheless, this year's list provides a basic overview of some of Apple's most popular products and accessories for those unfamiliar. As a reminder, Apple offers free shipping in several countries: • United States: Free two-day shipping on in-stock items ordered by 5:00 p.m. local time each day, and free next-day shipping on any in-stock iPhone. • United Kingdom: Free next-day delivery on in-stock orders over £40 placed by 19:00 local time each day. Free standard delivery for everything else. • Australia: Free next-business-day delivery to most metro areas on in-stock items over $250 ordered by 2 p.m. local time. Free standard delivery for everything else. • Canada: Free standard shipping on everything. • Western Europe: In countries such as France, Germany, Spain, and the Netherlands, Apple offers free next-day delivery on in-stock orders over €40 placed between 15:00 and 17:00 local time each day. Free standard shipping is generally available otherwise. Free shipping on everything is also available in Italy. Tag: Apple gift guide 28 comments Top Rated Comments (View all) TallManNY 5 days ago at 05:38 am Apple apparently really dropping the ball on those AirPods. They would have been a great holiday gift. Cool gadget at just a bit too expensive for many folks to buy for themselves. They would have "won" Christmas. Rating: 5 Votes Supermacguy 5 days ago at 05:50 am Wow, "gift guide". They make like 6 actual product lines. Their "gift guide" is everything they make. Not original. Rating: 4 Votes CarlosQG 5 days ago at 06:07 am Hope we get the 12 Days of Gifts app, I loved that Holiday spirit three years ago. Rating: 2 Votes Hanzu Lao 5 days ago at 05:42 am Generous. Rating: 1 Votes SmoMo 5 days ago at 05:40 am I haven't read the Holiday Gift Guide yet, but I bet you there will be a few Apple products in there. I know how Tim Cook thinks. Rating: 1 Votes kstotlani 5 days ago at 06:32 am Yay no dongle jokes yet. Oh wait.... Rating: 1 Votes BMcCoy 5 days ago at 05:58 am How about a SALE Apple?! You know, that thing when retailers REDUCE their prices... oh, never mind. Rating: 1 Votes AshleyHredone 5 days ago at 05:38 am Very pretty - but not much good when neither the new MacBook Pro's or iPhone 7 Plus models are in stock. I already have enough of the old stock thanks. Rating: 1 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming iMac Early 2017 Updated models with AMD graphics options expected in early 2017. iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 New glass-backed design rumored to lose the Home button. Front Page Stories Next Year's iPhones to Include 4.7" LCD Model With Single Camera, 5.5" LCD and OLED Models With Dual Cameras 1 hour ago on Front Page Apple will release a trio of new iPhones next year, according to a new research note from KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo. Kuo believes Apple will launch a 4.7-inch model with a single-lens... 96 comments 15-Inch MacBook Pro With Touch Bar Has Non-Removable SSD 3 hours ago on Front Page While the new entry-level 13-inch MacBook Pro with function keys has a removable SSD, the same cannot be said for the Touch Bar model. MacRumors reader Jesse D. unscrewed the bottom lid on his... 372 comments Apple Releases $200+ Photo Book Called 'Designed by Apple in California' 5 hours ago on Front Page Apple today announced the release of a new hardbound photo book, called "Designed by Apple in California," that chronicles 20 years of Apple product designs through 450 photographs. The book... 296 comments Apple Testing Augmented Reality 'Smart Glasses' That Connect to iPhone 17 hours ago on Front Page As part of its effort to expand further into wearable devices, Apple is working on a set of smart glasses, reports Bloomberg. Citing sources familiar with Apple's plans, the site says the smart... 218 comments Apple Highlights Mac Apps Updated With Support for MacBook Pro Touch Bar 20 hours ago on Front Page As the new MacBook Pro models with Touch Bar begin arriving to customers, Apple has updated the Mac App Store with a featured section highlighting a selection of Mac apps that have been updated with... 94 comments What's New in iOS 10.2 Beta 3: TV App Updates, SOS and Videos App Removed 21 hours ago on Front Page Apple today seeded the third beta of iOS 10.2 to developers, introducing some notable improvements to the new "TV" app that was introduced in the second iOS 10.2 beta. As can be seen in... 73 comments New MacBook Pro's Dedicated AMD Graphics Chips Are 'Significantly' Faster and Support Dual 5K Displays 1 day ago on Front Page Apple dropped Intel's integrated Iris Pro graphics in favor of dedicated AMD graphics across its entire new 15-inch MacBook Pro lineup, resulting in performance improvements over previous models.... 233 comments Apple Seeds Third macOS Sierra 10.12.2 Beta to Developers [Update: Public Beta Available] 1 day ago on Front Page Apple today seeded the third beta of the upcoming macOS Sierra 10.12.2 update to developers, one week after releasing the second 10.12.2 beta and three weeks following the public release of macOS... 29 comments • Apple Seeds Third Beta of iOS 10.2 to Developers [Update: Public Beta Available] (63) • Phil Schiller Says Apple Tested and Rejected Touch Screen Macs, Finding It 'Absurd' on a Desktop (588) • First Customers Begin to Receive New MacBook Pro With Touch Bar (93) • iPhone 7 Demand Has 'Peaked' as Shipments Forecasted to Decline Significantly Over Next Two Months (92) • New MacBook Pro Reviews Mixed as Touch Bar Called Everything From 'Useful' to 'Gimmick' (274) • Revamped Google Play Music Streams Content Based on User Location, Activity, and Time of Day (48) • Touch Bar MacBook Pro Orders Begin Shipping to Customers (269)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Husain Sumra Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade Upcoming 'Race Control Director' Puts You on the Other Side of Racing Zen Studios Teases 'Bethesda Pinball' Nintendo Reveals 'Super Mario Run' Release Date and Price We're Streaming iOS Games Live on Mobcrush [Offline] 'BATMAN - The Telltale Series' Episode 3 Review: Sorry Bruce, the New World Order Sucks 'RETSNOM' Developer Releases Pixelated Point-and-Click Hacking Game 'Replica: A Little Temporary Safety' on iOS AppShopper Apple Announces New iPhone 6s with 3D Touch Apple Announces iPad Pro with 12.9-inch Retina Display Apple Announces iOS 9, Bringing Split-Screen Multi-tasking to iPad Apple Announces Mac OS X 10.11 'El Capitan' Apple Watch Pre-Orders to Open on April 10, Available Starting on April 24 Apple Announces New 12-inch MacBook with Retina Display Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
Trending: Video: Angry at Apple Make your emails more trusted with DKIM 6 big ideas in digital transformation Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. Healthcare, retail industries give blockchain a try Best bookmark managers for Google Chrome Review: BIO-key’s plug-in fingerprint readers for Windows 10 computers Recruiting and retaining female IT talent: 8 concrete steps More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Gamification Home Tech Location-Based Services Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) Business Process Management (BPM) CRM Collaboration Content/Document Management Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software Integration Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Computer Hardware Apple Mac Apple Holic By Jonny Evans Follow About | Appleholic, (noun), æp·əl-hɑl·ɪk: An imaginative person who thinks about what Apple is doing, why and where it is going. Delivering popular Apple-related news, advice and entertainment since 1999. News Analysis Tim Cook responds to US presidential vote Tim Cook asks for unity More like this Apple’s Tim Cook speaks on Apple’s A.I. plans Tim Cook wants Apple to make your life better with AR Tim Cook, Apple’s next five years in quotes on IDG Answers What does "used com.android.phone" on myactivity.google.com mean? Credit: Apple Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Comments Computerworld | Nov 10, 2016 5:08 AM PT RELATED TOPICS Apple Mac Technology Law & Regulation Apple Tim Cook Comments We live in interesting times. The 2016 US Presidential election has cast ripples across the planet. Tim Cook speaks Apple has been in Trump’s firing line a couple of times. The president-elect currently rejects Apple’s balanced view on encryption, despite the risks; he also wants Apple to manufacture more of its products in the USA. In a memo obtained by BuzzFeed News, Apple CEO, Tim Cook notes the divisive nature of the campaign; urges Apple employees to stick together; and stresses Apple’s continued commitment to social progress and diversity. “While there is discussion today about uncertainties ahead, you can be confident that Apple’s North Star hasn’t changed,” he wrote. “Our products connect people everywhere, and they provide the tools for our customers to do great things to improve their lives and the world at large. Our company is open to all, and we celebrate the diversity of our team here in the United States and around the world — regardless of what they look like, where they come from, how they worship, or who they love.” Read the rest of his statement here. A little background Total contributions to the Clinton campaign from the Internet industry came in at 114 times those for Trump, according to the Center for Responsive Politics. Tech workers gave 60 times more cash to Clinton’s campaign in comparison to the Republican candidate. The tech industry concerns at the appointment reflect reservations about presidential policy concerning digital rights, his desire to take manufacturing back from China, and the need to recruit highly skilled staff on an international basis, across barriers of nation, race, color and creed. Trump’s promise to allow corporations to bring their foreign-held stockpiles of cash to the USA for a discounted 10 percent tax rate may prove more popular than some of the concerns his comments have raised about future policy on HB-1 visas. Stay together Cook’s plea that Apple should work together is a microcosmic reflection of what most across the industry seem to think. Brad Smith, president and chief legal officer said: “Like so many Americans, regardless of who we supported through our vote, we strongly share the view that this is a time for the nation to come together.” “If you still love the USA, get up tomorrow and continue fighting for truth, the Constitution, tolerance, basic decency and wisdom,” said TechMeme’s Gabe Rivera. The EFF, “remains steadfast in its mission and method: to use law and technology to champion civil liberties and provide a potent check against overreach," the EFF said in a blog post. Technology investor and Trump supporter, Peter Thiel was pleased with the result. He said the new president faced a difficult task and would need “all hands on deck”. Another tech investor was less sanguine: “This feels like the worst thing to happen in my life. I assume we'll get through it, but it sure doesn't feel that way right now,” said Sam Altman, president of Y Combinator. Meanwhile, most in the industry are waiting to identify what the new presidential policy will turn out to be, now that the campaign rhetoric has achieved its result. Google+? If you use social media and happen to be a Google+ user, why not join AppleHolic's Kool Aid Corner community and join the conversation as we pursue the spirit of the New Model Apple? Got a story? Drop me a line via Twitter or in comments below and let me know. I'd like it if you chose to follow me on Twitter so I can let you know when fresh items are published here first on Computerworld. RELATED TOPICS Apple Mac Technology Law & Regulation Apple Tim Cook Previous Post Apple’s new iPhone is the best selling smartphone Next Post Early adopters seem to like the new MacBook Pro Touch Bar Jonny Evans Jonny is a freelance writer who has been writing (mainly about Apple and technology) since 1999. The latest in IT services? CIO hired guns View Comments You Might Like Join the discussion Be the first to comment on this article. Our Commenting Policies What Readers Like China builds world’s fastest supercomputer without U.S. chips China's Sunway TaihuLight theoretical peak performance is 124.5 petaflops. Cortana: The spy in Windows 10 Project Fi has a powerful bonus feature hidden in plain sight Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our daily newsletter Go Chart and image gallery: 30+ free tools for data visualization and analysis This sortable chart lets you compare dozens of tools for functionality, skill level and more. Windows 10 Anniversary Update: A guide to the builds The Windows 10 Anniversary Update is due this summer -- but if you don’t want to wait, you can install... Popular Resources Video/Webcast Sponsored Live Webinar Event: Actionable Network Intelligence Drives Digital Business Video/Webcast Sponsored Prevent DNS Catastrophes: Learn Best Practices on Shoring Up DNS for 2017 White Paper 200G Compact Solution Data Sheet White Paper 451 Research: Interconnection 101 White Paper Agile Portfolio Management Go Top Stories OpenAI will use Microsoft's cloud, as Azure gains more features Microsoft's continued investment in artificial intelligence and machine learning technology is paying... The long decline of online freedom According to Freedom House’s 2016 report, freedom on the internet is in its sixth year of decline.... 3 things GrubHub's CEO should've considered before sending anti-Trump email Watch what you write in an email. First look: The 13-in MacBook Pro's Touch Bar wows The innovative new Touch Bar in the MacBook Pro brings back something that's been missing from Macs in... Sponsored Links INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Where do you stack up with your IT counterparts on cloud investment? Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 1994 - 2016 Computerworld, Inc. All rights reserved. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Answers IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
Login All Reviews Editorials News AT&T to Intro Opt-out 'Stream Saver' Video Quality Throttling in 2017 Samsung Buying Harman to Take on Apple's CarPlay iTunes Store Offers 93 Classic Rock Albums at $7.99 Tips macOS Sierra: Using Markup in Photos iOS 10 Maps: Adding Pit Stops Along Your Route Podcasts TMO Background Mode: Interview with Creator & Host of The MacCast Podcast Adam Christianson TMO Daily Observations 2016-11-14: Samsung Buying Harman, HomeKit Security, AT&T Stream Saver View All Results → X-Doria Evervue Transparent Case for iPhone 7: Poor Marks Review: Charge and Listen on iPhone 7 with Belkin Lightning Audio + Charge RockStar Silk Innovation Transparent Case for iPhone 7: Highest Marks NuGuard KX Case for iPhone 7 Offers Superb Protection Apple Leather Case for iPhone 7, Same Style with Better Buttons View All Reviews → Considering Rumors of Apple AR Glasses with Tim Cook's Comments on Google Glass Why Is There So Much Pain Extracting Truth From Apple? Stick It In (or On) Your Ear Analyst Says iPhone SE Was a One-Off for Apple PSA: Please Vote View All Editorials → Tim Cook’s Message to Employees after Election: ‘Move Forward Together’ Bryan Chaffin @TMOBryan · +Bryan Chaffin Nov 10th, 2016 8:00 AM EST | News Apple CEO Tim Cook sent a company-wide email to employees Wednesday evening encouraging them to “move forward.” While he didn’t name President Elect Donald Trump or his defeated rival, Hillary Clinton, by name, the theme of the email was that the election shouldn’t divide employees. “Moving forward” and “move forward” occurs in the short missive three times. The first is a quote from one of Mr. Cook’s heroes, Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. The second time Mr. Cook emphasizes Dr. King’s point. The third is in his closing, where he told Apple’s 76,000 employees, “Let’s move forward — together!” Apple CEO Tim Cook during Mac “hello again” event. It’s the sort of message we’ve come to expect from the thoughtful, cerebral Tim Cook. In reality, the election could have enormous implications for Apple. From personal encryption—which Donald Trump opposes—to corporate taxation policies—which could improve for Apple under Republican rule—to manufacturing—which Donald Trump has vowed to bring back to the U.S., though without any specific proposals to do so. I’ll be writing more about this separately. In the meanwhile, here’s Mr. Cook’s email in full, as published by Buzzfeed: Apple CEO Tim Cook’s Post Election Email to Employees Team, I’ve heard from many of you today about the presidential election. In a political contest where the candidates were so different and each received a similar number of popular votes, it’s inevitable that the aftermath leaves many of you with strong feelings. We have a very diverse team of employees, including supporters of each of the candidates. Regardless of which candidate each of us supported as individuals, the only way to move forward is to move forward together. I recall something Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. said 50 years ago: “If you can’t fly, then run. If you can’t run, then walk. If you can’t walk, then crawl, but whatever you do you have to keep moving forward.” This advice is timeless, and a reminder that we only do great work and improve the world by moving forward. While there is discussion today about uncertainties ahead, you can be confident that Apple’s North Star hasn’t changed. Our products connect people everywhere, and they provide the tools for our customers to do great things to improve their lives and the world at large. Our company is open to all, and we celebrate the diversity of our team here in the United States and around the world — regardless of what they look like, where they come from, how they worship or who they love. I’ve always looked at Apple as one big family and I encourage you to reach out to your co-workers if they are feeling anxious. Let’s move forward — together! Best, Tim Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit Tags: Apple, Election, Tim Cook 3 Comments Add a comment Lee Dronick November 10, 2016 Thank you! November 10, 2016 at 8:47 EST AM JoelS November 10, 2016 Apple needs a CEO, not a political evangelist pandering to the snowflakes. November 10, 2016 at 9:52 EST AM skipaq November 10, 2016 Looking forward to a thoughtful follow up. Apple needs a CEO. Yes. But that CEO would be negligent if he ignored politics. Many companies have been made or broken by governmental policies and regulations. Cook’s letter to Apple’s family looks reasonable and timely. November 10, 2016 at 6:06 EST PM Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials Considering Rumors of Apple AR Glasses with Tim Cook's Comments on Google Glass Bryan Chaffin | November 15, 2016 Why Is There So Much Pain Extracting Truth From Apple? John Martellaro | November 11, 2016 TMO Weekly Sponsor Black Friday Giveaway From MacXDVD. Grab it free to download YouTube videos, convert video format, edit and record videos. Only 1000 free copies issued daily. Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $106.46 +0.75 (0.70%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » AT&T to Intro Opt-out 'Stream Saver' Video Quality Throttling in 2017 Samsung Buying Harman to Take on Apple's CarPlay iTunes Store Offers 93 Classic Rock Albums at $7.99 iPhone 7 Plus Ship Times Hold at 3-4 Weeks or Higher Tim Cook's Message to Employees after Election: 'Move Forward Together' Recent Tips See All » macOS Sierra: Using Markup in Photos iOS 10 Maps: Adding Pit Stops Along Your Route How to Turn Off Music Auto-Shuffle in iOS 10 iOS 10.2: How to Disable Always On Live Photo iOS 10.2 Beta Brings Star Ratings Back to Music App Recent Editorials See All » Considering Rumors of Apple AR Glasses with Tim Cook's Comments on Google Glass Why Is There So Much Pain Extracting Truth From Apple? Stick It In (or On) Your Ear Analyst Says iPhone SE Was a One-Off for Apple PSA: Please Vote 6300 Bryan Chaffin news 3 1478764844 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Archive 2015 Archive 2014 Archive 2013 Archive 2012 Archive 2011 Archive View Full Archive Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising

null
Share 2 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2016-11-15 Jana Duggar Takes Backseat At Jinger And Jeremy Vuolo Wedding As Jill Dillard, Jessa Seewald, Joy Anna And Family Dominate ‘Counting On’ News Entertainment 2016-11-15 One Direction News: Niall Horan And Zayn Malik’s AMAs Reunion, Liam Payne Baby Rumors Continue Entertainment 2016-11-14 Joy Anna Duggar Featured In Family Instagram With Baby After Birthday, Jim Bob And Michelle Want Daughter Courting And Engaged? Entertainment 2016-11-14 ‘People’s’ Sexiest Man Alive 2016: Dwayne ‘The Rock’ Johnson News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2016-11-15 Chili’s Restaurant Apologizes After Manager Takes Army Veteran Ernest Walker’s Free Meal On Veteran’s Day Opinion 2016-11-15 Does Kate Middleton Secretly Regard Prince Harry’s New Lady Love Meghan Markle As A Terrifying Threat? News 2016-11-15 Donald Trump Linked To LGBT Suicide Hotline Call Spike: Fears Include Gay Marriage & Health Care News 2016-11-15 Bill Clinton Nude Photo Leaked By Anonymous? Fake President Clinton Naked Pic With Prostitute Fools Twitter [Hoax] Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Sports 2016-11-13 Live Stream: Bangladesh Premier League Cricket Day 6 — Barisal Bulls Vs. Rajshahi Kings, Comilla Victorians Vs. Khulna Titans Sports 2016-11-11 Lindsey Vonn Has Another Crash In Ski Practice, Severely Breaks Arm Sports 2016-11-11 Watch Bangladesh Premier League Cricket Live Stream Day 4: Comilla Victorians Vs. Barisal Bulls, Dhaka Dynamites Vs. Rajshahi Kings Sports 2016-11-09 Green Bay Packers: Keys To Victory In NFL Week 10 Vs. Titans Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Best Buy Black Friday 2016 Flyer Includes 16 Items Currently Available On Sale Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Trident Lakes: Subterranean Doomsday Prepper Village Being Built In Ector, Texas Lifestyle 2016-11-06 What’s Open On Veterans Day 2016 And Where Can Vets Get A Free Meal On Friday? Lifestyle 2016-11-05 When Does The Time Change? Daylight Saving Time Ends, But Not For Everyone Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2016-11-13 Donald Trump Presidency: What Does This Mean For The Marijuana Industry? Health 2016-11-13 Depression: Why You Might Be Taking The Wrong Vitamins, And Even Making Your Mood Worse Health 2016-11-13 Adolescent Girls Have Greater Chance Than Boys Of Acquiring PTSD Due To Brain Differences Health 2016-11-13 Constipation And Kidney Disease May Be Linked To Each Other, New Study Claims Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2016-11-15 ‘Destiny’ Weekly Reset For Nov. 15, Take A Breather With Wretched Eye Nightfall Gaming 2016-11-15 ‘Zelda: Breath Of The Wild’ Will Miss Nintendo Switch Release Date Because Of Development Delays Gaming 2016-11-14 Rockstar Games Removes The Unlock Requirements On More ‘GTA Online’ Heist Vehicles This Week For The Third Anniversary Of ‘Grand Theft Auto V’ Science 2016-11-14 The New Zealand Earthquake Was So Powerful It Literally Made The Sky Change Color [Video] BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2016-11-15 Google To Penalize Fake News Sites That Peddle Misinformation Using Facebook: After 2016 Election Search Engine To Cut Off Ad Network Support To Shady Sites BuzzWorthy 2016-11-14 ‘Pawn Stars’ Update: Chumlee As Kylo Ren And Donald Trump Jr. And Other Stars Visit Shop While Filming Season 13 Continues BuzzWorthy 2016-11-14 Hatchimals Are Must-Have Toys This Holiday Season: How Can You Get Your Hands On One? BuzzWorthy 2016-11-14 Michigan Police Officer Suspended After Driving With Confederate Flag Near Anti-Trump Protest [Video] SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Apple iPhone 8 To Feature An Interesting New Wireless Charging Technology Mobile 2 0 0 November 10, 2016 Apple iPhone 8 To Feature An Interesting New Wireless Charging Technology Swati Goyal Apple’s upcoming iPhone 8 is expected to include some major changes and one of those anticipated changes is the inclusion of a new wireless charging system. Apple is reportedly working on a new wireless charging technology for the future iPads and iPhones and there is a chance that the technology will be available as early as 2017. There are rumors that the firm is working on a new method of wireless charging through which iPhones could charge even from a distance. While this sounds a lot like science fiction, modern day technology has proved that there is a very thin line between fiction and the realm of possibility. “New evidence suggests that Apple is working to bring an exciting new feature to its iPhone lineup that could be the biggest smartphone game-changer the world has seen since the first iPhone was released nearly a decade ago in 2007,” highlighted a BGR report. [Image by Marcio Jose Sanchez/AP Images] If the rumors about Apple’s new charging technology are true, the iPhone 8 will have the ability to charge even when in the user’s pocket or while at work. It will be quite a step up from the current wireless or induction charging where devices charge when placed on a charging mat. The technology to be used is not new and has been around for decades. Famous scientist Nicola Tesla made a demonstration of how such technology works more than one hundred years ago. Unfortunately, no company has incorporated this technology into handset charging and Apple wants to be the first to try it out. Such technology could revolutionize the industry and would most certainly be a game changer. @Scobleizer is 3 for 3! OLED, Wireless Charging & #Apple patent for joining 2 layers of glass: https://t.co/yhY0TrgZPd #AR #VR #iphone8 pic.twitter.com/c5YXUao7Q2 — Keith Curtin (@KFCurtin) November 1, 2016 This does not necessarily mean that Apple is eliminating the tethered method of charging list like it did with the three mm earphone jack. The two methods will most likely complement each other. It is also not clear whether the wireless charging will be as fast as the USB charging. Either way, it will be quite an interesting feature for the iPhone 8. Other than the wireless charging which is reportedly being tested, the iPhone 8 is also expected to feature a few major changes from its predecessor. The initial reveals about the device stated that the iPhone 8 will feature a complete overhaul of the iPhone meaning users will get to experience a new design. There have also been rumors that the iPhone 8 will be bezel-less and that it will feature an all-glass design. Rumors also suggest that the handset will also focus on virtual reality and augmented reality. It has also been confirmed that the device will be fitted with OLED screens. [Image by Marcio Jose Sanchez/AP Images] “With apparent confirmation that the iPhone 8 will feature an OLED screen, and that one of Apple’s suppliers is already testing wireless charging modules,” sources revealed. The iPhone 8 might be the most anticipated device of 2018 due to the expected changes. Analysts have also projected that sales will peak once the handset is launched based on the expectation of a massive overhaul through the upcoming iPhone. Such a move has also proved highly successful with the recently launched MacBook Pro which whose sales figures for the first five days after launch were quite impressive. This week on AI: Wireless charging for #iPhone8, #AirPods due date & more https://t.co/mjK2jwMdzz pic.twitter.com/DJNlZb8GSo — AppleInsider (@appleinsider) November 5, 2016 The iPhone 8 is also expected to feature major upgrades since it will mark Apple’s 10th anniversary. Apple thus has a lot of pressure to deliver something that will “wow” the market. Also, Apple is facing a lot of competition from rival manufacturers such as Samsung as they step up their game to offer powerful and innovative handsets. If the company wants to attract impressive sales numbers, it must, therefore, deliver more innovation and power compared to what the rivals will offer. Time is quickly flying by which means we are getting closer to seeing the actual device. However, it will most likely not be released until the autumn season next year. Other than that, more rumors and leaks about the Apple iPhone 8 are expected as the clock counts down. <noscript><iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/tW6t7CTR4J0" width="560" height="315" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="allowfullscreen"></noscript> [Featured Image by Marcio Jose Sanchez/AP Images] Now Read This: ‘Pokemon Go’: The Trick To Creating New Pokestops Brings Hope To Rural Trainers Share 2 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Swati Goyal Tags: Apple iPhone 8, OLED screen, iPhone 8, macbook pro Comments LATEST HEADLINES Bryan Cranston’s Shocking Memoir Reveals Dark Fantasies, Violent Outbursts: ‘…The Body Slid To The Floor’ The Spice Girls: Resurfaced Polaroid Shoot Proves Pop Phenomenon Were All About ‘Girl Power’ [Video] Did Taylor Swift Ditch Kellie Pickler? Bad Blood Between The Former Friends ‘Married To Medicine’ Star Lisa Nicole Cloud Doesn’t Trust Husband After Stripper Scandal? ‘Teen Mom’ Amber Portwood Shows Off Plastic Surgery Results, As Her Fiancé Finally Comes Clean About His Sobriety Chili’s Restaurant Apologizes After Manager Takes Army Veteran Ernest Walker’s Free Meal On Veteran’s Day Olivia Newton-John Launches New Christmas Album With John Farnham, Delights In Daughter Chloe’s Successful Recovery Peru Vs. Brazil: Preview, Prediction, Starting Line-Ups, Kick-Off Time, & Betting Tips ‘The Grand Tour’: Amazon Offers Prime Discount For Yearly Membership Until Show’s Premiere Date Jennifer Aniston And Justin Theroux May Adopt A Baby From Mexico? [Report] Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Lady Gaga Urges All Americans To Sign The Electoral College Petition To Void Donald Trump’s Presidency And Elect Hillary Clinton 29.5k 0 0 Hillary Voters Owe It To America To Stop Calling Everyone A Nazi And Start Reading WikiLeaks 54.2k 0 0 Forget Mars, Trump Wants NASA To Visit Jupiter’s Moon Europa And Explore The Solar System 14.1k 0 0 Melania Trump Makes History As First Immigrant First Lady, Fluent In Five Languages 23.2k 0 0 Barron Trump, America’s First Son In The White House Since John F. Kennedy Jr. In 1963 227k 0 0 Could Hillary Clinton Still Become The Next President Of The United States? 8.2k 0 0 Kirk Douglas To Turn 100, As Michael Douglas Reveals: ‘He Is Rocking’ 10.9k 0 0 Recent Headlines ‘Teen Mom’ Amber Portwood Shows Off Plastic Surgery Results, As Her Fiancé Finally Comes Clean About His Sobriety 0 0 0 Chili’s Restaurant Apologizes After Manager Takes Army Veteran Ernest Walker’s Free Meal On Veteran’s Day 2 0 0 Olivia Newton-John Launches New Christmas Album With John Farnham, Delights In Daughter Chloe’s Successful Recovery 2 0 0 Peru Vs. Brazil: Preview, Prediction, Starting Line-Ups, Kick-Off Time, & Betting Tips 0 0 0 ‘The Grand Tour’: Amazon Offers Prime Discount For Yearly Membership Until Show’s Premiere Date 0 0 0 Florida Concealed Carry Gun Holder Shoots, Kills Man Who Was Beating A Cop 3 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact News Partners Opposing Views Huffington Post Fark Buzz Feed Supported By DoubleClick Google Adsense Softlayer Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2016 The Inquisitr News.
Home Contact Advertise About RSS @PowerPage @JasonOGrady Apple releases updated build of iOS 10.1.1 Posted by: Chris Barylick Date: Thursday, November 10th, 2016, 05:11 Category: iOS, News, Software Tweet Apple on Wednesday issued a new build of iOS 10.1.1, the current version of the iOS 10 operating system. The update is minor enough that it did not warrant a full 10.x.x number change, but it does include an updated build number. The new build has been labeled “14B150”, whereas the initial iOS 10.1.1 build was labeled “14B100”. This new build is only available as a download from Apple’s servers and cannot be obtained over-the-air at this time for those who have already installed the first version of iOS 10.1.1. The new version of iOS 10.1.1 will likely be provided to those who have yet to install iOS 10.1.1, as it otherwise requires an iTunes connection to download and install. As present, there is no information listed in the changes as to what bug fixes or changes the update brings. The first version of iOS 10.1.1 fixed a bug that caused Health data to be unavailable for some users. A minor update, iOS 10.1.1 was released shortly after iOS 10.1, a more significant update that brought a new “Portrait” mode and dozens of bug fixes and feature improvements. If you’ve tried the new build of iOS 10.1.1, please let us know about your experience in the comments section. Via MacRumors Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) More Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Related Recent Posts Touch Bar-equipped MacBook Pros sport new AMD GPUs, can drive dual 5K displays Rumor: AirPods could hit the shelves come December in limited quantities Microsoft hints at bringing Visual Studio to macOS, launch date unknown Rumor: AirPods may arrive come mid-November 1Password updated to 6.5, adds Touch Bar, Touch ID support among other changes Logging In... Leave a Reply Cancel reply Search Recent Posts Touch Bar-equipped MacBook Pros sport new AMD GPUs, can drive dual 5K displays Microsoft hints at bringing Visual Studio to macOS, launch date unknown Rumor: AirPods could hit the shelves come December in limited quantities 1Password updated to 6.5, adds Touch Bar, Touch ID support among other changes Rumor: AirPods may arrive come mid-November November 2016 M T W T F S S « Oct       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30   « Previous Post Next Post » Copyright © 1995- Jason D. O'Grady. All rights reserved. O'Grady's PowerPage is a No Beige Production. PowerPage.org | OGrady.com | Action Landscaping Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
null

null
Home Contact Advertise About RSS @PowerPage @JasonOGrady Report indicates Apple Pay now the fifth most popular payment platform on the Web Posted by: Chris Barylick Date: Thursday, November 10th, 2016, 05:55 Category: Apple Pay, Google, MacBook Pro, News, Software, Touch Bar, Touch ID Tweet If nothing else, Apple Pay is gaining traction. Just over a month after launching Apple Pay on the web to bring the payments service to website checkouts via its Safari web browser, new data shows Apple has already made it into the top five payment technologies online. Analystics firm SimilarTech’s platform tracks over 30 billion web pages each month with Apple Pay coming in as the fifth most popular payment platform used by the top 10,000 websites. It maintains the fifth position among the top 100k websites, too. Apple Pay is now available on 0.25 percent of the top 10,000 sites. That puts it at almost 10% of leader PayPal which has 2.36% of the top websites (although PayPal’s subscribe button is also #2 and adds an additional 0.98%). And it puts Apple well within reach of #3 Stripe with 0.35% and #4 Braintree with 0.32% of transactions. This data puts Apple Pay ahead of Google Wallet, Amazon Payments and more than 50 other online payment technologies when it comes to the top 10,000 websites tracked by SimilarTech.com. Apple remains in the fifth position at 0.11% if looking at the top 100k websites as well. But since Apple Pay on the web just launched in September, it’s notably on much fewer websites in total so far compared to the competition. Apple Pay is currently only available on 1,035 websites in total according to the study. There are currently more than one million web site via PayPal, 38,000+ for Stripe, 13,000+ for Google Wallet and 8500+ for Amazon Payments. While Apple is on far fewer sites in total, its presence on the top 10k websites less than two months after launch shows it could soon overtake competitors and nip into PayPal’s market dominance. Apple Pay’s presence is expected to rise to some degree once the Touch Bar-equipped MacBook Pro notebooks begin shipping in the coming weeks. These units will represent the first Macs to include a Touch ID sensor for using Apple Pay on the web without the need for an iPhone or Apple Watch to authenticate payments. Stay tuned for additional details as they become available. Via 9to5Mac Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) More Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Related Recent Posts Touch Bar-equipped MacBook Pros sport new AMD GPUs, can drive dual 5K displays Microsoft hints at bringing Visual Studio to macOS, launch date unknown Rumor: AirPods could hit the shelves come December in limited quantities Rumor: AirPods may arrive come mid-November 1Password updated to 6.5, adds Touch Bar, Touch ID support among other changes Logging In... Leave a Reply Cancel reply Search Recent Posts Touch Bar-equipped MacBook Pros sport new AMD GPUs, can drive dual 5K displays Microsoft hints at bringing Visual Studio to macOS, launch date unknown Rumor: AirPods could hit the shelves come December in limited quantities 1Password updated to 6.5, adds Touch Bar, Touch ID support among other changes Rumor: AirPods may arrive come mid-November November 2016 M T W T F S S « Oct       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30   « Previous Post Next Post » Copyright © 1995- Jason D. O'Grady. All rights reserved. O'Grady's PowerPage is a No Beige Production. PowerPage.org | OGrady.com | Action Landscaping Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming Competitions Blenders Coffee Machines Cookers Dishwashers Fans Freezers More Fridge Freezers Fridges Garden Tools Irons Kettles Kitchen Gadgets Microwaves Mixers Ovens Personal Care Smart Home Steam Cleaners Toasters Tumble Dryers Vacuum Cleaners Washer Dryers Washing Machines Trending: iOS 10 Apple Watch 2 iPhone 7 Galaxy S7 vs iPhone 6S Google Pixel Galaxy S7 Home / Home appliances / Smart Home / Honeywell Lyric T6 Honeywell Lyric T6 review 0 shares Read Comments By David Ludlow Updated: 10 November 2016 1 of 10 Summary Our Score: 7 Page 1: Design, Performance & Verdict 10 Pictures Pros Geofencing works brilliantly Easy to use app HomeKit support provides voice control with Siri Cons Scheduling is inflexible Restrictive manual control when geofencing is turned on Best Deals for Honeywell Lyric T6 Key Features Geofenced temperature control Boiler gateway included Wired and wireless thermostat options Apple HomeKit support Android and iOS apps Manufacturer: Honeywell Review Price: £172.00 What is the Honeywell Lyric T6? With its Lyric T6 smart thermostat, Honeywell has created a heating system that's exceptionally easy to control,. As with the rival Tado Smart Thermostat, the Lyric T6 is largely controlled by your location, turning your heating off when you're out and back on when you're home. It's also the first Honeywell thermostat to hit the UK with Apple HomeKit support. Related: Apple will save the smart home dream from itself Honeywell Lyric T6 – Design and Build Honeywell has designed the T6 to be timeless and classic. It resembles a keyboard key, only it's larger, with its plain black plastic body letting the thermostat blend neatly into the background. There are funkier smart thermostats out there – such as the Nest – but the question is, are you going to be so enamoured of the design in years to come? With the Lyric T6, you get a clean and neat thermostat that won't age. And, over the past few weeks, its looks have certainly grown on me. A secondary bridge box hooks up to your boiler – or, it can control a second zone – and triggers the heating to come on when the thermostat requests it. This is a heating-only relay, and there's no option to control hot water at the moment. How you hook up the thermostat to the bridge will depend on the version you buy, since Honeywell has two Lyric T6 models available. The regular Lyric T6 model replaces an existing wall-mounted thermostat, using the existing wires for power and control. The second model, the Lyric T6R, costs around £20 more and connects wirelessly to the bridge. With this model, the thermostat is mounted on a stand and is powered by an external power adapter. All models of the Lyric have built-in Wi-Fi to connect to your home network. Honeywell Lyric T6 – Features Setting up the Lyric T6 is straightforward, although you should get a heating engineer to install it since the relay box uses mains power. Once the relay is in place, the app takes you through setting up the thermostat and connecting it to your Wi-Fi. It's a straightforward process, and I had mine working within 10 minutes. One of the first jobs is to set up geofencing, so the heating knows when to turn on and off based on your location. I like the way that the geofence radius can be set manually, rather than using an automatic range, so you can make the system work the way you want. Honeywell offers support for multiple users, so that you can kit out everyone in your house with the app and a user account. It means that your heating won't turn off just because one person has left. By default, the Lyric dumps complicated scheduling for simple control using three modes: Home, Away and Sleep. For Home and Away you set the temperatures you want, but the mode is activated by your location only. Sleep mode lets you set a temperature and define an on/off time, so you can have the heating turn down when it's time for bed. Running in this way, the Lyric T6 should be set-and-forget, so you should have to touch the thermostat or app rarely, letting the automatic settings deal with your heating. Alternatively, you can create your own schedule, choosing when the heating comes on and off, just as with a regular thermostat. There are options to have the same schedule every day, a different schedule for weekdays and the weekend, or you can set each day individual. Frustratingly, choosing the scheduled mode disables geolocation. It seems a little unfair that you can't have customisation and convenience. Tado, in comparison, lets you set a schedule and turn on geofencing. Honeywell Lyric T6 – Performance Honeywell has made the Lyric app simple to use, with a big temperature dial dominating the interface. Spinning the dial turns the temperature up. With geofencing turned on, temperature changes are kept until the next state change, such as Sleep or Away modes being activated. If you've turned on a full schedule, temperature changes are kept, by default, until the following morning, but you can set changes to be permanent or configure them to run on a timer. Again, it's a shame that you don't get the same flexibility when the geofenced mode is enabled. You can also turn your heating on and off, and manage temperature directly from the thermostat. Its touchscreen is quick to respond to commands, and the simple, clear display makes it both the set temperature and the current temperature obvious. I like the Holiday mode, which allows you to input into the thermostat when you're away, when you'll be back, and the temperature you want to keep your house at while you're away. You won't have to remember to turn the heating back on on your return, so you'll be met by a nice, warm home. Over time, the Lyric T6 learns how long your home takes to warm up. If you turn on Optimised Start, the Lyric T6 can use this information to turn on your heating early, so that your house is warm by the start time you've set. For cold winter mornings, this is a great option, as you can ensure that your house is warm by the time Sleep mode ends and you get out of bed. Honeywell Lyric T6 – HomeKit, Siri, Echo and IFTTT Since the Lyric T6 is HomeKit-enabled, you can set the thermostat's temperature using your voice by talking to Siri. As of iOS 10, you can also use the Home app for control. From the Home app, you can change temperature, but the controls are a little clunky and nowhere near as neat as those in the Lyric app itself. Using voice commands with Siri is better and more natural, with the thermostat changing temperature almost instantly after I'd issued my commands. The downside of Siri is that to use it, you have to have your phone out and available. Newer iPhone models listen out for the "OK Siri" wake command, but this only works if the phone's screen isn't covered. Amazon Echo (Alexa) and IFTTT support are due to come online soon. Echo support, in particular, makes much sense as you can just ask for a temperature change without having to fish your phone out of a pocket, with the system always on and ready to respond to voice activation. Should I buy the Honeywell Lyric T6? Honeywell has done a good job with the Lyric T6 and T6R. They're quick to respond, and the geofencing worked well in my tests. Competition is stiff, however, and the Tado Smart Thermostat is the closest rival. The Tado's scheduling is more flexible and you can upgrade the system with smart radiator valves for room-by-room control. It also supports HomeKit, Echo and IFTTT. That said, it's more expensive (£199 for the kit, plus £79 if you need the Extension bridge to connect to your boiler). Given that Honeywell's T6 kit includes the bridge, it's excellent value. If you just want a smart thermostat that you can largely set-and-forget, with a bit of manual control to tweak temperature, then the T6 is a great choice. However, more flexible scheduling in combination with geofencing would improve this product. Verdict A neat and responsive thermostat, the Honeywell Lyric T6 has a great app and geofencing, but scheduling isn't very flexible. Overall Score 7 Best Deals for Honeywell Lyric T6 0 shares Read Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2016, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « Apple's CEO Sends Memo out to Employees to Calm Election Aftermath Tensions and Anxiety | Main | Apple Updates 'Glass Fused Device Housing' Patent by shining a light on a Possible Illumination Feature » November 10, 2016 Apple Refines their Head-Mounted Display Device for a Second Time this Year   Today the US Patent & Trademark Office published yet another continuation patent from Apple that reveals further tweaking being made to their patent claims that could protect this invention in court. It's the details Apple wants to ensure are covered in a final product. Different continuation patents for Apple's future head mounted display device cover a different set of specifics that Apple wants protected. The original patent was first published in 2010, yet filed in 2008, is the master invention that goes deeper into the details of the invention including device's face plate, its camera possibilities, exterior controls, its use of haptics and more. Apple's invention was granted a patent back in  February 2015.   Then in March 2016 Apple began to tweak the patent claims of this future device and today Apple is seen once again further tweaking their patent claims as detailed below providing us with a glimpse of what's on their engineer team's mind as well as their legal team. Each patent claim presented below is new and the highlighted areas point out the specific changes and/or additions to the invention.   Hopefully Apple's ongoing invention tweaks are pointing to their team finalizing one of their next iDevices or iPhone accessories. An overview of the subject matter was covered in our January report titled "Apple's 'Secret' VR Team isn't that Secret Anymore."   Changes to Apple's Patent Claims   Patent Claim #1: An apparatus operable with a removable cellular telephone comprising: a head-mounted frame that is configured to support the removable cellular telephone; and first and second lenses coupled to the head-mounted frame through which the removable cellular telephone is viewable when the removable cellular telephone is supported by the head-mounted frame.   Patent Claim #2: The apparatus defined in claim 1, further comprising a button on the head-mounted frame that is configured to control the removable cellular telephone.   Patent Claim #3: The apparatus defined in claim 1, further comprising a control on the head-mounted frame that is configured to receive input from a user, and wherein the control is configured to control the removable cellular telephone in response to the input from the user.   The 'Control' is specified further in patent claim #13: "The device defined in claim 8, further comprising a touch sensor on the support structure that is configured to control the cellular telephone." Further, Apple specifically notes in patent claim #15 that "The device defined in claim 14, wherein the control comprises a wheel." This could be point to an iPod-like scroll wheel.   Patent Claim #10: The device defined in claim 9, further comprising a clip for securing the cellular telephone within the mounting region.   Patent Claim #16: The device defined in claim 8, further comprising an accelerometer.   And lastly, Apple adds in patent claim #20 that "The head-mounted device defined in claim 19, wherein the member has a nose recess, and wherein the member is configured to be supported on the user's nose."   Apple's continuation patent 20160327799 was filed back in July 2016 and published today by USPTO. Considering that this is a continuation patent filing, the timing of such a product to market is unknown at this time.   Patently Apple presents a detailed summary of patent applications with associated graphics for journalistic news purposes as each such patent application is revealed by the U.S. Patent & Trade Office. Readers are cautioned that the full text of any patent application should be read in its entirety for full and accurate details. About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.         Posted by Jack Purcher on November 10, 2016 at 05:20 AM in 1. Patent Applications, Accessories, Augmented Reality | Permalink Comments Verify your Comment Previewing your Comment Posted by:  |  This is only a preview. Your comment has not yet been posted. Your comment could not be posted. Error type: Your comment has been saved. Comments are moderated and will not appear until approved by the author. Post another comment The letters and numbers you entered did not match the image. Please try again. As a final step before posting your comment, enter the letters and numbers you see in the image below. This prevents automated programs from posting comments. Having trouble reading this image? View an alternate. Post a comment Comments are moderated, and will not appear until the author has approved them. Comment below or sign in with Typepad Facebook TwitterGoogle+and more... You are currently signed in as (nobody). Sign Out (You can use HTML tags like <b> <i> and <ul> to style your text. URLs automatically linked.) Your Information (Name is required. Email address will not be displayed with the comment.) Name is required to post a comment Please enter a valid email address Invalid URL Please enable JavaScript if you would like to comment on this blog. Search Recent Posts Apple Wins 61 Patents Today Covering Future iPad Pro Accessories including a High-End Dock/Pivoting Stand and more Apple Granted a Patent for a Sports Version of Apple EarPods Apple Reportedly working on Digital Glasses Supporting Telephony and Augmented Reality MacBook Pro Reviews fly in while Apostle Schiller continues to Warns us of the Evils of a Touch Display on Macs Samsung Aggressively Gets into Apple's Face with Moves into AI and Telematics with Harman Acquisition Chinese State Publication Warns President Elect Trump that any Tariffs on Chinese Goods Would be bad News for Apple Microsoft, Apple and Google Aim to Extend Touch Technologies to a World of new Devices and Applications Samsung sets their Eyes on a Revolutionary Holographic TV Lest we Forget: Remembrance and Veterans Day 2016 Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports 6. Patently Xtra News 7. Snap News 8. Apple-IBM MobileFirst 9. Apple Events & Financial Related Accessories Apple & Market Statistics Apple - Macs Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple iTunes / Apple Music Apple Pay, iWallet, NFC Related Apple Pencil - Smart Pen Apple Store Apple Watch + Other Wearables AppleTV Related Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible Facial Recognition & 3D Related Future Interfaces Green Technology Haptics & Tactile iBeacon News + Inductive, Wireless Charging Liquid Metal Location Related Maps Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Applications Projection Related Security Related Smart Bezels + Social Networking Software + OS Solar Energy Sports Related Travel Related Vehicle Related Videos Videos (Reports with) See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
In English На русском Հայերեն Full version November 10, 2016 - 15:14 AMT SHARE iPhone 8 to offer OLED display? Apple may sit atop the smartphone tree, but the iPhone 7 didn't exactly provide customers with a much-needed overhaul, Digital Spy said. Apple may sit atop the smartphone tree, but the iPhone 7 didn't exactly provide customers with a much-needed overhaul. That's something the company will reportedly look to change in next year's update, and a vital clue pointing to this may have just been uncovered, Digital Spy reveals. After deep-diving into the Cupertino giant's most recent Securities and Exchange Commission 10-K filing, multinational banking company JP Morgan came across a purchase order for what may be OLED panels. The order extends for an entire year, and is valued at around $4 billion. The Cupertino giant has long been expected to offer an iPhone with OLED display - the same as rivals Samsung - and the iPhone 8 could be the perfect opportunity to finally unveil the change, Digital Spy said. As AppleInsider notes, this uncovered order coincides with an "off-balance sheet obligation" for the same amount from Q3, which could be related to Apple sourcing panels from Sammy itself. But while some signs point to the South Korean company providing screens to its rival, it's also likely it isn't the only supplier. After all, Sharp's CEO recently revealed that Apple is shifting to OLED screens, while Japan Display has also confirmed plans to move to OLED mass production. But what are the benefits of such a move? Well, despite Apple always opting to roll out LCD screens with the iPhone, OLED is widely considered to be the better option. The latter allows for pixels to emit individual light, leading to improved efficiency, while also offering stronger shades of dark colours. Despite all this, it's important to remember that we still sit almost a year away from anything being official, so make sure to season any rumours with salt, Digital Spy said. SHARE PanARMENIAN.Net © 2000—2016
indiatimes logo News Lifestyle Entertainment Health Videos Sports Trending #Breathless indiatimes logo Menu Facebook After Donald Trump's Win, Tim Cook Pens An Encouraging Letter To His Employees, Q... Share facebook twitter reddit facebook twitter search X Loading...... Load more Home News India World Sports Weird Lifestyle Self Style Tech Who we are Travel Food Entertainment Bollywood Celebscoop Hollywood Health Healthy Living Recipes Inspire Tips & Tricks Buzz Videos Sports Trending #Breathless Follow indiatimes facebook twitter     world After Donald Trump's Win, Tim Cook Pens An Encouraging Letter To His Employees, Quotes Martin Luther King Jr Anjali Bisaria November 10, 2016 1.8k facebook twitter reddit spotlight PARTNER6 Ways Your Bridesmaid Can Help You Keep Calm On The Big Day PARTNERLove Music?These Are The 11 Best Coke Studio Songs That You Need On Your Playlist Right Now PARTNER5 Extraordinary People Who Beat All Odds And Chased Their Dreams After Five Decades And Over 200 Films In Hollywood, Jackie Chan Finally Takes Home An Oscar Akshay-Twinkle's Koffee With Karan Episode Was More Entertaining Than All KJo's Films Put Together! Trending In Days Of Demonetisation, This Karnataka Billionaire Is Spending Rs 500 Cr On His Daughter’s Wedding 24.5k Shares Did This One Gujarati Man Surrender Almost Rs 6,000 Crore In Old Cash + Other Major Stories Of The Day 2k Shares Did The Man Who Bought Modi's Suit For Rs 4.3 Crore, Surrender Rs 6,000 Crore In Old Currency? 22k Shares Why India Can’t Hide Its Love For Israel Anymore 30.9k Shares After the results of the American elections, the Apple chief Tim Cook has written to his employees a letter that aims at assuaging their emotions following Donald Trump's historic win to become the 45th President of the United States of America. Reuters Cook sent out an all-hands memo to his US Apple employees, asking them to unite and move forward together, irrespective of whose side they chose during the elections. Addressing the volatile situation, Cook neither takes Trump's name nor does he comment on his claims that in the past, were aimed at making things difficult for Apple. In his letter, Cook writes, Team, I’ve heard from many of you today about the presidential election. In a political contest where the candidates were so different and each received a similar number of popular votes, it’s inevitable that the aftermath leaves many of you with strong feelings. NBC News We have a very diverse team of employees, including supporters of each of the candidates. Regardless of which candidate each of us supported as individuals, the only way to move forward is to move forward together. I recall something Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. said 50 years ago: “If you can’t fly, then run. If you can’t run, then walk. If you can’t walk, then crawl, but whatever you do you have to keep moving forward.” This advice is timeless, and a reminder that we only do great work and improve the world by moving forward. Reuters While there is discussion today about uncertainties ahead, you can be confident that Apple’s North Star hasn’t changed. Our products connect people everywhere, and they provide the tools for our customers to do great things to improve their lives and the world at large. Our company is open to all, and we celebrate the diversity of our team here in the United States and around the world — regardless of what they look like, where they come from, how they worship or who they love. I’ve always looked at Apple as one big family and I encourage you to reach out to your co-workers if they are feeling anxious. Let’s move forward — together! Best, Tim 1.8k facebook twitter reddit Comment Here Follow @indiatimes Our Channels News Lifestyle Entertainment Health Videos Sports Trending Sections india world sports weird self style Tech who we are travel food bollywood celebscoop hollywood Healthy Living Recipes Inspire Tips & Tricks Buzz Photogallery Indiatimes Lifestyle Network MENS XP iDiva Luxury Ask Men Pursuitist Specials #FRONTLINES #GOFORGOLD #INDIANAMA Other Sites News – TO CricBuzz Happy Trips Business Insider ZoomTv Gizmodo Lifehacker IGN BoxTV Gaana Online Shopping Techradar Daily Deals Gitanjali Shop Satvik Shop WHAT'S HOT ZigWheels FILMIPOP Filmfare Femina Mobile Greetings Follo Jobs Property Astrology Speaking Tree Matrimonial iTimes Ads2book TcNext Romedy Now About us Mobile Apps ARCHIVES sitemap Contact us ABOUT INDIATIMES Privacy Policy Terms & CONDITIONS Copyright © 2016 Times Internet Limited. Powered by Indiatimes Lifestyle Network. All rights reserved Archive | Sitemap | About Us | Contact Us | Privacy Policy | Indiatimes Mobile | Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy
null

FIRSTPOST TECH2 FAKING NEWS News & Analysis Reviews Startup Gaming Biztech Auto Videos TechFirstpost most commented Google Allo, WhatsApp, Messenger, Telegram; which is the best messaging app for you? By Rehan Hooda 13   Comments Rs 500, Rs 1,000 notes banned: What is ATM Recalibration and why it could take 2-3 weeks By Naina Khedekar 5   Comments Researchers find that surface of Mars is so dry that it is uninhabitable 4   Comments Currency ban: An analysis of social media sentiment around India’s latest financial regulation By Nash David 3   Comments Demonetisation: To get India to trade and transact digitally, UPI needs to succeed By Nash David 3   Comments Top Reviews Pixel XL (32GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 67,000 iPhone 7 Plus (256GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 92,000 ThinkPad X1 Carbon (Core i5-6300U) Editor rating : 8 Price: 106,000 XPS 13 Core i7 (Z560035HIN9) Editor rating : 8 Price: 133,000 Z2 Plus (4GB RAM/64GB) Editor rating : 7.5 Price: 19,999 You are here: Home > News & Analysis> Tim Cook asks employees to work together and move forward after surprise Trump victory #Tim Cook Image: Reuters. 0 By Aditya Madanapalle /  11 Nov 2016 , 13:01 Tim Cook sent a letter to Apple employees calling for unity, and quoting the advice of Martin Luther King Jr. “If you can’t fly, then run. If you can’t run, then walk. If you can’t walk, then crawl, but whatever you do you have to keep moving forward.” The letter does not mention Trump directly. Over the course of his campaign, Trump has directly threatened harsh measures on Apple, including forcing the company to manufacture the phones on American soil. Speaking on Apple refusing to cooperate with law enforcement officials in unlocking a device, Trump called for a boycott of Apple products. “Boycott Apple until such time as they give that information. It just occurred to me” Trump had said during his campaign. Later on, Trump Tweeted that he would personally only use his Samsung device till Apple handed over the information. I use both iPhone & Samsung. If Apple doesn't give info to authorities on the terrorists I'll only be using Samsung until they give info. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 19, 2016 The letter by Cook is an effort to ease the anxiety of employees, where he asks the employees to help each other out. Indirectly addressing the rhetoric used by Trump over the course of his presidential campaign, Cook wrote “Our company is open to all, and we celebrate the diversity of our team here in the United States and around the world — regardless of what they look like, where they come from, how they worship or who they love.” The entire memo is available at Buzzfeed. Team, I’ve heard from many of you today about the presidential election. In a political contest where the candidates were so different and each received a similar number of popular votes, it’s inevitable that the aftermath leaves many of you with strong feelings. We have a very diverse team of employees, including supporters of each of the candidates. Regardless of which candidate each of us supported as individuals, the only way to move forward is to move forward together. I recall something Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. said 50 years ago: “If you can’t fly, then run. If you can’t run, then walk. If you can’t walk, then crawl, but whatever you do you have to keep moving forward.” This advice is timeless, and a reminder that we only do great work and improve the world by moving forward. While there is discussion today about uncertainties ahead, you can be confident that Apple’s North Star hasn’t changed. Our products connect people everywhere, and they provide the tools for our customers to do great things to improve their lives and the world at large. Our company is open to all, and we celebrate the diversity of our team here in the United States and around the world — regardless of what they look like, where they come from, how they worship or who they love. I’ve always looked at Apple as one big family and I encourage you to reach out to your co-workers if they are feeling anxious. Let’s move forward — together! Best, Tim The sentiments were echoed by Satya Nadella, CEO of Microsoft, who responded to the Trump victory by saying “Our commitment to our mission and values are steadfast, and in particular fostering a diverse and inclusive culture.” Sundar Pichai, CEO of Google, had posted an open letter on Medium, that said “I firmly believe that whether you’re building a company or leading a country, a diverse mix of voices and backgrounds and experiences leads to better discussions, better decisions, and better outcomes for everyone.” A Trump win could have serious repercussions on technology companies. Tim Cook had held a fundraiser to help support the Clinton campaign. Tim Cook seems to be more anti-Trump than pro-Hillary because he had earlier hosted a fundraiser for Republican candidate Bernie Sanders. Silicon Valley executives apparently had a secret meeting on an Island where they discussed plans to stop Trump from winning the presidency. Apple CEO Tim Cook, Google co-founder Larry Page, Sean Parker, and Elon Musk CEO of SpaceX and Tesla were at the meeting. (Also Read: President Trump: What Microsoft, Facebook and other tech CEOs said) Silicon Valley had collectively rolled its eyes after Trump warned of a bubble in the technology sector. Trump claims that the unicorn companies, startups with a valuation of over a billion dollars, are overvalued and are attracting investments while not being profitable. Silicon Valley collectively rejected this warning. Tech CEOs including Jeff Bezos, Sundar Pichai, Steve Wozniak, Pierre Omidyar, Meg Whitman and Marc Benioff all openly supported Clinton in the lead up to the election. Peter Thiel, a venture capitalist and Palmer Luckey of Oculus stood out for their open support for Trump. Tags: Apple, Donald Trump, Google, Microsoft, Oculus, Silicon Valley, Tesla, Tim Cook Also read Satya Nadella congratulates Donald Trump on becoming the 45th US president 5 reasons why Trumpnomics may go easy on Indian techies X Recommended For You Apple may get into wearable business with glass headsets President Trump: What Microsoft, Facebook and other tech CEOs said Tim Cook and Apple are betting on Augmented Reality being the next big thing Apple’s new TV app: Here’s all you need to know Subscribe to our newsletter GO You are Now Subscribed to our Newsletter - Stay Tuned ! FOLLOW US ON Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. LAPTOP Reviews Rating : 7.5 / 10 Acer Aspire S13 review: This might just be the best Windows-based Ultrabook in its price range Rating : 7 / 10 Asus ROG G551VW review: An excellent balance of price and performance Rating : 5.5 / 10 iBall Compbook Excelance review: Cheap and built to match Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus EeeBook X205TA review: For students on a budget; but low storage and no USB 3.0 port are downers #Google Nov 15, 2016 Google uses machine learning to upscale and enhance low quality photos #Online harassment Nov 15, 2016 Online abuse and harassment continue to remain a grave issue according to “Freedom on the Net 2016” #superparamagnetic Nov 15, 2016 Chinese researchers develop superparamagnetic crystals that can revolutionise drug delivery #Internet of Things Nov 15, 2016 Reliance Group teams-up with Cisco Jasper to make ‘UNLIMIT’, a IoT services providing venture #Emission Nov 15, 2016 Batteries are better than hydrogen fuel cells for reducing emissions: Study SMARTPHONE Reviews Rating : 6.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime: Great battery life; but competition offers better value for money Rating : 5.5 / 10 Karbonn Quattro L52 VR Review: Don’t bother buying this Rating : 7 / 10 Honor 5C review: A well-balanced device that lacks any defining quality Rating : 8 / 10 Yu Yureka Review: Micromax delivers a good, affordable 4G-enabled phablet; Should Xiaomi worry? T & C Policy Contact Us US Election 2016 Copyright © 2016 Tech2.com
Master Herald Sports Technology TV Social Cars Politics Middle East Pulse Menu Sports Technology TV Social Cars Politics Middle East Pulse Apple Watch Series 2 Made into a Serious Fitness Tracker Because Predecessor was Primarily Being Used for Self-Betterment of Health, More Details! Posted By: Arash FekriPosted date: November 11, 2016In: Technology Page 1 of 212» The American tech giant has turned its Apple Watch Series 2 into a serious fitness tracker after learning that the Apple Watch, which it released in April last year, was primarily being used by consumers for self-betterment of their health and physical conditions. While the Apple Watch Series 2 remains a smartwatch in general, Apple has utilized modern technology to turn it into a fitness device to serve as the consumers’ alternative for Fitbits, Jawbones, Garmins, Polars, and smart scales, notes The Verge. Apple learned that people are willing to shell out money to pay for technology that promises an ironic escape from technology, even if it is only for 30-minute sweaty increments of time. With the addition of GPS and better swim-proof capability, Apple Watch Series 2 has certainly become more of a fitness tracker. The new, distilled software means it also does not have ambitions of acting like a smartphone replacement but more like a useful accessory for health purposes. Four variants of the Apple Watch Series 2 Just like its predecessor, the Apple Watch Series 2 initially comes in three models. The least expensive aluminum model starts at $369; the stainless steel model that starts at $549; and a ceramic model that starts at $1,249. It should be noted that all of these models have the same internals, just different exterior materials. There is also a Nike-branded version of the sports watch that shipped late last month. It is geared specifically toward runners. The aesthetics are a bit different than other models of the Apple Watch Series 2. Most noticeable is a specially perforated band that Apple described as light, breathable, and lightweight. And on the software side, the interface is distraction free, a shortcut takes the user straight to run tracking, and basic metrics like calorie count and steps are a tap away. Apple has even gone ahead and upgraded the original Apple Watch with a faster processor and a lower starting price point of $269. With the addition of the WatchOS 3 software, the first-gen watch will also get many of the features of the newer one. Apple Watch Series 2 looks almost exactly like the Apple Watch. It is basically similar to the iPhone 7 because it looks exactly like the iPhone 6S or even the earlier iPhone 6. But there are obvious differences too. The OLED display on the Apple Watch Series 2 is brighter. In fact, Apple claims that it’s the brightest display it has ever made. The new level of water resistance of the smartwatch will please a lot of people because it is something that impacts not just swimmers but anyone who has jumped in a pool with the watch on, or simply in the showers. The addition of GPS is a much bigger deal. It was easy to knock the first Apple Watch as a fitness device. Now a user can go outside, without his iPhone, and run and cycle and hike to his heart’s content and the Apple Watch Series 2 will receive a GPS signal. It will calculate his distances and show a map of his workout in the Activity app on his iPhone. Still a lot of work to do Amid all the improvements on the Apple Watch Series 2, some of the hassles from the Apple Watch still remain, which means that there is still a lot of work to do for Apple to do an even better Apple Watch 3 in the future. Although it has a bigger battery than the first Apple Watch, the Apple Watch Series 2 is still a charge-every-day kind of thing especially for those who are using it as a fitness tracker, notes Digital Trends. It would have been good if the smartwatch can go longer than 24 hours and not be like an iPhone that needs charging on a daily basis. Page 1 of 212» Like 0 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Share 0 Related Articles Kingdom Hearts 3 to Have an Exciting Story and Gameplay Featuring the Keyblade Battle of the Light and the Darkness November 15, 2016 Clash of Clans New Updates to Focus on Combating Cheaters, New Units Possibly Coming, And More November 15, 2016 Samsung Galaxy S8 to Feature Many Bells and Whistles After the Korean Tech Giant’s Fiery Fall from Grace with the Galaxy Note 7! November 15, 2016 Leave a Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Pages About Master Herald Ads Contact Us Staff Categories Cars Middle East Pulse Politics Social Sports Technology TV About Us Address: Al-Mashroot Akhbar Company, 75 Al Iskan Street, P.O. Box 5230, Post Code 115, Muscat, Sultanate of Oman Email: Info [at] MasterHerald.com
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Comment: Apple selling a $79 MacBook Pro power adapter without a USB-C cable is a step too far Trending in Apple Review: Late-2016 13-inch MacBook Pro without Touch Bar [Video] Trending in Apple All the dongles I bought for my new USB-C 2016 MacBook Pro — how annoying will it really be? Trending in Apple How Apple’s stock apps will use the Touch Bar on the new MacBook Pro [Gallery] Trending in Apple Opinion: How long before an iPhone completely replaces standalone cameras? Trending in Apple Poll: What is your view of the all-USB-C ports on the new MacBook Pro? November 10 AAPL: 107.79 -3.09 Tim Cook emails all employees to call for unity after divisive presidential election Ben Lovejoy - 5 days ago @benlovejoy Tim Cook View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Following the conclusion of an extremely divisive presidential election, Apple CEO Tim Cook has sent an email to all employees calling for unity and for people to move forward together. As Buzzfeed noted, Cook does not reference the president-elect by name. Cook’s email also reiterates Apple’s own values … Team, I’ve heard from many of you today about the presidential election. In a political contest where the candidates were so different and each received a similar number of popular votes, it’s inevitable that the aftermath leaves many of you with strong feelings. We have a very diverse team of employees, including supporters of each of the candidates. Regardless of which candidate each of us supported as individuals, the only way to move forward is to move forward together. I recall something Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. said 50 years ago: “If you can’t fly, then run. If you can’t run, then walk. If you can’t walk, then crawl, but whatever you do you have to keep moving forward.” This advice is timeless, and a reminder that we only do great work and improve the world by moving forward. While there is discussion today about uncertainties ahead, you can be confident that Apple’s North Star hasn’t changed. Our products connect people everywhere, and they provide the tools for our customers to do great things to improve their lives and the world at large. Our company is open to all, and we celebrate the diversity of our team here in the United States and around the world — regardless of what they look like, where they come from, how they worship or who they love. I’ve always looked at Apple as one big family and I encourage you to reach out to your co-workers if they are feeling anxious. Let’s move forward — together! Best, Tim Apple’s relationship with Trump has so far been a frosty one. Trump called for a boycott of Apple products following the company’s refusal to create a GovOS version of iOS for the FBI. Apple responded by stating that being criticized by Trump ‘puts the company in standing with other good people.’ Apple also decided to withhold its usual financial and technological support for the GOP convention following its selection of Trump as party nominee. Cook and Trump do have one thing in common, however: they both want tax reform that would make it cheaper for the company to repatriate overseas earnings. Cook has repeatedly called for this, and Trump has pledged to reduce taxes on repatriated income from 35% to 10%. Photo: Time Guides Tim Cook The CEO of Apple View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
Please try again! TECHRADAR.INTechnology Tested LogoutLoginRegister TECHRADAR.INTechnology Tested TECHRADAR.IN Home News Reviews How to Phones Wearables Apps Cameras Laptops TR Pro More TVs Tablets Components Gaming Computing AV Software Web Trending Android Nougat Pokemon Go Samsung Galaxy Note 7 Reliance Jio iPhone 7 Home» news» phone and communications» You are here Apple’s U.S. online store now selling refurbished iPhones iPhone on the cheapBy Chethan Rao | Nov 10, 2016, 04.16 PM IST FacebookLinkedinTwitterGoogle+Reddit Continue reading Apple was planning to sell its refurbished smartphones in the Indian subcontinent until the government intervened. But that’s not going to stop the company from selling refurbished products through its American online store. Starting Tuesday, Apple has started selling refurbished iPhones from its online store in the U.S.. Currently, only the iPhone 6s and the 6s Plus are being offered, so the choices are quite limited for the customers. However, this could pave the way for more products to soon hit the refurb market over the coming days. While refurbished devices are generally frowned upon by some users, it gives the customers an option to get the iPhone experience for a fraction of the cost. Since this is Apple certified, the products are going to be in perfect working condition as well. Apple has been selling refurbished Macs, iPods as well as iPads around the world (barring India) for quite some time. However, iPhones are hitting Apple’s refurbished online inventory for the very first time. As we mentioned above, refurb iPhones are only available online in the U.S. at the moment, so it seems like customers in other parts of the world might have to wait a while. (Source: Gadgets 360 and 9To5Mac) Tags: refurbished iPhones iPhone 6S Plus iPhone 6S iPhone Apple’s U.S. online store Apple Follow Techradar onfacebookLiketwitterFollowgplusFollow Contribute to TechradarWrite for Us More from this author Galaxy S8 to launch in 5.7 and 6.2-inch variants Vivo V5 and V5 Plus gearing up for an Indian launch today Paytm encouraging merchants to use the platform with a 1% bank transfer fee Samsung acquires Harman International for $8 billion OnePlus 3T launching November 15: Is the six-month upgrade cycle a good idea? Related Stories iPhone 6S Plus Apple to debut iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus in India on October 16! Apple iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus: 6 things you need to know The best Australian iPhone 6S Plus plans Our iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus verdicts are in Join the discussion with Techradar India Characters Remaining: 3000 Share on Twitter X Sort By:NewestOldestDiscussedUp VotedDown Voted Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message Trending on Techradar Rs 2000 note water test video crosses more than 4 million views One Plus 3T launching today; Everything you need to know Major layoffs in tech companies in 2016: Is it going to get worse? Editor's Pick The 10 best tablets you can buy in 2016 Will self-driving cars ever be a mainstream reality? The 10 best tablets you can buy in 2016 Gallery Flipkart Accessories Carnival - Top five deals you should look for Comments Got a new Rs 2000 note? 5 best gadgets you can buy under 2K Comments Best smartphones you can buy between Rs 15,000 - 20,000! Comments 5 Best Apps of 2016 Comments Subscribe to latest stories Trending on Social Still using your Galaxy Note 7? Here's what Samsung is doing now Trending on Facebook Do the new ₹2000 notes have in-built Nano-GPS chips technology? Trending on Facebook 70 common Windows 10 problems and how to solve them Trending on Facebook AdAge Unicorns #AdAgeUnicorns: Mahesh Murthy to Share His Journey on Nov 16 Five Ways In Which Arnab Goswami Changed Indian Journalism The Little Known Side of Arnab Goswami #AdAgeUnicorns: KV Sridhar’s Most Celebrated Work Promoted Stories Recommended By Colombia Huffington Post The Good, The Bad And The Ugly Smartphone 'Fans' After Google Phone, We Might See Google Watches Freedom 251 Maker Launches LED TV For ₹9900 Learn at Coursera Master Business Fundamentals from Wharton Leadership and Business Skill for Immediate Impact Take Big Data from University of California San Diego Times of India Technology Apple iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus price details revealed, goes up to Rs 92,000 Apple slashes prices of iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus by up to Rs 22,000 WhatsApp privacy policy challenged in Delhi High Court: 5 things to know Apple iOS 10 surpasses iOS 9 in early adoption in just 24 hours The best iPhone games 2016 The best free iPhone games on the planet MobiKwik, PayTM ‘cash in' on the black money crackdown Samsung Galaxy S8: release date and everything you should know 1Apple’s U.S. online store now selling refurbished iPhones 2The best iPhone games 2016 3The best free iPhone games on the planet 4MobiKwik, PayTM ‘cash in' on the black money crackdown 5Samsung Galaxy S8: release date and everything you should know More from techradar newstrack TRBC Apple Phones Microsoft TRBCFeature phonescarousel Computing Google phonescarousel phonescarousel android gaming Software Samsung Smartphones Wearables galleryarticle Howto iPhone windows 10 Internet Tablets Sony laptops video phonescarousel IOS Apps Facebook security world of tech audio visual LG Amazon TRBCExtra Netflix downloads Streaming Connect with Us About us Privacy Contact Us Authors Terms of Use & Greivance Policy TIMES GLOBAL PARTNERS Times Global Partners is an initiative focused on partnering with Established and Emerging Global Digital Companies for growing their presence and business in India through growth in their Brand, audience, adoption, distribution and monetization. BUSINESS INSIDER The pros and cons of e-wallets like Paytm, Fr... This billionaire politician built a palace in... Money grows on trees, literallyLeEco gets new APAC President and secures US$... Read More LIFEHACKER WhatsApp Introduces Video CallingHacks Hoarders are Using to Convert Black Mon... Old Rs 500 and 1000 Notes Will be Accepted at... Nail Your Next Interview With Smart Small Tal... Read More GIZMODO You can't go wrong with Marshall's new Blueto... Huawei launches the Mate 9 Pro- a premium upg... Lenovo now no. 2 smartphone brand in India, o... How to know if the ATM nearby has cash or not Read More ASKMEN A UFC Fighter Trains Two Porn Stars In MMAScience Reveals Why We Can't Get Catchy Songs... CrossFit Champion Ben Smith Has The Fittest F... Kelee Meditation Read More IGN Mirror's Edge and Mirror's Edge Catalyst now ... New Skyrim patch released, some users report ... Deadpool 3 already being planned, may introdu... Steep: Gameplay of all 4 winter sports Read More ADVERTISING AGE Top 3 Ads of the Week: McDonald’s, Tinder & M... Faber India Assigns Digital Duties to Bottle ... Google To Restrict Ads on Websites Featuring ... McDowell's Rolls Out Another Soul Stirring Ca... Read More PURSUITIST A Duchess in the Making—Meghan MarkleDesigner Eye Candy: Hottest Men Burning Fashi... Coolest Silver Screen Cameos of Iconic Watche... Role Play: Guess Which Actors Will Soon Sizzl... Read More HUFFINGTONPOST The Good, The Bad And The Ugly Smartphone 'Fa... After Google Phone, We Might See Google Watch... Freedom 251 Maker Launches LED TV For ₹9900Ringing Bells Wants The Government To Invest ... Read More COURSERA Master Business Fundamentals from WhartonLeadership and Business Skill for Immediate I... Take Big Data from University of California S... Take Machine Learning from University of Wash... Read More PCMAG Zelda Isn't a Nintendo Switch Launch TitlePCMag Holiday Wish List 2016: The Tech We Wan... June Intelligent OvenCrunchyroll Read More Techspot Apple reportedly working on Google Glass-styl... Facebook employees have reportedly created a ... OnePlus 3T to launch today: Here’s what we kn... WhatsApp video calling now finally arrives fo... Read More IGN Mirror's Edge and Mirror's Edge Catalyst now ... New Skyrim patch released, some users report ... Deadpool 3 already being planned, may introdu... Steep: Gameplay of all 4 winter sports Read More Copyright @ 2016. Times Internet Limited. All rights reserved.For reprint rights. Times Syndication Service. x Subscribe for latest stories
Pocket-lint Sections Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR News Reviews Features Deals YouTube Instagram Facebook Twitter Google+ search Phones Best Phone Cameras Fitness trackers Parent hub Smart home EE Pocket-lint Awards Apple could introduce truly wireless charging with iPhone 8 Max Langridge10 November 2016Phones Pocket-lint Wireless charging up to 15ft No need to place iPhone on wireless charging plate Facebook Twitter Pintrest LinkedIn Google+ Mail Comment Apple is expected to skip the 'S' generation for next year's iPhone release and go straight for 8. Because it will be 10 years of the iPhone, it's hoped the tech giant will make some huge changes to the ubiquitous device rather than just incremental updates. Apple iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus: What's the story so far? One of those could be the introduction of truly wireless charging. We've already reported that Foxconn, the manufacturer of the iPhone, is working on wireless charging modules but they'll only see the light of the day if they can be mass produced and be of good quality. But now there's a new report that suggests Apple could implement wireless charging that would let the iPhone be charged from a distance up to 15ft, with a transmitter plugged into a wall socket and a receiver embedded in the iPhone. The technology is being developed by Energous and there's several signs that suggest it's working with Apple. Energous has previously said it's working with a "tier 1" smartphone manufacturer, the only other large manufacturer would be Samsung. But Energous has allegedly recently received a $10 million investment from Dialog Semiconductor, a company whose top customer is Apple, accounting for nearly 70 percent of Dialog's sales. Nothing has been confirmed by any party for now, so this should be taken with a pinch of salt. Even if Apple is working on wireless charging, it may not feature in the iPhone 8 but in a future release instead. The iPhone 8 is also expected to feature an OLED display for the first time on an iPhone and will lose the home button in favour of an embedded sensor, which will make the screen larger than before while keeping the same size dimensions as the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. Sections Apple Phones Via: BGR Is the OnePlus 3T launch being streamed online and where can I watch it? Meeting Miyamoto: Mario creator talks Super Mario Run and Nintendo's mobile... OnePlus 3T: Release date, rumours and everything you need to know When is Android 7.1 Nougat coming to my phone? Popular In Phones On Pocket-lint Is the OnePlus 3T launch being streamed online and where can I watch it? When is Android 7.1 Nougat coming to my phone? OnePlus 3T: Release date, rumours and everything you need to know Will Galaxy S8 be Samsung's first phone with a Force Touch display? Best Black Friday UK phone deals: Apple, Samsung, Android phone deals galore New evidence to suggest iPhone 8 will come with curved bezel-less screen The Huawei P10 could be one incredibly powerful smartphone if leaked specs are real Five great deals in the GearBest 11.11 sale What is the Mannequin Challenge? Plus, the best ones on the web Huawei Mate 9 review: The big-screen boss Is the OnePlus 3T launch being streamed online and where can I watch it? Can't buy a NES Classic Mini? How to build your own retro console for just £50 When is Android 7.1 Nougat coming to my phone? Nintendo Switch: Release date, price, specs and everything you need to know Best UK Black Friday and Cyber Monday 2016 deals Black Friday UK laptop deals: The best laptop deals online Quick! Amazon Prime membership slashed to £59 as a limited offer Best Black Friday UK tablet deals: iPad, Android, Surface, Amazon and more Best Black Friday UK TV deals: 4K, HDR, OLED TVs and more OnePlus 3T: Release date, rumours and everything you need to know Comments search News All news Reviews Hands-on All reviews Features Buyer's guides Vs All features Sections Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR Popular Brands Apple Samsung HTC Microsoft Google Facebook Lego Panasonic LG Amazon Extras & Social Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Google+ YouTube Events Pocket-lint Gadget Awards Regulars Comps Deals Copyright Pocket-lint ltd 2003 - 2016 Site map Contact us About us Reviews policy Site policy Advertise on Pocket-lint
 Search  Subscribe menu Home NEWS Close National features Africa World Eish! Multimedia Close Business Close Business News Personal Finance My Small Business Analysis & Profiles Glacier by Sanlam promo Close SPORT Close Soccer Cricket Rugby Golf Other Columns Close PHAKAAATHI Close LOCAL NEWS international news EDITOR’S BLOG FAN ZONE PSL Mgosi African News Close YOUR LIFE Close Celebrities Fitness and Health – The Citizen shares health and fitness tips and news Food Entertainment Soapies Friday feeling Close MOTORING Close News Motor Sport NEW CAR PRICE GUIDE Close HORSES Close news Columns Close OPINION Close Columns Editorials Today’s cartoon Cartoons Talking Point – The Citizen’s readers weigh in on issues affecting us all Ghost Cartoonist Close Buy Close auctions classifieds buy in bulk Close Rewards Close Subscribers Competitions Close Digital Life 10.11.2016 12:51 pm Huawei steps into Samsung gap Arthur Goldstuck AFP/File / John MacDougall Huawei is well behind Samsung as a maker of mobile devices, but the Chinese firm has a large networking business and its research arm last year spent over $9 billion New kid on the tech block promises two days of uninterrupted performance. Five years ago, which represents many lifetimes in the smartphone world, Samsung sent shock waves through the industry when it announced it had sold 10 million units of its Galaxy Note, the device that introduced the world to the “phablet” concept of large-screen phones. Its wild popularity utterly contradicted all the derision heaped on it by hip online technology media. Engadget, then still enamoured with the iPhone’s miniature screen, harrumphed that it was “obnoxiously large”. No wonder people tend to forget the first Note had a mere 5.3-inch screen. By the time Apple caught up with a 5.5-inch screen on the iPhone 6 Plus in 2014, the same publication soothingly declared: “The market has changed, and it’s high time Apple did the same.” Today, the phablet market is the most vigorously contested of all smartphone segments. But the main contenders for the large-screen crown have all but abdicated. Samsung’s beautifully designed Note 7 not only crashed and burned, it also proved to be such a public relations disaster that it became the first device ever banned by model name from all major airlines. Meanwhile, Apple declared the new iPhone 7 and 7 Plus to be “the best iPhone we have ever made”, stating the obvious while launching an unexciting phone. Only Samsung’s failings made Apple look good. Now, suddenly, a new contender has stepped into the breach. Chinese-headquartered Huawei, which has slowly clawed its way into third place in global smartphone sales with quality phones at competitive prices, is about to make a big leap. At a launch event in Munich last week, it unveiled one of the most ambitious phablets the market has seen, packing no less than 5.9-inches of display into its new Mate 9. But the size is not the main thing going for it. Two other features stand out dramatically. Almost as a response to the Samsung battery blow-out, Huawei has made “a safe, faster-charging battery” one of the centrepieces of the phone. It houses a massive 4 000mAh high-density battery, using its own technology branded SuperCharge. It promises more than two days of uninterrupted performance, and early tests bear this out. Using the new USB-C connector type and a proprietary cable, it charges in half the time, and a 10-minute quick charge gives half a day of usage. This is on top of the kind of battery management options that have given the Huawei P series an edge since it startled the industry with the P6 in 2013. To overcome fears that this “super battery” could be another Note 7 debacle in the making, Huawei has provided more details on its battery management tools than ever before, spelling out what it calls “Super Safe 5-gate protection” and providing the user with “real-time voltage, current and temperature monitoring to eliminate safety hazards”. The second standout feature of the phone is a dual-lens camera engineered in collaboration with lens pioneers Leica. Their relationship made its debut with the Huawei P9 earlier this year and has been cemented just eight months later with an even better camera: one that gives the Samsung S7 and S7 Edge a run for their image money. The optical performance of the camera module is given steroids by the dual-lens format, made up of a 12-megapixel/F2.2 RGB sensor and a 20-megapixel/F2.2 monochrome sensor. Huawei has used what it calls “fusion algorithms” to enable the two lenses to work in concert. “The RGB sensor captures true-to-life colours, while the monochrome sensor captures intricate details and depth, resulting in the iconic Leica Image Style,” ran the launch announcement. “When paired with the leading dual-lens camera Optical Image Stabilisation solution and the industry’s first dual-camera pixel binning technology, the Huawei Mate 9 has a superior night shot capability.” At the launch, Huawei consumer business group CEO Richard Yu said the phone was also designed to address the “top three pain points of smartphone users: ageing performance, meaning it slows down over time; not enough battery life; and an average camera”. “You always need a better camera,” he declared. That is taken for granted by most users. But how does one address ageing performance? The longer a phone is in use, the more the battery degrades, the more memory allocation becomes clogged and the more the software becomes corrupted. Yu believes Huawei has the answer. And it is close to artificial intelligence. “A machine learning algorithm makes predictive allocation of resources. This enables smart memory allocation and smart storage optimisation. By learning the user’s behaviour patterns, it makes sure the highest priority applications are given priority in system resources. “Our new Emui 5.0 interface for Android learns from users and from apps, and provides spontaneous resource optimisation. So, after eight months of usage, instead of the phone having deteriorated, you will see over 80% performance improvement.” This potential allowed Yu to deliver one of the most powerful punchlines yet in the history of smartphone launches: “Born fast, stays fast.” Related Stories Samsung motors into the future with $8bn purchase of Harman 14.11.2016 Smartwatch sales tumble, dragged down by Apple 6.11.2016 When a machine can be anything you want 27.10.2016 JSE Currencies Commodities what's hot Phakaaathi PSL season set to end on June 17 National I was just having my nails done, says Mahlobo Phakaaathi Former Sundowns defender’s house, BMW allegedly repossessed National Malema: I want ‘murderer’ De Klerk to suffer National Premier Mabuza travelled with the Guptas in their private jet readers' choice National UPDATE: Tornado hits Ennerdale, affecting 50 households National Afrikaner boys, die poppe sal dans! – Malema National ‘Terrified’ political parties lodge complaints over Malema slaughter comments National I was just having my nails done, says Mahlobo National Give Mcebo Dlamini ‘an EFF red beret’ poll Malema and his driver made a run from the cops on Monday after being caught speeding. Speed restrictions must fall, viva EFF! Malema is just a generally lawless character Let’s not pretend he’s the first person to try to get away from speed cops All I wanna know is were they in a cool car today in print menu Contact us About us Code of Conduct Privacy Policy Advertising Rate Card News menu National Africa World Load Shedding Eish! Opinion menu Columns Editorials Cartoons Talking Point Sport menu Columns Cricket Other Rugby Soccer Golf Horses menu Columnists Racing News Your life menu Celebrities Food style Entertainment Soapies Motoring menu Motoring News features Motorsport new price guide top tips Other menu Auctions buy in bulk Classifieds Competitions Connect About us Code of Conduct Contact us Privacy Policy Jobs at The Citizen Advertising Rate Card News Business Sport Phakaaathi Opinion Motoring Your life Horses Multimedia   The Citizen. All rights reserved.
Please enable javascript for best view and rich features! Please Try again! Login / Register | Logout Gizmodo Indiamodo News Gadgets Science Design Software WTF Gallery Gizmodo X Login / Register | Logout Indiamodo News Gadgets Science Design Software WTF Gallery expand Google Pixel XL may be the best phone in the world and you don't know it Sahil Mohan Gupta Nov 10, 2016, 03.15 PM IST FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedinReddit GoogleImage Credit When you decide to plunk down more than Rs 50,000 on a phone which probably will fall victim to obsolesce within a year or maybe two, then there are very specific things a buyer is looking at. And functional is just a minor part of the equation. You’re looking for a couple of things – 1. Brand value: By this I mean you’re looking for a product which doesn’t only look nice but it is by a brand which is of global appeal and of repute. The product can get away with average looks, but for a person spending more than 50 quid, the brand has to be there, because it is to be noticed in his/her social circle and define what kind of a person he/she is. 2. Best in class: The gadget has to be best in class in every sense of the word. That means the phone has to be the fastest one around and it should be the best in the business for at least a year and it should have the best software and camera. 3. Peace of mind: This basically means hassle free service and the best customer experience. 4. Something iconic: Icons aren’t just made out of good products, but icons are made out of things that are marketed well and everyone knows one when they see it. And believe it or not, for the part Google has exactly created that in the form of the Pixel. It is the iPhone equivalent of Android and perhaps better. In the coming months we will know if this is true or not, but don’t be surprised if Google largely manages to pull this off with the Pixel line of smartphones. Allow me to deconstruct this. In India, Google is the most revered technology brand. It is higher up in the pecking order than Apple and even in Silicon Valley it has a similar perception. It has 7 products that are used by over a billion people and most of these people are highly dependent on these services. The company is known to be at the bleeding edge of technology. With the Pixel, it may not have the most attractive phone, but it does have a phone that bears its name. The Pixel is the Google phone at the end of the day. It is the Google brand you buy into and you flaunt not the weird looks of the Pixel. And it is a damn functional phone. It certainly is the best Android phone I’ve ever used. It has the smartest and most responsive software in the form of Android 7.1 Nougat which is baked in with the new Google Assistant that massifies AI assistants the way even Apple hasn’t managed with Siri. It blends this in a package that’s almost as performant as an iPhone and perceptibly most users wouldn’t be able to tell the difference. While doing so, Google managed to upend Apple in the photography department which is a crucial factor in decision making process for this generation of millennials who dwell more on the interwebs, Instagrams and SnapChats of this world. The Pixel also offers critically better battery life than the iPhone 7 and charges faster. It also happens to be the best place on mobile to experience Google’s 7 services which are used by over a billion people. More so than an iPhone because Google can do that kind of an optimisation for its own products. Google is also pitching the Pixel brand head-on against Apple and Samsung and claiming it to be something iconic. That’s why it charges a premium of Rs 57,000 for the 32GB model of the phone. That’s why the Airports and roads are flooded with hoardings of the Pixel right alongside Apple’s iPhone and Microsoft’s Surface tablets and that’s why we’re seeing a massive marketing push on television. Unlike a new Galaxy every 6 months, expect Google to stick to a yearly cadence of the launch of new Pixel phone alongside a new version of Android. Google has also built a support system inside the Pixel providing 24x7 support. In India, it still doesn’t have the man power to provide on ground support the way Apple does, but the way Google treats its customers one can expect a pain free experience. A couple of months ago I was having issues accessing Google Play Music which wasn’t launched in India. Years ago I managed to crack into the service when it launched so that I could use it in India. When I contacted the Google service folks, instead of shooing me away they helped me out and I am still using Google Play Music. That kind of a customer focused attitude gives me hope and for the same the company has tied up with HTC’s network to provide on-ground support. Pixel owners may not get the sterling treatment that Apple provides iPhone owners with but there is hope that in the future it could have that kind of a cachet. At the moment, the Pixel is easily one of the two best smartphones in the world. The other one being the iPhone. Depending which operating system you like more – iOS or Android – the Pixel could be the best phone for you and yet, you may not know it. FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedinReddit Tags: Pixel XLGoogle Pixel XLGoogleSmartphonesandroid Follow Gizmodo on facebookLiketwitterFollowgplusFollow Contribute to Gizmodo Write for Us Next StoryLeEco believes India could surpass China market Comments () Characters Remaining: 3000 SIGN IN WITHFacebookGoogleEmail OR PROCEED WITHOUT REGISTRATION X Sort By:NewestOldestDiscussedUp VotedDown Voted More from this author Lenovo now no. 2 smartphone brand in India, overall market crosses 30 million mark WhatsApp Video Calls coming today to Android, iOS and Windows Phone If the rumours are true OnePlus 3T will be the first phone with 8GB RAM Related stories Google Pixel XL Review: Captain Spock’s Phone Is The Bomb Let's see how the Xiaomi Mi Note 2 fares against the Google Pixel XL Everything we know about the Pixel and Pixel XL smartphones by Google Farewell Nexus, the new Google phones will named Pixel and Pixel XL Google's AI-powered Pixel and Pixel XL smartphones hit stores in India Personalized Recommendations Editor's Picks The XX Story: How this British Indie Pop Trio is bringing the electronic inside pop like nobody else How to transfer photos from an iPhone directly to a Flash Drive Xiaomi’s Mi Mix first impressions: Right out of Minority report Mi Sad: Xiaomi’s Mi Note 2 and Mi Mix not coming to India Addressing The Elephant In The Room: Is The Mi Note 2 Better Than The Galaxy Note 7? Mi Note 2 first impression: Xiaomi’s Galaxy Note 7, but better Hot Right Now OnePlus's new flagship killer goes official: here's everything we know WhatsApp Video Calls coming today to Android, iOS and Windows Phone Vivo releases another iPhone 6s lookalike How to know if the ATM nearby has cash or not India goes cashless: Paytm crosses 50 million downloads on Google play Store Lenovo now no. 2 smartphone brand in India, overall market crosses 30 million mark Samsung's Galaxy S8 will launch in two big screen variants to seduce Galaxy Note users Samsung is venturing into the automotive space with $8 billion acquisition of Harman Acer Switch 12 review: A good and affordable surface clone Heads up! Metallica's new album is landing this Friday Like what you see? Keep up with the latest by following us on and subscribe to our Daily Newsletter Related Content Trending on social Nokia Android phone to release in Q1 2017, specs leaked This is what Delhi needs, Xiaomi's new Mi Air Mask This is what Delhi needs, Xiaomi's new Mi Air Mask Blackberry's last, most powerful Android phones launched in India Google Pixel XL may be the best phone in the world and you don't know it AdAge Unicorns #AdAgeUnicorns: Mahesh Murthy to Share His Journey on Nov 16 Five Ways In Which Arnab Goswami Changed Indian Journalism The Little Known Side of Arnab Goswami #AdAgeUnicorns: KV Sridhar’s Most Celebrated Work Learn at Coursera Master Business Fundamentals from Wharton Leadership and Business Skill for Immediate Impact Take Big Data from University of California San DiegoMore » HUFFINGTON POST The Good, The Bad And The Ugly Smartphone 'Fans' After Google Phone, We Might See Google Watches Freedom 251 Maker Launches LED TV For ₹9900 Times of India Technology Apple iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus price details revealed, goes up to Rs 92,000 Apple slashes prices of iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus by up to Rs 22,000 WhatsApp privacy policy challenged in Delhi High Court: 5 things to know Apple iOS 10 surpasses iOS 9 in early adoption in just 24 hours Gadgets Now Shop Yu Yureka Plus - 16GB (Moondust Grey) ₹ 6499BUY13MP Cam, 2GB RAM Lava A97 4G VoLTE - 8GB (Black & Grey) ₹ 5199BUY5" Screen, 4G VoLTE LG K10 - 16GB (Blue) ₹ 12610BUY2GB RAM, 5.3" Screen About | Privacy | Write For Us | Contact | Authors | Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy | Gizmodo US | RSS TIMES GLOBAL PARTNERS Times Global Partners is an initiative focused on partnering with Established and Emerging Global Digital Companies for growing their presence and business in India through growth in their Brand, audience, adoption, distribution and monetization. Copyright @ 2016. Times Internet Limited. All rights reserved.For reprint rights. Times Syndication Service.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Send money using just your VOICE: PayPal update lets users transfer funds to friends and family with Siri The update has been released for users running iOS 10 on their device  Commands such as 'Send John £25 using PayPal' can be used Over 30 countries can use the service, which is also available in a range of languages, including English, Arabic and French By Press Association and Shivali Best For Mailonline Published: 07:43 EST, 10 November 2016 | Updated: 10:04 EST, 10 November 2016 e-mail 55 shares 19 View comments PayPal users can now send money to friends and family using just their voice, after the payment service announced it was to integrate into Apple's Siri. Siri is the voice-based virtual assistant embedded into the iPhone, and can be used to set reminders, answer questions and help with tasks. From today, PayPal said users running iOS 10 on their iPhone will be able to use commands such as 'Hey Siri, send John £25 using PayPal' to transfer money as an alternative to using the official app. Scroll down for video  From today, PayPal said users running iOS 10 on their iPhone will be able to use commands such as 'Hey Siri, send John £25 using PayPal' to transfer money as an alternative to using the official app WHERE CAN IT BE USED?  The integration has been released for consumers in 30 countries, and in a variety of languages, including: Australia, Austria, Belgium (French and Dutch), Brazil, Canada (English and French), China, Denmark, Finland (Finnish), France, Germany, Hong Kong (Cantonese), India, Israel (Hebrew), Italy, Japan, Malaysia (Malay), Mexico, Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, Russia, Saudi Arabia (Arabic), Singapore (English), Spain, Sweden, Switzerland (French, German, and Italian), Thailand, United Kingdom, United Arab Emirates (Arabic) and United States Apple's software uses voice recognition so only the known owner of the device can use the voice commands. PayPal's Meron Colbeci said consumers in 30 countries would be able to use the new service. 'Sending and receiving money from friends and family has long been one of the most popular activities on PayPal.  'In fact, last year we did 41 billion dollars in peer-to-peer (P2P) volume across PayPal, Venmo and Xoom,' he said. 'And, with the holidays around the corner, PayPal predicts more than 17 million P2P transactions in the month of December alone. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Is this how it will end? Dark energy could cause the... Watch the incredible moment paralysed monkeys WALK again... The tyres that NEVER go flat: 'Airless' Nexo system saves... The HIV test that plugs into your laptop: USB stick could... Share this article Share 55 shares 'With so many P2P transactions happening during such a busy season, we're excited to give our users an early holiday present: starting November 10, Siri will be integrated with PayPal.  'For iPhone and iPad users running iOS 10, making a payment has never been easier - PayPal users can now send and request money via a voice command with Siri. 'We are excited to provide this integration for our consumers in 30 countries, and in a variety of languages.  'We hope you're as excited as we are about making sending and receiving money even easier.' The use of voice-based assistants is a growing trend in technology, with both Amazon and Google having recently launched speaker hubs which use voice commands to control other smart, connected appliances around the home, while Microsoft also has its own assistant, called Cortana, built into Windows 10. Apple's software uses voice recognition so only the known owner of the device can use the voice commands (stock image) Share or comment on this article e-mail 55 shares Most watched News videos Mob storm police station and lynch suspected paedophile Man discovers wife is cheating on him following her with drone Chili's manager snatches veteran's free meal after complaint Obama on Trump: This office has a way of waking you up SNL mocks confident Clinton supporters with Dave Chappelle Emotional Chelsea Handler fights back tears over election results 100 special police agents protect suspected paedophile from mob Dashcam footage captures moment van swerves before crashing Obama's dig at Clinton over her ground game failures Pres. Obama: Reflection 'healthy' for Democratic party Killer wife and lover speak out over fatal love triangle Got any oink-tment?: Excited piglets take a warm bath 'Reality has a way of asserting itself!' Condescending Obama... Obama's pointed rebuke to Clinton for election loss as he... Supermoon 2016: Stunning photographs show incredible sights... Christian mom blogger reveals she is dating disgraced soccer... PIERS MORGAN: And the award for the worst election loser... Man accused of raping and killing a 4-year-old girl is... West Virginia officials under fire for racist Facebook post... EXCLUSIVE: Woman, 53, jailed for killing her cheating... African-American soldier with his service dog, Barack, has... EXCLUSIVE: Blow up! Days before losing the election Hillary... Ross Harris's ex-wife posts heartbroken Facebook message... Playboy model, 26, who appeared in Justin Bieber video... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● Comments (19) Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated  View all The comments below have not been moderated.  View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. We are no longer accepting comments on this article. Who is this week's top commenter? Find out now More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read Supermoon 2016: Stunning photographs show incredible sights as the moon is the closest to the Earth it has... It’s the sand man! Incredible giant human face appears in the dunes of the Namibian desert  Mysterious 'megafast electrons' are accelerated to the speed of light just outside Earth's magnetic field -... WhatsApp finally launches video calls: Feature will come to Android, iOS and Windows Phone in the coming... Meet 'Baby Boom': Richard Branson-backed mini-concorde that can fly from London to New York in 3.5 hours is... Never get in the wrong car again! Lyft launches personalised colour beacons in bid to take on Uber Tinder gets transgender-friendly: Dating app rolls out 37 new gender identity options in massive update Israel launches three year expedition to hunt for undiscovered Dead Sea Scrolls Will virtual reality headsets alter children's BRAINS? Doctors say more research needs to be done on the... Goodbye trolls! Twitter adds the ability to mute unwelcome keywords and phrases in notifications The formula for a PERFECT cup of coffee: Mathematician reveals the best way to make a brew Is Spotify damaging your hard drive? A bug that could harm computers may have been running for FIVE MONTHS Can your tweets reveal your gender? Study exposes inaccurate stereotypes about the words men and women use The 'invisible' Milky Way: Interactive map lets you explore our galaxy with superhuman vision Humans will NOT survive another 1,000 years on Earth, says Stephen Hawking: Physicist warns we must 'escape... MORE HEADLINES Will YOU see the supermoon tonight? Interactive map reveals which areas will have the best view Did voter's 'embarrassment, shame and fear' over backing Donald Trump explain why polls were so wrong? U.S. will become a 'rogue country' if Donald Trump dumps Paris climate accord,  former Irish President Mary Robinson warns The 'Stone Age Atlantis': Stunning video reveals the 9,000-year-old settlement found submerged under the sea off Sweden The end of silicon? IBM is creating 'carbon chips' that can make computers 1,000 times faster Sex with robots will be 'mind blowing': Expert says androids could one day improve your skills in the bedroom Silicon Valley issues plea to Donald Trump to support strong encryption and let them hire more foreign workers The incredible swirls surrounding Saturn's giant hexagonal storm revealed in stunning new Cassini image Adult FriendFinder is hacked AGAIN: Cheats' dirty secrets may be exposed after 412 million user details are leaked Have dead POLAR BEARS washed up in Scotland? Three mystery white carcasses are spotted by islanders iPhone 8 to get a size boost: Radical redesign set to boast new 5 and 5.8inch edge to edge curved screens Why baby talk is GOOD for children: Speaking 'motherese' helps them develop language skills much faster Humans will NOT survive another 1,000 years on Earth, says Stephen Hawking: Physicist warns we must 'escape beyond our fragile planet' The running shoes for HORSES: Clip-on plastic covers could make for happier hooves Mysterious 'megafast electrons' are accelerated to the speed of light just outside Earth's magnetic field - and scientists say strange discovery could change particle physics forever MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today Slimline Khloe Kardashian sparks concern among fans as she shows off her TINY middle in latest waist-training selfie Said it was 'disturbing' Have April Love Geary, 21, and Robin Thicke, 39, got married? Model hints at secret nuptials as she sports personalised bikini during getaway Date night! Dennis Quaid, 62, walks hand-in-hand with girlfriend Santa Auzina, 30, on romantic stroll Had smiles fixed to their faces For sale! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber list beachside four-bedroom Malibu home for whopping $60million Super property  The Bad Blood is real! Andy Cohen reveals the juicy diss Taylor Swift nailed Katy Perry with at Met Gala He got in the centre of their feud 'You have to practice your cosmetics routine as much as your dance routine': NFL cheerleader reveals her beauty regimen Sponsored Inside Donald Trump's $100million penthouse: Gold-rimmed candy bowls, a toy Mercedes for his 10-year-old son, coloring pencils for his wife and painted ceilings 'I knew she was "The One" after we had sex': Ryan Reynolds speaks about 'Hallmark-card cliché' romance with Blake Lively... as he hints they slept together on first date Sizzling Emily Ratajkowski shows off her peachy posterior and perky assets as she strips down to NOTHING in yet another saucy snap 'Apologies in advance!' Ivanka Trump shares funny video of Arabella jumping in Theo's crib while performing an enthusiastic rendition of the 'Pineapple Pen' song Ivanka Trump comes under fire after her company promotes $10k bracelet she wore  during father's first TV interview as president-elect From peacoats to parkas, the outerwear fashions you will see everywhere this winter - and where you can find them Sponsored 'We already love him': George W. Bush and wife Laura announce adoption of adorable rescue puppy named Freddy New addition to family 'The next Taylor Swift' Grace VanderWaal teases upcoming first album with sweet video after America's Got Talent win She's only 12! A ray of sunshine! Lily Collins flashes flat stomach in vibrant cut-out dress while revealing she relates to her 'naive' Rules Don't Apply character Jimi Hendrix's adopted sister is sued by the musician's bandmate for 'refusing to return guitars used in Rock and Roll Hall of Fame exhibit' Ugly battle Radio DJ accused of 'groping' Taylor Swift claims leaked image of their encounter proves he 'didn't have his hand under her skirt' Fightback Kelsey Grammer, 61, becomes a father for the seventh time as his fourth wife Kayte gives birth to a boy The couple have already named the bundle of joy From the Emanuel blouse she wore for her engagement shoot to the blue Travolta dress, Princess Diana's fashions are celebrated in new exhibition Judge rules Nick Loeb must name his former lovers at the request of ex-fiance Sofia Vergara in bitter row over frozen embryos he wants to raise as children Gemma Arterton strips down to her lingerie as she gets VERY hot and heavy with nearly nude Idris Elba in steamy scenes from 100 Streets Ariel Winter displays EXTREME cleavage in a plunging top as she changes into a second sexy outfit at Glamour Women of the Year Awards As numerous fashion companies vow to donate funds to help Planned Parenthood, FEMAIL spotlights items you can buy to support the cause Nick Viall goes shirtless as contestants fawn over his 'super hot' body in first promo for The Bachelor's new season Fans can't wait! 'I hope you realise what s*** you laid on Yoko!': John Lennon's furious letter to Paul and Linda McCartney over their treatment of his wife goes up for auction 'Strange men turned up outside. Death threats were common': Megyn Kelly reveals safety fears after 'thin-skinned' Trump began publicly attacking her What a Dream! Blac Chyna shares heartwarming snap of newborn daughter sleeping in her arms Welcomed her daughter just five days ago Bono is joined by his wife and daughters as he urges Donald Trump to prioritise gender equality during Glamour Awards acceptance speech  'The band back together!': Kelly Ripa shares rare family photo with husband Mark Consuelos and their full brood Happy family  Kat Von D plunks down $6.5 million for Los Angeles home used in Steve Martin comedy Cheaper by the Dozen  Real name is Katherine von Drachenberg Reality star Kristin Cavallari said she's been bullied by 'insecure' fan of her Chicago Bears quarterback husband Jay Cutler on Twitter 'Never let anyone belittle you for your gender': Hilaria Baldwin tells her three-year-old daughter to never be 'objectified' in letter following Hillary's defeat Prince Harry wears the love bracelet he shares with girlfriend Meghan Markle as he takes a public HIV test to help raise awareness of the disease Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson is officially named People's Sexiest Man Alive for 2016 The 44-year-old scoops the title from last year's winner David Beckham Michelle Williams holds hands with co-star Casey Affleck at Manchester By The Sea premiere in Beverly Hills Williams, 36, was simply stunning  'He been f***ing some model chick': Perrie Edwards 'took a direct swipe at ex Zayn Malik's girlfriend Gigi Hadid in original Shout Out To My Ex lyrics' 'It's great that she still finds me attractive!' Eddie Redmayne gushes over wife Hannah Bagshawe... and jokes they are just 'trying to keep their baby alive' Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2 million Instagram followers Sheer daring! Elyse Taylor bares her nipples in a see-through bra and jeans in a VERY steamy photo shoot...after posing completely naked 'Is Jeremy a bully? No... not really': Richard Hammond reveals nerves about launch of $200m Grand Tour and claims the public will TORCH the trio if it fails Megyn Kelly claims Roger Ailes threatened her after she rejected his advances, and he'd still be Fox News CEO if Gretchen Carlson hadn't filed lawsuit Getting cosy on the courtside: Jason Derulo and backing dancer Ragon Miller cuddle up at NY Knicks game with Ben Stiller and his wife A-list crowd Make like Madonna in Cuba, Kim Kardashian in Mexico or the Beckhams in Greece: The hottest places to holiday in 2017 according to A-Listers That's some good ombre! Gwen Stefani glides down the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards red carpet in a stomach-baring ball gown Chest amazing! Amber Heard wears lacy cutaway gown as she makes rare public appearance at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards 'I do!' Adrienne Bailon and Israel Houghton share first kiss in touching wedding video Revealed the dress and the wedding cake and first dance  The not so Simple Life! Paris Hilton is left embarrassed when her passport is no longer valid as she prepares for Australian tour Tried to board a flight Bedraggled Joanne Froggatt is worlds away from Downton Abbey as she's seen filming gritty drama Liar for the first time Was unrecognizable Blonde bombshell Rihanna sizzles in burlesque-style hotpants as Cara Delevingne strips to her bikini in new trailer for Valerian Laurie Hernandez tearfully dances way into DWTS finals as late grandmother cheers her on in pretaped message The 16-year-old wiped away tears A family affair! Pregnant Tori Spelling shows her support for The Rock's new movie as she attends Moana premiere with her children Caitlyn Jenner dazzles in bright orange gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards...after being honoured the year before Looked sensational  Newly-single Bella Hadid shows The Weeknd what he's missing as she flaunts her abs in a crop top just days after their split Revealing outfit Chrissy Teigen wears sheer white dress as she walks hand-in-hand with John Legend on romantic outing in NYC Enjoyed a rare night out with her husband  Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  What a cheek!  Amber Rose tests the limits of spandex as she showcases her robust rear in tight workout pants Her most famous feature 'They were aware of what they'd done:' Mel C reveals she was BULLIED during her time in the Spice Girls... but refuses to 'name any names' O wow! Pregnant Natalie Portman blazes in stunning solar-themed Dior gown at Jackie premiere in LA Now that's how to do maternity wear Trying on for size? Bride-to-be Miranda Kerr stuns in form-fitting white frock as she makes a stylish arrival at Jaguar Concept Reveal 'He's incredible': Vicki Gunvalson gushes about new beau on RHOC reunion and daughter Briana approves Hated the last one Racy Rita Ora vamps things up in a dominatrix-inspired dress and thigh-high boots as she shoots scenes for new movie Wonderwell in Italy Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' Modern Family actress  She looks pin-credible! Elizabeth Banks showcases her stunning stalks in burgundy dress at Glamour Women Of The Year event Heavenly! Nicole Scherzinger is a wonder in white gown as she attends Los Angeles premiere of Moana She stunned for the star-studded occasion 'She stole my heart': Garth Brooks and Miley Cyrus fight back tears over teenager Darby Walker on The Voice They were both moved by her Fifty shades of red! Bella Thorne dyes her hair following a recent splurge on tattoos and piercings Can't decide on which look to keep 'Get over it': Jax Taylor tells girlfriend Brittany Cartwright to move past his growing rumors on Vanderpump Rules Risked losing her once and for all Making him proud! Robert Irwin, Bindi and their family, pay tribute to the late Steve Irwin as they put on a crocodile show at Australia Zoo Keeping his memory Must be that rocking bod! Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson 'to be named' People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive Once the Undisputed WWE Champion Smell what The Rock's cooking? Dwayne Johnson gets very hot and bothered on the Moana premiere red carpet sweating through his suit  Hot metal! Matt Damon's gorgeous wife Luciana Barroso dazzles in silvery dress during date night at Manchester By The Sea premiere 'You gotta know your angle!' Kylie Jenner shows Khloe Kardashian how to take the perfect selfie  Revealed how much of a big deal her photos are Married! The Office star Angela Kinsey, 45, weds actor Joshua Snyder, 35, in front of 130 guests in LA's romantic Topanga neighborhood Maria Shriver looks beautiful in blue blouse dress as she speaks at Glamour Women Of The Year Summit Was a featured speaker at the LA event  Not so quick on the draw! Evan Rachel Wood's Westworld is renewed by HBO... but may not be back until 2018 She'll be back... Legs for days! Demi Lovato and Zendaya show off their sculpted stems in flared dresses for the Glamour Women Of The Year Award Cut glamorous figures Sheer-ly amazing! Cara Delevingne stuns in black see-through gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards One of the world's most recognizable models Green goddess! Jenna Dewan wows in skintight cutaway dress as she attends Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Turned a head or two Hot metal! Iskra Lawrence shows off her incredible figure as she squeezes into skintight silver dress at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Ewan McGregor debuts dramatically different look as he sports a severely shaved head at charity event in LA Top for the crops Has Chloe Lattanzi been editing her Instagram photos AGAIN? Olivia Newton-John's daughter shows off her VERY slim frame in new snaps Skin-tight! Baz Luhrmann, 54, sports a VERY wrinkle-free complexion as he poses for pictures in LA He looks younger than ever Brooke Shields, 51, looks youthful while enjoying some retail therapy in Los Angeles The Blue Lagoon star layered her sweater with a white tee underneath 'It's the greatest thing that's ever happened to me': Justin Timberlake gushes about son Silas as he talks about returning to the studio for his fifth album Disco doll! Chanel Iman bares her back in silver-sequinned halter gown at Glamour bash Gave NeueHouse Hollywood patrons an eyeful of her taut figure Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Shared a sexy snap  Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC In training for the runway Where's Eleven? Caleb McLaughlin, Gaten Matarazzo and Finn Wolfhard seen on Stranger Things season two set for first time Getting excited   Playboy model, 26, who appeared in Justin Bieber video boasts of her incredible $1million wedding to 63-year-old Egyptian multi-millionaire  Jude Law receives Sir Ian McKellen Award at Only Make Believe Gala The 77-year-old acting legend wished his fellow countryman well via video  Sienna Miller stuns as she puts on leggy display in lacy gold mini dress at Tale of Thomas Burberry celebration Looked absolutely fabulous He's a sight for sore eyes! Actor Scott Eastwood shows off his VERY muscular torso as he jogs down the beach shirtless during day out in Sydney Emma Roberts cuts a stylish figure in skintight top and jeans while grabbing coffee in Los Angeles The niece of Julia Roberts Olivia Palermo dons flared denim at Letters to Andy Warhol opening Was joined at Cadillac House by husband Johannes Huebl and Poppy Delevingne Floating on air! Besotted dad Rob Kardashian surprises Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream with touching balloon message  'Your mom was just in an accident': Khloe Kardashian and Kylie Jenner can't believe their ears after learning about Kris Jenner's car crash in KUWTK preview Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now,' said a family source Romantic getaway? Chrissy Teigen and John Legend jet to JFK Airport without baby Luna On the way to the American Music Awards which air on Sunday  Natural beauty! Salma Hayek wows in chic nature-inspired print dress for her pal Stella McCartney's star-studded fashion talk in London Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican vacation with Scott Disick Sunshine break  Ashley Graham sizzles as she flashes cleavage in sexy beaded jumpsuit at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards...after wowing in clingy black dress She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Enjoying working her glutes What a knockout! Katey Sagal, 62, looks half her age in shimmering gold dress at Bleed For This premiere in New York Star looked stunning The person you wake up with, you stay with': Are Meghan Markle's words hinting at her relationship with Prince Harry, asks EPHRAIM HARDCASTLE  Greensleeves! Zendaya adorns herself in petals in exquisite white dress at Glamour Women of the Year Awards  The 20-year-old wowed in an exquisite number Married! Bachelor vet Bob Guiney weds for the THIRD time... 13 years after first appearing on dating show where he competed for Trista Sutter's heart Easy, rider! Chris Hemsworth whizzes across a Byron Bay beach on an electric bike in Instagram video Very 21st century way to get around 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message Post Trump's win  Pucker up! Miles Teller plants a knockout kiss on girlfriend Keleigh Sperry at premiere of his new boxing film Bleed For This Red carpet affection  'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Actor's not happy She's got some front! Michelle Dockery wears plunging pantsuit at premiere of her new TV show Good Behavior Bought some necessary edge to the premiere She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun 'Everyone can be Barbie!' Ashley Graham reveals doll designed in her likeness after being named one of Glamour's Women Of The Year  Looked beautiful  The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Stylist Sam McKnight  'We gotta find these guys': Mark Wahlberg plays Boston cop at 2013 Marathon bombing in new trailer For the upcoming film Patriots Day Who's a Pretty Boy? Floyd Mayweather tries on some gold chains while browsing New York's Diamond District More used to wrapping gold around his waist Make-up free Sofia Richie dresses down for a day of pampering at a Beverly Hills salon Sofia Richie doesn't appear to have had the Monday morning blues Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumors they are back together as they attend same event In Compton last week Poppy Delevingne flashes her abs in trendy crop top and sheer skirt combo as she cosies up to hubby James Cook at Andy Warhol exhibition in NYC 'I'm in love!' Nick Jonas cradles his newborn niece Valentina for the first time Met the baby 18 days after his big brother Kevin welcomed her PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin Southern comfort! Garth Brooks joins Miley Cyrus as he gives expert advice to final 12 The Voice contestants ahead of live performance Southern comfort  Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells for extra effect   'Women are scared a predator will soon be residing in the White House': Lena Dunham talks Donald Trump win at Glamour's Summit Shared her thoughts Stripe a pose! Karlie Kloss turns heads in black and white lace dress as she plays up for cameras at Carolina Herrera fashion celebration in Madrid Rogue One: A Star Wars Story shares new IMAX poster as well as 'Call sign' clip one month before film's release The new movie is much anticipated  Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe Chatting about their new romances? Jessica Marais oozes sex appeal as she shows off her cleavage in a range of stunning dresses for sultry InStyle beach cover shoot Bon Jovi takes Billboard's number one album spot for SIXTH time with This House Is Not For Sale Sold 129,000 units according to figures Suki Waterhouse shows off her lengthy pins in raunchy above-knee boots as she rubs shoulders with Gigi Hadid at fashion boutique launch 'Deadliest Catch' star is severely beaten and robbed after an altercation in Washington  Jake Harris was brutally attacked and robbed  A legend returns! Hayao Miyazaki, 75, the filmmaker behind Spirited Away reveals he will come out of retirement to make one final film The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Television showdown Respected PBS NewsHour anchor Gwen Ifill dies aged 61 after a short, private battle with cancer She was surrounded by her family All the handbags but no clothes to wear? Model Jessica Hart strips down to bikini top and dances around in a revealing new Christmas video Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch Canadian supermodel  'My first pair of designer shoes cost more than my rent!': Anna Kendrick dishes on early fame as she plugs Scrappy Little Nobody book on Today 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson Dished on shared night Stop, collaborate and listen: Vanilla Ice, Salt-N-Pepa, Coolio, Young MC, Color Me Badd and Tone Loc set to bring the ultimate '90s tour to Australia in 2017 EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused invitation into Cher's bedroom, fueled feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez and was flashed by a RH star Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Had everything clicking at the promotional event Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel supermodel wowed 'It's all I need!' Makeup free Ashley Hart flaunts her stunning figure in a bikini as she reveals her summer beauty regime Summer beauty regime for the model Walking on sunshine! Ivanka Trump is all smiles as she leaves her apartment hand-in-hand with Jared - before taking on the mannequin challenge  Young And The Restless star Corey Sligh, 28, is arrested for 'molesting a girl under the age of 10' in Georgia She was allegedly abused for months Russia's Pussy Riot issues stark warning about Trump's presidency in shocking 'Make America Great Again' video predicting what the future holds Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks like a princess How Donald Trump and ex Marla Maples' lavish 1993 Tiffany & Co wedding registry listed everything from a $530 crystal 'sail' sculpture to a $1,250 BOWL 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Pet project 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year Married to Blake Lively Christian mom blogger reveals she is dating disgraced soccer star Abby Wambach in her latest confessional post sharing sweet selfie of them together 'It's awkward!' Marion Cotillard reveals what's it was like filming sex scenes with Brad Pitt for WWII film Allied Dished about 'making love' onscreen 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car Amicable exes appeared to be relaxed and happy Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family... before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Woman, 23, who gorged on TWO dinners a night and tipped the scales at 400lbs becomes an Instagram star after losing almost half her body weight Behati Prinsloo shares beach picture with Adam Levine and baby Dusty Wanted the world to know there are no problems in her family Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Shine on! As celebs like Kylie Jenner and Hailey Baldwin step out in satin fashions, FEMAIL rounds up high gloss garments that will get you noticed 'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar Penned an open essay to the publication John Oliver goes on epic anti-Trump rant on his final show of the year, calling the president elect an 'abnormal pathological liar' James Packer's ex-fiancée Kate Fischer shares cryptic message alongside a throwback photo of the former couple Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly knows how to make a splash 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands Monday was a regular errand-running day for the A-lister Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) He's serving eight years Time to eat some Indian food? Pregnant Laura Csortan is WELL past her due date as she displays her baby bump in bikini snap Australian model  It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371,000 Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended Not a great start... Life's a beach! Liam Hemsworth dons a wet-suit as he enjoys surf session in Malibu after fiancée Miley Cyrus finally confirmed their engagement Meghan McCain named permanent co-host of Fox News's Outnumbered, three months after ousted Andrea Tantaros filed lawsuit against network Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie Looked in good spirits Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards Nominees named Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Busy mom-to-be Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Great way to bust any stress 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Showcased edgy side 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett talks about being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence Celebrity lookalikes He's an icon too! Duke of Edinburgh, 95, is shown objects from around the world as he opens London's Design Museum The Queen's husband Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS so easy! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick William or Harry in an interview months before royal romance NBC executives refused to let Saturday Night Live endorse Hillary Clinton for president claims Alec Baldwin  Plays Trump on show From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. A familiar old friend that could be the perfect starter phone: Dailymail.com's verdict on the iPhone SE The new iPhone SE has a 4inch screen and familiar design - but has had a huge upgrade on the inside, making this a perfect first time iPhone. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The iPad grows up: Apple's iPad Pro The iPad Pro is, for many, a real laptop replacement - and a way to combine work and play in a gadget that will last all day and won't break your back to carry. 'A glimpse into the future of the living room': The new Apple TV Apple says apps are the future of TV, and while its new $149 box does have some issues, its combination of streaming services, games and other apps make it the best way to make your TV smart. The end of wonky wifi: Google's OnHub It's incredibly simple to set up, and we found it tripled the speed of our home wifi connection - but at $199 is expensive.. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story Forget bricks, researchers say 'smart soil' injected with GM bacteria could be used to grow the first homes on Mars 7 comments SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Home India Politics Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports Gossip Footballnext Immersive Photos World Lifestyle Blogs Live TV TV Shows TV Videos Latest News US Elections 2016 Podcast Business Demonetisation US Elections 2016 Immersive Latest News India vs Eng Podcast #GoodNews Home India Politics Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports All Sections LIVE TV Home India Politics Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports Gossip Footballnext Immersive Photos World Lifestyle Blogs Live TV TV Shows TV Videos Latest News US Elections 2016 Podcast Business DemonetisationUS Elections 2016ImmersiveLatest NewsIndia vs EngPodcast#GoodNews Demonetisation US Elections 2016 Immersive Latest News India vs Eng Podcast #GoodNews Apple CEO Tim Cook Writes a Memo to Employees, Says Apple is One Big Family LeEco Secures US $600 Million Funding, Appoints New APAC President Find if The Nearest ATM Has Cash With This Website WhatsApp Says India is Its Biggest Market With Over 160 Million Users News18 » Tech 2-min read Apple CEO Tim Cook Writes a Memo to Employees, Says Apple is One Big Family News18.com First published: November 10, 2016, 3:32 PM IST | Updated: 5 days ago Apple CEO Tim Cook (Photo: Reuters) In the aftermath of US elections wherein Donald Trump was elected as the next US president, Apple CEO Tim Cook broadcast a memo to the Apple Employees working in United States. The all-hands memo calls for its employees to move forward together as one big family and stresses upon the diversity of Apple’s team and how their collaborated work is bringing the people around the world together through their products. There is no mention of Trump in the memo, as Cook tries to clear the uncertainties arising from the elections and encourages employees to keep moving forward while staying tightly knit as a team. This seems to be a composed response by Cook to Trump’s win, who has threatened Apple time and again in the past year. Trump’s regular threats were directed at bringing the jobs created by the Tech Giant back to the United States and had proposed increased taxes for any company that outsourced its jobs overseas. Tim Cook sent the following memo to his employees: Team, I’ve heard from many of you today about the presidential election. In a political contest where the candidates were so different and each received a similar number of popular votes, it’s inevitable that the aftermath leaves many of you with strong feelings. We have a very diverse team of employees, including supporters of each of the candidates. Regardless of which candidate each of us supported as individuals, the only way to move forward is to move forward together. I recall something Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. said 50 years ago: “If you can’t fly, then run. If you can’t run, then walk. If you can’t walk, then crawl, but whatever you do you have to keep moving forward.” This advice is timeless, and a reminder that we only do great work and improve the world by moving forward. While there is discussion today about uncertainties ahead, you can be confident that Apple’s North Star hasn’t changed. Our products connect people everywhere, and they provide the tools for our customers to do great things to improve their lives and the world at large. Our company is open to all, and we celebrate the diversity of our team here in the United States and around the world — regardless of what they look like, where they come from, how they worship or who they love. I’ve always looked at Apple as one big family and I encourage you to reach out to your co-workers if they are feeling anxious. Let’s move forward — together! Best, Tim 2016 US presidential election Apple ceo Memo Trending Articles Jaguar I-Pace SUV Concept Shows the 'Electric' Future That's Not so Far Away 40,000 ATMs Dispensing Cash Currently: SBI Chief With India Getting Its First LNG-Powered Bus, Is It the Fuel of the Future? Koffee With Karan: 10 Times Twinkle Was The Queen of Wit and Sass On The Show Trending Articles Jaguar I-Pace SUV Concept Shows the 'Electric' Future That's Not so Far Away 40,000 ATMs Dispensing Cash Currently: SBI Chief With India Getting Its First LNG-Powered Bus, Is It the Fuel of the Future? Koffee With Karan: 10 Times Twinkle Was The Queen of Wit and Sass On The Show Jaguar I-Pace SUV Concept Shows the 'Electric' Future That's Not so Far Away With India Getting Its First LNG-Powered Bus, Is It the Fuel of the Future? New Hyundai Tucson Launched at Starting Price of Rs 18.99 Lakh in India Films Have Become Easy Target for Controversy-Hungry People: Farhan Akhtar From Our Network 'Demonetisation leaked to preferred few': Congress, TMC, Left rally against Modi; stormy Winter Session tomorrow- FirstPost Will propose UNESCO to grant Bhojpuri heritage status: Mauritius PM - Pradesh18 Class X board exam for CBSE schools from 2017-18: Prakash Javadekar - Pradesh18 About Us Privacy Policy Disclaimer Contact Us Sitemap Complaint Redressal Advertise With Us sections India Lifestyle States Tech Politics Auto Sports iVideos Football Power Circuit Latest News Watch: Banks Not Available Everywhere, Need To Raise Exchange Limit, Says Punjab Dy CM Sukhbir Badal Sunil Gavaskar Named Brand Ambassador for Projects by Pune Builder Steven Gerrard To Consider Future After Leaving LA Galaxy Cashless And Helpless: Rural India In Distress Watch: India@9 With Zakka Jacob & Bhupendra Chaubey Watch LIVE From Network18 News18 India CricketNext News18 States Pradesh18 Bangla News Gujarati News Urdu News Marathi News Topper Moneycontrol Firstpost CompareIndia History India MTV India In.com Burrp CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2016 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP, displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of NEWS18.com does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them. © Copyright Network18 Media and Investments Ltd 2016. All rights reserved. © Copyright Network18 Media and Investments Ltd 2016. All rights reserved.
Home Business All Companies Enterprise Comms Start-ups Discovery All Innovation Machines Earth Science Careers All Advice People Employers Jobs Life All Trending Gear Play Video All More Subscribe Advertise About Contact us BUSINESS DISCOVERY CAREERS LIFE VIDEO MORE Tweet Share Email ALL COMPANIES ENTERPRISE COMMS START-UPS Leaders’ Insights: Karl McDermott, Three Ireland Design thinking brought to a new level through VR Is Calexit in the works? Silicon Valley investors call for California independence Donald Trump: The shock president Silicon Valley disdains Skibbereen success: Death to small town syndrome And so it begins: Messenger expanding sponsored chats Facebook in midst of mutiny as staff form group to tackle fake news Samsung makes massive $8bn bet on connected cars Siemens closes in on $4.5bn Mentor Graphics deal Lies, damn lies and social media: Facebook defends role in US elections Weekend takeaway: Don’t be down in the Trumps Irish-based Hibernia Networks snapped up by GTT for $590m The Dukes are at it again: Major phishing campaign post-election 412m AdultFriendFinder network accounts exposed in massive breach MHC Tech Law: When can you resell software? The five-minute CIO: Alex Stamos, CSO, Facebook India’s surprise rupee chop a dream for fintech companies What is the rest of the world searching about Donald Trump? Revealed: The deplorable state of broadband in Ireland Lack of broadband is forcing rural businesses to relocate Clever Virgin offer puts WhatsApp and Messenger centre stage Siro CEO: ‘Fibre is about enabling a greater future for Ireland’ Siro claims 36,500 FTTH homes as 1Gbps fibre race steps up a gear Eir CEO Richard Moat: ‘Telcos are turning into media companies’ Ludgate Digital Hub invests €45,000 in online education start-up Web Summit Lisbon shines a harsh light on Dublin’s rickety infrastructure Start-up of the week: Veri Integrated Training Dogpatch has a new patch – 40,000 sq ft extra space includes urban garden Female entrepreneurs welcomed for €500,000 start-up fund OpenBack wins €25,000 ESB Spark of Genius 2016 prize ALL INNOVATION MACHINES EARTH SCIENCE Can you divide up the music budget evenly using maths? Ireland’s Edge line-up revealed ahead of Dingle STEAM showcase A game of two halves, but maths will be the real winner Can you logic your way to €1m? Lies, Boolean logic and crime scenes: Chapter One 10 changes of the future: Bye bye apps, hello robots and blockchain How materials science is forging a new path in medicine 10 women whose passion for science is out of this world Osteoporosis test developed at UL to benefit millions of people Quantum computing breakthrough by Tyndall researchers Humming asthma treatment wins SciFest 2016 for Kildare student Prof Mark Ferguson: Serial entrepreneurs are the lifeblood of Irish research New wearable terahertz scanner could revolutionise medicine Report suggests evangelical IoT predictions are a ‘triumph of hope over reality’ BMW: ‘Supercomputers, AI and 5G crucial to make self-driving real’ ‘Harry Potter invisibility cloak’ developed for photonic chips Facebook’s AI revolution will start with Picasso-like photo filters Booking.com’s Gillian Tans: ‘AI is the future of travel’ How many people could live on Earth? Forget a climate shift in centuries, more like decades, climatologists claim WeForest doubles crowdfunding target to empower Indian village World awaits birth of ‘baby dragons’ in Slovenia Gold and platinum discovered in south-east Irish streams The bees are still in trouble, so we are too ALL ADVICE PEOPLE EMPLOYERS JOBS In a dark week, we find light in career development Maths considered most difficult third-level STEM subject Interest in cybersecurity spikes due to US election Irish jobs dry spell creates opportunity for career growth College & Beyond event helps young women develop STEM careers How unusual recruitment methods attract better candidates I have just graduated. What do I do now? To close the tech skills gap, developing interest is essential What do you need to do to become a super boss? How do top companies attract top talent? Want a career in software? These are the most important skills Thinking about a career in marketing? An analytical mind is helpful How materials science is forging a new path in medicine 10 women whose passion for science is out of this world 20 incredible women leading the way to scientific advancement Ireland’s Edge line-up revealed ahead of Dingle STEAM showcase Lorna Ross: Innovation is all about timing, not good ideas Fjord’s Mark Curtis: ‘Design thinking must not become a management fad’ Want to know the 5 hottest jobs in life science? DocuSign opens new R&D operation in Dublin to counter cyber threats Aviva opens new digital hub creating 50 jobs in Galway Storyful plans job growth as it opens new Dublin office Hundreds of sci-tech jobs announced across 9 companies in Ireland IoT company Smartfrog to fill 35 new jobs in Dublin ALL GEAR PLAY TRENDING In wake of Donald Trump victory, Microsoft thinks we need a ‘digital reset’ Waking The Feminists: One year on How many selfies do you take before landing on the perfect one? Senan Byrne, Ireland’s biggest Vine star, reacts to its death Dublin City Marathon is getting faster, older and more male 10 amazing images that bagged wildlife photography awards Apple could be getting into AR hardware in a big way Emoji alert: Breastfeeding, UFOs, vampires and hijabs on the way? WhatsApp ups its offering with GIF support on iOS 6 great gift ideas for lovers of Irish creativity Samsung pins its hopes on AI assistant in Galaxy S8 WhatsApp about to steal some of Snapchat’s ideas You can now recreate Ireland in Minecraft with OSI maps Can you recognise the main rooms from your favourite TV shows? ‘No Man’s Sky was a mistake’: Hello Games deletes inflammatory tweet (updated) Nintendo Switch: 6 games you can play on the console TV wars continue as Sky reveals mobile app Red Dead Redemption 2 finally confirmed for 2017 release Black Friday deals: Where are the best early offers? Reports of your death have been greatly exaggerated – by Facebook Canada immigration website crashes as US deals with Donald Trump win Twitter reacts to Donald Trump winning US presidency Who will win the US presidential election? Google calling it first See how Earth’s population grew over time ALL How can colleges ensure everyone gets a chance? Is ‘Peers Inc’ the latest industrial revolution? How social media helped save codebreaking’s true home David Hennessy: Making Three plus O2 equal one The working life is changing fast, companies need to catch up Nora Khaldi on being both a scientist and an engineer ADVERTISE SUBSCRIBE CONTACT ABOUT COMPANIES Irish Government appeals against €13bn EU ruling by Gordon Hunt 5 days ago6 Shares Apples. Image: mythja/Shutterstock Ireland’s stance on the EU’s landmark ruling against Apple, saying the tech giant owed the country €13bn, has finally been made official. Ireland doesn’t want the EU’s help when it comes to taxation. So much so that Michael Noonan, Ireland’s Minister for Finance, has officially appealed against the Apple ruling. In August, Europe’s competition commissioner, Margrethe Vestager, revealed the culmination of a three-year investigation into Apple’s tax status in Ireland. Finding that Apple enjoyed a special agreement of sorts with the Irish Government, €13bn was the value Vestager put on the arrangement. “This selective treatment allowed Apple to pay an effective corporate tax rate of 1pc on its European profits in 2003, down to 0.005pc in 2014,” she said. Quids in for Ireland, with billions of winnings a boon to a country still operating under a shroud of debt. However, the Irish Government has been firmly in Apple’s corner throughout the case, and ever since. Yesterday, just one day before the appeal deadline, Noonan acted. “The government fundamentally disagrees with the European Commission’s analysis and the decision left no choice but to take an appeal,” Noonan told a European Parliament committee in Brussels. “The tax practices that gave rise to the Apple decision are no longer part of Irish law, but we still think that the competition commissioner is wrong in law, and we’re appealing on those grounds.” At the time of the decision, Apple CEO Tim Cook called it “maddening”. “It’s maddening. It’s disappointing. It’s clear it comes from a political base and has no basis in fact,” he said. Speaking to RTÉ, Cook strongly lauded Apple’s Irish workforce, currently employing some 5,000 people in Cork, with this figure soon to rise to 6,000. There’s also a new data centre in Galway to be built, but some are now concerned future investment could be curtailed should Apple be forced to pay up. Apple’s relationship with Ireland “has not been diminished one iota”, said Cook, calling the company’s Ireland-based employees “world class”. “I’m pretty confident that the Government will do the right thing. That is to stand up and fight against this overreach.” Cook was right. Related: EU, Ireland, legal, Apple Gordon Hunt is a journalist at Siliconrepublic.com editorial@siliconrepublic.com You May Also Like You May Also Like Companies Vestager denies €13bn Apple tax ruling was political 1 Sep 201622 Shares Hiring Now Life-changing career opportunities for you Helping the world be well. Work for what matters. Help us change the way money works Work smarter, live better Companies Tim Cook confident ‘maddening’ €13bn Apple ruling will be quashed 1 Sep 201624 Shares Business ‘Ireland must fight the Apple tax case, and it must fight to win’ 6 Sep 201637 Shares SUBSCRIBE TO OUR E-ZINE Sign up to receive weekly alerts bringing the best of Siliconrepublic.com straight to your inbox. Submit Email Companies EU debunks claims about how Ireland can use €13bn Apple tax windfall 31 Aug 2016107 Shares Companies EU set to rule that Apple must pay Irish Government massive tax bill 29 Aug 201697 Shares Enterprise MHC Tech Law: EU-US Privacy Shield is now open for business 18 Jul 20165 Shares Latest News How materials science is forging a new path in medicine 34 minutes ago New wearable terahertz scanner could revolutionise medicine 49 minutes ago Black Friday deals: Where are the best early offers? 1 hour ago Report suggests evangelical IoT predictions are a ‘triumph of hope over reality’ 2 hours ago 10 women whose passion for science is out of this world 3 hours ago Leaders’ Insights: Karl McDermott, Three Ireland 4 hours ago Osteoporosis test developed at UL to benefit millions of people 4 hours ago Want to know the 5 hottest jobs in life science? 4 hours ago Apple could be getting into AR hardware in a big way 4 hours ago Quantum computing breakthrough by Tyndall researchers 4 hours ago Facebook in midst of mutiny as staff form group to tackle fake news 4 hours ago Revealed: The deplorable state of broadband in Ireland 5 hours ago Humming asthma treatment wins SciFest 2016 for Kildare student 19 hours ago Lack of broadband is forcing rural businesses to relocate 20 hours ago Ludgate Digital Hub invests €45,000 in online education start-up 20 hours ago The Dukes are at it again: Major phishing campaign post-election 23 hours ago Prof Mark Ferguson: Serial entrepreneurs are the lifeblood of Irish research 23 hours ago European AI expert Prof Barry O’Sullivan named SFI Researcher of the Year 2016 1 day ago Web Summit Lisbon shines a harsh light on Dublin’s rickety infrastructure 1 day ago The 17 funniest animal photos of 2016 have been revealed 1 day ago Can you divide up the music budget evenly using maths? 1 day ago 412m AdultFriendFinder network accounts exposed in massive breach 1 day ago Samsung makes massive $8bn bet on connected cars 1 day ago MHC Tech Law: When can you resell software? 1 day ago More from Business Latest News Home About Contact Advertise Subscribe Privacy Policy All content copyright 2002-2016 Silicon Republic Knowledge & Events Management Ltd. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All rights reserved. Designed by Zero-G and Square1.io Silicon Republic Cookies Policy Our Website uses cookies to improve your experience. Please visit our Privacy Policy page for more information about cookies and how we use them. Close
National World Business Tech Sport Entertainment Life & Style Travel Motoring Profile Settings Sign Out technology Search Digital Living Gadgets Games Social Networking Apps Apple out of touch with both fans and average consumers TROY WOLVERTON Last updated 09:40, November 10 2016 Reuters Many potential customers have criticised Apple's new computers for being underpowered in terms of their graphics processors and the amount of memory they can support. OPINION: Apple is looking more and more like it's lost its way. Revenue and earnings are falling. Sales of all its major products are in decline. Numerous individual products are getting long in the tooth, waiting years for updates. Even for products that are getting refreshed, the updates are underwhelming. Some of this might be understandable if the company were focusing on new products that will likely pay off big in the future. But the last new product the company launched - Apple Watch - looks increasingly like a dud. Apple's long-baking TV project has amounted to nothing; the company's never released either an Apple-branded television or TV service. And, with every new report that comes out, the company's "Titan" car project looks more and more like an expensive debacle. Apple established itself as the premium brand, the one everyone envied, with an enthusiastic customer base. READ MORE:  * Laptops just got frighteningly expensive * Microsoft unveils new desktop computer  * Review: MacBook Pro * Apple refreshes Mac lineup  Under Steve Jobs, it made a concerted effort to reach out to new customers with lower priced products such as the iPod shuffle or the Mac Mini. Those worked the same way that an entry-level Mercedes does - they get people in the door and attached to the brand. Now it seems to have lost touch, and others are passing it by. Windows laptop makers like Razer recently have been releasing the kind of high-powered but elegantly designed machines that we used to expect from Apple. Microsoft just showed off an innovative touchscreen all-in-one desktop computer that's clearly targeted at the kind of creative professionals who have been loyal to Apple for years. Reuters During a conference call with financial analysts, chief executive Tim Cook bristled at some pointed questions about the company's strategy and direction. And Google, Roku and Amazon are offering digital streaming devices that not only cost less than Apple TV, they support new standards like 4K and high-dynamic range video that it doesn't. During a conference call with financial analysts last month after Apple reported its latest quarterly results, chief executive Tim Cook bristled at some pointed questions from Steve Milunovich, an analyst with UBS, about the company's strategy and direction. "We have the strongest pipeline that we've ever had and we're really confident about the things in it, but as usual, we're not going to talk about what's in it," Cook said. ​When pressed by Milunovich about whether the company had a "strong sense" of how the technology market was changing and how quickly it could respond to those changes, Cook answered curtly: "We have a strong sense of where things go, and we're very agile to shift as we need to." Despite Cook's assertions, Apple, the company that always seemed to know what consumers would want before they knew it themselves, is now making products that may seem cool in Cupertino but don't offer what customers want and are priced beyond what most can afford. "Apple no longer makes anything I care to buy," Seth Lewin, a self-described longtime Apple customer, posted in a comment on a tech blog. "Apple could care less what its customers think or say or want, it seems." Reuters Apple's new iPhones don't have a headphone jack which has irked some fans. We got a glimpse of this last year when Apple rolled out the new Macbook, a laptop that's both costly, at least for its target audience of consumers, and crippled. The US$1300 computer comes with an uncomfortably thin keyboard that's painful to type on and only one port that you can use to plug in things like external drives. You'll almost certainly have to buy some adapters for the computer, because that one port is so new that almost no devices support it yet. Oh, and if the computer's running out of power, you could be in a fix; you have to plug in its charger to the same port. We got another glimpse of Apple's cluelessness more recently when it unveiled the new iPhone, a device that was difficult to distinguish from last year's model, yet still priced the same. Ad Feedback One of the few clear differences: Apple in the new model removed the headphone jack, a decision basically no-one was calling for. It's a move that ticked off many users, worried others - and promised to make many folks' lives more difficult by making it that harder to connect the iPhone to older audio equipment. But the company's recent press event may be the best indication of how out of touch it is these days. In the past, Apple has used such events to refresh its Mac lineup, roll out new iPads or update its Apple TV streaming device. With many of its products in those categories a year or more old - and sales falling in nearly all of them, as best we can tell - you might have thought Apple would have updated several at least, particularly its lower-priced, consumer-targeted models. Instead the company updated one product - the MacBook Pro. That computer line was certainly due for an update. But the MacBook Pro is a relatively pricey laptop targeted at professional users, an important but niche audience. Even if Apple scored a direct hit with them, a new MacBook Pro line by itself won't revive Apple's flagging computer sales. The new computers have a cool feature: a touch sensitive bar called the Touch Bar that will display different buttons and features depending on what program is being used. But right now, the Touch Bar is only available on models that start at US$1800, a pricey sum even for professionals. And even as Apple was adding the new Touch Bar, it was taking away or excluding features that professional want and need. Many potential customers criticised the new computers for being underpowered in terms of their graphics processors and the amount of memory they can support. Others hated the fact that the new computers, like the Macbook before them, only have USB-C ports, which means they'd have to buy lots of dongles to attach their older hard drives, external monitors, cameras and the like. Unlike the older MacBook Pro models, the new ones won't have an SD card slot, so users will have to have another dongle to upload photos and videos saved to one. The take of Michael Tsai, a Mac developer, was typical of Apple's core fans. "I was really disappointed with today's Apple event," wrote Tsai on his blog. "It seems like Apple has either lost its way, that it has lost touch with what (some of) its customers want, or that it simply doesn't care about those customers." And, let's be clear, this backlash was against a product that Apple had actually revamped and had, based on its recent standards, been updating regularly. Other products - and their fans - haven't been so lucky. It would be one thing if the rest of the market were standing still or if Apple's products were so far beyond the competition that the company could afford to stand pat or if the company's sales were continuing to grow gangbusters despite its neglect. But none of those things is true. And that's not to mention all the new markets from smart home products to virtual and augmented reality that Apple is basically ignoring. But, hey, that Touch Bar sure looks neat. I just hope Apple executives aren't shocked when it doesn't spark a rebound for the company.  - MCT Saved|Saved Stories Saved|Saved Stories Save|Saved Stories Save|Saved Stories Next Gadgets story: GoPro plummets after recalling 2500 of its new Karma drones Technology Homepage Comments technology headlines Twitter to thwart cyber-bullying Live: 7.5 New Zealand quake Sleeping woman burnt by iPhone PS4 Pro: Hands on review An optimist on the future of energy Consumer drone market slumps Review: Watch Dogs 2 Where did you go Kendall? Singularity U: the disruption will take your job Review: Google's VR headset Reddit's plan to beat Facebook 412m dating accounts hacked Are ear buds bad for you? Quake panic laughed off Spain's plot to end memes Ad Feedback Most popular Viewed Shared Commented Live: 7.5 New Zealand earthquake Earthquake: More cows stranded on an outcrop of land after three saved Earthquake: International flotilla and aircraft drafted in to help with humanitarian relief in Kaikoura A warning to expect the worst Photos: Widespread damage after large earthquake hits NZ Second Wellington building cracks after magnitude 7.5 quake Sydney woman tossed 80 metres after being hit by NZ driver, court learns Earthquake: If it struck at a different time, it could have been "much worse" Region experienced a 'millennial change': Kaikoura Mayor Serious concerns over stability of building in central Wellington Photos: Widespread damage after large earthquake hits NZ Earthquake: International flotilla and aircraft drafted in to help with humanitarian relief in Kaikoura Region experienced a 'millennial change': Kaikoura Mayor Earthquake: More cows stranded on an outcrop of land after three saved Australian woman burnt by charging iPhone 7 as she slept Wellington-Christchurch ferry link considered as SH1 quake repairs cause freight chaos 9 items you definitely need to toss by age 30 Major Morrinsville residential development releases new housing sections Divers and volunteers band together to save stranded shellfish and sea life Second Wellington building cracks after magnitude 7.5 quake special offers Ad Feedback National World Business Technology Sport Entertainment Life & Style Travel Motoring Stuff.co.nz About Us | Contact Us | View Mobile Site Subscribe Text | Follow us on Facebook and Twitter | Newspapers | Magazine subscriptions | RSS - Top Stories Services Stuff Fibre | Newspapers in Education | A-Z Directories | Online Advertising | Print Advertising | Careers Classifieds Death Notices | Celebrations | Trade Me | Jobs | Property | Motors | Accommodation | Personals | Newspaper Classifieds Newspapers Dominion Post | The Press | Waikato Times | Auckland Now | Sunday News | Sunday Star-Times   Marlborough Express | Manawatu Standard | Nelson Mail | Southland Times | Taranaki Daily News | Timaru Herald Other Sites Essential Mums | Cuisine | NZ House & Garden | NZ Fishing News | NZ Life & Leisure | NZ Gardener | Fairfax Archives Breaking news? Send us your photos, videos and tip-offs: Emailnewstips@stuff.co.nz Phone0800 697 8833 © 2016 Fairfax New Zealand Limited Privacy | Terms and Conditions
Premium News Sport Business Money Opinion Obituaries Travel Tech & Science Culture Film TV Lifestyle Fashion Luxury Cars Video Free Mobile App Jobs Financial Services Rewards Events Dating Offers Shop Garden Shop Bookshop Box Office Puzzles Fantasy Football Wine Shop Log out My Account Subscribe Rewards Video Login Register Subscribe Rewards Video Log out Rewards My Account Video Home News Sport Business ALL SECTIONS Technology News Reviews Opinion Internet security Social media Apple Google More Telegraph Technology ‘Keep moving forward’: Apple’s Tim Cook quotes Martin Luther King in response to Trump victory Apple's chief executive Tim Cook Credit: Bloomberg James Titcomb 10 November 2016 • 9:47am Tim Cook has responded to Donald Trump's victory in the US presidential election by calling for unity. In an email to employees, Apple's chief executive said that there would be "strong feelings" after the vote but quoted Martin Luther King Jr. saying that: "whatever you do you have to keep moving forward". "Our company is open to all, and we celebrate the diversity of our team here in the United States and around the world - regardless of what they look like, where they come from, how they worship or who they love," he said in the memo obtained by BuzzFeed. It comes after Apple was repeatedly criticised by Trump during the election. He attacked Cook over the handling of Apple's encryption stand-off with the FBI, and said that Apple should make its iPhones in the US. Team, I’ve heard from many of you today about the presidential election. In a political contest where the candidates were so different and each received a similar number of popular votes, it’s inevitable that the aftermath leaves many of you with strong feelings. We have a very diverse team of employees, including supporters of each of the candidates. Regardless of which candidate each of us supported as individuals, the only way to move forward is to move forward together. I recall something Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. said 50 years ago: “If you can’t fly, then run. If you can’t run, then walk. If you can’t walk, then crawl, but whatever you do you have to keep moving forward.” This advice is timeless, and a reminder that we only do great work and improve the world by moving forward. While there is discussion today about uncertainties ahead, you can be confident that Apple’s North Star hasn’t changed. Our products connect people everywhere, and they provide the tools for our customers to do great things to improve their lives and the world at large. Our company is open to all, and we celebrate the diversity of our team here in the United States and around the world — regardless of what they look like, where they come from, how they worship or who they love. I’ve always looked at Apple as one big family and I encourage you to reach out to your co-workers if they are feeling anxious. Let’s move forward — together! Best, Tim Cook's comments came as other tech leaders, including Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg and Microsoft president Brad Smith, responded to the election's results. Zuckerberg did not respond to Trump directly but suggested that the result was a blow, saying that "progress does not move in a straight line". "We are all blessed to have the ability to make the world better, and we have the responsibility to do it. Let's go work even harder," he said. However, Zuckerberg did not address criticism that Facebook's failure to moderate hoax news outlets contributed to Trump's victory.  Microsoft's Brad Smith acknowledged that the tech community had not done enough to recognise those who felt "left behind" in recent years. Highlighting how economic growth in the last three decades had seen job opportunities for those without college educations decline significantly, he said: "In a time of rapid change, we need to innovate to promote inclusive economic growth that helps everyone move forward.  This requires a shared responsibility among those in government, across the private sector, and by individuals themselves." Our thoughts on moving forward together. https://t.co/N3enGAn9MH— Satya Nadella (@satyanadella) November 10, 2016 Google's chief executive Sundar Pichai and Amazon's Jeff Bezos are yet to respond, but both criticised Trump before the election. Pichai has publicly rebuked Trump's anti-immigrant statements, while Bezos has said Trump's actions "erode democracy". Some of Silicon Valley's denizens have gone further. Shervin Pishevar, an investor in Uber and the founder of high-speed travel company Hyperloop One, has said he will fund a campaign for California to secede from the United States, dubbed "Calexit". 1/ If Trump wins I am announcing and funding a legitimate campaign for California to become its own nation.— Shervin (@shervin) November 9, 2016   Follow Telegraph Science & Tech READ MORE ABOUT: Microsoft US Election Tim Cook Apple Donald Trump Mark Zuckerberg Show more Technology latest 15 Nov 2016, 5:31pm Yours for £249: Apple releases big book with 450 photos of its products 15 Nov 2016, 4:12pm Thousands of UK Government emails revealed in AdultFriendFinder hack 15 Nov 2016, 2:00pm Twitter to let users mute words in effort to battle harassment 15 Nov 2016, 10:54am WhatsApp has finally added video calling 15 Nov 2016, 9:57am Facebook and Google promise to cut off fake news websites from advertising 15 Nov 2016, 12:01am Bad battery life? Your phone's software updates may be to blame 00:40 14 Nov 2016, 5:49pm Who was Sir Frederick Banting and how did he discover that insulin could treat diabetes? 14 Nov 2016, 2:00pm Massive hack on sex hook-up website AdultFriendFinder exposes details of 5.2 million UK accounts 14 Nov 2016, 12:09pm Samsung buys $8bn car tech maker Harman in its biggest ever deal 14 Nov 2016, 11:59am What is Amazon Prime Video and how can I watch The Grand Tour? 14 Nov 2016, 11:01am Watch Dogs 2 review - Much improved hacker sequel makes a smart statement 4 14 Nov 2016, 7:00am Owlboy review - Gorgeous adventure ten years in the making sets the bar sky-high 5 01:19 14 Nov 2016, 6:00am The science behind how a touchscreen works 13 Nov 2016, 5:21pm Reddit's plan to tackle trolls and beat Facebook  13 Nov 2016, 3:36pm Comment: Brexit vote has not sparked a tech exodus James Titcomb Premium 13 Nov 2016, 10:57am How Japan's Line proved messaging apps can make money 12 Nov 2016, 8:02pm Powa Technologies payments investigated by administrators 12 Nov 2016, 8:00pm Row over delayed emergency services’ new radio system   12 Nov 2016, 7:11pm Telecoms rivals raise alarm on new network for emergency services  Premium 12 Nov 2016, 7:03pm Comment: Is the country that gave the world its first Industrial Revolution missing out on the spoils of Industry 4.0? Nazo Moosa Premium 11 Nov 2016, 11:58pm Facebook apologises for bug that prematurely announces users' demise If you would like to add a comment, please register or log in Register Log in Contact us Rewards Archive Reader Prints Advertising Syndication Guidelines Privacy Terms and Conditions Leave your feedback © Telegraph Media Group Limited 2016
  SOFTPEDIA® DESKTOP Windows Games Drivers Mac Linux MOBILE Android APK Phones Tablets WEB Webscripts Web Browsers NEWS Softpedia > News > Apple > iWorld > iPhone FLASH SALE: Driver Booster 4      40% OFF! iPhones Get a Feature to Secretly Call the Police Without Anyone Noticing GO Emergency SOS system added in iOS 10.2 beta 2 Nov 10, 2016 09:11 GMT  ·  By Bogdan Popa  ·  Share:  Apple rolled out iOS 10.2 beta 2 earlier this week and one of the features that nobody noticed, but which could come in super handy, is Emergency SOS, which lets you call the police without anyone noticing. Those familiar with the Apple ecosystem might remember that iPhones already had a way to secretly call the police by telling Siri to “charge my phone to 100 percent,” but Cupertino decided to remove it, most likely because everyone was aware of it, so the command wasn’t so discrete as it was supposed to be at first. But with iOS 10.2 beta 2, Apple is testing a new Emergency SOS feature that makes more sense and is inspired from the Apple Watch, which also got similar functionality with watchOS 3. Enabled by default Specifically, starting this beta, and most likely with the stable version due in the coming months, iPhone users will be able to alert the police by simply tapping the power button five times. The purpose here is to be able to do the whole thing while your iPhone is in the pocket, so nobody around you can notice that you’re calling the cops. Once you do that, the iPhone displays a three-second countdown that allows you to cancel the call should you have pressed the power button accidentally, but if no action is performed, the phone contacts the emergency services and provides information such as location. Of course, you must be living in one of the 14 countries that are supported at the moment, such as the UK and the US, but Apple will most likely expand this feature to more of them in the coming months. By default, this feature comes enabled in iOS 10.2 beta 2, but you can disable it from Settings > General > Emergency SOS. On the Apple Watch, those who want to discretely call the police can keep the side button pressed for five seconds, after which the same counter shows up before eventually alerting emergency services. #Apple#iPhone#Emergency SOS#iOS#Apple Watch subscribe feedly old reader newsblur digg reader rss feed reddit it! flip it share it tweet it Related  ·  Hot right now  ·  Latest news iPhone 7 Becomes Best-Selling Smartphone, Pushes Apple Closer to Android Apple Releases iOS 10.2 Beta 2 to Public Testers, macOS 10.12.2 Beta 2 to Devs Apple’s CEO Tim Cook Is Boring and Incompetent, Internet Guru Says iPhone Backups Are 1,000 Times Harder to Hack in iOS 10.2 Apple Insider Says iPhone 6 Plus Has a Major Bug, Company Should Start Recall Hackers Steal FIFA Currency, Buy Houses and Expensive Cars with the Money WhatsApp Announces Video Calling Rolling Out to Android, iOS Users Microsoft Announces Black Friday 2016 Deals: Perfect Time to Go Windows 10 KDE Frameworks 5.28.0 Released with Numerous KWayland Improvements, More NVIDIA Makes Available GeForce Graphics Driver 375.86 - Get It Now Microsoft CEO Meets Chinese Official One Day After Warning on Trump Tax Plan Apple Downplays Microsoft Surface, Says Having Touch on a Desktop Is a Disaster    Emergency SOS in iOS 10.2 beta 2 new ios apps NeuroNation: Train your brain to improve your memory and focus with NeuroNation Flipagram: Create cool videos by mixing up your photos with music Timer+: Set up dozens of timers and control them all with ease Nutshell Camera: Create some pretty cool videos with Nutshell Camera IKEA Catalogue: Check out the IKEA Catalogue for more than just furniture Complete: Complete puts a social twist to your regular to-do list/ task manager WebMD Baby: WebMD Baby offers help in how to best tend to your baby Reader comments Donald Trump’s 45% Tariff on China Exports Could Backfire Against the iPhone more on: Apple i softpedia®     Like 202K    +1 56K     Follow 13K © 2001-2016 Softpedia. All rights reserved. Softpedia® and the Softpedia® logo are registered trademarks of SoftNews NET SRL. Privacy Policy news tip feedback      
null
null
International Business Times UK News LATEST NEWS UK Crime World Latest News Africa Asia Pacific Middle East The Americas Europe Business LATEST NEWS Economy Companies Markets Finance Regulation Fintech Latest news Blockchain Cryptocurrency Politics LATEST NEWS Technology LATEST NEWS Smartphones Cybersecurity Innovation Social Media Games Motoring Science LATEST NEWS Space Environment Health Nature Archaeology Sport LATEST NEWS Football Tennis Golf Cricket Entertainment LATEST NEWS Movies Celebrity TV Music Culture Royalty Opinion LATEST NEWS Interview Feature Reviews Analysis Video LATEST NEWS Business Technology Science Sport Entertainment Log out Newsletter Signup Search Technology Companies Apple Donald Trump Apple boss Tim Cook says unity is only way to move forward from Trump victory Memo sent to all Apple staff uses Martin Luther King Junior quote to calm anxiety caused by Trump win. By Alistair Charlton November 10, 2016 09:17 GMT Close Embed Feed Anti-Trump protests erupt across America Storyful <iframe src="http://www.ibtimes.co.uk/videos/embed/21541" width="640" height="360" frameborder="0" scrolling="no"></iframe> Apple chief executive Tim Cook has reassured his employees and called for unity as Donald Trump, who previously called for a boycott on the iPhone maker, is elected US President. In a memo emailed to Apple staff and leaked to the press, Cook acknowledges the "strong feelings" many of his staff have following the election result, which saw Republican candidate Trump defeat Democratic opponent Hillary Clinton in one of the biggest upsets in US political history. "We have a very diverse team of employees, including supporters of each of the candidates. Regardless of which candidate each of us supported as individuals, the only way to move forward is to move forward together," Cook's note, published by Buzzfeed news, read. Cook then called on a quote from Dr Martin Luther King Jr, who said: "If you can't fly, then run. If you can't run, then walk. If you can't walk, then crawl, but whatever you do you have to keep moving forward." The Apple boss describes this advice as "timeless, and a reminder that we only do great work and improve the world by moving forward." Apple CEO Tim Cook asks for unity among his staff in the wake of Donald Trump's election victory.Andrew Burton/Getty Images Trump called for a boycott on Apple's products earlier in 2016, after the company refused to help the FBI crack the passcode of an iPhone belonging to one of the San Bernardino killers. The president-elect said he owned both an iPhone and a Samsung smartphone, but would stop using the latter until Cook backed down and unlocked the handset. Cook refused, but just three weeks after proposing the boycott, Trump (or one of his staff) began once again using an iPhone to post on his Twitter account. Acknowledging the "uncertainties ahead", Cook's memo to his staff said they can "be confident that Apple's North Star hasn't changed...Our company is open to all, and we celebrate the diversity of our team here in the United States and around the world – regardless of what they look like, where they come from, how they worship and who they love." Meanwhile, Facebook boss Mark Zuckerberg issued a statement to say we should work "to create the world we want for our children". Zuckerberg added: "This world is better than any presidency and progress does not move in a straight line." Microsoft chief executive Satya Nadella was more direct in his response to Trump's election victory. "Yesterday we witnessed the democratic process in action," he said on LinkedIn, adding: "We congratulate the president-elect, and look forward to working with all those elected yesterday." More about Donald Trump on technology from IBTimes UK Where does Donald Trump stand on technology, Silicon Valley, net neutrality and Apple? Has President Trump saved Twitter? Silicon Valley investors want California to secede from the US following Trump win Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close Paralysed ALS patient uses computer to speak with her mind Columnists Tom Brake MP “Brexit means Brexit? It's clear the Government hasn't got a clue READ MORE Snowden warns about expansion of spying powers in Trump's USA Donald Trump will inherit the most powerful surveillance programme in the world. Most people would rather have Wi-Fi than sex, chocolate or alcohol 40% of survey respondents identified Wi-Fi as their number one daily essential. CertiKOS: Yale develops world's first hacker-resistant operating system CertiKOS runs on multi-core processers and supports concurrency on multiple CPU cores to keep hackers out. Why Jaguar's use of VR means product launches will never be the same again Virtual reality and the HTC Vive made the press launch of the Jaguar I-Pace a refreshing change. Five most outrageous fake US election news stories promoted by Facebook and Google Have I got some fake news for you... Super Mario Run iOS release date set for 15 December Nintendo announces release date and price for anticipated mobile platformer. 17-year-old boy admits seven hacking offences in TalkTalk data breach Suspect charged with breaching the Computer Misuse Act 1990. Pokemon Sun and Moon has no gyms and no HMs – here's what replaces them Forget Kanto – Alola plays by a different set of rules. Brain implant lets ALS sufferer with locked in syndrome speak using only her mind Brain implant allows Dutch woman Hanneke de Bruijne to operate a speech computer wirelessly. The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild reportedly won't be a Nintendo Switch launch title Reports indicated game will not be ready for new console's March 2017 release. Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2016 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS
Please enable javascript for best view and rich features! Please Try again! Login / Register | Logout Gizmodo Indiamodo News Gadgets Science Design Software WTF Gallery Gizmodo X Login / Register | Logout Indiamodo News Gadgets Science Design Software WTF Gallery expand Donald Trump's Victory Comes Bearing Good News For Apple Subhrojit Mallick Nov 10, 2016, 12.53 PM IST FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedinReddit AppleImage Credit In a stunning move yesterday, Donald Trump 'trumped' over Democratic candidate Hilary Clinton to win the Presidency of the United States of America. Trump won the majority 279 electoral votes to become 45th President of USA. And as absurd as it sounds, it comes bearing good news for Apple. Apple CEO Tim Cook has been a vocal Trump hater, but a certain policy announcement by Trump at the Economic Club of New York in September may give some peace of mind to Tim Cook. Trump had said in support of allowing companies to repatriate their overseas profits to the US at a reduced tax rate. The current tax slab for repatriated profit remains at a whopping 35 per cent, but Trump said he will bring it down to as low as 10 per cent to allow American companies that operate on a global scale to bring back their profits from overseas tax havens to the United States. And this is something Tim Cook agrees with. In 2013, Cook said, "If you look at it today, to repatriate cash to the U.S., you need to pay 35 percent of that cash. And that is a very high number,” Cook said in an interview Thursday. “We are not proposing that it be zero. I know many of our peers believe that. But I don’t view that. But I think it has to be reasonable." And this will be welcomed by not just Apple. Over 72 per cent of Fortune 500 companies stack their profits that goes over $2.1 trillion in overseas tax havens like Ireland, Singapore and Luxembourg. Apple tops the list by parking $181.1 billion while Google and Microsoft has overseas profit of $108.3 billion and $47.4 billion respectively. And with the current tax rate of 35 per cent, if Apple were to bring back their profits, it would owe $59.2 billion in taxes to the United States. President-elect Donald Trump proposes to bring the rate down to 10 per cent to reduce this tax burden of repatriated profits. In September, the European Union slapped a $14.5 billion fine on Apple for allegedly evading taxes and parking their off-shore revenues in Ireland in a process known as the 'Irish double'. Apple was accused of paying no more than 1 per cent tax in Ireland where the income tax rate itself is a measly 2.3 per cent of your profits. FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedinReddit Tags: Tim CookTaxesSmartphonesDonald TrumpApple Follow Gizmodo on facebookLiketwitterFollowgplusFollow Contribute to Gizmodo Write for Us Next StoryHere’s how Gaana enhances music streaming experience of Facebook users Comments () Characters Remaining: 3000 SIGN IN WITHFacebookGoogleEmail OR PROCEED WITHOUT REGISTRATION X Sort By:NewestOldestDiscussedUp VotedDown Voted More from this author You can't go wrong with Marshall's new Bluetooth headsets Huawei launches the Mate 9 Pro- a premium upgrade to the Mate 9 How to know if the ATM nearby has cash or not Related stories Watch Apple CEO Tim Cook Chat With Charlie Rose Tonight Apple CEO Tim Cook Shuts Down Anti-Environmental Investors Tim Cook: Apple Watch Will Ship in April Apple CEO Tim Cook Was on Hillary Clinton's List of Potential Vice Presidential Canidates Tim Cook on User Privacy at Apple: "You're Not Our Product" Tim Cook: We May Make a Medical Product, But It Isn't the Apple Watch Personalized Recommendations Editor's Picks The XX Story: How this British Indie Pop Trio is bringing the electronic inside pop like nobody else How to transfer photos from an iPhone directly to a Flash Drive Xiaomi’s Mi Mix first impressions: Right out of Minority report Mi Sad: Xiaomi’s Mi Note 2 and Mi Mix not coming to India Addressing The Elephant In The Room: Is The Mi Note 2 Better Than The Galaxy Note 7? Mi Note 2 first impression: Xiaomi’s Galaxy Note 7, but better Hot Right Now OnePlus's new flagship killer goes official: here's everything we know WhatsApp Video Calls coming today to Android, iOS and Windows Phone Vivo releases another iPhone 6s lookalike India goes cashless: Paytm crosses 50 million downloads on Google play Store Samsung is venturing into the automotive space with $8 billion acquisition of Harman Samsung's Galaxy S8 will launch in two big screen variants to seduce Galaxy Note users Heads up! Metallica's new album is landing this Friday Acer Switch 12 review: A good and affordable surface clone Supermoon delights world's star gazers Nokia Android phone to release in Q1 2017, specs leaked Like what you see? Keep up with the latest by following us on and subscribe to our Daily Newsletter Related Content Trending on social Nokia Android phone to release in Q1 2017, specs leaked This is what Delhi needs, Xiaomi's new Mi Air Mask This is what Delhi needs, Xiaomi's new Mi Air Mask Blackberry's last, most powerful Android phones launched in India Google Pixel XL may be the best phone in the world and you don't know it AdAge Unicorns #AdAgeUnicorns: Mahesh Murthy to Share His Journey on Nov 16 Five Ways In Which Arnab Goswami Changed Indian Journalism The Little Known Side of Arnab Goswami #AdAgeUnicorns: KV Sridhar’s Most Celebrated Work Learn at Coursera Master Business Fundamentals from Wharton Leadership and Business Skill for Immediate Impact Take Big Data from University of California San DiegoMore » HUFFINGTON POST The Good, The Bad And The Ugly Smartphone 'Fans' After Google Phone, We Might See Google Watches Freedom 251 Maker Launches LED TV For ₹9900 Times of India Technology Apple iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus price details revealed, goes up to Rs 92,000 Apple slashes prices of iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus by up to Rs 22,000 WhatsApp privacy policy challenged in Delhi High Court: 5 things to know Apple iOS 10 surpasses iOS 9 in early adoption in just 24 hours Gadgets Now Shop Yu Yureka Plus - 16GB (Moondust Grey) ₹ 6499BUY13MP Cam, 2GB RAM Lava A97 4G VoLTE - 8GB (Black & Grey) ₹ 5199BUY5" Screen, 4G VoLTE LG K10 - 16GB (Blue) ₹ 12610BUY2GB RAM, 5.3" Screen About | Privacy | Write For Us | Contact | Authors | Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy | Gizmodo US | RSS TIMES GLOBAL PARTNERS Times Global Partners is an initiative focused on partnering with Established and Emerging Global Digital Companies for growing their presence and business in India through growth in their Brand, audience, adoption, distribution and monetization. Copyright @ 2016. Times Internet Limited. All rights reserved.For reprint rights. Times Syndication Service.
Latest News Dow 18,842 -27.19 -0.14% Nasdaq 5,251 +32.31 +0.62% S&P 500 2,170 +5.63 +0.26% 1:05 P.M. ET Updated Trump is the orange, er, ‘black swan’ Wall Street was bracing for 1:03 P.M. ET President Obama and Greek Prime Minister Discuss Global Economy 12:58 P.M. ET Updated Trump carnage in bonds spells trouble for stocks 12:58 P.M. ET Updated What President-elect Trump means for every U.S. industry 12:56 P.M. ET Opinion 5 reasons why it’s too early for investors to stop worrying about President Trump 12:55 P.M. ET Updated How do startup robo advisers stack up against the big banks? 12:55 P.M. ET VW, Audi may face higher costs in emissions case 12:49 P.M. ET How Close Are We to a ‘Contagion’ Scenario? 12:49 P.M. ET Fighting Hacking: How Proactive Is the U.S. Government? 12:48 P.M. ET 4 Ways to Improve Your Credit Score 12:47 P.M. ET Updated Target earnings: Sales expected to be hurt by lower food prices 12:46 P.M. ET Updated S&P 500’s ‘bull trend’ strengthens amid election-fueled sector rotation 12:45 P.M. ET Updated Wal-Mart earnings: Investments could put pressure on results 12:43 P.M. ET Updated FTSE 100 bounces to higher close as EasyJet, supermarket stocks gain 12:41 P.M. ET U.S.-Russia Relations: Three Key Flashpoints 12:40 P.M. ET Opiate Addiction: How to Tackle the Growing Problem 12:38 P.M. ET Tobacco Is Still the Biggest Killer 12:36 P.M. ET Updated European stocks rise as oil boosts energy shares 12:34 P.M. ET Opinion Trump won’t start a trade war; he’ll finish it 12:34 P.M. ET Updated Gold inches up from 5-month low as dollar advance pauses Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Metaswitch Accession Unified Communications Client Goes Native for Apple iPhone By Published: Nov 10, 2016 3:00 a.m. ET Share Nov 10, 2016 (Marketwired via COMTEX) -- Tight integration with iOS 10 through Apple CallKit provides seamless native dialer capabilities SAN FRANCISCO, CA--(Marketwired - November 10, 2016) - Cloud native communications software leader Metaswitch today announced significantly enhanced support for Accession Communicator Unified Communications (UC) on Apple iPhones, enabled by tight integration with iOS 10 using Apple CallKit. CallKit provides programmatic access to a wide range of native dialer functionality that was previously unavailable to third party applications. Users of Accession on iPhone can now accept calls via the lock screen and decide whether or not to put Accession on hold to take a cellular call. If their iPhone is locked, they now get a full-screen announcement of their inbound Accession calls, and can answer with a swipe, just as they can for cellular calls. Users can also store and return calls from the Recent Calls list and use Siri to place calls. Caller ID and call blocking are also enabled, as are CarPlay and other Bluetooth devices. "This native dialer functionality makes Accession even easier to use for iPhone users, who represent a significant portion of our subscriber base," said Nathan Patrick, chief technology officer for Sonic. "The ability to use Accession seamlessly and intuitively, as they would any deeply-embedded Apple application, is extremely beneficial. Metaswitch has taken full and early advantage of CallKit's capabilities." Metaswitch Accession UC brings together multiple communications capabilities, including telephony, unified messaging, instant messaging, presence, video conferencing and collaboration, using a unified interface that is accessible from almost any desktop or mobile device. "Metaswitch engineering has a long history of rapid innovation with cutting-edge technologies to enable our carrier customers to lead the market in service delivery," said Chris Carabello, senior director of product marketing for Metaswitch. "The seamless integration of Accession and iOS gives them the tools they need to outpace their competition and gain market share in the attractive UC segment." These new capabilities will be in the next Accession update, available later this month through the Apple App Store. Click here for more information and for a demonstration of this functionality. About Metaswitch Metaswitch is the world's leading cloud native communications software company. The company develops commercial and open-source software solutions that are constructively disrupting the way that service providers build, scale, innovate and account for communication services. By working with Metaswitch, visionary service providers are realizing the full economic, operational and technology benefits of becoming cloud-based and software-centric. Metaswitch's award-winning solutions are powering more than 1,000 service providers in today's global, ultra-competitive and rapidly changing communications marketplace. For more information, please visit www.metaswitch.com. Copyright © 2016 Metaswitch Networks. "Metaswitch" and "Metaswitch Networks" are registered trademarks. Brands and products referenced herein are the trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective holders. Apple and iPhone are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. Press Contact Wilson Craig Mindshare PR +1 408 516 6182 wilson@mindsharepr.com © 2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. MarketWatch Partner Center Real Estate Mission to Mars: Will real estate on the red planet take off? View More Investing If you're shocked that Trump won, you broke 3 basic principles of investing View More Sponsored Content Alternatives in an uncertain world View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Share on Skype (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading..." /> Edition: International | About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms of Use News Release Article Submission Friday 11 November, 2016 Breaking News > Latest Stories, World ICC: Libya will be top priority in 2017 including... Trending Topics: Panama papers - -Assembly polls in WB & Assam - -West Indies T20 champion dance ICC: Libya will be top priority in 2017 including extremists Chinese businessman receives death sentence in Tianjin blast Australia ratifies greenhouse gas targets agreed on in Paris Iran signs preliminary $4.8B gas deal with Total Warriors beat Mavericks, Raptors defeat Thunder Business World INDIA Delhi/NCR Sports Football Hockey Cricket Politics Entertainment Environment Technology space Health Op – eds Home Latest Stories Art & Lifestyle Food & Drinks Spirituality Travel Videos Press Release E- PAPER Published On: Thu, Nov 10th, 2016 Business News / Latest Stories / Technology | By New Delhi Times Bureau Apple begins selling refurbished iPhones online Share This Tags Apple is now selling refurbished Apple iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus in 16GB, 64GB these variants are now available for purchase on the online store. These phones are carrier unlocked, and the refurbished version of the iPhone 6s Plus 64GB in Rose Gold is priced at $589.00. The 16GB version of the iPhone 6s Plus in Silver colour is priced at $529.00 with $100 off. Apple is stepping into refurbished phone territory after a long gap, while Apple already sells refurbished Macs, iPads, MacBooks, and Mac accessories, among other products phones have never been sold. This move is also indicative of Apple’s bid to go green and start recycling. According to Apple, these certified pre-owned iPhones are manufactured afresh and have to pass through the same tests and processes as a new phone. For Apple, all refurbished phones comes have the same one year warranty as new iPhones, and go through the same government certifications as a new iPhone does.  Photo Credit : Shutterstock Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Share on Skype (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Related About the Author New Delhi Times Bureau - Related News ICC: Libya will be top priority in 2017 including extremists Chinese businessman receives death sentence in Tianjin blast Australia ratifies greenhouse gas targets agreed on in Paris Iran signs preliminary $4.8B gas deal with Total Tweet Pin It New Delhi Times A-2/59 Safdarjung Enclave New Delhi 110029, INDIA +91 11 26102520 info@newdelhitimes.com Top Posts & Pages Article Submission America, hold your nose and vote Trump Gilgit-Baltistan: Grasped by British and colonized by Pakistan but akin to India Subscribe Enter your email address Email Address Copyright © New Delhi Times , All Rights Reserved 2016, info@newdelhitimes.com Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker TL;DR Forums more Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker TL;DR Forums ✕ Apple US & World Tech Tim Cook calls for unity at Apple following Trump's victory Apple CEO seeks to reassure employees after divisive presidential campaign by Amar Toor@amartoo Nov 10, 2016, 3:22am EST share tweet Linkedin Stephen Lam/Getty Images Apple CEO Tim Cook sought to reassure employees following Donald Trump's shocking electoral victory this week, according to an internal memo obtained by Buzzfeed News. In the memo, sent Wednesday, Cook called on Apple employees to come together after the bitter presidential campaign, and reaffirmed the company's commitment to diversity. "We have a very diverse team of employees, including supporters of each of the candidates," Cook said in the memo. "Regardless of which candidate each of us supported as individuals, the only way to move forward is to move forward together." "Our company is open to all." Trump was sharply critical of Apple during the campaign, calling for a boycott of the company's products over its refusal to unlock an iPhone used by one of the San Bernardino shooters. "To think that Apple won't allow us to get into her cellphone? Who do they think they are?" he said of the company's pro-encryption stance during a TV interview in February. In January, Trump made a fantastical promise to "get Apple to start building their damn computers and things in this country," rather than overseas. Apple also distanced itself from Trump during the campaign, after withdrawing its support of the Republican National Convention, though Cook held a fundraiser for Speaker of the House Paul Ryan and other Republicans in June. The memo sent this week did not mention Trump by name, though it implicitly repudiated much of the hateful rhetoric upon which the Republican nominee based his campaign. "While there is discussion today about uncertainties ahead, you can be confident that Apple’s North Star hasn’t changed," Cook said, adding: "Our company is open to all, and we celebrate the diversity of our team here in the United States and around the world — regardless of what they look like, where they come from, how they worship or who they love." Source: Buzzfeed News Next Up In 2016 Election Tim Wu on advertising, Donald Trump, and Google's central tragedy Facebook follows Google in banning fake news sites from its ad network How social platforms influenced the 2016 election China threatens to cut iPhone sales if Trump declares a trade war Donald Trump says Facebook and Twitter ‘helped him win’ Trump chooses Breitbart News boss Stephen Bannon to be his chief strategist Now Trending MacBook Pro with Touch Bar review: a touch of the future WhatsApp opens up video calling to everyone The Walking Dead Redemption Club season 7, episode 4: Service This Article has a component height of 7. The sidebar size is medium. The Latest Transportation Cars BMW BMW is expanding its car-sharing service to Brooklyn by Anisa Purbasari Car2go and Zipcar are about to get some new competition Transportation A 98-foot-wide sinkhole in Japan was repaired in one week by Lizzie Plaugic Last Tuesday, a massive sinkhole opened up across a five-lane street in the Japanese city of Fukuoka. Today, the street reopened. It took about two days for workers to completely mend the sinkhole, according to The Guardian, and a few more days... Circuit Breaker Tech Gadgets Toms-branded Apple Watch bands are for when you want to look like a woke bae by Ashley Carman@ashleyrcarman Toms, the brand behind those heinous yet popular slip-on shoes, is releasing Apple Watch bands. Similarly to the shoes, a purchase of a watch band results in Toms doing something good for people around the world. The company says it’ll provide one... New, 9 comments Apps Business Tech Asana introduces boards as part of an all-out assault on Trello by Casey Newton@CaseyNewton Asana, the fast-growing work-tracking tool created by a co-founder of Facebook, today declared war on Trello, its biggest rival. Asana, which has to date been known for its collaborative to-do lists, today introduced boards — essentially a... Star Wars Books Culture Star Wars author James Luceno on setting the stage for Rogue One by Andrew Liptak@AndrewLiptak With Star Wars: Rogue One just around the corner, fans are beginning to wonder how the Galaxy Far, Far Away translates from the era of The Revenge of the Sith to that of A New Hope. Rogue One takes place just before the events of that first film,... New, 0 comments Entertainment Film Culture The science, aliens, and painfully timely messages of Arrival by Tasha Robinson, Chris Plante, and Kaitlyn Tiffany Question Club explores our reactions to Denis Villeneuve’s science-fiction mystery movie New, 5 comments Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2016 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video Power cut interrupts UK.gov cloud service supplier Midi-archive box from WD stops at 19PB Tegile ups its array game with new kit Vodafone blames €5bn H1 loss on cutthroat Indian competition Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH Power cut interrupts UK.gov cloud service supplier Midi-archive box from WD stops at 19PB Tegile ups its array game with new kit Post-outage King's College London orders staff to never make their own backups Samsung sets fire to $9m by throwing it at Tizen devs Microsoft leaks Visual Studio for Mac, then scrubs the news Hadoop for joy? ODPi 2.0's available, but questions persist Fear of Staxit: What next for ASF's Cassandra as biggest donor cuts back TalkTalk teen hacker pleads guilty as firm reveals £22m profit jump The world has changed but has your IAM? Shhh! Shazam is always listening – even when it's been switched 'off' Stolen passwords integrated into the ultimate dictionary attack The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Fancy 15 hours of DevOps learnings, and lunch? GitHub Enterprise catches up with GitHub proper Just what everyone needs right now – an HPE chat bot wrapped in a Docker container, right? Synopsys buys Cigital in secure DevOps push Policy The Channel 'Fascist' seizes supremo search slot on Trump triumph Vodafone blames €5bn H1 loss on cutthroat Indian competition EasyJet rides digital and mobile on Brexit currency pressure Microsoft, Slack et al will 'laugh their asses off' at IBM's biz messaging tool DirecTV Now to give Apple TV free for those who take 3-month deal Virgin Media users report ongoing problems delivering legit emails. Again WileyFox Swift 2: A new champ of the 'for around £150' market Google's new VR Daydream View will cripple your phone SPB Geek's Guide Martian 'ice cauldrons' are prime spot to hunt LGMs, say boffins Quantum traffic jam of atoms could unlock origin of dark energy, physicists claim Hurrah! Urinals will soon be splash-free Boffins find Galaxy making killer radiation, rule out Samsung phone as source Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things GSMA: 5G at risk if governments don't get their acts together Samsung flings $8bn at buyout of connected car biz Harman Race for wireless VR headset heats up Yeah, that '50bn IoT devices by 2020' claim is a load of dog toffee Verity Stob Bong: Let me talk to Trump 'Pavement power' - The bad idea that never seems to die Married man arrives at A&E with wedding ring stuck on todger Pythons Idle and Cleese pen anti-selfie screed More like this Macos Software Mac administrators brace for big changes to Apple-powered fleets New features could shake-up how macOS machines are managed 10 Nov 2016 at 08:29, Shaun Nichols Shaun Nichols Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Ios, Apple, Fcc, Microsoft, Google Recent Articles FCC wants a word with AT&T about that zero-rated DirecTV streaming Facebook agrees to dial back 'racial affinity' ads Nvidia's financials have great numbers. Yuge numbers. The best numbers, believe me Special report A looming set of changes to the macOS has some administrators worried that the way they manage and configure Apple systems will need switching up. Those changes, which have only been partly revealed by Apple, will see a new file system implemented in the OS and, in the process, a lockdown of key components of the operating system – away from attackers and admins alike. Central to the idea is the Apple File System (APFS), a technology Cupertino already uses for iOS that is currently being offered for tests in preview versions of macOS Sierra, with plans for a bootable release next year. When the shift does happen, some admins believe Apple will also institute a number of the security policies and protections being used for iOS devices – such as isolating and protecting core system files – that were described loosely by Apple in its 2016 Black Hat security talk (see video). That move would likely include a shift in the way Apple devices are managed in the enterprise. Administrators would no longer be able to change basic system files – instead, permissions and policy would be instituted via the same Mobile Device Management (MDM) system used for managing iOS devices such as iPads and iPhones. Youtube Video For most users, this change will have little to no effect on day-to-day use of their Mac desktops and notebooks, and the change-over will be little more than another annual macOS update. For administrators, however, it could present a number of challenges. The idea of a shift to MDM was outlined by admin Michael Lynn earlier this fall in a blog post, and immediately gained a following. While Lynn stresses that his piece was merely speculation and not a prediction of Apple's plans, a number of other admins who manage Mac networks and spoke with The Register believe he is onto something, and that Apple is in fact looking to move toward an MDM model for managing macOS machines. "It's reasonable to expect that at some point in the future, MDM becomes the standard means for managing macOS," said Kaitlin Shinkle, director of communications and content marketing for JAMF software. "There are a lot of good reasons to move in this direction, namely security and user convenience." That shift would also bring about a number of challenges. In particular, admins worry that some tasks – such as setting up and managing printers or encryption key settings – could be more difficult or impossible with the tools they currently use. "If Apple is going to lock [macOS] down like iOS, there are simply things that Mac admins need to do that they won't be able to, unless Apple extends the MDM functionality," said Robert Hammen, a Mac admin with the National Center for Biotechnology Information at the National Institutes of Health. Hammen told El Reg that while switching to an MDM management system will hardly be a deal-breaker for companies running macOS, some will need to find new ways to manage their machines and enforce policies. "Depending on how difficult Apple makes it to configure and install things, there may be some pushback on total cost of ownership and supportability," he said. To that end, the companies that develop administration tools for developers could be key to the move. Sponsored: Magic quadrant for enterprise mobility management suites Next page: MDM pains Page: 1 2 Next → Tips and corrections 49 Comments More from The Register Facebook's 'Workplace' collaboration dogfood is now on your menu There's even a partner program, sysadmin tools and cross-cloud SSO 12 Comments The digital workplace: Just in reach or over the hill? Reg Events Join us to compare vision and reality 4 Comments Standing desks have no effect on productivity, boffins find But you'll feel pretty good about yourself for standing up in the office for 90 minutes a day 66 Comments Sell the NBN not long after rollout ends says Infrastructure Australia Calls for sale - in pieces - to promote competition, plus reveal of bush services' costs 19 Comments Global productivity explodes as Facebook's service takes a dive Graph API fingered for outage 9 Comments Canberra passes USO review to Productivity Commission, tells the economists to hasten slowly Mostly muted response to the Regional Telecommunications Review Whitepapers Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Capacity planning fundamentals This ebook will discuss how capacity planning starts with a better understanding of the virtual environments and the interdependencies of the data centre. Securing Productivity in the Borderless Enterprise Before you transform your business with mobility services, you need to consider both the management and security challenges you’ll face from the combination of mobile devices and cloud-based apps. Bullet-proofing Office 365 with MAX Mail Security is a constantly evolving challenge. The Internet is a melting-pot of threats, which mutate as quickly as security companies do their best to stop them. Most read NHS IT bod sends test email to 850k users – and then responses are sent 'reply all' Your body reveals your password by interfering with Wi-Fi CERN boffins see strange ... oh, wait, that's just New Zealand moving 2m north WileyFox Swift 2: A new champ of the 'for around £150' market Encrypted email sign-ups instantly double in wake of Trump victory Spotlight Fear of Staxit: What next for ASF's Cassandra as biggest donor cuts back Mac administrators brace for big changes to Apple-powered fleets Tailored Swift – coming soon to a cloud near you Toblerone's Brexit trim should be applied to bloatware Red Hat eye from the Ubuntu guy: Fedora – how you doin'? Pair programming – you'll never guess what happens next! Open Sorcerers: Can you rid us of Emperor Zuck? Apple’s macOS Sierra update really puts the fan into 'fanboi' Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
FIRSTPOST TECH2 FAKING NEWS News & Analysis Reviews Startup Gaming Biztech Auto Videos TechFirstpost most commented Google Allo, WhatsApp, Messenger, Telegram; which is the best messaging app for you? By Rehan Hooda 13   Comments Rs 500, Rs 1,000 notes banned: What is ATM Recalibration and why it could take 2-3 weeks By Naina Khedekar 5   Comments Researchers find that surface of Mars is so dry that it is uninhabitable 4   Comments Currency ban: An analysis of social media sentiment around India’s latest financial regulation By Nash David 3   Comments Demonetisation: To get India to trade and transact digitally, UPI needs to succeed By Nash David 3   Comments more from #Minecraft Minecraft will make its way to Apple TV later this year: Tim Cook Microsoft adds Oculus Rift support to Minecraft: Windows 10 Edition Beta Calling all teachers! Minecraft: Education Edition enters early access Top Reviews Pixel XL (32GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 67,000 iPhone 7 Plus (256GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 92,000 ThinkPad X1 Carbon (Core i5-6300U) Editor rating : 8 Price: 106,000 XPS 13 Core i7 (Z560035HIN9) Editor rating : 8 Price: 133,000 Z2 Plus (4GB RAM/64GB) Editor rating : 7.5 Price: 19,999 You are here: Home > News & Analysis> Minecraft will make its way to Apple TV later this year: Tim Cook #Minecraft 0 By tech2 News Staff /  10 Nov 2016 , 13:42 Minecraft has transformed from a game into something more akin to a cultural phenomenon. The game has graced just about every platform out there, even making its way to the Raspberry Pi and the Windows Store as a UWP app. The latest news now suggests that this game is finally making its way to the Apple TV. When Tim Cook introduced the new Apple TV last year, we were impressed by its potential as a casual gaming platform. Polygon reports that Tim Cook made the announcement at a corporate event. Cook added that the game will be compatible with the Minecraft Pocket Edition on iOS devices and that players can take their worlds on Apple TV and share them with other players on iOS. There haven’t been many noteworthy games on the platform; those killer titles like Super Mario Bros or God of War that transform a platform from an also-ran to a must-have. Maybe Minecraft is that title. The fourth generation Apple TV was unveiled on 15 September 2015. The SoC is an Apple A8 running at 1.5GHz (that’s a little faster than on the iPhone 6) paired with 2GB of LPDDR3 RAM and up to 64GB of storage. You can control the Apple TV via an iOS device or using the bundled remote with its in-built accelerometer. In effect, the hardware can be favourably compared to the iPhone 6, making it a competent, casual gaming platform. Tags: Apple TV, Apple TV games, Minecraft, Minecraft for Apple TV, Minecraft for iOS, Minecraft: Pocket Edition Also read Microsoft adds Oculus Rift support to Minecraft: Windows 10 Edition Beta Apple announces new TV app for Apple TV, iPad and iPhone X MINECRAFT Reviews Microsoft adds Oculus Rift support to Minecraft: Windows 10 Edition Beta Calling all teachers! Minecraft: Education Edition enters early access Minecraft overthrows Super Mario Bros; it’s now the second best selling game of all time Samsung Gear VR gets a Minecraft edition, available now on Oculus store for $6.99 Subscribe to our newsletter GO You are Now Subscribed to our Newsletter - Stay Tuned ! FOLLOW US ON Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. LAPTOP Reviews Rating : 7.5 / 10 Acer Aspire S13 review: This might just be the best Windows-based Ultrabook in its price range Rating : 7 / 10 Asus ROG G551VW review: An excellent balance of price and performance Rating : 5.5 / 10 iBall Compbook Excelance review: Cheap and built to match Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus EeeBook X205TA review: For students on a budget; but low storage and no USB 3.0 port are downers #Google Nov 15, 2016 Google uses machine learning to upscale and enhance low quality photos #Online harassment Nov 15, 2016 Online abuse and harassment continue to remain a grave issue according to “Freedom on the Net 2016” #superparamagnetic Nov 15, 2016 Chinese researchers develop superparamagnetic crystals that can revolutionise drug delivery #Internet of Things Nov 15, 2016 Reliance Group teams-up with Cisco Jasper to make ‘UNLIMIT’, a IoT services providing venture #Emission Nov 15, 2016 Batteries are better than hydrogen fuel cells for reducing emissions: Study SMARTPHONE Reviews Rating : 6.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime: Great battery life; but competition offers better value for money Rating : 5.5 / 10 Karbonn Quattro L52 VR Review: Don’t bother buying this Rating : 7 / 10 Honor 5C review: A well-balanced device that lacks any defining quality Rating : 8 / 10 Yu Yureka Review: Micromax delivers a good, affordable 4G-enabled phablet; Should Xiaomi worry? T & C Policy Contact Us US Election 2016 Copyright © 2016 Tech2.com
Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Environment & Science Nation & World Education Crime & Courts Health Politics Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area San Jose Santa Clara County Peninsula San Mateo County Alameda County Santa Cruz County Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports High School Scores Sports Scoreboard Sports Columnists Sports Blogs Business Business Technology Personal Technology Economy Startups Real Estate SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Horoscopes Puzzles and Games Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary TheCannifornian.com Weather Today’s E Edition Subscribe Newsletter The Mercury News Weather Today’s E Edition Subscribe Newsletter Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Environment & Science Nation & World Education Crime & Courts Health Politics Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area San Jose Santa Clara County Peninsula San Mateo County Alameda County Santa Cruz County Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports High School Scores Sports Scoreboard Sports Columnists Sports Blogs Business Business Technology Personal Technology Economy Startups Real Estate SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Horoscopes Puzzles and Games Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary TheCannifornian.com What to expect when you’re expecting the iPhone 7 Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Trending: Taylor Swift photo leaked DWTS: The semifinals Why Kaepernick couldn’t vote Gwen Ifill dies Weird cat obsessions Ask Amy Business The iPhone 7 is expected to be slimmer, have a better camera but no headphone jack The iPhone 7, which Apple is expected to unveil today, is expected to be slimmer, have a better camera but no headphone jack. Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Associated Press The earphone jack and charging port on an Apple iPhone 6. By Michelle Quinn | mquinn@bayareanewsgroup.com PUBLISHED: September 6, 2016 at 5:16 am | UPDATED: September 7, 2016 at 11:51 am When Apple executives unveil the iPhone 7 on Wednesday in San Francisco, a big question will loom over the event — will the new device be enough? Enough that is, for current iPhone owners to say goodbye to their old phones and clamor for a new one. It is a critical time for Apple. iPhone sales, which make up more than two-thirds of Apple’s annual revenues, have been falling. Its Apple Watch, which is expected to get an upgrade Wednesday, hasn’t taken off. Sure there will be razzle-dazzle at the Apple event. There always is. It is still the moment when the entire tech industry stops and pays attention. What Apple announces can upend other firms’ plans or create new opportunities. Other than its business challenge, the company has become a political hot potato, recently coming under fire in Europe for its large stockpile of money, which Apple holds offshore rather than pay the U.S. corporate tax rate. The European Commission’s ruling that Apple owed Ireland $14.5 billion in back taxes has set off a firestorm in the U.S. over Apple, and other firms, which park profits overseas. But this week the question facing Apple won’t be where its tax revenues should go, but what did the firm do with the iPhone’s headphone jack. What the new iPhone reportedly won’t have is already set to be the most newsworthy. I hate to ask since consumer technology is supposed to be so exciting. But except for tweens handed their first phone, are the rest of us getting a little bored with our iPhones and other smartphones? I ask, because Apple faces a double problem, both products of its success. The iPhone lasts longer than it used to and the developed markets are saturated. Many millions of users will update to the iPhone 7, because that’s what technology has trained us to do. Still, there are only a certain number of people out there who feel they need to upgrade for a new shade of black or better battery life. The rest will wait until our iPhones sputter and give up the ghost, if that should ever happen. What Apple reportedly has in store for its next phone, which is expected to be called the iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus, sounds mildly interesting. There’s supposed to be a few new colors (dark black and piano black, to name two), improved camera technology for the larger model and more storage. There may also be a home button that one doesn’t push, but simply touches and feels a vibration. The iPhone may be slimmer than prior models. And then there’s that missing headphone jack. Instead, iPhone 7 users will be able to listen to music via the phone’s Lightning cable port. (The new iPhones will reportedly come with Lightning-to-headphone adapter as well as Lightning EarPods.) You know there will be some howling, because people hate change. Rumors have it that the iPhone can be slimmer without the headphone jack and that its absence also helps with waterproofing. But there could be another reason. The firm reportedly has a new audio system in the works for the next phone and Apple is trying to get its users ready for the change. The missing headphone jack move hearkens back to when Apple first came out with the iPhone in 2007. Missing from the brand new device was a traditional keypad with physical buttons like a BlackBerry or a stylus like a PalmPilot. Some people thought Apple was crazy to break from the standard design, but the company reinvented smartphones with these changes. Given what appears to be small upgrades to the iPhone, what Apple may be doing this week is offering the iPhone 7 as a placeholder, something that those needing an upgrade can have but nothing to really knock the socks off the entire smartphone category. Analysts predict that the company may be planning a major overhaul of the iPhone next year for its 10th anniversary. Among the rumored changes is that iPhone will be an all-glass device. That could wake up the masses. Contact Michelle Quinn at 510-394-4196 and mquinn@bayareanewsgroup.com. Follow her at Twitter.com/michellequinn. Tags:  Apple,  Business Columnists,  Commentary,  SV 2020,  Technology Michelle Quinn Michelle Quinn is a business columnist for the Bay Area News Group. Prior to her current role, she was the Silicon Valley correspondent at Politico covering tech policy and politics. She has also covered the tech industry at the Los Angeles Times and the San Francisco Chronicle. She was a blogger for the New York Times. Follow Michelle Quinn @michellequinn Subscribe Today! All Access Digital offer for just 99 cents! Sign up for our newsletters! Subscribe Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Most Popular Taylor Swift sealed photo hits the Internet Klay Thompson to Boston? The anatomy of a bogus trade rumor Californians fleeing high cost of housing Raiders sitting pretty … oh the possibilities Students disrupt traffic in Palo Alto, Menlo Park with anti-Trump protest Oakland schools anti-Trump protest draws more than 1,000 students Airbnb agrees to help San Francisco monitor short-term rentals San Jose expected to settle Sharks’ lawsuit over Diridon development More in Technology Biz Break: Samsung stretches out into cars in wake of smartphone setbacks November 14, 2016, 3:58 pm Samsung Electronics buys connected-car technology company Harman International for $8 billion in hopes of finding a new revenue source following setbacks with its smartphones. Activist investor Starboard buys a stake in Hewlett Packard Enterprise November 15, 2016, 6:00 am There was Yahoo. There was Depomed. There was Marvell Technology. And now, with a new investment in Hewlett Packard Enterprise, activist investor Starboard Value Fund appears to be going for a grand slam of cage-rattling among Bay Area businesses this year. Samsung Electronics buys auto-systems maker Harman for $8B November 14, 2016, 7:16 am Samsung Electronics said Monday it has agreed to acquire auto-systems maker Harman for $8 billion as the South Korean giant eyes the growing market for connected cars. Siemens to buy Oregon-based Mentor Graphics for $4.5 billion November 14, 2016, 7:05 am German industrial equipment maker Siemens AG says it has agreed to buy U.S.-based software firm Mentor Graphics Corp. for $4.5 billion, broadening Siemens digital capabilities. Member Services News Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Subscribe Manage Your Subscription All Access Subscriptions Today’s e-Edition Newsletter Sign-Up Mobile Apps Contact Us Corrections Reprints Archive Search Lottery Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Place an Obituary Place a Legal Ad Advertise With Us Today’s Ads Weekly Ads Local Guide Fry’s Ad Public Notices © 2016 Digital First Media Site Map Copyright Privacy Policy Powered by WordPress.com VIP Bay Area News Group Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Weather Your 4-day local weather forecast Wednesday November 16, 2016 News Local News Larger / SmallerNight Mode Education department denies Mt Warrigal teacher her prize LISA WACHSMUTH 10 Nov 2016, 6 p.m. Parents at Mt Warrigal Public School are upset that ‘red tape’ has denied their teacher her prize in a radio competition. Prize pool: Wave FM breakfast hosts Travis Winks and Mel Greig announced the winner of the Apple for the Teacher competition on their Thursday morning show. Picture: Supplied Parents at Mt Warrigal Public School are upset that government ‘red tape’ has denied their teacher her prize in a local radio competition. Celebrations that Year 1 teacher Kristy Voysey had won Wave FM’s Apple for the Teacher – and a trip for two to New York – soured when a NSW Department of Education directive stopped her claiming her prize. The directive also meant that every student in Class 1V would not receive their individual prize of a Apple iPad, as these would also remain the property of the school. However Amanda Smith, whose son Aiden is in Mrs Voysey’s class, said the school later confirmed it would ‘donate’ the mini iPads to the students. ‘’We were concerned about how we were going to explain to our children that the prize they were excited about was no longer theirs to keep,’’ Ms Smith said. ‘’But while we are happy that now the kids get to keep their prize, we are devastated that Mrs Voysey is not able to keep hers. ‘’She’s a great teacher, and just amazing with the children, and we all spent time voting for her so she would get the recognition – and the reward – she so deserves.’’ Wave FM breakfast hosts Mel Greig and Travis Winks announced Mrs Voysey as the competition winner on Thursday morning. ‘’This promotion is in its fourth year in the Illawarra and has been run many times throughout Australia which is why we were quite shocked to receive a phone call shortly before announcing the winner advising us that prizes were not to be gifted to the teacher or students in the nominated class,’’ Wave FM general manager Tony Williams said. ‘’After discussions with the Department of Education I can confirm that the iPad minis will go to the school who will then donate them to the pupils from that winning class. The teacher’s prize has been donated to the school and will be used at the school’s discretion.’’ Mr Williams said the radio station would be in contact with the department again when the competition returned in 2017. A department spokesman said all school staff were covered by a ‘code of conduct’. ‘’(This) specifies that significant prizes awarded to individuals in the course of their work are considered the property of the department,’’ the spokesman said. ‘’The teacher concerned has awarded the prize to the school P&C for the purpose of fundraising.’’ Other parents and community members took to Wave FM’s website to vent their frustrations. ‘’We all voted for Mrs Voysey as she is a great teacher, not to have it sold to someone else,’’ one said. ‘’… Every other year they have kept the prize so what’s the difference this year?’’ The story No Big Apple for teacher first appeared on Illawarra Mercury (Business). Latest News Emilia voices her dreams Trump's trade policy is dangerous, says Reserve Bank governor Philip Lowe Donald Trump presidency should force rethink of US alliance, says ALP's Penny Wong ATAR charade: Universities will be forced to increase transparency on admissions Defence Department bosses lying on pay and conditions, say public servants Editor's Picks An addict broke her jaw. The force broke her spirit Missing: broken hearts keep asking why ‘Give it back’: South Coast man's battle with museum Calls for judge who convicted paedophile to be removed Top Stories Albion Park bus crash: shock as classmates airlifted to hospital Two schoolbuses crash at ‘high speed’ in Albion Park, injuring 21 children Baby koalas survive against the odds: photos, video Problem site to rise at last Mary's memories of Sean Ross Abbey home Multimedia +more multimedia stories Photos Video Interactive Inside Radiance of the Seas’ voyage to Wollongong: blog Stay with us from 6am on Sunday as we keep you updated on the Radiance of the Seas’ ... Illawarra celebrates Melbourne Cup Day 2016: photos, video Illawarra punters party hard on Melbourne Cup day. 18 Wollongong eateries to try - from Friday night feeds to lazy Sunday breakfasts Some favourite feeds from the Illawarra Mercury reporting team. Radiance of the Seas arrives in Wollongong: your photos Have you got a Radiance of the Seas photo you’d like to share? Contact Us About Us Advertising Privacy Policy Conditions of Use Copyright © 2016. Fairfax Media. Fairfax Media Front Page News Loading... Sport Loading... Opinion Loading... Community Loading... Life & Style Loading... Entertainment Loading... Classifieds Loading... Multimedia Loading... Front Page News Local News Regional Focus National World Business Politics Kochie's Business Builders Digital Edition Sport Local Sport Hawks Nest Dragon's Den Fishing AFL Soccer Basketball Junior Sport News Opinion Letters Opinion Editorial Community Local Business Feature Competitions Sponsorships Subscribe Life & Style Food & Wine Health Home & Garden Money Relationships Travel Domain Cars Pets & Animals Entertainment Books & Arts Celebrity TV & Movies Technology TV Guide Classifieds Real Estate Jobs Notices Place a Classifieds Ad Tributes Celebrations Ag and Rural Multimedia Photos Video Interactive Search NewsBusiness Smartphone Tablet - Narrow Tablet - Wide Desktop
null
Dienstag, 15.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 551 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Aktien»Nachrichten»APPLE AKTIE»Wirecard Brings Apple Pay to France APPLE INC 99,29  Euro +1,051 +1,07 % WKN: 865985  ISIN: US0378331005 Ticker-Symbol: APC  Frankfurt | 15.11.16 | 18:47 Uhr Nachrichten Analysen Kurse Chart Aktie: BrancheHardware AktienmarktS&P 100 NASDAQ-100 S&P 500 DJ Industrial 1-Jahres-Chart 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart Realtime Geld Brief Zeit 99,15 99,37 19:06 99,16 99,28 19:06 10.11.2016 | 07:31 (128 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) PR Newswire·Mehr Nachrichten von PR Newswire Wirecard Brings Apple Pay to France MUNICH and PARIS, November 10, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Orange's mobile wallet app Orange Cash, supported by the German mobile payment expert Wirecard, now supports Apple Pay in France. Orange Cash offers contactless mobile payments based on a prepaid account with a digital Visa card, issued by Wirecard Card Solutions. The digital card will be provisioned through an app-to-wallet interface directly into Wallet. Customers don't need to scan a plastic card and run through additional verification processes, thus making the on-boarding process very user-friendly while ensuring high security standards. Security and privacy is at the core of Apple Pay. When using a credit or debit card with Apple Pay, the actual card numbers are not stored on the device, nor on Apple servers. Instead, a unique Device Account Number is assigned, encrypted and securely stored in the Secure Element on your device. Each transaction is authorised with a one-time unique dynamic security code. Nicolas Lévi, Director Payments and Mobile Financial Services at Orange, comments: "With Wirecard on our side, a leading specialist in the field of mobile payment, we found a strong partner. We are driven by our desire to further expand mobile payment coverage on the market. Our innovative spirit helps us to develop the most useful and advanced services for our customers, we believe Apple Pay is just that." Orange Cash offers one-tap, real-time loyalty and couponing deals from participating retailers through Wirecard's Card-Linked Offers platform. "By supporting the launch of Orange Cash with Apple Pay in France, for the first time customers with iPhone 6 and later can also benefit from couponing and loyalty deals while using mobile payments. An easy-to-handle one-tap solution for payment and benefits guarantees Orange customers using iPhone 6 and later a smart shopping experience. Together with Orange we are offering the first app-to-wallet provisioning of an Apple Pay solution with Visa in Europe, which makes us proud", says Brigitte Häuser-Axtner, Executive Vice President Sales Digital Goods with Wirecard. Apple Pay is easy to set up and users will continue to receive all of the rewards and beneï¬ts offered by credit and debit cards. In France, Apple Pay works with iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus and later, iPhone SE and Apple Watch. For more information on Apple Pay, visit:http://www.apple.com/fr/apple-pay/ Find out more about Orange Cash:http://orangecash.orange.fr/decouvrir About Wirecard: Wirecard AG is a global technology group that supports companies in accepting electronic payments from all sales channels. As a leading independent supplier, the Wirecard Group offers outsourcing and white label solutions for electronic payments. A global platform bundles international payment acceptances and methods with supplementary fraud prevention solutions. With regard to issuing own payment instruments in the form of cards or mobile payment solutions, the Wirecard Group provides companies with an end-to-end infrastructure, including the requisite licences for card and account products. Wirecard AG is listed on the Frankfurt Securities Exchange (TecDAX, ISIN DE0007472060, WDI). For further information about Wirecard, please visit http://www.wirecard.com or follow us on Twitter @wirecard. Wirecard media contact: Wirecard AG Jana Tilz Tel.: +49(0)-89-4424-1363 Email: jana.tilz@wirecard.com © 2016 PR Newswire Nachrichten zu APPLE INC Zeit Aktuelle Nachrichten 18:51 300-Euro-Buch "Designed by Apple in California" ab morgen bei Apple ► Artikel lesen 18:48 Here's When Nintendo's Super Mario iPhone Game Comes Out ► Artikel lesen 18:34 Apple-Aktie: Ankündigungen sind bloßes Säbelrasseln! - Aktienanalyse New York - Apple-Aktienanalyse von Analyst Brian White von Drexel Hamilton: Laut einer Aktienanalyse empfiehlt Brian White, Analyst beim Investmenthaus Drexel Hamilton, die Aktien von Apple Inc. (ISIN:... ► Artikel lesen 18:21 Apple's big App Store purge is now underway ► Artikel lesen 18:09 Super Mario Run will launch for iPhone and iPad on December 15 ► Artikel lesen Nachrichten zu WIRECARD AG Zeit Aktuelle Nachrichten Mo Wirecard schlägt den nächsten Pflock ein! Liebe Leser, Wirecard weitet die Vermarktung seiner Alipay-App beträchtlich aus. Dem Spezialisten für mobile Bezahlsysteme ist es gelungen, die französische Luxus-Kaufhauskette Printemps von einer Zusammenarbeit... ► Artikel lesen Mo WIRECARD - Rallychance verstreicht ungenutzt ► Artikel lesen Mo Wirecard: Welch ein turbulentes Jahr! Lieber Leser, der Zahlungsabwicklungsdienstleister Wirecard hat vor allem börsentechnisch ein turbulentes Jahr hinter sich. Anfang Februar wurde das TecDAX-Unternehmen aus Aschheim bei München Zielscheibe... ► Artikel lesen Mo Wirecards Orange Cash-App unterstützt Apple Pay nun in Frankreich ASCHHEIM BEI MÜNCHEN (IT-Times) - Der deutsche Anbieter von mobilen Bezahllösungen Wirecard AG hat vermeldet, in Frankreich nun das Bezahlen per Apple Pay in die Orange Cash-App integriert zu haben.... ► Artikel lesen Fr DGAP-AFR: Wirecard AG: Vorabbekanntmachung über die Veröffentlichung von Quartalsberichten und Quartals-/Zwischenmitteilungen DGAP Vorabbekanntmachung Finanzberichte: Wirecard AG / Vorabbekanntmachung über die Veröffentlichung von Rechnungslegungsberichten Wirecard AG: Vorabbekanntmachung über die Veröffentlichung von Quartalsberichten... ► Artikel lesen Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
Regulatory News Search Search Products & Services    News Releases Close Send a release Become a client For journalists Global sites Asia Brazil Canada Finland France India Israel Mexico Netherlands Sweden United States See more news releases in Consumer Electronics | Electronic Commerce | Banking & Financial Services | Joint Ventures | New Products & Services Wirecard Brings Apple Pay to France MUNICH and PARIS, November 10, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Orange`s mobile wallet app Orange Cash, supported by the German mobile payment expert Wirecard, now supports Apple Pay in France. Orange Cash offers contactless mobile payments based on a prepaid account with a digital Visa card, issued by Wirecard Card Solutions. The digital card will be provisioned through an app-to-wallet interface directly into Wallet. Customers don't need to scan a plastic card and run through additional verification processes, thus making the on-boarding process very user-friendly while ensuring high security standards. Security and privacy is at the core of Apple Pay. When using a credit or debit card with Apple Pay, the actual card numbers are not stored on the device, nor on Apple servers. Instead, a unique Device Account Number is assigned, encrypted and securely stored in the Secure Element on your device. Each transaction is authorised with a one-time unique dynamic security code. Nicolas Lévi, Director Payments and Mobile Financial Services at Orange, comments: "With Wirecard on our side, a leading specialist in the field of mobile payment, we found a strong partner. We are driven by our desire to further expand mobile payment coverage on the market. Our innovative spirit helps us to develop the most useful and advanced services for our customers, we believe Apple Pay is just that." Orange Cash offers one-tap, real-time loyalty and couponing deals from participating retailers through Wirecard's Card-Linked Offers platform. "By supporting the launch of Orange Cash with Apple Pay in France, for the first time customers with iPhone 6 and later can also benefit from couponing and loyalty deals while using mobile payments. An easy-to-handle one-tap solution for payment and benefits guarantees Orange customers using iPhone 6 and later a smart shopping experience. Together with Orange we are offering the first app-to-wallet provisioning of an Apple Pay solution with Visa in Europe, which makes us proud", says Brigitte Häuser-Axtner, Executive Vice President Sales Digital Goods with Wirecard. Apple Pay is easy to set up and users will continue to receive all of the rewards and beneﬁts offered by credit and debit cards. In France, Apple Pay works with iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus and later, iPhone SE and Apple Watch. For more information on Apple Pay, visit: http://www.apple.com/fr/apple-pay/ Find out more about Orange Cash: http://orangecash.orange.fr/decouvrir About Wirecard:  Wirecard AG is a global technology group that supports companies in accepting electronic payments from all sales channels. As a leading independent supplier, the Wirecard Group offers outsourcing and white label solutions for electronic payments. A global platform bundles international payment acceptances and methods with supplementary fraud prevention solutions. With regard to issuing own payment instruments in the form of cards or mobile payment solutions, the Wirecard Group provides companies with an end-to-end infrastructure, including the requisite licences for card and account products. Wirecard AG is listed on the Frankfurt Securities Exchange (TecDAX, ISIN DE0007472060, WDI). For further information about Wirecard, please visit http://www.wirecard.com or follow us on Twitter @wirecard. Wirecard media contact: Wirecard AG Jana Tilz Tel.: +49(0)-89-4424-1363 Email: jana.tilz@wirecard.com SOURCE Wirecard AG More by this Source Le Printemps s'associe avec Wirecard et devient le premier grand magasin en France à proposer les règlements via Alipay 09 Nov, 2016, 10:40 GMT Printemps Partners With Wirecard and Becomes the First Department Store in France to Accept Payments via Alipay 09 Nov, 2016, 10:38 GMT Romcard E-Wallet Integrated in the New Carrefour Pay Application 10:58 GMT View all news by Wirecard AG Journalists and Bloggers Visit PR Newswire for Journalists for releases, photos and customised feeds just for media. View and download archived video content distributed by MultiVu on The Digital Center. Next in Consumer Electronics News   Get content for your website Enhance your website's or blog's content with PR Newswire's customised real-time news feeds. Start today.       Contact PR Newswire Send us an email at MarketingUK@prnewswire.co.uk or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382       Become a PR Newswire client Request more information about PR Newswire products & services or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382     Products & Services Knowledge Centre Browse News Releases Meet the Media Contact PR Newswire About PR Newswire Contact PR Newswire PR Newswire's Terms of Use Apply Privacy and Cookie Policy Site Map RSS Feeds Blog Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cisioncompany. Powered by Clickability.
The Atlantic Subscribe Search Menu The Binge Breaker Close Home Latest Most Popular Magazine Video Photo Writers News Politics Business Culture Science Technology Health Sexes U.S. Society Education Global Notes Projects Next America Events Books Shop Your AccountLog Out Log InCreate Account 2 Free Issues Try two trial issues of The Atlantic with our compliments. Claim now Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest RSS App Store See our Newsletters > The Binge Breaker Tristan Harris believes Silicon Valley is addicting us to our phones. He’s determined to make it stop. Olaf Blecker Most Popular Why Hillary Clinton Lost Molly Ball 4:50 AM ET China’s Great Leap Backward James Fallows 6:00 AM ET Better Off Before Obamacare? Olga Khazan Nov 14, 2016 Stephen Colbert Finds Refuge in Punditry Megan Garber 10:59 AM ET Liberals Have a Choice: Reach Out to Trump Voters, or Condemn Them Emma Green 9:34 AM ET Bianca Bosker November 2016 Issue Technology Share Tweet … LinkedIn Email Print Text Size On a recent evening in San Francisco, Tristan Harris, a former product philosopher at Google, took a name tag from a man in pajamas called “Honey Bear” and wrote down his pseudonym for the night: “Presence.” Harris had just arrived at Unplug SF, a “digital detox experiment” held in honor of the National Day of Unplugging, and the organizers had banned real names. Also outlawed: clocks, “w-talk” (work talk), and “WMDs” (the planners’ loaded shorthand for wireless mobile devices). Harris, a slight 32-year-old with copper hair and a tidy beard, surrendered his iPhone, a device he considers so addictive that he’s called it “a slot machine in my pocket.” He keeps the background set to an image of Scrabble tiles spelling out the words face down, a reminder of the device’s optimal position. I followed him into a spacious venue packed with nearly 400 people painting faces, filling in coloring books, and wrapping yarn around chopsticks. Despite the cheerful summer-camp atmosphere, the event was a reminder of the binary choice facing smartphone owners, who, according to one study, consult their device 150 times a day: Leave the WMD on and deal with relentless prompts compelling them to check its screen, or else completely disconnect. “It doesn’t have to be the all-or-nothing choice,” Harris told me after taking in the arts-and-crafts scene. “That’s a design failure.” Harris is the closest thing Silicon Valley has to a conscience. As the co‑founder of Time Well Spent, an advocacy group, he is trying to bring moral integrity to software design: essentially, to persuade the tech world to help us disengage more easily from its devices. While some blame our collective tech addiction on personal failings, like weak willpower, Harris points a finger at the software itself. That itch to glance at our phone is a natural reaction to apps and websites engineered to get us scrolling as frequently as possible. The attention economy, which showers profits on companies that seize our focus, has kicked off what Harris calls a “race to the bottom of the brain stem.” “You could say that it’s my responsibility” to exert self-control when it comes to digital usage, he explains, “but that’s not acknowledging that there’s a thousand people on the other side of the screen whose job is to break down whatever responsibility I can maintain.” In short, we’ve lost control of our relationship with technology because technology has become better at controlling us. A “Hippocratic oath” for software designers would stop the exploitation of people’s psychological vulnerabilities. Under the auspices of Time Well Spent, Harris is leading a movement to change the fundamentals of software design. He is rallying product designers to adopt a “Hippocratic oath” for software that, he explains, would check the practice of “exposing people’s psychological vulnerabilities” and restore “agency” to users. “There needs to be new ratings, new criteria, new design standards, new certification standards,” he says. “There is a way to design based not on addiction.” Joe Edelman—who did much of the research informing Time Well Spent’s vision and is the co-director of a think tank advocating for more-respectful software design—likens Harris to a tech-focused Ralph Nader. Other people, including Adam Alter, a marketing professor at NYU, have championed theses similar to Harris’s; but according to Josh Elman, a Silicon Valley veteran with the venture-capital firm Greylock Partners, Harris is “the first putting it together in this way”—articulating the problem, its societal cost, and ideas for tackling it. Elman compares the tech industry to Big Tobacco before the link between cigarettes and cancer was established: keen to give customers more of what they want, yet simultaneously inflicting collateral damage on their lives. Harris, Elman says, is offering Silicon Valley a chance to reevaluate before more-immersive technology, like virtual reality, pushes us beyond a point of no return. All this talk of hacking human psychology could sound paranoid, if Harris had not witnessed the manipulation firsthand. Raised in the Bay Area by a single mother employed as an advocate for injured workers, Harris spent his childhood creating simple software for Macintosh computers and writing fan mail to Steve Wozniak, a co-founder of Apple. He studied computer science at Stanford while interning at Apple, then embarked on a master’s degree at Stanford, where he joined the Persuasive Technology Lab. Run by the experimental psychologist B. J. Fogg, the lab has earned a cultlike following among entrepreneurs hoping to master Fogg’s principles of “behavior design”—a euphemism for what sometimes amounts to building software that nudges us toward the habits a company seeks to instill. (One of Instagram’s co-founders is an alumnus.) In Fogg’s course, Harris studied the psychology of behavior change, such as how clicker training for dogs, among other methods of conditioning, can inspire products for people. For example, rewarding someone with an instantaneous “like” after they post a photo can reinforce the action, and potentially shift it from an occasional to a daily activity. Harris learned that the most-successful sites and apps hook us by tapping into deep-seated human needs. When LinkedIn launched, for instance, it created a hub-and-spoke icon to visually represent the size of each user’s network. That triggered people’s innate craving for social approval and, in turn, got them scrambling to connect. “Even though at the time there was nothing useful you could do with LinkedIn, that simple icon had a powerful effect in tapping into people’s desire not to look like losers,” Fogg told me. Harris began to see that technology is not, as so many engineers claim, a neutral tool; rather, it’s capable of coaxing us to act in certain ways. And he was troubled that out of 10 sessions in Fogg’s course, only one addressed the ethics of these persuasive tactics. (Fogg says that topic is “woven throughout” the curriculum.) From Our November 2016 Issue Try 2 FREE issues of The Atlantic Subscribe Harris dropped out of the master’s program to launch a start-up that installed explanatory pop-ups across thousands of sites, including The New York Times’. It was his first direct exposure to the war being waged for our time, and Harris felt torn between his company’s social mission, which was to spark curiosity by making facts easily accessible, and pressure from publishers to corral users into spending more and more minutes on their sites. Though Harris insists he steered clear of persuasive tactics, he grew more familiar with how they were applied. He came to conceive of them as “hijacking techniques”—the digital version of pumping sugar, salt, and fat into junk food in order to induce bingeing. McDonald’s hooks us by appealing to our bodies’ craving for certain flavors; Facebook, Instagram, and Twitter hook us by delivering what psychologists call “variable rewards.” Messages, photos, and “likes” appear on no set schedule, so we check for them compulsively, never sure when we’ll receive that dopamine-activating prize. (Delivering rewards at random has been proved to quickly and strongly reinforce behavior.) Checking that Facebook friend request will take only a few seconds, we reason, though research shows that when interrupted, people take an average of 25 minutes to return to their original task. Sites foster a sort of distracted lingering partly by lumping multiple services together. To answer the friend request, we’ll pass by the News Feed, where pictures and auto-play videos seduce us into scrolling through an infinite stream of posts—what Harris calls a “bottomless bowl,” referring to a study that found people eat 73 percent more soup out of self-refilling bowls than out of regular ones, without realizing they’ve consumed extra. The “friend request” tab will nudge us to add even more contacts by suggesting “people you may know,” and in a split second, our unconscious impulses cause the cycle to continue: Once we send the friend request, an alert appears on the recipient’s phone in bright red—a “trigger” color, Harris says, more likely than some other hues to make people click—and because seeing our name taps into a hardwired sense of social obligation, she will drop everything to answer. In the end, he says, companies “stand back watching as a billion people run around like chickens with their heads cut off, responding to each other and feeling indebted to each other.” A Facebook spokesperson told me the social network focuses on maximizing the quality of the experience—not the time its users spend on the site—and surveys its users daily to gauge success. In response to this feedback, Facebook recently tweaked its News Feed algorithm to punish clickbait—stories with sensationalist headlines designed to attract readers. (LinkedIn and Instagram declined requests for comment. Twitter did not reply to multiple queries.) Even so, a niche group of consultants has emerged to teach companies how to make their services irresistible. One such guru is Nir Eyal, the author of Hooked: How to Build Habit-Forming Products, who has lectured or consulted for firms such as LinkedIn and Instagram. A blog post he wrote touting the value of variable rewards is titled “Want to Hook Your Users? Drive Them Crazy.” While asserting that companies are morally obligated to help those genuinely addicted to their services, Eyal contends that social media merely satisfies our appetite for entertainment in the same way TV or novels do, and that the latest technology tends to get vilified simply because it’s new, but eventually people find balance. “Saying ‘Don’t use these techniques’ is essentially saying ‘Don’t make your products fun to use.’ That’s silly,” Eyal told me. “With every new technology, the older generation says ‘Kids these days are using too much of this and too much of that and it’s melting their brains.’ And it turns out that what we’ve always done is to adapt.” Google acquired Harris’s company in 2011, and he ended up working on Gmail’s Inbox app. (He’s quick to note that while he was there, it was never an explicit goal to increase time spent on Gmail.) A year into his tenure, Harris grew concerned about the failure to consider how seemingly minor design choices, such as having phones buzz with each new email, would cascade into billions of interruptions. His team dedicated months to fine-tuning the aesthetics of the Gmail app with the aim of building a more “delightful” email experience. But to him that missed the bigger picture: Instead of trying to improve email, why not ask how email could improve our lives—or, for that matter, whether each design decision was making our lives worse? Harris gives off a preppy-hippie vibe that allows him to move comfortably between Palo Alto boardrooms and device-free retreats. (Olaf Blecker) Six months after attending Burning Man in the Nevada desert, a trip Harris says helped him with “waking up and questioning my own beliefs,” he quietly released “A Call to Minimize Distraction & Respect Users’ Attention,” a 144-page Google Slides presentation. In it, he declared, “Never before in history have the decisions of a handful of designers (mostly men, white, living in SF, aged 25–35) working at 3 companies”—Google, Apple, and Facebook—“had so much impact on how millions of people around the world spend their attention … We should feel an enormous responsibility to get this right.” Although Harris sent the presentation to just 10 of his closest colleagues, it quickly spread to more than 5,000 Google employees, including then-CEO Larry Page, who discussed it with Harris in a meeting a year later. “It sparked something,” recalls Mamie Rheingold, a former Google staffer who organized an internal Q&A session with Harris at the company’s headquarters. “He did successfully create a dialogue and open conversation about this in the company.” Harris parlayed his presentation into a position as product philosopher, which involved researching ways Google could adopt ethical design. But he says he came up against “inertia.” Product road maps had to be followed, and fixing tools that were obviously broken took precedence over systematically rethinking services. Chris Messina, then a designer at Google, says little changed following the release of Harris’s slides: “It was one of those things where there’s a lot of head nods, and then people go back to work.” Harris told me some colleagues misinterpreted his message, thinking that he was proposing banning people from social media, or that the solution was simply sending fewer notifications. (Google declined to comment.) Harris left the company last December to push for change more widely, buoyed by a growing network of supporters that includes the MIT professor Sherry Turkle; Meetup’s CEO, Scott Heiferman; and Justin Rosenstein, a co-inventor of the “like” button; along with fed-up users and concerned employees across the industry. “Pretty much every big company that’s manipulating users has been very interested in our work,” says Joe Edelman, who has spent the past five years trading ideas and leading workshops with Harris. Through Time Well Spent, his advocacy group, Harris hopes to mobilize support for what he likens to an organic-food movement, but for software: an alternative built around core values, chief of which is helping us spend our time well, instead of demanding more of it. Thus far, Time Well Spent is more a label for his crusade—and a vision he hopes others will embrace—than a full-blown organization. (Harris, its sole employee, self-funds it.) Yet he’s amassed a network of volunteers keen to get involved, thanks in part to his frequent cameos on the thought-leader speaker circuit, including talks at Harvard’s Berkman Klein Center for Internet & Society; the O’Reilly Design Conference; an internal meeting of Facebook designers; and a TEDx event, whose video has been viewed more than 1 million times online. Tim O’Reilly, the founder of O’Reilly Media and an early web pioneer, told me Harris’s ideas are “definitely something that people who are influential are listening to and thinking about.” Even Fogg, who stopped wearing his Apple Watch because its incessant notifications annoyed him, is a fan of Harris’s work: “It’s a brave thing to do and a hard thing to do.” At Unplug SF, a burly man calling himself “Haus” enveloped Harris in a bear hug. “This is the antidote!,” Haus cheered. “This is the antivenom!” All evening, I watched people pull Harris aside to say hello, or ask to schedule a meeting. Someone cornered Harris to tell him about his internet “sabbatical,” but Harris cut him off. “For me this is w‑talk,” he protested. Harris admits that researching the ways our time gets hijacked has made him slightly obsessive about evaluating what counts as “time well spent” in his own life. The hypnosis class Harris went to before meeting me—because he suspects the passive state we enter while scrolling through feeds is similar to being hypnotized—was not time well spent. The slow-moving course, he told me, was “low bit rate”—a technical term for data-transfer speeds. Attending the digital detox? Time very well spent. He was delighted to get swept up in a mass game of rock-paper-scissors, where a series of one-on-one elimination contests culminated in an onstage showdown between “Joe” and “Moonlight.” Harris has a tendency to immerse himself in a single activity at a time. In conversation, he rarely breaks eye contact and will occasionally rest a hand on his interlocutor’s arm, as if to keep both parties present in the moment. He got so wrapped up in our chat one afternoon that he attempted to get into an idling Uber that was not an Uber at all, but a car that had paused at a stop sign. An accordion player and tango dancer in his spare time who pairs plaid shirts with a bracelet that has presence stamped into a silver charm, Harris gives off a preppy-hippie vibe that allows him to move comfortably between Palo Alto boardrooms and device-free retreats. In that sense, he had a great deal in common with the other Unplug SF attendees, many of whom belong to a new class of tech elites “waking up” to their industry’s unwelcome side effects. For many entrepreneurs, this epiphany has come with age, children, and the peace of mind of having several million in the bank, says Soren Gordhamer, the creator of Wisdom 2.0, a conference series about maintaining “presence and purpose” in the digital age. “They feel guilty,” Gordhamer says. “They are realizing they built this thing that’s so addictive.” I asked Harris whether he felt guilty about having joined Google, which has inserted its technology into our pockets, glasses, watches, and cars. He didn’t. He acknowledged that some divisions, such as YouTube, benefit from coaxing us to stare at our screens. But he justified his decision to work there with the logic that since Google controls three interfaces through which millions engage with technology—Gmail, Android, and Chrome—the company was the “first line of defense.” Getting Google to rethink those products, as he’d attempted to do, had the potential to transform our online experience. Snapchat’s tactics for hooking users may make Facebook’s look quaint. At a restaurant around the corner from Unplug SF, Harris demonstrated an alternative way of interacting with WMDs, based on his own self-defense tactics. Certain tips were intuitive: He’s “almost militaristic about turning off notifications” on his iPhone, and he set a custom vibration pattern for text messages, so he can feel the difference between an automated alert and a human’s words. Other tips drew on Harris’s study of psychology. Since merely glimpsing an app’s icon will “trigger this whole set of sensations and thoughts,” he pruned the first screen of his phone to include only apps, such as Uber and Google Maps, that perform a single function and thus run a low risk of “bottomless bowl–ing.” He tried to make his phone look minimalist: Taking a cue from a Google experiment that cut employees’ M&M snacking by moving the candy from clear to opaque containers, he buried colorful icons—along with time-sucking apps like Gmail and WhatsApp—inside folders on the second page of his iPhone. As a result, that screen was practically grayscale. Harris launches apps by using what he calls the phone’s “consciousness filter”—typing Instagram, say, into its search bar—which reduces impulsive tapping. For similar reasons, Harris keeps a Post-it on his laptop with this instruction: “Do not open without intention.” His approach seems to have worked. I’m usually quick to be annoyed by friends reaching for their phones, but next to Harris, I felt like an addict. Wary of being judged, I made a point not to check my iPhone unless he checked his first, but he went so long without peeking that I started getting antsy. Harris assured me that I was far from an exception. “Our generation relies on our phones for our moment-to-moment choices about who we’re hanging out with, what we should be thinking about, who we owe a response to, and what’s important in our lives,” he said. “And if that’s the thing that you’ll outsource your thoughts to, forget the brain implant. That is the brain implant. You refer to it all the time.” Curious to hear more about Harris’s plan for tackling manipulative software, I tagged along one morning to his meeting with two entrepreneurs eager to incorporate Time Well Spent values into their start-up. Harris, flushed from a yoga class, met me at a bakery not far from the “intentional community house” where he lives with a dozen or so housemates. We were joined by Micha Mikailian and Johnny Chan, the co-founders of an ad blocker, Intently, that replaces advertising with “intentions” reminding people to “Follow Your Bliss” or “Be Present.” Previously, they’d run a marketing and advertising agency. “One day I was in a meditation practice. I just got the vision for Intently,” said Mikailian, who sported a chunky turquoise bracelet and a man bun. “It fully aligned with my purpose,” said Chan. They were interested in learning what it would take to integrate ethical design. Coordinating loosely with Joe Edelman, Harris is developing a code of conduct—the Hippocratic oath for software designers—and a playbook of best practices that can guide start-ups and corporations toward products that “treat people with respect.” Having companies rethink the metrics by which they measure success would be a start. “You have to imagine: What are the concrete benefits landed in space and in time in a person’s life?,” Harris said, coaching Mikailian and Chan. Harris hopes that companies will offer a healthier alternative to the current diet of tech junk food—perhaps at a premium price. At his speaking engagements, Harris has presented prototype products that embody other principles of ethical design. He argues that technology should help us set boundaries. This could be achieved by, for example, an inbox that asks how much time we want to dedicate to email, then gently reminds us when we’ve exceeded our quota. Technology should give us the ability to see where our time goes, so we can make informed decisions—imagine your phone alerting you when you’ve unlocked it for the 14th time in an hour. And technology should help us meet our goals, give us control over our relationships, and enable us to disengage without anxiety. Harris has demoed a hypothetical “focus mode” for Gmail that would pause incoming messages until someone has finished concentrating on a task, while allowing interruptions in case of an emergency. (Slack has implemented a similar feature.) Harris hopes to create a Time Well Spent certification—akin to the leed seal or an organic label—that would designate software made with those values in mind. He already has a shortlist of apps that he endorses as early exemplars of the ethos, such as Pocket, Calendly, and f.lux, which, respectively, saves articles for future reading, lets people book empty slots on an individual’s calendar to streamline the process of scheduling meetings, and aims to improve sleep quality by adding a pinkish cast to the circadian-rhythm-disrupting blue light of screens. Intently could potentially join this coalition, he volunteered. As a first step toward identifying other services that could qualify, Harris has experimented with creating software that would capture how many hours someone devotes weekly to each app on her phone, then ask her which ones were worthwhile. The data could be compiled to create a leaderboard that shames apps that addict but fail to satisfy. Edelman has released a related tool for websites, called Hindsight. “We have to change what it means to win,” Harris says. The biggest obstacle to incorporating ethical design and “agency” is not technical complexity. According to Harris, it’s a “will thing.” And on that front, even his supporters worry that the culture of Silicon Valley may be inherently at odds with anything that undermines engagement or growth. “This is not the place where people tend to want to slow down and be deliberate about their actions and how their actions impact others,” says Jason Fried, who has spent the past 12 years running Basecamp, a project-management tool. “They want to make things more sugary and more tasty, and pull you in, and justify billions of dollars of valuation and hundreds of millions of dollars [in] VC funds.” Rather than dismantling the entire attention economy, Harris hopes that companies will, at the very least, create a healthier alternative to the current diet of tech junk food. He recognizes that this shift would require reevaluating entrenched business models so success no longer hinges on claiming attention and time. As with organic vegetables, it’s possible that the first generation of Time Well Spent software might be available at a premium price, to make up for lost advertising dollars. “Would you pay $7 a month for a version of Facebook that was built entirely to empower you to live your life?,” Harris says. “I think a lot of people would pay for that.” Like splurging on grass-fed beef, paying for services that are available for free and disconnecting for days (even hours) at a time are luxuries that few but the reasonably well-off can afford. I asked Harris whether this risked stratifying tech consumption, such that the privileged escape the mental hijacking and everyone else remains subjected to it. “It creates a new inequality. It does,” Harris admitted. But he countered that if his movement gains steam, broader change could occur, much in the way Walmart now stocks organic produce. Currently, though, the trend is toward deeper manipulation in ever more sophisticated forms. Harris fears that Snapchat’s tactics for hooking users make Facebook’s look quaint. Facebook automatically tells a message’s sender when the recipient reads the note—a design choice that, per Fogg’s logic, activates our hardwired sense of social reciprocity and encourages the recipient to respond. Snapchat ups the ante: Unless the default settings are changed, users are informed the instant a friend begins typing a message to them—which effectively makes it a faux pas not to finish a message you start. Harris worries that the app’s Snapstreak feature, which displays how many days in a row two friends have snapped each other and rewards their loyalty with an emoji, seems to have been pulled straight from Fogg’s inventory of persuasive tactics. Research shared with Harris by Emily Weinstein, a Harvard doctoral candidate, shows that Snapstreak is driving some teenagers nuts—to the point that before going on vacation, they give friends their log-in information and beg them to snap in their stead. “To be honest, it made me sick to my stomach to hear these anecdotes,” Harris told me. Harris thinks his best shot at improving the status quo is to get users riled up about the ways they’re being manipulated, then create a groundswell of support for technology that respects people’s agency—something akin to the privacy outcry that prodded companies to roll out personal-information protections. While Harris’s experience at Google convinced him that users must demand change for it to happen, Edelman suggests that the incentive to adapt can originate within the industry, as engineers become reluctant to build products they view as unethical and companies face a brain drain. The more people recognize the repercussions of tech firms’ persuasive tactics, the more working there “becomes uncool,” he says, a view I heard echoed by others in his field. “You can really burn through engineers hard.” There is arguably an element of hypocrisy to the enlightened image that Silicon Valley projects, especially with its recent embrace of “mindfulness.” Companies like Google and Facebook, which have offered mindfulness training and meditation spaces for their employees, position themselves as corporate leaders in this movement. Yet this emphasis on mindfulness and consciousness, which has extended far beyond the tech world, puts the burden on users to train their focus, without acknowledging that the devices in their hands are engineered to chip away at their concentration. It’s like telling people to get healthy by exercising more, then offering the choice between a Big Mac and a Quarter Pounder when they sit down for a meal. And being aware of software’s seductive power does not mean being immune to its influence. One evening, just as we were about to part ways for the night, Harris stood talking by his car when his phone flashed with a new text message. He glanced down at the screen and interrupted himself mid-sentence. “Oh!” he announced, more to his phone than to me, and mumbled something about what a coincidence it was that the person texting him knew his friend. He looked back up sheepishly. “That’s a great example,” he said, waving his phone. “I had no control over the process.” Share Tweet Comments Latest Video What Does St. Louis Feel Like Now? In a short documentary, residents reflect on what racial reconciliation—if any—has happened in the segregated city. Nadine Ajaka Nov 14, 2016 About the Author Bianca Bosker is the author of Original Copies and the forthcoming Cork Dork. She is the former executive tech editor at The Huffington Post. previousVoter Groups Are Pushing Latinos to the PollsnextI Welcomed America’s Invasion of My Country 15 Years Ago Most Popular Presented by Carlos Barria / Reuters Why Hillary Clinton Lost Molly Ball As devastated Democrats cast about for explanations, her campaign’s decisions have come under scrutiny. Why did Hillary Clinton lose last week’s presidential election? The candidate herself believes James Comey, the FBI director who notified Congress in an October 28 letter that he was reopening the inquiry into her private emails, was to blame. Her campaign, meanwhile, has cited “a host of uncontrollable headwinds,” asserting that her team did all they could in an unforeseeably difficult environment. Many Democrats, however, are less forgiving of the campaign and its strategy. It may be true that the Comey letter shaved a crucial few points off Clinton’s vote in the home stretch. But critics believe a better campaign would have left her less exposed to a last-minute surprise. If not for a series of miscalculations, these critics contend, the Comey letter wouldn’t have had the impact it did—and she might be president today. Continue Reading Oliver Munday China’s Great Leap Backward James Fallows The country has become repressive in a way that it has not been since the Cultural Revolution. What does its darkening political climate—and growing belligerence—mean for the United States? What if China is going bad? Since early last year I have been asking people inside and outside China versions of this question. By “bad” I don’t mean morally. Moral and ethical factors obviously matter in foreign policy, but I’m talking about something different. Nor is the question mainly about economics, although for China the short-term stability and long-term improvement of jobs, wages, and living standards are fundamental to the government’s survival. Under China’s single-party Communist arrangement, sustained economic failure would naturally raise questions about the system as a whole, as it did in the Soviet Union. True, modern China’s economic performance even during its slowdowns is like the Soviet Union’s during its booms. But the absence of a political outlet for dissatisfaction is similar. Continue Reading Nathan Chute / Reuters Better Off Before Obamacare? Olga Khazan Before the law, which Trump has said he would repeal, health insurance was cheaper for a few, but outright unattainable for many. Throughout his campaign, President-Elect Donald Trump repeatedly vowed to repeal and replace Obamacare, which he called “a disaster.” That was music to his supporters’ ears. Repealing Obamacare is Republican voters’ biggest priority for the Trump administration, according to a recent Politico/Morning Consult poll. People who are unhappy with the Affordable Care Act overwhelmingly voted for Trump, and now 74 percent of Republicans want it gone. The frustration with the health law is understandable; many people are struggling to afford medical care even if they have insurance. The problem is, it’s not clear Americans would have been better off had Obamacare never been passed. First, some people might be confused about what, exactly, they’re angry at. When we talk about “Obamacare,” we’re talking primarily about the 12.7 million people who are buying individual insurance coverage through state marketplaces or Healthcare.gov. Roughly 60 million people voted for Trump last week, so they can’t all be on Obamacare exchange plans. More than half of all non-elderly Americans still get insurance through work, and premiums on employer-based plans are actually growing more slowly than average. (About a third of Americans are either on Medicare or Medicaid, and the rest are uninsured. Only about 4 percent are on the exchanges.) Continue Reading CBS Stephen Colbert Finds Refuge in Punditry Megan Garber The comedian has long chafed against the bipartisan mandates of network TV. Now he’s taking sides. On Monday evening, Stephen Colbert, television host and comedian, engaged in some light explanation of the political and cultural significance of the alt-right movement in the United States. Colbert, in the opening monologue of the Late Show, summarized for his audience the meaning of Steve Bannon, Trump’s newly appointed chief of White House strategy. “Bannon is considered a leader of what’s known as the alt-right,” Colbert said—“an extreme online movement with ties to white supremacy.” The comedian paused. “Here’s how to understand the alt-right: Think about what’s right, then think about the alternative to that.” Bannon, Colbert added, for more context, “is best known for running something called Breitbart News. If you’ve never read Breitbart, it’s the news your racist uncle gets sent to him by his racist uncle.” Continue Reading Mark Makela / Reuters Liberals Have a Choice: Reach Out to Trump Voters, or Condemn Them Emma Green If progressives want to win back political influence in America, they may need the support of the people they see as racists. PHILADELPHIA—They marched defiantly down John F. Kennedy Boulevard, carrying signs that said “White violence is silence!” and “Dykes against the Klan!” They were young, mostly female, some with blue and shock-blonde hair shaved up the sides. They were black women, brown women, gay women, trans women. They were there to protest the election. They were self-described feminists, fighting back. As Washington slowly hobbles back toward normal, with talk of transition teams and cabinet appointments and the first 100 days, progressives are still reeling. Late last week, several hundred people gathered for multiple rallies in Philadelphia, but this hasn’t just been happening in Pennsylvania. Thousands of protesters outside Trump Tower in New York. Students walking out of class in Oakland. People occupying New York Senator Chuck Schumer’s office in D.C. This is not just “small groups of protesters” coming together, as Donald Trump put it last week. Continue Reading Jason Reed / Reuters ‘The Smell of Corruption Emanating From the Clinton Machine’ Chris Bodenner None So far we’ve heard from two Trump voters in great detail: Alan, who’s most animated by identity politics, and our Southern reader who wants to take a “wrecking ball” to Washington. But both readers also had major qualms with the Trump candidacy. Another reluctant Trump voter, Marco, describes his deep aversion to establishmentarianism and dynastic politics—and doesn’t spare the Republicans one bit: We shouldn’t be asking what happened with Trump. What happened to The Atlantic? I’ve been a reader for years, after abandoning Time and Newsweek because of their People-like superficiality. The appearance of considered thoughts at The Atlantic is what kept me there. But since you decided to take sides in the presidential election, strident hysterical writing is all I find, especially on November 9. That’s perhaps understandable The Day After, but, folks, the sky won’t fall. It won’t fall because the U.S. government’s institutions are designed to prevent irrational outcomes to a good degree. Trust the system a little, if you learned anything from history. I probably do not feel the pain to the same degree as you do, though I am concerned, and on pins and needles. I admit it: I voted for Trump—at the limit of my tolerance for bad taste and unhinged statements. But I did so not because I am an undereducated, violent, intolerant, gun-waving xenophobe—as the press has made habit of defining Trump supporters. I have an MBA. I refuse violence and support gun control. And I’m an immigrant, now a citizen after obtaining green cards twice, all by the legal process. I voted for Trump only because of the smell of corruption emanating from the Clinton Machine. That smell is well documented by Wikileaks and Podesta’s emails depicting the Clinton Foundation / State Department connections. To that you can add the past four decades of continuous scandals—why only them with so many? You get my picture. But there is one more reason to fear their corruption: the history of ALL countries around the world, since WWII, where an immediate relative followed a president or PM (see my list below). In all cases, either the “succession” was made possible by endemic corruption, or advanced it as a result, or both. This is to be expected when the vested interests supporting one person get to take advantage of continued control of the government from behind the scenes by electing the relative. Continue Reading NASA The Prospect of a New Dark Age Ross Andersen How President-elect Trump could affect our ability to understand our changing planet Last Thursday, there was a moment when it was possible to hope that Donald Trump’s presidency wouldn't be as ecologically catastrophic as many feared. As with so many matters of serious policy, Trump’s approach to the environment is difficult to predict, given the paucity of detailed plans he has released, and his tendency to switch positions on a whim. And so, when several of his more extreme campaign promises vanished from his official website, including his vow to withdraw the United States from the Paris Agreement on climate change, I wondered if he’d reconsidered. Perhaps he decided to heed President Obama’s advice. Perhaps he was swayed by China’s grumbling. Or perhaps, the collected works of an entire generation of climate scientists finally persuaded him that it would be foolish to abandon a collective pledge, negotiated by all of Earth’s nations, to reduce greenhouse-gas emissions. Continue Reading The Voorhes How Casinos Enable Gambling Addicts John Rosengren Modern slot machines develop an unbreakable hold on many players—some of whom wind up losing their jobs, their families, and even, as in the case of Scott Stevens, their lives. On the morning of Monday, August 13, 2012, Scott Stevens loaded a brown hunting bag into his Jeep Grand Cherokee, then went to the master bedroom, where he hugged Stacy, his wife of 23 years. “I love you,” he told her. Stacy thought that her husband was off to a job interview followed by an appointment with his therapist. Instead, he drove the 22 miles from their home in Steubenville, Ohio, to the Mountaineer Casino, just outside New Cumberland, West Virginia. He used the casino ATM to check his bank-account balance: $13,400. He walked across the casino floor to his favorite slot machine in the high-limit area: Triple Stars, a three-reel game that cost $10 a spin. Maybe this time it would pay out enough to save him. Continue Reading Paul Kane / Getty Supermoon 2016 Alan Taylor Look up in the sky tonight for a remarkable perigee-syzygy of the Earth-Moon-Sun system. Last night, and later tonight, skywatchers around the world will be treated to views of this year's so-called "supermoon," the largest full moon of the year. Today, on November 14, at 6:20 am Eastern time, the moon approached within 356,500 km (221,500 mi) of Earth, in what is scientifically known as a perigee-syzygy of the Earth-Moon-Sun system (perigee: closest point of an elliptical orbit; syzygy: straight line made of three bodies in a gravitational system). Though the moon does appear larger than normal, the size difference is so small that a casual observer would probably never notice. Nonetheless, photographers across the globe set out to capture the event, and collected here are 21 of the most super images of this year's supermoon. If your skies are clear, be sure to look up around moonrise tonight. Continue Reading Molly Riley / AP Trump Tries to Bend Republicans on Infrastructure Russell Berman Whether the president-elect gets his way on money for roads and bridges will say a lot about who runs Washington in 2017. During his victory speech last week, President-elect Donald Trump devoted more than a single sentence to just one piece of policy. It wasn’t a border wall or immigration, nor trade, nor even Obamacare. Instead, the very first specific promise Trump made upon claiming the presidency was to follow through on the one issue that united him and Hillary Clinton—and divided Republicans in Washington: infrastructure. “We are going to fix our inner cities and rebuild our highways, bridges, tunnels, airports, schools, hospitals,” the president-elected pledged. “We’re going to rebuild our infrastructure, which will become, by the way, second to none. And we will put millions of our people to work as we rebuild it.” Continue Reading We're Probably Imagining Aliens Wrong Nadine Ajaka Why haven’t we found extraterrestrial life? It might be because we think it looks like human life. Watch Video Why Men Fear a Female President Tynesha Foreman Hillary Clinton’s candidacy has catalyzed a level of intense misogyny that probably won’t go away. Watch Video We've Reached the End of White Christian America Daniel Lombroso and Caitlin Cadieux The decline of a once-powerful majority is going to have profound implications. Watch Video More Popular Stories Show Comments Subscribe Get 10 issues a year and save 65% off the cover price. State Alabama Alaska Alberta American Samoa APO/FPO-Africa APO/FPO-Canada APO/FPO-Europe APO/FPO-Middle East APO/FPO-Americas APO/FPO-Pacific Arizona Arkansas British Columbia California Colorado Connecticut Delaware District of Columbia Florida Georgia Guam Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Manitoba Marshall Islands Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Micronesia Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Brunswick New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York Newfoundland Newfoundland-Labrador North Carolina North Dakota Northern Mariana Isles Northwest Territories Nova Scotia Nunavut Ohio Oklahoma Ontario Oregon Palau Pennsylvania Prince Edward Island Puerto Rico Quebec Quebec Rhode Island Saskatchewan South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virgin Islands Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming Yukon Territories Fraud Alert regarding The Atlantic Newsletters+ The Atlantic The Atlantic Daily This Week This Month New Photo Galleries Top Videos This Week Politics & Policy Daily CityLab Today’s Top Stories This Week's Most Popular Stories I want to receive updates from partners and sponsors. Follow+ Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest RSS App Store About+ Masthead FAQ Press Jobs Shop Books Emporium Contact Us Privacy Policy Advertise Advertising Guidelines Terms and Conditions Manage Subscription Responsible Disclosure Site Map Copyright © 2016 by The Atlantic Monthly Group. All Rights Reserved. Close Skip to article in Skip Ad >
Oneindia Classifieds Coupons Education News Movies Buy Insurance Auto Cricket Gadgets Lifestyle Money Travel Menu Home Mobiles Reviews Gadgets Features Top 10 Mobiles How to Gadget Finder Menu Tip Us!FacebookTwittergplusYoutube News Mobile Tablet Laptop Computer Gear Gadgets Reviews Features How To Gadget Finder Photos Videos English हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు Home  |  Apps  |  Features  | How to Search for GIFs Within WhatsApp on Your Apple iPhone How to Search for GIFs Within WhatsApp on Your Apple iPhone Apple iPhone users can now share GIFs from within the WhatsApp app without the need of searching for them elsewhere. By: Prajith Sabbani Updated: Thursday, November 10, 2016, 11:03 [IST] Facebook-owned WhatsApp has recently rolled out an update for the iOS app bumping its version number to v2.16.16. The update brings along a few subtle changes to the app. For instance, the position of profile picture is relocated to the center from the extreme right. Also, the app looks more clean and intuitive now. SEE ALSO: 5 Things to Know about Apple's AR Maps patent That said, these are not the features you should be excited for. The WhatsApp for iOS finally allows you to send GIFs from your Apple iPhone and the best part is that you don't have to look for them separately on other websites. Meaning, you can search and share GIFs from within the app itself. SEE ALSO: 5 Major Attractions of BSNL 'Experience LL-49' Landline Plan And here's exactly how you can do that. Stay tuned to GizBot for more updates! Step 1: Update the App to its latest version In order to share GIFs from within the app, you'll have to first update the app to its latest version. Step 2: Start a conversation Once the update is installed, open the app and start a conversation like you'd do otherwise. Then when you need a GIF to do the talking instead of words, hit the ‘+' button located at the bottom-left corner of the screen. Click Here for New Tablets Best Online Deals Step 3: Select Photo and Video Library from the options On clicking the ‘+' button, you'll see multiple options on the screen, click on "Photo and Video Library." Step 4: Click on GIF Now, click on the GIF (with a search icon before it) and feed in the type of GIF you want to share with your friend. Step 5: Customise the GIF and share it WhatsApp also allows you to customise the GIF. What this essentially means is that you can scribble on it, add emojis, and include text on the GIF as well before sharing it with your friends. Click Here for New Smartphones Best Online Deals Stay tuned to GizBot for more updates! Apple iPhone 8 Apple iPhone 7 Specifications Photos Videos News Specifications Photos Videos News Apple Iphone 7 32gb 57,899 Gallery   |   11 Photos Apple iPhone 7 +See All Read More About whatsapp | apps | news | mobiles | features | apple | iOS | iPhone | how to | tips and tricks Story first published: Thursday, November 10, 2016, 10:52 [IST] Other articles published on Nov 10, 2016 Please Wait while comments are loading... Wearable device can reduce fat, treat type 2 diabetes Bingo Technologies Unveils VR Glass G-200 with Wi-Fi and 3D at Rs. 5,999 Reliance Jio To Launch Cheapest 4G Smartphones Priced Around Rs. 1,000 in 2017 Featured Posts RECOMMENDEDEDITOR'S PICK Google wants Indian youth to be 'good digital citizens' LeEco Appoints Anthony Gao as APAC President Apple Adds Panic Button Exclusively for Indian iPhone Users WhatsApp Video Calling is Optimized to Support Connectivity Issues Facebook, Twitter and Google Aim to Restrict The Spread of Fake News Paytm vs MobiKwik: Find Out Which Offers the Lowest Bank Transfer Fee WhatsApp Launches Video Calling Feature to All Users Have No Cash? This is How FreeCharge Aims to Promote Cashless Payments Vivo V5 vs Oppo F1s: Battle of Selfie-Centric Smartphones RComm To Become India's Fourth Biggest Network Opinion Poll 34,688 Followers 13,012 Followers 1,41,901 Followers 7,506 Followers latest mobiles And Tablets Videocon Delite 21 Vivo V5 Plus Vivo V5 ZTE BV0800 Gionee S9 Intex Aqua Power M Celkon Trendz Asus Zenfone Go 5.5 ZB551KL Micromax Canvas Tab P290 iBall Slide Brace X1 4G iBall Slide Brace X1 Mini iBall Slide Brace X1 Asus Zenpad C 7.0 Z170CG Acer Iconia One 7 B1 740 Swipe Slate 8 iBall Slide DD-1GB popular mobile And Tablet Samsung Galaxy S7 Xiaomi Redmi 3S Prime Samsung Galaxy Note 7 LeEco Le 2 Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Lenovo Vibe K5 Note Samsung Galaxy J7 (2016) Samsung Galaxy A7 (2016) BlackBerry PlayBook (32GB) Apple iPad 2 Wi-Fi 16GB Sony Xperia Tablet Z LTE Samsung P1000 Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 10.1 P5100 Samsung Google Nexus 10 P8110 (16GB) Apple iPad mini Wi-Fi + Cellular 16GB BlackBerry PlayBook (16GB) X SUBSCRIBE GIZBOT NEWSLETTER Get Latest Technology News From India And Around The World Into Your Inbox Do not Disturb Browse by Category | News | Gadget Finder | Videos | Photos | Features | How To | Mobile | Tablet | Computer | Laptop | Gear | Gadgets Social Followers 34,688 Followers 13,012 Followers 1,41,901 Followers 7,506 Followers Sign Up Newsletter Sign up for our daily Newsletter Latest in Mobiles Lenovo Phab 2 PlusAsus ZenFone 3 Max ZC520TLIntex Aqua Power MMicromax X940Videocon Graphite2 V45GDSamsung Galaxy On NxtLYF F1 PlusIntex Aqua Pro 4GVideocon Krypton2 V50GIInFocus F130InFocus F115Swipe Elite 2 PlusZTE Nubia Z11 MiniInFocus EPIC 1Intex Cloud Scan FP Apps | RSS Feeds | Facebook | Twitter | Google Plus | Newsletters | Media | Sitemap | Feedback | Advertise with us | Careers | About Us | Contact Us © 2016 Greynium Information Technologies Pvt. Ltd.| Terms of Service and Privacy Policy
Tech News Home > Tech > Tech News < Back to SMG 45 Thursday, 10 November 2016 | MYT 11:51 AM Ireland launches appeal against EU Apple tax ruling Fighting back: Ireland’s appeal comes after the Commission’s ruling in August that Apple must pay €13bil (RM60.48bil) in back-taxes, arguing Ireland broke EU state aid rules. — Reuters DUBLIN: Ireland lodged a formal appeal on Nov 9 against a European Commission ruling ordering the country to collect billions of euros in unpaid taxes from tech giant Apple.  ”Our application has now been lodged in the General Court of the European Union,” a finance ministry spokesman said in a statement, confirming the move mooted in Brussels on Tuesday by Finance Minister Michael Noonan.  ”The government disagrees profoundly with the commission’s analysis in the Apple state aid case, and our position on all aspects of the case is very well known,” the spokesman added.  Ireland’s appeal comes after the Commission’s ruling in August that Apple must pay €13bil (RM60.48bil) in back-taxes, arguing Ireland broke EU state aid rules.   The EU’s competition commissioner, Margrethe Vestager, said the deal Ireland offered Apple allowed the US tech firm to pay a corporate tax rate of 1% on its European profits in 2003 down to 0.005% in 2014.  Immediately after the Commission ruling the Irish government said it would appeal the decision, on the basis that Apple had paid its taxes to the Irish state in full.   Dublin also cited the potential impact retrospective penalties could have on its future ability to attract foreign direct investment.   Speaking in Brussels on Nov 8, Noonan said Ireland’s reputation had been damaged unfairly by the commission’s stance.   ”We don’t believe that Apple owed this money in Ireland at all,” he said.   ”We share the OECD view that whatever they owe they owe to the United States and they paid everything that was due to be paid in Ireland,” he said during an address to the Economic and Monetary Affairs Committee in the European Parliament.  Noonan added that Apple is the biggest corporate taxpayer in Ireland on profits generated in the country, where the multinational employs 6,000 people in its Cork city campus. — AFP You May Be Interested Closure of 106 bank branches due to rationalisation plans, says Deputy Finance Minister Weak ringgit to impact 5 sectors Best smartphones for the holidays Alibaba's founder to support 'mini Jack Ma' until university graduation Private-public partnerships in a connected world Rejuvenate yourself with American ginseng Others Also Read Footwear icon Jimmy Choo all for dimsum.my Beneath the surface of Uganda's 'exemplary' refugee settlement, tensions simmer MRT fare starts at RM1 advertisement Latest News Lenovo unveils the IdeaCentre Y710 Cube gaming PC Facebook lets Messenger 'bots' tap analytic smarts Xiaomi opens its Mi Store on Lazada Western Digital redesigns its external drives WhatsApp adds secure video calling Most Viewed in Tech Best smartphones for the holidays Sex hook-up websites' login credentials hacked Apple stock extends losses after China warning about Trump WhatsApp adds secure video calling Xiaomi opens its Mi Store on Lazada Lenovo unveils the IdeaCentre Y710 Cube gaming PC Twitter gets new 'Sun and Moon' Pokemon stickers Snowden warns of increase in US domestic spying after Trump victory Nintendo Wii at 10: the iconic games Western Digital redesigns its external drives Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online   Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
null
null
The Indian Express Nation World Opinion Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos E-Paper Apps RSS Home Compare News Mobile & Tabs Gadgets Science Indian Express Home Home Technology Mobile & Tabs Apple begins selling refurbished iPhones on US online store Apple begins selling refurbished iPhones on US online store Refurbished Apple iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus in 16GB, 64GB variants are now available for purchase on the online store. By: Tech Desk | Published:November 10, 2016 11:07 am Apple has started selling refurbished iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s PLus on its online website in the US. Apple has officially started selling its refurbished iPhones in the US online store. According to a report on 9to5Mac, the refurbished Apple iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus in 16GB, 64GB variants are now available for purchase on the online store. These phones are carrier unlocked, and the refurbished version of the iPhone 6s Plus 64GB in Rose Gold is priced at $589.00. The 16GB version of the iPhone 6s Plus in Silver colour is priced at $529.00 with $100 off. The iPhone 6s 16GB is priced at $449 with a discount of $80, and there’s no 64GB version for the smaller iPhone on the Apple website. According to Apple’s refurbished store website, the iPhones come with a one year warranty. Apple says it tests and certifies all of these refurbished products. These phones also include a brand new battery and outer shell. According to the website, supply for these phones is limited. Apple has been selling refurbished MacBooks, iMacs, iPads, etc on its online store for sometime now in the US, and the iPhones are the latest to join the list. In India too, Apple has applied for government’s approval to import and sell its certified pre-owned iPhones. Apple in its application to the Indian government said it plans to manufacture and sell these certified pre-owned iPhones in India. Also read: Here’s how Apple certified pre-owned iPhones are different from refurbished devices According to Apple, these certified pre-owned iPhones are manufactured afresh and have to pass through the same tests and processes as a new phone. For Apple, all refurbished phones comes have the same one year warranty as new iPhones, and go through the same government certifications as a new iPhone does. Apple iPhone 6s series was launched in September 2015, and comes with the A9 processor, a 12MP rear camera, 5MP front camera, and 3D Touch on the display. With the iPhone 7, Apple has upgraded the camera, battery and processor and included water and dust resistance. In case of the iPhone 7 Plus, there’s also a new dual camera setup with a Portrait mode for Bokeh style photos. Apple’s new iPhone 7 series starts at Rs 60,000 in India, although older models of the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6s are now available at discounts on online websites. © The Indian Express Online Media Pvt Ltd Tags: Apple Express TechIE Samsung Galaxy S7 Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Gionee S6 Xiaomi Mi 5 Best of Express 26/11 Stories of Strength presented by The Indian Express, Facebook & Instagram IndiaKejriwal in Delhi Assembly: When PM Modi was Gujarat CM, he took bribe from Aditya Birla group IndiaBanks may hire retired staff to deal with cash rush: Finance Ministry IndiaDemonetisation: This move will turn out to be a big scam, says Rahul Gandhi IndiaGovt decides to declare Zakir Naik's NGO as outlawed body for 5 years IndiaPM Narendra Modi urges all parties to support demonetisation in Winter Session EntertainmentDear Zindagi Take 4: Shah Rukh Khan tells Alia Bhatt why we can't love freely and makes a lot of sense, watch video EntertainmentOh Oh Jane Janaaa singer Kamaal Khan resurfaces on Salman Khan's Twitter, see pics EntertainmentJagga Jasoos: Ranbir Kapoor looks like school's most naughty kid in latest still, see pics EntertainmentSkin show is not necessarily sexy, says Alia Bhatt. See pics Must Read SportsWant Rahul in XI...that's why he's picked: Anil Kumble SportsKL Rahul's century coincides with Test recall SportsFollowed Ojha closely, learnt from Kartik: Ansari TechnologyWhatsApp video calling: Google Duo, Skype, Viber, etc that also offer the same TechnologyOnePlus 3T launch: Snapdragon 821 to extra RAM, here's what is known TechnologyIn a first, smartphone shipments in India cross 30 mn in a quarter: IDC  Deepika Padukone, Priyanka Chopra, Lisa Haydon: The rise of the thigh-high slit gowns Nov 15: Latest News All Hail the Dragon, Jackie Chan Brighten your winter: Paint your pout crimson, oxblood or mocha this cold season Ukrainian biathlete given 1-year doping ban for meldonium Demonetisation was PM Modi’s ‘knee-jerk reaction’ under pressure: Rahul Gandhi Barack Obama warns against ‘crude’ nationalism in wake of Donald Trump’s victory                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2016 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Weather Your 4-day local weather forecast Wednesday November 16, 2016 News Business Larger / SmallerNight Mode 'Boycott Apple': Three ways Trump's win can affect the world's biggest company Kif Leswing 10 Nov 2016, 2:18 p.m. Silicon Valley figures are already freaking out, but there's one company in particular that soon might find itself in President Trump's crosshairs. Republican Donald Trump is now the president-elect in what's being called the biggest upset in American political history. Silicon Valley figures are already freaking out, but there's one company in particular that soon might find itself in President Trump's crosshairs. Apple, the world's most valuable company by market cap, was mentioned specifically by Trump several times during his campaign. And Apple CEO Tim Cook actively campaigned for Hillary Clinton, hosting a fundraiser earlier this year and apparently holding a private meeting with her campaign chairman, John Podesta, in 2015. pic.twitter.com/hrCAaTz96Y— JoshuaCohen (@jcohen570) August 25, 2016 Institutions around the world are holding emergency meetings to discuss the ramifications of a Trump presidency. Here's what Cook and his executive team are most likely discussing now: Tax repatriation Tax is a critical issue for Apple, and tax reform is the No. 1 issue the company lobbies for in Washington. It's here that Trump's stated policies might end up working out in Apple's favour. Apple has about $US200 billion in cash and marketable securities stashed overseas, and it would have to pay 35 per cent in American taxes to bring it back to the US. Trump has proposed slashing the tax rate on income held overseas to 10 per cent, most notably during a speech at the Economic Club of New York in September. "This wealth that's parked overseas, nobody knows how much it is, some say it's $US2.5 trillion — I have people that think it's $US5 trillion," Trump said. "We'll bring it back, and it will be taxed only at the rate of 10 per cent instead of 35 per cent. And who would bring it back at 35 per cent? Obviously nobody, because nobody's doing it." The largest beneficiaries of the move would be the big American technology groups," the Financial Times reported on Wednesday. "Honestly, I believe the legislature and the administration will agree that it's in the best interest of the country and the economy to have tax reform," Tim Cook said in an interview with The Washington Post earlier this year. "And when we bring it back, we will pay 35 per cent federal tax and then a weighted average across the states that we're in, which is about 5 per cent, so think of it as 40 per cent. We've said at 40 per cent, we're not going to bring it back until there's a fair rate." Moody's says US companies outside the financial sector hold $US1.2 trillion overseas. Apple is the largest hoarder. There is also the possibility that a Trump administration might retaliate against the European Commission, which earlier this year ordered Apple to pay at least $US14.5 billion in taxes. Ireland is appealing the decision. Apple did not respond to a request for comment.  American manufacturing Throughout his campaign, Trump repeatedly called for Apple to build its iPhones in the US. Today, iPhones are assembled in China from mostly Asian components. "I'm going to bring jobs back," Trump said in March. "I'm going to get Apple to start making their computers and their iPhones on our land, not in China. How does it help us when they make it in China?" Trump is not the only president or president-elect to challenge Apple to produce a made-in-USA iPhone. President Barack Obama asked former Apple CEO Steve Jobs about the topic in 2011. It turns out that such a move would be unlikely for a variety of reasons: Logistical challenges because many of Apple's parts makers are in Asia. A lack of manufacturing skills in the US. Significantly lower overall costs in China. Some estimates find that American assembly could add over $US50 to the cost of making an iPhone, which would make the device significantly less competitive in the global market. Still, there are ways Trump could encourage Apple to build phones in the US. He once called for a 45 per cent tariff on Chinese imports, which would reshape the American economy in unprecedented ways. Encryption and privacy Trump called for a boycott of all Apple products over the company's stance on encryption and so-called backdoors that became a hot-button issue earlier this year when the FBI asked the company to break into an iPhone used by one of the attackers in the San Bernardino, California, mass shooting. Boycott all Apple products until such time as Apple gives cellphone info to authorities regarding radical Islamic terrorist couple from Cal— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 19, 2016 "Apple ought to give the security for that phone, OK?" Trump said at a rally in February. "What I think you ought to do is boycott Apple until such time as they give that security number. How do you like that? I just thought of it. Boycott Apple!" "I use both iPhone & Samsung," Trump tweeted earlier this year. "If Apple doesn't give info to authorities on the terrorists I'll only be using Samsung until they give info." (Trump has been paid to speak at Samsung corporate events.) I use both iPhone & Samsung. If Apple doesn't give info to authorities on the terrorists I'll only be using Samsung until they give info.— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 19, 2016 Though the issue over the San Bernardino iPhone has been resolved, and Apple was not forced to create a work-around to crack passcodes on the iPhone, encryption remains a controversial topic, and the issue could come up again the next time law-enforcement officials seek to recover information from a password-protected iPhone. It's also worth noting that James Comey, the FBI director, who led the bureau's battle against Apple, made a surprise announcement 11 days before the election that the bureau was renewing its investigation into Hillary Clinton's private email server. Though Comey and the FBI are nominally nonpartisan, the Obama administration believes his actions may have helped Trump win the presidency, and Comey is likely to continue serving his 10-year term under a Trump administration. Trump could well encourage Comey to bring the encryption fight back to Apple, and the FBI could once again seek a way to break through the iPhone's security. This story first appeared in Business Insider. Read it here or follow BusinessInsider Australia on Facebook. The story 'Boycott Apple': Three ways Trump's win can affect the world's biggest company first appeared on The Sydney Morning Herald. Latest News Trump's trade policy is dangerous, says Reserve Bank governor Philip Lowe Donald Trump presidency should force rethink of US alliance, says ALP's Penny Wong ATAR charade: Universities will be forced to increase transparency on admissions Defence Department bosses lying on pay and conditions, say public servants Coalition faces industrial relations revolt from its own staffers over public sector stance Editor's Picks Popular Multimedia +more multimedia stories Photos Video Interactive Nomads, Finks associates arrested in Hunter raids | photos, videos Two guns were also seized at a Hunter property. Perfect purple as jacarandas bloom across the Hunter | Photos Send in your photographs of the jacaranda trees in bloom. Traction for koala care PORT Stephens Koalas has secured funds for a four-wheel-drive. Second Test: Australia capitulates The Australian cricket team meekly surrendered the series to South Africa on Tuesday. Contact Us About Us Advertising Privacy Policy Conditions of Use Copyright © 2016. Fairfax Media. Fairfax Media Front Page News Loading... Sport Loading... Opinion Loading... Community Loading... Life & Style Loading... Entertainment Loading... Classifieds Loading... Multimedia Loading... Front Page News Local News Latest News National World Business Politics Regional Focus Sport Local Sport NRL AFL Tournament NRL Tournament Opinion Letters Polls Community Events Photo Sales Annual Business Awards Annual Business Awards - Vote here Competitions Search Local Products & Services Myall Coast Nota News Local Business Feature Life & Style Education Food & Wine Health Home & Garden Money Parenting Pets & Animals Relationships Technology Travel Entertainment Books Celebrity Games Sudoku TV & Movies TV Guide Classifieds Real Estate Jobs Cars Notices Place your own classified Ag and Rural Multimedia Photos Video Interactive Search NewsBusiness Smartphone Tablet - Narrow Tablet - Wide Desktop
PhoneDog Android And Me TmoNews NEW Official Smartphone Rankings, Vote NOW! TodaysiPhone.com The source for news, reviews, and articles surrounding Apple. Navigation Home News / Articles App Reviews Accessory Reviews Podcast TiP Us Join the TiP team HOT TOPICS: iPhone 7 macOS Sierra iOS 10 watchOS 3 Apple Music You are here: Home > Apple showcases new Beats Solo3 and Pill+ color variant for World AIDS Day Apple showcases new Beats Solo3 and Pill+ color variant for World AIDS Day November 9, 2016 Christine Torralba Leave a comment For years, Apple has been showing its support to World AIDS Day by turning its logo red and coming up with a device model bearing the iconic color. True to its nature, the company has unveiled a new (PRODUCT)RED color variant for its Beats Solo3 headphones and Beats Pill+ speakers. Apple is calling this red color variant as “Citrus Red.” The new color variant is not yet available but has already been listed on Apple’s website as “coming soon.” These new products enlisted under Apple’s website with a price range similar to that of the normal color variants: Beats Pill+ in Citrus Red is priced at $229.95, while the Solo3 headphones (RED) variant is priced at $299.95. When Apple first partnered with the charity group, they offered iPods with a bright red color option. The company decided to help the charity by raising awareness and funds so that HIV/AIDS may be eliminated throughout the world. And ever since then, Apple has dedicated to providing a portion of the proceeds from sales of these devices to the global fund intended to fight the disease. There was also a time when Apple donated a portion of the total product sales they accumulated from both Black Friday and Cyber Monday. As of this writing, Apple has donated over $100 million to the Global Fund; which has already raised $320 million. World AIDS Day 2016 will be observed on Thursday, December 1st. Tags: Apple, Beats Pill+, Beats Solo3, ProductRed, World AIDS Day 2016 About Christine Torralba View all posts by Christine Torralba → ← Apple Pay on the web now the 5th most popular online payment platform After Trump was elected president, Tim Cook sends out memo to all employees → Select a phone: (optional) + - Any - 3G|4G U301 USB Modem Acer Aspire One Netbook Acer Liquid M220 Airave 2.5 Plus Alcatel 510A Alcatel 768 Alcatel 871A GoPhone Alcatel A392G Alcatel Fling Alcatel One Touch 991 Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel OneTouch Conquest Alcatel OneTouch Elevate Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fierce Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (4.7") Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (5.5") Alcatel OneTouch Pop 7 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon Alcatel OneTouch Pop Mega Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star LTE Alcatel OneTouch Retro ALCATEL OneTouch Sonic LTE Alcatel Pop C9 Alcatel Pop D3 Alcatel Venture Amazon Fire Phone Anna Sui Mobile by Samsung Apple iPad 2 16GB Apple iPad 2 32GB Apple iPad 2 64GB Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad Mini 3 Apple iPad mini 4 Apple iPad mini with Retina Display Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad with Retina Display Apple iPhone 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 8 GB Apple iPhone 3G S 32 GB Apple iPhone 3GS Apple iPhone 4 Apple iPhone 4S Apple iPhone 5 Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6s Plus ASUS MeMO Pad 7 LTE ASUS MeMO Pad FHD 10 LTE ASUS PadFone X mini ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenWatch 2 AT&T Avail 2 AT&T F160 AT&T Impulse 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot Elevate 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot MiFi 2372 AT&T Quickfire AT&T Radiant GoPhone AT&T Unite AT&T Unite Pro AT&T USBConnect 900 AT&T USBConnect Adrenaline AT&T USBConnect Force 4G AT&T USBConnect Mercury AT&T USBConnect Momentum 4G AT&T USBConnect Shockwave AT&T USBConnect Turbo AT&T USBConnect Velocity AT&T Z222 GoPhone AT&T Z331 AT&T Z998 GoPhone Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox PC5740 EVDO PC Card Audiovox VI600 Audiovox XV6600 Betsey Johnson Mobile by Samsung Big Button Flip Alcatel A392G BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7290 BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8820 BlackBerry Bold BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9700 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Bold 9900 BlackBerry Bold 9930 BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Curve 3G BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Curve 8320 BlackBerry Curve 8330 BlackBerry Curve 8350i BlackBerry Curve 8520 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8900 BlackBerry Curve 9310 BlackBerry Curve 9315 BlackBerry Curve 9330 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9370 BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Pearl BlackBerry Pearl 3G BlackBerry Pearl 8110 BlackBerry Pearl 8120 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8230 BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Storm BlackBerry Storm2 BlackBerry Style BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9850 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Tour BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Z30 Blackphone 2 BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Life View BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0C BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio Selfie LTE Boost MAX by ZTE Boost Warp 4G by ZTE Brigadier by Kyocera Casio EXILIM Casio G'zOne Boulder CASIO G'zONE Ravine 2 (Non-Camera) Casio GzOne Brigade Casio GzOne Commando Casio GzOne Ravine Casio GzOne Ravine 2 Casio GzOne Rock CAT B15Q CAT S40 Compaq Mini 110c-1048NR Coolpad Arise Coolpad Flo Coolpad Quattro 4G Dell Inspiron 14z Laptop Dell Inspiron Mini 10 with T-Mobile webConnect Dell Inspiron Mini 1012 Dell Streak 7 Diane Von Furstenberg Mobile by Samsung DROID 2 by Motorola DROID 2 Global by Motorola DROID 3 by Motorola DROID 4 by Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G by Motorola DROID by Motorola DROID CHARGE by Samsung Droid DNA by HTC DROID ERIS by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 by HTC DROID Incredible 4G LTE by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE by HTC DROID Pro by Motorola DROID R2 D2 by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola 16GB DROID RAZR HD by Motorola DROID RAZR M by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola DROID Turbo DROID X by Motorola DROID X2 by Motorola Enact by LG Ericsson c905a Ericsson Equinox Ericsson TM506 Ericsson Vivaz Ericsson W350 Ericsson W518a Ericsson w760a Ericsson Z750a Firefly Fivespot Global Ready Franklin Wireless U680 USB Galaxy Nexus by Samsung Garmin Garminfone Garmin nuvifone G60 Gateway LT2016u Netbook Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 5 Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 9 Google Pixel C HP iPAQ Glisten HP Mini 110 Netbook HP Mini 110-1050NR HP Mini 1151NR Netbook HP Mini 210-1076NR Netbook HP Mini 311-1037NR Netbook HP Veer 4G HTC 8XT HTC Amaze HTC Aria HTC Arrive HTC Desire HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 526 HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 612 HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 626s HTC Desire 816 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire EYE HTC Droid DNA HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 4G HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO Design 4G HTC EVO Shift 4G HTC EVO View 4G HTC First HTC Freestyle HTC FUZE HTC HD 7 HTC HD2 HTC HD7S HTC Hero HTC Imagio HTC Inspire 4G HTC Jetstream HTC Merge HTC Mogul Pocket PC 6800 HTC One HTC One (E8) HTC One (M8) HTC One (M8) For Windows HTC One A9 HTC One M9 HTC One Max HTC One mini HTC One remix HTC One S HTC One SV HTC One V HTC One X HTC One X+ HTC Ozone HTC PPC6800 HTC Pure HTC Radar HTC Rezound HTC Rhyme HTC S621 Excalibur HTC S630 Cavalier HTC Sensation HTC Snap HTC Status HTC Surround HTC Thunderbolt HTC Tilt 2 HTC Titan HTC Titan II HTC Touch HTC Touch Diamond HTC Touch Pro HTC Touch Pro 2 HTC Trophy HTC Vivid HTC Wildfire S Huawei Activa 4G Huawei Ascend HUAWEI Ascend II Huawei Ascend Mate 2 Huawei Ascend Plus Huawei Ascend W1 Huawei Ascend Y Huawei EC168 Huawei Glory Huawei H210C Huawei H215G Huawei H866C Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Inspira Huawei M735 Huawei M835 Huawei Mate S Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei P8 lite Huawei Pal Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Premia 4G Huawei SnapTo Huawei Summit Huawei U8651T Prism Huawei Union Huawei Valiant Huawei Verge Huawei Vitria Huawei Watch Jolla Tablet KIN One KIN Two Kyocera 126C Kyocera 323 Kyocera Brigadier Kyocera Brio Kyocera Coast Kyocera Contact Kyocera DuraCore Kyocera DuraForce Kyocera DuraMax Kyocera DuraPlus Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraXT Kyocera DuraXV Kyocera E1000 Kyocera E1100 Neo Kyocera E2000 Kyocera Echo Kyocera Event Kyocera Hydro Kyocera Hydro Edge Kyocera Hydro Elite Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Vibe Kyocera Hydro Wave Kyocera Hydro XTRM Kyocera K132 Kyocera Kona Kyocera Loft Kyocera Milano Kyocera Presto Kyocera Rise Kyocera SE47 Slider Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torque Kyocera TorqueXT Kyocera Verve LG 221C LG 101 LG 1500 LG 220C LG 231C LG 235C LG 236C LG 320G LG 400G LG 450 LG 500G LG 505C LG 511C LG 600G LG 620G LG 800G LG 900G LG A340 LG A380 LG Access LTE LG Accolade LG Ally LG Arena LG Aspire LG AX155 LG AX300 LG AX310 LG AX565 LG AX8600 LG Banter LG Beacon LG CF360 LG Chocolate 3 LG Chocolate Touch LG Chocolate VX8550 LG Chocolate White LG Clout LG Connect 4G LG Cosmos LG Cosmos 2 LG Cosmos 3 LG Cosmos Touch LG Dare LG Decoy LG dLite LG Doubleplay LG Enact LG Encore LG Enlighten LG enV Touch LG enV VX11000 LG enV VX9900 LG enV2 LG enV3 LG Escape LG Esteem LG Exalt LG eXpo LG Extravert LG Extravert 2 LG Fathom LG G Flex LG G Flex 2 LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad F7.0 LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G Vista 2 LG G2 LG G3 LG G3 Vigor LG G4 LG Glance LG Glimmer LG Google Nexus 4 LG GS170 LG GU295 LG INCITE LG Intuition LG Invision LG L35G SIM4 LG Lancet LG Leon LTE LG Lotus LG Lotus Elite LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 3 LG Lucky LG LX150 LG LX160 LG LX290 LG LX350 LG LX370 LG LX400 LG LX550 LG Mach LG Marquee LG Migo LG Motion 4G LG Muziq LX570 LG Neon LG Neon II LG Nexus 5X LG Nitro HD LG Octane LG Optimus Black LG Optimus Dynamic LG Optimus Dynamic II LG Optimus Elite LG Optimus Exceed LG Optimus Exceed 2 LG Optimus Extreme LG Optimus F3 LG Optimus F3Q LG Optimus F6 LG Optimus F7 LG Optimus Fuel LG Optimus G LG Optimus G Pro LG Optimus L70 LG Optimus L9 LG Optimus L90 LG Optimus Logic LG Optimus M LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus Net LG Optimus One P500 LG Optimus Q LG Optimus S LG Optimus SHOWTIME LG Optimus T LG Optimus Ultimate LG Optimus Zip LG Optimus Zone LG Optimus Zone 2 LG Phoenix LG PM-225 LG Prime LG Quantum LG Realm LG Remarq LG Revere LG Revere 2 LG Revere 3 LG Revolution LG Rhythm LG Rumor LG Rumor 2 LG Rumor Reflex LG Rumor Reflex S LG Rumor Touch LG Scoop LG Sentio LG Shine CU720 LG Shine II LG Spirit 4G LG Sunrise LG Swift LG Thrill LG Transpyre LG Tribute LG Tribute 2 LG Tritan LG Ultimate 2 LG UX145 LG UX260 LG UX280 LG UX300 LG UX380 LG UX565 LG UX830 LG V10 LG Venice LG Versa LG VI-125 LG VI-5225 LG Viper LG VL600 4G USB Modem LG Volt LG Volt 2 LG Vortex LG Vu CU915 LG Vu CU920 LG Vu Plus LG VX3100 LG VX3300 LG VX3400 LG VX3450 LG VX3450L LG VX4400 LG VX4500 LG VX5200 LG VX5400 LG VX5500 LG VX7000 LG VX8000 LG VX8300 LG VX8350 LG VX8360 LG VX8600 LG VX9800 LG Watch Urbane LG Xenon LG Xpression LG Xpression 2 LG100C LG200C LG225 LG300G LG400G LG501C LG620G LG900G Lucid 3 by LG Lucid by LG Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL MiFi 2200 Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot MiFi 500 LTE by Novatel Wireless Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm Moto 360 Sport Motorola 408 Motorola A1200 Ming Motorola A630 Motorola ACTV Motorola Admiral Motorola Adventure V750 Motorola Atrix 2 Motorola Atrix 4G Motorola Atrix HD Motorola Backflip Motorola Bali Motorola Barrage Motorola Bravo Motorola Brute i680 Motorola Brute i686 Motorola Buzz ic502 Motorola C139 Motorola C168i Motorola Charm Motorola Citrus Motorola CLIQ Motorola CLIQ 2 Motorola CLIQ XT Motorola Clutch i465 Motorola Clutch i475 Motorola Debut i856 Motorola Defy Motorola Defy XT Motorola Devour Motorola Droid Bionic Motorola DROID MAXX Motorola DROID Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Mini Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Droid XYBoard 10.1 Motorola Droid XYBoard 8.2 Motorola E815 Motorola EM326g Motorola EM330 Motorola Entice Motorola Evoke Motorola EX124G Motorola EX431G Motorola Flipout Motorola Flipside Motorola Gallo i296 Motorola Hint Motorola Hint QA30 Motorola i1 Motorola i412 Motorola i530b Motorola i530y Motorola i570 Motorola i576 Motorola i605 Motorola i710 Motorola i776 Motorola i830 Motorola i880 Motorola i886 Motorola i890 Motorola Karma QA1 Motorola Krave ZN4 Motorola KRZR K1 Motorola KRZR K1m Motorola L2 Motorola L6 Motorola Luge Motorola Moto E (1st Gen) Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2014) Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Style (Pure Edition) Motorola MOTORAZR maxx Ve Motorola MOTORAZR VE20 Motorola PEBL Motorola PHOTON 4G Motorola Photon Q Motorola Q9 Global Motorola Q9c Motorola Q9m Motorola Rambler Motorola Rapture VU30 Motorola RAZR V3 Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3i/ V3t/ V3r Motorola RAZR V3m Motorola RAZR V3xx Motorola RAZR2 V9m Motorola Renegade V950 Motorola Renew Motorola Rival Motorola RIZR Z3 Motorola RIZR Z6c Motorola ROKR Motorola ROKR E8 Motorola ROKR U9 Motorola ROKR Z6 Motorola SLVR L7c Motorola Stature i9 Motorola T722i Motorola Theory Motorola Titanium Motorola Triumph Motorola Tundra Motorola V120e Motorola V171 Motorola V180 Motorola V190 Motorola V195 Motorola V220 Motorola V235 Motorola V260 Motorola V325 Motorola V360 Motorola V551 Motorola V600 Motorola V60s Motorola V710 Motorola VE465 Motorola VU204 Motorola W315 Motorola W375g Motorola W380 Motorola W385 Motorola W408g Motorola W409G Motorola W418G Motorola W490 Motorola W755 Motorola XOOM Motorola XOOM 4G LTE Motorola XPRT Motorola Z9 Motorola Zine ZN5 myTouch 4G NEC Terrain Netgear 341U USB Modem Netgear Mingle Mobile Hotspot Netgear Zing Nexbit Robin Nexus S 4G Nexus S from Google Nokia 1208 Nokia 1600 Nokia 1616 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1680 Nokia 2320 Nokia 2330 Nokia 2600 Nokia 2605 Mirage Nokia 2610 Nokia 2630 Nokia 2660 Nokia 2680 Nokia 2720 Nokia 2760 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3555 Nokia 3588i Nokia 3660 Nokia 3711 Nokia 5130 Nokia 5230 Nuron Nokia 5310 XpressMusic Nokia 5610 Nokia 6010 Nokia 6015i Nokia 6030 Nokia 6085 Nokia 6101 Nokia 6102i Nokia 6133 Nokia 6165i Nokia 6205 Nokia 6215i Nokia 6236i Nokia 6263 Nokia 6301 Nokia 6315i Nokia 6350 Nokia 6555 Nokia 6650 Nokia 6800 Nokia 7205 Intrigue Nokia 7510 Nokia 7705 Twist Nokia Astound Nokia C3 Nokia E71 Nokia E71x Nokia E73 Mode Nokia Lumia 1020 Nokia Lumia 1520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia Lumia 521 Nokia Lumia 530 Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 635 Nokia Lumia 710 Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 820 Nokia Lumia 822 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 900 Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia Lumia 925 Nokia Lumia 928 Nokia Lumia Icon Nokia Mural Nokia N1 Nokia N73 Nokia N75 Nokia N95 8GB Nokia NGage Nokia Surge Nokia Twist 7705 Nokia VI-3155 Nokia X2 Novatel EX720 ExpressCard Novatel Merlin C777 Novatel Merlin S620 Novatel MiFi 2200 Novatel MiFi 5580 Novatel Ovation U727 Novatel Ovation U760 Novatel PC770 PCmCIA Novatel S720 Novatel U760 Novatel USB1000 Global Modem Novatel V620 EVDO PC Card Novatel V640 PC/Mac USB Broadband Card Novatel V740 PC/Mac Wireless Broadband Card OnePlus 2 OnePlus One OnePlus X Option Quicksilver USB Modem Overdrive 3G 4G Mobile Hotspot Overdrive Pro 3G/4G Hotspot Palm Centro Palm M500 Palm Pixi Palm Pixi Plus Palm Pre Palm Pre 2 Palm Pre Plus Palm Pro Palm Pro Palm Treo 650 Palm Treo 700p Palm Treo 700w Palm Treo 700wx Palm Treo 755p Palm Treo 800w Palm Treo Pro Pantech Breakout Pantech Breeze Pantech Breeze II Pantech Breeze III Pantech Burst Pantech C120 Pantech C300 Pantech C3b Pantech C610 Pantech Caper Pantech Crossover Pantech Crux Pantech Ease Pantech Hotshot Pantech Impact Pantech Jest 2 Pantech Laser Pantech Link Pantech Link II Pantech Marauder Pantech Matrix Pantech Matrix Pro Pantech Perception Pantech PN-820 Pantech Pocket Pantech Pursuit Pantech Pursuit II Pantech Renue Pantech Reveal Pantech Slate Pantech Swift Pantech UML290 4G USB Modem Pantech UML295 LTE USB Modem PCD Chaser Phone Connect 3 Plum Might Z513 Que 4.5 Que 5.0 REEF RIM BlackBerry 6710 RIM BlackBerry 7100t RIM BlackBerry 7105t RIM BlackBerry 7130e RIM BlackBerry 7230 RIM BlackBerry 8700g Rugged CAT S50 S275G Samsung 4G Mobile Hotspot LC11 Samsung A107 Samsung A117 Samsung A127 Samsung A137 Samsung A167 Samsung A187 Samsung A197 Samsung A237 Samsung A580 Samsung A630 Samsung A637 Samsung A650 Samsung A670 Samsung A777 Samsung A870 Samsung A890 Samsung A930 Samsung A950 Samsung A970 Samsung A990 Samsung Access Samsung Ace i325 Samsung Admire Samsung Alias 2 Samsung Array Samsung ATIV Odyssey Samsung ATIV S Neo Samsung ATIV SE Samsung Beat Samsung Behold Samsung Behold II Samsung BlackJack i607 Samsung BlackJack II i617 Samsung Brightside Samsung Captivate Samsung Captivate Glide Samsung Comeback Samsung Conquer 4G Samsung Continuum Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Convoy Samsung Convoy 2 Samsung Convoy 3 Samsung Craft Samsung D415 Samsung D900 Samsung Dart Samsung Delve Samsung DoubleTime Samsung E105 Samsung E315 Samsung E335 Samsung E635 Samsung E715 Samsung Entro Samsung Epic Samsung Epix Samsung Eternity Samsung Eternity II Samsung Evergreen Samsung Exclaim Samsung Exhibit 4G Samsung Exhibit II 4G Samsung Factor Samsung Fascinate Samsung Flight Samsung Flight II Samsung FlipShot SCH-U900 Samsung Focus Samsung Focus 2 Samsung Focus Flash Samsung Focus S Samsung Freeform Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform M Samsung Galaxy Ace Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace Style Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Appeal Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Avant Samsung Galaxy Centura Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Samsung Galaxy Discover Samsung Galaxy Exhibit Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy J1 LTE Samsung Galaxy Light Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Samsung Galaxy Note II Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Precedent Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Reverb Samsung Galaxy Ring Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro Samsung Galaxy Rush Samsung Galaxy S 4 zoom Samsung Galaxy S 4G Samsung Galaxy S Blaze Samsung Galaxy S II Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy S III Mini Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy Stardust Samsung Galaxy Stellar Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II Samsung Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 16GB Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 32GB Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy View Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gleam U700 Samsung Glyde Samsung GO Netbook Samsung Gravity Samsung Gravity 2 Samsung Gravity 3 Samsung Gravity Q Samsung Gravity SMART Samsung Gravity T Samsung Gravity TXT Samsung Gusto Samsung Gusto 2 Samsung Gusto 3 Samsung Haven Samsung Highlight Samsung Highnote Samsung Hue II Samsung Illusion Samsung Impression Samsung Infuse 4G Samsung Instinct Samsung Instinct HD Samsung Instinct S30 Samsung Intensity Samsung Intensity II Samsung Intensity III Samsung Intercept Samsung Intrepid Samsung IP-830 Samsung IP-A790 Samsung Jack Samsung Juke U470 Samsung Katalyst T739 Samsung Knack U310 Samsung M220 Samsung M240 Samsung M300 Samsung M320 Samsung M330 Samsung M360 Samsung M370 Samsung M400 Samsung M500 Samsung M510 Samsung M520 Samsung M610 Samsung Magnet Samsung Matrix Samsung Memoir Samsung MM-A920 Samsung Moment Samsung Muse Samsung MyShot Samsung Mysto Samsung Mythic Samsung Omnia Samsung Omnia II Samsung PM-A740 Samsung Precedent Samsung Propel Samsung Propel Pro Samsung R225m Samsung R335C Samsung R375C Samsung R451C Samsung R455C Samsung R610 Samsung Rant Samsung Reality Samsung Reclaim Samsung Renown Samsung Replenish Samsung Restore Samsung Rogue Samsung Rugby Samsung Rugby 4 Samsung Rugby II Samsung Rugby Smart Samsung S275G Samsung S380C Samsung S390G Samsung S425G Samsung Saga Samsung SCH-i600 Samsung SCH-i730 Samsung SCH-U340 Samsung SCH-U540 Samsung SCH-U620 Samsung SCH-U740 Samsung Seek Samsung SGH-T199 Samsung Smiley Samsung Smooth Samsung Solstice Samsung Solstice II Samsung SP-i600 Samsung Spex r210 Samsung SPH-i700 Samsung Stratosphere Samsung Stripe T329 Samsung Strive Samsung Sunburst Samsung Sway Samsung T109 Samsung T119 Samsung T139 Samsung T159 Samsung T201G Samsung T209 Samsung T219 Samsung T229 Samsung T239 Samsung T249 Samsung t259 Samsung T309 Samsung T319 Samsung T339 Samsung T349 Samsung T369 Samsung T401G Samsung T404G Samsung T439 Samsung T509 Samsung T519 Trace Samsung T528G Samsung T609 Samsung T619 Samsung T629 Samsung T639 Samsung t659 Samsung T719 Samsung T809 Samsung T819 Samsung Trance Samsung Transform Samsung Transform Ultra Samsung Trender Samsung U430 Samsung U450 Samsung U550 Samsung Upstage M620 Samsung VI660 Samsung Vibrant Samsung X427M Samsung X495 Samsung Z400 Samsung Z700 Samsung Zeal Sanyo 7050 Sanyo 8400 Sanyo Incognito Sanyo Innuendo Sanyo Innuendo by Kyocera Sanyo Katana Sanyo Katana DLX Sanyo Katana Eclipse Sanyo Katana Eclipse X Sanyo Katana II Sanyo Katana LX Sanyo M1 Sanyo MM-8300 Sanyo PRO-200 Sanyo PRO-700 Sanyo S1 Sanyo SCP-2400 Sanyo SCP-2700 Sanyo SCP-3100 Sanyo SCP-3200 Sanyo SCP-3810 Sanyo Taho by Kyocera Sanyo Vero by Kyocera Sanyo Zio Saygus V2 Sharp Aquos Crystal Sharp FX Sharp FX PLUS Siemens CF62T Sierra 598 USB Modem Sierra USB Lightning 305 Sierra Wireless 4G LTE Tri-Fi Hotspot Sierra Wireless AC595 PCMCIA Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595U USB PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597 ExpressCard PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AirCard 402 Sierra Wireless Compass 597 USB Modem SKY 4.0 Sky 5.0L Sonim XP STRIKE Sonim XP6 Sony C1904 Xperia M Sony Ericsson Equinox Sony Ericsson GC79 Cellular and WiFi PC Card Sony Ericsson GC89 PCMCIA PC Cell WiFi Card Sony Ericsson J220a Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson T290a Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson TM506 Sony Ericsson W580i Sony Ericsson W810i Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Sony Ericsson Z300 Sony Ericsson Z310a Sony Ericsson Z750a Sony Ericsson Z780 Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia M Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia PLAY 4G Sony Xperia T3 LTE Sony Xperia X10 Sony Xperia Z Sony Xperia Z1S Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Spectrum 2 by LG Spectrum by LG Sprint 3G 4G U600 USB Modem Sprint 3G/4G Plug-in Connect USB Sprint 3G|4G USB 250U Sprint Flash Sprint Force Sprint LivePro Sprint Phone Connect 2 Sprint Plug-in-Connect Trimode Sprint Pocket WiFi Sprint PPC 6700 Sprint Vital Sprint WeGo T-Mobile 4G LTE HotSpot Z915 T-Mobile 4G Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile 665 T-Mobile 768 T-Mobile Comet T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord II T-Mobile Dash T-Mobile Dash 3G T-Mobile G-Slate with Google T-Mobile G1 T-Mobile G2 T-Mobile G2x T-Mobile Jet 2.0 4G Stick T-Mobile MDA T-Mobile myTouch T-Mobile myTouch 3G T-Mobile myTouch 3G Slide T-Mobile myTouch 4G T-Mobile myTouch 4G Slide T-Mobile myTouch by LG T-Mobile myTouch Q T-Mobile myTouch Q by LG T-Mobile Prism T-Mobile Prism II T-Mobile Rocket 3.0 4G Laptop T-Mobile SDA T-Mobile Shadow T-Mobile Sidekick T-Mobile Sidekick 3 T-Mobile Sidekick 4G T-Mobile Sidekick iD T-Mobile Sidekick II T-Mobile Sidekick LX T-Mobile Sidekick Slide T-Mobile Sonic 4G T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Sparq II T-Mobile Tap T-Mobile webConnect Jet USB T-Mobile webConnect USB T-Mobile Wing Turing Phone UNIMAX MAXBravo Unimax MXE-675 UT Starcom PC-5740 UTStarcom Blitz UTStarcom CDM-8945 UTStarcom CDM-8975 UTStarcom Coupe UTStarcom PC5750 PCMCIA PC Broadband Card UTStarcom SMT5800 UTStarcom UM150 USB Modem UTStarcom UM175 USB UTStarcom XV6800 Pocket PC Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice Verizon 4G LTE MiFi 4510L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem UML295 Verizon AD3700 Global USB Verizon Adamant Verizon Blitz Verizon CDM8950 Verizon CDM8975 Verizon Ellipsis 8 Verizon Ellipsis Jetpack MHS800L Verizon Escapade Verizon GzOne Boulder Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 4620L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 5510L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi MHS291L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot 890L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot Verizon Jetpack MiFi 6620L Verizon Razzle Verizon SMT5800 Verizon UM175 USB Data Modem Verizon UMW190 Global USB Verizon USB760 Modem Verizon VX6900 Verizon Wireless Fivespot Global Ready 3G Mobile Hotspot Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect Verizon Wireless Salute Verizon Wireless Turbine 7.0 Verizon Wireless USB551L Virgin Mobile Awe webConnect Rocket HSPA+ Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Xperia ion by Sony YotaPhone 2 ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Aspect ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Axon Pro ZTE Boost Max+ ZTE Compel ZTE Concord II ZTE Force ZTE Fury ZTE Grand S3 ZTE Grand X Max+ ZTE Illustra ZTE Majesty ZTE Maven ZTE Merit ZTE Midnight ZTE Nubia 5S Mini ZTE Optik ZTE Overture 2 ZTE Prestige ZTE Quartz ZTE Rapido LTE ZTE Savvy ZTE Score M ZTE Solar ZTE Speed ZTE Supreme ZTE Unico LTE ZTE Valet ZTE Vital ZTE Warp ZTE Warp Elite ZTE Warp Sequent ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Whirl ZTE Z432 ZTE Z667 ZTE Zephyr ZTE Zinger ZTE ZMAX ZTE ZMAX 2 AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T Mobile Share 10GB AT&T Mobile Share 15GB AT&T Mobile Share 1GB AT&T Mobile Share 20GB AT&T Mobile Share 2GB AT&T Mobile Share 300MB AT&T Mobile Share 40GB AT&T Mobile Share 4GB AT&T Mobile Share 50GB AT&T Mobile Share 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB Boost Mobile BlackBerry Monthly Unlimited Boost Mobile Data Boost Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Plan with Shrinking Payments Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Select Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited with Growing Data CREDO Mobile 10GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 15GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 1GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 2GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 3GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 4GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 6GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 8GB Shared Data Plan FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 500MB GIV Mobile The 20 Plan GIV Mobile The 25 Plan GIV Mobile The 30 Plan GIV Mobile The 40 Plan GIV Mobile The 60 Plan MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Family (2+ Lines) Republic Refund Plan with 0.5 GB Republic Refund Plan with 1 GB Republic Refund Plan with 2 GB Republic Refund Plan with 3 GB Republic Refund Plan with 4 GB Republic Refund Plan with 5 GB Republic Wireless $10 Plan Republic Wireless $25 Plan Republic Wireless $40 Plan Republic Wireless $5 Plan (WiFi Only) Republic Wireless Base Plan ROK Mobile Ultimate Unlimited Scratch Wireless Free Plan Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $1.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $14.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $6.99 Voice Pass Solavei Prepaid Unlimited Sprint $60 Unlimited Plan Sprint All-In Wireless Smartphone + Unlimited Sprint Family Share Pack 10GB Sprint Family Share Pack 12GB Sprint Family Share Pack 16GB Sprint Family Share Pack 1GB Sprint Family Share Pack 20GB Sprint Family Share Pack 2GB Sprint Family Share Pack 32GB Sprint Family Share Pack 40GB Sprint Family Share Pack 4GB Sprint Family Share Pack 60GB Sprint Family Share Pack 8GB Sprint Prepaid $60 Unlimited Talk, Text & Data Sprint Prepaid Unlimited Voice and Texting Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Sprint Unlimited My All-In Sprint Unlimited My Way Sprint Unlimited My Way Family Straight Talk All You Need Straight Talk Unlimited T-Mobile Simple Choice T-Mobile Simple Choice Family (Includes 2+ Lines) T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan T-Mobile Simply Prepaid T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text TextNow Wireless Grande Plan TextNow Wireless Quattro Plan TextNow Wireless Tall Plan TextNow Wireless Venti Plan The Verizon Plan - 100GB The Verizon Plan - 20GB The Verizon Plan - 25GB The Verizon Plan - 30GB The Verizon Plan - 40GB The Verizon Plan - 50GB The Verizon Plan - 60GB The Verizon Plan - 80GB The Verizon Plan - L The Verizon Plan - M The Verizon Plan - S The Verizon Plan - XL The Verizon Plan - XXL Ting L Plan Ting M Plan Ting S Plan Ting XL Plan TracFone 120 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 200 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 450 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan US Mobile 100 Mins Talk US Mobile 1000 Mins Talk US Mobile 2000 Mins Talk US Mobile 250 Mins Talk US Mobile 500 Mins Talk Verizon 100GB More Everything Verizon 10GB More Everything Verizon 14GB More Everything Verizon 15GB More Everything Verizon 16GB More Everything Verizon 20GB More Everything Verizon 2GB More Everything Verizon 30GB More Everything Verizon 40GB More Everything Verizon 4GB More Everything Verizon 500MB More Everything Verizon 50GB More Everything Verizon 60GB More Everything Verizon 80GB More Everything Verizon 8GB More Everything Verizon Prepaid Smartphone Plan Verizon Wireless Smartphone Single Line Plan Virgin Mobile payLo 1500 Talk & Text Virgin Mobile payLo 400 Minutes Virgin Mobile payLo Unlimited Talk & Text Virgin Mobile Unlimited + International + Extra Virgin Mobile Unlimited + More Data Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything + International Number of Lines - Any - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Minutes Unlimited Messages: 500 Data Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below. - Any -05KB50MB30MB100MB150MB200MB250MB300MB400MB500MB600MB700MB800MB900MB1GB1.5GB2GB2.5GB3GB4GB5GB6GB7GB8GB10GB12GB14GB15GB16GB18GB20GB25GB30GB32GB35GB40GB50GB60GB80GB100GB120GBUnlimited - Plans Home Phone Savings Pay Less on Home Phone Service popular topics Apple releases iOS 10.0.3 to the iPhone 7, fixes cellular connectivity issues3 iPhone 8 to feature all glass back, new 5-inch model2 New MacBook Pros have 16GB of RAM max due to battery life concerns1 Over 50 new emojis just approved by Unicode 10, should be on iOS soon1 In a new interview, Phil Schiller discusses the new MacBook Pro1 iPhone 7 to be available in 4 additional countries on November 41 Apple Watch Nike+ launch details, bands will not be sold separately1 Opinion: The lack of Apple software quality on iOS1 Live blog: Apple's 'hello again' October 27 event1 PhoneDog Samsung previews Black Friday deals on phones, tablets, microSD cards, and more Apple said to be considering Google Glass-like smart glasses PlayStation 4 Pro Unboxing, Setup and First Impressions Blue Coral Galaxy S7 edge may launch at T-Mobile on November 18 iOS 10.2 beta 3 update now available from Apple Samsung Rewards launching this week, will offer prizes for Samsung Pay users LG V20 launch sales double that of V10 in the US Android And Me OnePlus 3T Leaked Ahead of Official Amazon Prime membership in the UK cut LG has sold over 200,000 V20 units in Top 5 most popular Android apps from Samsung Rewards will earn Samsung Pay Samsung acquires Harman to expand into Google Play Music update adds machine TmoNews Samsung Gear S3 Frontier launches at T-Mobile to launch Blue Coral Galaxy T-Mobile launches @Work All-In Bundle T-Mobile’s Blue Coral Galaxy S7 edge AT&T borrows T-Mobile Binge On to launch Next T-Mobile Tuesday will offer UE Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 launches PhoneDog is one of the largest and most popular interactive mobile news and reviews resource that attracts a community of more than 2.5 million unique visitors each month. The site may have a "cute" name, but it offers up serious editorial content and video reviews that users rely on to make important decisions about their next mobile purchases. PhoneDog Media Family PhoneDog - Cell phone news Android And Me - Google & Android TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog TodaysiPhone - iPhone News & Rumors Company About us In the press Advertising info Jobs & careers Terms of Use Privacy policy Popular iPad iTunes App Reviews Accessory Reviews Research & Shop Buying guide Phone finder Compare plans Phone specials Long distance © 2001-2016 PhoneDog, LLC. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All rights reserved.
MENU Tech Science Health Culture Reviews Features Videos HOMEPAGE Tech Gadgets Computers Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Wearable Tech Apps/Software Business Tech Internet Car Tech Security Apple Google Microsoft Smart Home Science Space Earth/Environment Animals Material Science Ancient Health Healthy Living/Wellness Medicine Public Health Neuroscience Culture Movies/TV Shows Video Games Comic Books Life & Style Viral Celebrities Reviews Wearable Tech Features Tech Advertisement facebook twitter reddit Comment google+ linkedin Email What's app digg Apple iPad Air 3 Specs, Features And Release Date Rumors: What We Know So Far 7 November 2016, 9:07 am EST By Anu Passary Tech Times Apple - Here's What You May Not KnowNow Playing Computer Technology - How Laptops, Personal Computers And Tablets Are Changing The WorldNow Playing It has been two years since Apple refreshed its iPad Air lineup, but there are rumors hinting that an iPad Air 3 is in the works. Reports point to top-end specs for the iPad Air 3 and hint at a March 2017 debut for the much-awaited tablet.  ( Justin Sullivan | Getty Images ) Advertisement Apple devices always generate excitement and we are not just talking about when they release, but also when they are in the works. The Cupertino-based company took the wraps off its refreshed MacBook lineup in October and the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus in September. However, one refreshed Apple device that was notably missing in both the announcements was the iPad. Rumors that the company is working on its next-gen iPad Air 3 tablet, the successor of the iPad Air 2, have been swirling online for a while now. The iPad Air 2 was introduced by Apple in October 2014 and the fact that it's been two years since the line was refreshed has surprised experts and consumers alike. Apple continues to remain mum on whether an iPad Air 3 is in the offing. However, rumors have allowed us to glean some information on the impending, much-awaited Apple tablet. We take a look at the rumored specs, features and release date of the iPad Air 3. Specs The iPad Air 3 is rumored to have a 9.7-inch 4K display and will allegedly house the latest A10 processor. It will also be 5 millimeters (0.20 inches) thick, making it sleeker than the iPad Air 2's 6.1 millimeters (0.24 inches). Some experts are of the belief that the tablet will take a leaf out of the iPhone 7 Plus and could possibly have a dual-camera setup. The tablet is rumored to sport an 8-megapixel primary camera, which will offer support for LED flash, as well as a 2.1-megapixel front-facing camera. In addition to the stunning display with a "sharper resolution," the device may house 4 GB of RAM and a bigger battery when compared to the previous iterations. Features The iPad Air 3 could offer support for 3D Touch, a pressure-sensitive technology, which is available on the iPhone 7 and was introduced with the iPhone 6s. Some reports have suggested that the company is working on a scalable version of the technology, so that it can be deployed on bigger devices such as the iPad. The iPad Air 3 is also anticipated to offer a fingerprint sensor and remove the 3.5mm jack like it has for the iPhone 7. The iPad Air 3 could also be waterproof like the iPhone 7 and a leaked image suggested that it could boast four speakers instead of the two touted by its previous iteration. Two speakers will be on the bottom and two on the top. Apple could also introduce the Jet Black and Rose Gold color options for the iPad Air 3, hues that the iPad Air 2 was not available in. Release The tablet was previously rumored to be launched alongside the 4-inch iPhone SE in March 2016. While rumors are rife that Apple will finally unveil the iPad Air 3 in March 2017, some reports suggest that the device will never see the light of day as it has been two years since the company introduced the tablet. Hopefully, the iPad Air 3 will debut in March 2017 and end the prolonged wait for consumers. TAG Apple, iPad Air 3, Features © 2016 Tech Times, All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission. Related Articles Walmart Pre-Black Friday 2016 Deals: Big Discounts On iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus, iPhone 6s And iPhone 5c New iPad Air 3 And 4-Inch iPhone SE Set For Unveil Amid Apple-FBI Tension This Leaked iPad Air 3 Case Hints Of Smart Connector, Flash For Main Camera iPad Air 3 Will Have Stunning 4K Display, 4GB RAM And Bigger Battery: Rumor From Our Sponsor Eco-friendly Packaging On Demand Technology Changes The Way Retailers Think About Shipping Packages On-demand packaging can be eco-friendly as well as save costs. Now, who would have thought of that? Packsize did, and it's changing the business of shipping packages. SPONSORED BY Packsize Advertisement Advertisement Most Popular 1 Microsoft Microsoft Black Friday 2016 Deals Revealed: $429 Off Surface Pro 4, $400 Off Surface Book, Lumia BOGO And More 2 Video Games Where To Buy The NES Classic Edition Now That It's Sold Out? Here Are Your Options 3 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Black Friday 2016: Best Surface Pro Deals With Big Discounts From Microsoft, Costco, Best Buy And More Advertisement 4 Wearable Tech Nike HyperAdapt 1.0 Self-Lacing Sneakers To Cost $720, Not $1,000: Dec. 1 Expected Release Date, Not Nov. 28 5 Apps/Software Google Daydream Running On Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge With Android 7.0 Nougat, Videos Show 6 Space Supermoon 2016: Here Are The Best Photos Of The Supermoon Snapped Around The World 7 Public Health Constipation Linked To Increased Risk For Kidney Disease: Ways To Prevent And Treat Constipation 8 Medicine Statin Use Can Help Lower Death Risk For Patients With Ankylosing Spondylitis And Psoriatic Arthritis: Study 9 Life & Style Nostradamus Predictions: Did The French Prophet Predict Donald Trump 2016 US Presidential Election Victory Would Lead To World War 3? 10 Earth/Environment Good News For Earth? New Study Reveals Flat Carbon Emission Levels In 3 Years EDITOR'S PICKS Election Day 2016: Where Do I Vote Today, Predictions And How To Know Presidential Election Results Nostradamus Predictions: Did The French Prophet Predict Donald Trump 2016 US Presidential Election Victory Would Lead To World War 3? iPhone 8 Rumors: Barclays Analysts Report iPhone 8 May Sport New Form Factor Samsung Launches Android 7.0 Nougat Galaxy Beta Program: Software Update Now Up For Testing By Galaxy S7 And S7 Edge Users Samsung Galaxy S8, S8 Plus And Galaxy Note 8 Model Numbers Leak: SM-G950, SM-G955 And SM-N950 LOOK: iPhone 7 Plus Explodes In China After Hitting The Ground Dinosaur Rise More Gradual Than Previously Thought, Fossils Show NES Classic Hits Amazon At 2 P.M. Nov. 11, Here's How To Get Yours Google Pixel Hacked In Under 60 Seconds: Is Your Smartphone Safe From The Exploit? Life & Style More Life & Style Meet Charlotte, A Massive Huntsman Spider In Australia Freaking Out The Internet Math Abilities Are Not Innate: New Theory May Help In Identifying, Teaching Students With Math Learning Disabilities This Cat Has The Most Terrifying Reaction To His Human Dressing As A Cat Alien Hunters Spot Strange Fossilized Beast Resembling A Grizzly Bear On Mars: Here's What UFO Hunters And Skeptics Think Is The Robot Girlfriend in Calvin Harris’ New 'My Way' Video Really Taylor Swift? [Video] This Dog’s Reaction To Her Favorite Toy Come To Life Is The Happiest Video On The Internet Right Now Lady Gaga And James Corden’s ‘Carpool Karaoke’ Ride Goes Massively Viral, But Can She Beat Justin Bieber And Adele? [Video] Starbucks Secret Menu: What’s In The Franken Frappuccino Beverage Available This Halloween TechScienceHealthCultureReviewsFeaturesVideos About Us | Contact Us | Content Licensing | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Media Kit | BrandSpin © 2016 TechTimes Inc. All rights reserved. Top Stories From Tech Times Delivered To Your Inbox. No Thanks!
null
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Nov 15, 1:03 PM EST Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology tvOS Developer Update Improves iTunes Link Maker For Better Linking Of Apps On Apple TV By Corazon Victorino On 11/09/16 AT 10:41 PM Close There’s an update for the tvOS operating system of the Apple TV that users will really like. This update is for developers only, but its use and practicality will be carried over to the user experience the device brings.  According to 9To5Mac, this new update improves the iTunes Link Maker, so developers can now share direct links of their tvOS apps to users. Before, users have to go through the Apple TV App Store just to look for a certain app. With this update, users can easily search for the apps they like and access them via the direct links.  The direct links will also come in handy for iPhone, iPad, Mac and PC users. The App Store on these devices already show tvOS apps. With the update, users can get the direct links to the tvOS apps they want to view or download. Because of this, users can download the app for their Apple TV straight from their iOS, Mac or computer device.  Related Stories Apple Is Now Selling Refurbished iPhones Apple To Replenish Touch Bar Supply For MacBook Pro With The Help Of New Supplier Exclusive Apple Pay On Web Discounts, Offers Announced Apple appears to be constantly making some changes to tvOS. Just this April, it introduced the ability to generate links to web previews of tvOS apps. Then, in September, the Cupertino giant added the automatic download option to the Apple TV OS. Now that developers can provide direct links to their apps via the latest update, their reach to potential customers is expected to widen, as per MacStories.  The news about the improvement in the iTunes Link Maker comes days after Apple seeded the second developer beta of tvOS 10.1 for the fourth-generation Apple TV. 9To5Mac noted in a separate report that the upcoming tvOS 10.1 update is going to bring the single sign-on feature to the Apple TV, making it easier for the system to authenticate with cable providers to unlock all paid video apps. However, users should wait a little longer because tvOS 10.1 is not hitting the Apple TV until early December.  Join the Discussion Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Business Small Business Owners Voicing Support For Trump Donald Trump's supporters drew up a blacklist of companies to boycott on Reddit, but endorsed some small-town businesses who have voiced their love for the president-elect during the campaign. Technology WhatsApp Finally Gets Video-Calling Feature With New Update WhatsApp users can finally make video calls with their family and friends thanks to the app's latest update. World What Women Should Know About Endometrial Cancer PBS anchor Gwen Ifill's death drew attention to cancers of the female reproductive organ. Here are the symptoms of endometrial or uterine cancer. National Affordable Care Act Not Working For All Americans Obamacare has seen premiums increase by some 25 percent on average. © Copyright 2016 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Nov 15, 1:03 PM EST Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology Apple's macOS Sierra Gets Under-The-Hood Improvements In New 10.12.2 Update For Public Beta Testers By Corazon Victorino On 11/09/16 AT 10:32 PM Close Apple will soon roll out another major software update to macOS Sierra-running Mac devices. But right now, the company is focused on developing the update and getting feedback from developers and beta testers via Apple’s beta testing program. This Wednesday, the Cupertino giant rolled out the second pre-release beta version of macOS Sierra 10.12.2 to public beta testers — just a day after developers received the new beta build.  According to AppleInsider, Apple has released the second beta of macOS Sierra 10.12.2 to people who have signed up for the company’s Beta Software Program. Mac users who have enrolled to the program can download it from the Mac App Store’s Updates tab.  Though it isn’t known yet what this new beta version has in store, users can already anticipate that it would come with fixes to bugs identified since the 10.12.1 update was launched in late October. More than anything, it is expected to bring under-the-hood performance improvements to make the Mac user experience more seamless.  Related Stories Apple Is Now Selling Refurbished iPhones Apple To Replenish Touch Bar Supply For MacBook Pro With The Help Of New Supplier Exclusive Apple Pay On Web Discounts, Offers Announced Users who are interested to get early access to the upcoming macOS software update features can still sign up to participate in the Beta Software Program. By enrolling via Apple’s beta testing website, users can have access to the beta versions of upcoming macOS Sierra and iOS betas. Since beta software is typically rife with bugs, however, users are advised to install it on a secondary machine, as per MacRumors.  The second beta version of macOS 10.12.2 comes a week after the first beta went live for developers and beta testers to download. It isn’t known yet when Apple plans to roll out the official 10.12.2 update, but when it does, users would be delighted to know that they’ll be getting new and redesigned Unicode 9 emojis with the software update. The same set of emojis will arrive with the iOS 10.2 update for iPhones and iPads and the watchOS 3.1.1 update for the Apple Watch.  Join the Discussion Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Business Small Business Owners Voicing Support For Trump Donald Trump's supporters drew up a blacklist of companies to boycott on Reddit, but endorsed some small-town businesses who have voiced their love for the president-elect during the campaign. Technology WhatsApp Finally Gets Video-Calling Feature With New Update WhatsApp users can finally make video calls with their family and friends thanks to the app's latest update. World French PM Seeks State Of Emergency Extension French Prime Minster Manuel Valls said France was not ready to scale down its increased security measures in the face of ISIS threats. National Trump Will Have Vast Drone Strike Powers President-elect Donald Trump will be able to use drone strikes at his discretion while in office. © Copyright 2016 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 Black Friday CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iPad Air 2 iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS Sierra Retina MacBook tvOS 10 watchOS 3 Buyer's Guide Forums iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s Retina MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air Black Friday Apple VR Project iMac iPad Air 2 Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > Target Black Friday Deals Include iPad Pro, Apple TV and Beats Wednesday November 9, 2016 6:08 PM PST by Husain Sumra Target has posted its Black Friday ad for 2016, listing several deals on Apple products. The promotions include 25% off all Apple TV models, $150 off the 9.7-inch iPad Pro and $180 off the Beats Solo2 Wireless. The retailer is offering discounts and promotions in two waves: there's an Early Access period that begins today and runs until November 24 both in-store and online. Then, on Thanksgiving Day at 6 P.M., Target will open its stores for further Black Friday deals. Early Access deals on Apple products include three Apple TV models -- the 32 and 64GB fourth-generation Apple TV and a third-generation Apple TV -- and Beats Solo2 Wireless headphones and Beats Tour 2.5 in-ear headphones. - 25% off 32GB Fourth-Generation Apple TV - 25% off 64GB Fourth-Generation Apple TV - 25% off Third-Generation Apple TV - $180 off Beats Solo2 Wireless (Reg. $299.99) - $65 off Beats Tour 2.5 in-ear headphones (Reg. $129.99) Regular Black Friday deals include $71.99 off Apple Watch Series 1, iPad discounts and iPhone 7 and 7 Plus deals. - Save $71.99 Apple Watch Series 1 (Starting at $198) - 20% off all iPods - $0 Down and Free $250 Target Gift Card on iPhone 7 and 7 Plus models - Save $150.99 on 9.7-inch iPad Pro - Save $129.99 on iPad Air 2 - Save $70.20 on iPad mini 2 - Save $180 on Beats Solo2 Wireless (Reg. $299.99) - Save $65 on Beats Tour 2.5 in-ear headphones (Reg. $129.99) In addition to discounts on Apple and Beats products, Target is offering 40% off all Otterbox Commuter cases. Related Roundup: Black Friday Tag: Target 41 comments Top Rated Comments (View all) now i see it 6 days ago at 07:32 pm Stores starting sales on Thanksgiving day should be boycotted. It's called black FRIDAY for a reason. Rating: 7 Votes Carmenia83 6 days ago at 06:35 pm Then, on Thanksgiving Day at 6 P.M., Target will open its stores Nope Rating: 5 Votes dannyyankou 6 days ago at 06:41 pm Oh wow, they have $4.99 off christmas lights, I'd rather take advantage of that than spend quality time with my family on thanksgiving. Rating: 4 Votes 2010mini 6 days ago at 07:30 pm So Black Friday starts at 6pm on thanksgiving now? Why even have thanksgiving any more if we're doing this? Rating: 4 Votes shareef777 6 days ago at 07:13 pm Nice. Will pickup a 32G Apple TV. Been hearing nice things about it from friends and co-workers. Rating: 4 Votes dannyyankou 6 days ago at 07:08 pm Just finished reading my DayOne talking about Thanksgiving Day. These Black Friday sales just killed our time together. We celebrate this holiday not just my family but includes my family's family. All of the sudden they started planning of shopping instead of getting together. I hate the idea but it's their choice to do it. Yeah, I'm not going to tell anyone how to spend their thanksgiving but I hate how commercialized it's become. At least wait until midnight at the very earliest. Rating: 4 Votes dannyyankou 6 days ago at 07:40 pm Stores starting sales on Thanksgiving day should be boycotted. It's called black FRIDAY for a reason. I work at a Target store. I already requested I can't work any earlier than 10pm. It's ridiculous. Luckily I'm looking at internships for college starting in the winter and spring. Rating: 2 Votes joueboy 6 days ago at 07:05 pm Oh wow, they have $4.99 off christmas lights, I'd rather take advantage of that than spend quality time with my family on thanksgiving. Just finished reading my DayOne talking about Thanksgiving Day. These Black Friday sales just killed our time together. We celebrate this holiday not just my family but includes my family's family. All of the sudden they started planning of shopping instead of getting together. I hate the idea but it's their choice to do it. Rating: 2 Votes chrismail627 6 days ago at 07:36 pm Stores starting sales on Thanksgiving day should be boycotted. It's called black FRIDAY for a reason. Pretty soon the sales are going to start on Wednesday the way this is going. It's sad how have people fighting each other for TVs on thanksgiving day instead of spending time with family, being thankful for what they have. Rating: 2 Votes menithings 5 days ago at 07:16 am Sadly was hoping for a possible discount on a new AirPods, but if they debut right around the holidays, little chance of a markdown. Zero chance of such a new product getting a discount. Rating: 1 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming iMac Early 2017 Updated models with AMD graphics options expected in early 2017. iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 New glass-backed design rumored to lose the Home button. Front Page Stories Next Year's iPhones to Include 4.7" LCD Model With Single Camera, 5.5" LCD and OLED Models With Dual Cameras 1 hour ago on Front Page Apple will release a trio of new iPhones next year, according to a new research note from KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo. Kuo believes Apple will launch a 4.7-inch model with a single-lens... 96 comments 15-Inch MacBook Pro With Touch Bar Has Non-Removable SSD 3 hours ago on Front Page While the new entry-level 13-inch MacBook Pro with function keys has a removable SSD, the same cannot be said for the Touch Bar model. MacRumors reader Jesse D. unscrewed the bottom lid on his... 373 comments Apple Releases $200+ Photo Book Called 'Designed by Apple in California' 5 hours ago on Front Page Apple today announced the release of a new hardbound photo book, called "Designed by Apple in California," that chronicles 20 years of Apple product designs through 450 photographs. The book... 296 comments Apple Testing Augmented Reality 'Smart Glasses' That Connect to iPhone 17 hours ago on Front Page As part of its effort to expand further into wearable devices, Apple is working on a set of smart glasses, reports Bloomberg. Citing sources familiar with Apple's plans, the site says the smart... 218 comments Apple Highlights Mac Apps Updated With Support for MacBook Pro Touch Bar 20 hours ago on Front Page As the new MacBook Pro models with Touch Bar begin arriving to customers, Apple has updated the Mac App Store with a featured section highlighting a selection of Mac apps that have been updated with... 94 comments What's New in iOS 10.2 Beta 3: TV App Updates, SOS and Videos App Removed 21 hours ago on Front Page Apple today seeded the third beta of iOS 10.2 to developers, introducing some notable improvements to the new "TV" app that was introduced in the second iOS 10.2 beta. As can be seen in... 74 comments New MacBook Pro's Dedicated AMD Graphics Chips Are 'Significantly' Faster and Support Dual 5K Displays 1 day ago on Front Page Apple dropped Intel's integrated Iris Pro graphics in favor of dedicated AMD graphics across its entire new 15-inch MacBook Pro lineup, resulting in performance improvements over previous models.... 233 comments Apple Seeds Third macOS Sierra 10.12.2 Beta to Developers [Update: Public Beta Available] 1 day ago on Front Page Apple today seeded the third beta of the upcoming macOS Sierra 10.12.2 update to developers, one week after releasing the second 10.12.2 beta and three weeks following the public release of macOS... 29 comments • Apple Seeds Third Beta of iOS 10.2 to Developers [Update: Public Beta Available] (63) • Phil Schiller Says Apple Tested and Rejected Touch Screen Macs, Finding It 'Absurd' on a Desktop (589) • First Customers Begin to Receive New MacBook Pro With Touch Bar (93) • iPhone 7 Demand Has 'Peaked' as Shipments Forecasted to Decline Significantly Over Next Two Months (92) • New MacBook Pro Reviews Mixed as Touch Bar Called Everything From 'Useful' to 'Gimmick' (274) • Revamped Google Play Music Streams Content Based on User Location, Activity, and Time of Day (48) • Touch Bar MacBook Pro Orders Begin Shipping to Customers (269)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Husain Sumra Contributing Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade Upcoming 'Race Control Director' Puts You on the Other Side of Racing Zen Studios Teases 'Bethesda Pinball' Nintendo Reveals 'Super Mario Run' Release Date and Price We're Streaming iOS Games Live on Mobcrush [Offline] 'BATMAN - The Telltale Series' Episode 3 Review: Sorry Bruce, the New World Order Sucks 'RETSNOM' Developer Releases Pixelated Point-and-Click Hacking Game 'Replica: A Little Temporary Safety' on iOS AppShopper Apple Announces New iPhone 6s with 3D Touch Apple Announces iPad Pro with 12.9-inch Retina Display Apple Announces iOS 9, Bringing Split-Screen Multi-tasking to iPad Apple Announces Mac OS X 10.11 'El Capitan' Apple Watch Pre-Orders to Open on April 10, Available Starting on April 24 Apple Announces New 12-inch MacBook with Retina Display Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
SiliconValley.com Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS   Social Web Mobile Cloud Gadgets Cleantech VC Data Games Policy Media   Apple now selling pre-owned iPhones from online store By Ethan Baron / November 9, 2016 at 5:39 PM Pssst! Want to buy an iPhone, cheap? Well, you’re probably out of luck if you want a functional, genuine phone. But if you want to buy an iPhone that’s cheaper than a new one, Apple may now be able to help you. The Cupertino firm is selling refurbished iPhones in the online Apple Store, a practice it tried in 2007 but later scrapped. The devices are not cheap, but they cost less than a new one. Previously, Apple “sort of sold refurbished iPhones” via an eBay storefront that appeared to have been set up by Apple, according to website 9to5Mac, but the sales were “never fully acknowledged by the company.” Apple had in 2007 offered refurbished iPhones online. It’s not clear when the firm stopped that program. Apple is now selling eight refurbished versions of the iPhone 6s Plus online in its store, in various colors and storage capacities, at a discount of 15 percent off the new-phone price, delivering savings of $100 or $110. A silver refurbished iPhone 6s Plus with 16GB of storage, for example, costs $529. Apple’s refurbished products have been purchased then returned to Apple because of defects, or because they’re not wanted, and sometimes the items were recycled through Apple’s official recycling program by a previous owner, according to the website MacRumors, which describes the used goods as “superb” quality. “Apple repairs these products and replaces all faulty parts before offering them for sale again,” according to MacRumors. Apple says it tests and certifies all refurbished products, which carry a one-year warranty. Refurbished iPhones include a new battery and outer shell, according to Apple. As for why the company has returned to selling refurbished iPhones, Tech Times writer Carl Velasco speculated that “the measly sales figures of the 6s lineup may have convinced Apple to offer them at a bargain in an attempt to clear out the inventory at a faster pace. “It’s also a way to attract users who, upon veering from the iPhone 7’s steep price, might be eyeing other Android handsets such as the Google Pixel.” Photo: The iPhone 6S Plus, 6S and SE lie next to each other in a comparison photograph, in New York. (AP Photo/Julie Jacobson, File) Share this: Email Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Reddit Google More Pinterest Tumblr   Tags: Apple, Apple store, eBay, iPhone, iPhone 6, online, pre-owned, refurbished, used, warranty   More Posts in 1 Petition for electoral college coup against Trump gets more than 1 million signatures November 10, 2016   Google’s driving app ‘Android Auto’ now works as free standalone on phones November 8, 2016   Google Search to provide federal, state election results November 7, 2016       Share this Post Tweet       MaxHoo 15% off? Is that a typo? Shouldn’t that be 50%?     About SiliconBeat Sign up for the Good Morning Silicon Valley newsletter GMSV     Tweets from @siliconbeat/siliconbeat   Popular Posts Is activist investor Starboard looking to run at Hewlett… Social media and the election through the eyes of Donald… Google to treat fake-news websites like porn and ban its ads Petition for electoral college coup against Trump gets more… Wolverton: Competition stumps Amazon Echo, Google Home     Archives Archives Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005   Related Feeds 60-Second Business Break Green Energy News Opinion Personal Tech Venture Capital                       Education WordPress Theme by Copyright © 2016 Bay Area News Group. All Rights Reserved   Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
gulfnews.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 8 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser.LEARN MORE � Enter your keyword sign inorRegister now Mobile Site GN Network Aquarius The monthly women's lifestyle magazine offering real solutions for real women. Friday The most read magazine in the UAE. Lively, intelligent and thought-provoking. GN Focus Focused reports on events, business and lifestyle. In depth, insightful, influential. Inside Out An inspiring home interiors magazine showcasing the best interior design. tabloid! The No. 1 source for entertainment, lifestyle & fashion in the UAE. Weekend Review In-depth look at issues behind the news, with sections on people, books and art. Wheels A weekly motoring magazine packed with the latest local and global motoring news, reviews and views. GNTECH Gadget soup for the techy soul. News and reviews with our own irreverent spin Baby & Child From pregnancy to playdates in the UAE Classifieds GNCars The UAE's first stop shop for buying and selling cars. GNCareers Give your career a boost. Find the best and latest jobs. GNClassifieds The site for buying and selling almost anything. GNproperty Region's leading property site for buying and renting. Apps App for iPhone The official Gulf News app tailored for iOs phones App for Android Mobile The official Gulf News app tailored for Android phones App for iPad Gulf News made highly readable for Apple's iPad App for Windows 8 The official Gulf News app for Microsoft's latest OS Gulf News mobile Fast, lightweight, perfect for mobile browsing App for Blackberry 10 Gulf News tailored for your Blackberry App for Windows 8 Tablet A native Gulf News tablet app for Windows 8 SMS alerts The fastest way to find out about breaking stories Cricket App Live cricket action direct to your phone Good Living App Hundreds of offers direct to your phone Subscribe Gulf News Subscribe Now Aquarius Subscribe Now Xpress Subscribe Now Inside Out Subscribe Now Wheels Subscribe Now Baby & Child Subscribe Now Quick Links E-Paper Digital version of today’s newspaper, exactly as it is in print. Mobile Version The fast and light-weight mobile version of GulfNews.com. Advertising Guide Get your brand seen in the region's most read newspaper. SMS News Alerts The fastest way to hear about major breaking stories. Goodliving 100s of offers, half price deals, 2 for 1s - and more. Contact Us Have something you want to tell us, a question, or complaint? SHARES TECHNOLOGY November 15, 2016 | Last updated 4 minutes ago ---- 24KGold-- oil--   Hot Topics: US Elections 2016 Gold Rate Weather Horoscope UAE holidays 2016 UAE News Business Data1 Equities Commodities Currencies top stories in Data Gold posts biggest price drop in months Surprise Trump win triggers massive gold buying Gold prices drop as Clinton gains ground Gold Rate Sectors42 Markets19 Automotives Banking4 Construction4 Employment3 Features General Investment7 Media3 Careers3 Energy2 Retail10 Shipping1 Technology3 Telecoms Tourism top stories in Sectors Over 1.3m guests check into Sharjah’s hotels Dubai beats London, Paris as top expat city Tesco recovery on with fastest sales growth Aviation7 Live Flights top stories in Aviation EasyJet profit falls as currency woes take toll Berkshire bet on the biggest US airlines Etihad starts hiring additional crew Economy14 Property1 GN Property top stories in Property Hyatt to open four luxury hotel in Pakistan Union Properties profit at Dh32m in Q3 It’s all in the Trump name Money1 Visas Analysis6 2 Sport Opinion Leisure Life&Style Culture Guides Multimedia Your Say In Focus Ireland appeals EU Apple tax ruling Statement issued saying Irish government 'profoundly' disagrees with commission's analysis Published: 05:13 November 10, 2016 AFP   SMALL MEDIUM LARGE Dublin: Ireland lodged a formal appeal Wednesday against a European Commission ruling ordering the country to collect billions of euros in unpaid taxes from tech giant Apple. “Our application has now been lodged in the General Court of the European Union,” a finance ministry spokesman said in a statement, confirming the move mooted in Brussels on Tuesday by Finance Minister Michael Noonan. “The government disagrees profoundly with the commission’s analysis in the Apple state aid case, and our position on all aspects of the case is very well known,” the spokesman added. Ireland’s appeal comes after the Commission’s ruling in August that Apple must pay EUR13 billion ($14.2 billion) in back-taxes, arguing Ireland broke EU state aid rules. The EU’s competition commissioner, Margrethe Vestager, said the deal Ireland offered Apple allowed the US tech firm to pay a corporate tax rate of 1 percent on its European profits in 2003 down to 0.005 percent in 2014. Immediately after the Commission ruling the Irish government said it would appeal the decision, on the basis that Apple had paid its taxes to the Irish state in full. Dublin also cited the potential impact retrospective penalties could have on its future ability to attract foreign direct investment. Speaking in Brussels on Tuesday, Noonan said Ireland’s reputation had been damaged unfairly by the commission’s stance. “We don’t believe that Apple owed this money in Ireland at all,” he said. “We share the OECD view that whatever they owe they owe to the United States and they paid everything that was due to be paid in Ireland,” he said during an address to the Economic and Monetary Affairs Committee in the European Parliament. Noonan added that Apple is the biggest corporate taxpayer in Ireland on profits generated in the country, where the multinational employs 6,000 people in its Cork city campus. More from Technology Axiom eyes growth in Saudi Arabia, UAE 06:16 pm Firm Dark Matter to expand operations 06:14 pm Careem forms partnership with Apple Alibaba posts record Singles' Day sales Nintendo and Sony battle with console launches Addressing the issue of trust in the digital era China’s Gionee enters UAE smartphone market A phone for Android enthusiast and audiophiles tags from this storyUnited States follow this tag on MGN filed underGulfNewsBusinessSectorsTechnology tagsUnited States follow this tag on MGN+ MGN Also In TechnologyAxiom eyes growth in Saudi Arabia, UAE Business Gallery Kish island turns to be a major tourism hub Pakistan, China launch new trade route Business Videos PlayStrata UAE leads aerospace manufacturing Video: Electronics fiesta as Gitex opens FOLLOW US Most Popular ViewedCommentedVideosPictures 01Careem forms partnership with Apple 02Google goes after iPhone users with pricey Pixel 03Individuals can access VPNs in UAE Play Strata UAE leads aerospace manufacturing Oct 25, 2016 Play Video: Electronics fiesta as Gitex opens Oct 01, 2016 Play Britain is open for business Sep 20, 2016 Play Emirati who created 2 successful companies Jan 02, 2016 1Image In pictures: Evolution of Emirates airline Oct 25, 2015 10Images Apple unveils Nike+ smartwatch Oct 29, 2016 14Images Trump casino closes in Atlantic City Oct 11, 2016 15Images Inside a Russian precious metals plant Oct 26, 2016 Business poll What is your favourite tech brand? Apple 45% Blackberry 4% Dell 2% Lenovo 3% Microsoft 4% Samsung 29% Sony 6% None of the above 7% Total Number of Votes: 16409 Already voted What is your favourite tech brand? Apple Blackberry Dell Lenovo Microsoft Samsung Sony None of the above Currency Converter first-currency currencyAEDDinarRupee= first-currency currencyINRDinarRupee Most Popular on Gulf News 'Utter devastation' after New Zealand quakes Viral: Saudi man’s love poem to Ivanka Trump Your guide to tonight’s Supermoon Best airlines to fly with in 2017 Indian embassy to take up expats’ rupee concerns Gold posts biggest price drop in months Meet the best street cleaners in UAE Baby placed at cliff edge for souvenir photo Revealed: Countries with great jobs Close Recommended For You Why is tolerance so important?PUBLISHED ON Nov 15, 2016 UAE incubator of tolerance, says LubnaPUBLISHED ON Nov 15, 2016 UAE: 'We don't want to see any discrimination'PUBLISHED ON Nov 15, 2016 Feedback Get The Paper Our Apps Mobile friendly version Our location Advanced Search Sitemap MY GULF NEWS GulfNews.com is the most widely read newspaper, and online site in English in the Middle East. With a daily BPA audited paid circulation of over 108,000, and an online audience of 3.5 million uniques every month, it is your go to source for information on the region. Sign up below to begin personalising your experienceRegister now News Business Sport Leisure Guides Opinion Multimedia In Focus Life&Style Culture Your Say Enter your keyword follow usRssFollow us on FacebookFollow us on TwitterFollow us on google plus Sign up for newsletterSign Up PreviousNext © Al Nisr Publishing LLC 2016. All rights reserved GN Media How to follow Gulf News History of GulfNews Key Dates Community Advertise Print Direct Marketing About Gulf News Journalism ethics Ethics Policy Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Readers' Policy FAQs Open Calais Careers at Gulf News How to find Gulf News Contact Us Print Subscriptions MGN New GulfNews.com: A considerable step forward in terms of user experience
